I'm out here on my run I'm nine and a
half miles in and there's this gigantic
narrative like in the city of course ah
look at that thing now I love running in
New York City for about a million
reasons but one of those reasons one of
the main reasons is days like today like
when I saw a gigantic ship may see all
the tourists with their cameras people
travel from all around the world just to
see this city and I think because I have
lived in for 15 years easy to forget how
special that is but running makes me
think about it just a little bit more
for like two hours a day every day
did anything today I need to I need to
give you this a super quick update on my
sunglasses and with that I need to start
by saying my purple mirrored glasses
they're gone they're gone forever I mean
I could buy another pair but the pair
that I had they're gone they're dead
they were given a burial at sea see this
weekend was my friend Neves wedding and
actually officiated his wedding I did I
think I did a pretty good job
you may surprise me and after the
wedding we were at the beach and I had
few to drink and at the beach I thought
it'd be a good idea for me to try to
surf and a gigantic inflatable Swan at
one point in time I had my glasses on
while surfing that gigantic inflatable
Swan my little brother pushed me into
waves was having I did surf it and then
crash and when I came up classes dawn we
searched for them under the water we
didn't find them purple glass is gone so
what I have access to do I went through
my inventory of sunglasses and I had
first these gradient lens ones if you
see it's like the lens is lighter down
here and darker up your gradient lens I
don't like the way they look I think
they're a little bit creepy they're like
then I have my red ones I like these red
ones but I broke these red ones they're
no good so I went back to the frosted
classics now these are obviously the
best ever the trouble with these though
is I have broken I broken the arm off of
the right side so I took the arm off of
my red ones I cannibalized it put them
on these and now the glass are my
frosted ones cannibal Edition cool right
the hardest part of having a book club
is finding books and I think enough of
you would be interested in for me to
actually recommend today I'm going to
recommend a book their adventure to say
most of you a lot of you some of you
have already read but it's sort of an
unequivocal smash hit so I think this
one has universal appeal I should also
say as a caveat I read this book 5 years
ago but this books about - this book as
a book is about to expire and that's why
I'm featuring it in the book club not
because I just read it or just
discovered it in fact I read it years
ago - now's the time for you to read it
if you're interested the book is called
ready player one it's a sci-fi book I'm
not particularly into sci-fi books but
this book this book was a wild ride I
thought it was really really fantastic
not everybody agreed but for the most
part named one of the best books of 2011
by Entertainment Weekly San Francisco
Chronicle village boys Chicago sun-times
earth
I do think is one of the best sci-fi
books I've read in a very very long time
but here's why this books about to
expire and here's why I'm recommending
you read this book now so the story
takes place in 2044 2044 the walls
really come to a dark place pollution
global warming war the world is not a
nice place to live but there's this guy
in this book and he created a video game
VR world that you live in and it's
awesome there so a lot of the people of
the planet Earth in 2044 spend most of
their time in this virtual reality world
in the book the fictional video game
creator that made the VR world was a
child of the 1980s and he's obsessed
with 1980s pop culture so the entire
book is so laden with 1980s pop-culture
references that it makes it like the
most nostalgic amazing like 1985
references to movies like better off
debt real genius ghostbusters wargames
and John Hughes movies like The
Breakfast Club for our feelers day off
sixteen Candles pretty in pink weird
science all those movies like the movie
said I love for my childhood they're all
wrapped up
within this story takes place fifty
years after those movies were made so
it's a great book great story if you're
into sci-fi or gaming or anything like
that you'll be into this if you're a
nerd at all well if you're not at all
you probably already read it but if
you're a nerd at all you'll probably
like this book but here's where I'm
concerned here's why I say that this
book is about to expire as we know it
now a year before this book was even
published there's a bidding war to see
who could get the rights to turn it into
a movie that's how much they knew that
this story would lend itself to being a
great mood in the end Warner Brothers
won not bidding war and last year two
years ago they announced it Steven
Spielberg Steven Spielberg Vince P /
Steven Spielberg Steven Spielberg's
project was going to direct the movie
about this book and obviously that's
great for a lot of reasons one because
Steven silver is one of the greatest
living directors who because Steven
Spielberg is also a product of the 80s
and then a guy made Indiana Jones et
poltergeist gremlins Back to the Future
Goonies and about a dozen other smash
hit movies from the 80s he literally is
a product of what this book so much of
this book is about but that concerns me
because the magics of this book is the
nuance the specificity to see obscene
level of detail that goes into about
these pop-culture references that sort
of guide you through the entire and I
just don't think that you can capture
all of those details in a movie the way
you can in a book and because of the
bidding war and because it's Spielberg
you know that this movie even if it
sucks I don't think it's going to suck
but even if it does suck you know that
everybody's you know cxr going to spend
a zillion dollars promoting this thing
which means the minute that movie comes
out when you talk about ready player one
people are going to think you're talking
about the movie and not the book the
books literature in general is about
community you read a book you talk about
a book you talk to your friends about
that book between about that book you
look up online to research that book in
the minute this blockbuster is going to
come out I think that this this is work
of literature is going to be
marginalized and a lot of like what
makes this extraordinary is going to
fade away and see of this and we're only
going to talk about what Spielberg made
and that's why I'm recommending this
book now take this as a literary
experience instead of a cinematic one
that's about to go away and soon when
you bring this up people say oh yeah I
saw that movie
now let's talk about this trailer for a
minute because it is Spielberg and it is
amazing
they called our generation than missing
millions missing not because we went
anywhere there's no more less to go
I've watched about 50 times and the
Gunter and me has found a bunch of
interesting little clues
I also found a lot of these on web
forums but still at the very beginning
when part of all first walked into the
Oasis he passes by on his left Harley
Quinn and Deathstroke then when you see
all the six years in uniform rushing
into getting their cars if you look on
the right for a second you can see the
18 van and then this is my favorite when
the race is taking place there's a split
second where H is monster truck burst
through all the sixers cars and they go
fly on the roof of one of the cars you
see a QR code if you actually scan in
that QR code it takes you to an Iowa
recruitment page a real website there
that's a QR code
come on that's awesome and then like if
you look on Reddit there's about a
thousand other of those like little tiny
Easter eggs in the trailer which really
that Spielberg is going to respect all
the crazy details in this but even so
like seeing them on screen is fun it's
not the same as right so that's our view
go check out ready player one before it
comes out as a Steven silver movie magic
humble community so how was your day and
she liked seeing people start themselves
in windows you look pretty thick do not
unplug my phone
Cass I have a date tonight it's a double
date with a double date tonight
beautiful person is possible pleasure
pleasure and preach and thoughts in the
heart something that similar businesses
in the measuring the rest without my
cues camera I said I would not how is
our date tonight
very good well good we double-dated with
these guys how was our date backers
great Mozilla looking crack of the head
that's not over yet
not only just getting started
