this rather scary-looking dog in here
welcome to Brooklyn it's early in the
morning I'm on my bike riding through
traffic
I'm headed to Brooklyn I'm going to
Brooklyn to do a little video
collaboration with my friends Sh'ma Yoho
you definitely know them they made this
video he's climbing in your windows he's
snatchin your people up tryna rape em so
I got a sour as a cheese pad you're wise
we're doing a little like singsong
collaboration today whoa I don't know
that way around Brooklyn at all I'm sure
I can figure this out
what he's here
yes so this is just like your production
EQ yes well man this is where we have
our modest amount of gear to do
recording stuff obviously most of our
music and stuff is sequenced shoot
green-screen in here as you can see
chill zone in there sometimes we make
the interns work back there
this is the bathroom back here that's
where people peepee and that's the end
of the tour we done gone quiet on hazy
as you to hide your wife hide your kids
hide your wife hide your kids hide your
wife all right so what I'm doing here
these guys were making a song now I'm
gonna be singing it I'm not much of a
singer but I'm excited about this would
you rather sit or stand
mmm sit feels good okay I know so let's
just get this one for some beers perhaps
inside lining up my wow so this is a
song we just record hey you can tell us
Casey's voice that looks exactly like
his voice doesn't it yeah I'm not gonna
toot my own horn but I am a bit of a
songbird yeah I mean I mean that that's
why we labeled them with these song
birds right here walk into the dorms
excuse me yeah I need a large family
coming
awesome shoot guys thank you for having
me it's an absolute pleasure all right
I'll see you guys later
that was super fun with those guys it
lasts a little longer than I had
expected but I was having so much fun I
didn't want to stop all right I got to
get back now because it's time for Q&A
okay let's get started
would you skydive yeah I've been
skydiving quite a few times in this
video you can see me skydiving in Israel
which is a pretty amazing place to go
skydiving also I took Owen skydiving
also in Israel when he was like 12 or 13
years old which is pretty special how
did you in Kandice me uh that's a great
question we met really we met for the
first time at a bar mitzvah and it was
out of town she invited me to stay at
her parents house and I just like spent
the entire weekend relentlessly trying
to hook up with her
she wouldn't have it one morning I even
woke up sleeping in the dog's bed
because she had kicked me out of her bed
but we see who had the last laugh there
Jakub asks who has influenced your life
the most someone you know personally
that would be Owen my son I credit kind
of everything I've done to him and I
don't think I'd have been able to do
really anything that I would call a
success in life without without Owen so
that's an easy one what do you enjoy
most about work for me work is is about
being productive it's about doing
something that sense of accomplishment
of that sense of productivity is what I
enjoy most about work and to me like
work and life are one in the same so all
of those values hold true when thinking
about life in general do you plan on
traveling soon
I'll be in Los Angeles on Monday how did
you first meet Karlie Kloss Carly came
to an event I was doing where I was
premiering a movie that I'd made and I
don't know who brought her but we met
then and have been good friends ever
since
Carly is a very easy person to be
friends with do you get along with Owens
mom yeah we've been very very close his
whole life how can I promote my YouTube
videos to reach new subscribers you know
there's no secret trick to growing a
YouTube channel and this is like advice
that no one likes hearing but if you
make great content you will find your
audience there's not much more to it
than that
you can hack it you can try to trick it
and you might get a little bit of
followers but if you want followers that
actually care people watching your
content that actually give a about
it then it's about making content that
people care about how do you manage
being so optimistic about everything
what's the alternative to be negative or
cynical there's more than enough
negativity in this world and negativity
doesn't feel good negativity is just
easy so if you put in the time to work
hard at being positive and being
optimistic it's a much better life but
it does take more work negative people
are typically lazy people how long does
it take you to edit your vlogs like four
to seven hours fastest and being like
for like the more complicated ones take
like seven Jacob asks have you ever
thought about giving up
do you ever want an extra hour of sleep
yes I always want an extra hour of sleep
what kind of a sicko doesn't want more
sleep okay that flash this camera is on
manual focus and it's on manual exposure
and manual ISO it should not be flashing
like that it shouldn't be adjusting to
anything look I feel like I'm always
bashing Canon cameras but the truth is
like this is a Canon that's what I'm
shooting on these things give me so much
trouble Canon why why is it flashing
right now it's on manual setting see
manual ah
I'm ending the Q&A there thank you for
joining me this week more to your days
next Tuesday guys I'll see you tomorrow
yeah excuse me folks
so last night I didn't get home till
2:00 a.m. feel pretty good about tonight
like 7:30 going home at a reasonable
hour like a reasonable human being
