you look very pretty today I don't like
this up early on the weekdays you okay
special edition vlog we're going to
Connecticut today but just to like fix
the house up we're leaving the baby here
with kandace's mom we're like going to
can I get turning around and coming back
mother
ker why why I guess the streets closed
is this the only street that's closed
minor update they're shooting a movie on
Broadway and the entire Street is shut
down so now we can't take a cab to the
train that we need to go to Connecticut
and Candice is pissed off I think it's
too good if your block gets messed up
for a movie you should get paid a
stipend
as fast as possible little Penn Station
secret always take the stairs never the
escalator
we're about an hour and a half in we
have been power to go how much longer
we've arrived in New London Connecticut
you're welcome thank you good to see you
good to see you man
have fun in Block Island yeah yeah I'll
see you out there
we're gonna go say hi to my old man and
then go to the house and clean it up and
then get back on that damn train and
then go back to that train was fine I
watched my program it's great watch my
program what are you my grandmother this
town is so weird
welcome to London doing the same thing
we always do after we get to New London
which is go to our favorite restaurant
scouts lobster dock for some lobster
sandwiches what I barf in yeah set
handicap morning all right let's go the
lines not so bad great ok thanks a lot
thank you that's a lot of stuff hello
really just crush that dinner Candice
all right this day just keeps getting
more exciting we're back at the house
now it's going to rain out and I haven't
mow the lawn yet so we have to stop
we're doing come back here I'm gonna
muddle on knowing it returned to what
we're doing which is shopping for what
flowers shopping for flowers for
Candace's mother
that's a good-looking lawn okay now
we're head to the grocery store to get
flowers and like diet coke
all right this is the last stop before
is the last stop the last stop before we
go home get things situated and then we
go back to the Train this is a dollar
store and this is the last stop on our
trip we're getting her mother some wine
hello the house is spotless we got
flowers up everywhere Candice has no
shirt on we also got them some potato
chips some box of wine and then a bunch
of chocolates but I eat most of them
this uber driver is the same guy who
drove us here he's a real piece of work
this guy make a u-turn and proceed to
lower Boulevard
if I got off to this point
wait
how's your nap
you slept the whole ride gangrenous
fired I love the Train
we were back in New York City
Oh
Who I am
it's bedtime
