sometimes you get your workout in when
you can get your workout in just get it
in
not today dollar pizza not today
OOP today's Friday my least favorite day
of the week and here's Colin does that
look like a photographer got in a fight
and loss hi guys hey I'm Casey
oh well I'll take that letter hi nice
pelea this is colonies from upstairs so
you're eating dried edamame but you want
a cheeseburger and tater tots for lunch
rare rare cheese retailer does all right
I love your priority Stalin
today's burger Friday with the whole
team these guys this is where they take
the prisoners in and out of central
booking
that guy had handcuffs on and chains on
his feet
this area kind of freaks me out a little
bit much everybody got burgers except me
I have a meeting right now with some
youtubers they have a Food Channel at a
YouTube Food Channel never met them they
seem like nice guys pretty excited to
meet them I am nervous that they're
gonna try to get me to eat dollar pizza
yo hey Gary hey sorry what my very good
to see you nice to finally meet you guys
it's a happiness he's gonna show us the
best slice of pizza that you can get in
New York City and I don't know if you
heard that these guys are vlogging tis
like vlog exception here but they want
me to go get dollar pizza with them but
I'm like eight days sober no dollar
pizza
so I might just get the pizza make you
guys eat it cuz I don't want to break my
best call really all right here's the
situation there's one terrible dollar
pizza place that way and another
terrible dollar pizza place that way
where should we start
what's the most terrible WAP car this
way
are you guys just getting down pizza
it's all we do you know you're getting
yourself into
think so can he catch it but I cold no
they don't take car zip it down I'm
starting to think this whole thing was
just to get me to buy them dollar pizza
all right let's go I got you guys
covered I haven't been in here in so
long getting the shakes
this is fake never
not with fake I can't tell the
difference between the look of that and
amazing what they look just as good you
know honestly I give dollar pizzas such
a hard time and I say it's so terrible
but the reason why I'm so addicted to it
is because it is delicious it's like
doing drugs it seems like a really good
idea so until immediately afterwards so
and then you are just full of regret
yeah that instant moment so good right
bactrim yeah this is the first thing
we've eaten all day
I'm a little bit jealous right now I'm
really glad I had three tacos like an
hour ago
Oh God keep it away from me gentlemen
good to have you by thank you thanks a
little pleasure to see you we don't
really code it what I'll see you in
London then with your pizza with my
pizza yeah see see you guys later
buh-bye it's ten of eight it's much
later than it should be I told Candace
I'd be home by 6:00 there's some super
important stuff at the new company that
had to be situated today before the
weekend so I got stuck at work I feel
like I say that every day I brought my
hoverboard there's that fixed it no it's
broken
it's totally broken oh man
the worst guess I'm walking home tonight
I really love that hoverboard
it's late inside 10 p.m. I'm heading out
to Brooklyn been round and Jeremy loops
are here Jeremy's playing a concert and
robot go so late Night Fights Commission
to Brooklyn it is just crossing over the
Williamsburg Bridge now about 15 minutes
before I get there
it is a workout going over this bridge
okay I'm pretty sure this is where I'm
going hey there
this is our biggest show and I don't
know it's packed out there's basically
it sold up by lottery I'm just yeah
active
I fall down south so before our food in
the kitchen for you running away
what happens sometimes I'm so fitting
okay just do one of those people guys
what an amazing job never happens
tonight made it
that's a lot of people
down south with us
then I was warned
