check this guy out
total boss I had like two drinks last
night which is fine but then I ran eight
miles this morning with Ryan again and
now I just feel like like death hey guys
oh let me get off this desktop for
somebody gets hurt oh my god
where are you guys from from Miami Beach
hey he put our unit here okay now I'm
going into work you got it I'll do much
better than I thought Yeah right in the
holla boat man
now don't you think this would make you
a more effective when it comes to
delivering packages you probably should
think about it witnessing it but sure
there's a bit of an Express going to the
city
oh my god just paint them Brown wrong
yeah come on boom
our Marlin take care man all right you
take care it's kind of early in the day
I'm sneaking out of the office now I'm
going to meet Ryan
Ryan's a good friend of mine who's been
in the city the last two days consulting
with my new company consulting for my
new company and he's in Midtown now I'm
gonna go meet him
we're gonna go camera shopping also I
don't know if I'd been totally clear
about this in the vlog yet but I want to
go on record as saying these things are
insanely dangerous they're not safe
they're easy to ride but they're not
safe at all I fell earlier today and
I've been really limping ever since
got my bike told Ryan I'd be up there in
about 15 minutes I think I'll be there
in about 12 what are all these people
lined up for Oh Lulu did a recreation of
the Seinfeld set to promote something or
another these people are all aligned to
go see it that's crazy
New York City what is up of these roads
so I'm meeting Ryan at one of my
favorite stores in all of New York City
a story I don't go to often I never make
it up to this part of town see I'm
really unhappy with my current camera
ear my vlogging setup it's just like not
right and I want to explore the options
I have so this place B&H it's probably
like the best camera store here in the
city no way me Club I was like that guy
looks familiar here shopping there huh
what's the OCD here I'm meeting a friend
here yeah this is me Slav you might
remember him from other vlogs he's not
the friend I'm here to meet why are you
here shopping nice laughs nice to meet
you too see you later good luck with
your Red Bull movie soon thank you later
nice love okay it'd be really ironic if
you weren't allowed to film inside of a
camera store no filming oh this is Ryan
you might recognize him from yesterday
yesterday's running sequence how's New
York treating you not bad not bad
real hot yeah warm right
yeah but exactly dressed for the heat
and humidity ride mini update we did a
lot of research talk to all the camera
guys and they're like the camera the
best auto focus is the 70d I didn't have
great luck with my 70d so I'm not sure
how to proceed here
I like these Sony's a lot but the
trouble is none of their strings pull
out like I can't see the screen you
can't shoot selfie videos with the
Sony's checking out these nikon's now
leaving empty-handed so disappointing I
was so excited to get something new and
fresh let's go let's go West the hell's
going on here hey I can cut between the
two of them
for me
he pulling that woman over is you're
blocking the lane though they sure are
blocking the lane so would you make a
video of it
yeah I should have crashed into him that
was a reference to my movie called bike
lanes which I will link right here we're
going to meet Candace now for dinner I
think
Candace I can see you I know you're
behind the tree
I'm all sweaty
very good
every second pictures of these guys
Germany take your picture no I thought
someone was coming I know no no no all
right I'm leaving these two you gonna
get ice cream
all right see you later all right good
to see you man will talk to Tahoe say
you know I forgot paperwork collagen yep
see I didn't want to go get ice cream I
wanted to go home so I'm gonna go home
she's you know good ice cream that is
how marriage works
