what are you doing he faked the pain I
really don't know what you're talking
about by 8:30 a.m. on a Monday my
favorite day my favorite time I have the
entire week ahead of me how are you
doing
that's where I was that looks good on
you own yeah thanks
really brings out my eyes yeah it looks
good on you
really hot I can imagine phone is doing
an internship at the new company today
is Austin housing how's it going good
they still do the block yeah man every
day you don't watch my blog Owen it's
been like a very busy Monday morning in
the office not a lot of fun but right
now one of my favorite people fellow
youtuber is on his way to the studio
someone I'm very excited to see it's not
Owen he's from England by way of South
Africa what else can I say he's one of
the best daily vloggers on all of
YouTube I don't see him outside yet but
I am anxiously awaiting his arrival
Oh welcome
good day how are you dude he is joining
us something I feel sorry bruh oh my god
it's real what you guys have ever done
with me I thought especially if I need
to go nothing a naughty indeed yeah yeah
not bad at all for first rice so there's
that shy
I mean it's real I mean it's going
foster pop bosses they go much faster
I've never seen anybody turn quite that
many times before Jeremy I'm taking
Jeremy and then over to new company
because I want to show them what we're
up to
this is Sarah okay this is David Stan's
apple a day their gang got a lot of
snacks up in here look a lot it's like
the easiest way to keep people happy
then what are you doing out here buddy
nothing
just blogging there's one scare out here
that's a little bit hard to get down you
have to commit you have to commit oh my
god I'm just trying to go home and Ben
and Jeremy asked for a quick hoverboard
lesson so alright this is my stop filter
your roll around call me when you leave
upstairs okay I'm gonna come meet you in
like 20 minutes
in a bit good luck getting back hi Carla
hi hey who's happy to be outside quick
trick dinner with quick quick dinner
with the missus there you look pretty
there quick dinner with Candace and
uncle Roy and baby Francine don't put a
chip in her towel you have a chip on
your shoulder you think that's funny
finally the babysitter showed up so we
can have a little tot a little adult
time you be good with new friends
you'd be good with auntie Carly we're
going later guys good like say Carly say
ah tikka here you go you ready to go Oh
little smile are you ready go
hey bub iCarly this love iCarly you
later headed home from dinner now I
think I'm gonna go meet Ben I'm gonna
show him a little bit of the city this
camera just will not focus did you see
you let's go up and I'd like to see what
your guess is yo my brother yeah I'm
just going out with the Spotify do your
playlist on we're gonna go down and walk
across the Brooklyn Bridge down there in
a bit just waiting on them
we are out on the Brooklyn Bridge now
it's kind of crowded out here but these
guys have fun I love a bit of low life
to a gratuitous come on wait
fuck around here in the States gentlemen
I'm gonna go Cal we're ready
you gonna come back with me I don't know
you want to stick around here and take a
few shots yeah yeah here you go
get on your hands with the baby I got
the worker get the work lights and
family have a great night guys
