all of us canteen Kingdom today's
Father's Day so I can really run as far
or as long as I want she can't get mad
at me cuz it's like today's like my day
go for a run
get out to Brooklyn this is Brooklyn
that's Manhattan
and she knows that I'm talking about
13.53 miles at a 7:56 pace it's like hot
and muggy and thick out today
you
look there is at the beach there he is
at Christmas and I got him a BB gun he
thought that was a ridiculous thing to
get him that's him a couple months ago
that was when we got our portrait taken
at Walmart I don't know why we got our
picture taken at Walmart but let's see
there is on the official poster from HBO
series there he is that's on Block
Island when when he was really little
this was I think the first time we ever
went for a trip 2003 maybe 2004 when we
went to Paris together this is a letter
he wrote me now today is Father's Day
I'm in the office but it's only because
Candice and Francine are both taking a
nap so I snuck over here for one minute
for this special edition Father's Day
vlog I want to talk about fatherhood
specifically I want to talk about my son
Owen you see Francine the baby on the
vlog all the time and that's because
she's a baby she ain't got no schedule
but more so because she's always with us
and she's always around and she's so
damn cute I know no matter how bad the
vlog is that I'll still get lots of
thumbs-up if she's in it my son is
seldom in the vlog and the reason why is
he's got school he's got cross-country
is got indoor track he's got outdoor
track he's got his own social life he's
got a car he's got a job he's got SAT
prep he's got college prep he's got
visiting colleges the kid is like you
know is 17 he's almost an adult so the
opportunities to include him in this
vlog it's tough so I want to talk a
little bit about him
that's us on a waterslide I don't know
where we are there but look how young
that's us in Long Island that's own in
Candice in South Africa now I say this
and I feel like this is a cliched thing
to say and a lot of parents say this but
Owen is my hero a little bit of context
so before I had Owen I was like I had
run away from school I had like just
gotten to nothing but trouble I was like
in trouble police trouble in school
trouble I was like selling pot at high
school um I was a really bad bad kid and
when we found out that she was pregnant
when I found out I was having a baby I
was 16 years old I remember thinking
like this is my opportunity this is my
purpose and that never changed that
still to this day hasn't changed like
the minute Owen was born which was 20
days after my 17th birthday I had a new
singular focus in life and that was to
provide this kid with the best life I
could provide him with and when your
motivation goes beyond just yourself
that's when incredible things happen so
everything I've been able to do in life
I have only been able to do because of
this kid because of Owen look I'm like
17 years old in that picture probably 17
or 18 here and this is maybe a little
bit later maybe I'm 19 18 19 this is
when we lived in a trailer park it's a
great picture see with Francine it's
going to be different that child will
never know anything but a life of safety
and security and privilege there was no
money when Owen was born we lived in a
trailer park after his mom and I broke
up I like lived with a cook that I
worked with in a restaurant like shared
an apartment after I moved to New York
when I'd be back in Connecticut with him
we would stay in like the Attic of an
office building my dad owned
or we'd say my grandmother's house
sometimes if I had like a little bit of
money sometimes we'd sleep in hotels I
was doing the best I could but it wasn't
very good and through all that I through
all that stuff like Owen was never
anything but super super loving and
supportive and the most wonderful kid so
when I credit all this with him that's
not like parental hyperbole I mean that
like he was extraordinary he supported
me through everything I've done by
Francine bye-bye bye Candace all right
let's move we're trying to be helpful
and help Candace with our groceries but
I think it might be missing our movie
that's the movie theater
okay the movie is sold out and now we're
just gonna try to sneak into the wrong
theater then theater were supposed to be
yeah it's there you think we're too late
started my beside and that's a free
that's a pretty heavy it's raining too
fatty
we're good Manjula Oh silly
girly wanker
I don't know if we're supposed to go
this way but let's try seems fun
someone has a knack for finding
alternative means of egress from movie
theaters yeah yeah this clears it up
okay
Oh God how do we got it here locked such
a labyrinth wrapped up in a maze doing
it burgers it's been a lot of father's
day I am exhausted
ready go
