23 like 102 105 degrees in the city and
for so many so heat advisories in effect
for the city in Westchester the song
taught in the city by Billy Idol was
written when he lived in a one-bedroom
studio there was like a hundred degrees
out in that air-conditioned mat that was
his inspiration for that song great song
don't be afraid it's not like you're in
Arizona or someone like that it's not
crazy hot but look 93 that's pretty hot
for New York City ah something I really
like to do here on YouTube is find
smaller or newer or less well-known
youtubers and then share those youtubers
that I really like with you my audience
I like to do that because it kind of
gives them a little bit more exposure
and I like to think that if you watch
this channel that you're also interested
in what I'm interested in any event I
have a youtuber that's coming by right
now that I'm very excited for you to
meet but first
she's here hello wait wait am i looking
yes it right now right there there God
okay got it
this is Molly Molly G youtuber we met at
VidCon yes okay and this is how it went
I walk into some lounge or something
like that they're all over Pacifica I
heard somebody whisper I think that's
Casey nice dad and I think I like tiny
hear that a lot so I didn't think much
of it I turned around and went to see
you said that so I could say hi and then
I saw this rule right here say well is
it him or is it not him and whoever you
see news like I can't tell him you like
well I can't tell I'm blind I can't see
him is it Casey or not that time at
Molly and that's how I found out that
you can't see yes
so how is someone both blind and a
youtuber Molly well there was a bit more
that went into the decision to make
youtube videos and maybe for most people
because obviously like I can't set up my
camera on my lighting I can't make sure
I'm in focus
I can't edit my videos and so there was
there was more that had to go into
figuring all that out and my mom comes
down and she films with me so she'll
make sure I'm in focus she takes the
thumbnail so in short I always have a
mom that you trust to tell you you look
good on camera I would say I'm like
Cinderella I have my own talking mirror
everywhere I go and mine ears name is
mom have you always been blind
I've always been visually impaired I
haven't always been blind until I was 14
and in grade 8 the disease was kind of
triggered and I lost pretty much the
majority of my vision to what I have now
what can you see now like what do you
see now like there's a bright light
there's bright light and then there's me
and there's I can't like what what do
you see so I see the world in light and
shadow I can see light so I can see that
there's a big square of light and like I
can see that there's a little bulb above
us and that there's different light and
that there's strips of lighting on the
ceiling
I have is like globe light pane over
there but I can't see or no depth
perception rather so I don't know if
that light is in touching distance or if
it's far away can you see me at all see
when you like look towards the light and
stop I can see that there's their
shining on your glasses so if I sit
right there I can see that your glasses
all right they're two little spots
that's all I see
so then everything around those two
little spots reflecting off your glasses
is totally black so you don't know what
I look like
not at all before you lost your vision
did you ever see a movie with Brad Pitt
in it what got you to a place of wanting
to share so much of who you are in your
life to the world
Florine been a big problem it was a big
part of my life when I lost my vision I
also lost all of my friends and and so I
could take this negative thing that
happened to me and make it something
positive for other people we're going to
go outside now and Molly's unit share
with me what it's like to be visually
impaired right mm-hmm I'm going to
borrow your scarf okay buddy hey buddy
thank you
all right blindfold on ready to go okay
so you just have to trust that I can't
see it is this recording Zach yeah give
address that I can't do this
so a lot of people when they like want
to help a blind person might try to grab
our hand or push us or grab our
shoulders not the right thing to do
probably over offer the elbow so you're
going to grab my right elbow cuz gallop
is trained to always be on my left so
the boom I'm going to come over in front
of you so I sit on your lap right okay
yeah well just know how many like axes
and things are hanging in this studio
I've never been so scared in my own
office before okay yes on the button
every is on the left 500 I'm out I think
a fire thing we won't we don't want
there that I have done do your Braille
on the button we're working on this new
stressing you guys write down and not
just their family they're Israel right
no this is interesting for both of us
see I are seeing different accessibility
as I said we're going about yeah I do
too I think we're gonna have a long
elevator ride oh I gotta be this is the
first floor second floor second could
you push the button for the first floor
please gasps softly okay
we have successfully made it to the
front door Oh
however there is no oh god no
let's go left affiliate coffee okay
ah
we're going to hit the streets soon
across the street and at the end of the
next block is a coffee shop on the left
and what do you do what do we do
so hopefully walk by how do you know
when they're coming to have well yes
Alyssa that sounded like traffic was
going south it not endow the booth but
now flick traffic has always been going
up okay let's just risk it I might kill
you today but I appreciate that you're
taking this breast with me how do we
know we're up the curb Galvez off where
the curb
police also stares verbs like nothing to
find the door so when I get to the
corner then I'll ask him to find the
door yes
do you smell like everything see you
learn like he looks like old eerie music
from that store
into the south
so it's positive
oh I'm talking out goes okay you so much
yes
how do you know whether it's your turn
order is it my turn order yes that's how
I know so how do you notice someone's
dropping you often we go
really but how do I touch their country
you have to ask them to help you you
know how do you know like what sugar to
put into your coffee I asked okay so I'm
going to take off my blindfold
Wow that was an absolutely like jarring
experience for me
it was really like everything I knew
about life here hearing it in a
different once we recessed did you're
experiencing it with your ears with your
nose with your hands like I always say
my hands are my eyes because I'm always
a touching thing my more than that like
you know you know in a weird way and I
said it very gently
it was much scarier the phrase I didn't
touch somebody but I was afraid that she
was unitard me too much my coffee they
never would hear resident and gentleman
from their perfect unfree ruining it by
car as a pre we're going to offend the
people around us how the princess
doesn't even get the right coffee like I
think how you think you know what this
is I always helpful for you I just bring
you into this experience and you've
never done it before
of course it's going to feel really
scary and it's probably going to feel
overwhelming and it's probably going to
feel like you can't do it but the
reality is this is lying on this is my
everyday and for people who are in
wheelchairs for people who are blind for
people who are deaf or missing a limb
this is our normal you know I've been
blind for nine years
I don't know life's excitement so for me
asking for people to help me all the
time or for me listening to the traffic
surges or for me listening and smelling
different places know where I am is
north and so to me it's not difficult
and it's not scary and it's not jarring
it's not and it's just like I wake up I
do my makeup I make my breakfast I see
your overcoat I do my own makeup yep
she's my own outfit you know I do I just
live like Molly before you go I made a
present for you
what okay it's here oh my goodness story
of my own
Casey sunglasses yes I made you a custom
pair of my sunglass the other look on
you then look right on you look at this
I even engraved your name on the side oh
there's a note on that side and then
what is it say thanks what about them
we'll figure let's see how we both slept
with her they look good on you they fit
you very well well I thank you for
coming by thank you for you for the
lighting we come by vision in terror we
say blank why thank you
black-and-white on a hot summer
don't be afraid of aluminate ha
