this is like a weird inception thing
hold on let's see if I can try to film
this okay I'm talking to Jerome on on
FaceTime and then Carly's here and then
Carly's talking to Jerome and video and
the whole thing I left the hoverboard at
work last night was pouring out and
writing nothing in the rain just seemed
like a generally terrible idea what's up
how's it going man so I'm on foot today
which feels entirely awkward what do we
have here so I've been riding my
hoverboard a lot in these vlogs and I've
been talking about it even more which is
kind of annoying so I thought to like
alleviate some of the pressure on both
the hoverboard and the vlog then I would
just like put a nail in the coffin by
dedicating this entire vlog to the
hoverboard
the hoverboard vlog is going to have
four chapters chapter 1 functionality
chapter 2 product review chapter 3
product improvement in chapter 4 how to
buy these things that totally getting
scammed by some con artists on the
internet by ordering them directly from
China chapter 1 begins now
this is water not beer ah chapter 1
functionality also um I just open up a
package whoever sent me these Cuban
cigars thank you you know I don't smoke
I don't know what I'll do with them but
I appreciate you sending them by okay
functionality so this thing it sort of
looks like a Segway it's not a segment
at all it has two pressure-sensitive
pads here that let it know when
something is standing on it and that
activates the motor that's on either
side of this thing I should also preface
this by saying I am no way affiliated
with this and everything I'm saying is
just an assumption but I'm pretty good
when it comes to engineering and things
like that so it's probably pretty
accurate you've got two
pressure-sensitive pads that lets the
device know that you're standing on it
that activates each respective motor you
get two independent motors here a single
axis sort of combines them both there's
an axle that runs through now how it
knows which way to power that motor is
you tip it forward and as long as that
axle twists it means the right motor
goes forward the left motor goes forward
want them both to move they go like this
you want to move in a circle took one
back and one forward and that's pretty
much how it works
you got a single power button here you
got the charging port there and that's
pretty much it it has these lights on
top I don't know what they mean that's
battery I don't know what this one is
then you've got these headlights down
here which I can only assume are
entirely superficial that's how you turn
around whoa what happened
okay I better demonstrate this on the
floor power button is here
tipnis record of turns to this foot for
two terms on that side and that's kind
of it there may be more elaborate
instructions but they were in Chinese
and I don't really subtractor to prod
product review so I've had this for
about a week now maybe a week and a half
I feel like that makes me an authority
on it as far as the hardware goes it is
a really well-built device I've had to
put some tape here to keep these little
lights in place but besides that we've
been beating the everliving out of
this thing day in and day out I've been
riding it in the rain I wrote it in sand
on grass and it just keeps going thus
far I have not noticed any sort of
depreciation in either the power
responsiveness or anything of the lights
let's take this outside
yeah
don't think about it so much
I've never seen those people before in
my entire life okay back to the product
review so if there's one problem with
this thing you can't get up curves and
the reason why that's lame is because
the biggest concern is this thing with
this step right now I need to go up the
curb there's just no way and this leads
me into the next chapter which I can't
remember what I wrote down but it's
about improvement and how this thing
could be made better I think I have an
idea as to how to make this hoverboard
thing so it actually I can get up a step
I can get up a curb I'm gonna do that
now
but that's that problem solved
okay last chapter that would be Chapter
four how to buy these things and not get
scammed by some con artists on the
internet by buying it from China and
this is something I take personally
because I hate being ripped off and more
than that I hate people that rip off
other people let me compare with me here
this is called a website called IO Hawk
and they sell this device for seventeen
hundred and ninety nine dollars that is
one thousand seven hundred ninety nine
dollars and ninety nine cents okay cool
for you IO Hawk then there's this great
business insider story here this
business insider story talks about how
all these celebrities have this
expensive new gadget and it credits the
gadget with this company called funky
duck and funky duck is apparently a
company with a couple of entrepreneurs
to bring this funky duct product to the
market blah blah blah okay and funky
ducks are $1,500 okay then you can
wander over to Amazon where you can buy
this one called a mono Rover same device
and it's five hundred and thirty-eight
dollars so that's pretty cheap see you
here five hundred and thirty eight
dollars okay in case you're having
trouble following long they're all the
identical device from the same place
with different names on them and then a
price variation of over a thousand
dollars so I went straight to the source
figured out where these things were made
and how to get them directly from the
supplier now this is where it gets
really interesting so if you do a little
bit of the work and go to Alibaba here
here's the exact product made in the
same Factory here's your color
variations that you want and here it
costs a whopping see if you can see that
two hundred and thirty dollars which is
pretty great if you really want to get
into it then you can go here and order
straight from Guangdong China for a
whopping 198 dollars and 50 cents so so
there's plenty of opportunity here to
spend $1700 on one of these things but I
can just be a little bit resourceful go
online figure out how to order it
directly from China for 200 bucks and
you have the same exact product made in
the same exact factory for fifteen
hundred dollars less than those other
guys I don't mean to sound extreme when
I say this but I don't think anyone has
ever wanted anything as badly as I want
dollar pizza right now
