you know here's the East Coast feed
champion when he was 13
today's Monday my favorite day of the
week big day today I feel like I said it
every day but every day is a big day
psyched to be back in the office after
that weekend of leisure and I'm here I
don't think I remember but a second one
of these was ordered on Friday night
mail time
thank you oh man I love these things
thank you for sending me more because we
eat them all this is not as paid I mean
I got these for free but I wasn't paid
to him I just like these kind of fruit
roll-ups power inverters Thank You
energizer for the power inverters I
needed them and I appreciate it but I
don't want you to think for one second
that I don't already have power inverter
Z's are in the central part of anyone's
car I don't think there was a letter in
there but whoever sent me the booze
thank you
Charlie's box college yeah
this is a lock-picking kit and a
lock-picking practice kit it's like a
criminal workshop somebody sent me now
there's a letter Bryan black thank you
for all this stuff
there's a lot going on in this office
but one thing that's not going on here
are any plants being grown or herbs so
thank you whoever sent this to me or the
plants so after I have all this fun
opening up all these boxes I then spent
like an hour cleaning up my own mess I
always get a lot of requests to do like
a behind-the-scenes of this vlog which
I'm not so sure I understand because
it's a vlog there are no scenes by
virtue of it being a vlog everything's
kind of behind the scenes so I'm not
sure what you're asking for when you ask
for behind the scenes but it's Monday so
I thought I would show some of the
mechanics of how I make the vlog I don't
have anything else to talk about today
so this is like filler this is a filler
vlog okay but even over this before but
this is my main camera here this is a
Canon Rebel I used to have a 70d but
that camera but this camera broke
anyways so now I use now I'm using this
thing this Canon Rebel mm for the price
I guess it's okay this is the camera
that I try to use for all of my shooting
because it looks good this directional
mic up here is pretty good I use like
this selfie stick apparatus so it's not
all up in my face like this see that
drifting focus that's this camera the
other one was a little bit better
I can't always carry around with me this
huge somewhat ridiculous camera rig like
if you think it'd be like a gangster who
carries around a tommy gun that's the
big camera
but you have to have your sidearm to at
the ready at all time so I always have a
camera at the ready to and basically
it's like if the shots are premeditated
meaning I considered shooting them
before I actually shot them they go on
this big pretty camera if they're super
spontaneous they're on this little
camera so some things that I haven't
done before from a narrative perspective
I try to cut out like a small piece of
my day and find a story and I make that
story sort of the like the under
underlying theme of that day's vlog if
there's like a nugget of the day where
I'm doing something that's not me
sitting at my desk or having meetings I
try to make a vlog about that usually
I've done like zero editing by the time
I get home if I'm lucky I'll find like
20 minutes throughout the day to
actually import the footage I get almost
like 7:30 hanging around the baby
hanging around Candice by 8:30 or 9:00 I
sit down to edit I edit using this train
wreck of a software here it's called
Final Cut Pro X it really is not great
software there are a number of better
options I'm just unwilling to take the
time to learn something better what
makes it easier to vlog every day is if
you have some sort of a format mine is
very loose at best I always have a time
lapse at the beginning I always have an
abrupt ending so I find that to be like
really satisfying to watch besides that
my format is extremely loose and my goal
with this vlog isn't and it has never
been to like share all the intimacy's of
my life it's always just been to create
a good or entertaining piece of content
every day Hofstra was an all-american
skier this is his first time on the
Skyrim Marathon
we know practice in like three hours it
goes toes forward that's it that's so
funny
hang on a second okay this is a trick
that I can do I'm the only person that
can do it and Oscar is about to try it
it's the 180
if you twist it all when you take off
that's right nice touch answer
yeah thanks pretty rugged man right kid
I gotta get back to it good to see you
are you leaving tomorrow yeah I wanna
have fun in Italy all right nice wrapper
this step is going down just met a nice
man young man named Alex so I can see
right there Alex I'm sorry I couldn't
spend more time talking to you
if I did I wouldn't get to see the baby
tonight and seem nice but you know she's
my baby she's awake she's awake good
night
