yeah did you see that I kind of had skid
and go like over my camera and I just
smashed into it I've said this a lot
before and I'm like a convicted person
but I'm saying it today and I mean it no
more dollar pizza for breakfast period I
end up feeling sick all day it's not
good for you
I said it here on the vlog to make it
official no more dollar pizza
Nixie vlogging always are you doing good
man how are you hey miss hoverboard yeah
I ride it everywhere always it's a part
of me now
alright what do you need to try it yeah
stop think about stopping now think
about turning around I'm not thinking
about I'm thinking about stopping an
attorney nothing about going to the door
now stop and go backwards and think
about giving me back my hoverboard no
I'm not having it I'm leaving this is my
friend Nicky Nick and I used to sort of
work together we shared a space for like
when anyways he needed an SD card hope
that works out for you man yeah it's a
really long boring story but the end of
it is KC's a girl again
alright did I get you back to it buddy
good luck with your photo shoot Thanks
Kameron asks do you plan on running a
marathon again in the future yeah I
usually run a couple of year this year
I'm signed up for New York City maybe
I'll do one before but I don't know
Jacob asks what is consistently the
hardest part of your day leaving work
every day it's a battle because I want
to make it home to see the baby before
she goes to sleep I want to see Candice
but when it's like 6 7 8 o'clock time to
go home I have like no where near
completed my work for the day literally
it's a struggle of mine every single day
yeah here what was your major
breakthrough in the business of film my
major breakthrough well first of all
first of all don't kid yourself it takes
years and years and years there's no
such thing at least in my experience of
an overnight success it's just like
gradual steps that get you closer to
where you want to be with that my first
movie that got a lot of exposure was a
movie called iPods dirty secret I'll
link it is a movie I made with my
brother van in 2003 and it was like one
of the first viral films it was a movie
that was seen 5 million times on on the
Internet three years before YouTube was
even out that got me a lot of attention
that was the first step in a very long
process
I can't underscore enough that it's
never any one thing that takes you where
you want to be what's the best way to
find time to make films while in high
school
I don't know my army sympathy for you
I've got a full-time job two kids baby
wife house bills life reality and if I
can find time to make some videos
everyday then you can too I know what
high school was like I did it for like a
very short amount of time if it's
something you really want to do you will
find the time what's it like to be your
own boss you know the last time I
actually I had a boss I was 21 years old
so I've worked for myself almost my
entire adult life I don't know that I
could function in any other environment
I don't do well when I have someone
questioning my judgment and I don't do
well when I have to trust the judgment
of someone else simply because they're
my superior I just I don't do on that
environment yeah I just watched rewatch
this amazing Steve Jobs quote from like
1996 when you grow up you tend to get
told that the world is the way it is and
your your life is just to live your life
inside the world try not to bash into
the walls too much try to have a nice
family life have fun save a little money
but life that's a very limited life life
can be much broader once you discover
one simple fact and that is everything
around you that you call life was made
up by people that were no smarter than
you and you can change it you can
influence it you can you can build your
own things that other people can use and
the minute that you understand that you
can poke life and actually something
will you know if you push in something
will pop out the other side that you can
you can change you can mold it that's
maybe the most important thing is to
shake off this this erroneous notion
that life is is there and you're just
going to live in it versus embrace it
change it improve it make your mark upon
it I I think that's very important and
however you learn that once you learn it
you'll want to change life and make it
better because it's kind of messed up in
a lot of ways once you learn that you'll
never be the same again
okay I'll link that below but he really
said it well and when it comes to where
I want to exude my efforts and energy in
life it's on something that I want to
make sure is true to my own mission and
my own goals so working for myself is
something I take very seriously and
everybody I work with are people who in
some capacity share a similar vision so
really it's this whole like be your own
boss it's like if you if you're in the
right place there is no boss it
comes a collaborative effort by a group
of individuals that share a mutual
ambition and that's how I like to think
of everything that I've done since I
quit my last job whatever it was 14
years ago I'm going to end the Q&A there
Candice is doing like a sample sale
today at her jewelry company so I'm
gonna go visit her hey Casey is your car
thank you so much thank you Nick how did
it work out super well we got everything
we needed
who's that girl this is Chrissy Jones
she's a yoga teacher and she's opening
up a studio in Chinatown SkyTeam yoga
yeah we set this whole Street up so we
could get plugged Chrissy's I was
looking to work with guitars right yeah
normally I'm a super confident cyclist
in this vlog but the roads are soaking
wet it's been pouring all day if ever
I'm going to fall it's going to happen
today
Candace's jewelry company is doing a
super cool like sample sale where people
get to go up into a showroom see her
jewelry buy it and he has like a
mariachi band there something crazy
do you hear that
I got you a present
I'm Jay Goodis here
birthday it's not your birthday why
didn't I get that for you happy Tuesday
because I'm lucky oh so pretty oh my god
it's so pretty oh my god I hope you like
it
I love it okay we go over there party
Oh
Oh
