I'm pretty excited about this new camera
I think it looks great can you tell him
on my hoverboard thing people really
stare at you on this thing if it wasn't
for one step in the lobby of this
building I could make it from my bedroom
to my desk in my office without getting
off this thing it's no secret that New
York City is my favorite place on planet
earth I love this city I'm borderline
obsessed with this city that said this
city is also a stinking rotting just
cesspool of Filth and nothing brings out
that stank worse than the summertime and
today it's like 91 degrees out and the
whole city just kind of smells like it
sort of smells like if someone hid a
dead fish under the driver's seat of
your car
and then you rolled up the windows and
left it parked in the Sun for like a
week and it just smells like that
everywhere I'm kind of psyched on the
quality of this camera in yesterday's
vlog there was a minor incident with my
previous vlogging camera wherein the
camera did not survive and I replaced it
with this camera this camera is the
cheapest Canon SLR that has autofocus
it's just a rebel and yes I know I had
nothing but bad things to say about
Canon and I still believe that but like
I've got 50 of their lenses and I'm like
sucked into their ecosystem so I
continue to buy their product I am a
sucker I realize this but always anxious
to hear your thoughts
just for viewing this stuff it actually
looks like the focus is a little soft
morning welcome hi guys so these guys
are in the office here because they're
being put on the beta for the new
company these are our test recruits you
guys ready for your testing yeah nervous
little nervous
I like your lab reeks you are my lab rat
and you're gonna keep in touch hush
until the time is right thanks guys
thanks guys yeah you guys want to ride
it you want to get on it I do want to
get on proactivity has taken a turn for
the worst since this thing showed up
have you written it before how I'm so
down this was that use it yourself no
for the Shakespeare falling yet you got
this
yeah all right I'll see you guys later
bye guys see you later
if you're wondering why this shot is so
smooth it's because I'm on my new dolly
all right David you wanna talk we are
totally living in the future I just got
a message on my watch
and it's a video of Francine on a
zipline watch
that's some crazy George Jetson right
there
max I'm executor back I had to go home
all right I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'll see you early mat see you in the
morning
later Jack yeah we didn't break it I
will make that step one of these days
Candace's mom is in town tonight they're
going out I'm home alone with the baby
love that I had to cut out early to
assume my fatherly responsibilities
Candace this is not where the bike goes
hi honey I'm home hi Jian how's your day
bye guys
goodbye hello how was your nap
everything that my mean granny went to
Brooklyn what do you want to do you
wanna go for a walk yeah okay let's go
let's go for a walk where should we go
you don't know he want to go to the park
every day at 6:30 if she's home she
cries when she goes for a walk she's as
happy as can be he liked to be outside
he liked to be outside he had so excited
- the name of the game is to keep Rupp
for like another half an hour and then
she's tired enough to go to sleep for
the night you put her down too early
she's gonna scream but you gotta keep
her busy
right honey what do you see there are so
many moms and strollers in this part of
the city
this is Tribeca it's like stroller
central let's go ready are you ready
okay let's go that's pretty much the
entirety of our walk now we go home we
had to take a quick snack break
yeah it's bath time can you get a towel
no ever bad now we have that time nary a
bathtub Joe's towel you look very cool
in your custom towel come on she's
definitely not asleep
