oh I think you do get on this I think
you should try it it's a lot easier than
it looks
let me see the missile okay I'm just
trying to lean forward it goes forward
look which I'm nimble you sure you don't
want to try it no I don't want to try it
man
it's a lot of fun I want to Train look
at this ready you're very good at these
things name
I am did it yeah you're good at these
things
what are you watching Candace Watson
will vlog early meeting this morning
with a designer we're working on like
the icon and the branding around the new
company which is super exciting and once
we get it to a place where like initial
designs I've been sussed out I'm
definitely going to have you guys the
internet helped me sort of finalize the
design which should be awesome ya know
you just made my shots so much better
things are so dangerous they really
should never they should never ridden
outdoors today is a crazy full day in
the office the company's coming along
like we're getting closer to be able to
talk about it then ultimately launching
but he definitely highlights for me some
larger concerns I have with my ability
to keep making this vlog every day and
run my company but whatever today I want
to tell another story cuz those are like
the easiest for me to make I mean I
think they're good but it's a lot easier
than me like running around all day with
the cameras I have to actually work
today I just thought I'd do this intro
outside to like so it's not just me in
my office talking I'm here to lunch with
my crew and then tell a story about when
it's okay to give up on a project that
you've started here's a little teaser
it's never okay having an all team lunch
right now
the team is enormous I don't even know
how we're gonna all fit into the same
restaurant
also I don't know where they are so I'll
find them how you doing what's up guys
let them cases up nice to meet you I'm
Tyler are you going so really late to
meet the team and I don't know where
they are I think they went to the usual
place and are probably sitting on this
stoop but I don't know did anybody get
me lunch this feels like a summer camp
summer camp lunch situation actually I
say that but it wasn't as good as
yesterday to be honest like I think they
need to work there was a special
sandwich they didn't work on it you know
it was hard to eat it was hard apart it
was too much dressing
it was overdressed whatever you know I
know so enjoy a forever but they need to
improve
see this this little lip right here this
this is so hard to get up I gotta fix
that okay let's talk about when it's
okay to give up and when to quit
sometimes you go out and you shoot all
this stuff you have this great idea you
come back to edit it and for whatever
reason
somewhere between beginning the process
and finishing it you just throw in the
towel it gets the best of us it's never
okay there's never like a valid excuse
not to finish something that said there
are a number of projects that I've
started and not finished
for example there's this awesome movie
here one moment please
trying to finish my movie and cannons
cameras have a really bad habit of just
deciding to stop recording and it just
gives you an error message that says
movie stopped recording
I just lost like a whole bunch of
footage that I thought I had shot I
can't just get pretty mad at me when I
smash things but
okay let me get another camera and get
back to my movie all right this this is
the 5d Mark 3 this is a much more
expensive camera and fancy camera than
the one that I just destroyed but watch
this is the reason why I destroyed my
other camera and this is the reason why
I'm about two seconds away from putting
an axe through this camera see that it
just does that no rhyme no reason it
just does that I have the like highest
speed memory cards you can possibly look
at the speed on that memory card it's
the highest speed memory card you could
possibly have in there there's no reason
for this camera to be critically failing
me like this but it is rather than
scratching my axe up anymore by
destroying this piece of crap I will
just finished shooting this vlog on my
point-and-shoot sorry for the lower
quality I'd also like to go on record by
saying don't buy Canon cameras because
they will fail you when you need them it
is brilliantly appropriate that I'm
having this much trouble finishing this
movie which is supposed to be about
movies that I've had trouble finishing
it's like alright so back to the real
story this is like this really awesome
movie that I started shooting in like
2011 in 2011 there was this crazy
snowstorm and we went out like filmed us
like look this is just goofing around in
the snow ready this is my friend Ariel
Schulman over here see him and then I'm
on top of the snow mountain in Times
Square and he is like ready look at that
so we went around doing this snow day
and we shot this amazing snow day in New
York City movie then to complement this
snow movie from four years ago last
summer we went out and we shot the same
movie like the same snow day movie but
we shot during like the hottest day
the year we went to Central Park and we
were all sweaty and hot there's rel
there there's Haley there's Louie who
gets started it with us
and we like we shot the same movie the
same scenes but we shot them when it was
super hot out oh this is me doing a
backflip
there's Haley I love summer um okay and
we just never finished that movie I
don't know why I've just never finished
it now that's like a silly easy movie to
not have finished on a much bigger level
and this this is why I am making this
video it's not because of a stupid snow
day movie it's because four years ago
now four years ago I went to Afghanistan
I went there with one of my closest
friends in the whole world a guy by the
name of Scott Campbell Scott is a tattoo
artist and he and I hatched this plan to
to travel to Afghanistan this was the
height of the war the height of the
surge to embed ourselves with some
soldiers in the battlefield and then to
just tattoo them and there's a million
stories behind this about what it took
to get into the country about like how
scary it was about how you sneak body
armor through Dubai so you can get it
into Afghanistan because the DoD won't
let you in Denison if you don't have
your own body armor and then kind of the
best part of the whole story is that we
succeeded we actually did it we embedded
with Special Forces and we spent a week
tattooing these guys there I'm in touch
with them to this day I made the movie I
made the movie several times I finished
it several times I have a doc on my
computer right here that's an hour long
it's great and I've never released it
and it's because I don't consider it
done the case with this movie in
particular is unique it's the fact that
like these guys got hurt over there
while we were there Jimmy one of the
soldiers was shot in the head while we
were there and I have a sense of
obligation to these guys to make this
something that really captures who they
are and what they're doing and I just
don't have the confidence in any of my
current edits that they do that and even
right now I'm working with
another editor a friend of mine who I
think is a much better storyteller than
I am and we're trying to make it the
movie that it should be but this is
something that keeps you up at night
this is a project that I've never
finished these are the guys being
embedded with here their apparel rescue
jumpers from Alaska Alaska 212 that's
Roger he is that the guy who was sort of
in charge this here this is Jimmy that
bandaid on his head is he was shot in
the head the day before this picture was
taken this is my friend Scott Campbell
that's me
that's Raj there and they had just taken
us up in the helicopter on a mission
that's Brandon they're goofing around
that's Scott giving him tattoos this is
funny this is Aaron one of the
pararescue jumpers and he wanted his
tattoo on his butt and this is Scott
giving him a tattoo on his butt feels
like someone's bumping in the needle in
the ass over and over again and I kind
of liked it I would like to say that
these guys the soldiers in the movies
they do have an edited version of it
that they watch that they love they're
thrilled with it I will finish this
movie I will release it I'll probably
put it on this YouTube channel and
honestly as silly as it sounds making
this vlog about it has sort of will help
move that process forward
I'm on my way home how does this picture
quality look this is shot on a new
camera I just picked up today
