what is that monster I wish there was a
way you could see scale so you could get
an idea how big that is it's got to be
like 6 feet tall it is enormous it's the
size of like a dolphins do these like
these reptilian marks oh it's terrible
looking no two ways about it
that is definitely a sea monster it's
disgusting it smells terrible
I really know what I was thinking but I
agreed to go run with my brother and my
friend in Central Park this morning so
I'm headed up there now but Central Park
is really far from here so it's like a
four or five mile run to get to where
I'm meeting them to start our run
at Central Park they're really really
late supposed to meet these boys 20
minutes ago
we'll be a miracle if they're there
waiting for me ah Dee nice to see you
Nev once again always killing it with
the outfit you just look great man
you
talking to her need how was it uh I
think I'm ready for the marathon I think
I'm ready I think such a I feel good I
don't know what you weirdos are doing
all right yeah hold still yeah
hold still I got it so taking the
picture all right good run deep stick
with it what kind of a week Grundy's
with my guys those guys are going to get
bacon egg and cheese sandwiches I have a
5-mile run home so
- a little over 16 miles 16.2 at an 804
pace kind of hurt this morning
Julia Candice
riding this thing in the street is just
impossibly dangerous it's so fast
way faster than have any business being
question answers time okay first I just
want to apologize ahead of time if the
like noise that's happening during this
Q&A is particularly egregious there's
construction happening that way
construction over there construction on
the other side of this wall construction
in the hallway first question Casey why
do you think you're ready to leave New
York City answer I literally and going
crazy because of the noise pollution in
this town there is no escape from it and
since they started shooting these vlogs
from like filming everything all the
time
it really just drives home how like
pervasive this incessant noise pollution
is okay first question that's not asked
by me Casey what's the worst purchase
you've ever made and why this thing
because I will break a hip on it okay
Dalton wants to know is your app going
to be free of course it is Carlos asks
what makes you proud of yourself okay
that's a weird way to phrase it but how
I have confidence in Who I am and the
decisions I make is that I have this
moral compass in life and it is like it
is a summation or an amalgam of
everything that I believe in everything
that I think is right and fair and just
in every decision that I make personal
private business every decision that I
make is made through the looking-glass
the perspective of my moral compass of
what I believe is right and what I
believe is wrong and if it's wrong I
don't make that decision I only make
decisions that I believe in and the
aggregate of that you do that over
enough time and it gives you a sense of
pride it gives you a sense of confidence
in in what you've done in life
Eli wants to know how has vlogging
helped you as a filmmaker anyone that
works in any creative field knows that
when there's no impetus to create it's
very hard to make something meaning like
without a deadline it's hard to actually
finish like that awesome platitude that
I love to preach without a goal you
can't score
so how logging has helped me as a
filmmaker it's forced me to make a new
movie every day and by doing that my
skills have improved by editing is
improved my confidence in my editing has
improved everything has been moved
forward because of this law because of
this like self-imposed daily deadlines
what is the hardest thing to learn how
to do or master when you start
filmmaking how to tell a story it's also
the only thing that matters when you're
making a movie is can you or can you not
tell a story if you can tell a great
story people will forgive everything bad
cinematography bad sound bad everything
people will forgive that if the story is
great adversely if the story's weak or
the story is not there it doesn't matter
how pretty it is it doesn't matter how
much money you spent on the fanciest it
no one gives a story is king
everything else is slaved to story
Wouter wants to know do you ever
critique your own work you know honestly
after I post these things I never watch
them so I don't know I try to look
forward
do you regret dropping out of high
school ah that's a tough one regret no
um I dropped out of high school because
I had no other option I had to get a job
I had to work I had to make a living to
support my child there were no other
options I couldn't move in with my
parents my parents didn't have any money
I literally had nowhere else to turn so
I had to become an adult right then and
there so regret is like a not a fair
classification of it I would have loved
to have continued my education but I had
no other choice every step every turn
every inflection point in my life has
made me who I am today and I'm very
happy I would be very happy life so it's
hard for me to look back and regret any
decisions so do I regret it no what I
recommend it absolutely not
stay in school don't do drugs Carlos
what's the meaning of life
Carlos existentialism is a very
dangerous thing ignore it
get back to work
do you ever get camera shy no Ethan can
you speak other languages ah beyond
Susie Paul say hey beyond just kidding
no why do you have a gay flag on your
desk well I have this pride flag as a
way of saying hello and welcome to my
LGBT viewers hello and welcome okay I
think I'm going to end today's Q&A
they're just ducking out of the office
now I had to leave the little segue
thing behind my ankles were starting to
hurt I'm on skateboard
