five a.m. run this morning with graham
here solid 10k sun's not even up yet
today is a tribal vlog look at that
thing beef little turret what's up man
yeah thank you
you have any cash on me so I left all my
stuff in it and the car race down here
get a bunch of cash out of the ATM so I
can hit my driver because you should
always keep your driver when they're
nice and that guy was super cool sorry
for the way that it Clinton's hard to
find Tokyo
QR Birmingham Alabama right now mated to
a blaze of Georgia and then connection
to Permian Alabama so in order to speak
at a big technology conference on swamp
tech I'm excited about that
plus I get to travel well family plus
you see the family before the end today
these are all great things very very
excited about this trip
Kawakami to Atlanta so local time 10:15
a.m. I'll see you later
punch refund and over here a little
dance off at the playpen to straight
she's really advancing 41 minutes for my
next flight takes off 41 next way to do
30 flights delayed 35 minutes to kill on
the airport
electronics store
plane boarding now getting on the second
flight you sit to sit and then I'm there
power
and powerful
I could be wrong about this I don't know
that I've ever actually been to the
state of Alabama before I don't I don't
think so that's me well you're missing a
key but that's me yeah nice that hey I'm
Casey hey I've never been in the great
state of Alabama I'm a guy selling a lot
to I don't I just don't I'm not sure
I've ever been here football game I
gotta get an Alabama football game we
live their lives grandma we kissed in a
field of wine and stars spell own
Alabama
let's make
I can't forget that now that's the event
poster charger for support bodyguard
everything cool out here pizza's here
man
so you think that I'll do the sliders
thing inside definitely right
it's photos bro yeah yeah oh I can
definitely fly a drone in this room
thank you alright let's see where do we
sit here with the fear I hid here is
like beautiful I'm putting you in my
video this is a tiki barber here's a
snap pinky box vegan tiki bar tiki
barber 51 deep people BP Barbara and I
wish I was as good of a runner why are
we in this um Winnipeg where are we
going right now
thanks for the lift we took that little
Vanda lunch it was good now we're back
here now it's like interview and then
they take some pictures of me and things
like that and then I go on stage Anu my
talk it's like when they bring you all
the way down for something like this you
do a lot in a short amount of time we do
interviews now
hmmm no my name's lures and marks what
up guys oh yeah tell me what this guy in
a very nice camera bit yeah um I'll see
you all very soon ox over I think it
went well
there's still people here we're doing a
little photo now with the team in
Birmingham this is like a VIP reception
that went after my talk I gotta go get
in the car go to the airport fly away
bye guys thank you for having me where
this brain come from no you brought it
if you brought it with you think we're
going to take off with this rain I hope
so
good to meet you keep it up there I
appreciate it I bought it so you get
rough with your business buying a new
car
take care
you tube that's Lily he is my limo
driver turns out he's sort of leading
that company there he's an entrepreneur
himself he's picking up a new car
tomorrow for his limo business I love
that attitude
oh we're super fans and we waited for
safety at the airport kids who are years
ago yes nice to meet you guys nice to
meet you don't steal my camera you're
recording my flight supposed to take off
I don't know if it's going to happen in
this rain maybe I'll make it hope you're
right
let's take off in 31 minutes there it is
that's our plane right there that's the
plane we've been waiting for
oh yeah the most perfect timing ever
Dallas ladies and gentlemen welcome to
the Big B Dallas Texas Dallas Fort Worth
International Airport I have one more my
fourth and final flight of the day
departs in 36 minutes which is a half an
hour delayed just like just got delayed
for another hour and a half that's two
hours of total delays how do I kill
another hour in this Airport
solid workout the flight is up boarding
up thanks gentlemen good morning welcome
to hot Angel Soft times 125 and that's
it for flying today nobody feels this
one little car I'd left knit that's it
for traveling for the day thank you well
that was officially a long day happy to
finally be home okay to fly my drone in
the lyrics no big deal though only
Friday doesn't really want to continue
this year
