do you see what's going on over here you
see the weirdest stuff in this town
ready that's awesome isn't it they don't
know if that girl is paid to be there
she's just enjoying the sprinkles
she is definitely enjoying the sprinkles
this morning we are doing a family photo
shoot we're going to Union Square and
someone sent your picture right what is
this photo shoot for
this is just the two of us yeah I mean I
can jump in you're not getting a picture
taken you want a family portrait I
thought this is a family portrait
situation can be but it's she I already
have a picture with her from her okay so
I guess this is a father-daughter photo
shoot last one bonus family shot plus
one bonus family shot I love this where
does he put his piano when he's not here
okay so what are we doing okay perfect
let's do it the fun fun thank you thank
you thank you thank you for everything
see you later
photo shoot is done my hair looks
amazing for this shoot can't ask we get
food I feel the exact same way Francine
trying to eat here but
uncle Dean's here
Dean everybody wants to know why you're
not in the vlog it's not by accident
Dean is single and we're looking for a
girl for him
needs a wife she needs to be what two or
five foot seven or a husband I know much
whatever you're into gene cute Oh
welcome to New York City Fred move long
day we're back home baby's asleep she's
asleep Kathy back
I wanted to sneak away from the house
for a minute and go to the studio well
and walk the dog I wanted to go to the
studio for a second and just talk about
my feelings about the Apple watch this
isn't like a formal review this is just
I would call this like Apple watch
initial impressions dink super fast
update I got an Apple watch like a day
and a half ago a lot of people have
asked me on Twitter and in the comments
below how I like it this is just let me
begin by saying I have this like crazy
Louboutin custom watch band made by
these guys in Montana the watch band is
incredible I'll link these guys below
they didn't pay me to say this about
them this is not like a paid endorsement
but it's a brilliant handmade leather
watch band and they make a million
different styles and they cost like less
than a lot of apples watch bands so I'm
psyched to have supported like two
American craftsmen rather than
supporting like some Factory in China
initial thoughts on the watch itself
and I'm going to say the good first and
then the bad so before you call me a
fanboy just like watch this whole thing
through first the good this sounds a
little ridiculous but it's a really good
watch like it feels good it's heavy I
like the way it looks and like when I
look at my watch it tells me the time
and that sounds like menial but that's a
really big deal
that all the technology doesn't get in
the way of that so it's a good watch -
the only thing I really use it for is
text messaging and for that it's amazing
it's really really good ahh 3 what also
I like about it let's see I like the way
it looks I like text messaging I like
how it tells me what time it is
and then just little stuff like skipping
songs when I'm at the gym besides that I
don't really know what else I like about
it but I do like it and I can see that
it's going to get good ok now the things
that I don't like about it there are a
lot of nonsensical inconsistencies in
this thing let me try to show you on the
watch it so I say it has these
nonsensical inconsistencies because ok
you swipe up and it has all these like
quick they're called glances quick
access apps here but the one app I use
the most text messaging I can't put here
ok that doesn't make any sense
second of all when I'm deep in an app
and I'm like done with my timer here
there's no button I can push to make it
go back to a clock I have to push this
button and then this button and then
this button and then I'm back here
that's kind of ridiculous um another
thing is like when I'm in text messages
I can scroll this little scroll wheel
and it lets me go through all my text
but when I'm in mail no amount of
scrolling does anything I have to use my
finger that doesn't make any sense
and there are a lot of inconsistencies
like that in in the function the general
functionality of this it just don't make
like a whole lot of sense
honestly it feels like a very uh napple
like the fact that everything's not like
smooth if I leave you a verdict on it
right now I would say if it requires you
saving up or if it's a major expense do
not get it there are so many better
things you could spend like 400 bucks on
than this like I really believe a new
cell phone has a really big impact on
your life this doesn't so buy a better
phone buy better computer put it towards
a computer buy a camera
those things will have like an actual
quantifiable impact on your life this
computerized watch won't that's it if
you have like an extra 500 bucks that
you were just going to spend on like
strippers or cocaine or something like
totally get it it's not a bad it's not a
bad Buy so if you're going to spend it
on jewelry or another watch like this is
definitely a super radical watch I hope
that was helpful
all right I'm going to go home now
because I'm sure the baby's awake and I
get back to it she's awake
