Candice just put it out what's going on
over here she said and I quote that's
disgusting
to which I replied what are you talking
about she said right there Casey those
two that's disgusting
does it bother you it is uh 7:30 on a
Saturday night and I didn't really vlog
today I didn't um I didn't do any of
like my normal vlogging I didn't really
do much of anything today well Francine
and I let Candace sleep in and we went
to Starbucks we're going to get some
Starbucks isn't that right Francine yeah
that's right Joanie
I really don't know why there are laws
that get these jackhammers like
all right what do you want to get
I'll get our usual double espresso she
really does smile this much she always
smiles then we went for like a good
old-fashioned father-daughter walk this
is old-fashioned father-daughter walk
then Candace and I brought Francine to
the park and there was a first we're at
the park with the baby she's about to go
into the swing - the first time it says
two to five year old Candace uh and that
was kind of it and I'm at home and I
realized it was seven o'clock almost
seven o'clock and I forgot to shoot a
vlog today and I thought for a second I
was like well maybe just I take the day
off and I thought instead why not make a
quick vlog which is what this is about
why I decided to vlog and it's a pretty
simple answer it's it's between starting
my new company and having a baby and all
these other responsibilities in life i I
really slowed down my filmmaking I
stopped making movies often because
there was always a really good excuse
not to make a movie just like today I
have a really great excuse why not to
make a vlog for today but if today is a
case study for why I'm doing this vlog
the purpose for me the need for me to
make a vlog every day is to keep a fire
lit under my ass to always do to always
create because if it's like make a vlog
when I can then it becomes this battle
between my want to do it and all these
great excuses that my brain can come up
with as to why I shouldn't do it and any
time there's an opportunity to embrace
excuses
I will always embrace the excuse rather
than actually executing on it so a daily
vlog means a daily vlog means a daily
vlog
and if I called it anything else like a
weekly vlog or three times a week blog
or anything but daily I might not be
creating on the same level that I'm
creating right now so that's why I
shifted my channel is because I needed
an impetus I needed something that
forced me to be creating all the time
that is what this channel now is and
that's what this vlog is all about and
right now I'm on the roof of my
apartment building because because
Candice is taking a nap and Francine
went to bed and I didn't want to go back
to the office it's also kind of amazing
up here just anecdotally the best part
of the roof is over here and I went up
there once and posted an Instagram
picture of myself up there and then we
got a fine from the building management
because I'm not allowed up there like a
very expensive fine so I have a bit of a
love-hate relationship with this roof
okay that's it that's Saturday's vlog
ah
