this is my this is a rise set because
it's closest to our snacks obviously
today's Friday which means it's pizza
for breakfast day this is never happened
to me before
dollar pizzas not open yet how am I
supposed to do now
ah that's so disappointing okay it's
Friday it's not pizza for breakfast eh
ah man what a way to start my day
nobody else is here yet the team at the
new company is up to nine people I think
and I'm usually never the first person
in the office somebody's been here
because the lights are on and
everything's all alive dude I think this
is it you know what it is you got my
Apple watch yes my brother you got two
Apple watches for me hmm you're a good
man the best the best the best
delivering to the best yeah right look
you guys that would begin alright take
care bye Marlon
okay so in my video where I
spray-painted an Apple watch gold that
was actually my friends I actually don't
have an apple watching it but then I
couldn't decide which one to get so I
got the girl size and the boys size and
they both showed up today the girl size
it's kind of the same size is my old
watch that does this look wimpy yeah my
wrist is huge but does this look wimpy
what do you think Evan wimpy so its
wimpy this is the most gentle unpacking
I've ever done except a male one of
these back bigger one so the bigger one
huh all right the big one it is now that
I have my Apple watch I have to
customize my Apple watch first up I like
to write my name on everything I own
show
still works
that worked well I think the Apple watch
is probably the most ostentatious watch
you can possibly buy so I think it
should have an equally ostentatious band
and this thing just isn't cutting it
so I have this guy called the strap
Smith in Montana hand-stitched me a
Louis Vuitton Apple watch band this is
made out of an actual old Louis Vuitton
handbag I feel like it's a little bit
more appropriate
I got it and I made it look really easy
in this video but the truth is I
completely screwed up taking apart this
watch which Apple specifically does not
want you to do they don't want you
putting your own loot on bands on their
watches and it's been like four hours
since I began this process they have
machine my own tools like this
screwdriver I actually had the machine
by using the Dremel to sharpen it and
then I had to hammer it into the screws
in the band and there to use a dremel to
cut away some of the Apple stainless
steel anyways
three hours later I got my watch I have
eight minutes to skate to Union Square
which is about 20 minutes away I thought
I had my bicycle I don't know where I
left my bike so I'm on skateboard
a friend of mine named Kim is an
instructor at soul cycle which is like a
really fancy spin class and she's in
town and she invited me to go to class
today for free so that's where I'm
headed to now Kim is a super interesting
girl I'll link her channel here here
here or something she um she's on that
TV show called The Amazing Race and she
might be the fittest human being I've
ever met all right this is it you know
the thing is with these selfies you
gotta be fast you gotta be fast
boop boop that's a good one right nice
to meet you take care
good to see you thanks for class you
look awesome by the way
you always look the same fun I'm feeling
good I'm feeling great hope to see you
again before Monday headed home now got
my new Apple watch and special guest the
poodle not that girl
