it's 6:00 in the morning listen to what
it sounds like outside of my bedroom
window
this has been going on for an hour
so on today's vlog I want to tell a
story and I want to tell a story for a
couple reasons the main reason being
that I'm not doing anything interesting
today or vlog worthy so I need something
to fill up the next five minutes but
also this is a story I've never told
before those are all my old photo albums
up there so this story happened in I
want to say 1990 let's see I was like
fifteen years old
1997 I couldn't find my 1997 photo album
all I could find was this one this is my
mom's photo album from 1996 but it will
help sort of show you what I looked like
before this story that's me Disney World
with my Nana and my little brother okay
that's me surfing in Maine ah that is me
that's my big brother van that's us
riding unicycles these are non motorized
unicycles as I get towards kind of the
end of this album there are no pictures
of me because this was when I ran away
from home and that's what my story's
about I made a movie called draw my life
that's like the whole biography my whole
biography it's a really great movie I'm
super proud of it but there's a whole
scene in it that we didn't use because
the movie was too long so I want to use
a piece I'm gonna use that scene for
this story here's what happened first a
tiny bit of context I was 15 years old I
had gotten in a fight with my mom I got
into a bunch of trouble at school I ran
away from home
I moved from Connecticut to Virginia
where my brother van was in college and
I like got a job there now I wanted to
go to school there I wanted to go to
high school I was in tenth grade I was
my sophomore year of high school but in
order to be in high school you have to
be a resident of the state of Virginia
in order for me to be a resident my
legal guardian had to also live in the
state the only person of legal age then
was my brother Van I was 15 he was 21
the only option we had was for him to
adopt me we scheduled a day in court in
Van and I had to go literally in front
of a judge like I don't like Judge Judy
or whatever and we had to petition we
deplete our case now to set the stage a
little bit more we were both wearing
suits that we had bought at the
Salvation Army for like $5 the day
before but definitely didn't fit us on
top of that about a week prior we
thought it was a smart idea for us to
bleach our hair so we both had like
really obnoxiously white hair and we're
wearing cheap suits from the Salvation
Army see Virginia that's me that's my
brother van and this this is us in court
and that's the judge I just fixed my
white balance if all the shots before
this were Orange I'm sorry I fixed it
though so we pleaded our case to the
judge which was like a pretty honest
which was a pretty honest case but I
think the fact that the only reason why
we were trying to do this was so I could
go to school was something that she took
pity on a little bit
she empathize with so I just I just
remember her saying vividly against my
better instincts I will grant this and
just like that my brother van my 21 year
old brother van adopted me and he was my
legal guardian immediately after she
like granted us the guardianship or
whatever we left the courtroom as we
were supposed to do and we went outside
and this was when I was like you know I
was just like a confused kid so I was
still smoking cigarettes then and we
went outside and van was like lighting
my cigarette and just as he was lighting
my cigarette
the judge walks out of her chambers or
whatever and I just remember her like
looking over at us making eye contact as
I'm like and my new legal guardian is
like and she looks us and shakes her
head and that that's what's going on
that's exactly what's going on here this
is a judge that's my big brother that's
me he's letting my cigarette as we're on
our way to the car and she's just like
what have I done that was sort of the
story of my teenage years so that's it
that's the whole story that I wanted to
share the epilogue to that was after all
of our effort and ban adopting me I then
got my girlfriend pregnant and we had to
move back to Connecticut and I never got
to finish high school but for that
moment there was like six months of my
life where my big brother van was my
like adopted parent okay hope you like
that story
