this is definitely Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles look at this crazy set I was
wondering why they had all these lights
up this afternoon this is awesome
what's your name I'm sure here Kahn I'm
from Dallas Texas nice to me usually he
returned from Dallas Texas by
mail time
yeah I don't know who's that this city
but thank you
thank you
sweetie thanks pennyboard this thing's
awesome
yo thank you for the socks
yo bread chocolate
that was actually a really tight squeeze
I haven't spent any one-on-one time with
Candice in the last um like two weeks
I'm going up to me with her now we're
doing a little work project together
which should be fun I'm excited are you
ready yes you're back yes that's kind of
elephant everyone's seen that where are
we going uptown
Midtown what's in Midtown diamonds
you want to make out alright so correct
me if any of what I'm saying is nonsense
this is the diamond district of New York
City this is like where a lot of the
diamonds come in and out of the USA
right it's also really really gnarly and
an interesting side note about this
place is there are people walking around
with pockets full of life hundreds of
thousands of dollars of the gold and
diamond a lot of them are armed to
protect themselves right so you don't
like you don't mess with anybody on
these blocks you keep your head down and
do your thing
this is Candace's world this is how she
does her jewelry where are we going mr.
Jane who's he he sells stones diamonds
buddy call them stones he sells more
than diamonds so you say stone so it's
much more general
we were not able to disclose the
location of this office for security
reasons right do you good good man we
were talking about champagne baguette go
to let me see what you have very pretty
does it bullets you know these are
baguettes to die in the street yeah but
can you see if 20.9 see I keep the backs
like that but the millimeter side is I'm
just worried that if we get my orders
for multiples it's going to turn into a
pain in the ass trying to get the ones
that fit mm-hmm
goodbye thank you hi we're trapped in
here it's like a lock it's like a I feel
like we're doing something criminal in
there didn't you that was like a really
nice place
really what are we going to this are we
going to a scarier place now
what is this crazy tunnel got yelled at
for filming yeah yeah yeah security came
in and they're like no filming in here
I'm sure this is a crazy part of New
York City what
whoa look at this guy holy Sh
you feel many guns heck I have Candace
just almost bought a solid 18 karat gold
Rolex why I didn't thank God she didn't
I should always be up here with you
there's a trick you can do to get on the
subway after the doors and close which
is climb over this and then climb over
the second fence and then go in through
the emergency door it's really stupid
and really dangerous but when I was
young right
Oh
