it's freezing and it's raining out fine
all right I'm going running this morning
with my friend Scott Campbell
he's the person I traveled to
Afghanistan with where we tattooed a
bunch of soldiers in the middle of the
war I also made a movie about him which
I'll link right here looks got up he's a
really amazing brilliant artist and a
super interesting guy
Scott Campbell good to see you sir about
our once a year run yeah are you
breaking out here yeah do you good to
see you
alright guys I'll talk to you soon good
again tomorrow all right that was just
under seven miles at a six um 651 pace
great to see Scott here's the thing I
don't even want dollar pizza right now I
literally don't not hungry I don't want
dollar pizza but I happen to have four
quarters in my hand which are really
annoying in my pocket so really it's
just more of a pragmatic decision than a
diet r1 or something out of hunger
what's up man myself with you well pizza
right yeah I have something to admit
here why don't you get me so I have been
getting dollar pizza for breakfast
almost every day for the last four
months it's really good it is so it is
so hard not to complain about the
weather when it's like this outside see
there's like this there's like this
unspoken deal that you have here in the
Northeast that you put up with like the
terrible freezing cold winter so when
June 2nd rolls around it's warm outside
and it's been like 55 degrees in raining
poor little Francine we had to put her
in her winter jumpsuit today okay it's
q8 ah there's something I want to show
you okay in like 2002 or 2003 have this
gigantic pickup truck and I was also
really into tap dancing at that point in
my life so I have this license plate
made this is the real my real license
plate
my friend Keller just found this and
sent this to me so that says it says tap
mother
all right okay now it's actually Q&A
time I was watching last week and it
seemed kind of annoying that like I'm
always staring at my phone so I'm
bringing my laptop back so I can just
glance at my laptop then answer your
questions questions questions questions
Nicole asks how do you get yourself out
of a rut work work is the answer to a
lot of problems it cures depression
heartbreak all those things you just
when you're in a bad place I bury myself
with work the progress and the physical
activity and the brain distraction it
like breaks me out of anything Silas
wants to know how would you suggest that
one earns money for camera gear get a
job how does anyone earning you work
sorry that was like me get a job chin
wants to know why is Malcolm X a hero to
you Malcolm X is like is my hero because
the guy went to prison as a total
degenerate as a proper criminal he
deserved to go to jail and while in jail
all he did was educate himself and when
he came out he came out as this great
strong maybe one of the greatest
communicators of the civil rights
movement in him being like this I think
the sort of quintessential autodidact is
something that's tremendously inspiring
for me because you know I'm a high
school dropout I never went to college I
never went to school and when I was
younger a gigantic insecurity of mine
was my lack of education and looking at
someone that had impact on this world as
tremendous as Malcolm X and realizing
that he he also didn't have an education
he just he took it upon himself to
educate himself that's moving for me and
that's all without getting into the
actual impact that he had in this world
and what he did which is which is
tremendous but I identify with him
personally because of that journey
BIRT wants to know and this is like Bert
from Bert and Ernie his avatar is Bert
can you tell us anything about your new
business is it a product or is it a
service uh it's it's an app we're
building an app it's awesome and as I've
said like a gazillion times I promise to
get into every single detail of what
we're doing as soon as I can
on this vlog this vlog will be like the
mouthpiece the loudspeaker for for what
we're making just not yet I still like
that King patent application still
hasn't been filed and there's like near
yet other concerns that are like gumming
up us talking about it but soon I
promise
I like this question Bosco wants to know
divided into percentage these factors to
reach success natural talent luck and
determination natural talent is highly
overrated
it's determination determination
determination and then like luck and all
that other education all that's like
it's not even the same PyCharm cat this
sim kathy san Katzen cath it katha sin'
do you want your son to follow your
footsteps no I just want the kid to be
happy I'm very happy I just wanted to
find happiness and what however that
might manifest Lisa Lynette do you have
any major insecurities I don't know
maybe maybe not
I'm too busy for insecurities like
they're just a distraction if I do have
any I've ignored them for so long
they've gone away Soren brine Holt
honest question why are you always
wearing sunglasses ah because when
you're cool the Sun shines on you 24
what's it because when you're cool the
Sun shines on you 24 hours a day
what movie is that from why do you wear
sunglasses at night because when you're
cool the Sun Shine on you 24 hours a day
we
Louis Michael Morgan who looks like he's
about 13 years old asks are you an ass
or boob kind of guy
well Louis that's not a very nice
question but if I had to answer and I
mean this it's like the prettiest girl
in the world really stops being pretty
if she's not interesting the flip of
that is like a super interesting girl is
attractive no matter what she looks like
so I don't know why I think Candace is
such an outrageous babe just she's like
funny and fun and holds my attention and
I love hanging out with her bastard ah
Cameron wants to know what do you think
about going to college
ah this is more of like a universal
answer about college or life in general
but it's like the path you take to
success or happiness in life can have a
gazillion different manifestations I
dropped out of high school in the 10th
grade and like went on welfare and got a
job washing dishes because I had to I
had to support my my baby like I had no
other options but that is what led me to
what I'm doing today
I couldn't have predicted that and I
think that what college is really
incredible for is if you don't know what
to do college can be a really great
place to find that and that's not just
the academic aspects but also the social
aspects being around new people like
living away from your parents house
being exposed to all the sort of
different cultural aspects of being a
melting pot that is like that is a
college but I also think that the price
of college is insanely expensive and
before you drop a couple hundred
thousand dollars on it on school you
know money is fungible like how else
could you spend that money and what will
take you further in life but in general
I have I have nothing bad to say about
education in any capacity okay I get to
stop finally that is whether the same I
monitor that was like 19 minutes of
questions and I just edited down to
however long it is right now so I do
these these two days are like they there
I do a lot of them I just try to cut it
down to make
interesting state o'clock I'm heading
home it's still raining it's been
raining for 72 straight hours the entire
state of California has no water and
it's been raining here for 72 hours
