la may la may la May overdoses Malone
giggles / o√ß lagoon
giggles in our Portugal ladies and
gentlemen we have just melted methadone
as their fourth Elizabeth please remain
seated with your seatbelt fastened until
the sign is turned off so that's why a
little much
alone a guarded vulva no see hello
giggles I want to compliment this
Airport on one thing that they did
perfectly which is the climate the
airport should always be a little colder
than they need to be because your hop
and dragging your bags around this place
perfect nah man you don't have like a
normal lounge to have this loud vinet
showers you're ready to paint
the showers free write a paper towel
short story long take Magette work I am
showered I'm said a healthy food but
Airport healthy food so it's like my
next flight within one hour
my flight website was just delayed they
just announced it totally cool totally
cool
it's no elevator get a carrier bags on
three places ports at all I just want to
say it's been a fun two hours
good morning ladies and gentlemen
silence we would like to welcome you
abroad for your confidence as you please
so the luggage labels we directed
another small items and then opinions on
the US and Israel one or two hour flight
quick flight then the whole travel thing
is done
now I'm in Bologna we have this weather
that month I am boy big boy yeah boy
drumming typically - result of Matilda's
money setup but stick around there's TV
sure there translate without a twist on
the one I'm driving I'm driving in Italy
none of the road signs making sense
Google Maps does not make any sense in
Italy ah here's a tunnel supporting the
global map sherry how about an hour and
five minutes until I get to my
destination
I'm pretty I'm in Italy though I
love it here I understand my time in
Italy never been to Bologna you only get
to go to a new place for the first time
once in your entire life and then every
time thereafter it's not new anymore
this is my first time ever here okay hey
I found the hotel
this is Tuscany never been to test me
well
thirteen Roldan so you're in Tuscany I'm
sure in Italy very special I'm here for
a very good friend of Mines wedding she
and her fiance are getting married
tomorrow
tonight's like the dinner for it and got
am i excited you're looking it out
that's why you see it's raining out
right now I only have a half an hour but
I'm still going to try and get a couple
of quick miles in go if you're running
short done and I got my shoes on so
let's look the effort in yeah it's
raining it's coming down care about 35
minutes 35 mission up time for tea
vietato
londres Oh a to toll a persona non a
trois
I think that means don't go here Casey
yeah I don't know where I am
two miles out I took the trails and then
one thing led to another
okay I'll figure this out private
property private property I got nothing
I have no idea I'm legitimately late now
and proper lost every place looks like
the same trail up and then down and then
left and then right
nothing looks familiar rounded up out by
day hearing my new shades I was a little
more Italian while in Italy what do you
think
the gist of the trip was a wedding for
somebody old friend of mine is be very
very close with the anything in touch
mode spread and that's why I wasn't
going to go and I decided the last
minute I was so so happy I went down
there I said the day before the wedding
like spending time with friends at the
pool and then the wedding itself was I
go I'm really not too tonight I want you
to see how big this taken I need someone
to stand next to a for scale they
they're the biggest cake I've ever seen
thank you
I felt it when I saw it I felt like the
wedding party walk out like there's a
fantastic night ladies and gentlemen
planted after night enemy Air Force in
New York please remain seated with your
fifth on soccer field - checked off
let's check around this treatment sure
that you around back in New York
supposedly with you all right
I thank that lady
