this crazy card only had three wheels
three wheels on that car
three wheels
whoa
water
No
ready baby's asleep
Candace's mom is there watching her for
the next couple of hours Candice is
still away her mother's here to help me
for for the rest of the night right now
I'm sneaking across town to go grab the
car
there's my car thank you my man
good good thank you on top of paying
like whatever it is a gazillion dollars
a month to park your car here if you
want them to have it ready for you have
to also tip them figure my favorite take
care I'm currently headed upstate a
couple days ago I posted a vlog about
climbing this gigantic scary mountain in
South America my mountain climbing
partner a guy by the name of Graham he's
like one of my closest friends in the
whole world he's getting married this
summer and his bachelor party is this
weekend
upstate the bachelor party is like an
all weekend long hiking and like skeet
shooting and like a very civilized
mature bachelor party this is not like a
hangover strippers and blow kind of
weekend these guys are much more
civilized than that I'm just going to go
for a few hours tonight and then come
back just to say hello what can I tell
you about my friend Graham he's a
risk-taker but he's a different kind of
risk-taker than me I mean he won't
hesitate to charge up a twenty three
thousand foot tall mountain don't get so
close to him doing videos beyond that
like when he was I think 29 years old he
ran for Congress John we're here with
Graham V Z he is a candidate for the
ninth congressional district
good morning Graham thank you for being
here and he didn't win but he put up a
serious fight again some major major
incumbents and he shook things up in
Cleveland I'm running for Congress
because it's broken
and it's going to be fixed by a fresh
face not two incumbents who have been
politicians for combined 70 years on top
of that like he and I have have had some
wild adventures we've woken up in the
jungle of Tanzania grand show me the
distance we just covered okay we started
right here and ran for where are we now
here so we're halfway there in three
hours
yeah we've jumped off a huge waterfall
together I think I was in South Africa
all right we're good
he's somebody that I couldn't be more
proud to call a friend I'm excited to
see him if I ever get there traffic is
not cool right now okay about 40 minutes
from the place stopping for a quick
refuel I did pick up a present for
Graham like a bachelor's party present
check this out that's the good stuff
also check out this car
almost there I am one point four miles
away from my destination I didn't
realize just how rural of a place this
was all right this is it beretta
shooting grounds I don't think I've
mentioned this yet but I didn't tell
anyone that I was coming not to be
theatrical I just didn't tell them so I
wasn't sure if I was gonna actually make
it so they're not expecting me I don't
know what this is Park next to this
carne going find out I do see Grahams
dad a good friend of yours Casey nice
Ted it's Suzie I'm talking about just a
it way and great your gram gram doesn't
know he's here where are the hookers
guys oh I didn't think you did
you're really going in there good have
you seen that movie stand by me don't
you know about leeches yeah the leeches
is belief I worry about you're more
concerned with the rattlesnake yeah and
the hawk
good luck in there wow what a throw
alright pull your pants down let's see
how many leeches you have on with it and
now I'll go up first
so would you recommend it to the less
the group cram a super refresh
Wow
Graham how's your bachelor party weekend
going thus far it's wonderful and what
would you say has been sort of the
highlight of the whole the whole thing
so far
yeah with pals easy I got to go h3 bait
oh good to see you buddy
happy birthday man hope this is the best
birthday party you've ever had I mean
bachelor party I know I was up here for
some party take care guys I see Mike
good to see you okay I gotta go so sir
all right so we'll see you Nagasaki in
Texas
yeah of course Marfa all right gentlemen
have fun safe trip don't get too crazy
tonight thank you yeah you know good to
see you good to see you
you know I'm gonna miss it man have fun
night laughs I will do
