okay I'm in the wrong store thank you
yeah that is the woman's store I need to
go to the men's store morning I'm like
six miles into my run or some somewhere
uptown one of the things about running
in this in this city is that if you have
to go to the bathroom it's almost
impossible so I'm on this like permanent
search for places to take a leak and
this morning I might have found my
favorite place to covertly pee in New
York City
you just stand right there and then you
pee and no one notices you
Oh Kevin half miles at a 7:36 pace
really into this summertime in New York
City business all right I'm gonna go to
work have a good day have a good day
today's Friday Friday is the most
frustrating day of the week for me it
means the week's over just like every
other week I probably didn't get done as
much as I'd hope to get done you coming
to lunch don't walk okay can I have the
roast chicken sandwich new lunch spot
today burger I see you went to the dark
side Jack and got cheeseburgers instead
of our healthy quinoa Yeah right
absolutely reeks of piss outside right
now there's some kid hovering by my
bicycle something tells me you don't
want to talk to me anyway I've got a
race uptown now for a fitting I'm very
late and I set this camera up so skid
I'll just come talk to me and it'll be
on camera
hey good how's it going good then good
luck my bike hold on I was invited to
another one of these fancy parties and I
don't have any clothes for it so they're
sending me to a designer right now who's
going to like put me in some handsome
clothes for a party that I'm going to on
Monday night
I could probably just wear my own
clothes to these things but they offer
to have somebody dress you like someone
who's really good at picking out clothes
for you how do you say no to that I
don't know the legalities of riding a
bike through the Grand Central Station
passage but I know it's a lot of fun
I've never done it with a camera before
yes this should be interesting
I'm currently on 53rd Street and I'm
supposed to be on 72nd Street making
progress
whoa this part of the city uptown this
place is like a foreign land for me I
come here exactly
never this is now where I'm headed see
how this goes hey done okay cuz your
security your security looks like
they're gonna they're about two seconds
away from cutting my throat what is
expected of me at this thing I mean I
don't think it's too fancy I think it's
pretty casual for the most part um I
want to look like I'm from the future
I'm going to see size-wise with Miss
Bobbye okay so yeah we would treat it
but I think in general it's a pretty
good fit and then we oh we can also just
go throughout a very classic tux well
that's a pink without I think I don't
know I love the peak for you I don't
know if I love the peak either I don't
even know her peak is so far this is
going pretty well I haven't decided on
what to wear yet but I'm digging the
options
this is the fanciest dressing room I've
ever been in I think this is probably
better than the white right yeah it's
just really elastic and yes chic and
sharp plus it matches my sunglasses okay
should I take off these clothes now yeah
we're good okay I'm gonna close this
door goodbye ladies thank you for
everything
um are you gonna be there no I will not
be there but I mean in pictures is there
in spirit like that goes yes exactly
okay when they ask me who I'm wearing I
just mentioned both of you by name right
okay bye guys
alright guys have you have fun with your
Apple watch Matt I will later Jacob
position it's pretty late it's a quarter
after 8:00 right now I really wanted to
get home earlier today but today was
just a crazy day you know ninety percent
of my time now during the day sitting at
my desk working that'll make more sense
when I do another like let's talk
business update which I plan on doing
very soon because I am tremendously
excited to share on this vlog what I'm
doing in my new company and I know
that's long overdue but it will happen
soon and I hope it'll all make sense
then until then I'm going home and I
hope the baby's away oh don't tell mommy
I kissed a
