you got a lot of fans on the internet
you got a lot of fans I owe you I do owe
you Marlon someone interesting is
meeting me at my office this morning I
don't know him
never met him before but this is his
legacy ready he took the most liked
picture in the history of Instagram
that's kind of amazing 2.5 million likes
you took this photo I did I did exactly
exactly a year ago today is that right
yeah
yeah I guess so yeah take how do you be
in a position to take the most liked
Instagram photo honestly I have no idea
it just happened I got asked the day
before the wedding do you know uh Kim
and Kanye never met them before that
before were they happy with your
pitarrio day yet they're very happy and
I spoke to Kim after a few weeks after
and she was very very happy how has it
impacted your career a lot I'm now the
guy that took the most like forever on
Instagram so people know who I am now in
the industry and still fit got my name
out there my cameras are all charged all
ready to go as it wasn't and I was out
the door hey Greta
yeah oh yeah papi could I see yeah oh
yeah looks great there's a bunch of it
awesome man thanks for being fast you
are you're good
Connor so good to meet you you too
thanks for coming by yeah I hope to see
you soon
little dick look like weed out here
fellas too long smile dude Steve idols I
believe have fun with Calvin Harris will
there see laughs see you later
one of my favorite things about what I
do for a living is that I always get to
meet interesting new people
oh Jesus you wanna try and ride it down
the hallway sure it looks dangerous it's
very dangerous
all right good luck going you can do it
before that even I don't think that's
your problem okay just a full disclosure
Conor the photographer and Owen on the
unicycle that that happened yesterday
but I couldn't fit it in yesterday as
long so I thought I'd put in today's
vlog but since today's vlog doesn't play
until tomorrow anyways does it matter
that yesterday's content is in today for
tomorrow's vlog I can't keep track of
this stuff
all right which which of these lenses is
preferable this one or where's this lens
better like that's a little bit go with
the other one okay pretty usual every
Tuesday afternoon is Q&A time where you
guys tweet me questions post questions
below email questions whatever and I try
to answer them here we go
Connor wants to know can you imagine
living working somewhere that isn't New
York in the future
totally Candace and I talked a lot about
moving to Los Angeles I think I've
mentioned that in this vlog before maybe
not Tilman wants to know what was your
first camera and when did you get it
hold tight gentlemen this was my first
video camera that's what it looks like
it's broken in every which way it was
like $1,700 and it was so expensive I
couldn't pay for it with one credit card
I had to use multiple credit cards all
of which I maxed out to buy this thing
Nina question from my dad who's a new
fan
welcome Nina's dad what has been your
biggest failure ah Nina's dad I made a
whole vlog called my biggest failure
here I'll link it for you right here
save me a whole bunch of Lin asks what's
your opinion on bullying when I don't
know that people can have an opinion on
bullying people are either unequivocally
against bullying or people are wrong
I loathe bullying I can't stand bullying
hurt people hurt people as and if
someone is hurt then they'd make it
their mission to hurt other people and
that's who bullies are when someone
bullies me by saying something malicious
in the comments or wherever I just block
them from this YouTube channel I want
them out of my life and I think that's
that's kind of an analogy for life in
general if someone is negative if
someone is a bully to stay as far away
from them as possible and something that
my big brother van used to say which is
really true and really harsh their life
is their punishment if someone is really
negative believe me when I say they'll
have
horrible life ahead of them and that
horrible life is their punishment for
being such a negative hurtful person how
would you feel if Owen got a girl
pregnant that's a weird question
Elizabeth wants to know are you a Taylor
Swift fan of course I'm a Taylor Swift
fan what kind of a monster isn't a
Taylor Swift fan Aiden asks if you go
back in time what advice would you give
your 20 year old self don't listen to
anyone that's what I'd tell myself do
you think it's better to plan out your
future all the way through or just play
it by ear and see what happens I
apologize if I've said this in the vlog
before I can't remember and this also
isn't my original idea someone else told
this to me but it's great it was a great
piece of advice that I'm happy to share
I believe in something called the Tarzan
method and what that means is you are
Tarzan me Tarzan starting on this side
of the jungle your goals your dreams
your aspirations they're the other side
of the jungle and there's no straight
line through the jungle you know let me
do an animation point here the Tarzan
method what that means is your Tarzan
your fear and you want to get the other
side of the jungle here ideally there's
this straight line but when you find in
life what I found in life this is
non-existent this straight line here is
a unicorn it doesn't exist instead you
reach and you grab on to whatever the
vine you can grab on to and you swing
and that vine might carry you in this
direction which doesn't feel like the
right direction of your goal but it does
get you a little bit closer and then you
grab onto another vine it swings you all
the way over here a little bit closer
and then you swing in this direction and
in this direction in this direction in
this direction in this direction in this
direction and eventually you make it to
where you want to be but the beauty of
the Tarzan method the ton of the magic
of being open-minded in your pursuit is
that like these unknowns like where it
might take you that you didn't imagine
that's usually where you find something
that is actually what your goals are
I don't believe that there is a straight
line between where you are and where you
want to be in life ever not with family
not with romantic interest and
especially not your career so an
open-mindedness even if it looks like
this will yield results and outcomes
that otherwise would have been
unforeseeable okay I'm ending the Q&A
Derrick's 2,000 degrees in this office
because the air conditioning because the
air conditioners broken Candace just
texted me she's only had her nails done
this evening so dad's in charge of baby
bath and putting the baby to bed I love
these nights
