all right now I want to tell a story
this is a story that I've been meaning
to tell that I've wanted to tell for a
really long time in life there's there's
risk and there's recklessness and risk
is always okay risk is always meant to
be pursued but recklessness is really
dangerous and really stupid and should
always be avoided but the two are really
close and like from afar they're very
hard to tell apart this story is of the
time that I cross the line from risk in
direct lessness and this is probably the
only time in my life where I've ever
felt like I lost control and when I say
I lost control
you know I'm somebody who's like I've
jumped out of an airplane in Israel
I've jumped into a sinkhole in the
Middle East
I flew in an attack helicopter over
Afghanistan
I got hit by a car and shattered my leg
in 27 places and I've crashed more
motorcycles and honestly I can keep
track of but this is the only time we're
looking back at it really examining it I
realize how stupid it was honestly I
think that I made it out of there that I
survived by like by a thread one of my
closest friends in the whole world is a
guy by the name of Graham Graham VC is
freaking the fuck out
in 2007 graham and another friend and my
brother in me we all climbed Mount
Kilimanjaro in Tanzania it was super
awesome like Mount Kilimanjaro is it was
fun it was exciting I climb it in
sneakers and though it's like a little
bit dangerous it's not a particularly
hard climb it was great that we had fun
than Kilimanjaro but after that Graham
and I got to talking and we thought it
wasn't enough of an accomplishment or of
a challenge for guys like us
that is like reckless individuals with
very little forethought we wanted
something more ambitious so Graham and I
made the somewhat rash decision to climb
a mountain called Aconcagua aconcagua
was the tallest mountain in the southern
hemisphere it's the tallest mountain in
the world outside of the Himalayas with
just about zero preparation and no
training Graham and I packed up a bunch
of gear we flew to T Leigh and we headed
to the mountain just got to Santiago
Chile now aconcagua is twenty two
thousand eight hundred and forty-one
feet tall that's high it's not a really
technical mountain you don't need ice
axes or crampons or like ropes or
anything you just go up that said it's
an incredibly dangerous Mountain I'm
sitting at a computer right here and I
typed in definite incog wa January 2009
that is days after we were there five
climbers died I mean that was literally
days after we had left the mountain I
can't describe how excited we were we
had nothing but like an unbridled
enthusiasm when approaching the mountain
there was this moment when I saw the
actual mountain for the first time we've
been hiking for like three days and it
was the first time where we could see
like an unobstructed view of what we
were about to ascend and that was the
first time I was a little bit scared
our goal wasn't just to climb the
mountain we wanted to summit the
mountain do it with no porters that is
no one to help us carry our hundred plus
pounds of gear up the mountain and no
guide no one to show us the way for fun
we also brought no GPS just a map and a
pencil we're at sixteen thousand seven
hundred and fifty feet
check out the view outside of our tent
you can see the curvature of the earth
from here it's pretty amazing
you also can't see how bad it smells in
this test because they had Jamaican
barbecue chicken for dinner yeah and we
had pad thai two days ago and leftovers
were left in the tented baked for the
last two days here's where the stupidity
kicks in Graham and I were both like
really narrow focused individuals and
when we set our minds to something we
stopped at nothing to achieve it put two
people like that together and put them
at the foot of an incredibly dangerous
mountain and that's a horrible
combination my brain's gonna explode my
head hurts
my eyeballs are swollen my neck hurts I
don't want to do anything I just want I
just want the pain to stop and I have
another 8,000 feet to go we had this
mantra that we kept repeating that was
summit or bust as in at all cost we were
making it up this mountain there was no
showering and it took us like a week to
get to base camp alone so this next
round of footage this is when we started
to climb from base camp to the summit we
don't really look great
we're lost not about 21,000 feet it's a
funny place to be lost and above 20,000
feet there are no helicopters there's no
rescue squad you are on your own it's
4:15 in the morning on Christmas morning
about 21,000 feet it's about 15 below
out and we have to wake up now
and Joe summit the Beast everything is
caked in this ice and it drips down on
you Merry Christmas on Christmas Day
2008 it was summit day we're 37 minutes
into our summit push and we're watching
the Sun Rise over the Andes and we are
literally over the Andes
now you have this thing called
turnaround time and that means no matter
what at this time of the day you turn
around I think ours was like 2:00 p.m.
and ideally we would summit prior to
that time and start climbing down but if
had we not summited no matter what you
turn around at your turnaround time
right there we're so close to summit but
I keep like blacking out I think it's
from the altitude we're both hurting
pretty bad I've never been anywhere near
this altitude but the part that hurts
the most the summit is right there we're
gonna do it we're gonna go for it we're
gonna go for it around the world not to
two hours past turnaround time we hadn't
made it we're so close to summit so
close just wish it would stop snowing so
far away
sumit is right there now the title of
this video the title of this vlog
episode is the day I almost died and
that's not hyperbole that is literally
what happened in these moments I have no
memory of what happened then I only have
this footage and what I what I remember
explicitly was being so tired that I
wanted to go to sleep I wanted to lay
down on that mountain and go to sleep
had I done that who knows what would
have happened but I don't know that I
would have woken up if I had taken a nap
at 22,500 feet with no energy no water
no food no oxygen and no one to help me
down this is the hardest thing I've ever
done I can't breathe but I would never
be able to live with myself if I didn't
go for it so I have to take every ounce
of energy I have in my body I've got to
get to that fucking summit it was that
moment that I felt like I had crossed
that line in a really profound way it
was that moment that I felt like closer
to not making it than any other time in
my life that wasn't me summit of the
tallest mountain in the southern and
western hemisphere across
we summited we shouldn't have we should
have turned around but we summited and
for the first time ever right now I
honestly don't know what the fuck I was
thinking and we both sort of made it
down in okay shape Graham took one
really bad fall that I thought I thought
he was seriously injured but he was he
was fine Graham just fell off a cliff
and was laying facedown no idea what
happened to him I think he tried to
slide down it and just ended up going
tits up and we were beaten to hell I
don't know what my middle name is I
couldn't tell you my social security
number I think there might be an eight
and it barely speak I did summon it but
at what cost
my god when we like naively stupidly
left to climb that mountain a lot of
people were like there's no trance in
fact it's the only time that I remember
in my whole life where my brother
doubted me he didn't think I would make
it and I would say like that's what
drove me to tax Lee summit I put that as
like me being reckless in order to prove
something that ultimately doesn't matter
when you compare it to your health or
your safety or your life there is one
super cool detail which is aconcagua was
in the southern hemisphere and the only
taller mountains in the world in the
himalayas that is their winter so no
one's climbing in the Himalayas then so
at 4:06 p.m. on Christmas Day 2008
Graham and I were literally standing
taller than any other human beings on
planet Earth
because we were at the top of the
tallest climbin
at that very moment at that very day and
that's a pretty amazing legacy to have
and that is what Graham VC taking your
looks like
