this is just it don't be dramatic
come on this is this is just a test we
have to pop these without like our hand
entering frame so Jack's suggestion was
the staple gun which is either genius or
idiotic so
I still run every morning I've just run
run out of interesting ways to videotape
my same run on the same route every day
so that's why these runs have not been
appearing in this vlog this guy right
here that's Peter Dinklage from Game of
Thrones eleiza and this girl right here
is Lindsay my running partner
let's go north cuz a fleet week we can
see the boats
let's go see the boats it's a tank on
the west side highlight yeah
have you ever seen an armored personnel
carrier on the Westside Highway
thank god no so exciting okay keep
running oh yeah
just taking a quick pause one of my
favorite triathlons is the New York City
triathlon but it's a race I will never
do again because it requires you to swim
in the Hudson River beautiful River and
that's the water
Lindy til next time safe run home but
eleven point seven miles at a 750 pace
and there at the Hangout Lindsey strong
run today
you're about to see some skateboard
footage that was not shot on this thing
this is the stabilizer I use the other
day so expect shaky rocky normal-looking
skateboard footage
you might remember this place from the
Mother's Day vlog you thank you for my
balloon this is my favorite store in New
York City by the way was that good
okay I won't edit that out I promise I
was in the last one you were in the last
these are what I needed
got the balloons now I need cigarettes
kind of a pack of parliment cigarettes
please buh-bye
alright it's gonna make me throw up
that's why I wanted your help I'll smoke
a little bit but not a lot it's really
bad for you so what I'm trying to do is
I want to fill up balloons with smoke
and I tried to find like a turkey baster
to suck the smoke out and then pump it
in there's nothing you would turkey
baster so we have to smoke suck the
smoke out of the cigarettes and blow up
three balloons it's not a lot for their
small balloons alright we've got our
three darts ready we've got the camera
set up behind us now it's time to smoke
some cigarettes kids don't smoke also
don't try this at home also just don't
smoke in general don't smoke cigarettes
don't ever smoke cigarettes well I will
fill one up a little bit and then let it
to the smoke out and see you kind of out
okay okay let's see you let it out in
front of camera so that's pretty smoky
that's pretty smoky oh oh oh oh you
definitely gonna throw up
some went into my lungs can't see
because I don't see any smoke it's
pretty smoky to pop the balloons why not
just use the propane torch it should
work all right blow torch lit business
let's talk okay
love it slowly so it lingers all right
I'm not sure that's going to work that
did succeed in making both Jack and me
sick but I guess here goes the new intro
roll it
so let's talk business
my plan in starting this vlog was to
spend a lot of time talking about my yet
undisclosed new business I know I've
been super cagey about it and they're
also like real kind of mechanical
considerations like legal stuff and the
patent applications doesn't and filed so
I still can't show you literally what
we're making and I don't want this vlog
to become like neat teasing about this
thing that I'm making about this new
company that is my whole life and not
saying what it is so I want to like
restructure this segment and I want to
get into like a little bit of the
history a little bit of the last 18
months almost that have been entirely
devoted to building this business and
explained some of that with you because
that is something that I can freely talk
about okay so I want to go all the way
back to the very very beginning where I
decided to start a new business
and the first thing I had to learn was
how to start a new business I'm riding
my bike to Union Square now so I think
this story will be more compelling if I
tell it in the location where it took
place
either March or February of 2014 so this
is like a year plus ago I've been
sitting on this idea for a really long
time and I hate sitting on ideas I think
ideas you either act on or you set them
free you don't dwell on an idea or it
will go rotten really quickly and I had
been dwelling on this idea for a really
long time I asked someone that I really
look up to and someone that I consider a
mentor as person in particular someone I
admire in every capacity he's an
incredible father an amazing friend a
wonderful human being and a brilliant
brilliant businessman anyways I asked
him for some of his time and we met for
lunch we met in a restaurant this was
the actual restaurant right here it's
called coffee shop
and this was the actual table we were
sitting out here I told him about this
idea this this thing that had been
sitting with me for a while and he said
is this a project or is this a company
and I said this is a company and he said
okay you're gonna need money I was like
writing down like everything he said and
he said write down the names of every
person you can think of that you could
ask for money and then put a number next
to their name for how much you think you
could ask them for and that's like
that's a that's a crazy idea that's
something I have never I'm not big on
asking anyone for anything but I
followed his advice and I did that I
wrote down all the names I have my own
dreams in life and I have my own lists
of things that I hope to accomplish
before I die but write that in there I
showed him the names of people that I
wanted to ask for money and he looked at
and he said this is good and then he
said wanted to put me on that list to
wanted to put me down for a hundred
thousand dollars and that just like
shook my world
it's like it shook me to the core and
right in that moment that feeling that
he gave me of someone believing in me
someone I admire so much believing in me
on that level at that moment my new
dream in life my new goal in life is to
one day do for someone else what he did
for me in that moment because what he
did was he said I believe in you I want
you to do this thing I want you to
realize your your this dream of yours
and here I'm willing to back it up with
an insane check and that was it that was
how this company started and the weird
thing about having someone step up for
you for having someone believe in you
like that is it really raises the stakes
of failure it means to fail now means to
let him down the flipside of that is it
really it really pushes you to succeed
all right I guess that's it now there
are about a hundred of these stories
between that day and where my company is
now
and I want to share them all in this
vlog and I want to do it as best I can
without being super annoying because I
won't have shared with you what this
company is but I really think this is
like the best the only way that I can
start to really share some of the
details of what it is I'm up to because
I've said it before and I really mean it
this company is my full life
