bah-bah guys we get to see the safe
travels come visit anytime
FOMO that is fear of missing out there's
very little of that when you're in New
York City there's this there's always
something happening here and that's like
that's a very exciting thing to be
around these guys behind me are smoking
pot these guys here
they gave me a dirty look when they saw
me coming over with the camera a very
infrequently get Starbucks on my way to
work but today is just one of those days
got my copy well
Kassie got his topic so licious when
Owen was a baby
his favorite show was Blue's Clues and
his favorite part of Blue's Clues was
mail time
when I was a kid my favorite show was
pee-wee's Playhouse
and my favorite part of that show was
mail time we got a ton of it anyways
mail time
thank you thank you special visitor
today
hello youtuber that I've never met
before driving the name of Mark Miller
you just pay me ask you to come by I
said sure
yo how's it all come to the studio this
is like any time I hang out any vloggers
this is what M this is what ends up
happening it's not become kind of a rite
of passage but I'm encouraging mark here
to try the motorized unicycle give me
one - don't hold on to the seat even
though it feels like you should yeah
straight up bleep petit style like
you're walking the tightrope
good luck lean forward lean forward
hands off oh my god nice sort of yes
I'll see you guys on the Internet
sorry I should give them the customary
uh bullhorn goodbye
so this week is our this week is Fleet
Week and what Fleet Week is is it's it's
like a way that City celebrates and
shows appreciation for all the like sea
services branches so like the Navy and
the Coast Guard and all kinds of sailors
this afternoon that had like a parade of
all the boats coming into the city and I
missed it because it works so it's super
excited about boats and stuff so I'm
trying to bike up to where they dock
them so I'm gonna look at the boats this
is what I sneak away from work to do
that big guy lives here in the city he's
always here that is a world war two
aircraft carrier interesting anecdote
that aircraft carrier was actually hit
by three kamikaze planes during I
believe the Battle of Midway hi welcome
to New York Wow look at that thing I
wish I could get closer but they have a
lot of security which I understand but
look this ship so I don't know what boat
that is it's got an osprey tiltrotor on
the back which is pretty amazing and it
just looks like it's from the future
look at this guy
you would think there's a better method
than to just stick a guy in the anchor
wall with a stick with the hook on the
end but kind of disappointed I didn't
get to see more ships but I'm going to
try hard tomorrow to actually see the
parade when the ships come in that's why
I was hoping to see so glad I went up
there though it's kind of early I worked
late last night so I'm trying to get
home early today spend a little time
with Francine before bed I hope she's
still awake what was that
