just a quick preface here this interview
took place twelve days ago now so any
reference in this interview to Logan
Paul or Logan Paul controversy is in
reference to the events that transpired
around the first of the year the
Japanese forests not at all referencing
the more recent Logan Paul controversy
and and subsequent D monetization of his
channel none of that is reference
because that all happened after this
interview took place while I would love
to know more specifically what's around
YouTube with these recent events
unfortunately this interview took place
before they happened hope that's clear
okay here's the interview alright
welcome ah have you ever made a YouTube
video before no it's my first one I'm
always very vocal with what I see as
YouTube YouTube strengths and YouTube
shortcomings and as Chris around
Christmas and New Year's when all the
logan paul stuff was going down and
there was a lot of criticism of
youtube's PR and everything else i
e-mailed robert here and said why not
use the platform as a way to communicate
youtube's positions on these things in
its outlook for the future and he said
that's a great idea and this is sort of
a first stab at that
he offered thank you to come on my
youtube channel and talk about the
future of youtube and answer whatever
questions I had is that fair
that is absolutely fair and I'm so happy
to be here so thanks for it's actually
your idea it wasn't my idea it was yours
and and it's risky but today that's
that's what do you guys do risky stuff
every day tell us who you are I think
most youtubers and they think of YouTube
leadership's they know Susan but people
don't know you so who are you and what
do you do sure
so I'm Robert Kinsel I'm chief business
officer of YouTube and in my day to day
job I'm responsible for all the YouTube
creators and and and content partners
who are making their living on YouTube
and creating amazing audiences so all of
your problems are my problems
your wins or my wins so we are tied at
the hips and and I just love what I do I
think most people collect most people's
questions have to do with the Logan Paul
controversies it's still very very fresh
and to leave that off I'm curious what's
it like for you and then what's it like
inside of YouTube when something like
that or any of the previous
controversies happen is there a protocol
in place yeah I mean we have depending
on on severity of the issue at hand we
have escalation processes that take
place and and we're looking at you know
how this how this works against the
guidelines the community guidelines that
we have set on YouTube which really help
operate an open platform like ours
there's there's quite a lot of work that
goes on behind the scenes that the rest
of the world doesn't see how did it how
did it land on the home page I think you
have there are no simple answers to that
except that there was a lot of interest
in that video there were a lot of search
searches for it all around the world on
YouTube and it ended up there I think
was nine days between it happening and
you guys responding to it how about you
better so so we actually we had a we had
a press reply the next day within in
less than 24 hours but our social
response was delayed and so what we were
working on is we were trying to
formulate our our response and of course
you know with Logan and a lot of his
projects for original productions there
are hundreds of people involved people
whose paychecks depend on it so we don't
want to make a rash decision that
impacts so many people's livelihood it's
not just Logan many other people are
cross multiple projects however we do
want to be much faster we're looking at
those processes and and and we want to
be much more active there was a line in
that statement you guys put out an
unsocial that said we'll have more to
share soon on the steps we're taking to
ensure a video like this is never
circulated
and I think that line of video like this
had a lot of the community questioning
what that means and this is a bigger
question which is how do you how do you
balance kind of being the thought police
saying this is okay and this is not
versus free speech which is are like
YouTube is stood for so much so and and
you're you're hitting the nail on the
head which this is one of the hardest
things scaling open is developing
standards making sure that users feel
safe creators feel safe and advertisers
feel safe obviously this video was not
something that you know and I don't
think anyone you know anyone is proud of
proud to be associated with but we think
that the more we develop our Community
Guidelines the more we hone them and
there will our standards along those
lines we think we we can get their
culture YouTube culture I've noticed
sort of in the last year last year plus
drama has been drama would be the
descriptor out used to really drive the
culture of YouTube what do you think of
that I found that are you talking about
the drama you create drama is rewarded
with use drama is rewarded with
attention drama is rewarded ultimately
with dollars and I think a lot of that
is what what eventually sort of
metastasized into the kind of
sensationalist content that let things
like the Logan Paula controversy happen
yeah how do you how does YouTube affect
culture it to I'm talking about the
incentives and disincentives for that or
thinking very deeply and every single
day now on how do we create the right
incentives and disincentives for
creators to to do the right thing on
YouTube and that means a lot of
different things that means do the right
things for advertisers do the right
things for their users you know for the
platform organically and not chase
sensationalism not chase views for the
sake of views not use drama for the sake
of use and not use drama at our expense
for the sake of use it so what's at
heart for us is that we deeply care
about the Train
Riko system that's my job if you don't
succeed we don't succeed what we want to
make sure that creators who are making a
living on YouTube feel safe doing so you
know that there's no gaming basically
that it's just all about like doing the
right thing
and it is our job to set those
guidelines in place and the incentives
in place so so we're working that quite
busily what kind of creators would you
like to see more of on the platform are
you talking about me personally or - the
bigger question of culture like whoa
what would you love to see ultimately is
kind of the defining creator movement on
the platform and how would how would you
how would you to foster the kind of
relationships needed to enable I so I
personally like a lot of news content
news related content on YouTube it just
you know helps catch up on everything's
going on and it's just and it has a
different Flair on YouTube educational
content but I don't mean the traditional
educational says it's just that I I've
learned something new my older daughter
who became vegan and you know we didn't
want them to become vegan and and and
then you know them you know because it's
a lot of work Penda and you know she
found all the inspiration and all the
arguments and how to argue and convince
parents on YouTube by the way the one
category I didn't mention is and we
would like more and more female creators
on the platform right that yeah it's
it's a huge opportunity huge and and so
Elle Mills have you discovered Ella
Mills yet and by the way every time you
told me that I remember the last time
you said oh you know you gotta watch
this this kind david dobrik this was
like three years ago it was like he's on
the rise and of course yeah so I know
you'd have an eye for it so I'll make
sure to follow her no but that's that's
another category that we really focused
on what what do we want to grow in we
want everybody to grow but what do we
want to grow a little bit more that
maybe is underserved that maybe needs
the extra push extra push in terms our
attention extra push in terms of
marketing
count them funding whatever it is and
then we put somebody on it and say build
a plan they build a plan approve the
plan and then they start executing
against it that's really that's how the
process with us works this is a big kind
of this is a big question I have that
I've always had which is that in all my
years in television I never met a TV
studio head who wasn't at one time a TV
producer and in cinema I've never met a
movie studio and who didn't produce
movies but no one on the YouTube sort of
senior executive leadership side has
ever made a living as a creator so how
do you how does Susan how do the other
leaders at YouTube empathize with the
struggles of being a creator having
never been there yourself so I might not
have produced myself but I just give you
my little quick background I started in
the mailroom of a talent agency working
with writers actors directors States
tickling their pictures and resumes and
sending it to cast entities that Sarah
became an assistant and just went to
work for a production movie production
financing companies have made a lot of
films and and then went to HBO and
launched HBO's around the world and
eventually to Netflix and then to
YouTube so I've been around content all
of my professional career and and I've
learned it from inside out and every
angle so I'm deeply passionate about it
I love it and that's my both my
professional and personal life now when
it comes to when it comes to but I have
now been a YouTube creator myself when
you think about YouTube it's really a
massive platform it's a technology like
it's massive technological feat and what
you really need is people who are
incredibly proficient at building an
infrastructure on a you know
unprecedented level all around the world
of interesting 450 hours of video every
single minute is streaming in billion
hours a day in HD quality so what our
company has to do is sort of marry the
technological prowess with content
prowess together and and do it at scale
the changes in the partner program so
you have to have four thousand hours of
watch time a thousand subs to monetize a
question or something I saw a lot on on
Twitter was new or tiny YouTube channels
seeing that is tremendously discouraging
how do you how do you respond to that so
we don't succeed unless you succeed if
there are no great creators they're not
gonna be enough users there's not enough
advertisers it just it doesn't work so
we we think that this level is high
enough for us to learn about the partner
so that we can turn the ads on them and
not disappoint advertisers and at the
same time that it's not so far out that
it will be untenable and you know and
unreachable for that we want as many
creators monetizing but we also want to
make sure that everybody who's
monetizing is doing the right thing and
and it's protective because if somebody
doesn't do the right thing and are in
there and that vert eyes is react in a
certain way then all of you get punished
that's not a good outcome because then
you don't succeed we don't succeed
because nobody is happy um about
monetization when you guys made the
changes that were made in response to ad
pocalypse there's a lot of frustration a
lot of frustration expected expressed on
social media did you guys see that
outcry coming for the false positives
did it catch you off guard it was really
really hard because if you're just
trying to stabilize the ecosystem that's
you know that's that's moving around so
yes we heard the outcry of course and
and it's the I can tell you there's
nothing more painful than hear from the
advertisers their stories and nothing
more painful is than hear from the
creators and and you should know both
sides think that we favor the other you
know and so we clearly have work to do
it does feel like at times that what
creators want to make what audiences
want to see doesn't always align or
doesn't align
what advertisers want to want to buy
against how do you how do you rectify
that some sometimes that happens and and
it's really hard to tell an advertiser
look you must buy this and because they
sell it guess my brand and I just don't
want to you know that's their choice one
of the one of the things that we worked
really hard on last year was our yellow
monetization icon because then really
which I know might have been you know
painful and worked but it was something
that helped us reduce false positives by
30 percent it was really impactful you
know suddenly getting getting input from
creators saying look this was not
correct everyone who participated let me
ask you about the yellow icon because
from a creator from the most cynical
creator perspective what it what a few
does is a way of saying we think this
might not be advertiser friendly so
we're gonna cut your revenue on it but
we're still playing it so it's costing
you the it's costing you the Creator
money while we figure this out
and I think that I know I as a creator
found that very insulting I've known
that very upsetting why do I have to
take your algorithms mistake why does it
have to cost me money how does YouTube
address something like that at the kind
of scale that I remember you are calling
on this issue I think those may be
October and were there yeah and and
that's when we start to think about the
let's let's let's you know what stole
creators that they shouldn't you know
published them yet have them unlisted I
guess with you it's can't and and then
you know they won't go through the
volatility so that that has worked if
you as a creator it feels like there's a
lot of tension between the creator
community and YouTube as a company is
that is that felt do you think it's a
fair statement is that felt within
YouTube as a company I wouldn't want to
call it tension because it would it
would imply that we're on opposite sides
somehow and we're not I think we're on
the same side the thing that we have
struggled with and you've told that to
me multiple times is communication and
you should know that we try so hard to
communicate with creators
but it's only so disheartening but like
we want feedback to keep on coming but
it's disheartening to hear that it's not
cutting through but you should know that
we don't see this tension we see it as
if people are not happy we have a
problem we're on the same side we need
to figure out how to fix it well let me
let me end then with this this this and
this question this is more of a prompt
than a question but I think that
YouTube's never been good at saying
here's what matters to us here's what we
stand for and here's what to expect from
us so I invite you to now just kind of
use this platform as a way to tell all
of us creators in the community what
matters to you what do you stand for and
what is next for YouTube as as a
platform sure so so what we stand for is
is really four freedoms freedom of
opportunity anybody to make a living on
YouTube you know bring revenue from the
entire world and there are many
wonderful examples freedom of speech as
important as ever freedom of information
accessing it I grew up in in communist
country in Czechoslovakia behind the
Iron Curtain it's really important you
know the openness and freedom of speech
and freedom of information is really
important to me and that that is why I I
love what I do and then the fourth one
is freedom to belong people creating
communities on YouTube that they can
feel like they can share a bit more with
that they may not have in person
somewhere else but on the YouTube they
do so we have these four core freedoms
that we truly care about what what is
important to us is the success of our
partners the partners our creators and
advertisers so to us what's most
important is bringing these two
communities together advertisers and
creators and make sure that they all
succeed and if they do we'll be fine and
everything that I say is like that you
know we're on your side we mean it we
may not get it right you know many times
or for one reason or another
but the intent is always good the intent
is always on your side and so hopefully
we can deliver more and
and truly make everybody even happier
and more successful well Robert thank
you for coming on and I want to say that
Robert did not ask me to do this but I
can't have you on Robert without
plugging your book
stream Punk's by reading this book I got
to understand how you think of YouTube
and that means a lot considering you're
the one pulling all the strings and then
the second thing that I like the most
and I wish you had talked more about it
I think it's just the first chapter of
the preface or something is when you
talk about your upbringing in here
behind the Iron Curtain and not having
any access to media at all in the first
movie that you ever saw was terminator
but it was dubbed and checked nanika I
thought oh say Oh same here jonah had an
understanding that that's where you're
coming from and now that you're in the
position you were in enables me to
empathize with you and by proxy with
youtube and more so Thank You Casey
thanks for having me here to do this is
Jay all right thanks for watching if you
made it that far I just want to put this
at the end to again Thank You Tube thank
Robert for doing this and then also to
encourage YouTube to do more of this
there are a lot of other creators in
this platform that I know would love to
interview some of the senior management
at YouTube and there is certainly enough
controversy taking place in this
platform to warrant those interviews so
I know it may not make the most
interesting or fun video but I do think
this is an effective way for YouTube to
share what the hell is going on within
that company to us to the community so
thanks YouTube okay tomorrow I will be
back to my regular programming
