we got to go we got to go coming in
coming in and touchdown the I normally
run with likes big fat beats headphones
but I sweat a lot and get really nasty
and today I finally killed by like deep
running head bro
a wearing amethyst girl Hector
of thirteen point one five miles and a
730 days not that
host:2 awesome his mother for later
today that's why I have on my raincoat
I've got a quick meeting with Jake this
morning and then and then about two
hours then the goat
I'm not like Jake meeting but Jake is
not fi Jake meeting Jake you're nine
minutes late Oh glad you can make it
Jake I'm sorry legal trouble are you in
trouble
let's do the next story to be precise
we're doing a we're did beam story about
illegal I guess legal drugs yeah legal
drug in case kind of spearheading it so
suddenly out there were suddenly outside
to make sure what we can and cannot do
on camera sounds of serious Jake good
meetings you're needed good meeting
drinking alright I got a I got to go
because I'm now less than one hour away
from go by Jake I haven't done in a
while
yeah I stopped doing them because I mean
I got a little bit bored I haven't done
it I haven't got a solid QA
what was your dream job as a child I
didn't necessarily want to be an
astronaut or like a movie star or
anything like that I think the only
thing that I knew when I was younger is
I didn't want to have a boss like I
didn't want to have to answer to
somebody else do you ever become annoyed
when people stop you in the street for
photos the answer is typically no except
for when I'm with my family I don't do
selfies like when I'm carrying the baby
no way
and then when I'm running like I don't
want to stop that's not cool and then
the biggest one is when people wait
outside my office I know it's my fault
because I used to film out there but I
can't do selfies outside my office my
building manager freaks out people in
the building don't like it and it just
causes like what happened to your thumb
if you notice my left my right my left
thumb usually has paint on it
but at a minor circular saw incident
with the thumb and I completely picked
up my finger I put fingernail polish on
to remind myself not to mess with it and
to let it heal I appreciate everybody's
concern I'm going to be fine
will you ever go back to Canon cameras
yeah I'm using a Panasonic Lumix cameras
right now I was using Sony or so like
Sony truth is I like them all I have no
loyalty to any one camera brand why
don't you show Francine's face anymore
ah you know when friends stop being like
a baby and started looking like a person
Candace and I decided to keep her out of
social media you know oh and my older
kitty is 19 he liked that I want to be
in a video or dad I don't want to be in
your videos and it's his decision but
you know she's - I didn't want to
pressure her into something that later
in life she might not want to have been
a part of I hope that makes sense
believe me I would love to have her cute
little baby face in these videos I got a
lot more thumbs up when she was in them
here's a little bit of a loaded question
thoughts on Jake Paul and Logan Paul
okay for like the three of you who don't
know Jake Paul and Logan Paul are two
young guys from Ohio they used to be
Viners and then they started on YouTube
and now they're like huge I mean like
apocalyptically the hugest thing to ever
happen to youtube and I'm not saying
that hyperbolically that is the truth
Jake did like five million subscribers
in like six months the most views I've
ever done on this channel in a single
month I think
50 million views and that's what like
one insane viral and vlogging everyday
Jake last month is like five hundred
million views like these guys are
stratospheric in their success on
YouTube but they're a little
controversial I find that especially
other youtubers love to shun Jake and
Logan Paul so here's my opinion about
Jake and Logan Paul first as people yeah
I know Logan I know Jake a little bit
and I can tell you that like and I can
tell you then all the time and so then
they've always been like really nice
guys like Logan I would consider a
friend of mine I was in his feature film
which I was psyched to do I moderated a
panel that he and a bunch of his
collaborators were on once Jake genitive
interacted with less but you know Jake
is a mind of an entrepreneur and sort of
like a year ago he and I had a bunch of
conversations around the businesses that
he was interested in starting in I was
just really impressed by Jake such a
young guy had such a mind and such
ambition and then they've done some
stupid
Logan stunt at VidCon like Logan what
were you thinking and Jake's done some
silly stuff but like look I've done some
really stupid stuff in my youtube
channel that you guys have given me like
such a hard time for rightfully so and I
think that you have to judge people by
the totality of who they are not so my
feelings on the Paul brothers and go
easy on me in the comments for saying
this is that I am super impressed and
excited for their success I'm happy for
them and I really appreciate their
ambition before you discount their
success try succeeding on your own it's
not easy to succeed on any level
especially the level at which they're
succeeding so drama and nonsense aside
they've done something that I think is
extraordinary how do you feel about
Hawaiian pizza I really like pineapple
on my pizza
when will beans new channels of the Live
bheemsen channel is already live we're
just not really there's nothing up there
yet there's kind of a harsh question
what is happening to the vlogs it feels
different completely incoherent is it
taking I hope the vlogs aren't
completely incoherent I will say that
I'm not like uploading on a regular
schedule and the narrative of the vlog
is not really succinct so yeah maybe
they're a little bit incoherent I'm
sorry I like I'm really my focus right
now is on
family is on what I'm doing it beam my
focus is all over the place right now
and I definitely I still love making
videos so I try to find time like today
to make videos like this but cocoa puffs
or Froot Loops cocoa puffs I was Candice
of company Billy coming along ah because
for me to end on it's time to ask you to
go go
go hi I'm here to see the goat here this
is a ghost
Candace is doing a photo shoot for
Billy's lookbook and dad goes and why
have goats for a lookbook billy goats
are you to go to handle i am trying to
meet horse carriage this everybody knows
this is above the line these are handled
properly and thankfully and these goats
are well looked after and handled by
proper handler yes
but they're very humanely treated
they're just beautiful animals that
we're taking pictures of
this is Francine she forgot it here okay
Candice explained to explain what this
is the photoshoot telling you stuff
coming out to Philly website really
where did you find the models how long
have you been a model you like it
how many huge have you done that have
goats involved P when do we get a
picture
what do you think Wow I think it's very
great how many times in your life has
somebody said to you I have this great
idea for a product or a great idea for a
company great idea for a business and it
starts and it ends there with the idea
the hardest thing in the world to do is
go from 0 to 1 to go from that I have an
idea to actually doing it
I remember when Candace said to me I
have this idea for a company for a new
line called Billy and now it's like two
years later and she got the new office
and employees and that photo shoot it's
like their man and it's like a real
thing and it you never stop the breath
