goodbye
man what a difference a night of sleep
makes I feel like a new man today you
know what I'm talking about
okay so today today is QA day but before
I get into the questions and answers
segment I want to do a gratuitous
Steadicam skateboard shot of Jack and I
going through the streets of New York
City here we go
all right glad I got that glad I got
that out of my system now I'm covered in
sweat I also just destroyed my jeans ok
let's start the Q&A all right this will
definitely be the sweatiest Q&A I've
done yet ah let's get started
Raj in a tense situation would you run
away or fight and why okay
generally my feeling about violence is
to avoid it at all costs
so always run away except in one of
three situations the first is if you
have to defend yourself like if it's you
or then make sure it's always them
number two is if you have to defend
someone who can't defend themselves like
a kid or a girl or something then you
fight and three and this was a little
bit more controversial to defend the
honor of a woman meaning if someone is
humiliating or saying things about a
girl and she can't defend herself
I believe forces necessary to end that
but as a rule avoid fights at all costs
avoid violence at all costs the last
time I got into a fight was probably
like seven or eight years ago and it's
kind of a funny story Candace and I were
like having an argument on Broadway
middle of New York City and this
somewhat imposing figure came over to us
interrupted our fight and was like
trying to sell us candy it's like a scam
that guys do in New York City and we
said no and like he wouldn't back off
and eventually he walked away and like
turned to Candace and he was like him
and you watch and like you just can't
talk to a woman like that then things
got violent next question who this is a
good one I like this a lot
Maddy asks what's the least favorite
movie you've ever made
it's actually hold on Maddy
okay I'm just covering up the name of
the musician but see how it says biggest
mistake ever that was a music video my
brother Dan and I directed in 2004 it
just wasn't right we should have said no
but we were dead broke and it was the
first like real opportunity to do
something for real like a real it was a
music video so we did it it came out
terribly no one was happy and to this
day certainly has been like biggest
mistake ever and from that mistake I
learned so much about when you say yes
and when you say no to two gigs that
involve money okay awesome question from
Alex if you had a time machine would you
go back in life and do something
differently yes if I had a time machine
I would go back and be born in the year
1899 that means I could fight in World
War one I could fight in World War two
and then I could grow up and have my
adult years go through from like 1940 to
1980 like the height of like American
engineering when like it was really
americo's at its finest and then died in
the early 80s just before the internet
was born Alberto how have the daily
vlogs impacted your channel tremendously
growth is off the charts like so many
viewers so many new people coming to the
channel all really exciting stuff and I
still have like my canon of old movies
like the first 100 movies I made were
not vlogs so the channel the dynamic of
it has really changed but for me it's
like it's like this library of all the
work I've made since I stopped working
my brother in 2010 okay considering your
passion for hard work is retirement in
the cards there are two things that I
hope I never have to deal with in life
one is being sick that's my ultimate
fear and then two is not being able to
work so retirement is like the sum of
all fears for me I hope I never have to
retire I hope I die working I'll end the
QA on this question with like a little
story
so my muse like my idol my hero in life
is my grandmother
and my Nana she died a couple years ago
when she was 13 years old maybe she was
younger when she was 13 years old she
learned how to tap dance
and that was like her passion her dream
like the thing that inspired her more
than anything in the world was tap
dancing she didn't stop tap dancing for
the next 80 years
she literally tapped every single day
she moved out of New York City to
Connecticut she started a tap School in
the 1950s she had a tap studio in her
home that she liked taught children how
to tap dancing she did a recital every
year if you'd do a tap show for hundreds
of people and she did that literally
until the day before she died on a
Friday
she had tap class where she had 20
students in her class and she was on her
feet tap tap tapping away and then the
next day she went to the hospital and
then she died that like if I could sign
a contract and get that deal that's what
I want out of life
I want to pursue my passion and work
until the very end I never want to
retire I made a movie about my Nana that
tells this story in more depth
I'll link it below and then I'll put
like a link thing here you should watch
that movie she might be the most like
inspirational human being I've ever met
it might make you cry okay I am going to
I'm going to go home now and change my
pants actually I have to I have to walk
home through the streets of New York
City with my pants looking like this I
don't guess I'll just blog it
one of the more popular questions or I
do these Q&A is don't you get
embarrassed walking around the streets
of New York talking into a camera the
answer is no and today that question
would be don't you get embarrassed
walking around in the streets of New
York City talking to your camera while
your pants are ripped in half
and you know the answer is still no of
all the freaks and weirdos in this town
I'm still not even in the top 10% aren't
I changed I feel better
well the blue collared shirt and my red
pants feel like I belong at a country
club but sometimes you just got to roll
with it
