pick either I have the wrong day or the
wrong address
this doesn't look right at all I have an
interesting morning this morning what
that is Washington Square Park riding
your bike through here is punishable by
like $150 fine
which I agree with I'm already late I
don't have to ride around the entire
park
so just saw this yeah that's me I was
like dude I could talk to that guy and
then here you are good to see you man
okay maybe you've seen that crazy
amazing series on HBO called the jinx
this guy edited the whole thing he had a
much bigger role than that but this is
the genius behind that I think this is
where I'm going I hope you're having a
good day so far mine sucks I like didn't
run this morning and got up early I mean
I always get up early but I left the
house early to race to this event that I
agreed to do and I got to it just now
and the event is until tomorrow so
there's nobody to blame for my so far
today that doesn't make it any less
now I'm sure this wasn't done on purpose
but if I had an angle grinder right now
I cut this bike in half this is my bike
here this is some bike and this
dip it locked his lock through my brake
cable so I can't get my bike free
because this moron put his lock through
my cable ah I'm gonna undo my whole
cable to free it without breaking a bike
but like this is my brake cable here
disconnected from the lever pulled it
out from the lock now I have to
reconnect it so far today I've
complained about screwing up my own
schedule and I've complained about
somebody locking my bike up I don't
understand why people complain it only
seems right for me to dedicate this
entire vlog too complaining thus begins
the complaining block
let's chat a little about complainers
generally a complaint is a person who
doesn't take responsibility for their
own action a complainer is someone who
would always talk about why they failed
instead of how to succeed now
there's one simple reason why it's never
ever okay to complain and that is
there's always someone that has it worse
than you do let me give that a little
context so when I think about some of
the things in my life that I'd want to
complain about some of the really hard
things and then I give them any sort of
real world context they aren't that
consequential let me get really specific
when I was 16 years old and I had to
drop out of high school to get a
terrible job to support my new baby
that's pretty rough you know that is a
big enough excuse for me to justify any
actions I take in my life I know but I
couldn't do this because to embrace that
as an excuse to complain but the truth
is that's not so bad
dropping out of high school like really
not having much of a place to live
having no money having a baby being on
welfare like all those things really
suck but in the grand scheme of humanity
it's not that bad bear with me I turn on
my computer I go to a news site and the
first story I read is about migrants
from Myanmar that are stuck on a boat
stranded because the Thai government
won't let them into port these are
people just like you and me and they're
literally starving to death and this is
right now I don't mean to be so extreme
but these are the things that I remind
myself of any time I want to complain or
bitch about something in my life you
realize that there are people just like
you and me who at this very moment are
truly facing things we are lucky enough
to go our entire lives without ever
having to experience okay let me tell
let me tell one more story to back this
up
one more story were like my feelings
around complaining and life in general
were really set straight three years ago
I did this project led like a very small
relief mission to the Philippines after
the
had been devastated by Typhoon Haiyan
this is some of the video here
somebody's home
people didn't have water people didn't
have food you know these people had
nothing their livelihood their life
their existence had totally been
stripped away from them and what struck
me the most about the entire experience
all of my time there was not once did
anyone complain but they lost everything
and they didn't complain and they all
focused on one thing they focused on
change not complaining and because that
I do take it personally when people
complain because the truth is most of
the time people complain have nothing to
complain about who cares if I went to a
meeting that doesn't start till tomorrow
and who cares if some guy locked up
bye-bye brake cable it really doesn't
matter if it's broken fix it if you
don't like it change it and if you want
something take it don't complain about
it just do something about it
Candice is taking Francine to the baby
gym and I'm hoping to catch them and go
for a second
how was your day did you take a nap
today did you sleep today this is the
baby gym when you say Francine do you
think she likes it it is funny I have to
run back to the office now
to catch up before I cut out for the day
so I left Candice and baby at the baby
gym getting their workout on start out
now definitely glad i saw the baby
earlier she is most certainly in bed
