their work
lift the seat up yay 5050 movies it took
me five years through the first hundred
movies in 50 days to make the next 50
movies pretty excited about that thank
you for tuning it
so for today's vlog I wanted to start by
giving a little walkthrough of you know
what I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do this
outside so what I wanted to do outside
today is give like a little walkthrough
of what cameras i use for vlogging first
let me just start by saying i highly
encourage any young filmmakers out there
that are thinking about making movies
for a living to start daily vlogging and
that doesn't mean like doing a daily
video about what you did that day or
journal
it just means constantly making new
content make something new every day no
matter what and eventually you will get
good okay so let's talk gear for the
longest time this was my go-to camera
this is the canon s120
it's a rock-solid camera it costs three
hundred and fifty dollars let me just
show you a little bit of what the
quality looks like this is what the s120
looks like this is what I look like when
I'm shooting with the s120 and you can
see the sounds not quite as good as my
big camera over here which has an actual
microphone on it this is the canon g7x
and compared to the s120 you can see
it's almost twice as fat it's a little
bit taller a little bit wider just
doesn't fit in your pants unless you
were a big cargo pants I swear canon
invented this just for vloggers because
while vlogging you flip this up and you
can see yourself here in the monitor so
you can see how you look make sure the
right things and focus all that it's a
good all-round camera it's a dynamic
camera the g7x cost six hundred and
fifty bucks which is almost double the
price of the s 120 I don't know if it's
twice as good just a caveat this thing
is fragile the cheaper one is robust you
can beat the hell out of this thing
these I go through like tic tacs the
focus fades on them there's just a lot
of moving parts already like the lens
cap on this thing
open it gets jammed up
so it's fragile and fragility is
something you don't want in your daily
shooter so as good as this thing is and
it is pretty good it's still not quite
good enough it still feels like when I
look at this footage that I'm looking at
someone who has a point shoot that
they're holding out in front of them and
I wanted something richer honestly what
I want is I want a camera that looks
like someone is walking in front of me
walking backward holding a professional
camera that's on a Steadicam so this is
what I've built this is what I'm looking
for what you're seeing right now and
what this is is a Canon 70d and then I
have this rode microphone on here which
is hyper directional you hear me clearly
now but as I turn it like this
the sound sort of goes away and what
that means is all the sounds on that
side of the microphone don't get picked
up and it really just zeroes in on what
I'm saying and this camera is a little
heavy so holding the camera like this
didn't make sense so I use this gorilla
pod as sort of a selfie stick it's
actually pretty comfortable I can keep
my arm loan up so in the image it
doesn't I don't look like this I'm just
holding out like this and if I really
want to get fancy I can zoom in a little
and the image looks like that with these
vlogs one of my goals is to have you the
viewers forget that I'm filming myself
and just have it feel like you're
watching a movie is it cool if you share
your office with me so I can shoot
around here you see anything for you my
brother all right
anything for you man ah I'll see you up
there yeah
where is he a professional biker who
bites for the red bull what to call want
to break free right now I'm like free I
did get to see him and the plan was for
me Slav and I to go for a bike ride I've
got my whip here he ain't got no bike
it's a lost one the last one make it
yours so you've never ridden a bike in
New York City before you look good on it
thank you
easy there killer whoa
thank you so much have a good day
what about the story of when you broke
your back I was trying to recreate the
rebel logo doing a front foot because my
body is in the same position as the pool
on the logo so there was a sunset and we
built a jump we did front flips because
the Sun is moving like we only had 15
minutes so I had to do 16 front flips
and I I was just start and I lost my my
concentration and crashed on my back and
my disc broke so do you think you'll
ever front flip again from flick ah not
really maybe into the pumping I could
teach you that you know back when
least-loved taught me how to backflip
and this when we first met but taught me
how to backflip a mountain bike on my
birthday like three years ago yeah
what's the first thing I need to know
try to pull hard and rotation and land
on your wheels piece of cake man
yeah you got
you
fun times my presence II thank you thank
you
whoa which one are you the right
that's pretty amazing
thank you yeah it was the best moment of
my life
and the worst so and right now me slobs
trying to get a job in marketing working
for Red Bull so check out the work he's
done for them and send him some love on
Instagram is it cool that I said there
meets love see later man I love that guy
running out of the office now trying to
get home before Britain seen falls
asleep she's falling asleep the last
three nights in a row before I got home
which really makes me feel like a bad
dad I hope I made it dogs to watch if
she's still awake
