thank you funny goblak once you go black
ain't coming back
it's a rap Jack go blind
alright bud and don't forget
running with my friend Ben this morning
then is a faster better gooder runner
than I am so he keeps me on my toes in a
really big way he and I are meeting at
the apex of the Manhattan Bridge and I'm
late
all right I am now at the apex of the
Manhattan Bridge
no sign of Ben I guess I will simply
keep running and you'll find the man it
is indeed
it's Ben which when we go and Brooklyn
in their hand if you want then Hatton or
Brooke let's kill Brooklyn go let's go
let's go
then I'm putting you in my blog this
morning I was explaining the viewers
that you were a far superior runner than
me awesome and you keep me on my toes
right keep it honest
gotta keep Dallas he's so fast I'll see
you soon good run ten miles at a 7:59
pace lovely lovely run this morning we
got any water cup got a new cup
you got a new cup show me how it works
how's it work there you go today is Q&A
day let's do a little experiment and
watch how quick I get questions after I
do a tweet okay
three more this is why I missed so many
people's questions every refresh is like
50 more questions John wants to know who
you love more than anything to get a
compliment from you know John I have a
rule and that is to ignore praise and
embrace criticism so I'm really not I
never try to seek compliments it's
generally a dead end this is kind of a
ridiculous question but Ben wants to
know Casey how do you live so
philosophically I don't really know what
you mean by that but I try to pay
attention always I pay attention to
everything I read everything I hear
everything I see and then I ignore about
99.9 repeating percent of that and
whatever is left over I hang on to for
dear life and I think this philosophical
living that you're speaking of is just
me sort of sharing the aggregate of what
I've absorbed over the course of my life
she wants to know if you have a chance
to travel more where would you go and
why she I have so many opportunities to
travel right now and it pains me to but
I say no to all of it I have two
priorities right now family and my new
company and if travel doesn't fall into
one of those two categories I say no no
wants to know what's your advice to kids
struggling in school just like anything
else in life this too shall pass
Josh wants to know what's the craziest
way you've broken a camera probably with
a gigantic rock smashing the camera like
this on the side of the Zambezi River on
the border of Zambia and Zimbabwe but I
had a critical failure exactly what I
needed the camera it had to be destroyed
when will Karlie Kloss upload her first
youtube video okay I'll let Carly do the
talking here and I will do a whole vlog
before she launches her YouTube channel
just know Carly class on YouTube is
going to be awesome
why does Owen work in a donut shop why
don't you get him a cool job okay let me
spend a little bit of time picking this
one apart so my son Owen has his first
job right now he works at a Krispy Kreme
donut place at the cash register selling
people Donuts which is a tough job and
yes I could make a phone call and I
could get him some cushy easy fun cool
job and like a production company doing
something totally awesome but I'm his
father
and I try to do what's best for him at
all times and what's not good for a kid
to have as his first job it's something
cushy and cool beyond learning the value
of a dollar and Beyond learning what the
suck means of working in a place like
that he will forever for the rest of his
life no matter how successful or rich or
famous he might become he will forever
treat people that work behind the
counter with a level of respect that
they deserve because he will appreciate
and understand how hard that job is
that's one of the reasons the bigger
reason two days ago three days ago I did
a whole vlog about sort of life's
principles and what it means to always
fixate on what do you want from life and
then figure out how to execute that and
a lot of people asked a lot of people
replied with what's the best way to find
your passion what's the best way to find
your calling in life and I'd have an
answer to that and I don't know that
this answer is right but this is an
answer I firmly believe in the best way
to find what you love in life is by
doing something you hate a cushy job a
cool job a job that you like is is
comfortable that comfort breeds
complacency and that complacency breeds
stagnation so you just kind of stay
there
fine job even though it may not be your
dream or your passion and then all kinds
of happens she gets pregnant you
buy a car there's a mortgage payment you
have a house you have this cushy life
and before you know it you have these
handcuffs
these golden handcuffs that is your day
job that you didn't love you never loved
it was just an easy job but now there's
no way out of it and all of that happens
by doing something that's cushy and easy
if you get a job that absolutely sucks
something you hate doing you will spend
every minute on the clock fixating and
fantasizing about what you wish you were
doing where did I find my passion for
filmmaking and my drive to do what I do
in life I found it in the bottom of the
nastiest burnt up clam chowder pot ever
working a seafood restaurant where I'd
have to dig so deep into that pot to
scrub the bottom you know get all over
my arms and all over my shirt and I just
reeked of stale seafood and it never
came off my body but doing that for
years fifty hours a week every week for
like five years really galvanized for me
what I wished I could be doing I
fantasize about having a job that I
loved about doing something I was super
passionate about about working for
myself and not having some total boss
telling you what to do all the time I
obsessed over it but if I had been some
cushy some sweet some fun job that my
dad got for me none of that Drive would
have been there so yeah Owen works in a
donut store and what he will get from
working in a donut shop what he will get
from a Shay job is invaluable and he
might not appreciate that and whoever
wrote me that comment might not
appreciate that but believe me at some
point in his life he will look back and
he will see that that was one of the
most influential jobs he could have ever
had I hope otherwise he'll hate me
forever for making him work in a donut
store okay that's it for QA I have a
photo shoot in this office in like 45
minutes it should be kind of fun and I
will vlog about it
this photo shoot is happening now hi I'm
Casey Jake okay Renee and I need what
are we doing today you guys are sure you
don't want to try I I mean I'll try it
but I'm gonna go get go you got it yeah
you got it
awesome so we're good you guys got what
you need okay thank you nice to meet you
thanks for tolerating me yeah bye guys
okay leaving the office now trying to
leave the office
Candice came to visit and now she's just
hanging out with Matt and there's the
old sideburn hey guys okay everybody's
favorite Yellin everybody thank you hey
Candace
the decision base gives me nightmare
so Candace will talk about your short
skirt Candace it's my walk home that I
try to have an ender for the vlog so I
need like something say something clever
or something to happen that I can end
the vlog on the end pretty good
