so what is going on here
then yfd on the scene
nothing to see here folks move along
Monday morning I'm going to the gym
today
because last night was Game of Thrones
and I need to catch up by watching it on
the Stairmaster get the reflection in
these glasses look it you can see my you
can see my iPhone
dun Jimin great episode of Game of
Thrones home shower dress work go
I slept nine hours last night that was
coming off of a 48-hour no sleep bender
I feel like a completely different
person today it's like I'm on drugs
great way to start the week today is
Monday so I wanted to spend today's vlog
doing another behind the scenes and
that's where I like break down an old
movie I had made and tell the stories
about like how it came to be and what
happened behind it but I was looking
through my archives here trying to find
some footage to support the behind the
scenes that I wanted to do today and I
found something that's really awesome it
stars a very drunk
Candice my now wife who ten years ago
was just some baby I was on a hot date
with and it's at like 4:00 in the
morning and we're leaving a bar or
something I don't remember what had
happened was my older brother vans bike
had been stolen a few days earlier we're
in the same neighborhood which is
Alphabet City I saw these like four
dudes leaning up against the wall
hanging out and they had vans bike so I
gave Candace my camera
I gave her my backpack and I remember
saying to her whatever happens do not
try to help me just call the police if
the shit goes down what happened and she
didn't do a very good job of capturing
this because she was busy filming
herself what happened is I just rolled
up on these four guys and they're like
big thugs and I was like a twenty
four-year-old and I just like I remember
like being like blind confidence Casey
overwhelm them with confidence make
these four dudes fear you and I just
like rolled up this clench and like
stared into their eyes like like glaring
eye contact and then I grabbed the bike
put it on my shoulder never broke eye
contact and walked away okay here's the
video
that he saw vans bike vans but got so
long last night everything she sees it
are you fucking kidding me he's got it
Janice
goods like is that Vance how do you know
it is about the license plate yep
that's that's van bike all right back to
behind the scenes which I am totally
pumped to do today today's gonna be an
awesome behind-the-scenes because these
are kind of stories I've never told
before this time the scenes is going to
be about a campaign I did which was
three four four four separate videos I
did for Mercedes Benz and this was I
want to say this was I want to say like
2014 2013 um okay let me just put a
better lens on there the mercedes-benz
CLA project was a advertising campaign
about this car which is the
mercedes-benz CLA I got this campaign
with them and it was to make four videos
so there was never any storyboards and
he script any outlines there was nothing
specific it was all kept incredibly
broad which was a really big deal for me
especially then because I didn't have
the audience then that I have now this
was by far the biggest dollar ad
campaign I'd ever done it was enough
money to enable us to do whatever we
wanted to do like no matter how crazy
the idea we would have the budget for it
the first part this video here this is
like a little background why I like
mercedes-benz I happen to drive a
Mercedes at the time I did this campaign
my history with them cool little video
shot most of it here in the studio and
it ended on a really kick-ass note which
was them dropping off a prototype CLA so
we were like the first people to have
one okay whatever Chris part two
Oscar and I Oscars like my best friend
he's also like a producer and a
filmmaker so Oscar and I traveled to
Germany and all we brought with us was
like skateboards and a couple cameras
and we went to the mercedes-benz museum
and we went
- like their car factory and we have to
drive all kinds of like crazy souped-up
prototypes ok part 3 this is by far my
favorite video of the 4 video campaign
it's playing here's the narrative of
this video goes like this it shows us
starting to do the shoot in New York
City with this beautiful girl and then
it starts to pour out so we shift gears
and we fly to the Bonneville Salt Flats
in New Mexico Arizona New Mexico Nevada
that's not how it went down what
actually happened this is where it gets
fun is we went to the Bonneville Salt
Flats first and we had this whole
enormous shoot scheduled and organized
for out there we had a helicopter an
airplane for stunt cars we had stunt
drivers but it was all predicated on the
fact that we had a beautiful functioning
mercedes-benz CLA to shoot so we went
out the night before the shoot to do
some testing and I like I wrecked the
car know that this was like a handmade
prototype that was just made to be like
pushed out in a showroom floors wearing
white gloves it was not even really
meant to be driven we had to cancel the
entire shoot the next day and we
basically left with what was like a
garbage pile of footage and we looked at
that footage and we're like this isn't
we don't have a movie there's not enough
here so that was when I was like okay we
need to do another shoot and Mercedes
was super super cool they got us another
car and then we did the second part of
the shoot in New York City they wanted
something authentic and real and
something that felt true not
manufactured so the only way you're in t
that was to constantly put us in harm's
way where things would definitely go
wrong and then whatever the outcome of
that was would be our video and that was
sort of the thesis behind the campaign
and everything else I did Oscar today
I'm doing behind the scenes of the CLA
project alright
what detail did I leave out did you talk
about
and I talked about how we broke the car
yeah I'm in Salt Flats
the car was destroyed on my birthday
biggest production nightmare I've ever
had to deal with I was trying to have
fun
and everything that we planned out went
to shit immediately there's KC destroyed
the car knows him it wasn't anybody else
don't let him just don't know how to say
anything a little bit at last I
completely wrecked the car and Oscar had
to deal with all the river cut using all
the hard work and all I was doing was
screwing it up and it was my birthday
Haden's Ritesh later that video turned
out being my favorite it was the most
accidental which made it the most real
which made it just amazing video for was
the actual commercial it's one minute
long so it could actually go on TV and
you can click and watch it here which I
worked with my friend Gabe who's like a
really smart writer and I was like Gabe
I just want there to be like a single
message here to encapsulate all the
ethos behind this entire project that we
did which i think is in line with the
ethos behind the actual car that
Mercedes are trying to sell sometimes in
life you just have to say get and we
literally made the commercial that says
sometimes in life you just have to say
okay and now I knew that couldn't be
shown on TV I still showed it to
Mercedes though so we ended up saying
sometimes in life you just have to say
yes which is probably even better
because it's like more positive and
people could misconstrue what bucket
actually means that's it
oh one more interesting tidbit this
literally hurts my being to admit this
so I'm going to zoom in to make it even
more serious so for the last video I
knew it was going to be more of a crazy
music video montage situation than like
a real narrative so the song was
everything now this is like three years
ago but I just learned about this like
Australian girl rapper named Iggy Azalea
I wanted her to play the babe
like driving the car on me in the car
behind it and I wanted to use her song
work now we happen to have like the same
agent represents us or same agency or
whatever so we're able to get in touch
with her and she was totally down to do
it for a fee that was completely
reasonable as to hire her now it'd be
millions and millions and millions of
dollars but nobody knew who she was then
and mercedes-benz said no they didn't
think she was going to be a big deal and
they thought that she might be a
liability unbelievable anyways okay all
right
that's why behind the scenes at the
mercedes-benz CLA project links to all
those movies below just quick disclaimer
Mercedes Benz doesn't know that I made
this behind-the-scenes or that I was
disclosing this information on my
youtube channel so none of this is
endorsed I don't think I'd be mad at me
for sending any of this stuff but I will
say though that working with them was
really super awesome okay that's it
