okay people keep asking what's up with
my CNN thing so I thought I'd make a
quick video explaining what's up with my
CNN thing I want to start with a little
bit of historical context you know to
shape the story out all right the CNN
thing this is a brief history so in
early 2015 I founded a technology
company called beam with Matt Hackett he
was my partner then at the end of March
that year I launched the vlog the
purpose of the vlog initially was just
to talk about me starting a new company
and then it spiraled into something
bigger and then summer 2015 mid-june we
publicly launched being the app a video
sharing app like snapchat or Instagram
or something like that and largely
driven by the popularity of the vlog and
I think people liked the idea of being
downloads skyrocketed the app did really
really well through summer and then
slowly falling following and not
recovering we had a good app we had a
great idea but snapchat was better and
Instagram was a better idea we got our
asses kicked then some summer 2016 not
now we're trying to figure out the
future of the company was CNN bought
bean now a lot of people ask why would
CNN buy a failed video sharing app well
they didn't buy the app they bought the
technology company that was behind that
app there's a tremendous amount of value
in putting together a team and building
a company in the infrastructure and the
IP that we create there's a lot of value
behind that one app and that's what CNN
was interested in there are also
interested in me because of what I'd
done on the blog now one very important
distinction I've said this before but a
very important distinction CNN did not
buy and does not own in any capacity
this YouTube channel my youtube channel
that was not part of the deal I'll
always continue to post wherever the
hell I want to post on this channel beam
CNN
separate entities and that's the history
portion of this video
what's beam up to now so we that is me
and Matt and our new partners from CNN
spent the first part of this year kind
of defining what it is we wanted to do
and we knew we wanted to continue in
technology we knew we wanted to
introduce more media that is like videos
and movies and YouTube and and want to
build something completely new the old
beam that app that we killed has nothing
to do with the new company but we still
have the same people the same team we've
actually been hiring quite a bit our
team now is well it's you
and something that's super important
understand is that CNN owns being but we
operate separately so CNN's in this
gigantic glass tower in Midtown and we
work out of an old fucked up former
furniture store in Chinatown CNN has
like a gazillion employees and they wear
suits and stuff like that we we work in
a basement in Chinatown so we really do
operate on our own and that's not to say
if we start screwing up that's and I
might not step in but so far we still
run this company like a startup we want
to make all kinds of shows all kinds of
content we want to release a lot of it
here on YouTube but we're also not
against like trying other platforms
newer platforms but we're starting here
on YouTube just parenthetically we
haven't launched the YouTube channel yet
I'll let you know but there's no we're
not up yet the first show we want to
launch we're calling beam news and we
want it to be like it'll probably four
days a week when we launched it we want
to get it to seven days a week I'm going
to host it a little bit and then we're
going to other people host it it has to
be bigger than me to succeed and I don't
want to be the k/t show we got like a
really smart team of journalists and
researchers and writers helping us make
that show we'll never be like a regular
journalist hosting it'll be probably
somebody like me or a youtuber like Jake
Jake we've met before Jake is our head
of production it's a nice sounding title
but I'm alone and I feel Head of
Production alone and he's like really
leading the charge on the media stuff
including the Daily Show now editorial I
know there's a lot of questions behind
editorial editorial meaning like you
know what are our political leanings and
what can be the content of the show the
show is not going to be a politically
motivated show we're not going to be
trying to convince anyone to do anything
in this show politically in fact
politics will make up at most a tiny
tiny piece of this show and that's
challenging we're fighting against the
baggage that comes with CNN a lot of
people like CNN for certain reason
people hate CNN for certain reasons and
then we have to sort of push back into
my own baggage I will be voting for
Hillary yes that was a little
heavy-handed I realize that you know let
me take a second and explain my own
political position and again my politics
will have a little role in this show in
my hosting of it as humanly possible but
it is important for me to share with you
where I stand politically so well you
can watch the content through that lens
now besides like a lot of folks on
reddit and whoever else labeling me like
a snowflake a liberal snowflake Lib tard
I think is the title actually I
personally identify with a lot of
conservative values identify with some
liberal values and a lot of libertarian
values I'm scattered and I certainly
don't subscribe to any one political
label I do subscribe to a set of morals
and a set of principles and when I look
to politician to a like who I don't like
I typically like the ones that are
rooted in principle in values more so
than a political party or affiliations
or things like that I know it's very
heavy-handed in the last presidential
campaign but look I hated the 2016
presidential campaign we had two
candidates neither of which I liked one
of which I dislike more than the other
one that I dislike I don't love what's
around in Washington that's both sides
of the aisle I have huge issues with
politics in the United States of America
as a whole
and that's where I stand politically I
don't even know if that's appropriate
for to be in this video but I think
there's a lot of misconceptions about
Who I am and where I stand politically
so I wanted to share that with you
themed news will not be politically
focused politics are only gonna play a
tiny if any role in that show itself
instead it's a daily news show about the
things that interests us that is the
team that's making it and where we are
the show now actually we are producing
it we're making a show right now and we
make something we look at it internally
and we're like what sucks about this and
we try to correct that and right now I
say this show is good we want to get it
to very good and when it's very good
we're going to launch it publicly and
then someday we want to make it great
very good is good enough to put it out
there and then we want to hear back from
people and and ultimately together make
it great and that when I think of like
my blog I think the first episodes tend
to suck but
like look beam identity design so that's
this isn't final but like that's what
we're thinking for fonts and like being
news beam tales being Doc's being
productions like the different things
that we're going to do under beam and
those are like slightly different fonts
this was an earlier version of the logo
this logo I liked but and then we landed
on this I don't think that this is
finalized either but this is the idea I
hope you think that's cool I'm very very
excited about that design I think it
feels fresh and smart and also like a
little bit nostalgic like kind of weirdo
1980s local news but in all the right
ways
this is give me the first time anyone
look how thin I am this is the first
time anyone's seen any of beam news
actual beam news this is just a test
this is not for publishing on being
music what I need to know okay when
Costa spit not me
the I hosted it Casey is very tan I did
look at the screen we try to talk about
we found this interesting story that we
liked about click farms and that's
basically the thing that instigates the
whole entire piece is click farms how
easy it is to get clicks but this is a
good this is it sort of teaser to show
you a little bit of like the things that
we are interested by we I mean the whole
team is interested in it's not politics
it's not the news that your parents
watch or whatever this is like but it is
news news but it's more of an experience
I think is what we're trying to go for
hey now no ok here comes the first-ever
case of a little bit of a beam news
might this is something that I found to
be particularly interesting happened on
Monday and that is that police and
Thailand raided a clique farm and we've
heard about put farms before especially
on platforms like YouTube but in case
you haven't they are places that sell
social media likes follows and views to
companies or individuals who want to
boost their online popularity that could
farm in Thailand like other click farms
in India Bangladesh and elsewhere have
these janky looking racks filled with
hundreds of cell phone workers then
rotate hundreds of thousands of SIM
cards through these phones to make a
look
different users were liking or viewing
or friending or whatever it is that
people do now let's be clear to me this
is a form of cheating and a lot of
platforms and online stores prohibit
stuff like this in their Terms of
Service and they might even kick you off
their site or delete your fake followers
and views and likes reviews if you do
business with a click farmer other fake
users but also legal the three guys who
were arrested in that Thailand raid
weren't arrested for running a clip farm
according to the AP they were actually
arrested on charges that included not
paying taxes on those hundreds of cell
phones and we wanted to figure out just
how easy this is spoiler alert it's
actually pretty easy for example there
are vending machines in Russia where you
can buy Instagram likes as if they were
skittle
so all this gave us an idea to try two
things one let's actually buy some fake
Instagram followers and two what if we
did it for one of the people working
upstairs at the beam office and then we
just didn't tell them about it
hey Jack so who should we buy some
Instagram collars for Steve all right so
it's pretty easy
we found this website and we have some
few options for how many followers we
should get what do you think we should
go with one hundred timeout I like that
it's quality followers yeah the best
only the best well that's for Steve all
right we can do $39.99 because we have
pnn money
oh there's Wow yes that is we have a
plane while I do this you go upstairs
and see if we can capture the moment
when it happening yes
all right you can walk up and try and
not have speed see me doing this but
it's going to be kind of obvious I think
what's up man yeah well you were firing
partner Joey
strike a pose okay there were pain now
see what happened okay did we paid 300
for the camera hey Rick Rick for the kid
very aware that I want to tape if you're
Mike Patton in five minutes so read that
as well Justin just in case picked up to
265 lead I had to like in the comments
now let's just refresh this thing and
see when it takes place and this works
I'm going to freak out
yes it's happening that's 53 lights
right now 77 like 86,000 905 951 I feel
really bad notification you're kind of
blowing up right on IG what did you do
why do I have 2000 like Sonic 3 what not
somewhere in there almost 200 times more
people taking my photos than regular now
we're going to talk a little bit
philosophically this isn't the news
anymore but what I find especially from
living in social media I mean my career
was made off of social media is that
it's an extension of our selves to a
degree it's allowing us to share these
moments of our lives with others and we
want people to appreciate them is that
in the form of a like or view probably
yes and so there is some meaningfulness
to that all right that is the new I'm
Jake this was being new and remember to
smash that like button because it's the
only thing that makes me feel valuable
or important in this life and hagas why
follow me on Instagram Twitter Facebook
snapchat I would say beam I'm head apps
dead All Right see you later
is it 3,000 likes now wow that's awful
did you go to song or simple I'm in
first
I really can't deal with having to clean
that up okay yeah okay are you gonna be
that pilot it is possible we hope to
launch that show soon ish like you know
weeks maybe a month something like that
like I said we're making it now this is
not ready yet
the second show that I'm anxious to do
is an investigative reporting show like
a once a week show where we like dive
really deep into one issue and pull that
apart and after that like I'd love to do
something that sports focused maybe
would live I'd love to do something that
is music or fashion focus that's more
cultural but that's the scope of the
ambition on the media side like it's
it's this is not talking head news we
want to really broaden our scope in what
we're doing and we want all the content
to be very like YouTube centric so I
hope that helps give you a better
understanding of what we're doing what
I've been focusing a lot of my time on
and and maybe even gets you a little bit
there's the Sun it's like impossible
that even lighting me and I will of
course say this like I think a lot of
people have concerns that CNN the
company might be heavy-handed in what
we're doing I think a lot of people have
concerns that what we're doing is going
to be like crazy liberal bullshit I
think people have concerns that like
it's not going to be me and when I don't
understand something I am immediately
skeptical of it so I would expect that
of you about this new thing that I
haven't done a good job explaining yet
but I say this
whether you are suspect of CNN suspect
of news or a new thing or whatever
here's my ass just check it out when we
launch if you think it's shit call us
out and tell us why it's shit if you
think it's really shit just never watch
it again but if you like it like let us
know let me know and let us know why and
that's the that's the very best I can do
if it is garbage and you don't like it
totally cool unsubscribe never watch it
again stop watching me but I think that
we are doing something interesting and
something new
we got awesome people working on it and
I hope that we're able to turn something
out that you're pumped for okay beam
coming to
Oh
