kid nice sunglasses where'd you get
those thank you and at the corner so
right there
I just yeah how'd you get the white the
white edges just primer not gloss and
not what was on it not mad primer
take care I do not know that person
today's Sunday today's a super low-key
day today started as family day we are
spending the day as a family and we're
going what are we doing we went to
breakfast Candice got in a fight with
these two old ladies sitting next to us
Candice got in a fight with these two
old ladies that were sitting there so
then went for a walk in the baby fell
asleep
then we went to some stinky perfume
store in the baby woke up got some
terrible ice cream and then we took a
cab home so now I'm here alone in the
office on a Sunday it's nice and quiet I
thought it'd be a good time to have a
little one-on-one talk I want to talk
about this idea I want to talk about it
for a while but I get nervous that I'll
come across is like didactic or preachy
but the truth is when I think of the
people that I've learned the most from
in life it's been the folks that haven't
been afraid to share their ideas
therefore I shouldn't worry about being
preachy and I should just speak I should
just share this idea is more of a
fundamental it's more of a principle
it's one of like my guiding rules in
life and I want to address it on this
blog because a lot of people in the
comments below whenever I do Q&A is a
lot of people ask me about what they
should do when they're sort of at any
kind of fork in the road any sort of
crossroads in life and they need to make
a decision what should they do and this
is like big life decisions not like what
should I have for lunch today
in life you should only ever be doing
one of two things and that is figuring
out what you're most passionate about
like finding your dreams in life and
then to realizing those passions
realizing those dreams and the first one
is much harder than the second one if
you know what you want to do no big deal
you just commit your entire life to
doing it and you'll either get really
close or you'll die trying but figuring
out what it is that excites you what it
is that you're most passionate about in
life is really really tricky so how how
I approach it and this is how I've
always approached it this is how I
approached it when I was on welfare when
I was 17 years old does I approach it
when I was washing dishes when I was 20
this is how I've approached my entire
life and that is to absolutely fixate on
what it is that I want to be doing all
day long every day like what am i doing
right now is this exactly where I want
to be and by always checking with myself
always checking in like
hitting that reset button I can always
be really confident in my actions
because I know that my ambition is true
it's like that platitude without a goal
you can't score I really believe in that
because if you can't see like the goal
posts how do you know which way to kick
the ball now this is by no means a
shortcut or a way to make life easier
every time I've sort of made a big
decision on what I wanted to do in life
or I've discovered a passion it's been
then like years of pain and years of
struggle to realize or to even get
myself on the course to realize that
when I first discovered filmmaking and I
was like this is all I want in life I
was 17 years old I was on welfare it
took me a decade before I figured out
how to make a living at it when I
decided that I didn't want to date
anymore I didn't want to be single that
I was unhappy I wanted a family it took
me years to talk Candice into marrying
me and then actually I was getting
married and then having a baby so
realizing it takes time and realizing
that requires commitment but it's that
first step that first decision point
that enables you to sort of realize the
ambition or at least begin the process
to realize that ambition this is
something I do every day even now I'm 34
years old I feel like I've come really
far in life but I want to go much
further and I'm constantly reevaluating
my decisions and what I'm doing to make
sure I'm on the path that I want to be
on you know do I want to live in New
York City forever I don't know I love
this town but the idea of raising
children here scares the crap out of me
so that's something I'm constantly
thinking about so anyways that's it it's
a pretty simple idea it's something that
I believe in to the point of it being
like religion I am always fixated on
what am i doing and what do I want to be
doing and then that guides me that is
like that that is the lighthouse that I
follow through the darkness so what do I
want to be doing right now right now I
want to be doing two things number one
sharing my ideas and sharing my
perspectives and make
these little creations that I plop on
YouTube every day and number two is my
new company and I know I haven't gotten
into it yet but the ambition behind that
company is to build something that can
empower that can affect everyone on
planet earth that can affect the whole
world I realized that sounds lofty and
ambitious but but your grasp should
always be just outside your reach what's
the point in having ambitions if they
aren't seemingly unattainable okay
that's it that's my big thought for
today back to our regularly scheduled
vlog tomorrow morning
