well that's awesome
it's pie-der-man
that's scary up there
I don't love getting presents
I never know how to react I always feel
like I'm not showing enough appreciation
and then I feel ingratiate it to whoever
gave me the gift but I love giving
presents I love giving presents on
holidays I love giving presents for no
reason at all I love giving people
presents tomorrow is Mother's Day I'm
running the Starbucks to get Candice and
coffee because tomorrow's Mother's Day
but I haven't I haven't actually gotten
or anything for Mother's Day yet and I'm
watching the baby all day today so I'm
in a bit of a conundrum here I'm also on
the motorized unicycle
yo what's up guys
I got the copy but the mothersday
problem remains
okay little update she's in the shower
now the trouble is I don't know how to
get away from her today long enough to
buy her some Mother's Day presents never
wait to the last minute I have a couple
of good Mother's Day present ideas but
they're going to be really tricky to
pull off without her noticing ready to
buy GG bye bye alright we're now out
shopping but we're like
joined-at-the-hip
I just stepped away for one second if I
don't succeed in doing something great
for Mother's Day this vlog episode will
also be a total bust
I think she's in here with all the other
moms are you photobombing me are you
shopping for Spanx it's so embarrassing
how did you know where I was I'm pushing
the baby around the lingerie section of
Bloomingdale's well can't disguise on
Spanx
these are playing great music okay quick
update we are grabbing lunch now and
then she's gonna go meet her friends so
I can work bye okay bye bye and so it
begins
okay so I made it to my office I just
want to quickly explain some of my
thinking behind the Mother's Day gift
giving before I hit the road okay so
here's what I'm thinking this is a
three-part attack plan three parts
you've got your one you've got your two
you've got your three now here we've got
smile and swooned that's the gift that's
gonna make her go oh very important
number two
that's surprise and delight surprise sir
prop prot serpro I don't want to spell
surprise if it's spelt wrong I apologize
surprise Z surprise with an S though I
don't have a small surprise okay
part three that's shock and awe and AH
now we're all three of these factors
overlap that is the sweet spot for all
the married men out there and all the
young men who someday aspired to be
married the highest level of
appreciation you can ever get from your
wife is good job so this is what I
strive for right here let's discuss
actionable shock-and-awe happens to be
my specialty it's just it's gratuitous
sensationalism it's just a way so when
she wakes up it screams at our happy and
Mother's Day so I do that with flowers
and balloon surprise and delight now
this one requires quite a bit of
forethought now I've got something
amazing going on here I got Candice a
bicycle with a baby seat on the back
pretty good then the smiling spoon this
is the trickiest of them all I'm going
to get like a beautiful picture frame
and right Candice's first Mother's Day
something like that and then the date in
there and then I'm going to take
Francine's hands put them in paint and
put it in there
so this is my strategy here it gets a
little bit complicated because it gets a
little complicated because this I have
to actually do before tomorrow I don't
know how to pull that off this stuff I
can get now hide it at the office I
guess come get it in the middle of the
night the bike I'm going to go pick up
this afternoon and then I'm not sure I'm
not sure where to hide it but I'll
figure it out
this is really the variable this is the
unknown it's definitely the smile and
swoon that I'm most concerned about okay
I gotta get the hell out of the studio
now so I can go get started on this
operation
I think I went maybe a little overboard
with the balloons works I guess
literally one minute after I dropped off
those balloons I get a text from Candace
saying I need your help because the
baby's crying so now I got a race to go
find her
and act like everything's cool did you
have a nice day with mommy Francine did
you have a nice day mommy got it smells
like weed again our neighbors love weed
and mighty taiko hey are you sure you're
okay till 7:00 I'll be right back sorry
bye now she's putting the baby to bed
now so I have no idea what I'm going to
do like the baby handprint in the frame
thing
looking good
okay quick inventory here smile and swim
picture frame in the basket of the bunch
got it shock and awe
that's flowers balloons got the balloons
flowers are there check final surprise
and delight which is the bicycle right
there
getting close - good job Casey its 451
in the morning I try to hit the balloons
the balloons are the real risk if one of
these pops in the living room there's no
way she's not waking up set dogs in the
screen so I think I bring in the bike
first the flower second the balloons
last I bring in the balloons and small
batches to make sure they don't touch
the walls of the seal okay I'm in my
apartment building I can get the bicycle
first no one stole it that's the flowers
and all that remains now or the balloons
get 6 a.m. now balloons are in place
bike is in place drawing is in place
flowers are in place everyone's still
asleep and the dog hasn't barked
I think the babies are
francy I need you to help me with one
last present for mommy okay will you
help me you did a nice job
oh my god Stacy you always go so crazy
