but bye guys really good to see you
thank you for coming by the real treat
you know those days when you just you
catch yourself walking around smiling
and you have to stop you're like why am
i smiling today those days are the best
days I wish every day were those days
but it's not but today is one of those
days I'm not sure why welcome to the
vlog look what time it is it's 12 19 and
I'm just now leaving the house this is
rare for me
but I'm running extremely behind today
see last night was the Met Gala this big
party
it's like prom for adults and I didn't
leave the Met Gala till 1:30 in the
morning I got home at 2:00 in the
morning I started editing the video for
Vogue that I shot there I finished that
at 6:00 in the morning and then I
started editing yesterday's vlog which I
finished about 15 minutes ago so I
haven't slept in two days but I got all
my work done two movies in 12 hours
that's not bad 11 hours and I feel great
eyes are a little dark though yeah it is
my 12:30 meeting come yet they're on
their way okay big guy
bye what's happening today I don't know
just a great day it is a good day
hey guys
by Nicole by Tim Kuhn a time QA time QA
time design you will put up your tripod
super fast Q&A time questions questions
questions
how's it going Louie join me for a QA
I'm gonna talk about you like you're not
here ok this is Louis Cole Louis is the
godfather of daily vlogging and I think
I can speak for every daily vlogger on
the interweb that he is a tremendous
inspiration I don't know how he does it
amazing content every day for the last
900 days anyways good to have you oh
thanks Madalyn sir hey Musa looks me
alright let's answer some questions
Harry wants to know Harry wants to know
do you learn more from success or
failure you want to take a stab at this
um yeah I'd say I think I learn more
from failure
I guess all of us have this need or want
to succeed in some way but when you fail
at something especially when it's like a
dramatic fail you really makes you stop
and take kind of thing like why did I
feel like how can I avoid this I think
that it's always the toughest times in
your life that
define who you are much more so than the
easiest times or the best times so
failures are typically some of the
hardest times of your life so when I
look back and I see all sort of the
pivotal moments in my life it was always
the struggle it was always the failure
that motivated me not the like
loveliness of success what's your
favorite country to travel to I like I
like South Africa I was gonna say South
Africa cuz that's where I fell in love
with my wife
unanimous feign wants to know what's
your favorite thing about making movies
what I love about making movies is it's
a way to share my perspectives and share
my ideas with an audience that goes
beyond the person sitting next to me and
that's a really that's a really powerful
thing and that is one of the biggest
motivators and that is that is about
that is what about moviemaking that that
that I appreciate the most
so here's a good one for me so it
halfway through the Q&A asking pretty
well how the other guy oh yeah did where
this is where on my vlog time sorry the
trouble is vloggers so let me let me
answer this one so Connor said Louis
what do you admire about Casey and I'd
say I love his uniqueness is creativity
just that there's nothing there's
nothing that I can see that he's modeled
and those been inspired by a lot of
different things like it's it's just
constant uniqueness I feel like every
time I watch one of his videos he's
trying something different
he's doing a different angle he's
playing around with even this thing of
like a split screen like I just love
that I love though this by the way
making Lois disappear earlier was really
complicated took us like a lot of
thinking to figure out how to do that
yeah thank you for saying that that's
good well okay here's a question I love
Maddie thank you for asking how tired
are you of being asked what camera you
shot something with extremely tired it's
the least interesting I just linked mine
in every description because I'm just
like look just look in the description
what's the best advice you would give to
someone who's worried about their future
what to do after school
my advice is always the same which is
keep yourself extremely busy as long as
you're doing something you will
find your path it's when you get lazy
that everything becomes cute everything
becomes gray or foggy it's easier to ya
on the back of that it's easier to steer
something that's already moving if
you're just static and stationary so to
build momentum you're a poet Leah yeah
Casey are you gonna ever make your hair
like Louise we kind of know man I don't
have a patient yeah you're like okay
this is what I see bit lot of dress this
is what this is fun for Casey all right
let's kill it there okay wait we have
something that we want to share with the
audience which is that we made our
friends hi hide in my office will you
lock them in yeah no air conditioning
it's just hot back here they're all
bossy and shiny from sweat all right
guys I gotta kick you out thank you for
coming by it was lovely to see all of
you we later in the week especially you
I'll see you later this week yeah let's
get together let's do it this is that
daily vlogger thing again bye Larry good
bye guys and there they go that's true
what does he have a giant Gummer yeah
why would it why wouldn't he have a
gigantic teddy bear of course you have a
gigantic teddy bear Jerome welcome she's
gonna like yeah I think she's gonna love
it okay there's a final girls waiting
downstairs I promise to come say hi
apparently there's a guy outside yeah
who's been waiting to say hi so we're
gonna go say hi
dude I'm sorry you've been waiting not
so long no yesterday I was waiting for
like maybe an hour so I'm so sorry
Jerome is coming to me Francine for the
first time he brought the spare as a
present for the baby
alright let's boogie Jack I'll see you
tomorrow don't electrocute yourself
Francine who's that is that uncle Jerome
you're leaving tomorrow yeah you bummed
I don't want to leave friend Dina
morning
look at these two kind of look like 11
years this is all I ever asked for front
of your fan this there's a little
section it's not a mirror I think you
look great
bye guys have a good night
come
