seeing an old pigeon
okay I think this little guys sick how
do you help a sick kitchen I'm not thank
you just stand up going out at night I
would always rather work or stay home
with the wife and kid but sometimes
there's like really irresistible fun
things that you just can't say no to and
in that case I feel okay about it today
tonight is one such occasion
I think I hope I don't know what to
expect today is a to backpack day one in
the front one in the back G backpacks
morning
cutting out of the office early a lot of
moving parts this afternoon so I've got
to get home you got to get changed got a
look at these guys and then I've got it
like pack up all my gear and then I've
got to go uptown my assignment tonight
is to like shoot a video about this
party or me going to this party Vogue
was incredibly vague they kind of were
just like roll with it
okay I'm running a little late I'm gonna
bring my tuxedo bring my shoes I'm just
gonna wear this and then get dressed up
there no this is probably a bad idea but
I gotta put my tuxedo in my backpack I
just need you to ride up there with me
and like keep an eye on the cameras and
help me get situated close it yeah okay
thank you dear I appreciate it let's do
it so the thing that I'm realizing that
a little bit confusing or stressful is
that I'm shooting this movie for Vogue
but I also have to shoot my vlog they
used the same part of the brain and I'm
not sure how I'm supposed to keep track
of everything trihard trihard thanks
jack
on my way to the party I'm stopping by
this hotel to get some pointers on
another iPhone shoot in fairness I kind
of am an iPhone movie experts so I don't
mind helping you out
so this is the hotel here this shouldn't
take long god I hope this doesn't take
long
we have a perimeter okay in this hotel
room now this is the view that's my
tuxedo I'm gonna help them with this
shoot get dressed here and then go from
here to the party finally they got the
dress
ladies in here all right feel pretty
good about it I don't know how to tie a
bowtie in one hour is the Met Ball and
I'm so excited to finally show to Justin
the clothes that we did for him
Bogg we're gonna rock the red carpet
one way Olivia that was perfect should
we nothing coming out behind it so I
think the next video right we discuss
what we're gonna what I'm gonna wear you
should come and do the phones okay great
you're the window you get better light
in your face like turn around 180 so
it's not vertical because then it
doesn't they're playing this for like
beginner yup there they go
vogue all right so we're trying to
discuss what we're gonna wear right now
right yes let's try to discover as you
like something I don't that's the new
prints he's gonna Rob the red carpet
fashion Prince is here all right cool
done perfect yeah I'll see you guys I
have just enough time today take care
buddy
yo Jack point we're so late let's go
Cinderella is late for the ball I still
don't know how to tie a bowtie but I
will figure that out later
let's check this guy out yeah I love
this town this is where I'm going right
here I'm supposed to be over there okay
looking about your bike okay you're good
to go anywhere without the bike your
goal ma'am almost
I'll take almost I'm sweating like a
whore in church over here yeah I can try
am I good yeah I think so now I'm ready
for the big show
okay tie is bowties tied dressed ready
to clean myself up a little bit
immediately this is a dedicated selfie
camera how long do you get dressed
took me 15 minutes
their situation is amazing selfie
interview it is
we'll leave the red carpet now try to
exhaust it now all that hadn't there
were drinks I really wanted like some
tiny cheeseburgers or something and
there were no turning cheeseburgers so I
mean you know try to find some food but
yeah it's fun
we're being photographed
like 11 o'clock
it's like 11 o'clock finally getting out
of here now that was a super fun night
just gotta get change put on my civilian
clothes get out of here
