I always catch Candace in the morning
watching my vlogs
were you watching honey nothing hmm I
just like to see myself
life life is so much better when you
have someone to share it with when you
have family to share with it's great
when you have friends to share it with
it's amazing and if you're really really
lucky if you meet a stranger in your
lifetime and decide that you want to
share your life with that stranger
that's amazing that is the that is one
of the greatest parts of life a shared
life is a great life but by but by
Francine
I'll see you later just check this out
real question look at that closet
it's almost organized in there I just
say that because you'll notice I'm
wearing different clothes today that I
have been to last month it's because I
found them in my closet when Candace
cleaned it the reason why we come here
for all of our breakfast means is it's
like the best breakfast place downtown
all their eggs were organic and
delicious and their fruits amazing and
they have this cow out front I have the
eggs this morning
Pepi eggs this morning they were
delicious
I got sigh okay yesterday's vlog I was
talking about true originals I have a
very I have one of my favorite
filmmakers one of the greatest
filmmakers in my office right now mr.
Joshua safty Josh and I made a couple
movies together including including this
movie daddy longlegs which premiered at
the Cannes Film Festival
Sundance which one all the stuff that
everybody wants to hear did the Sundance
Film Festival we won we won this we won
this award for a movie for the same
movie dining long legs
anyways all of this success was under
this guy's brilliance and his brother's
brilliance and Josh is here today
showing me the trailer for his new film
which just give me like five accolades
from this movie it showed at Venice Film
Festival Toronto Film Festival won the
Tokyo grand prize and Weinstein Company
radius is releasing it
so anyways josh is kind of a big deal
and we're watching his new trailer here
which like and this is a watermark cuz
no one's allowed to see it yet we're
watching it could play I'm so sorry
things had to come to this
it's so good so good
I saw the movie at the New York Film
Festival right yeah at the New York Film
Festival it's amazing anyways I'll put a
link to the trailer below if I don't I'm
sorry it's because Josh wouldn't let me
euros I'm very happy to announce at
today's the day that I make a vlog all
about Candice here's the story about
Candice one that I've never told Candice
was a waitress when she moved to New
York City she's a bartender she was a
waitress and she had this dream of
starting a jewelry company so her and
her girlfriend started this company and
they ran it out of her apartment like
literally off the kitchen table and it
grew and it grew and it grew and then
her and her partner sort of went
separate ways they had a falling-out
Candice didn't know what to do she
wanted to shut down the company and this
is right when her and I were getting
serious and I remember thinking to
myself I could never be with a quitter I
could never be with somebody who just
gives up when the going gets tough cuz
that's what she wanted to do after her
and her partner split up but she didn't
she stuck with it she made the company
more successful than it ever was with
her partner and like when that happened
when she did that that's when I knew
that I wanted to spend the rest of my
life with this girl that was when I
bought the ring that was when I proposed
to her is because I knew she wasn't a
quitter she was a fighter she was an
ambitious creative smart fighter and
that's who Candice is she's also cute
and shy and gets nervous about being on
these blogs
riding my bike up to Candace's office
now she's like ten blocks away from my
office
/ elevators locked so I had to take the
stairs no wait I thought you said today
was Candace vlog day I made promises to
the viewers
this is Candace's super fancy showroom
and this is all press for her company
like look that's all for jewelry from a
magazine and that's like some really
pretty famous person with her jewelry on
and we're pretty stuff and this is like
that pretty famous person and this
famous person and that famous stuff
why don't you like to be on camera cuz I
feel silly why do you feel silly I don't
know some people just feel natural in
front of it and I don't I'm like gonna
have a panic attack right now
why don't we crowdsource questions okay
that's a good idea right yeah if Frankie
was a boy what would her name be Frankie
that's a good answer
do you think she looks like Pam from the
office or is it just me she kinda
doesn't like Pam from the office wow
she's really heard um how do you design
such awesome jewelry I'd like though the
answer to that um just do it have an
idea and do it like that
what about Casey's work do you find most
interesting your inhibition my
inhibition what does that mean it means
um you do whatever you think is right
instead of what other people think is
right thank you don't look normal relax
okay
Luke wants to know what pisses you off
most about having Casey as a spouse the
battery's gonna die before she finishes
this go um that's hard because it's also
the thing that I admire the most about
you what's that how hard you work okay
thank you that's nice ooh I like this
question do you get jealous of all the
female admirers Casey has no really
we're not much jealousy in our
relationship who are you most proud to
have worn your jewelry Giselle Giselle
that was a good one
Karlie Kloss Karlie Kloss she's the most
recent good one how did you need Carly
Foss random how do you tolerate Casey's
vlog so I can get my wife to tolerate
mine I always support your man okay I'm
answering this question which one of
your which one of Casey's tattoos is
your favorite on our second date on our
second date Candice and I thought it'd
be a really good idea to tattoo each
other's names on
are like foot huh it was her idea she
paid for it okay that we broke up and
she got hers covered up and I didn't
that's Candace is that your favorite
tattoo that I have you have to say yes
yes um why don't you like being Casey's
vlogs I don't like being judged in any
way I think that's fair
did you see my vlog about being judge
yes and then some bitch says something
about me um what's your ideal place to
travel with me
Amsterdam and Cape Town am strands where
I proposed to her Cape Town's where we
got married uh are you going to start
your own rival YouTube channel Casey
they can just give you advice about the
vlog or the new company yes I don't they
have to do it without our support Oh
where's married life with Casey like
non-stop what does that mean chaos
that's my new word for you what just
non-stop chaos Gretchen wants to know
have you ever doubted Casey not once
since the minute I met you so nice all
right that's it end of the Q&A
stop I have to sit here stop sending
questions thanks for being the vlog is
there anything else you want to say no
sorry I'm so boring you're not boring
catch me after a shot of tequila she
does like tequila
