this is the DJI spark come DJI spark 5
combo fly more combo pack this is the
official DJI spark I did do an earlier
video about the spark but that was with
a prototype unit this is the official
shippable unit as it will appear in
stores biggest detail here in this box
is the controller for the spark now for
this video we comparing the sparks with
the controller to the DJI Mavic with
controller I do want to make it
abundantly clear before I begin this
review that I'm not being paid by a I've
never been paid 5 DJI this is an
impartial review but I'm a huge fan of
DJI so it's sort of like a little bit
bias because I like the product so much
first the unboxing documentation this is
the actual drone battery extra
propellers solar propeller guard charger
AC adapter the charger that's everything
the bag yet the case yet the drone
itself eight I think eight propeller
blade or propeller guards you get the
charger and get two batteries and I
think it maybe even comes with an SD
card this is six hundred ninety nine
bucks seems like a good deal
now one interesting kid that I did want
to zero in on be consisting is all about
portability is this is the case it comes
with this is the case you need for the
battery for the charger for the
controller for everything
this is the case that the Mavic prompted
now the Mavic is a considerably bigger
drone them the spark but at the end of
the day you need all this stuff with you
so you're carrying it all in the case
matter case spark case they're almost
the same size they're going to take up
almost the same amount of real estate in
your backpack
that's an interesting consideration okay
let's get into this then this is the
controller for the DJI spark and this is
a controller for the Maverick both
extremely similar looking devices I will
say this one feels the spark one feels a
little bit lighter and like maybe a
little bit cheaper feeling and the spark
does not have this LED readout the nabek
controller does have now without having
actually use this yet I can tell you the
LED readout is not super critical
because you always use these controllers
of the phone information presented on
this LED readout is redundant to the
phone not entirely necessary I think
they put it on the Maverick because they
intended for people to use the
controller without a phone but who wants
that you can't see the picture to lay
out the same buttons are the same got
these great little x-wing fighter arms
here and that's where you stick and
that's where you stick the phone
I do want to say as a very strong aside
DJ I made a lot of fuss about the fact
that you can control these and they're
fully operational using justa phone you
can also use hand controls things like
that I think that's great whatever it
feels a little bit like a gimmick to me
I want to use a drone to take beautiful
aerial cinematography whether it's a
tiny drone or a big drone and when you
just have a phone you're trying to use
essentially buttons that have this kind
of tactical feedback
you're trying to emulate that using
nothing but a touchscreen it's imprecise
on top of it being harder to control
because of the lack of buttons and this
is a really big deal when you're using
your phone it's nothing more than the
Wi-Fi signal from your phone so the
range is severely limited every time I
use the spark using just my phone it was
never able to get more than really like
70 or 80 feet away from me now in the
box here are these propeller guards they
attach on something like this propeller
guards are really great for two things
that if you're a total novice a total
beginner they will protect your drone
and two if you're flying indoors in
really tight quarters they'll also be
helpful there and not really for me
though
for the extra light test I'm going to go
outside to a more open safe location but
now I've had this spark prototype for a
few months one aspect of the sparked
it's sort of hard to capture the review
like this is how quiet and discreet it
is even thematic when you fire that
thing up it does a super fit and it acts
a crowd and then it grew loud but the
spark is quiet and small and somewhat
innocuous people see it as a toy instead
of a my single favorite feature of the
spark and this may seem silly but this
is a big deal for me is the fact that
you can just plug a microUSB cable into
the spark itself in charge of the
battery portable battery charger plug it
in this thing is charging right now
that's a big deal it can be charging in
my backpack
alright so this is me setting up the
controller for the DJI spark for the
first time you have to go into your
phone and like literally connect to the
Wi-Fi it doesn't say the password button
below the password to the Wi-Fi
perfectly Wi-Fi password is located
under the stickers that are basically
inaudible okay I think I've got it just
you know that took me 20 minutes to
figure out that whole setup process was
confusing and frustrating and took a
long time but I'm hoping maybe that's
just because it was the first time that
I did it now at a time for a long
awaited flight test now what I'm going
to try and do is do some complicated but
beautiful cinematography with the drone
and then try to replicate that
cinematography with thematic compare the
two shot
so cute
this looks really good
all right I do have to say responsive
responsiveness feels fantastic the image
preview quality that you get on the
screen right here is dynamite my
complaints about radio versus Wi-Fi are
unfounded it's really really good and
the drone is way the hell out there
one of the biggest technical hurdles of
the spark versus the phantom or any of
the other DJI drones is that this only
shoots in 1080 that's the highest
resolution thematic issue ting natively
in 4k now if you're watching this back
on a cell phone you might not be able to
tell but watch it back in 4k on a big
monitor you'll be able to see the
difference and it's it's significant
okay despite all my bitching about that
Wi-Fi nonsense that was pretty
incredible I think it way further than I
had expected the image quality on this
thing was amazing and
all right so in conclusion biggest
concerns with this were around it's like
fly ability how easy is it to control in
the air because on the phone they kind
of suck using the controller it's
perfect it's ace it's everything I
wanted it's incredible controls are
tight they're if they're specific it's
responsive it does exactly what you want
it to do it just kind of leaves one big
question which is the million dollar or
a 300 Oller question which is for $6.99
for the whole package do you get this or
for 9.99
to get the whole package of the mavet
and I think it if you're a novice if
you're new to drone this is the way to
go save the money and this thing is
amazing if you've had any experience or
you have bigger aspirations for what you
can do with the drone spend the extra
money get the Mavic you won't have any
regrets both so are great options for
drones and I will never stop being
impressed and just how tiny you give me
