let's talk about copycats let's talk
about ripoff artists people who copy
your original ideas and then pass them
off as their own people who hide behind
this idea that they were inspired by
your work but actually just steal it
wholesale
I believe in inspiration ah my work is
inspired by filmmakers I look up to like
like Verner Herzog and Steven Spielberg
and Stanley Kubrick and Wes Anderson and
if you look closely you can see that
inspiration in my work I'm not talking
about that I'm talking about wholesale
theft the thing about being original
about original ideas is that it's about
looking internally what motivates me in
finding ideas there the thing about
theft is that you cheat you just look at
what somebody else is doing and say I'll
just do what he's doing and I'll pretend
that was my own idea
the really tough part about that is how
hard how much work it takes to be
original how much how much brainpower
how much consideration it takes to make
sure you're coming up with ideas that
are truly your own just to have them
ripped off just to have them stolen and
it gets really frustrating when they're
stolen by people that have big
followings so a lot of their followings
don't know that this work was stolen
there's certainly no credit there and
it's painful
you can copy the mechanics you can copy
a style you can copy an aesthetic but
ripoff artists can never emulate the
heart the heart behind telling a great
story the soul behind something that
actually moves or affects people in an
emotional way so there's that copycats
ripoff artists keep original people on
their toes because what it means is if
you want to stay original you need to
stay way way ahead of the curve you've
got to stay so far out there that the
rip-off artists are just chasing you
down and they will never actually catch
up I hope this isn't starting today's
vlog from like a negative or aggressive
place I'm just frustrated and I feel I
need to share that frustration with you
thank you for listening also I really I
don't say this to discourage anyone from
creating anything I would just always
check yourself and ask yourself are you
copying someone are you thinking for
yourself and if it's not the latter
maybe rethink your process a good rule
of thumb is this if you're constantly
being told that your work is a copy of
someone else's you're doing it wrong and
if you're constantly being told that
your work is being ripped off by someone
else you're probably doing it right it's
a lovely sunny day in lower Manhattan
I'm running to Brooklyn that's 11.1
miles in a 727 pace great day for a run
hey Candace pool yeah I know it's warm
out today I just want to remind you
you're a mom and I think the short
skirts like that I mean it was too short
bye Candace gasps is showing
ah I don't know who sent this to me but
thank you I'll be back in 25 I have a
meeting this morning with my friend
Carly Carly is a businesswoman she's
also an investor in my new company she
also was about to start a YouTube
channel that I'm helping her with she's
also a supermodel but she hates it when
I call her that
only on my skateboard right here
I ripped a hole in the crotch of my
games never skateboard in tight jeans
Carly has a gold Apple watch Carly
did you spray-paint that or that uh that
is pure solid gold baby that's pure
actual gold there if you want me to
spray paint it silver I'll do that for
you very generous of you
are you getting a taxi and I you Karlie
Kloss I'll see you later bye Carly back
to the grind cobblestones sorry I have a
super interesting meeting right now for
my wedding
Candace's parents got me a Rolex I never
wore it
so I hated how heavy it was for my
birthday and escabi just sweet like
sports fan for the Rolex and last week
it broke and I dropped the watch I
caught it on camera
anyways the guy who makes this band saw
that on the vlog he flew to New York to
rectify the situation this is the
meeting I'm about to walk into what's up
what's up guys
nice watch yeah they fixed it and just
had it fixed but this is the one that
broke and look now the top one is giving
way don't worry we're gonna fix
everything
oh good attitude yeah okay so you're the
person who did this install the wrong
one yeah put the wrong one in so it's
glad I even came by hacks
I would totally spray-paint this a
different color I think Candace would
divorce me so we found the culprit
look at that busted corkscrew of a pin
that's why it broke
but Candace he just took apart my bed
and he said that your guys put the wrong
pin in but that's okay it happens you
don't have to yell at me alright we're
gonna get back to work you're Candace
I'll teach you ttyl Tiki Tiki Oh Jeff
wanna show these guys your watch
smile ooh watch Jack got a pink Apple
watch today manliest collar available
yes this thing is completely do dish
go buy an Everest watch band for your
Rolex obviously thank you so much Casey
I can get back to work bye guys hang out
as long as you want okay see you man I
love those guys
I love this guy
what is it he's cute just dumped a
garbage can over and then these guys are
picking it up I mean come on we live
here
protests happening on Broadway we're
watching from the apart well I'm
watching it from the window
