I can give a few reasons why the
elevators not working let me try see if
I can help you here I just be the bubble
level topsis how about that maybe you
broke it
oh no you got it buh-bye good luck with
your photo shoot make sure to look extra
pretty is the dog gonna be in it
Candice and Francie enter doing a photo
shoot this morning for some sort of
fashion thing so cute last night was the
first night ever that Francine slept
through the night
I woke up this morning and I was like
what is that feeling I realized I felt
rested no dollar pizza today I'm
drinking this poison instead I got to
stay strong totally forgot about a photo
shoot happening this morning in my other
space oops
yo didn't pee man you too you too Austin
he runs a website called things
organized neatly what's the URL things
organized neatly tumblr calm it's trying
to webby hey congratulations
thanks it's pretty amazing you should
definitely check it out so let's see
this is what the shop looks like yeah
well that's pretty awesome
great I'm site for it I'm psyched - man
thanks a lot guys see you later
okay now I can finally do the QA roll
the intro
also there's a garbage truck outside
today doing whatever it is garbage
trucks food
so if the sound is terrible I apologize
there's nothing I can do if I've never
answered any of your questions one I'm
sorry I try to find questions that have
like questions that challenge me a
little bit ones that I think the answer
will be interesting to a broader
audience than just the person who asked
it okay Chris wants to know will you
continue vlogging after your new
businesses up and running I hope so
one of the reasons why I started this
vlog is because my new business is
taking so much of my time that I wasn't
making any movies so by having a vlog
it's a way for me to talk about my
business it's a way for me to make sure
I keep making movies it's just a way of
like keeping me engaged with something I
really love so I hope to maintain this
as long as I can if my business starts
to suffer I'll back off on the vlogs but
that's up to me to to control so I like
to think I can figure it out besides the
Empire State Building what's your
favorite building the Chrysler Building
on average how long does it take you to
put together your vlogs I don't know if
you mean like post-production like
editing anywhere between like 2 and 7
hours to edit these things I do it at
home at night in my apartment in my
underwear I can't take the sound okay
I'm moving my Q&A operation that's just
- okay better quiet back here
Chloe Donald wants to know what's your
least favorite thing about New York the
noise pollution
there's no silence anywhere in the city
any hour of any day Adam wants to know
tell me how to succeed as in motivation
I can't tell you that you have to find
your own motivation can't rely on other
people Andrew wants to know how do you
surround yourself with the right people
that's a great question I don't know how
to surround yourself with the right
people what I do is like eliminate the
bad people if you're somebody that I
don't want in my life
get out what's the bump on your
daughter's head her birthmark it'll go
away poor thing it's amazing how often I
get asked the same questions can you
watch the other q and A's before you ask
your question please how do you not give
a shit about what anyone thinks and just
do your own thing
that's a two-part answer - a two-part
question the first part about
do you just do your own thing in life
you have two options you can do your own
thing and stand out or you can do what
you're supposed to do you can do what
everyone else does and you can fit in
there's nothing wrong with fitting in
but you're fitting into cultural or
societal norms that were created by
other people now in some cases these
norms are great but in others they don't
make sense these norms these rules were
created by someone someone just like you
or someone just like me I don't know who
created these norms chances are they
weren't anyone smarter than you or me
and if I'm not a fan of the way things
are I just do my own thing because I
trust myself and I trust my perspective
more so than that of other people part
two how do you not give it about what
people think of you mmm
I should preface this answer by saying I
definitely got made fun of a lot for the
way that I look when I was in school and
all those bullies that picked on me are
all losers now so never forget that
people who judge others especially
people who judge others based on things
like looks on whether you're black or
white whether you're Jewish or you're
Muslim whether you are gay or straight
because of their body type whether
they're fat or skinny whether you have
pimples or whether you have a big butt
these judgmental people their opinions
don't matter because they don't matter
judgmental people are of a lower moral
authority than those who don't judge and
we people who don't judge we have a
responsibility to crush to destroy those
mean judgmental bullies and we do that
with an overwhelming positivity and we
do that with our extreme open-mindedness
and when you subscribe to those those
values you really stop caring what other
people think because chances are if
other people are judging you they're
wrong Gordon wants to know could you
convince Candace to do your vlog one day
actually this morning try to convince
her to let me do a whole vlog about her
so I'm working on it
Candace is great in these vlogs and
she's so pretty
but I understand she gets a little shy
sometimes
I gotta stop I'm going to stop my Q&A
there hope today's Q&A was interesting
more Q&A again next week special guest
in the office today nope not that guy
nope not that guy either these two honey
check out Francine shoes those are
awesome to just come in a box of
Cheerios yeah just go to the gym today
yes she good fine
yes and they have less you tell
everybody bye Candace
by Francine I'll see you soon bye guys
5:15
leaving the office now it's a fairly
responsible time before you going now
this is a great David Weiner we're
having a business meeting any you want
to share ideas Weiner uh it's a
beautiful day here in New York all right
yeah I know are you sure that young lady
wants to be photographed David she
doesn't have any clothes on looks like
she needs a friend honey I'm home
it smells like pot in the hallway it's
our neighbors
