this is deeply disturbing it says New
York City Children's Services Division
Youth and Family Justice and it's like
this terrifying looking van with
padlocks and metal windows
do they put children in that band
this this is vlog number 34
yesterday was vlog number 33 but I
labeled yesterday's vlog 32 so out of 32
vlogs I've missed numbered four of them
so my failure rate when it comes to
numbering these vlogs is over 10%
editing these things is like effortless
for me it's pure intuition but numbering
them putting text the titles it requires
every ounce of energy I could give them
and I still pick it up ten percent of
the time
not only cars free you are the only car
on the street and on top of that I can
clearly see your ticket from up here a
budget your budget two tickets a month
all right got a solid hour this morning
can you get in some miles ten point
seven miles at a 718 pace special
feature with this morning's walk to work
Candace is leaving living look at that
happy Monday morning face I'm gonna go
buy okay
special special segment for today's vlog
I don't know what this segment is yeah I
guess this is let's talk about business
this is a really abstract let's talk
about business segments plus I really
want to place intro again
I need like a prop for this but I think
it's up there I want to tell the story
of my HBO show why this is part of the
narrative behind my new business this
project this series this show
represented what was my greatest
achievement and what is my greatest
failure of my career thus far okay
here's the super abbreviated story of
how the show came to be in 2000 plus
five my brother van and I met this
incredible man named Tom Scott he's the
Tom from Tom and Tom that invented
Nantucket nectars Nantucket nectars
began with two guys named Tom yes that
is the top anyways that guy Tom had sold
Nantucket nectars and he started this
public-access TV network and he asked my
brother me to make a movie about his
public-access TV networks the only
creative direction he gave us was make
sure it's respectable so we made this
movie it was called the respectability
tour we made this movie for Tom he loved
it and then he came to my brother and me
and he just said he said let's do
something big together and we said let's
do a TV show at the end of that year we
took that out to Los Angeles and we
shopped it most places didn't like it
HBO loved it so
we sold it to them okay a quick recap I
was a kid
poor in my trailer park making movies
with a big drink a few years later I
sold my own TV show to HBO the biggest
baddest name in television this is where
my biggest failure begins because that
was by far my biggest success at the
time but HBO didn't air the show for two
years and in those two years I did
nothing I did nothing because I hadn't
made it I'd sold my show something I
made to the biggest baddest TV channel
in the business I had made it then they
aired the show I honestly expected my
whole life to be different but the truth
is nothing changed and then they ran
reruns and all the Apple is kind of over
in like six months and this is where the
most valuable lesson comes in you never
actually make it there's never any
making it
you've never arrived like that platitude
the journey is the destination it's
clich√© for a reason because it's really
true I'm just going to do a little
drawing that shows what I mean what I
say you never actually make it start and
then here is life and for me I start
busting my busting my chops and I find
this success and then I get to this
place right here and this is when HBO
bought my show and I thought this was
making it I thought I had made it right
there so I backed off I stopped fighting
and I just kind of like chilled out and
did nothing for a couple of years and
then the show aired and it was like over
and I looked around and here's where I
was this is where I learned that like
life does have ups and downs but you
have to keep fighting and busting your
ass to go like this you've got to
maintain that you can never get
comfortable because when you get
comfortable this is what happens
Comfort this this is comfort comfort is
declined
this is fight you fight your way up so
when I said that this story has an
abstract connection with my new company
I started this new company and there was
no reason for me to start a new company
I mean that I was doing really great for
the first time in my life I had like
some job security there's no reason for
me to start this company but the desire
was there and the desire had to be
respected I couldn't get comfortable I
had to keep fighting so that's why I'm
rolling the dice and that's why I'm
going for it right now
is because is because this this will
never happen again in my life this is me
and this is the horrible hard-fought
lesson that was my HBO series so the
take away you've never made it with each
success must come a newer and more
ambitious goal you haven't crossed the
finish line until you die broke leaving
the world a better place than when you
found it back to the new company this is
the bigger more ambitious goal
leading the office now seven o'clock
have a dinner meeting tonight which I'd
like to get ready I'm in the bathroom of
this place where we're having our
business meeting I'm very sleepy I'm
having trouble keeping my eyes open now
pull it together
