this is awesome
so cool
you think I was Sean Penn I am not Sean
Penn but that car is awesome
for years when I worked in advertising
the first thing that clients or agencies
would always ask me is can you make us a
viral video and my answer was always no
I had no idea how to make a viral video
I can make you a really good video and
maybe it'll go viral but I don't know
how to make a viral video and that's the
truth that's it
every once in a while the moon's aligned
with Pluto and there is a circumstance
where in there is a ripe opportunity for
making a movie with a very high
probability of virality I think today
might be one of those days by Francine
Popeye Byzantine Popeye by Gigi have a
good day with your treats
by Candace I'm psyched to dedicate
today's entire blog this idea of how to
make a viral movie but I'm a little bit
concerned because if I don't actually
make this viral movie or if I do make it
and it doesn't go viral then I'm not
going to have much of a blog for today
okay so here's the plan
I I want to take an Apple watch like the
cheap one and then spray-paint it gold
and make a perfect gold Apple watch for
like the price of the cheapest one but
there are a ton of variables here mainly
and then I don't have a watch I tried to
get one the morning they came out but is
like delivery might be in May so I was
like that I'll just get one in the store
when they're launched and then they
announced that they're not selling them
in the store but I've secured one it's
my friends he should be bringing it by
soon there's like a lot of moving parts
to make a viral film and get it out
there in time for it to actually pop I
feel pretty teed up for it today it's
like all of the pins are lined up I just
got a roll a strike so what I'm going to
try and do now is like all the shots I
can that I need to build out this story
without the watch that way when it does
get here I can just like nail out those
last shots with it and then get the
movie posted timeliness is everything
today
we're going to go to the Apple store now
tor try to get like some setup shots for
the video I hope they'll let us film in
there I think they will Apple is usually
pretty cool about this stuff
how's that for timing and as we pull up
to the Apple store to look at watches I
break my Rolex
okay we failed we failed to get the shot
from inside the Apple store every one of
the Apple employees in there recognized
me and then they were all like you
cannot film in here what you're gonna do
all right second Apple store hopefully
we'll have better luck here to be
discreet
we pretty much got we needed I feel a
little bit sneaky about it because we
pretended we were taking still pictures
but they were super cool the employees
that are so nice like they don't want to
say no I just think it's their job to
say no okay just got the email from Sam
I got the watch be there in 30 to 45
minutes looking good yes yo you got the
watch let's do this
Sam here delivered the Apple watch it's
very strange-looking box I'm now going
to begin the production in earnest my
setup is here ready to go and Sam would
you like to comment on your generosity
and letting me vandalize your brand-new
unopened out a lot um seeing as you've
done this before I trust you but I
haven't even seen the wash yet Casey is
going to open the box right now and then
just do what he wants with it but I
think Sam's first mistake I trust you
all right progress for four we have to
watch taking apart but all the parts
here this is the expensive part and it's
currently being taped off Sam is still
over there just being cool just watching
you destroy my watch improve his watch
okay got to apply the first coat of
paint
good so awesome look at that gold gold
Sam gold no no going back now the paint
job isn't completely done but I'm gonna
stop right there and start editing while
that coat of paint dries then when it's
ready for the second coat of paint I'll
throw that on there and hopefully have
made some progress with the edit the
movies being edited this thing is like
great I'm just gonna do a second coat to
make it Wallace I really want to get
this thing posted as soon as possible
it's drying in the window how does it
look Jack it looks really really looks
I know gold it a gold the Edit is coming
along nicely that's a golden garbage can
it looks incredible here's what we're
working with that's the shot right now
this is the watch head look at that gold
and now all that's left is we're going
to put the band's back on get whatever
the final shot is and I finish this at
it and get this thing posted sweet we
finished it this is what it looks like
look at that gold so good so psyched for
this just got to finish the movie now
it's it's getting really close okay the
video is done I feel really good about
it
say who hasn't seen it yet it's
happening it's happening okay mission
accomplished for today's vlog d is the
microphone plugged in the Apple watch is
gold look at that thing in the gold
Apple watch movie is live look at B I
think the movie turned out really well
too I don't know if it will actually go
viral or not but I'm happy that I
started this morning without this movie
and I'm ending this movie I'm ending
this day with this movie anytime you can
start and finish a movie today to get
feeling okay this generous guy here who
let me who mate who realize my dream of
spray painted Apple watch the day they
came out
Sam is from the verge the verge is my
favorite slash deep slash the
unquestionably best technology blog on
the internet go check it out go check
out the verge I had to say that because
Sam was supposed to be at work today and
instead he spent the whole day here
helping me so okay leaving the office
now what time is it it's 7:30 to my
Apple watch it's 7:28
it's 7:30 I'm in big trouble with Canada
so so so um at 6:30 but I had to finish
Sam's gold Apple white looks fantastic
movie I'm so excited that that thing got
posted today
