I always wonder what's underneath I get
to catch this one look entirely of an
attendant
this is so scary
I'm here
that's why I went down there don't ever
do that today is not QA day but the
question I get asked on Twitter the
question you asked more than any other
question is what kind of gear do you use
or what software did you edit that on
that is my least favorite question I
hate that question the gear never
matters my entire career was built on
using like a terrible low resolution DV
camera editing the video in free iMovie
the gear never matters tell a great
story teller great story really well and
people will forgive whatever gear you
shoot it on so ask me about telling
stories asking about ideas don't ask me
out hardware just google it or such an
uninteresting question who woke up extra
extra early yes you did she woke up
extra extra early
okay going for a run
I'm accidentally wearing all red white
and blue outfit today I didn't do this
on purpose but even my headphones back
did you know there's a beach not cement
hunt bridge sand
tranquil waves that place where Batman
put his logo in the third installation
of Batman propane tanks tampon
applicators bottles of urine
six half miles at a 715 pace how to keep
it short this morning because I'm late
thank you for the notebook Abby
I barely know anything you just have to
hustle that's how I know go how much
time
not like three minutes go I'm speaking
at a panel for the Tribeca Film Festival
first I thinking you started without me
but I'm probably going to be a little
bit late
yeah
what's your name mano nice to meet you
on Casey
buh-bye if I have to guess this is where
I'm supposed to be if I also had to
guess I'm very very late I'm Casey
especially you I'm late oh sure I'll do
the red carpet really quickly
we're gonna have to stand right here hi
ho buddy oh good so let's see let's see
let's hear total sky oh man you are a
master of your craft heaven if you just
talk with them one with the right
this is the week whew
thank you no problem this is the aptly
titled green room yeah we're going on
the stage now for this panel
our moderator Lisa Donovan Evan and
Michael Gregory Allison had and Casey
nice - thank you guys thank you Lisa
DC you're very good currently the
moderator suck you're really ok panel
done it went pretty well got to get back
hey my package from the good one yes new
toy whoa
I am the biggest cellphone nerd on the
planet and I'm super excited about this
one so let's talk cellphones I carry two
phones always number one the iPhone
always carry the iPhone then a secondary
phone lately I've been carrying the
Samsung Note I really like this phone
it's got a good pen this thing but here
are some my other cell phones this is my
old HTC I love this phone two days after
I bought it I dropped it into the toilet
of a porta potti that was disgusting
this blackberry blackberry the company
sent to me because they wanted me to do
some sort of campaign for them and I
said I wouldn't do it because the phone
sucked so bad and then they remotely
killed the device which sucked Samsung
Galaxy s3 this thing still works this is
one of my favorites this is like a
waterproof Sony phone it worked really
well but I dropped and broke the glass
can you see that I broke the glass on it
and then I took it in water and the
whole thing just fried out but I really
like this okay
Galaxy s4 also love this phone maybe
this is the s5 yeah this is the s4 I
like the s4 but I like the s5 better
because it was waterproof now I just got
DUI new other phone this one which is
the Galaxy edge because it has look at
that look at that edge look at how
pretty that is
anyhow super sight for this phone when
it comes to cellphones my number one
priority is camera I just want the best
camera possible because I use these
things to shoot part of this vlog on
camera is what is kandace well that
one's that that's where I stand on
cellphones now you know
that I are headed to is tribeca film
festival virtual reality thing
hey look it's everybody staying don't
sign it guys hey we're making a ramp for
our cameras turn your Dylan everybody on
YouTube said you should start your own
blog okay thank you everybody five
tonight is a terrible night to not be
out there capturing time lapses wish I
could look at that pink anyways best of
all oculus virtual reality thing oculus
store so yes we're here for that
security no Joe
yeah sure okay deal Acosta let me know
you see I see a theater okay so there's
like this gigantic robot and then
there's his hand and then the whole
thing it's pretty amazing
there we go all right yep just let the
VR thing it was super rad and it really
was always cranked up to me after yo
home - Candace now she asked me to bring
her home some chocolate on it this
should do
