what's going on here
what is that
it's pronounced nice tat Casey nice tat
when you want to remember how to
pronounce my last name just picture that
butterfly tattooed on your ankle or that
sweet tribal design on your lower back
and think to yourself
that's a nice tat nice tat
there's any question as to why I wear
the same clothes every day this is my
closet I'm supposed to have cleaned and
organized this closet months ago but but
this just seems like a daunting task in
very uninteresting use of time so
basically I just wash my clothes at the
end of every day and then wear the same
outfit the next day and that enables me
to avoid this honestly I'm thinking
about just boarding up the door and
buying all new clothes
bye puppy have a good day puppy early
breakfast meeting this morning actually
especially early this morning I'm taking
the bike
this makes me so sad
look cobblestone streets that's being
paved over with asphalt it's like a
little piece of the city is dying this
place has become our go-to breakfast
meeting spot a.m. morning I definitely
could have walked this morning meeting
it's like such a wonderful day for a
bike ride
how could you possibly say no and I am
getting the office after that breakfast
meeting
so pretty good about it yo yo here's my
brother you're in the vlog now
a meeting now with some folks from the
verge which is like a technology website
maybe the best technology website Lord
how many people do they bring pie I'll
get that
what's up guys okay see this is a team
verge video all right you should run a
couple more people with you lovely day
in New York City that's the posse we're
going to get some sandwiches your
sandwiches are delicious but it gets a
little crowded
I got a briefcase man it was 144 dollars
but we can return it after the shoot how
do you get a briefcase and a suit Jack
and I are going to shoot something fun
this afternoon
this is prop and costume this is a
spontaneous shoot it involves me wearing
a suit it involves a briefcase and it
involves a lot of New York City we don't
we don't have a lot of time to do this
and I was really looked I was really
happy to shoot this on VHS like on a
super old video camera and those things
never worked so we have a lot of
variables here Jack's coming over now
here comes Jack
jacqui ready yeah you sure that thing
works okay it looks good on you man that
VHS camera what we were doing out there
shooting an intro sequence for a new
segment that I want to do let me play it
so I really want to start getting into
my new company on this vlog and I want
to start making it like a regular
feature of this vlog where I talk about
my company and what I'm doing
first I want to talk about why I can't
talk about it
and that is we're making something
that's new in certain aspects of we're
ranking are completely new I think that
and our patent lawyers think that if you
talk about something in the public
domain you can't then submit a patent
application for it so we can't talk
about this until that patent application
happens and then I can start getting
into specifics I hope that makes sense
it's exciting but there is stuff that I
can talk about beyond that like this
physical space this is my main studio
this is where I've been for the last 13
years this is where I make movies the
new company is in the same building just
down the hall this is the new space this
is where the new company lives and
everything that went into me starting
this company that's been over a year of
my life has gone into figuring out how
to make this happen
how to get this started we're still in
our infancy here it's still all very new
so there's a lot to attach to this
there's a lot that I'm very excited to
share on this vlog take this as like an
introduction to this new segment which
is all about this new business I know
that's still just like a little bit of
detail and like missing a lot of detail
but it's coming
headed home it's still light out so
that's a plus this is the view out of
our bedroom window where we have no
blinds and that's our bad
there's and watch us to our dirty
business everything that sorry go edit
my blog
