check out this guy's scooter
I like your scooter
so awesome
somebody said something mean to me
yesterday and Twitter here's the thing
about being me
it's a lot easier to be mean than it is
to be nuts so mean people on top of
being jerks they're also lazy and
they're uninventive being nice takes
work that's why I really like people
that are really nice
we've been up since 440 this morning but
one of us is in a great mood today was
the second day that the baby woke up at
4:00 a.m. and I just decided to stay up
a really great way to get a jump on the
day it's 9:00 a.m. now I've been waiting
for five hours and I usually start to
crumble that like noon which is a
problem I don't do this enough I should
do this more often
but I'm gonna take super quick nap it's
1:35 right now I don't have a meeting
until 2:15 so they're out a little bit
time to do the nap
I'm gonna take a nap all right
I'm not gonna get up and turn the camera
off just let it roll out oh it's Tuesday
it's cuter day day roll the intro while
I take it out
nap is over time to do the QA and kids
let this be a lesson the only way you
can have a job where you can sleep at
work whenever you want is if you own the
company entrepreneurialship
has its benefits Evan wants to know why
don't I put ads on my videos I don't
know I guess I could I guess I just I
will I will monetize my youtube channel
I haven't yet because I hate watching
ads most of the advertising on YouTube
sucks so I would hate to subject people
that are generous enough for their time
to watch my movies with having to watch
terrible adverts in front of my content
that I worked so hard on does Candice
get in order if you're vlogging yes she
does what do you eat for breakfast you
know I don't recommend this but I don't
eat breakfast I've never had eaten bread
who is your role model
probably Malcolm X he's I mean there's a
bunch of historical figures that I
really look up to but Malcolm X is
probably at the top of that list Cameron
wants to know how would you spend the
money if you won the lottery okay don't
take this the wrong way but I hope I
never win the lottery I never want money
that I didn't earn were you scared when
you quit your job to become a full-time
filmmaker okay that's it
this will be the only question I answer
for the rest of this Q&A I want to talk
about risk as a guiding principle life
shrinks and life expands in direct
proportion to your willingness to assume
risk yeah I like I've made some really
stupid decisions in my career for my
entire career
on a broad plane they've all worked out
every time I've quit my jobs which I've
done every time
had a job people that I trust most to
treat people that I loved all advised
against it
my dad told me not to move to New York
City because it was such a risk and
every time I every time I took these
bigger risks the opportunity for a
larger payout was always there life is
like this super temporary mega fragile
thing you only get like a nugget of time
to really pursue the things you care
about
and like I'm thirty thirty and my rule
is that the right time is always right
now to put a little meat on these bones
this new company that I don't really
talk about this new company is the
biggest risk I've ever taken I took five
years of my life to build my advertising
career and I made like a lot of money
I've been doing really great look at my
youtube channel go all the way back the
last branded content thing you'll see
was in February of 2014 I ditched it all
to pursue something I knew nothing about
this huge risk and I did it at a time
when my wife was pregnant and there was
all of this vulnerability and all the
scariness in my life and even now at 33
my dad's at 34
my dad said Casey that's crazy you've
got a good thing don't let it go but I
know that like someday I won't be able
to do this I know that the time is now
the time the right time is always now so
I had to do it that's how I feel about
risk in general and that's what the
struggle has always been for me is like
identifying risk identifying fear and
then just smashing through it because a
fear is looking back and wishing that I
had done these things the most dangerous
thing you can do in your career the most
dangerous thing you can do in life is
play it safe
almost there just a couple blocks up
ahead riding a bike in Midtown is
suicide
it's hard to pinpoint what's so gross
about Midtown what is a mailroom spell
mal
he knows that I'm talking about so
Candice and I had some legal issues with
our previous apartment it's part of the
reason why we moved out this is me
dealing with that now
okay awful medians that I'm trying to
get out of here now get a little bit
more of this sunlight where it goes away
I have to run home for a minute and then
back to the office for a minute okay
we're headed back now 9:00 p.m. now
leaving the office
proud of her that is I'm pretty be
excited to go home and edit this vlog
for the next six hours ambulance I
thought a healthy snack before sleep
every night
