looking for a girlfriend I'm really
looking for a girlfriend this is not a
joke just tired of the single scene and
hoping to meet the right person this guy
finds the right person my friend Andy
Spade is basically a genius once said to
me that work and family would make a
great name for a business because that's
all there is in life work and family and
I couldn't agree more
if you can figure out work and you can
figure out family you will be happy in
life
I've definitely got work figured out
little hungover this morning guess who's
back making her first appearance in the
vlog after a four month stint in Houston
Texas Gigi the poodle say hi to the vlog
Gigi theatres vlog she cares about this
vlog about as much as her mother Candice
cares about this vlog the poodle doesn't
know how to react the baby cries family
brunch at the usual spot
the trouble with these fluff a grungy
situation is I never know what I've
eaten enough so I just keep eating and
eating
Francie's keither bomber here runs was
delicious probably did not need that xx
sausage Candice is shopping I'm walking
the baby I don't care for shopping and I
really enjoy walking the baby so this is
a win-win situation
yeah Candice is trying on clothes we are
being patient and behaving here comes
mommy you're not gonna get it
you look so pretty in that on my way to
the gym for Saturday Sunday days it's
Sunday afternoon workout just going to
poke my head in the office superfast
hey given packages I don't know keep
sending me all these cables but I really
appreciate it this is the second time
you've sent me like a gazillion of these
cables oh nevermind thank you for the
cables get here go to this website or
whatever buy his products this is a
great book I've read it I bought this
for a friend
I don't know why I bought this book but
I will read it and it will probably help
me understand business this much more
this is another book I don't recall
exactly why I purchased it somebody was
probably like buy this book it will help
you understand whatever this book is
about there's no way I ordered this
whoever sent me this respirator thank
you oh this is the hood ooh you liked I
know looked it on you and even better on
Candice if she wants to steal it
see this is why great friends are so
nice to have thank you Tom cashmere
hoodie it's as soft as the fur of a nun
blonde kitten oh that's it for stuff to
open I'm gonna do a quick segment called
stuff that's laying around my office
this is my bulletproof vest that is our
level for a body armor there my blood
type written on it these are the
pararescue jumpers that I was embedded
with in Afghanistan I was there as a
journalist this is a lovely plaque they
made me really really love those guys I
stay in touch with them still this guy
Roger here in particular he's an amazing
human being
all right now I am actually going to the
gym okay
I'll be back in an hour go to gym is I
ran about 70 miles in the last six days
I'm afraid if I don't take a day off my
legs might explode plus I haven't seen
the new game of thrones yet and it's
tough for me to get an uninterrupted
hour at home without either Candice from
the baby screaming for me all right 6:30
now done at the gym got to get back home
hope Candice didn't eat without yes I'm
going to bed at 9:00 p.m. because when
it comes to sleep don't mess with me
I was trying to say something when it
comes to sleep how does it go no that's
not there because when it comes to sleep
a fool sleeps when he has to a wise man
sleeps when he can right I just leave
