just coming out of the bathroom I
realize I left all my gear I may see
unsupervised yeah still there take you
to the hotel Martinez in Brooklyn where
Bobby Melendez Orchestra are offering a
program of dance music so I grew up not
too far from here I grew up in like a
dumpier town about 25 minutes away when
I was a kid my parents would take us
into New York City like maybe once a
year or twice a year and I remember
vividly sitting on the train looking out
the window for that first glimpse of the
skyline I was obsessed with New York
City when I was a kid next morning time
I'm in Connecticut I'm gonna go for a
run I love running in New York City I
love running here more I will show you
why
look at that beach streams and trees in
nature
let's see the fields of grass forest
wild animals cannot come back does that
make me a bad person
fancy mansions that's thirteen point six
miles at a 724 pace that run makes me so
happy
hey now right yeah you're headed back to
C check that out what else these are
some of my racing trophies this is when
I won my division at an antique buy
triathlon this is for third place in my
age group at the Fort Lauderdale
marathon second place first place third
place first place first place first
place first place third place first
place second place first place second
place third place first place second
place first place these are some race
pictures that's my little brother and me
after my first Ironman that's Owen just
dominating the field these are some of
my break in my race medals that's from
the Ironman US Championship that was a
tough race alright y'all get outta here
now
I don't want to drive by part of the
city X is too expensive to park all the
Amtrak trains were sold out so hoenn is
driving me to New Haven where you take
the crappy commuter train into the city
Thank You Phil that
he's not happy about it getting some
organic vegan lunch before I leave town
all right bye my train leaves in one
minute just made it just realized I
decided to buy a ticket before you know
this train just stopped in reverse
directions why is this happening a full
an hour late because that whole put in
Reverse situation my hatred for Penn
Station is inversely proportional my
love
for grandpa
I have what I've described an irrational
phobia for the subway but there's really
no other way to get downtown right now
so subway
this is why I don't like sub took the
wrong train got the wrong stop not the
walk here for 15 years I've never
figured out so trade was delayed subway
was stopped left my keys in my office
this dead
oh good to be home I miss my ladies not
a buck Rodgers era in the science
fiction world but an age having in
foundations and return on the knife
under way of Allah
