so I don't check my mail here often but
I just did and I've got a parking ticket
from Tel Aviv from Israel for $28 how
did they possibly track me down for $28
and yesterday's vlog I mentioned how
long these edits take me to do and there
are a bunch of comments that were like
why don't you just have an intern edit
it for you or why don't you have someone
else do the edits editing is the
difference between a pile of paint you
bought in the store and a finished
Picasso the Edit is the difference
between a pile of paper and a pencil and
the iliad a pile of instruments and the
Beatles
there's nothing mechanical about editing
the Edit is where the story is told the
Edit is where the movie is crafted the
Edit is what matters more than anything
else
it's pretty early but it's pouring rain
out this morning in Boston so I'm going
to go check out the hotel cam
all right I feel like that is enough
working out
I had to leave like I have to jump in
this pool right
that's 11:30 in the morning I wonder how
it is away well look who's in there
how much longer are you gonna be down
here because we got to leave now not now
I'm gonna take a shower and pack and
stuff but like in the next half an hour
goodbye Boston we are a leaving
Cambridge Boston area now on our way to
worry young Vatican or New York City
I don't wait I get what this is
strapless what are you talking at say hi
to you are you doing father-son lunch at
a highway rest stop
here's the thing about fast food in
general the first bite is always
delicious the next bite is slightly less
delicious and then that trajectory
continues until you're towards the end
and each bite is just I am
falling asleep at the wheel so get out
of the kid drive I'm falling asleep
don't crash
we went by Owens mother's house to pick
up his car which I am now driving
because Owens far is much nicer than my
car
how's the ride good I like what today is
all about productivity have been
neglecting my house in my yard for many
months and today I will rectify that
situation this place is going to look
great for springtime
I got this thing a couple years ago I
never use it it's awesome it's been
sitting for a while so put a little oil
in it cause there's oil in it it's fine
truly great scooter a lot of fun goes
really fast - we're going to the burger
place thank you Sam another photo what
else do you want the eel oh yeah that's
right this here really good we're gonna
do eight burgers but we got sushi
instead I think it's the right decision
don't you just getting home it's late at
nine o'clock
that is so late for me
you
