so love to hear what you think of my new
haircut let me know in the comments
below
all negative comments will be deleted
you'll be blocked from the channel and
I'll report you to YouTube for hate
speech
I was a really terrible student when I
when I was in school and I could never
focus I've never cared enough but
anything I was doing to do it well and
when I was a kid I just assumed I was an
idiot because that's what my teachers
told me but later in life when I found
something that I really was passionate
about something I really cared about
I had laser focus and did it to the
absolute best of my ability and was
relentless until I was really really
good at it so I don't the takeaway is
there but
super lovely morning in Cambridge gonna
go for a quick Cambridge to Boston back
to Cambridge run
you
all right that's a super short run
running very late this morning four
miles at a 717 pace
I left the kid alone in there we're
already late for the day so calling it
there in case there was any doubt as to
whether or not Owen is actually my son
he was at the gym last night till about
11:00 he's at the gym in the morning
that's my boy we are headed into the lab
now we're running late my hair is very
short
do you like my haircut Owen yeah are you
just saying that
I really want to get into what it is
I've been doing here at MIT I'm excited
to talk about that today so I was
originally invited here in late 2013 and
I started here in 2014 working with the
social computing group the social
computing group creates socio-technical
they create processes and systems and
software's that affects the real world
the physical world that we live in and
this group is made up of computer
scientists and architects and fine
artists and people from all kinds of
different disciplines they approached me
as a filmmaker to come sort of blend my
skillset to the group now the project I
worked on the one that I found most
fulfilling was a school system that this
group started called wildflower
Montessori which is an early education
school system so it's young kids
preschool age and they are essentially
really tiny schools that are in like
storefronts that you would see in like a
mini mall why have one gigantic school
that everyone has to travel to why not
just have a bunch of smaller schools
that are hyper local so this is probably
my favorite thing that I did and this
series that you're watching here it was
it was a real collaboration and a super
fulfilling project to be a part of so
that suggests that the majority of my
time here was spent making movies in
contributing other ways to projects that
the social computing team was working on
this is left out one of the aspects of
my work that I am most proud of being a
part of this team and this lab
all right taking it off now I get home
doubt you'll find Owen by Kim idea oh
and I are going to the movies this
evening we're going to see Fast &
Furious 7 or whatever the hell is
beautiful Boston Common I'm not telling
you girl
hi yeah that's me
thank you sir have a good night we are
going to the movies
oh I hope that lines not for us one
Canyon one ice cream do you think it's
give me enough for you on
what did you think I haven't seen those
music like 30% to 70% come on it was
like the best movie ever he could have
used a little bit more of the rock but
besides that right move it where are you
taking us holding the upper sounds I
find the best teams in here I want
always finds the most creative ways to
get out of movie theatres
you wear well look what were you doing
at the gym until midnight this edit you
have no idea how much time these edits
take
you
