this is one of the more curious stores
in lower Manhattan
it's a cobbler they will fix your shoes
you can also get your haircut in there
but then all the way in the back there
behind that little curtain there is a
woman who doesn't speak English but will
give you whatever kind of massage you
want I've only been in this place once
to get my boots repaired and they
offered me all kinds of strange services
so tomorrow tomorrow is Owen my son's
17th birthday
which means he'll be the same age I was
when I had him that is crazy
at least theoretically I could be a
grandfather by now bye bye bye bye
headed into the office I only have two
days in the office this week which is
which is stressed
so smells like burning in here no but
the weight of this of this letter heavy
this cost two dollars and 73 cents to
send this is an invitation to some party
that's crazy
this is menu concierge key
that's the highest status level they
offer
these are the best these are to hand out
to flight attendants that are extra nice
to you other guys in play
you
this thing sucks but I ordered a better
one
canvassing the baby on a walk I'm trying
to find them I don't smoke so I don't
take cigarette breaks at work or
sometimes I take family breaks to go see
the way
Hey ladies have you been doing hey
hell's going on in here yeah how's it
going guys is that a talking plant
bizarre you yeah
maybe or maybe you had some jam and your
pancakes that was sitting around too
long oh man take care okay all right see
this monitor here that is my door
monitor it captures with on the other
side of this door that's the lens
that's the surveillance monitor I have
kind of a lot of monitors in my studio
here's another one this is just outside
so if my car's parked out there I can
keep an eye on it and then this monitor
here is outside that door as well so
that's the elevator there I have this
gigantic monitor here it monitors what's
on the other side of my office door I
have these monitors here this one is
outside this one is the other office
space this is one door this is the other
door that's the other office I don't
have these because I'm a crazy person
it's just I like my office back here
where there's no windows and if I have
those TV monitors up I always know
what's going on if anything it helps me
focus what are you guys doing
you built this you got excellent drone
control vlogs are coming along okay it's
a hell of an undertaking
it's like adopting a puppy bye guys good
luck with your drone these vlogs are
like adopting a puppy they're really fun
at first and then just a tremendous
responsibility today was just like today
was a pure workday I had to be in the
office all day I had to focus when I was
in the office I was running home to help
Candice with the baby and I could have
filmed all that but I needed to be
present so that I had like all these
insecurities like well maybe I don't
make a vlog today because nothing
interesting happened but I think what
makes vlogging will make these vlogs
true
is that it's just what I'm up to no
matter how interesting we're not
interesting I determined that to be
right dynamite bag number one okay
late night leaving the office it's like
7:30 now and that Matt Matt and I are
going to a dinner meeting no I'm done
good to see you dinner's over it was
good it was good good see man yeah
awesome my salmon was a little
undercooked
okay it's late but I am finally heading
home long day
you
