I wonder if this guy knows that his
Porsche has a flat tire
I'm sure nothing
Oh
breaking the office running late this
morning have a meeting very early today
Oh today's Tuesday that's questions and
answers say roll the intro
alright let's get started her the
questions alright what is freedom I
think I stole this from Bob Dylan but
maybe I stole this from Woody Guthrie
freedom for me is waking up in the
morning and going to sleep at night and
in between doing exactly what I want to
do only Cynthia wants to know KC if you
weren't a filmmaker what would you be if
I wasn't making movies I'd either like
to be an astronaut or a professional
athlete or I I don't really know all
I've ever known is making movies Chris
wants to know how much longer do you
think you can keep your vlog going I
don't know how much longer I can sustain
this but I can tell you like each day I
invest deeper into it which makes it
harder for me to stop what's the secret
to happiness the secret to happiness is
finding something you love and then
doing that for the rest of your life I
stole that from Rushmore so you can add
a little on
I think you just got to find something
you love to do and then do it for the
rest of your life
Jonas wants to know are you afraid of
running out of stories to tell no in the
book I said shotgun Cameron wants to
know what is your favorite book my
favorite book is The Autobiography of
Malcolm X I've read that book like three
times twice in a row and you can pretty
much learn everything you need to know
about life in that book Rebecca wants to
know film school or no film school
what's the best way to make a career in
the film industry the truth is there are
no defined paths in the film industry
meaning if you could go to school and be
taught here's how to succeed in the film
industry everyone would do it because
this is the greatest job ever what it
takes is defining your own path the best
piece of advice I have for someone
trying to succeed in the film industry
or any creative space is if you're doing
what everyone else is doing you're doing
it wrong do you snapchat less now that
you do the daily vlogs no Gavin wants to
know what is your new business how about
this Gavin I will talk about my new
business in tomorrow's vlog I'll talk
about in a little there's like look
there like all these cars and trying to
record audio my Q&A and all I can hear
is a helicopter buzzing hell is going on
here
that's what was interrupting my QA there
appears to be some sort of protest going
on not sure what this protest is but I
will find out so this is a protest
against police brutality in response to
the recent police killings of unarmed
African American I gotta say I really
like seeing this happen in my town
especially because like the cops are out
here walking with the protesters it's
all peaceful this is one of the reasons
why I love New York City I am
all right that's it I'm cutting the QA
I'm cutting the Q&A short
rule our new coffee machine is here holy
smokes this thing is heavy
yes it's our new coffee machine so
psyched
pretty relentless day in the office
another ten and a half hour day I'm on
my way to Penn Station now I've got a
jump on a train
thanks again sir not my favorite part of
town
that's Penn Station well that's Madison
Square Garden but that's Penn Station
shonduras jaundice jaundice I was making
stop shot now I gotta redo it ladies and
gentlemen
snapchat King shonduras outside of Penn
Station welcome to New York City I'm
leaving right now I don't I'm coming
it's a good transition
wait up Shawn wait up wait for whoa so
of course Shawn and I were goofing off
outside and now I'm circling now I'm
late for my train 11e Shawn I'm going to
show you a shortcut through Penn Station
okay this is the nasty underbelly of
blow and I like the smell and nobody
ever comes down this way is it dangerous
it's not dangerous it's just people
don't know to come down here but look
how disgusting this is
is like packed upstairs but empty down
here New York City has two train
stations and if Grand Central Station is
the beautiful tulip of the city Penn
Station is New York City's anus
absolutely disgusting now the analogy
that should be in textbooks Sean yeah
you're the only friend I know that would
meet me at Penn Station to hang out
before my ride awesome to see you it's
not true thanks buddy
enjoy your time in New York
so this is a two and a half hour train
ride to southeastern Connecticut
the New London Connecticut you're
leaving us tonight New London
Connecticut please take the remaining
time to gather all your personal
belongings from around your seat and the
overhead rack only three doors will open
for demonic etiquette some please on the
exit as directed by one of the thunders
New London Connecticut Connecticut fun
station stop will be a pleasant evening
we thank you for right New London will
be a constant theme of this vlog I have
a house here I bought a house here like
eight years ago it's like the summer
house the beach house the weekend house
just haven't been coming here much
because of the new baby thank you have a
great night so this is the beach here
it's super super late right now I have
to be up at 4:30 tomorrow morning to
drive to Boston so I think that is my
day
Oh
