tonight your leftover Thai food for
breakfast one of the questions I get
asked a lot is where did I come up with
the idea to make a movie to make any of
my movies the answer is always kind of
the same it's whatever whatever piques
my interest enough to want to examine it
more by making a movie about it that
question sort of gave me an idea for a
new segment in the vlog where I sort of
break down and examine one of the movies
I've made in the past I hope this isn't
totally boring oh also these aren't real
glasses there's no lenses in them and
there's only one arm but they look kind
of cool on me right I mean I also broke
them and this is auditing our closet
getting rid of all the stuff she doesn't
think you need there's a little bit of a
point of contention between the two of
us because I happen to think you do need
45 extra extension cords laying around I
also see no reason whatsoever which I
want to get rid of this
okay so here's my setup I'm gonna sit
here with the camera going this way on
this TV all like superimposed the actual
video and I'll talk the camera like this
and then I'll have my laptop here the
actual video playing so I know what I'm
referring to this is gonna work so this
is the first behind-the-scenes segment
where I talk about a movie I've made in
the past and tell you stories about how
it came to be starting with a movie
called bike lanes this is a movie is one
the first like breakout YouTube movies I
made it did like 5 million views in the
first day to date it's done 13 million
views it was a big movie for me if you
haven't seen this movie yet
stop this video this won't make any
sense go and watch it you can click
right here even on mobile click right
here don't see the movie it's like three
minutes long then come back so in this
movie get pulled over on my bike by NYPD
they give me a ticket for riding outside
of the bike lanes which is really stupid
sort of protest it I rode in the bike
lanes and crashed into everything I ran
into some technical behind the scenes I
shot this movie well my friend Oscar
helped me shoot this movie but we shot
it on this which is like $199 Canon
camera then I think we oh look at that
still turns on sorry to interrupt just a
quick question I'm doing like a behind
the scenes of my claims do you have
anything like anecdotal you want to add
to it like of that special day there is
that moment when I was like well we
should make a movie where you ride in
the bike lane no but I think I did I did
the cop car we had to go back for the
cop car was not shot on the same day as
everything else everything else happened
though in like an hour
thanks Oscar real time sorry to stir
back to business is the history of the
bike lane down yeah something like that
bye guys okay so now let's start the
movie
I'm getting a ticket for riding my bike
not in the bike lane okay first question
didn't the cop get mad at you when you
were filming him yes
but it's like we're protected under the
First Amendment you're allowed to film
police officers while they're making an
arrest as long as you're not obstructing
them so there wasn't a whole lot he
could do or say so I got a ticket for
not riding in the bike lane but often
there are obstructions that keep you
from probably riding in the bike okay
the red bike right there I bought that
at Kmart for 89 bucks the morning of
this shoot so I didn't want to mess up
my my good bike did I get hurt the
answer's no I didn't get hurt at all
I'm very good at falling and none of
these Falls are that bad I just made
them look dramatic for effect the bike
didn't completely break by the end of
the day though
it was it was actually this radio show
when I was on this radio show that I was
like I have to make a movie out of this
because I was on the radio show for the
exact thing that I was so upset about I
wish I had known that before it paid the
$50 check did well so everybody always
asks did you get your $50 back no I
didn't but it's not a big deal I got
like made this great movie and I was
really proud of this movie so there was
so much press I was like on so many
different news shows talking about this
and I became this advocate for cycling
in New York City really proud of like
that silly movie that movie cost me
almost no money to make I used really
primitive hardware and software to make
it and I put it up on YouTube when I
might have had a couple of hundred
subscribers
I will see you workaholics later have a
good weekend
I say workaholics but I'll probably see
you tomorrow Matt for some person
weekend work the bad guy
