959 959 a.m. this is the great great
Jimmy Conrad right here everybody he
moved out of New York see today we're
doing a goodbye run I know I set the
camera down well he's moving to
California tomorrow tomorrow empty shell
if you see me running behind the eye
Jimmy Jimmy lives on the Upper East Side
of New York City I live on to the lower
west side I ran him home which is eight
and a half miles and then I ran back
home which is another eight and a half
miles which means today was a kind of
the long run somebody made that for me
of it awesome
today's a travel day contribute all day
I just got back and traveling two days
ago after 11 days of travel day this is
only two days of travel this trip is
going to require some formal wear I'm
bringing two ties one light one dark
depending on my mood and the weather I
always bring four or five times as many
pair of underwear is I think I'm going
to need about nine pairs here including
my spider-man pair which I never get to
wear anymore Candice makes fun of making
seven pair of socks and lastly my nasty
nasty running shoes let me put them in
the bag to prevent any sort of
cross-contamination there you things in
life that require the precision that is
riding a boosted board through New York
City while dragging soul
can I take a selfie with you I got to
talk about something kind of serious for
a minute if you're not into serious
right now I understand just skip to here
where I'll be back to my normal jovial
self in this normal jovial vlog
something happen yes you have really
been like struggling with and it's not
the kind of thing that I want to talk to
like my wife or my friends about it it's
something that it only makes sense in my
head to talk to you about that's weird
and I acknowledge that there's this
nonprofit organization here in the
states called Make A Wish and what
make-a-wish does is that it it works
with young people children and young
kids who are terminally ill that means
that they have an illness that will most
likely take their life and make-a-wish
grants them whatever wish in the whole
world they want now I've been in touch
with make-a-wish for a while they're
incredible people and it turns out that
there's a couple of young people and
their wish is to meet me which is
amazing and huge one of those people I
hope to introduce you to and I'm very
excited to meet in August and then I had
another young man that I was scheduled
to meet in September he's the person I
want to talk to you about
so yesterday I got an email from
make-a-wish and it was to let me know
that that our get together in September
was cancelled because he he passed away
yesterday I've never met this young man
I don't know him I don't know what he's
into I don't know his hobbies are no his
interests are I don't he's like I was
really excited to meet it but but I know
the name and I know that he was given
the opportunity to make one wish for
anything in the world that he wanted in
his his
you get up one wish and his wish was to
meet me and I don't know the bigger
honor it if that's a huge deal in any
event maybe his family will see this
video and to them I wanted to say thank
you because even though I never met this
young man this whole experience is like
really given me of a super hard reset on
appreciating life and like forcing me to
like to look around and realize that
like all of the in life that feels
like such a big deal
whether it's like work or relationships
or the bad comments on YouTube or
somebody calling you stupid or making
fun of your a lot of that matters it's
like there's all this garbage and noise
and in in life and times you have to
ignore this and just realize that how
special this is so that's it I needed to
say that to the camera we now return to
my normal blog
we here is sorry someone's gonna have
you on the wrong block I'm going to a
heliport by the top speed sequence
alright thank you sir can you pop the
trunk
let's go there are using Oh
good to see you good to see you really
nothing I'm so sorry it's okay right no
time here
flying an airline of never flown on
before I also have no idea where their
check in is called tap ki AAP ki Eng C
sorry hey doing all right cap I'm highly
skeptical of your airline because your
website's kind of whacked I couldn't
figure out what the deed to choose but
the guy you have working on the counter
he was great bro yeah I'm so far thumbs
up
this isn't this is not like one of my
regular reviews I just you know sharing
my thoughts
I understand it to keep us safer but I
hate the key is a process I do respect
the need for safety and diligence from
TFA option but it's just you know so
it's done
I mean allowance here there's no shower
no power at all that's an ass that's a
straight fail it's just that no shower
means I got to put my pajamas on means I
got to put my pajamas on without taking
the shower that's kind of a bummer I
like to feel clean ride around the
airplane
let me deal three James teeth
okay so the seats pretty amazing I've
got me a desk here in a dress here and I
think it goes all the way flat and
there's a TV the whole kit and kaboodle
but the lounge sucked this seat is
pretty nice go check this out a spot for
my shoes that's nice there's another
shelf right you have to put stuff
lifejacket right there see our guest -
right I got a desk to the left when I go
flat I'm pretty protected in here
controller light and then this is like a
whole shelf area for my phone or my
laptop or my whatever this is good good
storage space
we're near let's stop is our Portugal
you
