did anybody else have any of these gummy
bears or did I eat the whole bag I wake
up every day at 5:55 a.m. except in the
summer I wake up a little bit earlier
like 5:15 or 5:30 seven days a week
pretty much 365 days a year and the
reason why is I have this I have this
almost irrational fear of sleeping
through daylight so I always wake before
the Sun rises and I always go to bed
after the Sun set and I very seldom now
this is entirely opposite 100%
antithetical to my wife's relationship
with sleep she's like an owl she sleeps
all day late to get out of the house
this morning
the baby was being so cute I don't have
like 40 minutes and a quick run this
morning it's freezing outside but I got
my tights on
six hundred quarter miles at a 727 pace
all those jumps have to count for a
little bit more right
it's April 8th and it was snowing out
this morning on my run I also found a $1
bill in my pocket and I'm considering
getting dollar pizza for breakfast so I
got my new laptop yesterday pretty
excited about it
thought I would spend like a half a
minute talking about this thing today
okay so in yesterday's vlog I said it
came from China which it did because I
had a custom build done yes I did get a
little excited with the unboxing and did
a tiny little scratch really no big deal
some people got kind of upset at how
rough I was with this laptop yesterday
if you are one of those people I would
recommend turning this vlog off now
because you will not like what I'm going
to do to this computer next the next
thing I like to do with my new computers
is customize them make them mine by
writing my name on now to write my name
in pencil or pen would be too
impermanent so I use this this is a nice
a brand engraver I'm going to switch
over to this big camera here so the
image will be a little bit more clean
for these close-ups
I think it came out pretty good now the
thing feels a little bit more like mine
just found this gem in my archives it's
a single shot movie that I made a long
time ago like a year and a half ago that
was about a single tweet by the Farrelly
Brothers the Farrelly Brothers are the
guys that made dumb and dumber me myself
and Irene there's something about Mary
they wrote a tweet and I was like that
should be a movie and I'm shot it but I
never turned it into a movie maybe I'll
make it into a movie right now
like this every night but Candice
particularly angry with me tonight is I
supposed to be home an hour ago
