on my way to the gym you might notice
how fresh I looked this morning
Candace's mother slept over last night
and took care of the baby I wish that
happened every night hi Francie
Oh closet the day of reckoning is near
but not today it's raining
hey when it rains it makes it so hard to
vlog my camera gets all wet today is
Tuesday
that means it's questions and answers
day roll the intro
questions and answers volume two let's
go Angela wants to know does canister
Owen ever get tired of you filming them
all the time
Candace yes Owen not really he's a total
sport what's the biggest difference
between raising Owen and Francine I was
really poor when Owen was born and when
you don't have any money or have any
options I'm no longer really poor and
now there are a lot of options and in
some weird ironic way it makes it harder
to raise children when you have options
then when you don't have options when do
we get to know what the new businesses
I promise I'll talk all about my new
business which is really exciting in
this vlog at some point in time I just
need like this much more time Annabelle
wants to know how many cameras do you
have how many cameras I have here I'll
show you I'll show you some of them I
have way way too many cameras this is
like this is some of them these are all
my point-and-shoot cameras these are all
my camera batteries and chargers these
are a couple but not anywhere near all
of my SLRs these are my some of my lens
those are some of my retired cameras
even older cameras big camera these
dinosaurs up there it's another retired
camera so the answer is way way too many
cameras what keeps you motivated what
keeps me motivated well in short I'm
here all of my dreams and aspirations
are here and the only thing in between
these two is a bunch of work so tackling
that work is a way of moving this needle
that's all the motivation I need
love progress in any manifestation yeah
motivations never I've never struggled
with motivation ever here's a great
question what question are you tired of
being asked my least favorite question
is what did you shoot that on dear Casey
what camera do you use to shoot your
vlogs that's appropriate so I use mostly
this little point and shoot but then I
also use this camera here which is
called a Canon 70d it works really well
for vlogging you're a filmmaker stop
vlogging not actually a question but I
am more than happy to address I
premiered feature films at the Cannes
Film Festival I premiered a feature at
the Sundance Film Festival I have
written directed edited and started my
own HBO series I've been awarded the
Rockefeller grant for filmmaking I've
stood on stages and received prestigious
awards and I'm a lifetime member of the
Sundance Institute and I can tell you
that that this that creating a new movie
every 24 hours and releasing that movie
to an audience of hundreds of thousands
of people is an evolution in filmmaking
see our job as creators is to further
define any medium our job is to create
the new cliches not adhere to those that
that were defined by generations past
and to suggest that this is anything but
filmmaking is is to is to highlight some
preconceived falsehood around what the
very definition of filmmaking is with
that I'm going to end the Q&A there we
will now return to our regularly
scheduled blog
so good morning jack
morning I actually don't have to put
bricks together and this was not easy
for me little bit further right I feel
like I feel like that's uh that's
today's the day today is the day today's
the day what you got for me
what you got for me Marlon oh I've been
waiting for it it's been coming from
China
you need to sign that yeah haven't we
been doing this long can't you just sign
it for me I've been waiting for this for
so long
pass box is impossible Oh scratch to it
my new computer
it's late 10 this is mad at me for
working so late I just want to go home
and I got
for me outside my office
so pcs are to leave you guys waiting it
was nice to meet you yeah bye guys
you
