trying to go to the gym these kids
started screaming my name what's up guys
I can walk maybe you'll make my vlog I
think the saying is if you don't show up
for work on Saturday don't bother
showing up for work on Monday but I
prefer it if you don't show up for work
on Saturday don't bother showing up for
work on Sunday
sunday is by far my favorite day in the
office it's the one day of the week
where the bloodsuckers and meddlers and
time wasters aren't in their offices
emailing and calling you and wasting
your time it's the one day of the week
where you can really get work done
still hate going to JIT so I don't the
gym check out the time
that's funny Oh the place is called
baked get baked for Easter yeah
clever
do you mind if I go to work today for a
couple of hours this is that day headed
to the office this is much less of a
running into take care of something Matt
and I had scheduled to come in today to
catch up on a few things weren't able to
get to on Friday yo how's the weekend
yeah it's true any better somewhere they
take your cell phone at some point in
time only when you're going to get
selected so yeah I feel like basically
I'm just like we have people coming in a
week and it's whatever right you'd enjoy
the remaining hours of your weekend see
you tomorrow morning
oh yeah good luck at Jerry duty today's
like the first truly warm spring day
really excited to get out there on my
bike all right I think I'm gonna head
over to the West Side Highway do a
little tour of my favorite New York City
views
I would describe my affection for the
city borderline unhealthy as told by my
three cameras that are currently taking
pictures of a city I've lived in for the
last 14 years camera one is right there
camera two is right there and then if
you look right here you see the third
camera I can't resist taking pictures of
this city it's like being around a very
attractive lady we just want to preserve
it or a very attractive guy you know
whatever you're into
never being a bicycle unattended in New
York City this is Battery Park City
probably my favorite view of the Empire
State Building it's right there
here look ah there's the shot of the One
World Trade Center that we wanted to get
for a while
but yet to be able to get maybe today
are more conducive God that building is
enormous
I do a lot of setting my camera up and
then walking away from it if I go on the
shots were walking through frame
everybody keeps asking in the comments
if I've ever had a camera stolen and the
answer is no if I ever were to have a
camera stolen it would be today so I
have this one all the way over there and
then I have my big 5d Mark 3 here I also
have a bag full of lenses right there an
unlocked bike there with a GoPro on it
there and then I have my iPhone stuck in
this chain link fence there so my final
stop of the day in an end to a glorious
weekend is the pier on what is this 42nd
Street that's the intrepid that gigantic
aircraft carrier there okay just met
some kid who came to say hi and I ganked
his electric skateboard
this thing is so fun this is the control
George oh thanks for letting you ride
this it's dark now I keep trying to stop
filming that keep saying
pretty things like also for this last
one Happy Easter
