it's Saturday
the city is it's a different place on
the weekend the people look different
they move different they walk different
the commuters that come here to work
aren't here they're sort of replaced by
out-of-towners visitors that are in less
of a rush the people who do live here
they dress different on the weekends I
don't know if I like it better or worse
on the weekends I probably like it less
I love the manic urgency that is a
Tuesday morning at 9:00 a.m. in New York
City and the weekends just lack that
magic okay Saturday morning run got
about an hour to get in this morning
before 4:00 own whore own gets you every
day for a run I got to cut it short
there though whole family's in town
today
eight miles at a 720 pace you know I've
been actually run like an extra
half-mile if you counted all the times I
put my phone down hit record run past it
run past it run back pick up my phone
then run again needs to be a way to
track that look who's here hi Owen how's
the train ride
not headed to work today had to do it
some snacks with the kids the big one
the little one
find some toy design now revived
overpriced coffee pods now we're
shopping for baby stuff join into the
office but just for a minute I got the
wife kids the in-laws in town today
and it's a Saturday today is not a work
day just going in for like two seconds
and I'm leaving office no big deal that
was less than an hour in and out like it
never happened
ting on she does look like a little
demon shot look at those eyes she looks
like there's a cute baby say I'm not a
monster
you can't go that way that's where I get
in trouble
this is the roof deck of our house which
is kind of cool thought that the fun
parts are not you're not allowed to be
in where the fun parts are and the fun
parts
I do a lot of these time lapses in my
vlog
they really do an effective job of like
moving the day along people ask me how I
do them so here's a little here's a
little house so I'm shooting in three
two time right now on the roof of my
apartment building I use this camera
which is a Canon GX 7 I use this big
this big big boy right here which is a
Canon 5d Mark 3 with a pretty fancy lens
this is like a maybe a five thousand
dollar camera and then the very best
results this is not a joke the ones that
everybody's like how did you shoot that
one are all shot on my iPhone this thing
performs better with time-lapse using
the time-lapse feature then even my most
expensive camera and I'm using my wallet
here to protect it from the wind so it
doesn't get blown over so yeah there you
have it my cell phone shoots the best
time lapses this is probably the best
one I got all day I'll use this in
today's vlog here I'll just play it
right now ready
time lapse take forever tissue you hit
record do it taking a shot and pour then
wait I'm hiding in the hallway my
mother-in-law is hosting a dinner party
at our house tonight these things stress
me out
wish me luck
