I just met hey Venus that hello and I
recognized him by his sunglasses to be
honest
Dayton switches when you advertise one
product but then sell another it's
generally frowned upon I feel like my
vlogs are a little bit of a
bait-and-switch see I don't live in like
a fun tropical island I haven't been
traveling that much really like my life
is here in New York City I spend eight
hours a day sitting at my computer
writing emails and doing conference
calls and there's like a lot of
consistency which doesn't like farewell
for really exciting daily vlog so I can
make today interesting and maybe even
tomorrow interesting but I do have some
general concerns about sustainability
anyways here's my first vlog from New
York City it's about a 655 in the
morning I'm going for a run I shot this
on my cell phone so sorry about the
terrible clauses
heading to Brooklyn this is the halfway
point in my run I'm super super far from
my house right now this right here
that's the island of Manhattan this
right here that's the Statue of Liberty
and I'm way out this is called okay now
I'm gonna turn around and run home I
like to run as far away from my house in
one direction as possible and then turn
around that way it's really it's really
hard for you to cut the run short people
has asked how I get those shots not that
complicated I stick my iPhone into a
chain-link fence which makes a great
tripod I run back I turn around I run
back and grab my phone back to the vlog
okay that concludes this morning's run
ten point six miles of a 743 pace left
freezing cold shower to chase still
freezing
normally I ride my bike to work but I
can't seem to find my bicycle so I've
been walking with
you
and this is with the majority of my life
Jackie M oh yeah my friend Oscar just
finish up a movie then that key I've
been helping with it hasn't working on
for a while going to check it out now
alright good
how do you feel how do you feel oh all
right let's hit play wait okay I can't I
can't show like a video of the screens
that wouldn't be fair to all of Oscars
hard work but I will link it right here
but when does this go live well it's
like a coin yeah hopefully tomorrow
if this goes live tomorrow will be
linked right here if it doesn't then
there will be a blank spot right here
all right do it dude it's so good how
long did that oh it's amazing
217 yeah it's awesome they're gonna love
it talk to you a bit this is like it
really nice so your kid yeah it's not
gonna like cut my throat possible but
you can see him out the windows guys so
we're gonna go outside and say hello to
what's his name Marty Marty all right
Bernie go outside and say hello to Marty
come with me please
I feel like you're saying that every kid
who come shows up is going to want to be
on the vlog big Marty kept summer
no the point of Venus in the block is to
say Marnie and others I really
appreciate your enthusiasm but at the
same time like you know this is a place
of work I'm trying to work Jack's trying
to work and this is disrupted look I see
Marty what's up Marty Marty I'm putting
in my blog okay
nice to meet you Marty
oh god this is so awesome bye guys
nice to meet you see I'm always glad
that I do it I would have felt like such
a jerk and I knock off said I love this
kids you are good man for talking you
into that Jack I'm glad I defer to your
judgment someone here for
trying to get out of the office now and
a little bit of trouble Candace I'll be
home by 8:00 it's like ten average
you
