I think my parents are ready today
I mean they should be ready today thank
you very much
see when I dropped the pants off Eric
told me that today would be the day that
the repairs are done that can pick them
up so I'm just waiting to hear from him
but I'm pretty sure today's the day that
the pants are ready this term this term
called planned obsolescence and in the
most simple terms what that means is
when something that's designed or
actually built to replace like something
that is designed to be replaced for
example when cars first came out way
back in the day these things were
bomb-proof
they could be fixed they could be
repaired they lasted forever then when
everybody who kind of wanted a car had a
car if the car industry needed to create
a reason people to buy new cars so they
started designing them differently and
promote artificial reasons for people to
replace what they already have planned
obsolescence now we live in a disposable
culture where everything you buy is
meant to be used up and then thrown away
and then bought again that's not always
a bad thing for example it makes things
less expensive cars now they're all made
out of plastic and they're not meant to
last 3040 years but they're safer
they're cheaper they're lighter they're
easier to produce that's it I'm not a
plan of disposability I like to fix
things I like to build things part of
the reason why boosted board so much my
biggest beef with the boosted board is
how damn expensive ridiculously
astronomically expensive these electric
skateboards are when I give Sanjay the
CEO for our expensive these things are
his response is always the same these
things are designed and built to be
repaired and fixed and a lot of the cost
of those repairs are built into the cost
of the skateboards and I will say I've
had to send mine back a bunch of time
they're all like modular part engine can
be replayed all can be replayed wheels
come off that can be replace the
fantastic battery can be replaced
everything on this is built to be
replaced and fixed this is not a
disposable object so I like it this
studio is a testament to my love or
affinity for repairing instead of
replacing or building instead of buying
like this is this plumbing pipe
implied with all healthy other wood
screws as a little tool area just so I
can build out and fix and repair this
studio space by myself instead of
throwing away crappy furniture and
replacing it with equally crappy
furniture I like to make things I like
to fix things so why the diatribe about
planned obsolescence okay
my what's up my favorite pair of jeans
from my favorite jeans store completely
fell apart on me so I just beat the SH
out of them and I sent them back and he
fix them and not only doctor like fixing
his products as part of his business and
I love that did the CMS does Araki ones'
teen shop I'm doing a whole like thing
about planned obsolescence and why I
like to fix things instead of replace
things so my question for you is why do
you bought why do you fix teens instead
of just encouraging people to buy new
ones we do both you got to be booked but
when you fall in love with your jeans or
your favorite your favorite thing in
life and they tell story all your jeans
tell a great story you don't wanna give
up so quick so we fix who these those
are God used to work here
you know these is just an art piece now
that's an option to display Wow
all right where my pants at all holes
are Pat how did you across filming
cities are my favorite pant these are my
favorite pants they completely sort of
disintegrated budgets beat on them so
much when layoffs which were here to
experience aw but this is not like a
paid advertisement or anything Eric's
just an old friend and I'm just a
dissipating the whole operation okay I
forgot that part of the story the reason
why we initially met I made a video
about this but I was hit on my
motorcycle the ambulance cut the pants
off of me I sent him to shredded up
pants it was sent me a new pair that's
how friendships are born so we saw that
I was like you in 2007 the book amazing
all right you
not a paid advertisement just a friend
but if you find yourself in New York
City's SoHo come visit gene shop that's
named the place gene shop across the
street awesome people know these are my
favorite 13 but didn't have much boxing
on file in a while good you look good
Marlon chair mom I got a package for you
special edition belt I'm featuring
special Marlon
all right Marley not as works we just
try to open boxes of course there's no
to open boxes that's the reason why
we're doing special edition no time
featuring Marlon is somebody sent this
package to me but it says right on it
clearly for Marlon Marlon this is an
automatic knife here this is a
military-issued very careful thank you
very much sir welcome see I I can bring
oh boy I'm all you're going to like
what's in this box cartel a chance
I just want to say whoever made me this
box did a very nice job
would they send you Marlon are you sure
that this is Mike I know tomorrow I
don't know you guys
oh no because they sent me some other
stuff right and they're thanking you for
giving me the other stuff oh yeah okay
see this is from a company and the
company was generous that need some
stuff that Marlon delivered I put that
in the blog and now they talk a lot this
is a long letter here man it's like
Christmastime
oh there's something nice having a
friend here to open these boxes mark
what is it
hey Marlon what you do is a switchblade
there's one rule to mail time and that
don't lose that seems like something or
the space I think it's called me holy
smokes is this heavy duty my name is
Alex I'm 16 in this this poem drum I
make these drums hey this is our best
drum and it's for you what case you
can't up there John
this is something like the B students to
drum for the Citadel and the hab√≠an q5
I just said this is one of the nicer
this is one of the nicer things that
I've ever received on Malcolm because he
said he made it he's 16 yes this thing
is good I think he needs to promote it
yes Oh promote it go check out Alec Alec
that's pullum.com all right Nolan thank
you for sending me a DVD Marlon is all
apologize for this sorry for opening it
in such an aggressive manner thank you
very much but I have to go back to work
okay that concludes today's mail time of
the quick one moment get back to work I
think this might be the mail time goat
right here goat as in greatest of all
time packages it is nice isn't it look
at that yes nice why mother I thought it
up thanks for your help I'll get a sir
I love that guy where's kit it looks
nice in here oh my god what is different
it looks amazing
okay what are you sure happened door
handle runs in here yes I don't know
this is real money all right your
kaceytron for those of you new around
here this is my white canvases company
called Billy but this is her new office
space
when is he basically sliders she's in a
small space bouncer then they upgraded
this gigantic space which they just
painted not to get too personal but
everybody I said that we got in a fight
and that's why I wasn't foggy and every
was like did you get in a fight because
you were gallivanting around France with
two girls that weren't your wife and I
was like no she didn't care about that
stuff
I don't care about that she's just mad
that I had to travel so much
she's not really jealous type we got
nine having problems with Chelsea a1 I
don't like it so we're very giving I
mean I think we're confident yar
we're very confident in our I'm not
jealous by keeping this bad is it bad to
not be jealous
do you get jealous of your voice rose
Morgan you don't have a boyfriend
yeah every time I put you in the blogger
bridge likes the exact girl the blond
hair it's off you're interested in
Morgan's in collar or telephone number
six for six
Oh Candace has her own extremely
charismatic you yes delivery got to the
2017 bucket hat that's a Kangol hat
right there the company just did you see
you
I need Michael I need to autograph for
my daughter you got it okay fine
later
that concludes today's episode I hope
you enjoyed it today you go go today was
