see I attached the umbrella to the
headboard and then the mobile to the
umbrella and the Mobile's there air
travel never ceases to amaze me it's
like seven o'clock I'm in my apartment
in New York City my day started in st.
Barths so that I had like a good day
there anyways that's all I have to say
back to st. Barths 7:00 a.m. flight off
the island is at noon I'm gonna try to
make the most of the morning can you
pack for me too
can you pack for me can you pack my
clothes
can you please pack for me thank you
what are you going in that thing we were
gonna bring the baby to the beach this
morning before we built the airport but
she never actually woke up from her nap
so the question can we go to the beach
now or no the baby's sleeping you don't
want to wake her
are you Vera Granite when you're older
and then parent
I'm gonna be a lot more she's mad at me
about let me cook this
last moment in st. Barts any final
thoughts jr. on the beach we should have
gone to the beach with Francine you
really got to go
okay I did it once over are you 100%
Owen
the only place where there's a huge line
is the one place we need to do
hey Candace this is us nice that so
bring something up okay that's fine
thank you
you to worry
that little plane there's definitely
ours
okay first flight done second flight
begins now
are you doing did it be back man we're
headed back to sit down it quickly
address the private jet situation I
realized up until now in the vlog we're
a very like blase about the fact that
we're private jet not the case that was
an extraordinary circumstance we were
with some extremely generous friends who
gave us a ride and it was a very very
special occasion
right here this I never happen again to
Fox death Owens taking a train back to
Connecticut for school tomorrow he might
miss it you think you're gonna make it
boy run you of all your stuff just that
backpack all right bye buddy
goodbye Merlin that's where he's going
poor kid hope you made it did you make
the Train of course it is all right so
what are you gonna hang around there
then I don't you don't all right call me
let me know when you get on the train
got her just good to be home
okay we're finally back home our house
is so largely a construction site but
it's good to be home nonetheless
