oh and is there rubbin your pina colada
not okay so I'm learning via this
blogging process there is a learning
curve
yesterday's log I labeled vlog number
two it was actually vlog number three I
also miss credited the music to Braden
deal who's a talented musician I work
with it was actually tailored Alford's
music another talented musician sorry
guys anyways these mistakes have to be
expected today is our last day in st.
Barts
this one I make a bottle for breakfast
this one I make an omelet for breakfast
and this one I make what do you want how
is it
Candace I um took a video of you when
you're sleeping your bikini and you look
really skinny is it okay if I put it in
the vlog no your thighs look skinny
eventually mr. funny came to our heads
to the beach because where else would we
be headed
deserve and then fully recovered
oh and your sunburn is nothing shy of
extraordinary gift watches here here
blinds here lines there what is that a
cheetah
it looks like apparently my driving is
unacceptable Candice take the wheel I
think this whole area is private but on
an island with no tow trucks not really
sweating it what do you think it's fine
no one has like a permit
leaving the beach heading home they also
tried to rip canvas off for four dollars
exchanger is still 1.7
I just deleted the rest of my footage
that sucks
