see I attached the umbrella to the
headboard and then the mobile to the
umbrella and the Mobile's there air
travel never ceases to amaze me it's
like 7 o'clock I'm in my apartment in
New York City my day started in st.
Barths so that I had like a good day
there anyways that's all I have to say
back to st. Barths 7 a.m. flight off the
island is at noon I'm gonna try to make
the most of the morning can you pack for
me too
can you pack for me can you pack my
clothes
can you please pack for me thank you
what are you going in that thing we were
gonna bring the baby to the beach this
morning before we go to the airport but
she never actually woke up from her nap
so can we go to the beach now or no the
baby's sleeping you don't want to wake
her Vera granite when you're older and
then
I'm gonna be a lot more she's mad at me
about this last moment from st. Bart any
final thoughts
Jr there's none of the beach friends we
should have gone to the beach with gran
team we really gotta go okay I did it
once over are you 100%
Owen okay
the only place where there's a huge line
is the one place we need to be hey
Candace
this is us nice that sorry bring
something up to Africa okay
that's fine thank you you to worry
that little plane there's definitely
ours
okay first flight done second flight
begins now well begin soon
are you doing did it be back man we're
headed back to sit down it quickly
address the private jet situation I
realized up until now and the blog we're
a very like blase about the fact that
we're private jet not the case that was
an extraordinary circumstance we were
with some extremely generous friends who
gave us a ride and it was a very very
special occasion Owens taking a train
back to Connecticut for school tomorrow
he might miss it you think you're gonna
make it boy run you of all your stuff
just that backpack alright five buddy
good violin that's where he's going
poor kid hope you made it yeah did you
make the Train of course it is all right
so what are you gonna hang around there
then I don't you don't all right call me
let me know when you get on the train
daughter
she cold okay we're finally back home
our house is so largely a construction
site but it's good to be home
nonetheless
