ah I'm in st. Barts
which is like a small island somewhere
in the Caribbean today is March 25th
it's also my 34th birthday and I have a
big announcement to make
let me explain see I'm 34 years old
and I've never had so much going on in
my life I got married like a year ago I
had a kid three months ago my other kid
Owen he's driving now I've been
traveling a lot with and without the
family sorry I'm also helping my
supermodel friend Carly cloth start a
YouTube channel
I'm not your supermodel friends what
does your friend I'm still spending time
at MIT working at the Media Lab I
started a new business and sometimes but
not enough making movies I want to make
more movies but there's so much going on
in my life it makes it tough so I've
decided starting today my 34th birthday
I'm going to make a movie every day for
a while anyways but until I get forward
yes I'm starting a proper and daily vlog
I'm psyched so this is the first vlog
entry but let me start this morning back
in New York City
it's 5:00 a.m. our flights in three
hours we have to leave in like 10
minutes okay honey this is so much stuff
ladies thanks for the ride uh I'll see
you Monday so for my birthday me and the
fam we're taking like a morning trip
Thanks
today we enjoy the place we hope to see
you again soon
now we get on this hit so Candace's
sister is here you know this Harley just
happens to be here and her sister's
husband doesn't know that we're here so
it's gonna be a big surprise
this is our rental fee we're staying
with friends we don't know where our
friends live but we think it's this way
this is how you call a safe parts
traffic jam what do we do oh it's gonna
be somebody else's now let's go find out
what your freakin eyes in the room honey
it's the cutest little friendliest
little lizard he has nowhere to go
they're cute outside lizard the same way
I feel about blood flies you never know
where they are and they're gonna touch
you were not honey butterflies
ready following coming over here coming
headed to town we're going to pick up
Candace's sister so they can come back
for my birthday dinner pretty banged up
over 50 yo what's up guys yo starting a
blog do you guys want to be in it yes
great you're in it no look this is
before you're offering what's been your
favorite part
what's your favorite part of st. Bart's
fancy seeing France
ah all right just follows up
are you driving a standard but he
do I blow this out just to my hand
