Oh what what's happening I just booked
the first flight out of San Francisco
getting me into Houston where Candace's
Candace's meant us anyway she'll have
the baby before I get there but she also
didn't think that you go into labor
before I got back to Houston that speech
this happened an hour and 35 minutes
since I got the tags at least I made the
flight
two hours since I got the text
it's now been like almost five hours
since I got the text saying that a water
broke
and of course part super guys okay off
the plane in Houston six and a half
seven hours since she went into labor
that's why you always travel with a baby
she called me this morning and I was in
California and she says my water broke
when I get you then 35 minutes all right
I'll take that let's boogie
hey Dad I don't have time to talk to
Candace went into labor Jordan hey
Kenneth Kenneth Wendell aber she's at
the hospital everything's good this is
my mom's outgoing message Sophie keep
going
cross this intersection there yeah pull
in right here okay I'm just gonna get
out now to be the only dad in the
history of ever to skateboard to the
hospital for his daughter's birth
congratulations go ahead and keep both
answer crossed
you
Oh
