okay so I was born March 25th 1981 I
can't draw very well so my friend Kim is
gonna do that part
March 25th 1981 my mom said that she was
watching a horror movie when she went
into labor with me so there's that I had
three siblings and we lived in a
lower-middle-class part of Connecticut
my dad was a restaurant supply salesman
he sold forks and knives and dishwashers
and stuff like that he worked a lot and
my mom was pretty hands-off when it came
to parenting I described the majority of
my childhood as wonderfully unsupervised
I was a pretty bad kid like there are
these train tracks in our backyard and
we'd hang glass jars of mayonnaise off
of the bridge so the jars would smash on
the windshield of the train as it drove
by also this one time my brother and I
lit the tree fort on fire we didn't mean
to we just want to have a small fire in
our wooden feet for
I didn't hate school but it wasn't great
I was always in trouble breaking
something school trouble teacher trouble
I remember vividly this constant anxiety
I felt for most of my early school years
there was a constant tension that my
parents our teachers were going to find
out about whatever trouble I was up to
getting trouble really escalated when I
got to high school I was always in the
vice principal's office
then detention then suspension freshman
year was pretty uneventful but by my
second year I was trying to find my
place in school and started hanging out
with some of the really bad kids I got
into a lot of fights and it was around
this time that I discovered smoking weed
and drinking alcohol this was also
around the time my parents told us they
were getting a divorce
that didn't go well at all I put all the
blame on my mom I really didn't like her
then one night we got into this big
argument and she ended the fight by
saying do what I say or get out of this
house and I left I was fifteen years old
and I ran out at 9 o'clock at night on a
Tuesday okay so 15 years old and on my
own I I stayed with some friends for a
while and eventually moved in with these
two slightly older girls naturally one
of those girls became my girlfriend and
a few weeks after I moved in with them
my girlfriend got in a fight with her
roommate and she told me she wanted to
leave so her and I got her Honda and we
left we drove from Connecticut to
Virginia where my big brother van was in
college I was happy in Virginia but
after three months there my girlfriend
got pregnant so we moved back to
Connecticut I dropped out of high school
we lived in her friends basement for a
while and eventually found an apartment
I worked in this seafood restaurant I
was a dishwasher
I made 8 bucks an hour then the
following April just after my 17th
birthday
Owen was born and I was a dad now
I don't know that teenagers are
emotionally equipped for the magic that
is having a child but the feeling I had
in the hospital just after he was born
it was similar to Christmas morning when
I was little like that feeling you have
when you get exactly what you want we
moved into a trailer park it was cheap
and in a less dangerous neighborhood and
we were poor we were really poor we were
even on welfare for a little while but I
never liked the idea of handouts slowly
things settled life was ok I made a
little bit more money in the restaurant
and when he was about a year and a half
old we drove in the new york city and
stayed at my brother's apartment in
Brooklyn it was our first vacation my
older brother had just gotten an iMac
one of those funny shaped blue ones
actually this is the exact iMac this is
the first iMac you could edit video on
and we made this little movie of taking
Owen to the zoo I love the process when
we got back to Connecticut I immediately
maxed out my only credit card and bought
my own computer I spent all my free time
making these little movies and for the
first time in my life I felt like by
telling these stories I had a voice then
for a lot of good reasons
Owens mom dumped me it sucked I didn't
know what to do now before the break-up
I had this plan this dream to move to
New York City in like five years but I
just kind of said to hell with it and
decided to move to New York City
immediately it was June 2001 I was 20
years old and I moved to New York City I
was here to become a filmmaker filmmaker
sounded so much cooler than dishwasher
this was without a doubt the hardest
time of my life I I didn't know anyone I
didn't have a plan and for the first
time ever I didn't get to see my kid
every day he stayed in Connecticut with
his mom and I'd go back to be with him
three days a week it made me so sad I
didn't want Owen to grow up and think
his dad was a loser that town in
Connecticut was it felt like a dead end
that first summer in New York City I
worked as a bike messenger and
eventually this artist named Tom Sachs
somebody my brother knew hired me for
ten bucks an hour put aside a hundred
dollars a week because that's what it
would cost to get back to Connecticut to
see Owen no matter what I wouldn't touch
that travel money at the end of that
summer my three-month sublet was up and
I moved into a friend's couch in the
financial district of downtown Manhattan
my buddy said that I could stay there
for a month and the day I moved in was
September 2nd 2001
the blast from the first plane knocked
me out of bed and by the time the second
plane hit I was on my bike trying to get
away the blast from the impact of the
plane knocked me off my bike to the
ground
my dad called me that morning and he
said to me it's time to come home time
we moved back to Connecticut and I
thought about it but I figured I could
barely afford to eat I didn't have
anywhere to stay no education few
prospects I thought there's just no way
if you get any harder than this and if I
could figure out how to get through this
I'd be ok and and so I did I committed
everything to New York City to my big
dream
and that's when things started to turn
around my manual labor job turned into a
real job with real opportunities as a
studio manager for that artist a friend
of a friend freaked out after the World
Trade Center attacks and left the city I
took over his super cheap apartment all
the while I was making movies about
whatever subject matter I could come up
with I worked with my brother van we
made movies for anyone that would pay us
birthday videos and in the act for reals
we literally said yes to anything that
involved pick me up a camera then 2003 I
got my first iPod and when the battery
died a year and a half later I got
really pissed off and made a video about
their dead battery policy and I put that
on line now this is like three years
before YouTube but that video exploded
this is back in the day when the word
viral was used to describe an STD not a
video Casey started with you you know I
got the first ipod generation 1 and all
of a sudden people started asking about
other movies we had made in in 2004 a
video series we had shot in my apartment
called science experiments was invited
to be shown at the Sao Paulo biennial in
Brazil things things started to get good
I had a little bit of money and I was
able to spend more time with Owen and
for the first time he and I started
taking trips together
what the pretzel for you're gonna feed
the pretzels and the dolphin yeah when
we traveled I felt like I was able to
get to know him in a way that was
entirely new when we traveled it was
just us I love that
in 2006 I met this guy named Tom Scott
he ran a group of local TV channels and
he hired van and me to make some videos
the videos came out great and and he
made this big offer to us he simply said
I want to bankroll a big project you
guys do now I've always understood luck
to be where opportunity meets
preparation and this was a big
opportunity and we were certainly
prepared so he agreed to fund us for a
year it wasn't a lot of money just
enough so my brother van and I lived and
documented stories from our lives every
couple of weeks we edit these
experiences together to form like a
25-minute
movie sort of eventually we had eight of
those 25-minute episodes and we called
that a TV series then in 2008 we we sold
that eight episode TV series to HBO for
just under two million dollars it was it
was a big deal
HBO show premiered in 2010 then my
brother and I stopped working together I
produced a couple of movies and
ultimately I just shifted all of my
focus to YouTube I found my voice
telling stories with my videos back in
that trailer park and I had finally
found an audience for it on the Internet
Owen Owen turned 16 a couple months ago
he's taller than me now he's smarter
than me and he's definitely
better-looking than me we would never
stop traveling I don't think we ever
will and I I owe that kid a lot the
first two decades of my life were spent
being told I was wrong not fitting in
but this last decade of my life you know
those days when you're in a rush to get
somewhere and you catch every green
light that's that's what it's felt like
33 years old and I have no intention of
slowing down
Oh
like
don't meet me in no it could
