Oh what what's happening I just booked
the first flight out of San Francisco
getting me into Houston where Candace's
Candace's windows anyway she'll have the
baby before I get there but she also
didn't think that she'd go into labor
before I got back to Houston Venice
Beach this happened an hour and 35
minutes since I got the tags at least I
made the flight
two hours please I got the text
it's now been like almost five hours
since I got the tax saying that her
water broke
clothes for guys okay off the plane in
Houston six and a half seven hours since
she went into labor that's why you
always travel with she called me this
morning in housing California and she
says my water broke when I give you the
55 minutes all right I'll take that
hey dad I don't have time to talk to
Candace went to labor Jordan hey Candace
Candace went into labor she's at the
hospital
everything's good this is my mom's
outgoing message keep going across this
intersection there yeah pull in right
here okay I'm just gonna get out now to
be the only dad in history of ever to
skateboard to the hospital for his
daughter's birth
congratulations go ahead keep
