yeah that's me where you had the airport
yes is that my official comprehensive
Google glass for my unofficial
comprehend my unofficial Google glass
review biggest problem with these things
is the battery
it literally lasts 45 minutes yeah
totally yeah
am i late really a little bit so awesome
my favorite part of glass is always
having a camera with you I've always
carried like a wingsuit camera but with
glass you can literally film anything
you see nice this Frank Gehry this is
pretty amazing that did like Iron Man
there's just no way to look cool when
you wear these they're a little bit like
the Segway yeah how are you nice Segway
I got lucky I have high it's not down
bad but it's close welcome I'm at a
fancy hotel in England and I
accidentally just flooded the entire
bathroom it's like a river in here there
is no way this is my fault so could you
show me how Academy Award winning
director is operating wise and the Oscar
goes to Tom Hooper the King's Speech
that's a good Larry yeah that's quite
funny
this entire bus is for me yeah I know
that eventually they'll figure out
really amazing ways to take advantage of
this technology but for now even just as
a camera it's pretty incredible thank
you
