how how often you guys use snapchat
every couple of years a new platform
shows up and it quickly declared the
future of social media let me explain
first there was Friendster then myspace
showed up
got rid of Friendster Facebook came
along and took out my space then
Instagram showed up but was bought off
by Facebook for a billion dollars
and now there's snapchat Facebook tried
to buy snapchat for a reported three
billion dollars but snapchat refused how
big does this pile have to be now
there's a new gangster in town
say my name snapchat you're goddamn
right I live on snapchat I have snapchat
stories all the time I absolutely love
snapchat I checked snapchat often cuz
people send me like a hundred stories no
a hundred um seconds worth of snaps you
see snapchat was known as a messaging
app used to send naked pictures that
would disappear but that was before they
introduced a feature called stories tell
me that story sure all right well I dig
how you can uh you can just make a
snapchat of your day throughout you put
it to your story and you could just let
your friends live your day with you
stories are daily log of pictures and
quick videos you can add as many of
these snaps your story as you want but
each lasts 24 hours then it disappears
the reason why this is a 10 billion
dollar big deal is that no one has yet
to figure out video on mobile not
Instagram not you too and definitely not
Facebook you see it's never been about
just sharing a moving image it's about
giving people an easy way to tell a
story it sound like live actually you
see exactly what you're doing when
you're doing it so you can't like lie or
be like oh no I like I posted this
yesterday like it's great everything's
like in the moment
because the stories disappear there's a
sense of urgency Julien almost
compulsive me to post more this is my
friend Jerome Jarre it's John John John
Jerome has a huge social media following
and in the two weeks since he's joined
snapchat he's posted seven stories and a
million of his followers have found him
on the platform you could call him the
king of snapchat although he doesn't
like that title
Jerome is gonna send out a snapchat
story a snapchat video and get people to
show up in Union Square and meet us nice
yes I hope you get 20 people so that was
the idea
post a story to snapchat asking folks to
meet us in Union Square and that's how
we'd source people to interview for this
movie okay so when you push this button
this is gonna go to 1 million phone yeah
how many views the hundred forty two
thousand and sixteen minutes yeah and
what do you think of your own snap
padding going to see this guy right now
how did you learn about what's going on
snapchat this was an experiment
snapchat is about now not photos with
pretty filters not perfectly edited
videos it's about sharing stories from
your life with people who are interested
and this was a physical manifestation of
just that
fans will show up anywhere to see their
Idol this was different they were
invited on snapchat to be a part of
something about snapchat I wanna test
which of these are ferrets of try
Facebook you guys like Facebook what
does this say about the future of social
media
well for starters young people are a lot
more interested in the ephemeral than
now
like interacting in the physical world
there's less scrutiny no comments no
lights just an interaction that happens
then it disappears
you
