get up Marlon listen I am left in fact
you is this way
I know it's been a little while since we
really last talked I know I'm Way behind
in these vlogs but I hope you haven't
given up on me I haven't quit I haven't
stopped blogging I just needed a couple
of days Thank You inspector
I started this town I started this
season of the blog I made a deal with
myself that when when like my real life
not live long life but like my life
outside of uploading videos got to
chaotic now just like hit the pause
button on uploading videos and
prioritize my life and that's what the
last like 10-15 days have had been for
me it all kind of started when Candace
and I got in this big fight it was like
a major fight then I like was
uncomfortable uploading the videos that
Candace and I made together before the
fight is so weird so I was like you know
I'm just not going to think about that
when we prioritize fixing this marriage
crisis and then everything's cool with
Candace and me I mean that totally cool
and then like immediately after like
settling that situation I started to
travel and travel is always great for
making vlogs and that's how I was able
to make the Lufthansa first-class
airplane tea review yesterday featuring
Wesley Snipes
oh god their work being this good how
cool is that that he cameoed in my vlog
but I was in Germany for a minute and
then we went to France I did attempt to
vlog in France before that vlogging
effort got totally derailed from there
to VidCon and I was so psyched to vlog
at big time not to sound cynical then I
got to VidCon and I looked around and it
was like
I looked around at VidCon and it was
just like literally thousands of craters
all walking around like this talking to
their camera which I love because it
means blogging is huge but at the same
time it sort of was like I was like you
know I've never experienced VidCon so
I've always been focused on that just
like everybody else focused on making
the best VidCon video I want a few of
big John's like like through my own eyes
and set it through a camera and that
made it special and then that brings us
to yesterday when I got back to New York
and I woke up this morning I was like
man I miss vlogging and and here we are
rather than doing my regular vlog for
the rest of the day I'm gonna dedicate
the remainder of this episode to when I
arrived in France and I tried to vlog
and then I just quit hello there right
now we're in Frankfurt Frankfurt Germany
on our way - on our way - what's up Jeff
oh right
Chloe there penny there add me on your
water but you've bagged another and we
got to carry incredible and other just
concrete down pain you guys are just so
sweet
free South Africa survive see you later
is it fit my final destination down on
the knee yeah these guys I am here I'm
here I'm here in the South of France
right now in a town called captain Ted
and taboos captained in a lovely part of
France I'm here to go to the can but not
for the Cannes Film Festival for another
event they're called the kam lions which
is a more like an industry advertising
neat thing and I'm here for three
reasons number one is to speak on some
panels and do some stuff with CNN to is
to do a panel and a talk with Google
which is exciting number three is to
make a video with Samsung that I'm super
excited about it's a video about summer
time tomorrow I'm shooting that video
and then the rest of the stuffs
happening the rest of the time but I've
got a bunch of my friends here my
youtuber friends are Jesse's here
marques is here super stoked plus what
is view
that's France there's really only one
way that I like to begin any trip like
this with a run well almost a solid run
I only got seven miles in because uh I'm
late to meet you know Paul and Kelty
ingesting all them but it was still a
who's still still a solid run
one of the more fantastical hotels are
overstated look at that place like stay
in the White House just you follow me
what's up kid hi are you doing okay see
I don't know see already you see my
videos can you jump off the diving board
this is scary
yeah nice to meet you is just shy to say
hi just finished our meeting in our
lunch good right but lunch me I mean the
view is not that very good you kind of
lack a little bit we'll get you spoon
look at that look I know I just saw it
and look at this place
Oh
diving board swimming pool other stuff
Jessie we got funding out in France
match anybody very all my all my
favorite people are here Carly here dip
it's very messy and glamorous the gym
there with Max is here Wesley Snipes
well so need like this would help what's
happening now we're going now we're
going in just half now we're going to
meet marques in town yeah mark has been
drunk so it goes like this
tomorrow is our big shoot day max and
Jesse are working and me are all working
on the same video so yeah max is working
always only getting the shot how's it
going up there Maxie Cindy didn't make
any sense it was just like a vlog that
was doing well then just ended there's
no end and there was no second act or
third actor that's what I didn't finish
shooting that vlog I hope you understand
it felt very necessary to like hit pause
focus on work take him in to catch my
breath
alright happy to be back and welcome
back to our regularly scheduled
hi Tom
