it's important to take a minute in the
day and take care of yourself and you've
never had a facial before Casey which is
just crazy
Casey you're gonna be so spoiled after
this spread I mean as a model I always
said even eventually not I think you
should be I think you should be offended
you weren't invited to be on the
September issue cover you know how the
magic happens
more like a big shoots not that hard
I hate these hey here's a week to do
this I try and do it every day what's
your favorite kiss
soft
are you making friends I'm making
friends
okay cocky Oh
nope the Oscar de la Renta Express I'm
not gonna move every merge so let's go
choose everybody
okay without opening your eyes I'll see
you later Carly good luck out there
you
you
you
you
I
all right so
show's over it's really hot now the
hardest crowd night goes ahead of us
even the elevator to go downstairs you
know that is really nice leaving no fun
here yes a good day
yes good day good day all right it's a
wrap sera I hope you have a good day you
too so it's now 7:30 7:35 p.m. we've got
a really nice long day it was easy
actually I think it's fair - I have one
question to end this movie with it would
be party to insist on us both wearing
sunglasses and I
because by Carly thank you for a great
day tomorrow
are you confession week
