organization is everything it's what
separates us from the rest of the
animals there's a specific place for
everything always and this is the story
of my little red boxes there's a total
of 39 red boxes across seven shelves
they're a means of codifying the chaos
that is hundreds of tiny things I never
really know what I'm gonna need so I try
to keep everything on hand all the time
the hard part of that is keeping track
of it all
see it's easy to keep track of things
like my skateboard or chainsaw or my
body armor but when I need my three two
hundred silver bearing solder to keep
track of that you need a system because
there's more than one item per box they
could never be organized alphabetically
there's an intuitive methodology behind
grouping similar items one will always
be more like the other this is the
premise for my box organization you're
looking for markers and at a glance you
see whiteout you know your clothes
adversely if you're looking for one and
a half inch door hinges and see USB
cables you're looking in the wrong place
hinges are near mending plates mending
plates on your zip ties zip ties are
near Velcro velcro near rubber bands get
it out of clutter find simplicity
so those are the boxes mmm they weren't
very expensive and I don't remember
where I got them
I
