I've had a lot of people ask me to do a
daily vlog I haven't done it yet because
well it just seems daunting and I'd hate
to feel obliged to make my life seem
more interesting than it actually is
just to make my vlog fun to watch I
recently started playing with snapchat
stories and realized I was making these
kind of crappy daily vlogs on my cell
phone with snapchat and I thought why
not preserve those stick them on YouTube
and kind of call that my vlog you want
to see the work I really care about
click here this is the work that I
actually care about this is the work
that matters but if you're curious about
what I'm up to and you're willing to
tolerate these terribly made horrible
cell phone shot and portrait mode
snapchat stories well then you're in the
right place
oh and obviously if you want to see
these things happening in real time
follow me on I mean add me on snapchat
as Casey
