this is my favorite video camera the
canon s120 I've had every iteration of
it from the original s90 which I lost
the s95 which I broke it's 100 I also
broke another s 100 broke that the s 110
which I broke but it still works
and now the s 120 best yet it's an
almost perfect camera there's just one
really stupid major design flaw and
that's the location of the microphones
see all the previous versions had the
mic in the front which is fine but now
it's on the top see the trouble is when
they hold the camera you intuitively
hold it like this and when your fingers
here it's directly over the microphone
which means instead of your audio
sounding like this it sounds like this
not cool canon so here's how to fix it
you're gonna need a razor blade microns
0:05 and some rubber gloves popsicle
stick white spray paint five-minute
epoxy and blue tape blue tape is super
important and start by painting one end
of the popsicle stick white then you
want to measure out the space under the
microphone between the power button and
flat now cut the white end of the
popsicle stick to those dimensions and
now you want to label that tiny piece of
wood score the camera to give the epoxy
something to bite on to now tape off
that area making sure to protect the
microphones while leaving enough space
for your marker working with epoxy resin
is a delicate process if not handled
correctly this will wreck your
entire life combine equal parts resin
and hardener you don't need much mix
thoroughly but quickly play a thin bed
of epoxy down and place the marker then
cover it and resin let that set for
about 60 seconds then remove the tape
let it harden for a while
there now you have a little marker
that'll keep your finger above the
microphone instead of on top of it I
like to further customize mine by
removing stickers engraving a return
notice a date I like to delineate the
on/off switch with white nail polish and
lastly to cover up all branding because
