this is Uganda and these hysterical
children are chanting Kiwi Kiwi kiwa
Nuka they're chanting for this enormous
man here mathias ki Juanita and that's
his wife Tessa
the kids are psyched because he just
built them a new school now when he's
not building schools in Africa he plays
defensive end the New York Giants
Matthias has deep roots in Uganda
his grandfather was the first Prime
Minister and a lot of his family still
lives there
this is his family here well not those
two white girls they're not Ugandan or
related to Mathias the reason we're in
Uganda is to bring some attention to the
nonprofit those ladies work for I'd say
treat the pain is an organization that
is bringing palliative care bringing
drugs specifically morphine to people
who don't have access to it okay let me
say that again
we're in Uganda would treat the pain a
program of the American Cancer Society
and they work to provide access to pain
relief okay don't stop watching if a pro
footballer can give this much energy to
the cause well you see this program what
they do it's tough to talk about they
work with organizations to provide pain
relief to dying people at some point we
are all going to die and if you're dying
from a sickness or an illness you're
probably going to have a lot of pain in
the United States we don't think about
it because you know you just pour a
button and somebody gives you a pain
reliever but around the world in places
like Uganda they're people who are
literally dying without any medication
at all which is a horrible way to even
think of passing
treat the pain works to improve access
to pain relief for people dying of AIDS
or cancer because the only thing worse
than dying of AIDS or cancer is to die
of AIDS or cancer with no access to pain
relief and you talk to a number of
people who says without this morphine I
would have you know no dignity I would
have a hard time getting through the day
today our doubt a minute-by-minute
because the pain is that great
the thing about this problem the lack of
access to pain relief is that there's a
solution kind of an easy one and that's
to get more medication to more people
who need it and by working with
organizations like hospice Africa Uganda
that's what treat the pain does
you
you
there's no shortage of problems in this
world you can't solve them all why care
about this problem because it's fixable
and it gives people their dignity
