just doesn't seem safe at all
they neither I doesn't seem safe either
only only here in the studio for a quick
second because today's the weekend and I
have got weekend plans and in fact we
can plan today are extremely special
weekend plans
last year Candace and I went to this
thing we didn't know what it was it's
like a polo match like you know polo
like horses and I don't know anything
about polo anyway we get invited and we
get to go to this like very special polo
match that's today I'm only in the
studio excited pick up some gear is to
take a boat get there
very serious fashion taking place like
this thing us Candice that's all hi
honey
are you excited for the polo match yeah
I've got a great mood here is I gotta
fight if you like my outfit looks we're
coming clean about it and I told you
later
I wonder where my after watch short we
need fancy out here girl
how do we characterize what this thing
is Candace
it's a polo match just it's like some
people like to wash but more like a
social event
it's the fanciest most ridiculously well
dressed people ever and everyone's drunk
and then there's a bunch of people on
horses playing a sport that I don't
understand the soccer buddies sticking a
horse that should not what that is not
what solo is the food here is really
special role and the drink the drinks
are really fancy little oranges that you
just eat eat it don't feel you just need
it there's a thief in the night
potential you can open turning the whole
script around
begins begun so we have no idea what's
in the book because yes it turns into
Jupiter public school every walk
there's a man behind you right here who
has a portable humidor for insta or this
event
so what are we doing right now we have a
list of actions like cute little actions
like to stop Indiana Jones we open the
umbrella and then then you to reveal
that what's this for
it's for the vote cleco Instagram okay
yeah let's do it
all right let's go into film all right
right this is one second let me get to
that
got good feel good about it you guys
want to be in the vlog yeah when you're
not your pictures workout we're gonna
wait don't forget to my date Nate me
Thank You Nate bye guys
for the last one
our Mountain
why does that top have an umbrella yeah
open it
the events over we're on our way back to
the ferry to go home we met these guys
in this kind of coastguard looking dingy
thing yeah free ride back to Manhattan
so excited
- be careful - I sincerely
this sucks and I'm sorry I know this
episode sucks see this is one of my one
of my lost episodes because I shot that
day it was like fun it was a great day
seeing the polo match but then we went
home and like Candace and I got in a
fight if I'm gonna be honest with you I
didn't shoot anything for the rest of
the day and then I cut it and I was like
that's not a full episode so I shelved
it and then I was like it was kind of a
good day though and it was beautiful and
I had permission to fly that drone fau
here that we had permission to fly
drones I was thinking about it I was
like well maybe I should share it but it
still kind of sucks so anyway I hope
you're ok with that I hope you liked it
even though I feel like it was a weak
story it lacks the depth that I aspire
for in these vlogs ok that's it
check out this boat right here it's got
a kind of helicopter on the back can you
see that here I helicopter on the back
yeah
