this is exactly like
neighborhood welcome my name is Casey
Neistat and this is my this is my studio
all in all I've been at 368 Broadway for
almost 10 years I make movies here
I started making movies and I think it
was 2000 it might have been 99 whenever
Apple came out with that blue iMac know
what I'm talking about in case you don't
it's right there
maxed out my credit card to get that
computer and I learned how to edit using
the iMovie tutorial which was like a
washing Steve Jobs dog and outdoor
kiddie pool that was the footage I gave
you and then played with cutting it and
now it's sort of it I started messing
with that I got really into filmmaking
and I kind of never looked that hustled
my way hustled my way through the
business all of my short movies are like
are produced in here all my animations
are shot in here right here actually and
I would say the basic premise of this
studio is anything I may need ever to
make one of my movies I should have in
within this studio whether that be
camera gear or a chainsaw
but everything in here is home designed
by me and built out by me over the years
that's how it maintains on this
consistent aesthetic plus I really like
to buy things I always prefer to make
things and I think this studio kind of
embodies that maybe more than anything
else that I do so this is the workshop
here the tool shop here this workshops
needed to maintain this studio so
anytime I need to build anything in the
studio I usually start at the workshop
all these tools here in the layout of
everything here is designed with purpose
so everything that's within the hands
reads within an arm's reach like this
all of this stuff these are the most
frequently used tools including all
these power tools which are always ready
to go always plugged in always out and
then when you go up another level these
are items that are used slightly less
frequently so they're still within an
arm's reach like spray paint but they
aren't taking up space the way these
tools are space taking up space then the
next level above that are things that
are used maybe even less frequently like
light bulbs or my silk screening
equipment and then up there is deep
storage so to get up there you would
actually need to use a ladder
and all that's very deliberate it's to
make this area as functional as possible
this is some of the studio weapon
I've never actually used but it's funny
this is a baseball bat and the move sort
of goes like this say like the pizza man
gets belligerent as you're talking to
the pizza man like this this comes and
then you have it at the ready and then
obviously in case the baseball that
doesn't work we have a series of axes
this is more of a tomahawk this is more
of a wood chopping axe and then if
really gets out of control obviously
there's the more lethal options this
year is we're painting equipment by
painting supplies get really out of
control when I'm in the middle of
painting something so I think it was two
summers ago now I had an intern last
summer I had an intern design a painting
shelf that incorporated all of my
painting tools
it took them the entire summer to build
it so I had them rebuild it maybe 20
times the thing that drives me nuts is
this angle bracket used for this shelf
here this should not be an angle bracket
it should be a corner bracket like this
angle brackets Bend and that's why this
isn't a right angle corner brackets will
never Bend this is the appropriately
named wireless setup if something
doesn't work you need to follow a cable
if it's a rat's nest of cables it's very
hard to follow but if it's laid out like
this it makes it much easier to follow
so well it's pretty to look at it's also
it serves a function having having your
wires and cables organized like this and
this is something to try to maintain
throughout the entire video I get a lot
of why am I so OCD or obsessive about
this space it's not so much about that
just pure functionality I mean there's
so much in here all of its used
otherwise it wouldn't be in here and you
have to keep track of it so every minute
that I spend looking for like velcro
tape or my drill gun is a minute I'm not
doing something productive so why not
build an infrastructure that supports
that rather than encourages the chaos so
the tool area looks the way it looks not
because I think it looks cool but
because that's like the height of
functionality and that level of
functionality breeds its own aesthetic
this is my overhead shooting rig and
it's probably the tool that I use most
after a camera when it comes to making
movies and this is I built and designed
this and the idea with this is the
cameras here are facing straight down
the monitors here it telescopes up and
down it's like like that so let's just
plywood and then a vise up there and
then it telescopes I'm sorry it slides
back and forth just using this clamp
here so it slides back and forth like
that and then left and right using the
same clamp and then I have this this
ruler this measuring device here to set
focus at certain Heights so I know
harder to bring things up how far to
move them down I use deli paper here for
white seamless that pulls down all of
these tools here are things that I use
when shooting on this table so they're
always readily available
this is the black seamless here and the
black Simas is activated if you see this
red sort of button here in theory you
just try to push that and it rolls out
so then you have sort of a black
backdrop instead of a white or the wood
this is probably the latest edition when
the air conditioner is blasting and I'm
doing like stop-motion so the air
conditioner doesn't blow away all the
paper whatever I'm using I put a it's
just a window blind this tape dispenser
here cost $100 and I saw this in a
science lab and just had to have it and
it's just used for labeling so it's
different color masking tapes made in
USA a suction cup to the table anyhow
it's just something I really like this
table is actually a door from a world
war two shipping boat then I bought like
$8 or $15 or something insane and then
turn it into a table on wheels this here
this is the my assistant or back up edit
Bay so when I'm working with an
assistant editor this is where I stick
them nothing super interesting about
this space except for the fact that it's
is far from my desk is any location in
the office because when I'm working with
an assistant editor
they should have their space and I
should have mine so like in the early
2000s when everything was going from VHS
to DVD I panicked because I I think DVD
is the worst medium in the history of
moving images so what I do is I I had a
Netflix account where I get my three
DVDs every other day and I would
downgrade the DVDs onto VHS so I back up
my entire collection on the VHS I had
that going for several years until they
came out Netflix on demand which i think
is the best medium in the history of
moving images and that's when this
program kind of stopped but um I really
hate DVDs these are bootleg bootleg copy
of my HBO series we print these right
there this monitor here is just so
motorcycle cars parked outside you can
kind of keep an eye on it so when the
second floor here these are like 12 foot
windows with the second floor just above
Broadway which makes it really really
tricky to record audio in here it's so
noisy but it's really good for social
interaction this is really fun this is
just for the double-decker in New York
City tourist bus drive by a lot so this
is how there's one right now and then
you get up from the way before the cops
show up because you get trouble with
this thing so all this stuff around here
like pencils play-doh crayons chalk
Elmer's glue and then all of these
things these are all used for movies
they're all used for stop frame
animating things like that and then when
you see stuff like these things they
were all made for a movie much like all
of the things that are posted up around
here they're all props or animations or
drawings used in movies and it's like if
you put all that effort into making
something it's hard to just throw it out
so if you have wall space it gets pinned
up so this is like my studio managers
desk here and all these red boxes here
are Studio supplies that aren't out how
they're organized now is categorically
so you know like these
scotch tape and double-sided tape and
the idea is they should have a
relationship with the items around them
so scotch tape does have sort of some
relationship with you know diamond label
makers which has a relationship with
maybe staples which has a relationship
with like scissors which sort of has a
relationship with paintbrushes and then
glue and then hot glue grommet gun sort
of works that and the idea is it
couldn't be alphabetized as each box has
more than one item in it but at a glance
you should be able to figure out where
whatever you're looking for is it only
sort of works like that I'm still go
through every box and I'm looking for
something this wallet pictures here I
used to take a picture of every friend
that came by every one that came by the
studio and stick it on the wall but I
ran out of wall space and Polaroids got
really really expensive so I kind of
called it quits there and now it's a
little bit of like a permanent
installation what's fun about this
though is it's a little bit like it's
like a physical Facebook like no matter
who comes by the studio they're like I
know that guy and that's like a fun
thing but it's it's something you see
that rarely gets touched and I like it
nice
this is my office
I do have what I think is the world's
largest or maybe most expensive peephole
which is this and I just made that out
of this is a like a 55 inch flat-screen
TV that I spray-painted white and turned
on its side
and then there's a GoPro camera mounted
on the other side that's just
permanently on interesting side note
each GoPro lasts about six months before
the battery melts but I send it back to
GoPro and they just send me a new one
thanks Gil Pro this is level for a body
armor with ceramic plates in the front
in the back and I have this because when
I was in Afghanistan we had to wear body
armor and this is a picture of me in
Afghanistan these are my gymnast rings I
like to exercise and it's nice having
these rings here says you can just jump
out of the chair and do pull-ups or
swing from them or what have you this is
my speed bag and this speed bag is you
just kind of lower it
and there are weights there are weights
on the top here to keep from bouncing so
it's pretty strong and then I made a
little bit tall so I have a little a
little stool here that I stand on and
then it's just when you get bored during
the day it's oddly relaxing to be able
to to kind of take a break from work and
beat up the speed bag so that's why
that's there this is a trench knife and
my friend made for me for my birthday
it's not actually tsa approved my
friends Tom sacks made that for me I use
it to open amazon.com boxes this is my
camera setup over here at a glance I
want to know if all my batteries are
here and make sure they're all charging
so every charger has a spot every
charger is labeled and every buck
charger in theory should have a battery
and if the battery is not in it the
batteries in the camera being used same
sort of idea with this camera setup here
I've gone through like 20 iterations of
a camera rack padded with spots for each
camera and all that and sort of the
easiest is just always having like
having them out that way you can sort of
grab and go with any at any time just
with whatever camera I want my favorite
camera my favorite point-and-shoot
camera probably my favorite camera my
favorite video camera anyways is the
Canon s100
this series this is the S 95 this is the
s 100 this is the S 100 this is the S
110 I've broken every single one of
these including my latest this one I
just broke yesterday but there's still
my favorite camera I just don't think
cameras are precious I think they're
tools and if you break them you break
them so I don't really hold back much
when using them this is my favorite lens
this is sort of my go-to and it's a
Tamron 24 to 70
I like this lens it's a really short
lens really wide lens but it has a image
stabilizer so the Canon 24 to 70 is also
a great lens but doesn't have the
stabilizer so that's why I use these
I've
of them this is where I sit this here is
this is the other side of the studio
this is the door you guys came through
this is the other door this is outside
any idea what this is at a glance I can
sort of see everything that's going on
you can set up your iTunes I think
through one of these buttons to control
which speakers it plays through but I
don't like virtual software interfaces I
like physical interfaces so I built this
box here and it's just plywood and a
light switch but through this box I can
control like these are my office
speakers and then these are the studio
speakers so they play out there I'm here
both up and kill them both you know I
have to fumble through your software and
open the right application or deal with
any of that it's just a hard
clip so that's something I'm immensely
proud of it's really complicated to
figure out how to do that wiring this is
like this is a police baton that I
painted to look like a candy cane so
it'd be less threatening just in kind of
fun this is like a 100 year old fire
extinguisher you'd throw this at the
base of a fire to explode put the fire
out but apparently the chemicals inside
it cause cancer so we're very careful
not to use that just use a pole and
spring bottle instead this is a my
Independent Spirit Award pretty proud of
this one this is an award from Vimeo
I always prefer to build things over
buying them because you can never get
exactly what you want when you buy it
but when you build it it it is yours so
it's easier to take ownership up and you
can make it specifically yours
I don't think anywhere in the universe
is a shooting table that's exactly fits
that space but I could build that in an
afternoon and it's done and I think
that's true also with my movies it's
like there's nothing really typical
about the way I make movies but they get
their job done they tell the story so I
sort of embraced like the handmade
quality that I use with carpentry also
with with filmmaking whatever it takes
to tell the story is what it takes to
tell the story
you
you
