New York City is the greatest place on
earth but living here is a huge pain in
the ass paramount that pain in the ass
is getting around the city many options
none perfect the subway is good but you
have to wait around for the trains and
generally I don't like being underground
you could drive but traffic tickets suck
parking is impossible and if you do find
a spot it cost nineteen dollars and
forty three cents for a half an hour
their bus is but if you're under the age
of 70 ain't nobody got time for that I
rode a bike which is a huge pain in the
ass always getting stolen flat tires and
I'm always crashing into everything now
we have bike share city bike so I
figured I'd try it out see how big of a
pain in the ass that is
so I'm gonna test the city bike versus
my personal bike versus a taxi for good
measure
looking at four factors comfort speed
cost and ease of use all on a scale of
one to ten one being easy as pie ten
being a huge pain in the ass the test
will be on my daily commute from my
apartment in Greenwich Village to my
office and Tribeca first up is the taxi
okay I am now going to commute to work
taking a New York City Taxi the hardest
part of taking a taxi in New York City
it's finding attacks the hardest part of
using a taxi is finding one that's a big
pain in the ass you end up chasing a car
a block and a half heels I like your
shoes hey doing your city taxis aren't
very comfortable
get your own AC control get TV comfy yes
cheap no this ride cost me eleven
dollars and thirty cents
so if I did that twice a day five days a
week 52 weeks a year that's a pain in
the ass and speed the ride was actually
pretty quick 14 minutes and 55 seconds
all in the taxi got a pain-in-the-ass
factor of 23 that's a pretty big pain in
the ass
next up my bike I lock it right outside
my house so that's not such a pain in
the ass as long as it's not raining it's
pretty easy to use so this bikes
extremely uncomfortable the handlebars
are narrow
see really hard and the pedals never
stop spinning it makes it Viking has
always been pretty economical figure 300
for the bike 80 for the lock average
about 18 months before it gets stolen
divide that by two-thirds add 50 per
repairs not bad what this thing is is
fast there's nothing faster than racing
around this city on a fixed gear and
stop going a door on the fifth gear
nine minutes two seconds all things
considered owning a bike isn't that big
of a painting yes
which brings us to city bike now full
disclosure
I'd never ridden one before and I didn't
really know what to expect
sight there's a city bike station a few
hundred feet from my front door I
glossed over the directions and then got
to the touchscreen it was slow and not
super responsive plus there were way way
too many screens to cycle through
eventually I got a code and snagged the
very last bite that process was a huge
pain in the ass it's a very smooth ride
the grips are comfy handlebars solid
brakes feel responsive the seat is mushy
like a marshmallow like a grip shift
situation here nice right
I paid $10 for the day but an annual
pass is only 95 bucks total deal I
wouldn't call it a fast bike
but it felt sturdy and safe
I did spend five minutes looking for a
station to return it which made my total
commute 16 minutes and 7 seconds I
really like the bike share but paying
and returning it was a huge pain in the
ass when I got back to my office I did
about 30 seconds of research turns out
if you register online you get a key and
can skip the entire touchscreen credit
card mess and there's an app showing you
where to find and park the bikes this
would have saved me about five minutes
turns out city bikes not a pain in the
ass at all it's great all you have to do
is learn how to use it
you
