that film that I film this a couple
weeks ago but then some family issues
came up and I just wasn't making any
videos and then I moved on and was
making other videos and then I realized
this weekend that I never made this and
that it was lost a lost episode
then just giving the audience a ll brief
of what we're up to this morning it's
all along is just getting a solid
running game a great play by other great
weather yeah then I write here write it
leave it but run disease a little
brother it looks just like me when you
guys taste all weird
hey Dean I saw you and half the cards
last night big deal this jack
big deal well I'm supposed to watch it
tonight
don't spoil it blue guys were animals
solid eleven and a half mile run this
morning at a really fast 7:10 8:00 to
5:00 or later
can I get a picture with you
world experience so I now have a super
hot breakfast date with my dear friend
it's Jake okay
it's still a super hot breakfast day so
we both have fruit salad learn I love
breakfast meeting well I don't love any
meetings but if I have to do a meeting I
want to do somebody that I really like
like Jake and then it has to be at
breakfast I used to back before I like
work for myself when I had like a
regular real job and I had a boss and
stuff I had to be at work at 9:00 or
10:00 in the morning to the way that I
would take my meetings for my like
personal stuff is out scheduled meetings
for like 7:30 in the morning and I did
that out of necessity but what that said
the people that I was meeting was is it
like I was like a hardcore early riser
and when you walk into a meeting at 7:00
a.m. the people you're meeting with
they're tired they're off guard and
you're strong and you're ready to go
thinking of productivity and efficiency
a lot of my time in here is spent
reviewing videos like I make to be able
to watch it back
I've been time to figure out how to
multitask while watching a video check
out what I came up with
whose office they're right about pitch
number two grab the laptop with a little
bit of like a viewing station then hit
back with this here you think these are
like rubber bands like a hotel travel
gym honestly I thought they are really
stupid when somebody sent those to me
but then I kind of set them up in here
and now I'll want to dock my videos I
also get a little bit of workout it
curls right here they got your chest
presses flies and shoulder presses
tricep whatever these are called
honestly just a great way to squeeze get
a quick workout look at your work done
amen
your day
you know that lovely girl that I married
who is called Candace
well her little company called Billy is
in so well they're expanding from there
itty bitty office into a significantly
larger office she just got the keys
today this huge deal here to give her a
high five
can't believe like their sir what are
you doing here
let's call it a light or something she's
got you doing construction for this is
my younger brother you might remember
him from earlier in the vlog he is a
professional stuntman actor a movie star
and apparently Candace's contractor
what's up sup man you good I'm good good
boy yet
Marlon clown he's a flower good man
Keith let me ask you dude does Marlon
get a hard time at ups but he's always
in my videos no he nobody knows who he
is he's like when he comes with his
coworkers he's like he's the most famous
UPS man on planet Earth Nina clay oh you
are kidding good to see you full
generator hi hello hi hi this is so
exciting look I found Dean he's here to
get your instruction hi kid you doing
work what are you taking out all this
stuff you can't afford to if that's
gonna say what about this beautiful yeah
I can't make it out oh how many more
t-shirts do you have to sell before you
can afford to remove that whoa
really push them at the office so
goodbye that's not true
so what honey this was somebody's
apartment somebody lived here
somebody was squatting here you
defrauded them and took the space real
estate based in New York City is the
harder to come by commodity especially
for work stuff this is a huge deal how
many years have you been in this
building we was building for ten years
just gorgeous
big deal
super quick lady with the girl go home
why did you go forget about us never
what put the 52 out the next play well I
don't know I'm a guru that like you did
that was terrible okay if by OC at home
the accident stop
so should I left my backpack with my
laptop and everything else is important
in Candace's office you go back now and
get it
all right no big deal coming to support
down the backpack I know I said it's a
lot on here but I am really proud of
Candace for starting a new company
building a new company not growing a new
company even not like weirdos face that
she's moving it's just a really really
big deal for her and a really big deal
in general I feel like you just went
Ritchie short careful fairy mommy have
scissors lawn is cutting off her pin
that's a short I mean it's cute a good
short I cut me short this is daddy's new
hat doesn't look nice on daddy do you
like that is hot
