so my bike got stolen last week and it
was my fault but well here's what
happened this is my office and there's
nowhere to lock your bike so I have to
put mine at the end of the block there
but it gets crowded there and the
options for locking your bike are shit
sometimes I have to lock my bike over
other bikes and on this day in haste I
locked my bike through the stem instead
of through the frame what this means is
any enterprising bike thief need only an
Allen wrench to release the stem from
the for circumvent the lock and take the
bike thieves bring out the worst in this
city my fault yes but if I had had a
proper bike rack I could have done a
proper locked job and the son of a bitch
who stole my bike would have needed a
lot more than an allen wrench to take it
I bought the bike rack online for 150
bucks it's pretty much the answer to all
my problems
there now the city is a little bit
better for everyone who rides bikes
