Oh
it's very important research research is
a systematic inquiry into a subject a
specific subject in this case the C and
a this is the research movie get to
Germany good research begins at the
sauce differ in the wrong country
you're making a philosophical sense to
me
let's go check out the mileage on this
thing 30-mile history try to understand
the history without it nothing will make
sense
what invented by Tarleton's 1886 of the
video of the history of this world to
learn about the car drive the car drive
it far drive it fast it should be stated
for the record then according to
everyone anyone that I've ever driven
with I am a horrible driver
only two people in the world you should
lie to your girlfriend and the police a
bit of a situation here with the police
yeah how's the driver I got some snacks
if you want you're now entering prayer
when you drive in France with an
American driver's license you do not
have to adhere to any of the French
driving rules
Casey is charming us out of a second
ticket did you help me put these pajamas
on Loveline Elsie okay we're leaving
this castle in France here what does
that say your instructions off the
highway means that means dangerous stand
here I'm just going to go ahead and say
nein I think we're in the wrong part of
France so maybe we're in Switzerland now
and where we are lost in Switzerland
this there are two kinds of men in this
world those who can build things with
their hands and everyone else drive
faster
fear is exciting
we're racing an Audi right now he is
right on our ass and you're in the
better car race to win
135 36 keep it away we got I now you
should understand it's the best or
nothing
and that is the value of research
you
