in New York City
most chain restaurants are required to
post calorie information on their menus
soon because of Obamacare all
restaurants with more than 20 locations
will be required to post calorie counts
it's like how the FDA requires labels on
packaged foods the idea is pretty basic
when you know how much you're eating you
tend to eat less now section eighty one
five zero of the New York City health
code states the Health Department will
cite violations if you fail to post
calorie information but the Health
Department doesn't verify the accuracy
of that information they told me no one
checks to make sure these numbers are
correct so I thought I'd assume that
responsibility the actual process for
testing caloric content is incredibly
complicated and horribly boring it
involved two food scientists who are
totally patient and answered all of my
stupid questions and it's pronounced
calorimeter calorimeter okay got it we
needed the resources of the obesity
research lab at st. Luke's Hospital
it involved precision beyond anything
I'm capable of
and a lot of math it took us 10 hours to
test five items
how much do you stand but how much do
you stand behind today's results
Harvison now there was very little
science put into the selection of food
to be tested I just tried to pick all
the foods that I might eat in a single
day some from restaurants some packaged
these muffins are everywhere in the city
but the nutritional information is
impossible to find
they're called yogurt muffins and the
guys the bodega said low-fat they're
pretty healthy the best all right thank
you
there's no nutritional information on
their website so I called them and they
faxed me the data according to them the
muffin had an incredible 640 calories
and it was even more incredible to find
out there are actually seven hundred and
thirty four point seven calories that's
more calories than to McDonald's Egg
McMuffins
thoughts on the results from the nutty
banana no next up the Frappuccino a
grande with whipped cream is supposed to
have 370 calories the actual count was
390 2.9 I can forgive that the girls at
Starbucks like me they probably just
gave me an extra squirt I use triple A's
online calorie calculator to add up all
the ingredients in my burrito it came to
a whopping 1175 calories not a huge
surprise this thing's as big as my foot
actual count was just over 10 percent
more which is an understandable margin
but nonetheless a lot of unaccounted for
calories
a favorite snack of mine are these
vegetarian sandwiches they taste okay
and our vegan kosher and according to
label only have 228 calories plus in big
bold italic red letters it says healthy
and this healthy sandwich took the
trophy for the biggest inaccuracy actual
calorie content was nearly double what
the label said giving this sandwich
about the same amount of calories as a
Big Mac not cool
and lastly Subway I just didn't believe
that a sandwich this big could only have
360 calories but I guess that guy Jarrod
knows what he's talking about
the only item tested to come in under
the declared amount was Subway now this
isn't a conclusive study I didn't test
multiple samples but I did find that on
this day if I had based my diet on the
calorie counts provided to me because of
the discrepancies in those counts I
would have consumed an extra 548
calories so today's 548 calorie
discrepancy means I unknowingly ate a
McDonald's quarter pounder with cheese
or two hamburgers worth of calories or
two Snickers or a couple of donuts which
all that is the question if the
requirement to post the information is
going to be in force why not also
enforce its accuracy by again thanks for
your help
you
