from New York City Mayor Michael
Bloomberg that's being met with some
mixed reactions as we told you on
Thursday wants to outlaw large sodas and
sugary drinks to help fight the obesity
epidemic Mayor Bloomberg is with us this
morning there's been a lot of talk about
the proposed sugary drink ban in an
attempt to understand the proposal I
called the mayor's office and they sent
me these the New York City obesity task
force plan to prevent and control
obesity a collection of statements in
support of the proposal the notice of
public hearing and the actual proposed
amendment of article 81 67 pages in
total so I thought I'd try to reduce the
sugary drink ban down to a simple
explanation a sort of simple explanation
so most restaurants have three sizes
small medium and large at McDonald's
that 16 ounces 21 ounces and 32 ounces
his proposal prohibits sugary drinks
larger than 16 ounces that part makes
sense
a large coke and McDonald's is like
drinking for 8 ounce bottles it's 104
grams of sugar we don't need that same
deal at Subway
gotta be under 16 ounces
this big guy here is the same as
drinking four and a half cans of coke
bought the movies that's 175 and 1/2
grams of sugar
Starbucks is okay except for venti and
of course the the way it would work is
simply those organizations that those
industries that we regulate which are
restaurants and movie theaters and cars
what's the mayor just mumbled was that
only food service establishments
regulated by the city will be affected
so because they're not regulated by the
city 7-eleven will still be able to sell
whatever size Slurpees they want and
when I get a subway I can just walk
across the street to get my fifty four
ounce coke and that humongous Starbucks
is okay because it's not sweetened by
the establishment I add the sugar
same with coffee from Dunkin Donuts and
while you're there you could grab a
32-ounce Tori Oh vanilla bean whatta
with a whopping 150 grams of sugar
because there's also an exception if the
drink contains more than 50% milk even
still if you wanted to get real weird
you just go to a drugstore and buy
2-liter bottle of coke or just buy two
cokes see preventing people from
drinking what they want is not the goal
of the ban if you want to order two cups
at the same time that's fine it's your
choice we're not taking away anybody's
right to do things we're simply forcing
you to understand I'll take you out of
context right there mr. mayor forcing
you to understand people in New York
like people in the rest of America are
fat getting fatter and whether or not
this ridiculous ban passes it has forced
a conversation about why people are
getting fat and that that's a good thing
