Instagram is my favorite of all social
media
Twitter's all right but it's limited to
sharing ideas through text and Facebook
was great but it's lost its way now it's
just this constant flow of internet
diarrhea posted by people I only sort of
know but Instagram it's pure just the
good stuff if Facebook is Lucky Charms
Instagram is just the marshmallows but a
platform is only as good as its users
you see Instagram it's not about the
pictures it's about the sharing this is
my family photo album 1985 and this
albums not precious because of the
photography it's the documentation of
life that makes me care and the magic of
Instagram is that you get to peer into
the lives of really interesting people
rick ross this guy is
fascinating and he's really good at
sharing it with tiny cell phone pictures
he's got a Rolex tattoo on his thumb a
pair of red sneakers made from the skin
of a Python shoe boxes of $100 bills
and while in Nigeria this was his
security detail in sharp contrast to
Ricky Rozay is this little man now I'm a
Bieber fan that's why I follow him in
the first place but Biebs you're one of
the most famous people on the Internet
but all you have to share is picture
after pixelated picture of your face
there's no story Justin find your theme
and share it
this guy's theme is puppies all puppies
me like most I try to mimic the old
photo albums capture my life with a
couple of pictures a day and that's it
that's the key to keep me Instagram
great well that and the rest of the
stuff I wrote in my notebook I'll be
fast to start easy with the hashtags
nobody cares and don't tag people in
their own pictures it's completely
unnecessary asking people to follow you
it's not okay it's never okay less is
more with the tilt-shift
filter it's most flattering if used
sparingly cropping is never easy but and
lastly the kid he's really cute but
don't post nine pictures of him in a row
you post one picture then chill post one
picture and chill that's the only way to
maintain order
the life expectancy of a social media
platform is about the same as a hamsters
but I really like this one
and I want to keep it good while it
lasts
you
