you
hi is this Muhammed are you Muhammad the
cabdriver hi Muhammad I left my bags in
your taxicab when you lose property in a
taxi nyc.gov recommends calling the TLC
and it gives you the contact information
for the eight designated lost property
police precincts it also allows you to
fill out a lost property inquiry online
but none of this matters if the very
first sentence on the page doesn't hold
true taxi drivers and owners must return
property they find in a taxicab so
here's what happened after a crazy 18
hour work travel day I landed back at
JFK Airport I jumped in a taxi which
took me into the city to the garage that
I use I got in my car and headed to
Connecticut to go see my son
it was about an hour into the dry that I
realized I'd left all of my luggage in
the back of the taxicab
hello and thank you for calling three
one one in New York City we're here to
help
I did everything I was supposed to do
call 3-1-1 submitted a loss property
inquiry call the police precincts I had
saved the taxi receipt and I had the
drivers medallion number I even got the
phone number for the taxi management
company but nothing turned up I never
connected with anyone who could tell me
anything about my bags probably what do
you do when somebody leaves something in
your back seat like somebody leaves a
bag back here what do you do with it I
rather give it back please ha I don't
know if I take it I will figure out the
environment do you think most taxi cab
drivers are honest yeah but some for
some drivers isn't it some not so much
do you think that most people get their
things back or they never see them again
even more
and you think most taxi drivers are
honest no most of them are mother knew
average of 17 percent of the hand oh yes
then the very next day on the phone with
the 17th police precinct they said your
bags are here come get him losing
anything is a big deal but to understand
this big deal is to know what was in my
bags I was traveling for work so in
addition to my dirty laundry and old
sneakers was my gear the equipment I use
to make a living
Mohammed I just wanted to thank you uh
is there any way we could meet
okay who's a p.m. work
this is the first time I'll have seen
this taxi drivers face because when he
dropped me off I can only see the back
of his head
I gave him $500 there was a lot more
than I could afford but a lot less than
he deserved
he returned my bags sure but it's people
like him that make this city honest keep
it great
