okay that's it needle is in the arm does
this hurt you as much as it hurts me
Roger no
Oh
you
so you've seen you've seen that footage
before I've talked about I've talked
about in this vlog a number of times
when I went to Afghanistan as a
journalist I went there with my friend
Scott Campbell who's this fantastic
tattoo artist and he and I we linked up
with these special forces guys these US
Air Force pararescue jumpers and we set
up a tattoo parlor in the middle of the
warzone
now there's one soldier in particular
named Roger you've seen him on this vlog
before and when we were there we
tattooed Roger and he was the most kind
of emotional about the process he
himself when he got back he started
tattooing he started giving people
tattoos and he's now a pretty successful
tattoo artist soldier we met in the war
zone gave a tattoo to it was such an
emotional experience for him that he is
now a tattoo artist
a lot of heat - thank you
I go on the Brooklyn
that's a surprise man if you have a good
weekend morrow they said you promised to
teach Rosa Blasi I'm going to keep you
out of love Marlon you can count on me
so this year this is saved tattoo this
is Scott Campbell the guy that I was in
Afghanistan with the tattoo artists
this is his tattoo shop and he's not
here but look at this guy welcome please
it's good the reader you look like a
tattoo artist today what is new uh oh
yeah yeah Michelle did that the last
night is meant for you
Roger you're running out of canvas I am
the chart spot
the players
now drive play that play yes we want to
go yeah but you know just kind of
treatment really do see because if you
do this familiars
this is Roger start that tattoo artists
not Roger the soldier and what he and I
are doing to sort of merging our
experience together as human beings in
Afghanistan and then now our strains
together as artists is that fair oh yeah
yeah it's very articulate I mean it's
emotional for me to sit here and think
about tattooing you because it wasn't
for you and Scott and whatever you want
to call serendipity in life I wouldn't
be here doing this for you you know
meeting you guys in Afghanistan like we
did is what I'm hearing
punishing and
it's just unreal man
the timing you know how things work out
you know I'm not a religious guy but I
feel like I'm a very spiritual guy and
I've been in the military the special
operations for like 20 years and just
the timing and the way this is all
worked out is a pretty phenomenal it
it's it's really heavy stuff I mean
maybe I was just at a point in my career
to where needing you guys affected me
the way that it did but it definitely I
was open to the change in the the risk
of dive and ends so in any of that long
very long Rodgers tattooing me here
understand what does said you were kind
of talking about traditional spot for
something a date/time stamp would be on
the ridge I've waited that symmetrical
see I've always wanted Roger to tattoo
me and I've always waited to the right
excuse I don't really care what the
tattoo is my feeling on tattoos in
general is is it's what they represent
more than a sort of artistry that's why
all mine are just really terrible lines
it's a pretty special experience for for
me I hope for him too you know what's
really interesting about that sometimes
you can be what are we saving ourselves
for you know Roger shaving me down
tattooing it was kind of awkward to
shame another man but it's given us used
to doll not that good or bad I mean I
mean it's obviously a good thing
now you just initiate my army nor shave
my whole body ah we need a privacy
screen I'm more than happy to shave your
whole body all right on my wife beater
on I'm going to go ahead and get
comfortable here now the idea was for
Roger to do a small tattoo on me but we
just kept making it ten percent bigger
and ten percent bigger and ten percent
figure we're going pretty big
okay that's it needle is in the arm
beautifully
I can't we're having a great time it's
uh you know we've got to see each other
over the years but I don't think
anything really is intimate well I guess
there are other things but this is very
identified as we're gonna get and so I'm
enjoying to be able to give back and do
something personal for you with all the
things you've done for me
they could mean nothing or they can mean
everything but what's really interesting
is it's bringing something very
intangible tangible if not just for the
ritual of it but for what you're gonna
be left with you know for the rest of
your long we're almost done we're done
rods where are we the gun stop we're on
the just clean up a little bit because
it's what you do what I like it I'm
Casey Casey all right a little bit of
Ross I like yeah I can't be here I'm
gonna clean up speech and all I asked
for Roger before he started the tattoo
was to kind of do what he wanted to do
Roger I'm wondering if you can explain
to the audience what this is and what it
means you know with my long military
career I guess you know I've always been
very drawn to samurai culture and one of
the things that the samurai would adorn
themselves with were paintings within
samurai culture they knew they would
never have this proper burial and so
they wanted to kind of like celebrate
the beauty of their life while being
alive and so they would adorn themselves
in peonies and just kind of botanicals
and so this is a peony that I drew up
this uh I've tattooed on people just the
dearest human beings in my life it means
a lot to me to be able to put it on you
and I've actually got it tattooed on me
this is an outline as well so just to be
cool and I didn't want any shading or
any color I just wanted to line yep
through there
thanks Roger yeah oh man yeah this is so
the one request I did have from Rogers
that
he had to sign it he had to sign my
tattoo and this is it
that's the peony in the master signature
and that's the peony and then that's the
signature you're stuck with me forever
now Roger gladly like I'm in a couple of
other movies about my tattoos and how I
feel about tattoos and the basic premise
of those videos is that tattoos for me
are about making permanent a moment or
an experience in your life that's why
like half of my tattoos are literally
just dates or notes so I want to
remember something and for the rest of
my life but I see that mark on my body I
want to think of that moment and this
gigantic awesome samurai peony that
Roger just gave me really represents
like you know Rogers one of the most
extraordinary human beings ever met in
my entire life in the experience of
knowing him the circumstances with which
we met it's a delicate art of my life
and who I am
and that's what this is about all right
Roger I want to thank you again you are
a brilliant artist sir
