the end susana it's very much ok let's
get more on our top story now
helicopters taking part in the operation
to rescue passengers and crew stranded
on cruise ship which run aground at the
Italian coast last night
yes something that's kept by jumping
from the Costa Concordia three bodies we
told have been recovered from the sea
divers is still searching water
I value experience over just about
everything else he's got to Rome
in 2009 when the first African American
president was sworn into office I was
there last summer when the Space Shuttle
blasted off for the last time I went to
Florida to wash
shoulders of the Space Shuttle America
will continue the dream
I've spent time with our forces in
Afghanistan and on September 11th 2001
call it chance or misfortune but I
happened to be two blocks from the World
Trade Centers when the planes hit that's
me there one experience I've always
avoided was going on a gigantic cruise
ship that was until a few months ago
when a family vacation changed the trip
was fun
but I never got over how big the boat
was it was just a few weeks later than
the Costa Concordia saying I had to see
my friend swanee drove us from Rome to
the town where we catch a boat to the
island of jiggly before we left he
showed me photos from his family
vacation six years earlier thank you
yeah believe it or not he went on the
same boat yeah that vacation was aboard
the Costa Concordia
that's crazy this is the ferry boat that
we take to the island where the sunken
cruise ship is about 40 minutes into the
ferry ride you could start to make out a
white rectangular shape in front of the
island as we got closer it got more and
more creepy
and then fairly abruptly you were right
on top of it
it didn't matter where we were on the
island it was never out of sight like a
scene for an apocalypse movie or a
monument to the power of human error
he's just sitting there a couple hundred
feet offshore
we spent about four hours on the island
viewing the wreck from every angle
people keep asking me why I went all the
way to Italy to see a half sunken cruise
ship and I don't know I just had to see
it
