I wanted the dr. dre headphones but they
sounded terrible so I got these instead
I only wanted the beats because I like
the way they look and they're endorsed
by the second coolest living rapper the
Bose sounded better but there's nothing
interesting about the way they look or
their endorsement by this white guy and
American Airlines
spray-paint doesn't bond well with
glossy plastics so I hid the headphones
with 220 weight sandpaper mastering
requires precision I am NOT a precise
person 1/4 served is the perfect
template for the new logo
most people spray-paint incorrectly
patience is the key short bursts eight
to ten inches from the target ten
minutes between coats purchase the logo
off the beats website they made to
senses a little spray mount kept them in
place
