this is a $2.00 bill and this this is my
new sticker there are just enough
differences between the two to keep me
out of jail for counterfeiting
the stickers are awesome you should put
them everywhere you can stick them on a
cop car put them on a pickle jar put
them on your friend's bike and put them
on your bike stick them on a payphone or
stick them on a street cone put it on a
piece of pie put it on a red necktie
on a tire tube or on this girl's boobs
they're good on the pizza place or on
Thurman's face two dollar bills are
expensive these stickers are cheap so I
can give them away to anyone who asks
for free so if you want some stickers
send a self-addressed stamped envelope
to me at 368 Broadway number two zero
one New York City one zero zero one
three in the USA do not email me for
stickers you have to put your address
and a stamp on an envelope and send that
envelope to me and then I'll send you
stickers
so I hope everyone likes the stickers
and don't try to spend them because they
say my name on them and I'll get in
trouble feeling down try fresh pitcher
I can't believe while I eat that up
driver over the a seems like her getting
dumber reminiscent to the time when I
was juggle with a hunger for a dream
determination self-esteem but now seen
they hesitate to be on my team you know
the routine when you win in a credit all
the feel your face like they were with
you from the beginning run on the field
side up when you watch the black a red
tile whose clamp I slipped unless you
slide this rubber back my voice is wet
cloud Israeli soccer ball
