I have a small problem that leads a
solution you see I was filming the other
day and I dropped my camera and broke
this lens hood I need to fix it I begin
by removing the broken hood from the
lens using a 1.4 millimeter flat head
screwdriver a size 0 Philips driver
would be ideal but I lost mine the
broken piece will be saved and later
used as a template
standard duct tape makes a perfectly
functional replacement lid I'll be using
a two and 3/8 inch hole saw to cut the
center out of the lid to deburr the
fresh cut lid I use the backside of a
pair of scissors
then using a 1/64 inch drill bit I put
holes in the lid to later attach the
screws next I had to precision fit the
lid on the lens careful not to scratch
the glass lastly I replace the screws
peanut-butter an economical and
delicious way to repair your overpriced
Japanese camera lenses
but the peanutbutter solution is just
the beginning
