texting while walking may lack the
social stigmas of drunk driving or
smoking crystal meth but it can be just
as dangerous
understanding the blind spot is pivotal
to safety this is the limit of your
visibility when texting anything outside
of the narrow visibility zone is your
blind spot
this lack of spatial awareness is the
source of most texting incidents
walking the streets texting isn't much
safer than walking them with a blindfold
on which brings me to lesson two the
etiquette of walking and texting this
man is being inconsiderate with his
texting forcing the people around him to
yield while he gets his text on
while this behavior is clearly
ill-mannered it can also be dangerous
watch what happens when this man here
stops to text hey can I ask you a quick
question you think it's dangerous to
walk in text at the same time sometimes
thank you do you think it's dangerous to
walk and text at the same time uh yeah
definitely this yes when I do it anyway
yes
proper technique is putting your back
against the wall and standing in one
place while you text allowing foot
traffic to safely flow by
