we interrupt this program to bring you a
special report I'm sorry about the title
of this video but let me explain back
around the new year when all the logan
paul was going down i obviously as
a person as a human being i was
frustrated and pissed off and offended
by his actions I felt as I imagine most
of you felt how I felt as a youtuber as
a creator as somebody who depends on
this platform I was nervous and I was
anxious as to how Logan's actions might
negatively affect the entire platform
with that anxiety I waited for you to
respond I wanted to hear what they had
to say and I waited and I waited and I
waited
ultimately they did they did post a
response it was a little over a week
later in the form of five tweets
something they called an open letter and
that open letter started by them saying
many of you have been frustrated with
our lack of communication recently and
you're right to be while I appreciated
their self-awareness ultimately I was I
was left completely unsatisfied by what
they had to say by the ambiguity of the
letter there was nothing there there's
no substance to it they didn't really
say anything they didn't answer the
questions that I had as a creator so
rather than doing what I would normally
do which is make a video thinking about
or go on Twitter complaining about it I
emailed YouTube and I didn't just
generically email YouTube but I emailed
the top executive at YouTube in charge
of all creators he's a guy named Robert
Kinsel and he's the chief business
officer of YouTube so you got Susan
Wojcicki who's the CEO and they've got
Robert who's the CEO and together they
run the entire company but it's Robert
who handles everything that touches us
creators that touches the entire
community that's his responsibility and
in that email I expressed to him my
frustration and my disappointment and
how YouTube had handled communicating
what was going on throughout the entire
controversy and this definitely wasn't
the first time I brought up YouTube's
poor communication skills to hit they're
great people who are definitely used to
hearing me complain this time instead of
just complaining I had a suggestion or a
challenge I suggested that he come here
to New York City
to my office and we would talk about
YouTube on camera I wanted to ask him
personally the questions I had about
this platform especially after the Logan
Paul controversy and I wanted to make a
video about it that I put on this
channel and to my absolute surprise he
accepted so this coming Monday February
12 2018 I will be posting that interview
in its entirety here on this channel
it's it's long I asked a lot of
questions and Robert had a lot to say
and I do want to say that I took this
opportunity extremely seriously
you know just judging by what's happened
in my own career in the last couple of
weeks I'm very quick to acknowledge that
I am NOT the best journalist out there
so I did ask a couple of my friends some
of which are professional journalists
and some of which are youtubers who I
think would have smart perspectives on
this and that's how I put together my
questions and I don't think my questions
were easy I asked him the questions that
I think any creator would asked if you
were given the opportunity to speak to
the person at the very top the person
with the ability to change alter move
anything on this platform now this is
definitely a first for me to the best of
my knowledge this kind of thing is a
first for YouTube and I want to end this
little preview this little explanation
video by just acknowledging a huge huge
huge risk for him and for YouTube to
come here and and talk to me on the
record so that's it like I said the
video will be posted in just a couple of
days you know just some of the pragmatic
parts I didn't share any of my questions
with YouTube with Robert I didn't share
any of the questions ahead of time they
didn't know what they were getting
themselves into with with what I was
going to be asking them and when Robert
finally showed up here when he walked
through the door to my office he was
with his head of PR for all of YouTube
and the first question that I asked them
was with the cameras off the first
question I asked them was what's
off-limits what do you not want me
asking you and and Robert looked me in
the eye I wasn't wearing glasses he
looked me in the eye and said nothing's
off-limits ask whatever you want to ask
I hope you'll give this video the time
that it deserves I hope you will give
YouTube sort of a chance to hear out
what they
want to say about this whole everything
that's been around in this platform and
whether you like what he has to say or
not I think that his willingness and
YouTube's willingness to come and speak
so openly speaks volumes okay I'm very
very excited to share this with with all
of the Internet
you
