and we are calling it iPhone
we're on our way to sit we are on our
way to wait in line for the iPhone our
journey begins here in Amsterdam I never
got a Cabbage Patch Kid when I was
little never had a Furby and didn't get
a Nintendo until we could buy them at a
yard sale my ship had finally come in
and Steve Jobs as a captain our plan was
as follows leave Amsterdam fly to Lisbon
for one hour layover six and a half more
hours into Newark New Jersey where our
chauffeur awaits as Kacey watches
various internet videos I'm getting
concerned
Dan's concerns were warranted reports
from New York spoke of lines with
hundreds of people in them and we still
hadn't chosen our location we've just
landed in the United States the iPhone
comes out in less than 22 hours we're
looking good okay so how many more hours
21 hours left four on our way to
Manhattan now directly to the Apple
Store
I don't see no line oh my I can't see I
can't see I can't see Sheik
all right I'm cutting Casey you let me
out you see
there anybody waiting in line I know
right now you're doing to start line up
you'll be right behind you give me line
pioneers
all right great we'll be right back with
our 10th then and I go through cell
phones like hungry pigs few through
human bone the nokia 3595 too ugly the
sidekick too too big the m92 complicated
the 6800 too old
the e7 to slow the BlackBerry oh we like
the BlackBerry our confidence in the
wonder phone was high nothing would come
between us and getting our hands on one
not even sleepy in the street so it is
quarter of 1:00 in the morning
van is sound asleep and I remain waiting
17 more hours until the iPhone comes out
throughout the night people questioned
our commitment asking why we don't have
better things to do with our time a man
is a success if he gets up in the
morning and goes to bed at night and in
between he does what he wants to do Bob
Dylan said that it was Woody Guthrie
that said I know the police cause
trouble they cause trouble everywhere
but when you die and go to heaven
there'll be no policemen there but there
were policemen outside the AT&T store
around 6:00 a.m. giving us a hard time
what just happened
officer macaroni woke us up about five
minutes ago we were all out cold and he
just kept repeating himself what the
hell are you guys doing what are you
guys doing what do you guys and every
one of us gave the exact same response
it was something like this and then he
started laughing
it gave us back our IDs and said have a
nice day enjoy your fuck bones it left
us alone steel rails humming and hobos
lo-fi
Oh
Oh
I know the police cause you trouble they
cause trouble everywhere but when you
die and go to heaven you find a
policeman there can I have my phone for
me your brother Fred iPhone in America
first one again okay and distort with my
baby
go to sleep you Airy hobo
let the towels fit slowly by listen to
the steel rails humming that's a hobos
lullaby
Oh
do not think about tomorrow led to
Mullin go
