my office is located on Broadway in New
York City and there are often
demonstrations so when I first heard the
chanting I didn't think much of it but
when I got outside I quickly realized a
couple of things first there was zero
police presence this is what it normally
looks like when there's a protest this
was a small healthcare demonstration
earlier today
NYPD there in force also strange was
that the March was in the street not on
the sidewalk and it was in the street
with traffic
okay so here's New York City and here's
Zuccotti Park where the March started
and my office is here the mob was headed
north on Broadway towards Canal Street
now Broadway and canal is a major
intersection but again no sign of the
police at all this guy here is Marine
Sergeant Shamar Thomas who's altercation
with the cops in Times Square a few
weeks ago landed him on MSNBC and
countdown with Keith Olbermann how did
this come together you know I have no
clue how it hit the other but we're
marching in solidarity with our Oakland
at this point we're in Soho when we see
the first policeman right here the cop
the police are right here yeah the
sirens were off and the windows rolled
up no interaction at all with the crowd
there were a lot of police positioned on
Houston Street to intercept the
protesters not nearly enough to be
effective
there was one small altercation but
nothing came of it okay the cops set up
like a dragnet there and everybody just
turned and went this way this is where
the cat-and-mouse game between the
protesters and the NYPD began the police
had a large force ready just north of
Bleecker Street on Broadway and the mob
quickly changed direction to avoid them
this happened several times in the West
Village and at times the protesters were
even sprinting to avoid the police
slow it up slow it up this way this way
slow down eventually a sizable force did
get ahead of the crowd but there was no
attempt made to stop anymore
it did seem like the police we're
starting to organize and on 6th Avenue
and Franklin Street the police attempted
to stop the mob using their scooters and
nets this was when tensions peaked the
mob narrowly avoided the police turning
down Franklin Street and proceeded to
barricade the street using trash bags
and whatever other obstacles they could
find I apologize for my shaky camera
here but I was being chased by a cop
with a baton the crowd was back on
Broadway about six blocks from Zuccotti
Park
when police scooters tried to block them
okay let's watch that again so this
guy's on the ground and these other
protesters are trying to pull him away
watch this protester here he is shoved
by this police officer and now this
police officer this officer in this
officer all have their batons out and
are confronting these protesters here
and once this part this is the key scene
here this officer here this this cop on
the left comes in and ends this very hot
scene by grabbing the cops pulling them
away
and letting the protesters go on their
way
ultimately the crowd made it back to
Zuccotti Park where it all began and for
the most part without incident reporting
entirely unofficially from downtown New
York City this is Casey nice dad
