dear secretary geithner I know you're
busy with the failing economy and all
but could you please print more $2 bills
you see I only carry two dollar bills
it's my favorite denomination every time
I spend one it seems to make whoever I
give it to really happy and here you go
alright two dollar bill
ha
they're great for tipping not to mention
how good they are with starting
conversations at the bar
I need more printed because finding them
as a pain in my ass
I have to have the Chinese guy at the
bank order them and they take weeks to
arrive not to mention the security
concerns I have in transporting the
bills home I don't even think it's legal
to travel the streets of Manhattan so
please introduce these fuckers back into
circulation and make my life a little
easier cordially Casey nice day
