today's tech bytes Facebook is
responding to the heat over its privacy
settings the social networking site sent
a statement to the BBC saying it Mason
I'm gonna interview you now yeah what do
you want to know I want to talk to you
about Facebook
I find it such a waste of a lot of time
I'm a big fan of Facebook I like to put
pictures on there I like to stay in
touch with friends and it's good for
keeping tabs on my ex-girlfriend
Facebook has been catching a lot of heat
lately
for privacy policy and a bunch of other
things I don't really understand this
one I found particularly funny so I
wanted to make this little movie to help
understand what Facebook is Facebook is
a tool a community a way to stay
connected with people but it's also
something else see there are two sides
to Facebook the side you know this is
our side
this sides about the friends the status
updates family messages
this side is personal the other side is
their side the business see Facebook is
free to use but they make a lot of money
the more info Facebook has the more it
can pool for advertisers our personal
data equals their bottom line
are you concerned about Facebook's
Privacy Policy no I haven't even thought
about that that doesn't bother me right
Facebook's Privacy Policy information
about yourself when you sign up for
Facebook you provide us with your name
email gender birth date here are some
other things to remember some of the
content you share the actions you take
will show up on your friends home pages
if another user tags you in a photo or
video in a place you can remove the tab
even after you remove information from
your profile or delete your account
copies of that information may remain
reviewable elsewhere to the extent it
has been shared with others it was
otherwise distributed pursuant to your
privacy settings or it was copied or
stored by other users privacy setting
thing to remove my information Casey I
have no idea what this means I'm a
personal injury lawyer as your leg
the Facebook privacy policy a binding
legal contract between Facebook the
company and all 500 million of us the
users we agree to all this nonsensical
legal jargon with one tiny little clip
by clicking sign up you are indicating
that you have read and agree to the
Terms of Use and privacy policy clip
what have we all agreed to I have no
idea but I can tell you this the
Facebook privacy policy is five thousand
eight hundred and thirty words long and
all the rules that govern our country
the US Constitution comes in at a paltry
four thousand five hundred and forty
three words
that's my kid Owen he's 12 he's all over
Facebook truth be told my only real
concern with Facebook is him finding a
picture of me all sweaty and drunk
passed out in a pile of my own cute
that's not me that's some other jackass
I found on Facebook what are your prime
what privacy settings do you use on
Facebook
the privacy settings 29 options across
11 categories for a nearly infinite
number of configurations the options I
have to manage to keep those drunk
pictures from my boy currently I rock a
pretty ironclad configuration only
sharing my birthday with strangers
the trouble is now that I have my own
show on HBO I get about a hundred friend
requests a day but I guess that's my
problem the Facebook default settings
are a whole lot more liberal the entire
premise of Facebook is a contradiction
it's this sponge that soaks up all the
information about us
it enables intimate moments like me
chatting with my little brother while
he's deployed in the Middle East but
then it makes money by broadcasting
these buildings no one forces you to use
Facebook if you're going to eat the
kandy deal with the toothache in this
case the toothache is a total loss of
privacy
you
