I need a new wallet when I was ten years
old I got my tonsils removed bedside in
the hospital my Nana gave me a wallet
you're a man now she said after 14 years
that wallet started to fall apart
everything kept falling out
for a while I use a ziploc bag I like
the zipper
but it didn't fit so well in my pocket
and as Nana would say it wasn't very
gentlemanlike
then I treated myself to a fancy new law
just like the plastic bag it too had a
zipper it was really great but so last
week I run out of my apartment and like
I do every day to carry my bike down
four flights of stepping out the door I
was in a rush to meet Candace for coffee
where we were supposed to discuss our
upcoming RV trip so I ordered two iced
lattes with for ten dollars and 13 cents
only to reach for my wallet and discover
I didn't have it now Candace is pissed
off because she doesn't have her purse
so I have to get back on my bike ride
ten blocks home leave the bike unlock
back up the four flights I'm searching
my apartment looking for the wallet and
I eventually find it right on my kitchen
table
then it's back out the door down the
steps on the flight back to the coffee
shop will Candice waiting I pay the man
an hour once delicious iced lattes are
now all watered down all this because I
didn't see my dark wallet on my dark
kitchen paper I need a new wallet
the problem isn't the wallet it's the
color of the wallet my new wallet I need
a bright wallet and that's exactly what
I got
it's nearly perfect it needed only a few
adjustments no self-respecting man uses
a change purse
and of course no possession is complete
without a return notice
