the LAN
all right so
here yeah
9 volt batteries I grab like the square
ones yeah what can I got 3 thank you
guys
knit up again feels and I get to crush
or give do the smaller stuff like your
narrow you know it's funny like when
like we talk about tattoos if somebody
else doesn't have tattoos like the first
word that usually comes to mind is
permanence no they think it's like a
permanent thing it's so intimidating but
I mean in all out of all the mediums I
work in tattooing probably the you know
the most ephemeral of all of them I'll
do a tattoo it'll walk out the door of a
shop and get it by a bus I'm gonna
sunburn you know anything can happen
like it that's kind of what gives
tattoos their magic is that it's not you
know it's very about the now it's that
moment it's the spontaneity of it you
know obviously it has no aspirations of
resale market it's just that like
somebody's feeling something in the
moment so passionately that it's not
enough to get the bumper sticker the
t-shirt no they want that idea to be a
part of them
or for the rest of their life
and it wasn't until I never really like
took drawing or anything seriously until
I got into tattooing and cuz with
tattooing you know it's like you get
halfway through and there's no you can't
just you can't just be like I don't like
this I'm going to you know started
everyone like you know there's a there's
a guy there like gotta have the finish
for
thanks for good
family first night too you know I was 15
years old walked into this like shithole
tattoo shop in town it's called Dragon
Mike's and Tiger John's and walked in
there you know I I just walked in it I
was like I got $25 like what can I get
and you know if the guy literally did
was just like you can get this skull and
get this butter fuck you know and it was
boys get skulls girls get butterflies so
I just got this little skull on my leg
it was it was the most efficient way I
could come up with
my parents off
goes effective in that right
what's his name what's your relationship
with them how do you know anyone
it's gated button together
it's up
and go to
um YUM I'm ready when you are
I had always envisioned like in our
world to be this kind of lofty academic
community that I didn't know enough to
pick words to be a part of you know
hanging something on the wall in a
gallery and declaring that it's art I
just didn't have the confidence it's a
pretty ballsy thing to do I think my
work really took a turn when I realized
that you know all my experiences as a
tattoo artist you know like water in the
world and touch with all these crazy
characters you know instead of trying to
sweeping all that under a rug and learn
some big words that that was actually
all those experiences were you know
we're a part of my voice and a part of
what I brought to the table
did you just say I hope this works we
were given a tattoo on top of the square
park before no
you ever got a chattering Thompkins
what's it like working with that prison
John versus a real gun a little bit
slower you know there's a thing like in
jail you got plenty of time
one of the things I loved about the
tattoo visit is this kind of like really
romantic like criminal lifestyle he's in
my early 20s you know just kind of got
to wander the world make cash you know
like I didn't I didn't need anything but
like my hands tough to make a living I
had ten grand up one pocket pass work
the other and that's that's just how
I've lived it was great and a fight I
got sick of Tokyo we like go to Paris
you know it gets to Paris go to go to
Madrid tattooing really like gave me
that freedom to live off the grid
whatever I wanted to
I'm just gonna follow inspiration to
terrible
and the daikon this
for the main nervous that you guys got
lucky no fun
time to start partying sigh :
the first place I came in with a move
this city I live a few blocks away sit
here drink a beer to a bunch of punk
rock kids it's good you got it you got
to keep it real every once in a while
get dirty apart hi guys
thanks for doing that
