these all the peanuts nuts yeah I was a
little it looks like ten times two money
follow the recipe Candice can you do it
okay this is chopped everyone your whole
pecans
this year I will be hosting Thanksgiving
for 11 people both family and friends in
my Manhattan apartment
I will also assume all cooking
responsibilities this is the story of
exactly how I will get it done first the
menu shrimp cocktail
fruit and cheese plate cocktail wienies
spinach salad steamed broccoli mashed
potatoes sweet potatoes carrots apple
stuffing
roasted turkey gravy apple pie apple
crumb pie biscuits cookies ice cream and
macaroni and cheese you see our mom
wasn't much of a cook in our house is
always dirty
so holiday get-togethers were always a
bust this year I volunteered it was
going to be different from the menu a
shopping list was prepared
with an extensive ingredient redundancy
guide to ensure the proper amount of
ingredients were purchased all the menu
items connected to their respective
ingredients my son Owen and I did the
first leg of grocery shopping in
Connecticut grocery stores outside of
New York City are far more economical
oh and I found all 31 needed ingredients
from the supermarket everything the
checklist had called for the guest list
includes our loving father Barry his
significantly younger fiancee Susan her
two adopted twin daughters Charlie and
Riley our sister Jordan van and his wife
Christine me and my boy Owen also
Candace and Thomas Keller Grayson the
third their family friends the feast is
tomorrow I have to do all final shopping
now to begin cooking tonight at 11 p.m.
this schedule will be my guide
a simple schedule would not suffice as
timing is not the only factor that needs
negotiating this is the timing triangle
to success it illustrates the three
handicaps of preparing the feast number
111 space number two stove top space
number three multitask ability this
schedule provides for all three
limitations the x-axis representing the
timing of what's to be prepared and when
the y-axis shows simultaneous
preparatory engagements with exact
considerations for the minimal oven
space stovetop space and what items can
be prepared at the same time as others
for example in the 10 a.m. to 11 a.m.
block the macaroni will be boiled salad
dressing made and potatoes would appeal
all while the turkey is baking in the
oven
it's 4:00 a.m. it's time to get this
bird in the oven the culinary team
included Casey head chef Candice sous
chef Owen special consult to the head
chef slash garbage boy in addition to
the work in the kitchen
special consideration had to be made to
ensure everyone's comfort while guests
in my apartment my 408 square foot
apartment in 1/12 scale one inch
representing one foot starting in the
southeast corner is my bathroom bath
toilet and sink east of the bathroom is
the kitchen
with sink stove and fridge the entrance
to the apartment is here on the
southeast side a wall separates the
kitchen from the living room coffee
table and couch the dining area contains
an expandable table with two chairs
there are three additional folding
chairs in a radiator to be used as a
seat and the bedroom
the kitchen is only accessible to the
culinary team children will dine at the
coffee table and stare at the television
located here the adults will sit at one
of nine chairs at the dining table
reserving the desk for uncooperative
children
the bedroom is completely off-limits
naturally all of the cooking went
perfectly to plan 10:00 a.m.
macaroni was cooked potatoes peeled
salad dressing made 11 a.m. potatoes
boiled carrots blanched and strawberries
sliced
12 p.m. turkey out of the oven sweet
potatoes in the oven potatoes mashed
hors d'oeuvres served then the guests
arrived Thomas Keller grace in the third
almost stepsister charlie Susan the
fiancee our father Barry our sister
Jordan Christine my Canadian
sister-in-law and brother VIN it's 2:30
everything is done cooking mission
accomplished
it's gonna be amazing
Alexis delicious so I got that going for
me which is nice
