my friend Josh introduced me to
chatroulette a few weeks ago and like
most everyone else on the planet I
quickly became obsessed for those
unfamiliar chatroulette is a website
that spontaneously connects you to a
random stranger via video chat the site
works like this press Start and three
seconds later some twelve-year-old
swedish girl is judging you it's like
gambling you can never predict what you
might roll
maybe you meet an interesting girl
maybe it's a fat asian guy in a pink bra
I had to spend a few hours on
chatroulette to make this movie I wanted
to collect some data at 4:00 in the
afternoon on a Thursday I clicked
through 90 people I broke these 90
people into three categories boys girls
and perverts and a subcategory of young
people and old people the boy and girl
categories are pretty self-explanatory
it's tough to define the pervert
category without getting into graphic
detail but this puppet does an accurate
depiction of what the perverts look like
there were 71% guys 15% girls in 14% in
the middle of a workday mind you were
perverts 83% young people 17 percent old
people I did meet this really cool
hockey fan named Sasha we chatted for a
bit I interviewed him for this movie and
I asked him what he liked about
chatroulette he said you can be another
person it's an interesting thought but I
struggle just to be the majority of my
time on chatroulette is spent having
people choose not to talk to me just
like that they're gone forever this is
called getting nexted nexted when a
random stranger clicks the next button
immediately after seeing what you look
like
I did a little experiment with a
stopwatch
I was nexted by 19 out of 20 people in
an average time of 2.9 seconds 1 out of
the 20 actually talked to me that's 5%
at first I took it personally but then
after I got comfortable next in people I
realized I would definitely next me too
I really only pause on pretty girls so
for the next phase of my study I called
my friend Genevieve who is a really
pretty girl 9 out of 10 people talk to
Genevieve for a minimum of 2 minutes or
until she nested them
it was really amazing most everyone was
nice to her
guys planner music this really hot
Icelandic girl offered to show her boobs
then to conclude this study I joined
Genevieve
everybody's next to us now there is
something magical about chat roulette if
you can ignore all the masturbators in
the rest of the you're left
with this something that transports you
around the world into a stranger's life
and does it over and over and over again
it does evoke a visceral reaction in me
I find myself taking breaks from
chatroulette to go take a shower
wash my face it makes me a little
paranoid I feel like I'm always being
watched I cover my webcam with blue tape
I battle impulses to smash my computer
with an axe for some privacy it's a
battle I occasionally lose I am glad
that chatroulette lives on my laptop I
don't think I'd like a world where you
could just click someone away
