what is up with this weather June 6
summer should be here already
nothing sustained hold rainy everything
these guys are good thank you minutes if
you're if you're a regular viewer of
this show you know just how much my
happiness and good mood and just general
positivity is tied to the weather
you'd also know that all inter long I've
been waiting for summer
I'm trying to illustrate a point here
which is that it rains a
disproportionate amount of days in New
York City but as I'm making charging and
looking at the data I'm realizing it
rains on average 11 to 15 percent of the
days kind of making me feel like a
little bit of a spur complaining about
it so much maybe I should have looked
this up before I did this whole scene so
is it pouring and outside was it pouring
rain outside today seems like an
opportune day to make a video I've
wanted to make for a very long time
called I wanted to explain to you the
audience exactly how I make my vlogs
like what I see as the recipe for
creating these videos first a quick
history lesson I started vlogging in
March of 2015 now before I started
vlogging vlogging was typically
individuals Karen like point-and-shoot
cameras there were sort of documenting
their day into a camera there was a much
smaller genre back then and it was
pretty linear day begins here day ends
there
come with me throughout my day I found
the genre fascinating I was obsessed
with like Ben Brown I was obsessed with
fun for Louie I was obsessed with bf
versus GF Charles Trippy was great I
think what fascinated me the most about
the horizontal is the idea of using your
your life as a narrative for a daily
series now when I made my HBO series
this is a series I did my big brother
van it was on HBO in 2010 we made it in
2008 that's 10 years ago my brother and
I used our lives as a backdrop for a TV
show but it wasn't so daily it wasn't so
episodic instead we kind of plucked
interestingness out of our lives
share that interestingness is tiny
little stories struggle
stories together and call that a TV show
episode so I'm one end of the spectrum
we've got your daily vloggers in
2014-2015 sharing every aspect of their
daily lives into a camera and on the
other end of the spectrum we got this TV
show that I made a decade ago where I
share our little stories from my lives
as short movies so I went to Belgium in
2015 this is a month before I started
vlogging and I wanted to test that one
thing what would happen if I sort of
vlog about my trip but instead of
talking into a camera I use really
precise cinematography what would happen
movie like cinematography but it's just
me going about my daily life going into
my hotel room coming out of my hotel
room
and I love that video that video work
you should watch it points below and
that got me super excited and that's
when I made the decision that on my
birthday 2015 I would start daily
vlogging it wouldn't be this all day
long and said I wanted to figure out how
to make something that felt a lot more
like a movie every day so that was the
thinking that's what went through my
head fire is starting to vlog so we're
not understanding here are the
foundational principles that I apply to
almost every episode of this daily
almost daily vlog number one the most
important thing is of course the story
but what is a story here's a super basic
breakdown of a story and every good
story follows this rule that is the rule
of a three-act narrative you've got a
beginning you've got a middle you've got
an end set up conflict resolution Jack
and Jill went up the hill to fetch a
pail of water act 1 Jack fell down and
broke his crown act 2 Jill came tumbling
after act 3 set up conflict resolution
now in some episodes that super super
super literal for example my all-time
favorite episode of ever made of this
vlog which is called my all-time
greatest is such a literal example of
set up conflict resolution it just felt
so good to make that there's a set up
here's what happened there's a conflict
oh my god what's the outcome going to be
and then there was a resolution happy
ending
that's not always so literal in every
episode but I strive for that in every
episode because that is what's at the
core of a well-told story and a story is
what drives any video like this and that
right there was sort of promise or the
deal that I made with myself was never
an obligation to share with you the
intimacy of every day of my life this
isn't a journal but instead could I find
everyday in my life
a three-act narrative to share now a
couple of the more granular aspects
I always found it kind of hard to watch
non-stop shaky camera vlogs
it was disorienting it was always a
little claustrophobic so so what I try
to do is have an equal amount of
handheld locked off shots locked off
means on a tripod like this and then
establishing shot the wide shot so it's
establishing shots let you know where I
am so it feels more like you're here
with me these locked off shots let you
the viewer forget about the camera for a
second and focus on what I'm saying in
the environment that I'm in and then the
handheld shots like this enable you to
sort of feel the spontaneity and the
urgency that is whatever is taking place
in my daily life
hardware is then what cameras i use I
have a simple rule for when it comes to
hardware and that is always use the very
best camera you have at your disposal so
right now I'm shooting this on my big
camera I'm shooting in 4k with a nice
wide lens this is a perfect shot I've
got a light right there I'm trying to
make myself look good this is the best I
have right now but when I'm out running
in the morning and I want to film my run
the best I have is my cell phone I keep
a point-and-shoot in my backpack in case
I don't have this big camera because the
point shoot is a little bit more dynamic
than just the cell phone so not to hold
into any certain kind of hardware or any
certain quality of hardware it's what I
have access to cinematography part to
hold the camera steady no one wants to
watch you forsake you cinematography it
hurts your brain it's hard to see what's
going on it's not pleasurable for you
the viewer and it's not easy for me the
editor to put it together if it's super
shaky if it's nonsensical it's go
straight in the trash what's up Marlin
almost off your pocket man I'm making a
movie Marlin about how to make how I
make my blog really yeah like it's not
so much a tutorial but it's illusion of
light how do aspects of I've never
really shared right so you know what you
should have done usually suffered me and
then taught you sit with me in
teach me all to do okay the next version
of Casey and I stats logging secrets
will be with Marlin we're in a peach and
out of law cinematography part three
time lapses and drones here's something
very important no one gives a about
your stupid time lapses your stupid
drone shots that's something I remind
myself in a daily basis that kind of
cinematography only works if it's
serving a greater purpose and for me it
serves two purposes one is transitional
so you'll notice sometimes like I'm
outside wrapping up a scene where I'm
doing something on my skateboard the
next scene I'm in my studio doing
something completely different and in
between there might be a beautiful drone
shot of the city or might be a beautiful
time-lapse of the city I'm using it to
get me from one scene or one aspect of
the story to the next as that it's an
incredibly effective tool the other
place where it works is to show the
audience a broader sort of a broader
image of where you are and what's taking
place in time drones in particular are
great for that I'm at a hotel on a cool
Beach and it doesn't really work
pointing my camera the drone can give
you context that otherwise couldn't
it's that kind of ambitious beautiful
cinematography doesn't have a
relationship with the narrative even if
it's just a little relationship it feels
out of place and it gets boring very
very fast now there is a lot more depth
and complexity to it than that things
like where does being positive all the
time start to just sound like total BS
where people don't believe it things
like when I'm feeling down and I want to
share with you the audience I'm
struggling with something how do I do
that in a way that you actually care
because we've all got our own problems
why so think about yours it was like
consistent narratives and you know if
I'm on a trip that's five day long how
do I make a five day episode arced about
essentially the same subject there's a
lot of depth to this but I hope that
this serves the good sort of
introduction into some of the thinking
that I've had as I do this vlog I want
to end this first kind of instructional
sharing video by saying this probably
the most important thing succeeding
whether it's in the vlog in the YouTube
game or in the creative space at all is
this you have to have your own thing so
if you follow this video perfectly and
you make the most perfect kc blogs you
will have failed before you begun they
don't want to see your kc blog they want
to see your your vlogs they want to see
what you can bring to the table my
favorite thing in the world is seeing
how youtubers are able to iterate and
build on other youtubers styles and
sentiments and ideas until they make
something that's uniquely theirs those
are the youtubers that really succeed so
the most important rule is be original
and that whole recipe that I just
outlined that was what I thought I could
uniquely bring to YouTube and help find
success with it alright please let me
know below if this is super interesting
or absolutely King bull
here not side now this is the beginning
of act 3 star if you remember but it all
so innocent I hope you remember but in
all the episodes where I talk about
having gone to Afghanistan as a
journalist and connecting with these
pararescue jumpers there was one guy
that I met who's been in this vlog
before named Roger sparks oh ok that
Casey that's me
that's Roger right there that's the man
that's the TJ and there he is again
that's Roger there this is an awesome
black tip if you guys made for me
amazing guide Roger is a part of this
amazing campaign to ressort coral reefs
they made a big movie about it that's
the movie screening I'm going to tonight
looks incredible going to show the
support and to see this great movie
this right place awesome Rodney dude so
you guys might remember over here
this is Rogers big movie this is your
big movie humble here it's not a movie
about me it's about the cause about
health and special operations veterans
and helping those most humble Nana play
there it's wonderful to see your eyes oh
you congratulations
Oh
ah who's about to start the ocean is
really the last frontier surreal combat
did can't cannot really be articulated
in extraordinary efforts under direct
immediate danger to his own life
resulted in bidding for American lives
one host nation civilian and returning
for soldiers killed in action to their
families
movie was about taking former soldiers
bringing them to help repair coral reefs
I like scuba diving and that being
therapy for the soldiers and then also a
way to start to repair the damaged
environment so it's like helping the
earth and helping the former soldiers
incredible story incredible story Roger
is also an incredible guy I'm going to
bed
