this is going to be a comprehensive
review of this $1500 electric skateboard
versus this four hundred and forty nine
dollar skateboard let's begin by
comparing Hardware before I go outside
for some practical tests of these boards
I just want to go over some of the
technical specifications looking at
their websites they're super super
similar so the two sport says it goes 20
miles an hour
boosted board says it goes 22 miles an
hour this thing says has a seven mile
range boosted says it has a six or seven
mile range regenerative braking dual
motors regenerative braking dual motors
honestly even the juice website looks
like the boosted board website but for
like a side-by-side spec analysis they
seem to be very or lease advertised as
very very similar I did want to do a
flex test
all right this is the Flex test on the
$1500 boosted board 100% bamboo deck
look at that flex flex
and this is the Flex Omni um it's
actually for 49 is for the cheap one
599's for the dual motor version of the
juice so I take that but I said this is
a five hundred and $99 board not at $499
board all right this is the Flex test on
the bamboo and maple juice board exactly
not that bad and you can't flex as much
that hits this battery and it's it does
feel more rigid but it flexes a lot more
than I had expected it to
so what Sam go outside now right yell to
it okay let's joy
I'm gonna have Sam carry the extra board
because well he offered to and you're
cool that alright yeah it's alright
if you're wondering why we're carrying
the juice board it's cause like I want
to ride it for the first time on camera
and in New York City we got to make sure
we're somewhere we can like ride safely
where there's not too many people we're
going to carry it to a safe less crowded
part of the city test it there
all right so now we're deep deep on
Manhattan's West Side there's like some
thuggish looking dudes over there that
are smoking pot I'm not going to film
them they look a little scary over here
we've got the ups fulfillment center
this is a good place to test the board
that is a guy's smoking pot all right
this is it this is the first powering up
of the juice board
great turn on fine no problem
all right
well I'll tell you this much it's a lot
quieter than the boosted board start off
with the speed test yeah acceleration
test yeah
a very important detail here NYPD this
is chalk and washes away with water this
is not vandalism because it's temporary
please don't show up to my house or
office and we're trying to arrest me
again
okay that's going to be our starting
line there
I'm on the juice board
that's the boosted board ready yep one
two three
okay well this is the initial ride of
the juice board and acceleration not
great
would that look like in your perspective
I didn't even see it you were gone in
half a second
all right next test is going to be the
high speed to the top speed test how do
we even do this I'm gonna go as fast as
I can say I'm gonna try and keep up now
I'm on the juice board I'm on the cheap
board the $449 board so that's been 10
seconds this is probably top speed come
on man when it comes to top speed test
again the juice board was absolutely
creamed by the boosted board now this
next test this is going to be the
braking test how quickly they stopped my
chalk line which is right here which is
washable chalk not vandalism remember
that it's not vandalism this chalk line
right here we're going to start all the
way down there at that truck come full
speed to the line here and then hit the
brakes as soon as we hit this line and
see how far past the line we go before
we stop three two go
all right so we did that test five times
and quite frankly the brakes on this
aren't that bad like Busan weren't
definitely stopped so windy stop more
aggressively and more effectively but
it's not like the acceleration test like
I would say that stops in about 15 feet
of less distance than this stops kind of
amazing this kid just came up on a Busan
word yeah what's your name Casey how
long have you been riding your booster
board I had it since day one try out
this juice board just like take it up
and down the street let me know your
honest thoughts compared to the boosted
board all right cool all right so this
is the unbiased stranger we met in the
street who's a veteran boosted board
rider test I think that like what's the
rest what about the booster for you can
go on reverse this you can't really do
that anything like getting on like those
little edges when you're turning the
boost is just like super smooth like
this I feel like I kind of like
out of it I drift a little bit the
verdict here is that I would say that
screw support is better but I would say
it I'm bad for you don't think it's bad
okay thank you for your help
nice to meet you
and you sir I promised him I'd buy him
the smoothie help me with this video
fair trade all right so the conclusion
from the tests in the real world is that
it's not as bad as I expected
but it's nowhere near as good as this
but for 500 bucks you're getting a
pretty good for this isn't garbage it's
not garbage I would not call it pretty
good though
in conclusion this thing works it's fine
I guess it is impressive that they're
able to do it for such a low price but
just know one thing this is not a
boosted board this is a cheap knockoff
of a boosted board this this is a toy
and if you're fine buying a toy then
it's a good value for a toy but it's a
little bit like wanting a
high-performance sports car like wanting
a Ferrari boosted board being the
Ferrari instead of getting a Ferrari you
get a used old Hyundai used old
Hyundai's fine I might even get you from
A to B but if you want a hybrid if you
want a Ferrari
don't buy a Hyundai and then paint a
dramatically similar logo to the Ferrari
on this side and expect that cheap
knockoff to perform like a Ferrari also
I crashed my new spark drone into a tree
and fell 2008 wait wait don't forget to
scratch my channel youtube.com slash Sam
Shaffer crash down to the concrete and
it didn't break
then at youtube-dot-com forward-slash
Sam Scheffer nice work DJ I
