Android wear Gary thank you for the
review all right nice to see you
look at that Raja is a warship right
there yeah to the marine life there that
looks like maybe a bottlenose dolphin
and maybe another dolphin and kind of
like Nemo and I think that's a great
white shark down there kid you not I
thought that that was like somebody's
lost inflatable all last summer
turns out they put them out there for
like the kayakers and the paddle
boarders to go around those things are
out there on purpose
and back on that back on that juice tip
it's a beautiful day out my plane was
not built in boxing on today's episode
but I really want my couch back and I
had some people over this morning for a
meeting and there was nowhere for them
to sit so I think I think I was I really
do love getting packaged like Christmas
okay I did that case you night that book
club a couple weeks ago it sold a lot of
books so I imagine that mail time can
involve a lot of books thank you for the
book
more books the handmade carbon fiber
mechanical pencil thank you
a new wheel for my grinder Thanks new
shoes no shoes grille bought the world's
first automatic grille cleaning robot I
live in New York City I don't I don't
have a threat thank you
you know I've never made a fidget
spinner blog episode I feel like
everybody else on YouTube did so I
didn't need to cover that but I really
appreciate you sending me all these
fidget spinners I'll be sure to fidget
spin all except for that one producing
highest function fitness and combat gear
nice tight light-up belts when I'm on
the boosted board thank you dear Casey
you know that show Fairly OddParents is
a cartoon that was on when you were kids
the guy who draws that show Butch
Hartman actually drew this of me thanks
butch but this isn't front-end this is
from somebody else being drew thanks
drew thanks butch check us out on
Kickstarter as we prepare for phase 2 of
our a bunch of t-shirts I don't know
what big fan of yours blah blah blah
it lives it literally says big fan of
yours blah blah blah I appreciate that
is this so good look at that what book
thanks Joe it's just my new grill that I
ordered here Casey I searched my passion
I found this awesome man Brian thanks
for this sweet poster this is for Marlon
I'm not going to open it I wouldn't feel
right about that Marlon I'm gonna save
this for you this is a letter I'm not
going to read it to you this long but
look how nice of a job they'd printing
this they made it look like the New York
Times thank you and I will read this and
get back to you Parappa : and Nikola hi
faci I'm the founder of Kiki Moon well
this is a lovely blanket weighs about 50
pounds and it says we would appreciate
it if you would open on camera I
appreciate how polite that is this is a
custom painting of my face
with a bunch of words written on it that
I've said this is an amazing work of art
but I appreciate this but this is going
to be given to one of the people who
donated in my fundraiser last week if
you miss that I'll link it below you can
still donate and I'm going to pick
people randomly and send them pictures
of myself that I'm too insecure to hang
in my own home or studio but thank you
dope skateboards land yacht
juice electric keyboard a lot like a
boosted board alright I'm not going to
test this in this episode I'm going to
wait and do a comprehensive test with
this versus a boosted board but thank
you happening here I opened up some sand
mail I have something pretty max yeah I
thought you to put this is amazing
I thought but this is better what do you
think the wife would love it this would
go next to all my other Katie nice at
portraits that I've made Flavia Hotel
ladies and gentlemen my dear friend Max
Joseph and art appraiser in art
appraiser max Joseph max why are you in
town
I just finished season 6 of catfish max
stars in nature in a MTV television
series called catfish
max I really wanted to let go outside
and shoot a video with you or something
but you're just sitting uploading your
video every time I tried to exploit this
video there's been like an error like 60
to 70 percent of way if it will this
video be live the time that this long
does yes it will okay then I'll link
Max's video below go see it it's called
utterly swear much on the vlog max
office and it's called dicks
it's called dicks and it's a softcore
all milk it's actually a fantastic short
video that Maxie made and it's about
whether tell me if I pitch this right
it's about whether or not you have to be
a total jerk to be like a good boss more
specifically to be a good movie director
do you need to be a dick to being
successful right it's like Steve Jobs is
a notorious dick he's such a good
business leader do they do they go hand
in hand is there a correlation between
being a dick and a good business leader
to find out watch back to the movie link
below provided he has it uploaded before
his flight tonight
I've got 46% come on whoa why a serious
error has occurred that required
these guys do not like it when I film
here a long time viewer of the vlog you
might remember I used to live near here
and I film these guys because they smell
counterfeit handbags and they threatened
to I just want you the audience to know
that I did offer Max here a boosted
board and he declined the offer he said
he doesn't feel comfortable on a boosted
board so the city bike thing was his
idea how do you feel doing grain what a
nice day you look great red why are you
off your bike right now we were stopped
for a second when I was like in a not on
that awkward corner
the reason why Max is in town right now
is you know let's go dot New York City
is an awesome isn't it
all right max I got it I got a you got a
flight to catch and I have to go take
Owen to a fitness class I promise and we
do together it's fun we do it's like a
father-son thing it's amazing
they should make exercise things on
airplane right
ready it was quite strictly for that
Owen right right right there Owen is
home from college and he has another
five days or six days before his summer
program begins anything in the city turn
on the kids Calista
lucid board beats like every time you
know right here okay
that's it switch my favorite exercise
class if you ever in New York City
should come check it out
this is not a not a paid advertisement I
got to be ping gods do it quickly you
mind that I fill out the two minutes
notice for you the class there was
always other people locked and loaded
I now stand it I may be here and you
wanna write ok Tokyo I forgot all right
jets in a class it's an intense class
yeah oh and I are going to meet Burke
smoothie and then we're going home those
puppies were so cute oh my god
