I have a lot of fans in Japan yeah yeah
should I have done this interview in
Japanese
thank you very much
check out this framed picture of me
here's another one but this is what my
glasses and then it's me and it's a
record this is remarkable
such talent someone made this completely
out of Legos
there's work harder this is acrylic on
wood really special really incredibly
well done here but there's a holiday
sweatshirt got my got my face on it this
is a white sweater this is really cool
look that's like all my electronics
someone printed it onto a sweatshirt
this is a super high quality of luminol
skateboard and on that skateboard my
face shirt that says my name on it
jacket it says my name on it look at the
back ego a person's sense of self-esteem
or self-important narcissism excessive
or erotic interest in oneself and one
physical appearance alright I think to
be an artist or a painter or a filmmaker
creator of any type it means your ego is
so big you think that the rest of the
world cares about your perspective but
even a youtuber who has such a big ego
that he makes videos about his life
every day because he thinks people care
even my ego isn't big enough for all of
these awesome paintings of me these are
amazing works of art that people have
made something but I can't put a picture
of myself up and I can't wear a
sweatshirt with my face on it I'm just
not comfortable with that so I had an
idea
today it's hard to breathe with us on
today and the other thing my nose is too
big for this today in the USA is red
nose day
red nose day is a day where a whole
bunch of money is raised and it's raised
to help underprivileged children
and that's kids here in the USA in all
50 states and kids around the world who
don't have what they need to live a
happy and healthy and fulfilling life so
here's an idea I linked below a Facebook
fundraiser every dollar that's donated
today before the end of the day on
actually said the date wrong it's every
dollar donated today through June 15th
every dollar that's donated will be
doubled by the Bill and Melinda Gates
Foundation I'm going to make a donation
and here's the thing don't donate a
dollar and what I'm going to do is once
the fundraiser is complete I will
randomly contact people who have donated
via Facebook to get in touch with them
and see which of these artworks or
t-shirts or sculptures or skateboards or
or little clay sculptures of me they
might be interested in if you're not
interested in any of this crazy KC
paraphernalia which I would understand
well then at least you're donating a
dollar or some money
the kids really need help I got to go
now last year I wore it all day but it
really is like my nose is too big for a
red nose I gotta go
don't late please be generous
Harlan Harlan central island 431 man is
an important quote there were 27
thousand runners over time so it's good
to talk with you okay good I just want
to make you proud Marlin man All Right
see you later
Marlin left the note at my door say I
came in 430 first place and that he was
not impressed there were 27 thousand
runners 440 waters dirt that's my top
top that's like wow look at those
fantastic new hedges look great quick
jaunt to 42nd Street because DJI is
about to announce the new drone that I
already made a video about yesterday
which they already said to me early but
nobody else knows about as of right now
it's somewhere in Grand Central Station
places do I don't know how anybody
supposed to find anything in
presentation doing pretty well it's all
about the spark which already know all
about but it's interesting too well I'm
learning stuff he jabs without a great
show
I guess you can control this thing with
your hand but he should smile a little
bit doesn't it look like he's he's like
he's so he's so serious he's like in a
trance right now but I have it under my
control
after what I've been to Tokyo twice oh
it's a very pity this is like the base
station that will charge it I don't have
one of these I need one of these there's
a lot of security and good to see you
Yes Doctor
great event UGI thanks for having me
Park Avenue is one of the best down
hills and all of Manhattan
it's about a mile of straight downhill
all the way to 14th Street high
well c'mon dude thanks a lot thanks
laughs so fast 25 blocks right there you
know who hasn't been in the vlog in a
long time my friend Malik yeah that's
out there brother let's go ahead Jamal
what that gear bottom ones off oh you
know how to ride a skateboard oh yeah
yeah yeah oh you know how to ride a
skateboard
Oh how do you move you got to hold down
that trigger and they roll the wheel
forward so careful now
you
okay see we've actually met before and
we're completely
this is drinks merchandise the Oviatt
ovo clothing line for the club monetary
has this store as his merck outfit so we
settled on the Toronto now down
you're the see Malik you kill it event
but I love that guy
this guy blocking the entire
intersection they're broken down oh man
you see the bus crashed into the van and
now they're both stuff how does this
terrible place for car and have a look
I hope they figure it out
