I think two days ago or three days ago I
posted my like initial like first look
review of the new little spark throne
this is gonna be like a reoccurring
theme in the blog because this is after
spending three additional days of it
since the review I still stand by it as
like an incredible incredible piece of
hardware and I still like I don't have a
controller for it I'm still using my old
iPhone there isn't even an Android app
for me to use my galaxy with it that
limits it on top of that I'm using beta
software that limits it I only have one
battery and despite all those
shortcomings it's still amazing last
thing I'll say about it so to start my
day this thing is pretty tough I don't
have any extra propellers or anything so
I'm trying to be careful with it not
break it but I did crash it into a tree
at full speed
and it was windy out there too and it
handled the wind like there was no
problem you know because my drones are
so big and they take up so much space
and they're such a liability
I've been much more cautious with the
where and the when of using them in the
vlog that's why there's been a lot less
drone footage unless I'm in a place
that's like big and open but this is
going to let me shoot in places I've
never shot before
I mean in the history of ever
could could you imagine a drone that I
can fly out of my studio door down the
hallway say hi to my friends and fly it
back into the studio aren't the most
boring there was boring thing the least
interesting thing I've ever done in the
history of the blog was was when I
brought the vlogging camera and you the
audience with me on jury duty that was
pretty boring today's goal is to break
the vlogging record for most boring
thing ever vlog that's your cue to stop
watching right now so yeah boring I have
to go to the Department of Motor
Vehicles in New York City to change the
address on my driver's license like
which is not going to be exciting this
is not going to be fun I appreciate it
if you're still watching at this point
hey what's up guys three I thought that
perfect alright well that was a
miserable failure not like a update it's
a transfer and without the right I
failed I do not have a new drivers life
I hate the DMV I hate the DMV very true
story I was so upset like frazzled and
frustrated because of the DMV situation
I was like kid I'm not shooting a video
today I'm not shooting a vlog today and
that's it I didn't show anything else to
Dan
I was out with Candace and she had this
funny idea and she said shoot and it
kind of felt like that was enough to
call this an episode we're funny getting
you're gonna pick lemon all right I'm
gonna go with blue raspberry this this
was Candace's idea the first time we've
done one of these on the channel this is
a sour
what do you call this in it this is a
mega sour warhead eating contest they
used to be called mega sour warheads
when I was a child now I don't really
like sour stuff especially these it is
more like on the chemically side for me
I'm not really into the typical content
no no honey I don't wanna do it it's how
long keys where your mouth without my
custody
how often you know so now I'm making it
okay I didn't really know the rules I
thought we were seeing you scrub your
mouth watering we both have to look at
the camera 1 2 3
good
oh all right I said before I don't love
sour for a sweet guy well we're on a
date this is pretty much what we do we
go on dates
pretty out here Oh
