I loved you call your brother I said
hello
good news bad news good news good news
it's another hot sweaty sticky balmy
summer day here in New York City bad
news cold front coming this afternoon
good news that means they need to bring
the red jacket backs of long
No
because either for everything well this
morning in three minutes
Candice and I have a parent-teacher
conference for Francine
her first year of school is just about
done and we're going to go meet with the
teachers to see how it went
anything good
I don't think they're talking about our
child because you so much better behaved
that Bullivant is at home Horcruxes
advanced she's in Britain back for
others well just hear hold James's hand
she's very pleased she's nothing like
her mother
bye honey
brainiest I'm thoughtful and empathetic
we're looking forward to Washington grow
and exchanging jokes and riddles next
year
what a wonderful skin go ahead and work
in this park today and instead of in the
studio until I run out of battery
because it's a special day here Josie of
all your vlog rates up artists in your
care pet repairs monkeys in here
thanks for the monkey shirt Sean
greetings from the United States on
camera Tyler thank you for sending me
this letter and thank you for sending me
this letter which I will open up
off-camera you're a very nice young man
for doing that
teller that's not me KP asking you to do
all of you that is uh there's not even a
name in here
Kelley whoever this guy is he seems very
nice and extremely thoughtful but maybe
a little forgetful because I don't know
what his name is but you should go out
with him
portable and intelligent electric
skateboard from SPECT you know before I
open this skateboard one thank you for
sending me wherever sent it to me too
before you send me Electric skateboards
I just want you to know how loyal I am
to boost his board it's not just because
like I've been there and they're super
nice to me if they make a fantastic
product so this is the whole skateboard
whoa whoa look a little it is read
before first ride all right so I gather
from when I read the manual have you
stopped you don't have a controller it's
how you for that manual you don't have a
controller it's how you step on the
skateboard that makes it go
step on it this way you go forward you
step on it anymore space
a Ford model and electric
better how to work here it's supposed to
be lies but it's decided to fight my
quote look at it in terms of my plug
that's what I like about it so I want an
electric skateboard that I can like
bring on airplanes with me but I can't
figure out how to get it to movie
there's no controller going to your
locker figure this out well I mean it
says in here that if you step on it in a
certain way it's supposed to go and
accelerate decelerate if you lean
forward you're having about as much
success as high-end Marlon he says if
you step on your front foot
Hey
how'd you do that
before the day of course of course
Marlins gonna figure this thing out what
did you do I don't know a good Nigel you
look good
I love it if you lean and after the
sense the stand up straight and lean I
don't think if your edges like that I
think you got this book got a diploma
like I think you have to be Marlon to
ride this thing let me go
all right I'm not giving up I'm going to
read the manual here was just trying to
figure out how to get my skateboard to
work and I can't figure it out it was
having problems man as you talk about
the residuals over my gun right now I
got 99 problems in my electric
skateboard is one never burn it out I've
never got it okay from a concept
perspective the idea that I could travel
with an electric skateboard that
according to your manual has an 11 mile
range is incredibly enticing that's
everything I want out of electric
skateboard that I'm not getting out of
my boosted board so I do think there's a
place for this little guy in the market
it's incredible it also feels well built
and all that stuff with that though I am
a man of moderate to average to medium
intelligence and I read this twice I'm
also a lifelong skateboarder and a
fairly competent guy when it comes to
all things electronic I don't know what
this means and then the last thing that
I'm going to bitch about is the app it
seems like you have to be using the app
to get the board to work okay maybe
that's okay but I don't think that's
okay secondly I'm speaking from
authority here I own a software
development company you require all
kinds of login credentials to ride my
skateboard if you're making hardware
don't demand a user name and password to
ride a skateboard that's preposterous
out of the box I just want to be able to
ride this thing
I'm sure it's expensive it seems like a
lot of fun but it sends an hour on this
I couldn't figure it out so I'm going to
end this review without actually riding
this thing and my review so far is you
got some work to do feel like such a
jerk for not doing a positive review but
I got to be on it PS this is not a paid
endorsement
are you the guy who sent me the
inspector skateboard
I have some questions for you all right
well first of all when I open the box
and I saw this thing I'd never heard of
it before
and I don't know the last time I was so
excited about a new toy okay so yes you
address all of the shortcomings with the
boosted boards is very challenging to
travel with that big skateboard so I was
really excited about the spectra but I'm
sitting here editing my video review of
the spectra and it's not I spent an hour
and a half playing with your board and
never figured out how to use it I
couldn't make sense of your manual so
the thing is we're going to have
tutorial video that could give you a
really easy rundown on how to do it um
but the app basically once you log in
Facebook Twitter whatever you log in and
then you have access to the remote I
haven't been this excited about aprox in
a really long time I'm going to try
doing the acting and using the remote
connection do we know as a typical board
to have this little
acceleration/deceleration thing and then
make up your mind how's that okay yeah
my mind's not made up the verdict is
still out I'm just frustrated and I
wanted to share that frustration with
you because I'm really excited about
this thing No Deal is enough honest
review speed record definitely
appreciated
alright so hi I'm seems like an awesome
guy and like I said I want this thing to
be successful I also want to be good so
this is not a complete comprehensive
review this is an incomplete
unconfrontational
okay everyone is asleep I'm ready for
the race tomorrow I have been before I
am at five hours I'm so bummed
