3:24 the morning it's race day morning
all right it is 5:13 in the morning what
time does the race start Corral's open
at 5:40 they close at 6:40 I'm guessing
seven not really sure this is Peter
you might have to write him from
previous episode okay perfect thank you
sir what do we do now
we need to go right now you're far okay
thank you
were you doing don't run Yeah right
start to burn yourself out Zell good
morning
somebody stop this is the super sweet
VIP area we're in here having a little
bit of a snack we're in here putting on
our race clothes Peter's timing water
over there everything's going great we
got like 40 minutes before the race
starts like 20 minutes before we gotta
get out
very excited all right I got my race
outfit on I got my bib on it is rainy
outside right now but I I think it's
like a momentary rain - I'm pretty
pumped up
still pretty pumped up ready to run
what's up guys thinking of heroes this
is Roberto we're the commute pronounce
my name they call me KP God I'm here
Roberto what did you do to earn that
tattoo on your right shoulder I went to
a tattoo parlor and I told my friend in
the Olympics if it's true and yeah the
undersold the most important part of
that story
Olympic Olympic runner right here
all right we drop the bags off here with
what's your name
with Caitlin and then I get all my stuff
at the finish line
Thank You Caitlin why are we running
already the race hasn't started why are
we running
is this how you warm up record okay the
cobblestone bag okay no I feel good all
right feel good neva you're gonna run
with the banana or I mean I'm saving the
banana peel so that if you get ahead of
me I could pop it your photos on a
channel that's half dead air being a
teapot and break out the two stops is
what I think it there are few things in
this world grosser than a porta potty on
race day I'm not ready NewsHour is much
skinnier than this section our final
Andrew came to my running so now it is
right
again to take that
covering there's the starting line they
cook has a hand cyclist go first and do
a couple minutes and then they like use
the gun of the candidate and we take off
we're pretty close to the front but not
right at the front because that's where
the really bad guys are you can keep
your license off you'll enjoy the race
are there any advice for me can go out
wrong thinking about the Middle East and
thanks a lot
baby 45-second committed which are
already get man
how is the star how does the bell okay
all right here we go here we go here we
go all right I'm not recording during
the run off these like I'll be in the
finish line
the first 500 feet are pure excitement
it's finally begun you find your pace
you're psyched first mile marker 11 more
10 more 9 words starting to hurt you
feel some pains that weren't there
before but you're fine you're settled in
you're thinking to yourself if I can
maintain this the whole way through I'm
going to break my personal record this
will be the best race I've ever had 8
miles left 7 motto flip six miles left
piece of cake I got this a 10k away from
the finish line then the pain really
kicked in and it's not just your legs
you're not just tired lungs don't just
hurt your head doesn't just hurt
everything earth for miles left things
are getting really hard you passed a 10
mile marker there's only a 5k won five
of those you need to take but now you're
fighting you're going ten seconds slower
per mile and then the doubt comes in
maybe I'll just trip and fall I want to
finish but at least I'll have a good
excuse other than finishing slow maybe
just a 30-second break to take a piss
but one mile left but that last mile
this last mile this is the worst this
last mile is harder than all 12 miles
before it I will get across that finish
line
anyway listen Gaza
all right 123 58 that smells pretty good
all right needs to be crossing the
finish line here any second each flow
from 131 oh did you get a lid how'd it
go whoa good we had an ice bath thirteen
point one more conversation
I missed you guys when you got in the
road Peter if you wear it down there you
go now the raisins away
we'll November drop that down not that
one oh right dr. choake thank you thank
you need congratulation thank you I did
the few he killed this happy be breaking
career
he trusted he trusts you man
last night together and you know
chilling out here eating bacon for
Atticus otherwise
