watch this ready quick intro to today's
video see today's video I have the beard
in because this was shot like a week and
a half ago so I just didn't want anybody
to freak out I wanted to just let you
know I didn't grow it back or anything
this is like I posted a video with you
know reviewing the pneumatic air drone
and in that video I'm in Bermuda okay
getting to Bermuda and back in 12 hours
is like this huge chaotic experience so
that's what today's video is it's a
behind the scenes of what took place for
Peter McKinnon and I to make that review
video ready here we go here we go this
is the actual review here you probably
know this video ready this is the real
story the true story of how I shot the
Ematic air review video there's a lot
more to it than what actually showed up
in the review video first starters I'm
on my way to Bermuda right now and yes I
did take a helicopter to the airport I
just did it for the video
it's really incredible I mean it's just
so small also I still haven't floated
down there to welcome you to Bermuda
working here I've never been to Bermuda
before well come down unhappy how do you
know that how did you
oh let's door is so heavy
welcome to purview good to see you again
is it going man let's hug it out it is
7:05 in the morning Peter and I got up
at 5:00 to do the sunset a little
overcast I'm not going to complain that
we're on a roof on the tool bit overcast
I'd prefer Blazing Sun but this is going
to be good enough but I think now we're
gonna head down and actually try to
shoot this thing Peter how are you gonna
carry all this stuff down
Peter how do we get down there
we can't rappel down you know we just
jump off there's like a little ledge
right there we just jump down it see it
oh there's a plank of wood there we
could walk down that huh maybe if you
hold my and yeah I did climb all the way
back up there after setting up this
camera shot
that story behind this is that DJI just
gave me the drone yesterday morning
Sunday morning in New York City so I
could test it out for like two days I
literally like couldn't fly it in New
York City I was trying to think of a
place to do it
I was thinking Miami cuz I wanted a
place that was blue and bright and
Candace suggested Bermuda but then I was
like if I'm going to Bermuda why not
make a movie and that's what I called
Peter oh yeah and like being buried in
the snow way up north in the woods it
was a welcome invitation so I accepted
hopped on a plane and well hello there
so that's it I mean the literally like
came down here and we're leaving in an
hour
here's the fun fact I have never done
this I checked in for my return flights
before I left for my first flight here
and that's it like literally we're done
shooting the drone video we have an hour
before we leave the hotel and now what
what do you think like awesome Caribbean
fun montage
Peter and now a comprehensive review of
this mask and snorkel apparatus called
the super snorkel if I had to guess I
would say it probably filled up with
water two thumbs up
two thumbs up for the super snorkel
super snorkel
Bermuda dude you're not gonna believe
this
still trying to get sand out of my eyes
I dumped the Phantom 4 I know you did is
to know you do the water I watched you
do horribly into the ocean
yeah no not the prototype not the
Medicare just my phantom it's dawn know
yourself set it actually this is
actually like not part of a blog really
bummed out about it
it's just total panic in freakout mode
right now because I dumped my drone I
went out with Peters from now we're
running late we're supposed to be at the
airport 10 minutes ago we haven't left
yet I'm not even done packing yet I
can't even deal with that I'm just gonna
chill out here right now it's too much
too much noise and clutters banging
things and things smacking too many
sounds I just I would just love to get
home yeah I have a connection so I would
love to make you letting me use your
drone and that's why we're late I'm
gonna throw out the shoes I'm not taking
along the masks historical let's give me
those kids out there they're not even
out there anymore they're gone they're
gone to the airport because they
understand time management you probably
have stuff under the bed you probably
have stuff in the bathroom it's true
let's go I'm ready okay now
all right back at the airport this has
been the funnest shortest vacation I've
ever had thank you
thank you
I said hold my camera up Courtney this
is familiar
all right Bermuda it's been real
hope I get an entire row to myself again
like last time sigh come on I'm
seriously in the middle seat yeah I'm
actually I'm seven and a half feet oh
I'm not but why wouldn't you request of
aisle seat I'm not asking I care about
you I literally don't want another human
even though of all the human probably
happiest I just don't want another
person this closely in a bubble this
usually is the middle thing to put my
hard drive it's fine
well if e'er we made it to Boston
that's Wow so long see you later
Peter I gotta figure out at it and this
vlog buddy just ended oh but before if
you want to cop some of this hot
Casey night stat merch shop TC nice calm
come on one of these shoppin you're get
you're gonna they're gonna think that I
told you to say that I'm not gonna put
that in the video that's not how you
plug the burger so that is not an
appropriate way to plug
