finally here it's finally here it's like
90 degrees out today which is like that
today is officially the warmest day of
2017 and I'm going to do everything I
can to spend as much time outside today
as I can possibly get away with
pretending is respected yeah we over the
mass I'm inside in the basement
I'm inside at this in the kitchen
failing failing miserably at this being
outside all day thing now I'm just in
the studio not being a not being outside
Javiera thank you for sending me all of
this ramen I will be sure to eat all
this ramen and think of you while I'm
doing so after after I know you're going
to fry it so I brought you some ramen
thanks brother
this means a lot I don't know if I can
stand it in my giant posture is movie
premieres at the Cannes Film Festival in
one week exactly I hope you guys win the
whole festival I hope it's you could
write I'm I went to can with you I know
Oscar as the producer of this movie
Oscar invited me I don't feel like I
could yolks I wasn't involved in the
movie I feel like an interloper the last
time I was there was with this guy and
he consumes any freedom not on my level
do we get so many
yes back with us the block that changed
my life went in YouTube audience see the
movie August 11th unless you want to
come down in the cross debt and see on
the lumi√®re unless you live in the
south of France and then just you'll
find Oscar and you'll see that their
Film Festival
all right as our state traveler
boyfriend thanks man
I'll see you when I'm back yeah I'm
psyched for you dude thank you I'm so
far this guy you know the ostrich or the
France premiere is movie right now you
go to friend yes so let me say hi ha ha
men
it's a huge deal Marlon can I be so
reserved hunger position right yeah
that's it really leaving
I am on a special mission right now a
special mission that starts outside
so I have a meeting in 30 minutes but in
the next 30 minutes I need to get to
Brooklyn pick up my thing for a race
this weekend and then get back to the
city I should be okay kids are running I
like what I see I like what I see keep
it up kids keep up then this is
important some advice for out-of-towners
if you're ever in downtown you need to
get to Dumbo or Brooklyn over there
always take the Manhattan Bridge over
the Brooklyn Bridge if you're on a bike
or on a skateboard
you know the Brooklyn Bridge is wood so
it's hard to get oh there's a lot more
tourists nobody takes them in a dress
because it's loud and it kind of sucks
with a views greatness a lot faster
and I'm in Brooklyn that's the that's
the Manhattan burg there that's the
Brooklyn Bridge there
okay here let's at the end I follow your
blog it makes an EU special part of New
York City that's the Brooklyn Bridge
that I'm under right there and there's a
park here there's a carousel here I
would spend more time on this side of
the river that's what I'm looking for
right that way straight that way you do
this how are you gone that way
thank you
running the brooklyn half marathon in
two days this is where you pick up your
bibs your the number that you put on
your chest it's like the official you
pick up your official I give you a
second nice thinny nice and easy
where you pick up your official
registration and whatnot hey guys would
I get my dip inside there yeah okay
thank you very much
you are on camera I said nobody's gonna
see this this is mine does any other
duck do it nice to meet all of you
I'll see you on Saturday morning this is
my bib this is what will go on my chest
this is the number you should look up if
you want to see how I'm doing this is
why I came out to Brooklyn let's to get
this the race is in two days or tomorrow
by the time you're seeing this and run a
half marathon in a really long time time
I'm very excited about it all right
going to head back the office now going
to go back to the basement
back back in the basement no sunlight no
nothing just my posse out there we're
about to do something today we're doing
another like test shoot around a news
story we've been doing here at beam I
don't know if we're going to post this
probably not we've been like doing test
shoots almost every day down here we
write a show record a show edit a show
and then watch it be like this is why
this sucks
we'll just keep repeating that until we
find our our cadence and then we'll
start publishing stuff but that's what
goes on down here and that sort of
spending most of my time doing so if the
vlogs have been sucking that's because
I'm down here trying to do something new
they have been stuck I'm working hard on
this I don't feel like these
really exciting what's happening at beam
and I haven't been sharing all of it was
a vlog because we're still sort of in it
like in the in-between state we're not
quite ready to share stuff yet but we
hired a bunch of people we've hired like
five new people on the media side
producer writer two researchers we had a
new producer star this week and on the
tech side we hired a new designer like
things are happening 22 people at beam
right now I can't wait to make it a
bigger part of this vlog and really
share with you the specifics of what
we're doing
this will be my first half marathon in a
while I'm not well I'm a little nervous
mostly excited also I just found these
classes these are like my first tear
ever so old that the number that's
engraved on the side scare that phone
number I didn't have that phone number
anymore don't call that number I don't I
don't know who you might get they're
cool though right right
