ah that's not a real that's not a real
tattoo
so Mother's Day extravaganza you just
got back from the trip last night it was
fantastic but I didn't actually shoot a
lot from the trip it's not that it's not
that I was like being lazy or anything
like that it's just that well it was
pouring rains the first three days we
leave today and it's nice out ensure the
rain knows that we couldn't take
advantage of this like amazing town all
the beauty but it also meant that as a
family we were stuck together in our
room hanging out talking you know family
stuff
we went to a place called watch hill
Rhode Island which I've been to before
I've been there before in this vlog it's
like an hour from my hometown in
Connecticut but it's amazing there it's
beautiful it's just a little Peninsula
on the beach with a tiny town that still
not opens it's only open in the summer
one of the one of the oldest it might be
the oldest operating merry-go-rounds in
the country I used to ride on that when
I was a kid doesn't open till summertime
though so we'll be back and there's this
gigantic yellow old school hotel there
that we stay in it's the town it's it's
magic we've been planning a trip polite
horrified LAN supers the weather could
not have been worse we took a wheels-up
plane there
real party up this way and when we took
off there was a horrible storm they
weren't even sure if we're gonna be able
to land but we made it to Watch Hill
safely I just arrived in Watch Hill
where's Candace where's the baby come on
June
bye y'all thank you stay by my bye bye
team so we just arrived and weekend is
beginning now we haven't checked into
our room yet but every sight the flight
was a lot of fun this is the start of a
very exciting family Mother's Day three
and a half day and weekend it's noon
thirty on Saturday now the big crux of
this whole thing was the Mother's Day
brunch
we can visit your grocery store now to
buy a bunch of groceries so we can like
stock our hotel room me I'm ready so we
just knock our hotel room with groceries
so because that sounds like a good idea
but we're going to have plenty of snacks
for our Mother's Day brunch extravaganza
so far the trips off to a really great
start
Candace where are you both of my
brothers were there and mom was there
and kandace's mom and the whole family
unit was together on Mother's Day eating
scrambled eggs that my brother-in-law
and I made we also cook like 5 and 1/2
pounds of bacon for 11 people which was
very well-received
you're garbage hey yo look at braiding
up
you think being locked in hotel room
with your in-laws and family during a
rainstorm you'd think I'd be boring but
we actually it was great it's like being
on a cruise ship we did kind of drink a
lot in order a lot of room service but
it was it was nice we did it as a family
then the last day most beautiful day but
we had destroyed the room the night
before
so all in all it was an incredible trip
this is silly two sakes I'm 36 years old
but it was the first time as like an
adult family husband father it was the
first time that I really embraced like
the family thing the last video I had
that I talked to you about I was really
nervous about it but the truth is this
is exactly the kind of thing that I want
to do more of in the future guys how
does the mother say they sing sing go I
realized then stuck in that room on a
range day drinking tequila shots with my
father-in-law that there really is
nothing nothing greater than spending
time with family like that
you
