so what is this with you in my own video
or on video
I'm great how are you take your mom
getting some free problem yeah they can
hear free promo right here you got CeeLo
that zombie gee thank you
so packages keep showing up in my office
as a result my office he's getting
smaller and smaller just packages
everywhere so today I'm going to
dedicate the whole show to opening all
the packages now if it's watching the
open boxes for 10 famous doesn't sound
interesting I understand come back
tomorrow I'll have more of the regularly
scheduled marginally more interesting
programming that you've come to know and
ladies in life
so I have I have a dream that didn't
come out right I have a watch something
that I really wish I had that I don't
think exists in the world I want to be
able to take my cell phone plug it into
any computer and have an icon show up on
that computer I double-click and the
computer unlike a new computer interface
opens up just running off of my cell
phone on the computer I want that to
work on my Samsung phones I want that to
work on my on an iPhone does that make
sense though so you don't need to travel
with a computer you just travel with
your cell phone you plug it into any
computer and that computer then becomes
your computer which you carry in your
pocket I don't think this will ever
exist because it would decimate the PC
market that said this is a perfect segue
to the first part of today's unboxing
video which which is going to be about
this apparatus that Samsung is also for
what it's worth I currently carry a
black Galaxy s8 I'm switching to a
silver one because all I didn't know
they made a silver one I think it's
better-looking if you're a longtime
viewer of this show you know that I
always disclose when I'm being paid to
do something I am NOT being paid to make
this video but I do work with Samsung
and they put me in that commercial and
if I'm going to be totally honest with
you I just tweeted a couple weeks ago
that I was curious about this thing and
next thing I know Kelsey you know
Chelsea she's the girl everybody likes
it sent me a keyboard a mouse the deck
station in this ridiculous monitor so
this is an absolutely bias review take
everything I say with a grain of salt
but uh okay let's just start it what
this is supposed to be is a way to plug
your well you plug well this apparatus
here becomes the dock for your phone so
you take this plug your phone in and
then in the back here you can plug this
into a monitor and a keyboard and then
this is supposed to operate as a
computer
what we have here is your basic Logitech
Bluetooth keyboard this is a bluetooth
mouse calc yellow why you think I don't
appreciate it this is a big enough
monitor or what HDMI a lot of cable to
power cable just like an evening just
 like a woman - alright thanks for
your tech support you turn it on
ah power hey I changed screen resolution
so now this whole computer system here
is based on my phone how to pair
aha that's the browser I have running
these are all my apps oh you're a new TV
video you add Jesse and Jeana oh shoot
okay so just to be clear this is what my
phone playing on a monitor this is
YouTube playing on a monitor off my
phone control the computer and keyboard
of Jesse's new video all right Jesse I
love you I'm going to come watch Phoenix
watching that later this is very very
impressive so far Samsung alright so
moment of truth here this is really
important when it comes to this say I
have all this setup at home
I unplug it that's good that's how it
should work
except for now I can't access my phone
it just said yeah now here we go ready I
come home from work plug it in one one
thousand two one thousand three one
thousand four one thousand see I just
want to be able to plug it in have a
boot up and go okay alright that's
pretty it's hard to say where this is
super practical because you do have to
have this and then you have to have all
the cables and then you have to have
wireless Bluetooth and keyboards it's
not as simple as that idea that I want
where you just plug this into any
computer when you're at a hotel you're
at an airport or something like that you
boot this up plug it in when all you
have is this and it sort of acts as a
computer alright I know that was a
pretty abbreviated review but so far
pretty impressed with this thing Samsung
nicely done
now there are a lot of packages here for
mail time but I'm going to go ahead and
begin with the bigger packages because
they take up the most space and I need
my space back Oh a dry erase channel
thank you whoever sent that to me just a
quick we are redoing all the branding
around beams so the old beam logo that
looks like this I don't wanna get too
nostalgic but that's not a thing of the
past
hi Casey video of you inside since I
snowboard video aspirin in it just in
general I try to discourage this kind of
thing this is the bag of dirt there's no
porn in there that's I think there's
probably some sort of joke haha hi case
here an entrepreneur from the worlds
apart ok idea lab team I can't promise
I'm going to come to your University but
my goodness I appreciate this package
thanks for the honey butter
hi can't you my name's Dean hey my
little brother's name is I just started
a company called left lane crew with my
friend left lane crew is for car
enthusiasts who like to meet up and show
off their cars fragile Wow my name is
Shane Crowley and on the owner of pledge
allegiance pride company alright this is
amazing this is from a veteran who's got
rheumatoid arthritis and he makes these
things thanks a lot this is going to go
up in the studio hey axe him I really
appreciate this not sure what it's for
but I'm up I'll find out I'll find a
useful you're Katie you give something
currently we made you this 3d printed
deer head amazing I've never been given
a 3d printed deer head with lot evident
Caitlyn
dear Casey a short note to say we love
your work we want to introduce you and
more specifically Francine to mad mater
the world's smartest dough to ever flow
well darah O'Donnell director of global
marketing I want to thank you for all of
I want to thank you for all of this mad
matter and I'm not trying to look a gift
horse in the mouth but I think one or
two bags would have done not that I
don't appreciate this I'm sir Francine's
gonna be psyched all right I'll get
along I'm going to go ahead and end this
week mail time right there
not because I don't have any more
packages to open but but the studio is
pretty much destroyed and well quite
frankly I feel like if I don't stop now
I'm not going to have this cleaned up
before midnight thanks for all the
packages everybody
what I ended it out of that hole
unboxing sequence was I actually ate
five full-size candy bars and I've been
doing my best to stay healthy just keep
getting sabotaged by your really nice
people who keep sending me treats so
today I'm going to do my favorite
exercise class the whole road you guys
doing smoking pot
I went home I saw the baby I gave her a
kiss tonight I changed it about highly
reflective jackets now I'm on my way to
the exercise class this is it this is my
favorite workout class in all of New
York City it was started by a friend of
mine in South Africa I was on this vlog
talking about how great it is in South
Africa now he opened one here in New
York City is often
to the door I told you I'd be here
they'll often believe you I know I'm not
dressed I want to work out a little bit
so that's plenty in here guys when you
think I think everything so it's tack is
there room for these yeah right I'll set
off the disease lucky I'm ready that was
that was one hour
Oh working what our great then out how
much weight you think I'll move in and
out
I mean look at this curve sensitivity
1,200 calories but the beauty suppose we
want to an called inattentional the
metabolic planet is my metabolic
bollocks claim is seven ounces right
even always a 27 hours that's what I
meant
seven hours of metal blood huh
I'm on video so how you doing I'm going
to introduce myself do it
my name is Manny ensalada aka mr.
Ferrari Tom Hanks gave me the nickname
mr. Ferrari because I was wearing a
Ferrari outfit when I met him I'm an in
touch Weekly magazine as cabby to the
stars as you see right here this is
Wilson over here with me that was from
the movie castaway Tom Hanks eventually
invited me this is the InTouch Weekly
magazine so they call me captain buzz
this guy this is Tom Hanks he when we
first met
this is him down in the left once when
he invited me to the Broadway show I'm
Casey thanks to me nice to meet you
Casey I appreciate it thank you very
much like the most famous is the most
famous taxi cab driver in all New York
City tonight is my lucky night hey I'm
not that ugly now I'm down in Tribeca
right next to the Metro but I'll be
looks bad for business
