you're standing in front of it I can
take your picture
today is the big day tonight is the big
night
it is Candace's company's billy's launch
party and it has a lot to deal with
today so i'm being a really good husband
right now because she forgot her
cellphone at home so i'm bringing it to
her because that's what thoughtful
husband's do
good over here every dumped adrenals ok
she's freaking out a little bit
you're freaking out a little bit too
many people already Candace yeah why
you're making me feel all stretched out
nobody cares
I guess ocean if that makes sense their
dumpsters out front that I think should
be moved but Kansas doesn't care about I
care it's next New York City what are
you gonna do and in dumpsters or cars
this is not a porta potti all right
wonderful excellent I know I may never
see what is he the guy did you you
didn't burn yours oh she's a great
mother safe roses rehearse
are you nervous that I mean you can
their arm in that hole yeah now that so
you measure the gold and then you cut
the chain through then a key paper
oh yeah it had it on a waiver in your
mark on very much a mark so I can see
once we go inside and this is my
wonderful feed somebody gonna happen
he's gonna finally here
we realize nothing I did a little the
right discovering the why other right
right there finally good luck proud of
her for doing that trouble checking
right now there people there gets
bracelets welded on their wrist got new
t-shirts and product and stops the start
of what's going to be a very successful
company there's nothing sexier than a
hard-working successful focused woman
well I wouldn't certainly wouldn't say
that their group I would say they're
more sunlight than chicken white and I
don't need to work it belongs anywhere
near those days there's no step
psychology that is me making the
chickens ship from pocket well naked
open it slightly profit I think Papa so
more fries and chicken got the thin
layer before the Emperor swear I'll
quote I think both of us are pretty
sexual jake has an affinity for Taco
Bell are those new today Jake they just
came out with the naked chicken this is
not like a commercial for Taco Bell in
fact don't eat them they're not good
absolutely good at all no no no no I
don't know why I run when you first took
a bite you were like oh this is
enjoyable and then you had your juice
and the whole acquired special visitor
today special special visitors today at
being headquarters here not not Jake
yeah but Justine's special I'm here
because when Jake was talking about the
red camera you cut him off and I was
very upset so also I need to go here you
know there was a three people loyal that
would call me out on that and Justine is
one of those can we go see the cameras
came to cut you off
really yeah
very very very exciting day today at
beam we are inching closer and closer to
actually like publishing some content
which is like long overdue it's the
build up process is frustrating like you
just want to put something out there but
you have to respect the process and
we're getting super super close alright
it took so two canvases party officially
started two minutes ago I'm late I call
thereafter how sales were going she said
they're going great so excited for that
girl you always want the best for the
people you care about the most but you
see them try things you see them
struggle through things and it's just
like I believe in you everybody believes
in you and then you see it all come
together you see the fruits of their
labors it just feels great
are going on here it's so close here if
you need to run down rather than going
it's over everyone has been very
respectful and polite like waited in
line for their stuff and like bunch of
selfies and things like that it's just a
little bit like we're all a little bit
overwhelmed by what's going on outside
like Morgan's taking a nice hiding back
here though Mother's Day to me is sent
into a heart
I'm excited I'm doing it I'm getting a
gold chain lasered onto my arm
our hand into the box is happening I
don't feel anything
done good thank you sir you're welcome
to master your crowd this is the
official Billy I salute your chain on
this occasion and it is Billy on this
side story
yeah
it's going pretty well out there how do
you think it's going good right people
are really taking to the vodka shots
things are loosening up now we're an
hour and a half into the party two and a
half hours 63 and a half hours to go why
would you make it so late three and a
half hours to go great crowd out there
you put on a good show
party's pretty much over it's like 11
o'clock no idea what really well a lot
of excitement a lot of enthusiasm for
his new brand much-deserved I think she
did agree it's time people eat at home
right so how are you going to get the
strangers out strangers at this little
time to leave music off at the end the
night big success mega major success
Oh
