today we have a very special
presentation something very important to
talk about
we're on how flight is really creeping
on us it's really raining let me bring
this in so they can hear us better
that's great so nice
I think that's give it that's good right
let me see if it's recording okay so
this is a special update video
you remember my homie Jerome Jarre did
it all bunch of my videos okay a month
and a half ago to Rome and I did a video
we came together we talked about the
drought the famine taking place in East
Africa and we asked you can help us
raise money so we could help bring it
there and help them with the crisis
currently taking place what was the
total it was like 2.5 man we raised 2.5
million dollars with raised just from
people like you helping us and we got an
airplane from big airline that because
of the hashtag that we may turn into
pick everywhere hey Casey do you
remember when you said do what you can
well we got an airplane man a cargo
airplane for us Thursday with our name
on it love money for Somalia with
we stated the power of the Internet
we made that come together but so far so
far we through 60 tons of baby food that
was distributed across the Maya we can
and we bought 400 tons of food locally
bop ordered tons locally that what I
need really a ton is 2,000 pounds I'm
not sure but 60 ton is a huge cargo
airplane so for attorneys men cargo
airplanes and then 2 million liters of
water in huge water truck how many
liters 2 million 2 million liters of 1
of our little common sense
like you know at some point using the
footage we made this these people they
had lost all the animal and we're so
worried for the people because in our
head is like after the animals getting
them the ran out of water but these
people seems to be really relaxed about
the situation you know they they know
what they have to do and so we have many
times to cast down ourselves and trust
the people that they knew busy person to
accomplish yeah I see them well it was a
small sample of feel secure about
changes until then uhm to do on come
back transposed stuff and then we
imagined a consideration to prism is
absolutely family well sorted do you
know specimens or sausage once this is
sometime they have an occasional so are
the people what do you find your own we
found this so much humanity and people
that still hopeful and people would say
you know what thank you for giving me
the food but when you come back I will
get you Cameron milk I would care good
for you
you know they hope would ever say when
the joke is over when you come back so
much hope that there's not feeling ISM
we could never be the desperate of such
just a winner cell industry along
quality of who conform it
they don't focus only on Canyon
aqua beautiful look lovely
someone's making a family it's actually
quite revolutionary which we're doing me
or not because it's zero all the world
cost right like I'm not paying myself
like which means all the other money
going on food and water and that there
is no NGO that can tell you that we
don't have a big nonprofit built out
there's no overhead we're not paying
rent any building tremendous a chairman
is security you know the highest costs
were NGOs into my eyes security we
actually using the security of the
government that we cannot you know we
convinced the government to give us the
security so we don't have cost of
security so there's no pain for secure
everything is going to help the people
there's one part of this story that was
left out I think is really important
Jerome everyone involved this whole
campaign to send all this money
resources and energy to Somalia to help
those affected a lot of people deserve a
lot of credit but this all started with
one person this whole thing was one
person's initiative I just want to make
it clear to all of you this is the work
of many but it started with one and
that's true
