it's not as scary as you think I don't
know it doesn't feel like you're a
thousand feet in the air it's cool
though day two Helsinki I have another
speaking thing today I've got some press
to do today but I have a couple of hours
free and there's a few things that I
want to check out the first of which is
in this very hotel I was told this is
the coolest pool and all hotel thank you
I didn't bring a bathing suit so you
will have to excuse the censorship
that whoever village
well
so this is my second day in Helsinki
after my last day in Helsinki and I
haven't actually gotten out of like
explored the city at all I have one
three hour right now and that's what I'm
trying to do
I don't want a donut I especially don't
want a bright pink donut but I had to
get this donut look how perfect working
it is it's like a cartoon donut it's
good I'm taking a break at this like
cafe style place that by where the
gigantic ships take off they go to
Sweden I'm taking a break not because I
want to take a break but my boosted
board battery died so I'm Justin you're
charging it this place by the way in
addition to having amazing pink donut
also has dagger meister on tap something
for everyone I suppose
that's the coolest thing ever
that's the u.s. embassy right there
so the events that are going to speak at
right now the ones - yes today is a
different event entirely from yesterday
two events two different days but back
to back part of the reason why it's hard
to make the long trip to Helsinki is
because the opportunities to different
audiences
on two different days with just really
good timing it's still cold outside
right now it's like freezing outside
unless I'm not trying to make excuses
but this thick fog rolled in and I don't
know how to get around this town but I
could always see the tower of the hotel
where I'm staying and now I don't walk I
think it's over here somewhere no not
the brick wall get me boosted boards out
of juice there it is there's the hotel I
supposed to be there at 3:30 perfectly
on time look haha guys gonna take Victor
yeah like me you guys see later please
areum right on time yes perfect not even
late at all this is press for today's
talks but we're doing something
different we're gonna have some fun
we're gonna have some Finnish food
tasting this was finished food tasting
okay alright okay okay if you're like oh
no no no we're all now okay we're going
to have a small tasting here okay ready
yes these are traditional baka foods in
Finland we're going to start with the
people Ava
do that peacefully but I know that my
mouth works like that okay that's
disbelief oh that's good okay oh my god
pasta you said it's fantastic okay
you're probably you're probably the
first one I've met who says this is good
you can have mine years eat quick yes
like we say you like it no we're going
to say survivor plus two
Oh
it went well there was a big crowd there
yes it went well I think it well I can
never tell but I think that that went
well but that was it was a really good
crowd down there so I'm going to do one
more media thing now for the event I was
at yesterday I really packed it on this
trip but it stays like - like 10:00 p.m.
in point-six right now so I should get
some more outside time adventure time in
today hi thank you very nice to meet you
that's how y'all like drink thank you go
bye
you slept in this car the last two
nights in a row
yep why don't you have a place to stay I
couldn't get a hold of my friend but
that's easier for me just sleep in the
guard near here all right I mean you
could sleep my hotel room
that's a couch in there cars good oh
yeah I'm just a little too putting it
out there what are we doing here do you
know what are we doing now do you know
I'm not sure
oh okay the trusted experience to
enhance Allegro just like that trying to
sneak out now apparently there's quite a
crowd out here not alone I'm gonna with
yarn oh yeah oh okay
JC JC Kenny she comes with subdued or
even anyone but what's that oh sorry
can a guys's nice team careful almost
any board I mean like man right there
bud see you guys later bye guys see you
later thank you guys bye guys high five
I love you you're in Division whatever
thank you bye guys bye Casey honey last
race you why God making separation
you're fine fine fine I'll thank you
nice to meet you sweetie - healthy case
again again is no fatigue be real Chris
apology so nice meeting you guys bye
guys
haha
all right it's been good to have you
here
good to be in Helsinki
