to the airport yes thank you
well back at the airport sad believe a
little sad to leave but mostly just very
excited to get home and see the wife to
the baby and be home and not be an
airplane seems to be some sort of slight
delayed situation you know it's 625 in
the morning here in Helsinki the amount
of people in this Airport drinking beer
right now is entirely on the sins are
pretty hardcore
come on come to Africa now please remain
seated until the fall to see the plant
has been switched on
you may now use the tiller terms of your
phone or salmon and this year to remove
any personal be lines from to see pocket
Emma let it be okay so long I really
want to go into Amsterdam especially
after flight attendant told me what a
beautiful spring day it is but my
layover this time is like an hour and 10
minutes
there's no way I could do it
German sentry a pleasure to welcome you
to Neelix damage can be internationally
appointed terminate employment slide 47
please remain seated with your seatbelt
fastened until the aircraft services the
gate the seatbelt angle then be turned
off alright see you later thank you
thank you bye guys thank you so long see
you later I've come to this terminal
probably 100 times in my life I have
never seen it this crowded which is
people as far as the eye can see now
just just just as I was boarding the
flight in Amsterdam a guy came over to
me and was like are there batteries on
that skateboard you checked and I was
like yes it's like we're not sure we can
take them so it's a surprise right now
whether or not I ever see boosted for
again I'll find out very soon first bag
not the boosted work
there it is the booth did work to pursue
my bride
just waiting for my uber
about seven blocks away from home seven
blocks away from steamer ladies honey
I'm home
Candice frenzy oh no that's what the say
in the bottle honey you know that thing
when you start something that you don't
finish it and you start something new
and you don't finish that and then you
start something new you don't finish
that yeah Wow why would you throw that
at me that's the situation with the blog
right now like eight episodes behind so
rather than having eight different apps
I'm just making one super vlog further
what what what supers well
look at these green trees over this
grass Green Green Green Green Green
Green Green it's all green orange red
yellow yellow pink white goose
you know you wait and you wait we pride
mutation you complain and you bitch and
try not to complain and then just one
day summers here
Prentis know what this office looks like
you see me shooting here every day do
you ever see something like this on my
face every year I get super depressed
like late September early October when
the summer is over cuz I feel like that
is when the year comes to an end late
April early May aka right now I feel
like the year is a new the flowers are
in bloom it's like a it's a new season
it's a new time I'm excited for what's
to come
I do have some kind of big news about
what's going on up here in my office
which is that I which is that I hired a
new office manager like because I spend
most of my time at beam and only some of
my time up here I have a I have an
office manager who kind of keeps an eye
on this space runs the other studio
while I'm not here I hired somebody new
I look forward to introducing you to him
soon and then the thing that I'm super
most most most excited about is that
this week is family hold up front up
fronts are a thing that takes place in
the media industry where they present
like what the future of their their
media the future of what their company
and their role in the media is going to
be for the next year like MTV talks
about their new shows and it's like a
big industry thing but it lasts all week
long and it means YouTube which has a
huge event called brandcast YouTube also
brings in like 100 or 150 top youtubers
into New York City for this event taking
place in a couple days so all of the
YouTube community from North America is
here in New York City right now cute
thanks for the shirt Omid jacksie Omid
jacksie
this is just I want to be strong this is
really yeah I don't I don't know at the
time if he didn't get on hand yeah I
went through a tough time this is the
cleanest messiest bedroom remember we're
now saying that everybody's in town for
this YouTube thing that includes david
dobrik world's greatest youtuber I'm
here this is my Airbnb for the next
three days
hell yeah dude yeah this isn't my gaming
setup sack here it's not quite done yet
seeing a little bit of it oh wow
it's getting there I'm making a whole
twitch set updated this is also
excessive but it's amazing like what do
you my excessive what do you mean I
accept that what good going just to kick
you can't see down the hall no in case
the door is plug oh okay
50/50 if I can't do alcohol in front of
girlfriend disappear part about this
entire better that it's just there's so
many cameras so you're either really
into video or here at stringent paranoid
okay before we get started oh no that's
good really yeah it's really good it
looks great on the camera so for those
of you for the three of you watching
this that don't know who this guy is
this is david dobrik he is the I need it
like director fair by everyone else was
out on this David created an entirely
new genre that he owns on YouTube that's
why I'm such a big fan we're recording a
channel is awesome we're recording a
channel for his video right now you
messed it up this for my my second
channel so it's not like not like you
know I have two channels Casey only has
one
yeah I thought I had it yeah thank you
thank you I'm gonna go now not on
purpose that was even close to okay
those brutal yeah yeah I almost had it
yeah and one time you hands down the
king and he's gonna do it we're gonna
fuck I'll see you later
oh yeah oh maybe I'll see you tonight
yeah okay night good luck getting back
I'm a way to Brooklyn right now I'm
going to go to the like Hotel where all
the youtubers are staying so I can check
in and get my things get my plan for
tomorrow there's a little soiree
happening tonight so maybe I'll get to
see some of my youtube homies I did get
a little email from YouTube asking me
not to identify this hotel but there's
100 youtubers here all vlogging it's
going to be identified so let me tell
you security here okay whoa wow this you
roadside Center Brooklyn Bridge Empire
State Empire State Building
great great room great view now I do
want to say I'm one of a few creators
who actually live here in New York City
and I've got a family at home so I'm not
really going to be taking it then of
this amazing of all room
YouTube slippers YouTube jacket oh and
here's my pocket this is why I came this
is all the information for the week here
oh god I didn't know there are two of
you and I'm so sorry fuck why I'm just
coming in here with you man come in
she's like maybe you just sent it and
talked about it nobody talking about
earlier the whole lives of clothes he
clicked anything right now
quickly come show this off this is your
favorite thing
what is this is it's triple filtered
water oh my god this is broken my tubes
going this you guys got me so excited
you dinky whoa
are you serious well it takes a lot of
subscribers to make it work I think
that's one
I made it gave me so nice every New York
bathroom you can always see the person
pooping but this was like an own door I
like this room now I'd have to look at
you I yeah pretty fond of David and Liza
headed up now at the tenth floor there's
some sort of party I'm going to last
about 15 minutes so it's time for me to
go home I'm trying to go home so you
want to stay in the hotel but David and
Liza in the back basically forced me by
them I'm just kidding around I offered
to give them a ride it's a nice way to
end the night we're driving on the block
I know that people are almost there it
says we're two minutes away
bye you two have fun in New York we do
Ruby yeah we get it Micra driving us
around K by K food
best office in New York City right all
can you imagine rolling up these gates
in the summer here's the time left
it's like wake up in the morning have
your coffee turn on the cameras
collected all right let's run let's run
let's run let's run let's run you are ok
is it's a party a distress reporting it
was the party happens I invite my
YouTube audience you can invite all of
your YouTube audience down to 83 Murray
Street right here the Jews present too
big to come play all day all right
thanks guys and see you soon
that's an unpaid advertisement oh yeah
I'll take that's good
I'll just ask it thank you barley field
how would you do press experience
amazing I'm feeling a 21 feels right now
so we are we're headed out to the
YouTube summit which is in Brooklyn
we're sitting in traffic I only had one
boost the board of my house otherwise
who them out of a great that would have
been great this morning the thing that
we're late for it's kind of a catch-all
meeting with the executives from YouTube
with all the YouTube creators with all
the like with all the stuff that's been
happening in YouTube lately like I think
this is going to be a really meaningful
conversation I won't you sir but yeah
thank you very much
yep you're not in the vlog enough oh
look my I missed it
I'm moving to New York just to be in the
Baltimore that's a great idea is that I
can move into your spare room
I think you said you only halfway then
good stop good morning I really like
welcome to New York City dude how are
you alright we just finished a big QA
which went pretty exotic
oh that's not there I just had a great
point it was an animated conversation
animated a Harley definitely got a
little animated yeah some people got a
little bit hostile but it was like
effective like when do you get the CEO
and all the bosses duties in a room
right over but it was good people were
upset just like I predicted about the
Adsense and the whole situation
happening on YouTube right now this is
good it's good and hopefully there's
some resolve in it
are you guys cool if I have like a heart
shape around the two of you for this
whole interaction you'll get some
comments about that
let's get lads like are you getting in
trouble I can't find my booster charger
ah okay
alright thanks dude this is a small
severe problem I got to get to a median
I can't get that median my booster
doesn't work my booster doesn't work
without that yeah I was sitting right
there and it's like a black plastic
controller with a spring on it yeah let
me know if you find it hello how are you
oh I'm doing very well
hey what's that little curtain there
this one is for for the sound you know
it's all the time keeps the Sun off do
you ever sleep in here and show your Dro
I'm not yes I would do
okay thank you very much sir
yeah have a wonderful day I really
really like your Curtin affirm something
about talking about yesterday
well the in this walk didn't yesterday
as part of this one yeah I'm also doing
a thing for CNN which is right now I'm
going on with the big box Jeff Zucker
we're doing a talk it should be fine but
this is a lot for today today's off the
days on doing the YouTube ones a big
stage big day today
careful kids stole my boosted board you
got it you're a fast learner man yeah
I'm trying to I'm trying to roll five
days or 60s or 40s into one day it's
just the whole thing's not making a lot
of sense I'm kind of losing track where
I am in this story here I hope we were
able to keep up here on bringing us back
now we're at brandcast
grandpa dad is amazing
nice to see you guys I'll see you on the
Internet
bye guys tonight at YouTube brain casts
that I'm speaking at I'm speaking in
what 30 minutes 20 minutes Jessica I'm
sorry okay yeah I'm speaking soon just
to tell me me it's is great it's gonna
be great hasn't returned so yes I
brandcast was interesting ah there are a
bunch of celebrities Kevin Hart folks
James Corden folks Katy Perry spoke
Casey nice cat smoke I'm going to end
the mega vlog there you know I thought
it'd be more efficient to do one
gigantic video instead of doing four
individual videos that was a mistake
I admit that now it's taking me five
times as long to edit as it would have
been to just make four video I hope you
enjoyed this mega vlog I'll see you
tomorrow with our normally scheduled
normal human length vlog episode I hope
you liked the Megan vlog thanks for
hanging in there for all 20 minutes
like that like that I'm ending the blog
because
