mine too mine too well now thank you
until the prophecies of death give it
all yes because you're servicing of your
resourceful
so long thank you very much
a really really bad idea
a really bad idea okay here's my bad
idea
bye layover right now is three hours but
we got in a half an hour early so I have
three and a half hours now I'd rather
not sit in the lounge for three and a
half hours my favorite city in the whole
world
Amsterdam is right there I'm going to
try to go to the city get back to the
airport and make my flight in three
hours just terrible idea
okay I'm ahead of schedule right now
here's the rundown my flight is at 10:00
a.m. out of this very airport it's
currently 6:40 a.m. the flight boards at
9:30 - so I'm going to go ahead and put
a countdown timer it on the clock -
keeps constantly in check with how much
more time I visit the beautiful city of
Amsterdam I'm almost out of the airport
eliza ticket to make a sentence
701 to 4 minutes
704 I'm on the train
sheriff is like a 20 25 minute train
ride a little bit less it is currently
7-eleven station obsession town in
central Japan
all right sorry 7:23 am I am on the
ground outside in amsterdam central in
the city of m-step god i love it here
okay allow me to take you on a
skateboarding tour of one of my favorite
cities in all of the world Amsterdam
our first stop and only stop will be the
bridge that I proposed to Candace on
there it is
that's our bridge that's the bridge
that's right proposed ended so I made I
made a movie about this set if you
haven't seen you to check it out it's
one of the movies that like I'm most
proud of it took me a whole summer to
make the movie but the apex of the movie
was me proposing to Candace right on
this bridge she and I had come to
Amsterdam when we first met like years
and years and years earlier it was an
amazing time so that year I remember at
Euro 2012 or something
I got her tickets to Amsterdam for
Valentine's Day like that was the idea
we're coming here for Valentine's Day
and we got here I was so nervous I
wasn't nervous that she was gonna say no
I was nervous that she was gonna find
out we got here and I know it's this
bridge because we checked into that
hotel right over there
now hotel she was like what do you want
to do it I was if it's just go for a
walk we walked on this bridge I'm being
kind of a minister like people around so
I don't like wait for the people
disappear and then yeah then I just
popped the question
I remember she didn't say yes right away
that can it's what the fuck but she told
me later that she just was like so
overwhelmed that she didn't know what to
do
alright that's my whole Amsterdam
proposal story it's now 7:30 to it I
feel like nothing's open I know what
else to do but I'll keep skateboarding
around
so I had a very bad people fall I was
getting to the train station
and my skateboard wheel fell into where
the tram like the streetcar tracks are
and the skateboard just stopped cold and
I went full weight forward but like I
see no 25 pound backpack was my laptop
in any problem and my camera in my hand
and I I broke this camera that's why I'm
recording this on my phone but I fell on
my hands in a really bad way and when
looked out at my pinky this is an
accurate depiction of what my hand
looked like that was my pinky literally
been half like that like you see in
those viral YouTube video for vibration
finger in time that's what it look like
like my immediate instinct rush get nice
in here is hospital
but then I like took a deep breath and I
grabbed onto in my hand I just like
snapped it like snap into place with
force and it kind of went back together
and it's pretty swollen right now but it
works and it's not like it was so I
definitely did some damage but I forced
it back into place and although while to
the doctor when I get to Finland I don't
think it's going to kill me in the next
couple of hours it was scary
- tikal - and - a clown able to monitor
snowfall in culture that is how you take
advantage of a three-hour layover I was
way better than sitting in the lounge
eating tiny fish on now I'm gonna get
some ice and I'm gonna get some work
done and can't wait to get the Finland
