this was my sister's first-ever car
really you know that was my first condom
I also damn you and Lana have so much in
common bro welcome back to another vlog
if you're wondering what this is this is
my cookie jar guys yeah cookie anybody
amazing there's about to be a super
awesome day basically right now I'm
heading out with my mum we have a ton of
things we need to do so let's just go
out and have some fun okay so here's the
thing the first place I'm going to right
now I'm actually going to a Facebook
event
wait-wait-wait-wait listen I know love
you might be thinking what a Facebook
event yeah guys listen I know I'm a
youtuber but Facebook invited me and
like I'm just good friends with some
people over there and if you guys don't
know Facebook owns Instagram so yeah
they're the ones that got me verified
yes
oh my god hi guys so right now I'm here
at the beach and as I told you I'm here
for a Facebook event and I'm with the
girl who runs Facebook here in Dubai
boom hey some of us are guys come and
bring it in guys
she runs space we came to buy guys and
she yeah for creators like me and guys
way she invited me and who knows soon I
might be on Facebook yeah I'm pretty
excited to have you on board they're
trying to get my blogs onto Facebook by
like a different version right I mean
yeah we would love to have you on
anyways but now we're gonna head out you
guys damn this view is amazing guys look
at this really cool tent
guys this is a really cool tent over
here I don't even know if you can call
it a tent it's more like four sticks so
for now we just finished up at the
Facebook event listen I know I didn't
vlog too much guys we stayed here so
long talking that it's dark like it went
from day to night right now
alright guys right now I just finished
up with the Facebook event as you saw
and the thing is I'm actually gonna go
me out with my good friend sigan it's
been a really long time since I've seen
him like eyes you guys should know him
as sigan aka the billionaire basically
right now I wanna go see what he's up to
and let's yeah let's just check up on
him guys all right let's go oh my god
yo where are we right now bro I'll give
you five hundred cars today you choose
one for yourself
okay so right now I just made it over to
sigan and you guys might be wondering
where we are
every car behind us right now Saiga
nodes yep every single one guys
I'm feeling there basically this whole
parking lot this whole parking not all
the way on to the end is cars that sigan
owns and today he said you know what
whatever car you want you get to pick we
just made it here right now this is not
just today's cars so basically guys
obviously you guys know my boy sigan he
owns sell any car in Dubai and they buy
a ton of cars so this is the cars they
buy to date in this location in this
location you have 18 brother
so guys basic today I'm getting freaky
should get a nice family car like for
example this one I mean moon land I can
sit there guys so Simon Says Simon Says
I should pick a family car right now
right now I think you got better stuff
down there don't try and give me the
cheap stuff I know the cars are dusty
guys but that's because they're here in
the parking lot it takes like one hour
and Devoy to get this yeah like in the
buy when you leave cars in my parking
lots it gets dusty really quickly we hey
guys check this out like wow there's
like this whole section over here is for
them and yeah oh nice Range Rover hmm oh
I think we found something I think we
found something guys look at the size of
this then you could actually take this
like a war guys k√ºbra how much is this
one three free yeah oh my god that's my
sister's first car guys that they even
have a 6 Series over here this was my
sister's first-ever car really yeah she
had a black one you know that that was
my first kinda my also no way hey ok
stop flexing stop flexing damn you and
Lana have so much in common bro
all long-serving team member who's that
oh so there's actually a cat over here
at sciencebase guys look at her Oh crazy
we came here five years ago she was
already here so she's kind of the
landlord no way this cat has been here
since they started its I don't touch me
don't touch me so here's the thing
inside they have the cars that just came
like right now guys look at this a
Corvette an s-class wait for this check
this out look what they have over here
Oh what they have a Cobra a Shelby Cobra
this car is super rare if you guys don't
know they'll other guys I think it looks
so sick I wait look at the interior over
here guys I look look look at this
Manuel over here in the steering wheel
so classic there's no radio no radio I'm
sorry deal deal done I don't want any
more food alright guys so right now we
just made it to food listen and one
thing I need to tell you guys in life
food is the most important thing
with all the speeches his food comes on
a stick and you pull it down anyways Bon
Appetit guys that's it let's do this
whoo you know I always wanted to do a
gaming video because I have so many nice
gaming comes whoa this is my favorite
one I have two both of them don't work
we just finished eating food right now
our back at Sagan's house guys even rich
people waste money like sigan no I
didn't you did you did you did listen
guys
he bought this Game Boy for $200 $200
and it didn't work and I bled another
one and it didn't work either
what can I do oh they scammed your ass I
grew up with this one this is how you
know psychons old now this is his real
age coming out oh my god what is that
what do you guys know it n64 bro nobody
knows what that is
that's from a different generation roll
I'm 26
no you're not I had this the Super
Nintendo Super Nintendo yep I had this
ooh the same age bro no one could yeah I
know we just got here to his house and
normally you're not supposed to do this
after you eat but we're gonna go work
out my weights up too heavy
yeah girls are passing so don't look
like that though we were born ready
we are always ready and everyday we
start remember that if you don't start
you never finish never amigo
got to solve a bunion Louie BC mo Tyler
is the hero Spanish brother what did you
say I lived in Mexico six month you did
whatever you said oh you guys here's the
thing right now I'm actually saying
goodbye to psych and I quit II came to
see him today to see what's up but guys
I just wanna say one day we have to come
here to the swimming pool over here guys
check yourself oh is this the highest
rainfall in the world yeah there is one
actually under seventy six which is a
bit higher but that's the one yeah hey
leave me alone
where you just got busted the guy that
claims that the scanner oh the guy
that cleans it just walked by basically
I'd back home right now today's been an
insane day and we're about to do some
cooking to finish the day off yeah oh oh
how did you drop them me
yeah we're never eating at your
restaurant
how can you wash it it doesn't kill
let's discuss I don't want to eat that
you you just dropped it anyways you
think the me was clean to begin with No
so here's the thing we're actually gonna
do some cooking with a gas torch today I
always see people cooking with a gas
torch and I want to see if this actually
works so we're gonna do it from this red
star okay boom hey you just wasted on
salt he just wasted all that salt bro
there we go
guys it actually cooked it fully that's
it this is what cooking with a blowtorch
looks like this is so satisfying to
watch my honestly look at it honestly
try this at home like no don't try this
at home don't try this out whoa time to
try this out guys does it taste good
you're gonna love it trust me
Wow cooking with a blowtorch actually
works it is really good alright anyways
let us know what you guys want us to
cook next with a blowtorch and we'll do
it for you yeah gonna cook an apple with
a blowtorch nah no nobody's gonna eat
that Oh guys so my sister's been going
to the gym recently bro you didn't do it
guys my sister has more muscles than me
alright guys well you know what that
means don't mess with a lot of the roads
we love you guys a little as always on
the end of today's video if you're new
around here make sure to subscribe and
don't forget guys Yolo
