your your good morning to you guys your
your squad show we're about to run this
Hey oh my god so what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog we hold the
camera guys hold the camera he's all
blinged out oh my god
oh so basically if you guys haven't seen
yesterday's video I met like the coolest
billionaire in the world guys and he
bought me a fifty thousand dollar
Cartier bracelet go watch that vlog link
is in the description I'm not lying
like it's here and there's not like half
lane it's fully it's full diamond on
this bull we are gonna have an awesome
day I woke up in a good mood like it's
just you know and sometimes life is on
your side yesterday when I was gone
outside my sister went to the gym and oh
my god bro I don't care it's one day but
you look thinner already I swear you
lost weight maybe you went to the toilet
right now I'm actually heading out to go
me out my boy s1 he also got the same
gift as me yesterday so no we're we're
gold diggers
we're gold diggers guys I got one two
three oh five six
oh okay so I know I'm Way too hyped
right now but honestly I just feel like
so many good things have happened to me
this week that I can't help but being
like over-the-top happy I hope you guys
are having an amazing week if you're not
don't forget I am doing a halawi phone
giveaway so if you guys want to win one
all you need to do is subscribe to the
channel and comment down below what your
favorite feature of the bone is so as I
told you the first person I'm being up
with today is my boy s1 and he's still
staying at the seven star hotel like
look at this what he has a house in
Dubai like why what why what's good
Shiro boom so what's the plan for today
like I don't know what we can do to top
yesterday yes sir it's really hard to
top guys but we'll always find something
fun to do so we're in Dubai guys going
to buy so here's the deal
Moore wants me to take you guys to the
Royal Suite and we're - laughs but it's
only gonna happen if you guys say so I
don't listen to know what is impossible
for people to go in there unless you
spend $40,000 a night I'm saying we'll
take you guys there if you say so
yo this is my favorite thing about this
hotel whoa that is so satisfying okay
guys so right now me and my boy s1 came
over to this really cool restaurant and
over here they have like the weirdest
drinks ever like I mean it they come as
like potions right oh my god so right
now my boys drink just came it's time to
make magic happen
Wow
Wow
oh my god you're the lad
yo bro what's inside it looks like
there's lizards but I dare you to chug
it right now
blue ocean yeah yeah I wonder where I
heard the name from these shorts good
blue bro oh wow
bro that looks so disgusting I can't lie
it looks like you're pulling out a fish
from the drink
ah not to be weird or anything guys but
we're gonna share our drink Rosa okay
yeah
this is kinda weird tell you I actually
ordered a milkshake as no guys oh my
what is this what happens if I dip this
in here who dips corn candy into that
drink like this is not a thing bro she's
so bad I can just sounds really good
must try this gum so the craziest thing
ever happened you guys saw that the guy
recognized this year and right now he is
bringing us a special cake just for us
thank you appreciate what is it okay bro
I'm done
a few moments later wait why am I in the
toilet right now goodbye to my boy s1
and I am actually heading straight out
to go see neriman now it's her last day
to buy today and I haven't seen her for
the last two days so yeah today we're
gonna go say goodbye to her and why am i
doing this in the toilet guys alright
I'll see you what's ordinary guys let's
go Hey alright guys so check it out we
are here finally I am back with marine
so today we've come back to the mall but
but it's with my family again yo yo yo
guys welcome back
so right now we just met up with Lana
and mummy mo guys basically they came to
eat some food and what we just realized
Lana
Nerine have the exact same shoes yo I
can't even fit you guys into one form
like you guys she bought hers with my
credit card and I got her so like I was
sponsored two girls
goochy goochy goochy no you know the
people behind us think we're crazy
my wider two girls so excited about
Gucci cuz what are they doing oh my god
hi guys so basically my sister is
considering detail the detailing of him
she's considering deleting her YouTube
channel if she wins this if she wins a
teddy bear she gets to continue her
children's channel
oh I trying to grab two oh whoa
I'll get that perfect that's oh my god
you proved me wrong it's
a secondary you can continue are you
guys ready for the next game so the next
game we're playing guys basically you
have to pop these balloons in order to
win or I super simple just pop three
balloons to win all right Wow Wow
how is she that bad oh how is it going
the same spot how are you guys this girl
is blind yes look oh my sister Wanda Wow
tada
you won you guys look at how they put it
up once they realized we're so bad they
gave us a whole bucket of this light
normally it's supposed to be like three
they give us the whole bucket it's gonna
read whoa Wow Wow
how can it bounce up the balloon like
come on power
what are you trying to do
alright here you can pick one now what
do you want ah also adorable they got
two failures in the family two failures
the shock chair so we're sending norine
on to the shock chair basically you have
to just hold on don't let go don't let
go
50 no you don't get 5,000 Nerine
literally just left all of our tickets
in random places for kids to find who
does that be nice be like marine guys
now that we're done with the gaming
section I actually have some sad news
for you guys today might actually be the
last time that we see Narine now the
thing is I'm not sure if we're gonna get
to see her tomorrow because it's our
last day so just in case right now we're
gonna say goodbye to her all right
goodbye Noreen bye what what are you
guys doing
I can't doubt alright okay yeah yeah
what what what is happening right now
Nerine we're gonna miss you
hopefully you're back soon
I get back we'll see let's see right
there
I thought we're leaving here in the
corner of the mall the guy she's heading
out so bye group hug family hug guys all
right guys
