three-two-one
this could be used to teach you out the
handstand no no no it breaks your fall
good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to a Fram allistic vlog so
here is the thing we're gonna start out
today's video in a very positive way
okay so pretty much if you guys haven't
been watching the vlogs for the past
week a lot of bad stuff has happened to
me a lot of very unlucky things number
one my laptop broke and number two my
phone got robbed in America to make up
for it right now I'm gonna go buy a new
laptop I'm gonna go buy a new phone and
I'm gonna buy a ton of new phones just
for you guys I want to do a big big
giveaway for you guys after getting my
phone robbed I was like you know what I
want to give back to people that are
just feeling bad like me so yeah right
now we're gonna go buy some phones and
we're gonna do a big giveaway hey it's
been a week that I haven't driven okay
so I don't know if I know what I'm doing
I found oh this is the eighth no thank
you
I want the X where's Dex might be
oh alright guys here we are
the iPhones just made it here I've never
seen iPhones come out in a trolley
before this is so cool
yeah guys look at this or making an
iphone tower mommy okay so there you go
boys the purchase has been made a if you
guys want to win one of these iPhones
make sure to subscribe comment down
below why you want to win and you know
that's it I'm giving away four iPhones
one of them is for me because my phone
got stolen so yeah I see can you give
four five not know for this is one for
me yeah the case I'm your mommy okay
my mom's Matheson you're by the way I
want to show you the receipt just to
show you how much all of this cost me
this has been the most I've ever spent
at an Apple store
alright guys check this out twenty nine
thousand twenty nine thousand this has
been the most I've ever spent
that's like eight thousand dollars right
there eight thousand dollars because my
phone got stolen my laptop broke
one two three four five six
I've always wanted to do this look at
this
whoa this is what you call an iPhone
pyramid right here this is awesome Oh
all right so quick change of outfits
right now we came in the garden and
we're about to play with the wobble
bobble
what is a wobble pretty much this is
like a really really big bubble
all right does that make sense yeah all
right guys basically we're gonna turn
the pump on and see how big it gets hey
it's not gonna explode right I don't
know how big is this gonna get yeah
no I think we can make it even bigger
okay guys so I'm letting my sister make
it even bigger so in case it pops she's
the one doing it
you told me to do it again huh Wow
three two one
that are so cool this could be used to
teach you out the handstand no no no do
it it breaks your fall anyways there you
go that is the bubble bubble guys let me
know what we should do with your next so
yeah I I'm gonna put on the roof oh you
did you just put on the roof is it good
it's good anyways now that we're done
with the wobble oh right now I'm quickly
heading out so let's go to a photo shoot
that I'm doing yeah
yo ice a quick change of location you
might be wondering where I am right now
check this out guys whoa whoa so
basically right now I've come on top of
a rooftop basically we're doing like a
little photo shoot for a company I'm
working with you're gonna see on my
Instagram guys but we are literally on
top of the roof right now check this out
this is crazy guys oh my god
what you can see the whole device
skyline I had to show you guys I wasn't
even gonna vlog here but because it
looks so beautiful I just thought I'd
let you know what's going on ba guys for
now we're gonna go down let's go alright
let's get out of here guys
down this is cool mo logs on the beat
who's your gang gang gang gang gang gang
sana-i boys a photo shoot is officially
done right now we're actually heading
back over to the mall because apparently
my laptop is already fixed yeah but I
bought a new one and now I need to
refund it's working alright guys so in
here is my laptop or repaired guys oh my
god
guys check it out check it out check it
out don't break guys don't be sorry just
to fix the screen alone cost me $700 Wow
are you good
hi so right now I was just going around
and look what man hey I was really
hungry and they gave me some their
snacks every year so another one so
right now he came to the sports store
and look what they have what is that oh
these are skates
Dargis literally like shoes so you just
put your socks in oh my god it's like
shoe skates look at it oh my the biggest
wheels I've ever seen so right now
they're quickly bringing my size and if
you guys don't know I used to be a
really good skater don't you find it
interesting nope normal skates brush
like shoot like okay there this is a
norm escape well shoot yeah it's like
this shoe versus that shoe you break it
you pay for it okay so apparently they
don't have my size guys damn it I really
wanted those skates but besides from
that I don't know why I really want a
bike and I've been saying this like two
years if you guys have watched my vlogs
I always say I want a bike and look at
all the bikes they have over here the
thing is if I get a bike I want it to be
one of these the ones that have like
these massive wheels because apparently
you could ride these in the desert
anyways in case you're wondering why
we're in the sports store my sister is
actually buying some weights yeah
apparently she's a bodybuilder now so
don't ask me Yolanda what are you doing
sweating yo since when are you into gym
you're supposed to go lower what the
hell is that these doesn't go down I can
show you how to squat let me show you
how to squat okay here we go this is the
professional at work guys look at your
pants
yeah there you go there you go so they
have one of the biggest Christmas trees
I've ever seen inside the ward so they
actually have a really cool see over
here as well I think Santa was sitting
over here but right now he left but this
is awesome guys hi guys so right now I
just made it back home and check this
out as soon as I got home look what just
rolled up to my house Hey so I met these
two really cool yo squads and they put
up in a 4 5 8 special and he's a vlogger
now yeah that's awesome guys basically
he told me that he just started vlogging
and he has this car someone you have
like money + vlogging you already know
subscribers are coming you're over here
he's actually gonna swap this car for a
Lamborghini SV so when you do that
fingers crossed you come back to my
house yes anyways guys we work really
having a chat for now they're heading
out so I'm just gonna stare at this bad
boy go what a surprise
guys thank you so much for the surprise
guys can I can I keep the car I
appreciate I'll cool you to take the car
you see you guys
and there it goes iris and I know you're
back home I'm gonna say good night to
all of you here and wrap up the blog so
I hope you have enjoyed it don't forget
guys I am doing a massive giveaway as
you guys saw today I went and bought a
ton of iPhone X's just for you guys so
if you want to win make sure to
subscribe and comment down below why so
yeah haze I love you guys all and I'll
see you tomorrow for another epic blog
yeah leo
