so we are about to go out and I need to
tell you guys the reason I miss vlogs
look at my sister it's been two I'm not
even kidding
two hours she's been getting ready
taking her Instagram photos and that is
why I miss my link so if you have any
complaints at Lana or 786 she's the
problem all right guys I wanna show you
something else look at our bathroom it
has the secret whoa
we have a seat in my bathroom but I'm
just kidding that's pretty much because
let me go out I put my chair there cuz
my cats come and just scratch it up cuz
we leave them open we don't want to put
them in when we go all right enough
talking let's go alright guys so we got
to festival city and I can say it free
empty I think we came to the wrong party
because this does not look like the
party we should be at because there's so
- we can find so much part all right so
we're waiting for the elevator and
apparently all the restaurants outside
they're getting renovated so we have to
go through four thank you no put this
food now pretend like you never had it
pretend like you never had it just
pretend like you guys we're doing
baskin-robbins this is American ice
cream tasting challenge
how's it taste of you does it taste good
unless your microphone is disarmed all
right let's see how this tastes
oh my god it just build this is
delicious it's spilling out I can't oh
so you guys in bad taste as you can see
your microphone has gotten a bit smaller
so basically guys what we are doing is
we are patrolling the toy section nope
we don't have any kids at home we have a
cat that walks a tent EEP
he asked us he wants a tent right in
closed spaces that look like tents like
anything with a little bit of life but
just stays in area and serve we assume
that he likes
tips because it like he doesn't
like under some machines so it's like we
need to burn in the core hi basic me
bubbles is crazy and retarded and we
just want to trap him somewhere he
caught me that's basically what's going
on I think you like something like that
or that I think we might have some
guidance so you asked me to do a job I
do it right no no no dude do it do it
come on dude no it's okay just do it I
thought you're supposed to be a blogger
don't make me embarrass you I find
everything on for now
there's a tag in front of my I can use
mine not cool
so that got annoyed
fiery rocker in the house tonight
look can you stop it put it down why not
they're not good obviously not why the
guy just looked at me like okay
alright try them try to trust me with
advice hi please everyone on our
Instagram can we make this an Instagram
photo it actually looks really nice I'm
not even joking guys call it down tell
me it looks really nice because I think
it does
I could we take in scrap over for him
it looks super good did you just poke
your eye out just yet cut it off man he
actually looks really good don't you
think I'm gonna make the song last
collection because I think I know what
it takes
hashtag do you like them that's gonna be
the thumbnail probably look they are
there are new V's that's right that's
fake Luiz Inacio and dad said LV ya
actually does you know I think we should
buy it no I'm sorry we have to let you
go buddy we have to let you go it what
we found the best blasters ever no try
and get a thumbnail for me cuz this
actually looks cool wow that looks super
cool I need to buy classes more dude
this is my thing let me try one
anyone do the black one you have that
one alright take the camera take the
camera
guys you guys told me to do that you
know like that challenge we do that then
you probably the screen don't judge me
oh it's covered discover damn it guys
are trying to snapchat look at this tag
is in my eye I find even see-through to
psych is the tagger find it but we're
trying to do a snapchat you know that's
how we do our snapchats are both down
below all right take two off the
snapchat we accidentally covered the
microphone is it good all right let's
see let's see yeah okay buddy we got it
good look at me I'm out what he skipped
me bye guys I know it's good you guys
follow us on snapchat cuz we do like
cool little stories and it's all fun and
games
oh yeah these are like I look like an
idiot right now don't okay alright good
snapchat let's go yeah you know we be
boiling out here guys if you can swap
behind me that is the glottis section me
and my sister made a whole trend
everyone was coming and trying to run
since they saw us doing it but yeah now
we're getting cat food we need to feed
these dumb cats like these cats so soon
Luigi only one up that Bob would she
make so much noise but to be honest I
like him he's my favorite cat hey guys
this is my life story six-pack coming
soon
I turn the camera now is that how you
 how'd you know he'd assumed oh
okay hey guys wait hold on mice don't
work all right my brother talking to
blah I'm going to the car I'm over here
here I got so we're gonna go home now at
home obviously thank you camera but more
I can't even get into the car right now
are you caught vlog as I was saying guys
we're gonna go home they're parking it's
super quiet actually that's the reason
why I didn't get it yeah basically she
tried on some perfume but it started
itching her so staring at it this looks
like a roller coaster I have you seen a
more ski ones Oh cheerleader
hi guys so after midnight here you have
to do your petrol yourself so that's
what I'm doing right now I think okay we
need full super that is super bright on
their camera alright anyways guys we
just got home that is that today I'm
gonna go ahead and edit this vlog
hopefully you enjoyed till now was a lot
of fun at the supermarket but for now
I'll see you guys later
yah yah yah you felt my outro not just
for two sections anyways guys hope you
enjoyed today we had a lot of mana that
supermarket but if you guys did as well
but for now see you guys later bye bye
guys
