good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog now my sister is asleep downstairs
she's been working hard the whole day
and she is just completely over this
they wake you up actually has been
sleeping for a while I'm gonna go
upstairs I don't know anyways I've
already interrupted the sleep but yeah
that's the beginning of our day I'm
going for a run right now and it's been
a couple of days which I actually have
not done any exercise now in UK I used
to do a lot of football my friends and
stuff like that which you guys could
have seen so I need to make myself a
proper schedule of exercising here I'm
just gonna get bat amazing pretty much
so let's start jogging
I'm finding out the supermarkets in your
area and I'm quickly gonna grab some
milk and bread because you've won our
home how many need some for tomorrow
my shopping is complete now I got
everything we needed and I'm just gonna
walk my weight home I had to stop to
show you guys the view look at that that
is beautiful and I'm sorry if there's a
lot of wind noise but still I'm gonna
put it in anyways and it's super hot so
hot
I'm almost about to die alright so I am
finally home right now I'm dying
literally I'm dying let me turn the
camera I'm gonna go inside take your
shower and I'm pretty sure me and my
family are going out soon so enjoy the
video from now on a shower time and look
at my shirt oh alright guys so I'm ready
with my family you can see they're going
ahead we're going to the buy more
Wow darkness I hope you guys can still
see me I'm gonna continue recording in
the car so we just arrived at the mall
and I'm not sure if I should wear my hat
because my hair is obviously not styled
up as you guys can see my mom insists
our gang out look at this Ferrari
surfboard
my family running away come back all
right so we ought do okay okay you know
the options off my heart professional oh
my goodness
plate what your 5-0
right that made a weird noise
my sister is buying ourselves a new
credit and she has no idea I'm recording
her let's try and get proper zoom
no party bad confused right now
what's going on how does this machine
work we are a paparazzi oh my friend
with the gang you know but yeah we're
here staying to get some tea
you guys always know I just get the pop
of milk of tea and my sister it's got 10
gigabytes of Internet which I'm going to
be happy to using to check my Instagram
stuff after she's not checking those my
nails are really rubbish all right guys
Q&A part one how old are you
do they part one complete see you guys
later peace out question 2 question 2
again what is my instagram tag this is
hey we got
oh my god guys let's dig in nah tella
look at mine I don't know what my sister
does but she turned did she treats the
bun as if it's like a pizza she slices
it up and has one slice at a time I
might take a snapchat for
that looks disgusting I had to stop
myself what look at this coming fern
yeah but now it's like it's been surgery
depandi it's like Botox gone wrong
what you just hand there like that and
just buy it well that was quick
we finished it all in one bite yep guys
now I'm going to show you how you cool
for a village device I know
all right this is how you call for a
bill guys hi take the take a camera I'm
not going to show them the video it's
not him I'm be doing properly please
yeah I saw a meeting you
it'd make a bit more slide no no you
asked me to be the oven on video my own
way there's a video yeah again de I'm
only gonna do it - the waitress but it's
that that's how you Cooper you're
putting me so close I can I can see yeah
yeah okay that's how you go for it for
me
this is ridiculous it's in Muffy's okay
another backup guys it did not worry I
did that and the lady was like should I
come and then also I can another degree
bring the bill
that was a mega fail it's a good thing I
did according all right I found
something for when I'm a dad I'll be
lazy as hell this thing will
automatically rock my baby to sleep come
on baby
what is this they should cool it
for dads because moms are like yeah good
for Mother's all right let's go
I'm not having kids today guys look at
us we in the disco section I remember we
used to have one of these I think Mike I
don't know if this all works
no it's one of like them ones whoa
another thing you got the power inside
you down all right so I finally fixed my
hair I'm wearing my hat now so hopefully
everything is better from now on
roberto cavalli just for kids you don't
want to go in there and buy stuff not
it's for you though it's for you oh my
god we in the toy store now all right
guys so we are now in the toy store and
we're looking for a tent for our cats
one of them really likes like indoor
thing so we're trying to find him a tent
but every time I come into a toy store
tell me if this happens to you guys as
well like even though I don't play with
toys I just love looking at them there's
like a bring back so many memories guys
go to vents door and black rings I think
I'm the only person but I love looking
at myself sitting down in a mirror it
just
to me
it's actually so weird because I can see
myself in the mirror in the monitor if
you know I mean I could CC myself and
it's just so weird guys so seeing here
with my mom now look at it
my eyes are super right I think I'll
move the camera can you see that
I think I need a bit more sleep but we
are going to be Zhan Vonda are done in
this it looks super ribbon I'm recording
over that just doesn't look like it's me
talking again we're gonna be done here
soon my sister's just getting out the
changing room or going to the stores I
like I actually went to a camera store
and they didn't have the camera I was
looking for which is really unfortunate
so I have to look again why me and my
sister are sitting on two different
stools and I want her phone and I have
to go get it yeah she came to me thank
you
alright guys we are done at the mall
right yet doors opened we just need to
go find the car now and head home I'm
not sure if I can actually upload this
video today because normally I would
have a video pre-recorded but I've ran
out of them so hopefully I can get home
and up load today if not that's why I
missed the video yesterday
oh yeah let's go find the car
Lana rose 786 this is what you call a
perfect parking where you come straight
out and that is the entrance over there
perfect
yay all right time to go home guys were
in the middle of the desert no we're
trying to find the beach at night and
this does not look like a public manner
I will say this could be Aspen so we are
done at Pizza Hut you can see it's over
there
we're currently all right that's their
game all day we're currently gonna go
find jumeirah beach so we can just sit
there and chew that's what I wanna do to
be honest but yeah so bye bye to Pizza
Hut and let's go eat it on the beach we
just arrived to jumeirah beach it's
really good cuz it's empty you can see
this section is like for people that
just want to sit and chill here are my
mum and sister and yeah we're just gonna
have our pizzas and then we're actually
gonna take the car cuz we think we can
get closer to the verge of our bits over
there you can't see it's in the
background maybe you can see the top
part of the light but yeah we're gonna
head off after we eat it's actually 20
past 12:00
so I'm sorry you're gonna miss a day of
logs so this will be out yeah you're
gonna miss the day that's pretty much it
alright so we're done at the beach we're
just gonna take a car and go over there
towards the bird there you go that's
Virgil our 1,300 meters completed woohoo
car ride again at least we have AC now
but really I see they take care of the
buggy across it you go there yeah it's
pretty dark I don't think I can see much
all right guys I don't know how well you
can see me but we are passing by
Jumeirah Beach Hotel which is so nice
I'll show you guys look at that I
remember we came here for New Year once
and to play them try and plug myself in
it but yeah we came here from New Year
so one of my videos the cycle Happy New
Year
but I won't find one look and I think we
are going to also approach cordial era
yeah this is Wild Wadi you can see that
some of the rides from here but there
you go boards an Arab over there as well
there we go now you can get a proper
shot perfect cordial are pretty guys
and that is a new I don't know there's
something there building something here
and that is an m5 in front of us or the
cool colors like this yellowy color
alright guys so we just got home and
look at what their cats have done they
have flipped this whole thing and we fix
it should be like that and now the tiles
have fallen off and this is why you put
all of these but in a few days
everything when we store it down and
these guys caught myself anything again
I did outro for me that's that everyone
you know what to do
link to our instagrams in the comment
section i Lana please please like wait
let me try to put this cat back I beg
you guys please please please please
please go and disallow her on instagram
black mole said you need to go sleep
I can say anyways guys that is the end
of the vlog hopefully you enjoyed
today's vlog and I'm gonna let my sister
say goodbye bye bye guys
