hey guys what is up mo here and welcome
to another vlog beautiful day we're
heading out in the morning we're going
to pure chick at some fancy restaurant
place they told us to dress smart like
look at me I'm wearing my trainers they
can't make me dress smart by jacking up
pretty much all right fine cut my vlog
for a selfie we're going out in the
morning and I feel like I'm officially a
Dubai blogger now I don't know why but
it's probably gonna be your title of
this video cuz I feel like it but yeah
we're gonna go take you on the journey
and let's see what this place is because
my sister absolutely loves it she always
talks about it oh my god it's pure chick
they've got good food probably no babies
are the best it's got real food you'll
see they bear up good views cuz I didn't
come for no reason but yeah we'll see
you guys then hope you enjoy today's
vlog and it's extremely hot alright guys
so we are here finally next to pure
chick entering you can see that's a
little turn and it takes so long to get
away from that wife but yeah that's the
entrance we're coming in it's a pretty
nice entrance right yeah we're finally
here here chick okay yeah we need to say
where we're going but yeah we're here
and look at all of them golden horses
whoa it looks pretty cool right pure
chick Dubai well yeah this place looks
awesome that's the only reason I came
look at this Gold horsies
yeah this is all my sister hangs out
pretty much just to chill and eat food
we always see on skype over here but
damn this place looks nice and that is
the royal entrance entering the royal
food place oh yeah now I can't even do
cash buying I see a rolls-royce there
it's actually quite yeah it's Ramadan is
in the morning and no one is here but
yeah I'm going to end the vlog here I'm
walking and I'll see you guys once we
are inside peace guys alright guys so we
are here finally I hope you guys can see
me but the scenery is very nice oh I
need to stop touching my hair so yeah
we're here and I think the scenery looks
pretty nice I'm here on my mom and
sister obviously and yes I might take
like a little selfie Oscar looks pretty
cool right dad the entrance entering my
royal palace this is pretty much how
having a palace would be like
just waiting here my sister's taking a
couple of selfies as you can tell it's
pretty nice in here let me just show you
the less you're seeking a couple of
selfies and we should be headed up to
pure chit wherever is I've never been
here to be honest I'm not even going to
say I have I'm not I'm not even into
fancy food you guys already know that
and look down there I don't want to drop
my camera but some little waterfall so
yeah we're going to go eat or do
whatever and I'll see you guys there you
can go snapchat guys look at this so
making always in the hallways and I
don't want to do it except for a blog so
I'm just going to blot because that's
the bathroom that no I'm good
what part elevator selfie yeah so when
the mirrors are so crusty in this place
what type of design is that pretty nice
antique guys the cart doors yeah I never
want to come to eat seafood hate seafood
alright guys so we're on our way to go
to the restaurant we're on some buggy I
don't know how well you guys can see but
that is our view I'm actually scared to
pull off of this thing oh yeah I don't
this is actually a scary ride and liquor
where we're leaving
okay I'm just trying to hold up so guys
we are going across the ocean that's
pretty cool right down yeah that's yeah
yeah yeah if I can yes thank you very
much stop it takes on blows makes it a
bird everyone thanks to the beach
damn son
so guys we took a pit stop just to take
some photos this place is awesome I
think you guys can see it behind me we
have the board you're Arab but yeah that
looks awesome I don't want to drop my
camera into the water down there so I'm
not even going to go close I'm gonna go
take some photos yeah and we should
continue our journey down they kept this
base I don't even know what this is
looks like a little seeing area bar
thing that they've closed for now
alright guys so we are here try and take
a couple of no-fee I say you can see
actually pretty nice unfortunately is
hot so I'm really squinting out any
requests but down look over there like
even that not even the borderline I
don't even know that is a hotel probably
the airport our cue sweet and selfie
time alright don't be not guys we'll see
you in a couple seconds that's why I
need to follow me on Instagram and
snapchat two links in the description
alright guys so we're gonna continue our
way we took enough selfies I shall just
do vlogs to be honest I'll cut it out
yeah let's go continue our way and I'll
see you that piece back on our way
so yeah we're back in our we're going
but you guys are enjoying their views
because I'm just loving it actually
really cool look at this I don't even
know what to make the thumbnail in this
video blogging in a vlog we're finally
here guys thanks a lot alright guys so
we're at pure chick right now and my
sister's trying to make a video alright
guys so we're here inside the restaurant
is pretty empty actually yeah it's
completely empty and you can see the
view is nice so guys we're seeing here
with my family
we're still waiting for the food that
takes ages to prepare and look at this
nice this nice I can live an eyeliner
but it's a knife it's from my steak I
think right let me open it up oh yeah
pretty cool right my foods about to come
or my sisters and mums dish it some big
nation when I record it they're going to
put it on there and cut it up it's on
fish thing so I decided to record for
you guys and you see in the back I don't
know why it takes so long to like show
behind the scenes but that's fortunate
herb if anyone was wondering and well
it's blowing up again yeah that's poor
gelareh and yeah we're just waiting for
the food
it's a Southwest which is mixed up with
salt flour egg and Cyril 22 black beans
you can see your own yeah the mixed up
inside with parsley and some lemon to
enhance the flavor into the dish and
it's fresh give us from this
so guys all our food has come
starting with my mum's and sisters then
got sea bass and wait until you see my
course I'm not going to have that that
that I'm just gonna have that and
they're gonna have their sea bass I hate
seafood but I'm happy man I've got
myself something that's edible and yeah
let's enjoy it is a blog
yes everybody right yeah alright guys so
we are done here finally we're just
going to get the buildings go home show
them the view that this place is so busy
I'm just getting here but yeah we had
our food
hi I know anyways yes so we're gonna go
home the view of those very nice you
can't see it so don't even bother show
yeah yeah I mean over here for you guys
when we go this I'm going to sell the
front of the buggy and we're not gonna
walk oh it's extremely hot but yeah
we'll see you guys there
peace on the streets Oh picture alright
guys so we are now outside and the views
are beautiful as you can see let me try
and get myself a thumbnail Wow it's
extremely hot but yeah guys this is a
luxury side of to buy this type of stuff
it's more for women I think unless
you're a guy that really likes
restaurants but now that nevertheless
it's like a really good experience you
guys should come here if you want well
yeah look at that that's a pretty cool
area as well and the views are
magnificent my mom and sister are both
there like doing their thing vlogging
taking pictures for family and stuff
like that but yeah even they're like
they're doing some like the old boat
ride but we are going to continue today
hopefully you guys have like this and
yeah let's see where we're headed now
okay so I'm taking a video guys this is
literally how I take my thumbnails say
hi to the camera and yeah beautiful and
let me just I'm not even gonna bother
taking photos I'm just gonna take still
clips I know you can do what you want so
guys we're still waiting for the buggy
well we told them to cool it a little
bit late because we wanted to take a
couple of selfies my sister's gone aside
just to tell them to bring it now
should come down this place and this
place looks awesome I let me try it on
though there's another turn oh there we
go
is he coming alright so we're done
taking pose because it is extremely hot
and yeah we should be going inside now
bathroom
bathrooms are just as nice as the
restaurant not bad not bad let's shut my
hack I'm trying to look at the lens and
everything not bad
you guys probably going to kill me for
touching my hair but I'm really sorry I
need to fix it it's super super hot and
yeah towels on fleek let me take one a
day wet another none of this dried out
so very wash my face and yeah I'll see
you guys in a couple of seconds peace so
we're on our way back to the hotel lobby
out with my sister she's taking her to a
blog you can see the view is really nice
they are making our way back I came in
sat for this sign so I can show you
everything the other radio see this is
like a double over vlogging each other
like a backup blog
nice super nice hi everyone
damn son everyone's like what else God
you don't say these are the places on
the beach and all Castle Hotel so there
basically
to be pretty much why I'm doing guys is
I'm vlogging my sister vlogging because
everyone's like talking of luggage but
yeah it's actually really beautiful so I
had to lug it for you guys
yeah continuer vlog I grandma so guys
this is the Royal Highnesses Private
Pilot
you can see the gates there and yeah
it's pretty much like home to me up here
lie everyday Oh Jodie is really nice the
sides good if that was my home
I just be chillin same back
you got bonus for certain PLC I think
it's too much logging for one day all
the difference cuz that's all grade it's
all green it's all gold it's all her
magic
oh yeah I never give up guys you guys
need to see every second of my life
I've sold myself today I pretty much
just sold my life was guys we reached
our destination now we go home I can't
go home guys it's been a really nice day
the views have been great and yeah
everything has been des by style luxury
oh yeah you can be my vlog and you know
our money our battery so the vlogs are
passed on to her it's your
responsibility now as we in the elevator
God look you are you're not even coming
for a family for hey this is not a
family follow oh it's a family vlog Oh
time to leave we're in the valley they
Park all the cars here we need to go get
our car final view I've got like 30
seconds of recording so I might as well
do it here but it was a great day great
senior as you guys can see and hopefully
you enjoyed everything we recorded so
yeah I'll see you guys at home or when
we continue today peace hey guys I'm
just quickly going to come and take some
photos with this so you guys can see it
too so yeah let's get to some photo
taking as we're coming on a little
walking trip as you can see the hotel is
on that side but we came to a video a
little bit off the views for you guys so
why not and wait wait until we get to
the golden horses look at that and I'm
not really vlogging my face but you know
what who cares because the views are
much nicer today and yeah let's get to
it so over here we have the golden
horses ah look at the views guys it's so
beautiful this is like all gold
everything so guys home time now we are
super hot we came here to take some
photos but yeah it's about to go home
and look at that so beautiful hopefully
you can see it behind me I'm trying to
get like nice shot these guys bar car is
right there in front of this place and
you can probably see it over there and
you're about to go home and I
I don't know why my mom and sister are
waiting I think they're taking photos
again but yeah it's really nice scenery
you guys can see so it's really nice for
like Instagram or foes for family and
stuff like that then now log of phobic
we took so many blogs today or like so
many parts of logs in these places that
I'm boiling up hard damn but hopefully
you guys are enjoying the views I think
we have like a little tour bus in front
of us and yeah I'm gonna go home and end
the vlog you're probably not going to
see much more because this is pretty
much all there was I've logged
everything
I mean we're gonna vlog people in the
tour bus you can't see any of them they
are see you guys once we are home to end
the vlog and I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog
so guys we got home hopefully you
enjoyed today's vlog if you did drop a
like that is the end of the vlog cars on
fleek for ya if you did drop a like
subscribe share it with your friends and
I'll see you guys there buh bye
