good afternoon you guys and welcome to
another vlog now we're currently going
to go out to a mall start the blog link
today it's about 7 o'clock or 10 to 7
going with the car sisters just got out
she is the reason why we're so late
actually but yeah we're going to the
mall so you guys come with us why not
and hopefully you guys enjoyed the
previous videos I think today we're
going to a fish market as well I'm not
sure but that should be really fun so
yes stay tuned for that but yeah for now
let's go and get in the car and start
our journey
I think we're eating at Texas Roadhouse
or something not sure so my sister wants
the on my mum or anyone else our friends
that we're going with but yeah let's go
so guys we are currently on our way and
look at the beautiful views normally I'd
put a song on this but I'm just going to
speaker this because I put way too many
songs as always the review songs and
look at these towers they look really
nice and I have an idea actually I think
we should open the roof and there we go
we can see it through the roof you can
see up there
and that's a pretty cool thing I like
having a roof that opens up because
especially for these roads with loads of
these tools skyscrapers because you can
see the views but yeah we should be at
more soon and yeah after you there
guys were passing Burj Khalifa now and
that is the tallest building in the
world we got to the Bible finally and
let me show you guys with a commentary
for the first time oh look at all of
them nice palm trees it's actually while
it's really busy and I saw a really
nicely wrapped Ferrari in Bali
but yeah if I have the chance to go
video that I will so finally at the mall
I swear we park here all the time like
at least once a trip we park here oh
yeah just waiting for my mom sister to
get out the car and we should be good to
go and eat because now it is 24/7
basically guys I'd only get into too
much but Ramadan you know everyone's
fasting and
you okay just don't worry about it I'll
see you guys inside I was wearing divine
ball and look at what I'm passing I'm
passing the gold Aventador
you guys have seen this in loads of my
vlogs I guess I've never really stood
next to it oh yeah listen to me next a
gold Aventador and yeah we're going to
go eat everyone's hungry so I can't wait
around and
I'm thinking of luck do you like a video
the guys are currently in Texas Hold Em
and I want to show you they have like a
bucket of peanuts and I love this bread
it's like this sweet bread but the
peanuts you just ate them you break down
and I let me try and turn it down there
you go you can see it but that's what's
inside it and you just eat at where
we're going to afford our main food soon
and I'll see you guys you guys so so
guys I ended up ordering myself this
state or ribs actually what the hell am
I talking about yeah I got the ribs I
thought it'd be nicer that's why I
ordered
super loud in this base but it was like
an hour waiting to game cuz it's super
busy playing so one of you asked why
order and that's why I got the rims so
yeah my drink just got here look how
festive it is my sister's got day that
same drink so yeah we're buddies
Cheers guys are pinnacle here and these
are the biggest ribs I've ever seen
look at these they are huge like this is
my hand into perspective and yeah
they're massive
so guys we are done here I'm here about
two little jugs of asthma see my face
current but yeah we're done I'm here
saying opposite my sister or next to my
sister this is your dream but yeah we're
going to get done here soon
it was really nice and way too much
though
but after we're done I'll see you guys
there
I'm next to the Ferrari store and I
wanted to show you the really nice
Ferrari they have it looks pretty cool
in this like racing place and I think
has a bit of information about it the
Formula One replicas show car but yeah I
want to show you the store looks nice as
well I'm going to continue my shopping
and I'll see you guys soon peace as
we're currently a paparazzi and you guys
asked me to show you the menu and why I
get wherever I go so this is the menu
and it's pretty much a tea place
and this is what I'm having I'm having
the property cup of milk tea with a bun
and that's my mom my sister all right
guys that is the end of our movie and
everywhere here so loud in the mall in
the parking everywhere we go 11 check
your cards around we're just going to
get to the car and go home and yeah
you're probably going to see me out but
right now because this is prerecorded
and we're going to go to the fish market
so let's see we got home and bubbles has
got the earbud in his mouth are you
kidding me bubbles he's only in here but
yeah it is mouth let it go Josie guy is
the dumbest person I've ever is it yeah
you made me drop my earbuds so guys
we're about to go to fish market now I'm
probably not going to vlog on the way
cuz if you can see outside through the
window it's dark
yes it's late at night well not really
late it's like 9 o'clock at the moment
so we are going late but I also want to
let you guys know wait let me turn the
camera around this is my Instagram guys
and if you haven't already followed it
go ahead and follow its mo underscore
vlogs underscore now the reason I'm
saying follow my Instagram is because I
put photos up like in real time of me
going places for example this one I
don't know if you guys can see a
property but that's the one you saying
I'm going to fish market or whatever and
stuff like that also the stuff you'll
see on my Instagram you might not see on
my YouTube
wrong I gotta leave in the shop so guys
we currently go to the fish market we're
now in the parking making our way there
but it is so busy in here that it's kind
of crazy so it's going to be kind of
difficult to record and I don't want I
don't know let's just see what happens
mice are currently just getting our loft
pieces like these little crab things but
yeah we should be done here soon it's
really loud that's why I can't work here
so I'll see you guys in a couple of
minutes
disclaimer for people that don't like
fish you're about to see fish get calm
so yeah
scream
because we thank you
and you can see over here that the fish
is getting cut up and cleaned so yeah
should be done soon and we will see you
guys later police
the school feeling prawns yeah and it's
super long
that's like 2 kilos
because actually I think everyone
doesn't mind it's just for the lot of
you oh yeah guys it's super it's late
we're sweating we got your right as it
closed and I hope this isn't bad art
this is good blog right yeah we're gonna
end here you can see me on sway
and I'll see you guys once we're in the
car because I can't look there much
longer peace
alright guys I don't know how well you
can see me in the car hopefully it's
good up on the light but we are done we
bought literally any fish that you can
imagine was there its stank a lot but we
got through it and got the fish we
wanted we're heading home now and I
don't know is it too dark
am i dark now yeah I think I am beer I'm
gonna go home and finish the vlog and
I'll see you guys with the cool fish
guys look at that awesome shot it's like
steaming or like stood the cool shop you
see that that is pretty cool I have to
say guys in traffic I spotted a GTR I
loved it
as I say I am the bottom left I don't
know if you guys can see there yeah I
just sighs put hashtag Lana get well go
on our Instagram give her a follower and
be like Lana please please get well so
she feels sick right now
I think it's because of the fish it got
to her there's you know fish and fish
aren't compatible
hi guys we got to the petrol station and
I'm gonna go grab us some milk because
you know start from the bottom now we
here that's all you playing at the
moment it all team and niggas just sorry
but the men you said they're my worker
okay guys so recurring in the petrol
station I want some hot dogs
my mama sister just choosing what they
want but yeah I don't want the cheesy
ones I want these ones mic on actually
see the sausage I need us
alright so we've got a couple of these
but we also need the milk wait do you
want the 1 litre one what you want the 1
your milk always going for the Eddie
yarn
alright where's the milk right away
I can't find her oh yeah there it is
it's right the boss but that looks dirty
and sorry it's on the outside it's cold
it feels like cold that's a good smoke
and being small that's more small I
think small is best it's not I've got
I've got a rhyme or a poet I wanna reach
you
roses are red violets are blue your name
is Lana and I hate you
yes that was the best all right guys
we're currently doing a picnic in the
car my battery's about to die I ate one
of mine you can still see it on me a
bear what one more - oh it's hotdogs by
the way and my battery's about to die so
I need to stop the smog all right guys
were home and look at what we have here
hello my subscribers hopefully you
enjoyed today's video
my name is lankey hands and yet you
enjoyed today's video drop a sub and
I'll see you guys later boom move but
I'm going to end the vlog here because I
need to go upload on with my other vlogs
also I don't even know I want to say but
yeah I need to go make a snapchat on the
fire pull up that floor but for now if
you guys enjoyed the vlog please drop a
like share with your friends you guys
have been going hand with the videos me
I'll see you guys later bye
