you can put it softly look at this guy
don't wanna show you baby man
but basically pretty much what happened
was yes
all right guys look you guys just saw
was the aftermath of the car accident
now this will be a proper vlog but this
is just the beginning I want to give you
a quick explanation of what happened now
this young lady was on a round bell and
she was turning right - well that's what
indicator said so I was doing right as
well so obviously I want the roundabout
and then she stops and roundabouts and
reverses into my car I know it sounds
shocking but that's not even the worst
part
after we went into a road and came to
swap details and she got out of her car
and I was with for my or three of my
friends me and through my friends and
when she came out of her car she left
her car without even putting her hand
brake on and their car started rolling
and my friend literally ran in front of
her car and started pushing it to stop
the car like I've got evidence I'll show
you my few friends here right now you
guys having to try yeah it doesn't sound
enthusiastic but I promise you that did
happen it's it was like it was all like
crazy to me because I did not expect
someone to be that and crazy and driving
or wild makes you just panicked and got
four cars out leaving it but yeah that's
what happened I just wanted to share the
crazy story to you guys hope you guys
enjoy the rest of us peace
a black ski mask EBUS model - an MC of
peace if only you to finally be a part
of the facing dog
run to the network mochi fucking rap or
des excuse me
why so camera shy hey I'm sorry I'm not
all right guys we're pretty much done at
the park today we're just finishing up
and I hope I could get a couple of games
for you guys and see what am i doing it
is water free enjoyable yeah hopefully I
could get a couple of flips if I did
they'll be like slow mode and stuff so
if you enjoyed drop a like and I'll see
you with the next bar today alright so
as I said we finished up we're leaving I
don't know how I always come across
loads of these alleyways these are our
doing them shaver head alright guys
today I'm driving my sister around
pretty much we went and checked because
basically saw person knocked into my car
you might have seen it one of my other
videos if I put out there but yeah ready
to go pull that it was really cheap so
who cares but my sister doesn't seem too
happy with my driving apparently go show
them your face Jack she is in a bad mood
because of it like how could my driving
but someone's in a bad mood I don't know
but no stop
you do that let me cheat every gene
having your left sorry
hey here's our guys
