good morning my youtube family and
welcome to another vlog now starting
today's blog with my kids which have
messed up the place but outside IO it's
on the side you can see over there
this kitten the stray one that we always
beat we fed him as always but we found
our girl today and our cat bubbles who
is a man aren't you nope you're a little
baby it was actually like she the one
outside was hissing I'm so hard guys
bubbles is a player this guy has just
been sitting here looking at that female
cat over there well where's Kiki
literally we have because we got bubbles
because it was a girl and a boy and look
at kitty she said what's wrong is mobile
playing you well it's after was so bad
for Kiki because like she was sitting on
the couch I doesn't not accounting the
chair just looking at bubbles and this
guy has no feelings Bubba would be
ashamed of yourself
bubbles the player then other than that
it's the man of a mininet Aled evil away
almost be like she got the booty doe she
got the booty what the hell are you guys
doing you're fighting over toilet paper
really if you got do anything you just
have to let them do what they have to
think about fighting over toilet baby
all right guys I'm about to go swimming
got my short shorts on you can see me in
the reflection I need to get longer
shorts these were like from ages ago I
have been sitting in so long that forgot
how short
but yeah I got short shorts PS guys do
you want me to start snapchatting
because a lot of you guys have said
start snapchatting or stuff like that I
don't know if you guys want me to start
snapchat I'll go make it account anyways
and yeah we'll probably be down in the
description by the time you're watching
this video
alright guys so hopefully you enjoyed
them GoPro clips I was looking back at
it and I didn't do much in my head I was
swimming and stuff like that but all I
could see was me going down and doing
the peace sign but we're going shopping
now I wanted to show you how
ridiculously dirty my table is like
their socks everywhere there's my camera
as my cap my little safe with my wonder
I was in it but yeah this is my room
it's completely messy so let's get out
of here and go out I need to quickly go
buy some sudden all right so we got two
giant which is a supermarket we actually
found this parking so luckily like it's
full like way let me show you how fun it
is people are parking on the sand like
overboard and stuff like that I am for
example over there there's loads of cars
but there's people another one record
them be I'm going to go inside and do
some shopping my family for some food so
I see in a couple seconds
as a store open shopping has begun
alright guys got my coconut what the
hell is this God my sister's getting a
coke because she wants the powder and
she
if she takes a coconut scrapes it it'll
be more fresh or something so that's why
that's why her coconut she's a coconut
no I give up guys I told my sister
Courtney like four times and I'm doing
like weird movements through the aisles
and then she's I if you want me to
record you dead like I was looking for a
picking up the latest edition of auto
trader and look on the back
the orange rockin with I love these
Mercedes actually McLaren and Maserati
taking some bananas fresh from the tree
you ruined that one that's three so one
each that's enough is it so guys we
finished our shopping we're leaving
jion all right so we're going home now
and look how dirty this car is
I'm paying too much is it I need to put
in the hand yeah you know so that's
that's mine I did my job
drum spicy
so as you guys saw there we've ordered
KFC my favorite food you guys will know
it I sure don't know if it's KFC or
there's like a Texas chicken ruining my
blog
there see guys KFC is here about to eat
and if you guys let this is the problem
I have in londonium I love KFC and I
love spicy chicken and fries
in London they don't even have the spicy
chicken which I don't mind about that
but the spicy fries this stuff gets to
me like this is like heaven for me
heaven on earth yes you tomorrow morning
reaction yeah I get nosebleeds in my
nose sometimes bumps up if you guys
haven't seen or I do vlogs like it's not
too obvious but like I'll have like a
big bump on the side of my nose because
it smells up and it sometimes beats
alright guys I finished having my KFC
this is the end of the vlog hopefully
you guys enjoyed it bubbles obviously
enjoyed his KFC he's just sing now like
oh my god I had so much Nancy do you
bows but yeah for now this is going to
be the end of the vlog if you guys
enjoyed drop a thumbs up share with your
friends you guys have been going
absolutely ham with the thumbs up let's
try and get another hundred because
that's what you guys have been hitting
it's amazing thank you to all of you and
I read so many comments saying say my
name in your next log I just can't
remember your names and but I will
remember it next time so yeah see you
guys later peace out bye bye
