I'm currently just going basketball
we're going to the mall in like half an
hour meeting up with all my friends but
I needed to take a shower and my
sister's gonna take like an hour to get
ready anyways so I might as well come
play some basketball and I hate when
people look at me and makes me so shy
but I guess that's what comes to being a
blogger also I did this bumped last time
and I didn't really record my feet so
let me see if I can do it this time
oh yeah made it alright so I'm gonna try
and make a one-handed three-pointer shot
for you guys all over here ball in my
hand just so off all right so I've been
here for like 15 minutes and I know I'm
supposed to be back by 6 and if you guys
saw my clock it says like 2 or 4 to 3 or
whatever but that's gonna still on
London time and I need to change that
but ya need to be back in like 20
minutes but I probably gonna go a bit
early making my way back home alright we
home guys sweet home alright guys so I
just got home and all I need to check
for I still have the key where is this
cat where's the homeless cat let me go
actually checking my gardener cause it
might be there I'm scared I'm just gonna
jump at me if it is there
I know it's over there what's up man I
don't think you like the food no I'm
getting inside any mystic shower I'm
just gonna drop him some food outside
the window all right take a shower no
one's ready yet hopefully and I got back
15 minutes early just chilling at home
bolus is licking kitty but that's not
why I'm recording because he's gonna
bite her duck it's not nice bubbles and
then he licks her again now bite lick by
these guys crazy now they're gonna fight
okay you know we're breaking you up guys
nope nope don't want that okay no
timeout all right guys so we're about to
go Nando's for iftar you guys would have
seen it in real time on my Instagram not
to go with this baby I like taking
pictures of this car because I've
actually never so hear a bang picture
and vlog type of thing but yeah we're
gonna leave so I'm just gonna be gonna
go and take a picture for my sister's
Instagram for her and this cat look at
one bite corn really all of that food we
put up you know one bite but yeah I'm
gonna go take some pictures and we're
going to leave peace that was my
sister's vlogging
so maybe 2018 release
PS guys look what they did to our grass
this is apparently some soil that we
need for summer they would actually just
scattered it all over because apparently
water goes evaporates too fast and the
grass dies or something like that so we
needed it
they've done it across all of our grass
oh yeah look at that Lambos cover
actually like you in a cover I prefer it
like this cuz like outside the cover
just looks ugly let's go time to go the
Mall of Emirates
alright guys so we're on our way to Mall
of the Emirates and wow that car game
you look she's turning up in her car oh
my god I don't record it oh my god this
girl is turning up like she's raving
she's like alright anyways back on topic
as I was saying guys before I got
distracted by people next to me and all
the cars turning up and raving I'm gonna
stop doing vlogs inside of cars now I
think you guys know oh you wanna sit
okay no not the Lambo not the head
I just mean the Range Rover or just
generally in taxis or everywhere
wherever I am just gonna stop why that's
why I was gonna get to because I think
you guys don't want to see the scenery
anymore sure who said that I don't know
but like that's what you're just jumping
to conclusion let me know down in the
comment section guys if you guys want to
see me vlogging in cars on the way to
places or you just want to see music the
surrounding and be gain to the place so
that is something I want you guys to
comment for me if I'll see you
music and a couple of seconds peace I
didn't want to speak in that vlog I just
wanted to put my music and you have to
ruin it be ashamed of be a shame all
right guys after hours of searching I
was about 20 minutes we finally found
where we're supposed to be our friends
have been waiting there for ages I'm
sorry if you see this video recording
them back and forth saying that we can
see the ski dome which is that thing
that's the indoor ski basin to buy
through time then we can see it but why
do we go from here and it's obviously
it's hard on like the phone to know
where the person thing is exactly but
yeah we should be here soon yep our
destination is ahead all right guys I
forgot to put parking money in the car
I don't even park the car down you know
where it is so I'm gonna go outside you
can find the car
I think my sister said yes over there
okay I'll see you guys in a couple
seconds okay two hours is for Durham's
so you put it and I think okay just
getting my money back all right guys it
got my parking ticket let's go put it in
the car all right guys we got to the
mall as you can see we're parking now
we're gonna get out and go and do some
shopping I'm gonna look at a couple
computers today how was that yeah I'm
gonna see you guys inside the mall where
sliced yeah now you blog guys are
currently next to this war thing
it's really cool
guys right orchestra and I wanted to
show you the view it's really nice you
can see down there I'm scared I'm gonna
drop my camera I'm in the divine wall
and you can see behind me the beautiful
aquarium
and also if we come over here let me
just move over the candy store
that you can see over here we all know
frequently guys are next to the candy
store and look at this game it's like
you have to get the money or grab it and
then the wind blows it up
that is awesome
and he has to try his best to catch as
many as he can
it's pretty hard for a kid I guess so
they have this awesome thing they're
making
it's a massive piece of candy and
they're like chopping up but again to
these honey
oh yeah that's pretty awesome right
look at the awesome candy tree right
I'm getting lost in this store
let's take a walk let's see what we can
find
partying
life
about something
and I thought he was gonna give me
just asking when Isaac was sort of like
a couple
sounds like I gotta go excited no one's
ever been here alive for like
say hi
to just be
like you know a nice tree is not like
that but yeah we dance here go do some
shopping
guys I'm so bored I'm gonna fill out a
comment thing for this restaurant place
yeah let's get started
the finished filling out this little
survey
Moe vlogs additional comments here is my
additional comment my youtube channel
more vlogs advertising wherever I go
guys are currently
see
alright guys that is the end of the day
I'm going home with my fam you know
that's how we do had a good day at the
mall eat a lot that's pretty much all we
did just eat but making my way cool dumb
why do we still have these that we meant
to call us they put these things in the
bottom and my sister gave her side to me
and I just chucked it below my feet but
I'm gonna get rid of that and you guys
already can't see you much so I'm gonna
head the blog earpiece eyes we just got
home and look inside look inside do you
see him do you see bubbles he's I what
the hell bubble bubble can you see us
yes you can alright guys that is the end
of our day hopefully you enjoyed today's
vlog today's ending and yesterday's
ending are the exact same clothes cuz
I'm recording both them at once a lot of
times I actually forget to record outros
from our blogs which is really annoying
but yeah if you enjoyed today's look
I'll see you guys later peace out stones
bye bye family and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
peace
