good afternoon guys and welcome to
another vlog we're going to do buy more
work and if in a rush but we're taking
the Lambo which you guys always request
us to film and stuff so I'm going to put
the camera down
take off its cover and I'll see you guys
in a couple seconds stop recording
alright guys so it's go time I'm gonna
open the Lambo I think the door is open
yes it is there we go it's kind of hard
okay no it's not it's a lot yeah my
sister is going to come out now we're
going to leave we're kind of in a rush
so sorry if the beginning seems a bit
rushed
alright go time guys my sister's here
yeah actually opens hopefully there we
go I'm gonna go inside there's not going
to be any time for startups or anything
like that they camera down I think you
guys still got bring the start to be
honest it's loud wherever you are
I'm gonna get head ad
let's see how today goes and this is
pretty much just for you guys we were
planning on taking the Lambo vice
literally every comment I read as a car
I want to see more of the Lambo so here
is my sister is quickly going to the buy
more
alright guys so we're on our way to
divine mold and we're just cruising on
chef Tsai Road and I want to show you a
car over there it's a six series but
it's actually got a pretty nice color to
it you can see over there
so we're next to the Bible I was going
to show you Burj Khalifa that's all
coming saying I wanted to see it so why
not since we're going past and now let
me just mainly take the windows are
entering the divine wall ballet
just wow even this morning empty
it really is empty summer
yeah we're gonna go ahead turn we'll see
you guys in a couple minutes all right
guys were entering the mall that we just
got here and it is super super empty I
told you guys it would be and look at
this nice decoration thing I don't know
what it is but we're going to do what we
need to and I'm just going to keep
logging as always and look at these nice
doors Tiffany and Cole
I like the type of like decorations they
do on it
and I don't know what this is it looks
like some decoration hey I'll see you
guys in a couple minutes guys look at
this awesome decoration is actually
pretty cool we're currently sitting in
Paris gallery you can see we're just
sitting the seating area waiting for a
gift we want to get wrapped but we're
going to go ahead after that just
quickly I think it's
time to eat I think we can eat now as
well so I'm starving
going to go eat after that and look at
this cool little Paris calorie box
tissue box actually wanted that was a
personal yeah it has the logo but yeah
I'm staying here like this effort my
have a smell because all the proteins
here but no what kind of love myself
backwards guys I'm looking inside a beer
that is under an escalator look bit more
of a very true guys check this out
all of them people flying down that
horrible and that Hollister is also nice
so guys that is the end of our day at
the mall register on you're going to get
the car it's parked over there in the
valet section we're going home one more
time let me show you guys I think this
is like classical scripts and stuff like
that looks pretty cool it's like some
area over here you can walk in but we
need to go so I'm just going to go home
and John's going to record one second
off the car in the valley for you guys
and you know hope you guys are enjoying
these vlogs we're in the valet the car
is parked up front we're going to get
into it real soon
but yeah there it is for you guys March
straight outside I never come out with
the keys because I'm embarrassed upload
and they noticed a car like that we have
oh yeah my sister is going to come out
anytime soon one more shot for you guys
and yeah I'll see you guys soon
peace guys also look at this really nice
Mercedes I think this looks really cool
is all and then back there we have the
lamp now and relieving more divine board
I almost said more of them wrecks but
yeah it's been a long day today we have
to go the upper side we're friends now
alright guys so we finally got home and
walk okay that was a change of light
from reverse lights but you can see my
sister behind me reversing up into the
parking initially just with Gordon all
of you always comment Lambo Lambo wanna
see the Lambo know you're about to hit
but you do that one though right now I
know you can see it oh yeah here's
Lambeth fool if you want to see I like
it when the lights on it looks really
cool oh yeah just going home or anything
like that back onto me hope for the
outweigh I can flip the screen this is
what I love about this camera I can flip
the screen and see myself this is the
big proper camera I have I normally
actually I'm going to show you guys I
normally use this camera which is
literally like my cheapest camera oh
wait let me go help my sister what's
wrong
I think you just want our very twig or
something just go back and I'll see but
yeah I don't think it's anything
important I can't see anything visible
but I see your tires leaving marks I
should know both of them leave marks but
yeah as I was saying god I can't even
remember yeah I don't use a small camera
and I'm using the big camera nowadays to
record just because when I'm in the car
like no one really sees me so it's fine
play a
one more shot behind me damn son like
that it proper me alright yeah I'm gonna
see you guys once we do anything else or
inside because it's really hot and I
need to go inside peace lost yeah so
guys we are going to eat outside now
same vlog and look at the few lights oh
she made them go away but yet it has
these lights next to the car my guys are
kinda entering this
an Iranian restaurant in Jumeirah and
yeah it was pretty nice to show you guys
and I'll see you inside if I can record
so guys we're currently being in a
restaurant I wants to show you guys
while there's no one around I'm with my
mom and sister obviously home it's a
really nice place
I like the scenery I want to show you
guys yeah we're just having our stars
and when we got main course I'll
continue recording but yeah I just want
to get guys up to date and so you can
see the background and stuff like that
so we just had our meal and I wanted to
show you these little teapots we're just
having a bit of tea oh yeah they look
super cute and yeah this is also the
sugar that all of this that's super nice
we need to get something like this yeah
my sister's uploading your Instagram
photos yeah mums just chilling you know
she's been fasting today and she's very
like she was that hard all day you know
that's what she does
alright guys so as I say we're having a
dessert and stuff we will leave here
soon but you know I'm always 24/7 on job
on these blogs making sure you can see
everything you guys like my family now
oh there you guys also but YouTube is
now my family night I actually know so
many of your names guys you won't even
believe it like Nami Oh Drake jr.
everyone I actually watch all the
comments those are the only two that
came into my head at the moment but yeah
peace out family
the guys outside once again we just
finished eating and we're coming outside
to get some desserts you have to pick
outside apparently but yeah the food was
good I actually couldn't even eat much
because I was actually quite full but
yeah we'll see in a couple seconds so
guys we're getting into our car after
the camera yeah so we're going into our
car now we're going to leave and they
park it right outside the restaurant
which is a good thing but once we leave
I'm going to continue recording I need
to get the corn I've got a load of
takeaway I literally I couldn't eat no
one could eat that long so yeah anyways
guys I just got home hopefully you
enjoyed today's vlog just sitting here
going to edit my newest blog for you
guys because this one is old it's like
two days old oh my god daily vlogs
didn't happen I'm sorry I'm just gonna
release as many as I can but yeah if you
enjoyed this video drop a like subscribe
share with your friends and I'll see you
guys next time peace out bye bye
