what is everyone so we're starting
today's vlog on the trampoline our voice
today is going to be one of those fun
vlogs because we've decided to go to the
beach with my new electric scooter
hi guys Lana's gonna do a backflip to
start off today's vlog three two one Oh
as I said right now we're taking this
electric scooter to the beach I mean
just look at this thing it literally is
the coolest thing I've ever seen
and I know it doesn't look like a sewer
but you want to see it transform yeah
guys check this out okay but you're
gonna do like a time lapse where you
take your boat what that's it oh my gosh
I was expecting more work it nobody sees
that let's go let's go this cool it
looks like a golfing equipment oh yeah
scooter is beach time let's go
so right now we are going around the
back y'all holy moly so there you go
that has been electric scooter along the
beach that is Fonda screaming so much
you guys you emit like guys she
accidentally pressed the brake button we
flipped over that would have been
embarrassing
anyways honestly guys I love the view
right now we're next to the beach but
look at the sunset right now oh that is
beautiful
oh that time lapsed oh yeah oh my god
look at the drifting bro look at that
drift whoa hi so we are about to test
the off-road capability of this scooter
you ready yeah okay not bad bro not bad
they're your boys that has been our
electric scooter a ton of fun but we are
going somewhere else right now okay
so you guys know the Motor Show you went
to yesterday apparently they also have
like a watch show going on with a super
expensive watching ching bling bling
dollar dollar you guys guys guys guys
guys guys they have a watch show and I'm
talking about million dollar watch it's
like 3 million 4 million 5 million so
we're gonna go check some out you ready
yeah Lana what are you doing right now
senpai teach me teach me my sister's
coming down we just took the coolest
Instagram picture if you want to check
it out follow this count
larner oh seven eight six yeah we're
gonna say goodbye to this amazing view
let's go do some what shopping yeah
so we're back at a trade center but this
time we've come to see luxury watches
but before we go there's some cool cars
there one of the flashing made of Lego
you have to see this oh my god so guys
this is a Porsche gt3 RS made out of
Legos and then across it is the real
thing what this is so so cool
so apparently to make it to this place
you have to walk down this blue carpet
have you lost it mom hello as you got a
kid just it's wait what what did you see
that there are these guys the diamond
buildings you know like jewelry section
I'm going to dress for that guys that is
a diamond boxing glove whoa okay guys so
we made it here to the diamond section
yeah okay so the craziest thing is
actually over here you can buy bags full
of diamonds yeah and just get like
custom-designed guys check this out they
literally have bags and bags of diamonds
over here look at this I've never seen
so many diamonds in a packet yo listen
okay I'm not trying to get anybody's
minds into thinking anything I don't
think he knows yeah if I was also robbed
somewhere it probably would be here oh
my God look at that one then it was a
look what it is there's gorgeous I like
that so watch is embedded inside like
a rock yeah if you can see that the
watch is actually inside the Sapphire or
whatever is I'm Marshall oh my goodness
look at these watches over here so if
you can see these are all blinged out
with diamonds and look at the price tags
600,000 700,000 and then 1.2 million for
that bad boy so right now we just made
it to the watch jackpot okay they're
actually gonna be bringing us some
Richard knows to try on it and I'm
telling you like 1 million dollar
watches ok that's expensive one over
here guys this is $800,000 in my hand so
this is the first watch over here this
is a Richard note $800,000 this is one
of my favorites over here it's like the
full diamond Richard mill if you guys
can see that how much is this one that
is two hundred thousand US dollars it
sounds weird to say but this one's
actually pretty cheap compared to the
other so everything over here we're
talking about like maybe three million
dollars right here on disabled guys when
do you run so right now I'm wearing the
watch that the Dow wore himself right
now my hand is worth $700,000 790 okay
so as if the watches weren't enough
right now they're showing us earrings
worth almost two million dollars are you
ready Jona wear it guys check it out
sorry this is 35 carats each yes total
of 70 carats on your 70 carats on your
ears oh my god guys my sister has a 1
million dollar earring right now bro
I'd literally cut somebody's ear off for
that I'd like 1 million dollars boom
take me total of 70 carats like each 35
captain's you guys you know one carat is
like Wow
imagine having 35 carat on your ear does
like you I would be 10 security guards
well yeah there you go that has been the
watch and diamond stores honestly they
have like a whole exhibition over here
beautiful like diamonds in the sky we're
beautiful like diamonds in the sky if
only they gave us the diamond for your
singing
yeah I know you guys might think we're
crazy but it never rains in Dubai it
look at that
just to show you look it's actually
raining can you see that look at the
floor so right now he came to the
outdoor area they have and they're
testing all of the four-wheel drives and
bringing it down that slope
oh it's raining
oh my god come on you got this one yeah
on the vlog on the lug oh my god no no
need your help back on what did that go
are you ready go
that's not what I told you to say I told
you to say whoa the thing is and I've
not told anybody tomorrow I'm flying out
the country guys basically I'm gonna
explain one thought you guys later on
but for now we're actually gonna go have
some dinner with our friends but
tomorrow I'm actually leaving to buy it
but stay tuned because some fun things
are happening right oh boy so we are
finally back home right now and I
actually need to talk to you guys about
something which I don't really want to
talk about but I feel like it needs to
be said now the topic is people coming
to my house like fans or people that
watch the videos now honestly this is
not something I wanted to ever talk
about because I see a lot of other
youtubers talk about this topic and I
always find it so like douchey but I
understand where they're coming from
because I'm going through the same
problem so I feel like I just judged
them way too quickly I'm gonna try and
say this is like the nicest way possible
because as I said I don't want to make
this video sound douche or anything but
please please please guys if you want to
meet me just do not come to my house I
mean if I'm out in public I love you
guys I'm more than happy to take a
billion selfies okay here but please
guys do not come to my house and the
reason I'm saying this guys honestly
it's created like a lot of issues and
the couple of incidents have actually
happened where people are trying to
climb our wall and I don't know if
they're fans or they're not fans but
regardless I feel like you don't climb
anybody's wool like I understand you
guys might be trying to see me but how
would you feel if somebody was climbing
into your garden and like breaking into
your house like it just does not make
any sense guys so because of that I'm
gonna say please if you're watching this
any of you
I know 99% of you have not come to my
house it came but for the 1% that might
be coming or trying to come just don't
anyways besides from that situation
let's talk about some good
which is I'm doing an iPhone X giveaway
and I'm actually gonna announce the
winner in about three days
so if you guys want to enter to win that
that is the lost giveaway I'm doing for
this month all you need to do is
subscribe and comment why you want to
win it easy as that guys so if you want
to win a brand new iPhone X the same one
I was using in my video just subscribe
just subscribe to the channel
but yeah here's the thing as I mentioned
tomorrow I'm actually gonna be flying
out from Dubai for one day I'm going to
back rain for the first time ever I've
actually never been there guys so yeah
tomorrow we're gonna be flying so pretty
much tomorrow flying guys so wish me
luck and I'll see you on tomorrow's
video I love you guys Galliano
