alright guys good morning welcome to
another vlog today me my mom says they
are going to one of my mom's friends
houses we're not going to be there for
too long so I decided to just to join
them for the car trip and yeah
we'll continue vlogging today and see
how today's goes hopefully stays a bit
longer but I need to get one of my
watches and so I to show you guys my
little watch collection thing I have
over here and it's hard to open with one
hand and yeah which one should I wear
today a laughing I'll go for black yeah
that's the best one yeah once I get this
on because I can't wear a lot heard that
continue like so guys I want you to make
them look longer today so I'm plugging
in the car on our way but you guys know
stuff up school yeah demise on YouTube
this is actually where it's thing is I
don't know if you guys can see through
that but yeah we can surely live like
five minutes away from if he does like
far rapping he doesn't like everyone
famous people for photos but yeah just
five minutes away from us and that's
cream who I've actually never been there
to see as cars
if you guys know I'm on YouTube you
should know your apps like amazing cars
and this works pretty good 23 all right
guys we're making our way to our friends
house my mom's friend
I live where we after walk through time
some little alleyway forest and it's
spooky as no I can just imagine like
some type of box or dog run jumping out
and trying to buy us but yeah it looks
really nice I shouldn't I love this
light blue like forest I don't think
yeah hopefully it's not too windy it
always is on that vlog but if it is then
I'm sorry you guys had to pretty much
deal with it because I'm looking to have
too much footage yeah we'll see you once
we leave this space and yeah I'm not
gonna video that obviously cuz it's
kinda rude so I'll see you guys after an
selfie game strong dog yeah it's very
nice place
guys were entering our mansion I'm
joking guys they're leaving our friends
house but as far as this villa has a
nest and Martin we're just using this
place in victory to turn around around
the road you can see oh yeah I had an
Aston mind I don't think a ticket
properly but it's got some nice gate so
I decided to vlog it because anyway
there's a photo in g-tron yeah but we're
going to go to town buy some food maybe
do some other stuff so I'll vlog that
for you guys it's actually really hot in
London I don't know how
alright guys I just got home hopefully
you guys enjoyed today's video and I'll
see you guys another day with another
blog peace out
