the past few days every time I come to
make a vlog I just don't like how my
footage ends up and I figured out why
because every time I watch the clips
over I just speaking there's something
wrong with my hair so today I've decided
to go get a haircut also if you guys
haven't realized already this is my
table where I do most of my work on and
it is a complete mess
I was devising literally for an hour or
so today okay on this line and forty
nine ten minutes but I decided you know
what I'll just go quickly get a haircut
and they'll be my vlogs better but
before I go I need to have a shower and
since I'm gonna have a shower or why not
do some push-ups thing gets all my
business back not bad one and you guys
said Lana wand all right let's go get
this hair color
you know what why get a haircut when I
can do myself will it work so my head
why just didn't was gonna turn out so my
head why do students gonna turn out so
sick I don't know how it's gonna turn
out one till I get home and edit it my
hope funny is good so yeah so I just got
home I wanted to end today's blog with a
little update basically if you guys
didn't know already I am au student by
amending my example on the 19th so I
wanted to keep you guys off of date from
the 19th I will probably do many more
videos and hopefully you guys will enjoy
more videos like this but yeah if you
guys enjoyed this video please do drop a
like and I would appreciate that see you
guys soon peace
