yo guys what is up over here and welcome
to another video today I'm with my
sister and you can tell it today's video
is going to be a bit different just from
my angle over the video today I actually
have a challenge video it might not come
across that way actually ruin the title
but basically you might not know what's
going on we're gonna be taking these
glasses let me show you a close-up
these are cinema glasses 3d glasses
wherever you live they're very cheap
stuff in a time few guys that do this is
my home me and my sister are both
getting two pairs that we have five
minutes for each pair I got I got these
of the cinema and some of my sister had
ready to go and we're going to be using
my sister's nail varnish to paint them
and design them and we're going to get
five minutes for each one and see who
gets the best designs three two one
the time is over guys over time because
she could say that I made something
really nice because you stick these two
on the context of time extra five
minutes each ass over again
whoa I've made my own fashion a few
moments late it's hard to stick this on
you just took a short kind of dirt on
all right guys what was a five minute
challenge to come bit longer but we are
finally done and you guys are the judges
I can put in to my sister than one he's
taking a selfie this Michael Instagram
but we will give you the close-up so
this is for you guys to judge let's ma
do our own piece of work this was my
second one I made an extra time just a
clean look Y at the top this is not my
original one but yeah this is a bonus
one I made so this is the I would say
the Chanel look or I don't know what do
what you call that
okay Chanel's won this this is my
masterpiece give you a right close up
this is the M brand tell me what you
think I think I did a good job and I had
heard my sister to show you her one
piece that
forever no it didn't take forever just
ten more minutes because I use paper I
had to cut it out alright it's a bit
longer than I expected it to be but
anyway I just put a little paper in the
corner and just designed it I was gonna
Desai's but he didn't let me can he said
I took too long so yeah you actually
who's gonna vote who's the winner guys
let's get close up off both you guys
decide who the winner is when the
designer is shopping down you sure the
Lana Rose collection again
is the M collection is your prototype it
will not be as long like this it'll be a
little bit shorter so anyways guys
hopefully you enjoyed this video you
guys go ahead and try and make something
at home you can hours on my sister's
Instagram it should be down below
and if we like it enough who knows will
repost it on our instagrams but yeah for
now if you did enjoy this video drop a
like and yeah leave suggestions of
videos to come in the future
peace
