all right guys we're we just walked up
to the valet desk we had a couple
questions about the other values to see
what they are on this video all these
cars because all of them are quite nice
to do this you have to just pick up the
Lambo which is kind of an attraction if
you can see over there there's loads of
people piled around it so yeah I
probably going to start recording it's
kind of rationing I might continue once
I guess oh yes all right guys it's gonna
get
hey my sister addiction is about they
don't care don't care
oh and eventually a biopic
yeah there is
okay guys I'm gonna go get in the car
then yeah that's the big ie and that's
guys we just got to the carwash place
you've given the car into wash only see
my sister drinking her water it's a
really nice place I'm gonna show you and
let me lift up my camera behind me you
can see a Ferrari four or five eight a
covered Lamborghini in a Beemer and over
there there's a Maybach in a Lamborghini
and then our Lamborghini so yeah it's a
really nice place
now could be I had to shoot to my death
to Ferrari yeah I don't think there's
much more cars as a me back over there
then we tried to mentor you guys as a
baby
and yet back to the main line
guys here we have a Bentley GT which
looks really amazing for exhaust
two-digit plate number and yeah it looks
really nice so guys at the moment were
in the Emirates lounge and I came past
this section it looks really nice and
yeah it's like the spinning globe thing
with what looks really cool so I want to
show you guys and yeah you can see our
little days but it's really nice in this
area like the seating area yeah that's
what I want to show you guys peace
