does anyone vlog in this country yo guys
what is somewhere here and welcome to
another vlog now today's vlog is gonna
be in global village hence the title I'm
gonna turn around the camera basically
at some theme park place but we've part
two really far just because it's so busy
and the skies very definitely like I'm
crazy because no one vlogs in this
country but yeah basically I'm just
going to be showing you around cuz we're
just literally going there not for the
rights or anything cuz we've been here
like loads of times before but we're
going there to look at the markets and
stuff because they go like each country
and stuff based on every country
basically but yeah I'm going to show you
what's there and you know hopefully you
guys enjoy peace guys one of these old
cool things I'm with my honest I don't
know if you guys see it's kind of magic
yeah we're making our way slowly global
village as you can see and yes I'll be
there quicker than they expected right
guys so we're just in global village we
just finished off in India you can see
it there we were inside there and yeah
my sister monthly to be looking around
and I found this place which looks great
yeah that's like Joey I'm trying to bid
it's like fortunes are up and
fortunately for replicas but I don't
know what it is but I decided to shoot
them with anyways for you guys to see
and hopefully I could do more vlogging
my mom and sister are standing way too
far away from me because they decided
embarrassing but yeah I must see you
with more clips
all right guys Brad now dumped with
Global Village we looked around a little
bit but it was hot when we couldn't be
bothered anymore so he just ended up
leaving now
hopefully the clips I got were enough
for you guys to enjoy it I think I got
like two minutes worth of clips I'm
guessing I don't even know I'm just
going to go home and edit what happened
but yeah I hope you guys aren't doing
the videos and I'll see you guys in more
videos soon peace
