welcome to another video I'm going to
get straight into it we're taking out
the Lambo today hence the title of the
video we're gonna take off its cover
which my sister has got it she's over
there and are you gonna start from the
back or the front ok so they won't see
much I'm just gonna go ahead round and
yes so I think I need to put in our hand
so shop with the camera here oh you can
take off the back while I record it yeah
there we go the Rings are out already
the red brake callipers as well and I've
actually never really shown them the
back there we go there's a plate number
and exhausts and damn this has not been
driven for a while and the reason why
she put on the case is basically or the
cover is basically because when you wash
it you don't want dust to go on it and
basically she doesn't really use it that
often so she washes it puts the cover
over and yeah that's how it looks fresh
you washed it right before you put the
cover on it right yeah she took it for
the proper wash from some company they
do like it's like a two hour wash and
grease and whatever they do but yeah
that's why it looks so clean and yeah
we're going to divide more with it today
and wait let me get the front view so
they don't miss out and this is actually
going to be the thumbnail of the video
unleashing the Beast Lamborghini Huracan
but yes I'll stop recording and come
help you get the rest
just bend over
and yeah damn that looks amazing I
actually forgot nice this car looks like
I think the last time I was here was
five months ago and damn let's try and
get a good thumbnail for the video
that's the one yes so we're going to buy
more and even though look I'll show you
guys the windscreen even though it was
washed right before this was on it you
can see all this sand here but yeah
we're going to take this out see how it
goes also I'm doing my car spotting
video today we're going to go to valet
obviously so it's going to be a few nice
cars I'm guessing right yes there's
going to be a lot of nice cars like this
one so I'm just going to literally go
around like I'm doing now and taking
videos off them so yeah let's see how it
goes anyway let's open up the car what
you need help I bury back guys in one
second guys this is how you packed off
the cover for the Lamborghini and put it
in a garbage bag
all right yeah basically it gets dusty
sleepin in a garbage bag and we put it
inside so here's a car fully on covered
or Unleashed as the video title just get
a full round clip off it for you guys
once again my sister has gone inside to
get a microfiber cloth my thing to wipe
the back or the windscreen however is so
she'll be out in just a couple of
seconds or get in turn on the car and ya
go and record the rest of the video I
guess so what are you doing now
this is wiping cool sign yeah we to be
honest you can't really roll up to
Valley with a dirty car no it's got sand
on it so I don't use your wipers because
you can stick to and come back you know
I'm in a video not video I mean I'm
going to label the next video people who
somehow don't believe that girls are
allowed to drive and device that's what
is going to be girl Lamborghini driver
Dubai and by the way guys for those of
you who asked we don't drive barefoot I
saw I think two comments in the comment
section saying drive bare foot and
that's a no also thanks for off the
other feedback you guys have left it's
really nice to read it they're funny and
some of them are not so funny but yeah
let's go okay guys a correction once I
turn up the camera my sister was like
basically she drives barefoot when she's
wearing heels because it's uncomfortable
obviously and I just thought if she's
wearing here today yesterday so it's
gonna be driving a Lamborghini barefoot
that's how we roll out here oh yeah are
you done wiping the car alright guys
this is the startup
Oh
Oh see me well it to me
guys are back our favorite place to
green light
Oh
like yeah cuz I think I've swerved in
front of you so you don't want to hit
him
let's see hard side
all right is anyone coming
another check-in video gave you
though they can accomplish it to our
because it starts bouncing uh
green light
the guys we are parking I'm not sure
today is probably going to end up being
two or three videos in one my sister's
party now as you can see and it's kind
of like a tight partnership very between
there but yeah we had a full-on race I
think I'll make that separate video a
full-on race with a I don't know what
the Mustang was on but it was on some
steroids just killed our ears it was so
loud you guys will see in the footage
but yeah that's going to be one separate
video and I don't want to wake anyone up
hoping you guys can see me so I'm just
gonna go stand in front of the Lambos
like but yeah I had a full-on race with
that that's going to be one video and
probably a vlog for another video or
something like that so yeah so here's
the rear view from backing the car up
but yeah it was a really good day today
hopefully you guys enjoyed
damn line literally I was like slow down
it because I when we go that fast I'm
scared of my life that's up to her oh
yeah though we go alright we don't go
too fast
well Rev we don't go that fast any
reason but hope you guys enjoyed the
video again that's the final shot for
you guys off the car I did actually no
that's the third video I made i also
made a cost point video so yeah that's
going to be three videos in one day I
just need to edit them all out let's
face this way so the lights don't flare
out my footage but yes you guys so peace
out bye
