hey you guys What's Up mo here welcome
to my first vlog in Dubai now I'm going
out right now so I'm just going to go
ahead and show you guys Kitty and
bubbles key on top and bubbles at the
bottom I'll make other videos with them
but for now I'm going out and my sister
and mum are picking me up in like a
minute or so so I'm just going to go and
head outside maybe you guys can see how
the Weber's life it's actually really
really hot there way actually I need the
keys let me try and find the keys
without this me too embarrassing okay
Hortons outside that's a good thing so
I'm going to go ahead and lock the door
I don't want to do that is up yeah
that's good the door is locked I've got
everything on me and there's some
workers outside so I'm just going to go
ahead and wait right behind this and
yeah then we go ahead and show you guys
the lamb both in a cover looks pretty
cool once my mum and sister get here
I'll show you from the front but yeah
I'm kinda I was supposed to be revising
now but I just needed to really can't
learn everything that the sun's that way
okay that's what I get there whenever I
come to pick up a book or whatever I
just get bored to hell when just
watching videos and procrastinate and
stuff so yeah and that's why I was like
I can't pick me up and I'm just clothes
shopping with you guys or whatever like
food shopping I think anyways but yeah
once they get here I'll continue
recording and see you guys in a bit so
guys as you guys can see my mom and
sister are coming to pick me up yep
there we are
they they come they literally just gave
me a missed call and they came to pick
me up so and then it can't be funny
what's up I'm going to go ahead and get
in and I'll see you guys with the rest
of the vlog I think
the car and the door is locked on me
that's not nice
wow it's so packed in here you know I
was outside for like a couple of minutes
laughing yes in my hand hey guys I'll
continue recording once I'm at the
supermarket or ever and yeah see you
guys that peace guys you wanted
car-spotting there's a Maserati and I'll
try to record it I just had to go around
the corner quickly the cost point number
one Maserati oh yeah half a second
course boy yeah that's all you get guys
so guys are back from shopping I just
wanted to quickly show you the front of
the cover and that's how it looks it
looks pretty awesome but when we decide
to go out with it I'll show you outside
I'm wrapping it and I'll probably call
it like unleashing a ball or something
like that something stupid like I always
do but yeah see you guys later peace
guys for people who want to do
car-spotting despite my first car a
Porsche 911 it's not that special but
you know what I'll take it
alright guys next car in the car spying
mister Corvette to be honest this ain't
really a good car but it looks decent I
guess for some people so yeah car number
two
alright guys I just got into the ball I
wanted to show you this car since you
guys did say go car fighting this is
actually a pretty nice let me try and
get focused on this Porsche Cayenne or
wait is it a Cayenne I think so but yeah
I just wanted to add that to the clip so
yeah we see you in a bit guys here's the
front off the car guys next cars played
in front of us you can see a Maserati
imagine the guy looking is very rear
view and saying what the hell is this
guy doing but yet that's like number
four in the list I'm doing good guys I'm
doing good
alright guys if you enjoyed the video
till now please do drop a like and if
you guys want to see a proper car
spotting video please comment down in
the comment section below
that you want to see one if I get enough
comments I will go out and do a proper
corresponding video for you guys showing
you better cars and better
focuses on the cars because I just did
one like literally I was in the car when
I was filming these other guys but if I
get enough comments I will go out in
valets and make markings and find the
really really good cars like Ferraris
and Lamborghinis I'm peace
