what is up everyone how are you doing hi
boys and girls welcome back to another
vlog I hope you're all having amazing
beige so today we actually have a bunch
of stuff we need to get done first
things first we actually need to go to
the post office because apparently we
have a really big box in the fan-man
carboy so we are here at the post office
it's time to go and get our package
let's do this alright so check it out
boys this is the box we got it's massive
that's right we're back in action it's
as I told you today we have come back
over to the Dubai Motor Show the thing
is yesterday I barely showed you any of
the crazy stuff like they have a lot of
crazy stuff today so right now they're
bringing us the VIP badges so we can go
and show you some cool stuff
the phone
I wished I had
check out what's up baris so as you can
see this is the line of hyper cars I'm
talking about we have four Bugattis in
this line even more special is this the
laferrari Aperta
this car is currently being sold for
like 7 million dollars which is like 26
million dirhams in our money
it's insane so right now we are about to
start up the laferrari Aperta let's see
how this bad boy sounds
oh my god oh my god we just made a whole
crowd I think we made a lot of noise
guys let's go okay so here's the thing
all of the cars over here are actually
going to be coming over to the super
sprint event at the end of the year and
look at this they have a bag full of
keys
this bag is probably worth like a
hundred million oh you got you got the
Koenigsegg key inside here you got the
laferrari everything you can imagine is
inside that bag so if that bag goes
missing all of these cars yeah you have
no key to them you got the carbon-fiber
Bugatti over here you are the
carbon-fiber p1 I mean just just look at
all of these bad boys I'm just ignoring
all of like the Lamborghinis and other
stuff because when you have more
Bugattis I'm sorry
like Lamborghini or cool Ferrari you're
cool but like and I know bukhari don't
oh my god no no not again the killer
challenge right now me and my mum are
quickly walking around checking out
everything they have as I said this is a
very very big Motor Show like we can
literally walk for hours and hours and
there's cars everywhere but right now
let me take you over to some tanks so
this behind me is the calming cake now
in case you guys are wondering it's a
new car that's been made and I'm about
to show you the most luxurious and beast
of a car you've ever seen this car is
over three million dollars guys and let
me show you why all right let's go so
look at how the door opens and welcome
to this monster oh my god wow wow wow
wow wow yeah literally I have no idea
what to say this interior on a car like
this is absolutely amazing the thing is
you can do anything you want with this
car like you can order it fully
bulletproof if you want to do so at the
press of a button an iPad actually comes
out oh my god
that is amazing oh I've never seen
anything like this in my life guys Wow
so you literally just used this whole
center console to control everything to
shake this now we're gonna present one
button are you kidding me
you press one button and your own
personal iPad system comes out right now
at the push of a button you have a
coffee machine maker and then check this
out look oh my god so the cool thing is
you can actually control the colors you
can control the mouse stars the lighting
everything inside this car is like on
another level right now okay well there
you go that is the Kerman King listen
this car is an absolute beast I'm not
sure if you saw the features on the
inside because the camera go a little
bit blurry oh wow
okay I think I'm in love right now look
at this GTR oh my god hi boys so here is
a gold GTR so right now this is insane
this is the first GTR I've seen like
this in my life and this is actually a
one of one and they've engraved the body
so if you can see the design this is all
engraved onto the body of the GTR and it
looks insane oh my God look at this
that is crazy I just want to touch it
just look so nice it just looks so
amazing so as I've already said like the
whole body on this car has actually been
hand engraved by a guy anyways that is
amazing honestly I'm actually kind of
speechless right now
there's nothing I can say to justify
this car right now maybe trying out
these really cool electric bikes
insane guys check this out I'm really
bad at controlling this but it's
actually pretty boss this is the owner
the maker the founder everything gotta
be charged that they turn everything
electric and he said he might even turn
my Ferrari into an electric Ferrari yes
hi guys so I'm not sure how to say this
but Markus kindly gave me one of his
electric bikes to keep that's it and he
turned me electric today I am taking
this home so pretty much you invented
this right yes holy moly so this is
fully electric batteries inside I can't
use no way two batteries yeah look oh
and you can just remove the batteries so
if you if you check in at the end like
this yeah security maybe I asked you to
remove the batteries and the other so it
has double the charge yes we are able to
work that out in hotels because there's
bluetooth inside and GPRS so we can
monitor where the devices are floating
guys that is amazing another thank you
to him listen he's smart he invented a
charge and everything so check them out
they're gonna be everywhere sooo thanks
again I appreciate it
I have an electric scooter now that's
awesome hi so right now the event is
actually over if you can see behind me
it's completely empty and I'm here over
time but I need to show you this car
check it out BAM this is actually a
brand new car that just came out it
launched here I think and it's amazing
yo listen I know I told you I'm the only
one here but we have a savage you're
Scott what is huh we're we're the only
ones in here how do you know are you
gonna stay
I like that are you go that way I'll go
this way I shouldn't be sincere
I go so there you go that has been the
second day of the marshal for now we're
heading out look we are the lost people
in the car park I don't know how we
ended up leaving lost but let's go and
it's time
this is also Victoria's Secret nice oh
we got matching gifts
so it seems to be like you got a cream
now now it's time for blogs is gift so
you ready yeah are you kidding me oh no
no oh oh B yo Oh what does the owl say
okay in case you guys don't know I
really love Drizzy Drake and his stuff
oh wait I did not know they have polos
in ovios whoops damn thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you
this is amazing now what is this
we don't know it's looks like there's a
usb on it to be used together both boxes
work together dinner
what is that it's a digital brain I
guess this is family photos on a USB
what's happened here species Oh what are
you kidding me
three two one boom ha that's not family
no wait wait no that's not us lookout
cute me Ilana look what we're kids the
pretty much I don't know why the USB is
not working right now but thank you so
so much for sending this in we're gonna
play around with it and look look at
this it rotates it actually rotates
whichever way you want it visually thank
you to bass for sending this in I really
appreciate it ba guys right now it is
late at night we just go home and it's
time to sleep huh what are you doing
picking your nose I'll see you tomorrow
for another epic video make sure if
you're new around here subscribe click
the notification bell and if you want to
win an iPhone X all you need to do is
yeah just just be a subscriber it's just
super easy guys I love you I'll see you
guys tomorrow
and as always Jana Jana
