hi guys I said the morning not quickly
you wanted to show you what bubbles is
doing he's being so cute right now yeah
we're trying to take pictures of
something literally we need to take
pictures of the capture the sizing and
this guy will not stand up come on let's
go there's gonna be literally as soon as
you tried to lift them up you just
thought you're rolling oh I'm trying to
get you together oh people said oh come
on be a good boy
no but anyways guys I didn't introduce
today's vlog good morning this is day
two of my daily vlogs hopefully this
keeps going the vlog that's going to be
uploaded today which is that means
greatly check the day I think it's
Tuesday now Wednesday yeah Wednesday
should be really good that's going to be
the first one so yeah
yesterday's long hopefully was awesome I
found it awesome I don't know why where
the outside sunny as normal yep there we
go and this morning I was actually up
and I was up like 7 o'clock and I came
downstairs sat on my laptop and
literally I just saw like a face coat by
the window and I forgot it was the
gardener and I just like scared me so
much but yeah once you do something
today I'm continue blocking but for now
our struggles are here with this little
man good bubbles
what's up powers what's up say hi to the
vlog stop grooming yourself listen we
need to work alright guys I'm gonna go
and we're going to get this guy off here
alright so we gave up with the cap
through started off with the chair
basically what we're doing today is we
need to get our furniture wrapped
because of these guys looks like we had
to put all of this year because they
absolutely cared the sofa you can see a
bit here like we can't stop them but we
want to prevent it for the future so
they just can't completely mess it up so
take out one chair we just need to get
the sizing on that so we can get a quote
on how much they're going to charge to
wrap it and basically see how big it
needs to be what color we should get I
think you should be white anyways
okay now you want to move guys I wanted
to show you a gift I got for my sister
when I was coming yeah I saw this in
Harrods and it looks pretty cool right
it's like it was this thing and inside
it I had these chocolate heels think it
was good for a girl that likes shopping
so much so yeah that's why I got all
right guys so we took off all of the
stuff my couch and you can see how it
looks like without all of that mess on
it so that's why we need a proper cover
to make it look as nice as it should be
so I'm going to help my sister measure
this up and yeah let's go I see food
challenge oh i spiced up your basket
this is not Tabasco this fire size my
sister just poured a load of that I just
wanna be drops is burning I've tried
about all the time in London it's not
like this
how do you feel my food well that's
great good alright guys so I've pretty
much made myself a little photo shoot at
the moment it's not going to be here
obviously but I've got all my things I
need especially this camera I'm going to
go outside and take a photo the photo is
pretty much going to be identical to my
thumbnail for my last video so you'll
see me do that in a couple seconds now
alright guys so as I might have said and
sorry for the wind if it's going through
so as I might have said I'm doing a
small little photo shoot today
with the car and you can see the cameras
up there but basically I'm doing that
for my channel art
get my channel art
to get a good shot I told my sister to
move the car in front and little layout
is going to go back story for the very
loud noise
I can't even hear you
oh yeah she needs to move but no before
God is really hot Monday with nothing
else I go bit forward please
you guys do not believe how high I go
bit more
bit more go bit more hi that's it
I started calling it back
Jonica of it back yeah alright I should
be fine I should be fine
bye quick I'm boiling ice can you see
how much I'm sweating like it's
ridiculous I'm going to cut the blood so
we can quickly do this bar see you guys
in a couple of seconds all right guys
that is a wrap hopefully we got enough
or hopefully it was enough pretty much
to do the channel art because the
channel art needs to be like thin so
hopefully we took the shots thin enough
if we didn't then I guess we'll just
have to chuck some parts of it out like
the wheels or the top I know we'll see
how it goes I'm completely sweating
let's take away the tripod and
everything else but I'll see you guys
after this I might even go take a shower
I'm not too sure oh yeah
hopefully this makes my channel a bit
better a bit more presentable and yeah
see you guys in a couple seconds alright
guys so as you can see these are the
photos I think I should pick one of
these just see which one comes out best
for my channel art oh that looks pretty
cool but I don't think that will fit
because the channel art needs to be
something like very horizontal and long
but I'll see in a couple seconds once I
picked a new guys probably would have
seen it on my channel before this video
is out anyways guys so I just uploaded
it and it fit itself perfectly and then
I'm going to go ahead and show you this
is what it looks like I think that looks
pretty awesome tell me what you guys
think I look like I came out pretty
decent here you can see my face you can
see everything to be honest guys look at
ki she's under the thing under the table
that's a better shot for you guys what
are you doing under that what you do
I used it up now I'm sorry I'm so I'll
give you a load all right guys so I'm
currently outside in the garden every
bump some of my opens pretty much we
want to bring the cats outside and I
went and opened the door on the side i
chosed I mean a lot there so that's my
mom she dug leave it work for me
all right this is such a heavy North
actually not barging right so that is
kitty on her leash basically the only
reason we put them on a leash is because
if they run away they will not come back
because pretty much you need to have
cats for like at least I think three
months there you need to have them for
at least three months before they learn
the smell of the house but they really
want to be outside but whatever they
have this leash thing on they just like
try and just run back in because they
just don't feel safe with that in a way
it's like an insecurity they have but we
need to get them used to coming back so
bring them outside let them learn the
smell and that type of stuff see you
later guys this is mo vlogs and I want
to say bye-bye to all of you how are you
doing peace on the streets Sun look at
them so guys I just uploaded this vlog
in 11 minutes ago and it's already 11:00
news hopefully you guys enjoyed that
blog to be honest I think it was one of
my better blogs I'm not going to say
best because I can't really judge my own
vlogs but yeah we're literally getting
ready to go run me and my sister are so
I'm going to get a couple of clips
running I need to change out my pajamas
I'm literally always in John's here and
I don't know it just makes me look like
I'm always wearing the same thing but
just always my pajamas alright guys
everyone is finally ready I'm ready look
at my clothes hopefully I'm not holding
a two-bed got everything on me let me
hold it this way
trainers shorts white t-shirt I'm about
to run and literally I promise you I'm
already sweating and I have not
and look how dark is outside so I'm
going to try a blog try and do that
lightness boosting that blows up the
quality for a bit of eclipse guys yeah
we don't know where we're kind of going
to but we found an alleyway so what is
the best thing to do walk in a dark
alleyway that's the best thing yeah
obviously is safe and davai
but I see some war that's the only
reason we're walking there and you guys
probably can't see us to see in a second
all right guys we got to the lake no
feeding thank you for not feeding and
you guys probably can't see much I
thought we came for a run okay I was
here looking at dark and later on then
oh my gosh you're lost already
we've just been out here for like three
minutes and me and my selfie game strong
I can't stop eating me catch me if you
can catch me if you can you guys are so
slow all right guys the police have
stopped us as a helicopter with lights
on us put your hands up
no I'm just kidding there's a flippin
lamppost here I swear you're you guys
are so guys look at that view it's so
nice a chef's side road did the
buildings at night you guys can't see it
too well but it looks very nice guys we
just finished our run hopefully you can
see us and this is a possible quarry
right next to us site in our area and
that is this very cool
yeah we're just here basically to check
what time it's open until so yeah after
that we're going to go home and I'll
finish the vlog there all right guys so
we just got home you can see we actually
did run I am sweating so much I released
today's blog and you guys loved it
that's the one that got you guys on the
scene before this and yeah you guys said
do daily vlog so that's what I'm trying
to do but I am dying so I'm going to
finish the vlog here peace on the
streets bye guys this is vlog extras my
mom just gave bubbles a bear food look
what he does he goes crazy with it
