hey guys what is up over here our
welcome to another vlog so I just woke
up quickly pop my hat and I heard that
key and bubbles right here so I wants to
block that for you guys and there are
two cats so they should be in this room
we just put them there so they wouldn't
start screaming away I can Oh Marley oh
look at them look at kitty nice kitty
keke and then that's bubble downstairs
Oh
as the sleeping bubbles
how would you trip are like an air
complaint ok this guy is going to make
it a pain to vlog at home cuz he Key's
alright but bubbles always screams and
they're so small I thought they were
bigger right now there he goes he's
already moaning what's wrong miserable I
will open the door so they can come
outside and just sit with me just bust
my bubble up so do just sit on your lap
for bubbles put are you so tired then
he's already complaining or are you
complaining about
what are you complaining about those
anyways guys I've been literally I'm
gonna go edit my video on this car place
around I haven't got to reply to
anyone's comments yeah just cuz I love
the flight yesterday and I slept assumes
I got here so I need to go reply to a
load of comments no don't go upstairs
do not go upstairs and annoy everyone
but yeah once I do will I'll see you
guys in a bit today and we need to go
shopping definitely for food because we
have nothing at home so yeah see then
alright this is going to be my life for
the next like four hours every day like
this guy literally just he like turns
around until he gets a good space on my
lap and sleeps there you go there you go
bubble are you comfy okay nope nope
she's readjusting
so the way you can't just sleep he has
to readjust for a couple hours what's
wrong what's wrong you don't like the
camera sleep sleep sleep yep keep
turning until you find your spot there
we go yeah all right guys so we're
outside and we want to check if the car
turns on and my camera keeps fogging I'm
really sorry about that so yeah we have
to take up the cover as we always do and
see if this actually turns on or if the
battery has died so yeah see you in a
couple seconds going to put you guys
down and you're fogging up again let me
just wipe the fog again I'm sorry you
guys alright you do your thing you know
I'll try and help okay it's turned
I turn these pipes as well ones that let
me take off the all right I'll see you
guys in a second all right guys so I've
literally just been up for two seconds
and I'm already sweating and here is the
bad boy for you guys who wanted to see
wait where's the ball apparently a
bottle hit it
but yeah you can't really see so my
sister is literally just going to turn
it on and see if the battery has died or
not what I'm gonna go inside actually
I'll just stay outside for you guys and
vlog it bring out into your window bring
down your window this side so they can
see the yeah let's see if it turns on
there's actually a car coming that
turned on they can't even see
yep still katsu you're so dark all right
just turn on
what's that
okay
hi guys so I'm going inside I just want
to see how
inside so let me go
see
let's close the door it's not that bad
you can't really hear it from inside so
that's actually good I guess we just
wanted to see that out of nameless here
to be honest that's the only reason we
cared to see but yeah I'm going to go
back outside and yeah let's go and load
a bit more simply some been hard sight
like I'm just wearing my pajamas right
now and I'm still like boiling the
camera kept on what's it called hi there
we go the sound is actually muffled up a
bit let me go inside and sit I'm coming
in wait they can't see anything right it
is wear black for a second yeah I know
it the AC is on at least and naked
interior I'm wearing my hair short so
you can see all my legs and my sisters
waiting until the car heats up as if
it's not visible enough hopefully the
fan noise isn't coming through too much
and cool with a Corvette she just went
by nope oh you saw that back in the fit
but yeah now I'm going to stop recording
now we have to go pick up the Range
Rover lair today so you'll probably see
us when we're going to do that so peace
out guys OSS I want to say bye so I
forgot her
alright guys so we brought the cover
into the bar let's not pinning up but we
brought it to wash you up because it is
super dirty
other than Leslie we are super dirty I
don't know how well you guys can see
because of these lights yeah probably it
sounds like it's going well yeah we need
to wash that super dirty no spiders in
it and stuff like that so once it's
washed up we'll put it back on alright
guys so we're just about to leave to go
and pick up the Range Rover today I
think my swag is on point I'm just
really looking in the mirror but not be
a reflection I don't know if you guys
can see hey guys I was looking in there
to see why I could see through the
camera like behind because I don't have
lip monitors but yeah so we're gonna go
pick up the Range Rover and I think I'm
going to start daily vlogs here let me
know if you guys would like that I might
miss out a couple of days but I think I
will stop I'm not going to give any
promises yet just in case it doesn't
happen and one of your like where's the
daily vlog blah blah blah so yeah I
think so I won't at the moment so if I
do I'll let you guys know or you guys
will see the videos anyways alright guys
so where is the Ranger it's too dark to
look myself so I'm just going to show
you the front
remember my sister way too dark to see
any of us so you can just see the
volunteer for now we're making our way
home and yeah we'll see once we get home
or to the petrol station actually our we
need petrol because I'll show you the
fuel you can probably read it from here
but it is pretty much empty so there's
much more like the petrol station and I
can bet the d-block there so see you
guys there we're coming on the turned
into the petrol station
literally the tank is empty right now
yeah after we're done here like this I
mean a petrol station the light is so
bright you can achieve vlog I look how
bright this is the hope that you might
be able to see me but if not I'm going
to go tell the guy what petrol you once
I'll see you after that and that's a BMW
and before I think going plus that I
think so
so yeah go get some stuff I could go you
just would hide you know yep all right
so my sister is going inside to buy
whatever she needs
I told her why need a need bread oh I
forgot to say not enough ah this is my
song things I never had
hit it alright so my sister is finally
done it looks like it actually not nope
she's going walking out I don't know
what she's doing
why is she doing
all right no I think she's done oh yeah
my sister's finally done there she is
she's the one right here
follow my finger that's where she is
she's standing on my finger currently
weigh it here she comes
we should be out of here right now no
she is walking out wait let me unlock
the car oh yeah let's let's leave the
petrol station now but you get all of
your friends oh they did it was open
yeah good let's go yeah I know Jonah
takes takeaway from some laughter no
idea all right guys so I just got my
bread alright guys so we just got home
but there was some cow outside so we
decided to get him some cat food
apparently was just a fed him last time
so that's why he's back here and we like
helping our cats by the way if the
quality changes is because you don't
realize how dark it is right now anyways
guys that is our whole day if you
enjoyed drop a like and tell me if you
want to see Dave logs down below I'm not
sure how much food I got worse problems
is bowls upstairs guys that you probably
hear them upstairs
I know you stopped it but yeah there we
go but anyways if you enjoyed this blog
drop a like and I'll see you guys later
peace on the street Sun alight guys
