hey guys what is up like here
way to the airport right now with my map
as you can see
or you guys so that's what I'm doing
I'll just have a bit of clips on the way
to the airport
right guys so right there for right now
being my family so we're on our way to
go check in so this is very heavy to
push with one hands I have to stop
vlogging but I'll see you once we check
in alright guys so we're currently
checking in I've made my sister do all
of that I mean I'm just standing back
and doing nothing to be honest but once
we check in because we've got quite a
bit of luggage we're going to leave and
go eat some food before we take flight
because I hate the food on the airplane
is just stupid to be on this team but
yeah so once we're done here continue
like fine guys so we're currently eating
food we got to therefore checked in and
now we're at Strada reporting or flight
at 1:30 and the current time is well
thirty so one hour and the food hasn't
come yet the air should come soon or
we're going to be sucked right now we've
got time I think we are once you board a
flight I'm frightful or I might just
sleep to be honest I'm very tired
I'm here my sister I've convinced her to
start blogging and yet she has a blog
out I'll put a link to her channel down
below and there's my beautiful mum in
front of us which has no idea I just
logged over yet and I'll see you guys
after this peace out guys when I sit
next to my sister look what she does she
just makes a mess
where you do yeah they've had the shelf
on the front and really difficult and
support
so tired all right guys three hours in
is like wires left and will be a device
I just wants to keep you guys up to date
if the flight say I see you guys in the
body
alright guys so we're now at the airport
we finally arrived it's like 1:00 a.m.
here I'm with my sister my mom obviously
and we're finding where our baggage is
so once you find it we'll be in a taxi
going home and they'll be identified a
so see you soon in the taxi or a phone
alright guys so we are finally home I
don't know how well you can see that's
my mom you can kind of see the back of
the car but I'm going to go inside again
sorry I don't think you guys can see me
very well I'm just going to quickly go
check now it's just as opening the door
there you go
30 goes inside Hewitt woo mini house
store yeah anyways guys so we did get
here finally if you enjoyed this with
your present thumbs up I'm gonna do
loads of videos out here and yeah this
has been Louis you guys later peace out
can you end the vlog for me Lisa
