yo guys what is up mo here welcome to
another vlog today we're going Brent
Cross and as of my other roles you guys
used to watch Rhett the red light
ain't no Lambos oh oh we can still be a
competition so yeah
street racing England I'm just kidding
it's not gonna be but we at the red
lights and we always have the power so
let's see what happens
would you say thank you
we have video evidence of a summer oh
yeah
nobody around us today son nobody uh
that's not just give you guys
what the elevator is not working bye
guys so recurrently in costs are having
a little break we got to the mall I do
show you guys much because we just got
here my sister just bought a dress oh
yeah she's just been doing shopping
don't be yeah we got here I'm having my
drink I had my pizza with it but I
didn't really report that I should I
didn't notice I did sorry
hey I want to reduc here I think I
wanted to buy bread superstars but
everywhere sold out so I'll see what I
could do after this try to five five
still no result
alright guys we are still making
something my sister's for like every
flip
now she is she's getting your makeup
done
and yeah pretty much that has been my
whole day I out go into one shot I think
I'm zoomed out in this double trip oh
yeah it's been our whole day you're just
shopping for makeup
I'm a touch so the lamer if there's no
good videos that you just just play
gonna Instagram them please teller why'd
you always buy makeup it's like so
ridiculous right now so yeah I'm going
to leave a descriptor link to her
Instagram down below so let her know she
likes too much links in 15 minutes
that is the end thank you all right guys
sorry for today's short video but I've
got a big announcement I am leaving to
divide tomorrow I didn't tell anyone
until I fully knew it was going to
happen and yeah we got like the ticket
yesterday so it wasn't like we got a
ages ago but the our house is a pretty
much a packing spree we got so much to
pack and yeah leave down in the
suggestions what videos you want me to
do while I'm out there because I think
I'll be there for quite a bit this time
so any suggestions last time someone
said cosplay and I did that and it went
really good so any other suggestions and
I'll try and do it but for now I'll see
you guys when I'm in device the last
vlog rabbiting land so yeah peace out
guys
