guys I just want to show you slide into
what sister scar know if you can see it
but when it's frozen it's like so good
to write on my gosh even right you
little bit so cool you just literally
put your finger on your right side
shuttle does really funny guys I'm going
to show you the struggle driving which
really really taught me to turn around
my camera and show you my comments
absolutely frozen there you go guys my
car is absolutely frozen gonna go ahead
and show you and now on eating this milk
counter tried by UPS are recording a bit
okay so that's Jesus water run it down
ah there you go division probably have
the door closed if I'm doing this there
we go driver's side it's all right let's
go from the middle oh yeah guys I just
scrolled down my window and the I saw
ever was just got on top of each other
and looks low let's see I look like my
grab it oh yeah I can but yeah there you
have it that's not I don't know where
you can see that that's pretty cool it's
already snowing alright guys what is up
I'm in the car right now I'm making my
way to Union the reason I'm recording is
cuz there's so much traffic it is
ridiculous all that okay we're not
moving so I'm going to blog and
literally as I came to vlog the traffic
started moving so I think this is a good
luck charm so I'm going to keep blogging
see how it goes and the traffic
moving like actually no not really
yeah sorry moving that much I'll go
ahead and turn the camera around and see
my hand there but as you can see as
loads and loads of traffic so yeah let's
log a couple updates I think I should
tell you guys
number one is I've started uploading to
my gaming channel if any if you are
interested in gaming videos go checked
out I'm going to be making loads of FIFA
video 7 your fee for fans who are
checked out number two also follow me on
my social media which is my Twitter my
Instagram and those are the two I really
use so if you want to see me tweet new
videos or anything or you want to tweet
me asking questions you can do on
Twitter and if you just want to see a
couple cool pose I do that on Instagram
so yeah I'll need mixing them down in
the description as well also I was
recording a video before this one and
obviously it's the morning out dull I
was really tired so I was like kind of
leaning back almost fell asleep in my
own video so as I just read ticket I was
like there's no way I'm uploading that
video and I'm almost willing asleep but
yeah hopefully I can make it to you know
time watching us I can't I'm already
like I'm on the way there's loads of
traffic and I'm already five minutes
late to my first lectures and it says
I'm estimated to get there at 9:25 and
my sat-nav is always lies I'm
sorry I think I'll probably miss my
first lecture and just go to the next
one yes you got soon peace well guys
this is eventful it's in the morning on
my way to uni and yeah the traffic is so
heavy I literally and it always happens
as soon as our way in traffic for like a
couple of minutes I'm like you know what
let me record and as soon as I start
recording the traffic starts moving
which is ridiculous but there is still a
lot of traffic another
see like one of you just completely
blackmailers shucks but yeah there's
loads of traffic I've been stuck in the
same position for about ten minutes when
I was until we started moving and little
now but yeah I think I should start
vlogging from now on I'm stuck in
traffic because it seems like a good
luck charm whenever I do it the traffic
starts moving but yeah let's see how it
goes I think I was able to get from
another day so this is probably going to
be after it so I didn't randomly get my
hair cut in the middle of traffic and
wow the Sun is so much at my hand oh why
is that oh my goodness that is a glitch
it looks like it's glowing
whoa but yeah I'll see you guys soon
and yep yourself
