yo guys what is up I just had my hair
cut I think it looks amazing tell me
what you guys think 15 out of 10 is what
I'm going for
just looking paying as always peg means
like beautiful if you guys don't know
but yeah on my way to go Sainsbury's I'm
driving so I should already be recording
but yeah I'm going to buy some food for
my mum and go get my rabbit some food so
yeah let's go there and see what happens
some words on the pump from Westside
guys who did the shopping not much fun
stuff that was needed so yeah maybe my
way to go to the pet center and buy some
more stuff look at all of the stuff here
like the chocolate yeah see you guys
soon
guys this is Rob what my rabbits from
there's a couple yeah I just wanted to
show you there they are
but yeah just one see I just got some
food and I'm gonna head home and see
what goes on at home yeah
let's go guys knowing obviously home
country here I've seen I've seen a lot
of snow before Christian gave me the
blog you saw obviously what the boys
just had Nando's when I bet on William
Hill in it I'm gonna win that bet and
obviously that's my blick friend Josh be
know we ate so much got to have some
takeaways you know well we did it
James it but yeah I'll see you guys soon
guys I don't know if you can see this
but it is snowing so every
my windscreen there you go you guys can
see it
alright guys I think there's gonna be a
lot of wind but me and my mom are on the
way to gym so if there's a lot of wind
I'm really sorry baby I'll just continue
recording at the gym peace out yo guys
what is that mo here and I'm at the gym
with my mom I told you guys I'd record
back in the same spot at the burrowing
machines just because this is the only
empty place I can literally find in the
gym too long but yeah I was doing a bit
of exercise treadmill and their yellow
ones and the Clippers off but yeah I've
got my asthma and making my Titans on
when I run and that is a major problem
for me son you go to the doctor and sore
it out there now I just checked out its
place and it kind of made them big noise
but yeah that's the end of the vlog guys
pretty much I'm not really gonna record
anything else at the gym just because
it's really really really busy but yeah
if you enjoyed drop a like I hope
today's vlog was interesting and yes see
you guys to the next box - no wait look
at my crap see you she was looking
awesome
but yeah I'm see you guys soon peace
