hey guys over here I'll come to another
video now today's video is gonna be a
full blog don't worry about that but in
the beginning when you're going to show
you guys my watch collection since a
couple of you asked to see their
properly and if you're wondering why I'm
wearing it's a towel I sleep with this
and I just woke up
if you can't see my hair scruffy so yeah
let's start this vlog alright guys so I
just ordered my watches from the first
one I got to the last one so let's get
started so the first one I ever got this
one was a gift from my sister this was
the first one ever
it is a Casio let me go ahead and try to
focus it for you guys that's as good as
we're gonna do but yet it was a Casio I
really like this my sister wanted
something else but this is why I picked
as my first launched like wearing
quickly show you guys I don't know how
long you guys can see that there you go
I think that's focus but yeah that is my
first ever watch I got and I got this
about six years ago seven years ago I
could say and yeah that was my first
Washington so this is the second which I
got it was a Levi's watch this is what
my sister actually got for three she
bought jeans and they gave her a men's
watch and she gave it to me and yeah
thought was pretty cool so I kept on to
it
Third Watch you know this one has a
story in my school's up guy had a Armani
watch and I told my mom about it and I
was like oh you've got to start while
you watch your looks pretty cool and I
showed her it and then for my birthday
she ended up game you just watch yeah
that's the story behind that one so
that's how I got this watch
then the ones I got offered that was
actually this one I got from the airport
so I grabbed myself it's just a guest
watch I really liked how it looked
I'm trying to like see these in either
you or I focus them in but yeah I guess
what I thought was pretty nice so I got
that one and our best thing on the place
right now this is my second to last one
I got a install Western watch I actually
have no idea what the brand is but I
went into a shop it looked really nice
side for it and yeah I still think it
looks really nice this is one of my
favorites as well as the one you're
gonna see next
now you're going to stop my face because
I might want to put it on and finally
I'll try to make this as quick as
possible guys finally this was my last
watch it is a guest's watch it again I
thought this one looked really cool it's
one of their new collections and yeah
there you go
also why not just chuck your loads of my
layers while I'm and so yeah you're
gonna see footage of me in this way say
I see you guys to me alright guys so
getting onto my lighters we have this
one my playboy lighter this one I bought
off Amazon this one I'd go in Singapore
this was actually my first one hence why
it is so why you can see that kind of
faded away let's go into the next one
this was a gift it's like really cool
cuz you can see IDing the king there you
go so that's the king he reels it
this one I got from them to buy and I
gift shops I got a couple for my friends
as well but these were I kept my one of
each for myself and then last one this
was a nother gift it's a good luck
funding yo guys what is up Murray and
welcome to another vlog today's looks a
bit different we're giving away our
rabbits we found a really nice place
it's like a farm and they match them up
because we have two females that are
separate and yeah they match them up
with a male companion so we thought it'd
be nice to do this for them it's about
time they are no longer inside so we
just packed up everything and I'm gonna
go ahead and show you my rabbit one of
them is in the front seat are there you
go that's Newby and the other one is in
the back seat I don't think you can see
him I know he's in his little cage what
she's in the she's in her cage that's
why I'm going to say well yeah we're
going to the farm if they allow us to
record over there I will for you guys
but yeah I think it's a nice thing we're
doing and we're first gonna obviously
check it out just to see everything's
nice over there and yeah let's see you
guys there
hi guys were on our way there and we're
likely to needed these four spaces and
so ever
all of that are those horses over there
I missed it
guys look at these two ducks they just
cross the road when we have to wait
alright guys so we're here and we asked
the lady and she was kind enough to let
us film this is Lulu
there she is I think I'm nice too
spacious it's like outside don't know if
you can see her it's kind of dark
yeah a little is inside there and this
is like their day or yeah in the day
cages and there's Luffy and yeah these
cages are quite big and yeah they're
gonna match them up later on with my
company oh and you can see like the
other like all of these cages pages
really nice I'm happy with this this
pair off for them and I'll see you guys
in a bit
finding new the better place here giving
this off field alone unto John with
after you guys were almost done a couple
more things in the clock which I'll be
getting now so yeah once we're done here
I will continue recording and it's a
very nice place they've got loads of
animals and stuff yeah if I need these
two left
yeah once you're done here as I said
again I'll talk to you after that yeah
so we just finished up and I wanted to
show you the house of these people who
are taking care of the rabbits and this
husband a wife they do it alone and this
is literally what you call a mansion is
huge they had a huge backyard I showed
you a bit of it where the rabbits are
staying and yeah it's so much nicer than
how we who are taking care of them to be
honest it looks amazing they have an
outside house which is like a bit of the
day they spend there and at night they
go into the barn they had I never showed
you that because I thought it was really
kinda recorded and now asking but yeah
one more shot wow just look at this
their house is huge
anyway there's a car coming yeah and
once around the way I'll get proper
clips maybe some music or whatever and
when we're hardly feasting all right
guys run all the way home and look at
these parts man they're just beautiful
your associate
guys we are so close to the side I swear
my sister's gonna kill me that's right
this way these guys look at this I can
literally touch it if the window is not
that if the window is not that I saw
people ask me why I was scared that my
sister is going faster than Lambo I
swear she does not know resizing like
look I can if this window was up there I
could touch her wanted a half car but
for two cars yeah
alright guys that is the end of the vlog
hopefully you guys enjoyed I'm left with
a mess to clean up myself
and I realized I never mentioned these
two watches in the video this is because
this watch is a joke watch I wanted from
some game and also this watch the only
reason I bought it was just because they
were donating to charity if you boy it
so yeah if you enjoyed this video drop a
like subscribe and share with your
friends and I'll see you guys next time
peace
