yo guys what is up mo here and welcome
to another vlog now with my friend James
we're going to the park and yeah I just
decided to start vlogging today cuz I'm
a bit happy for no reason but yeah we
need to go
we're actually dropping on my own to do
some shopping and we're going to go play
some football go home maybe record a bit
my gaming I'll wait on you to unlock the
car we're gonna do that maybe even
record some football tips because I've
never done that before
and that's not do empty it with a
newspaper but yeah hit we're going to go
record a couple of this at the park
maybe I can even get an epic fail again
or an epic win or something but once
we're at town in the park I'll continue
recording so see you guys there peace
out
I'll get at the parking oh I'm such a
brother yo guys what is up
we just finished but will we
unfortunately didn't record anything cuz
we were playing a match against these
two guys obviously me and my bro in the
front here won that match you know
that's how we do but yeah I'm just
kidding it was really a close game and
we want like 1110 but we were happy
about it so that's why we go along
anything I learn that shit was go to go
yeah yeah we feel Scorpio but now that
definitely a match for us but yeah and
we're done now we're going to go get
home and guess what's coming me and
Nando's with the boys
cheeky Nando's obviously yeah I love
nanos it tastes so nice but second
family
yeah literally I there's this guy don't
know if you guys know him as a rapper
Jamie you always go to Nando's where you
go to so you know he's basically our boy
we just hang out with them sometimes I
sit by his table yeah sometimes
sometimes but yeah we're just heading to
the car and yeah that's been our date
for now
