yo guys what is up mo here and my sister
and today's vlog we're gonna be going to
Westfield Stratford and doing some
shopping my sister's being out with some
for uni friends and I'm gonna be
vlogging for you guys with her and
without her so you're hopefully you
enjoy today and yeah let's see how it
goes
so guys we finally made it to Stratford
we got a bit lost actually very lost
we were like circling for like ten
minutes but we finally got here and yeah
I'm going to go in do some shopping
taking you guys with me all right let me
show you how it looks I don't know if
you guys can see it yeah we're just
behind some red lights but as I said
once we're in there I'll continue
blogging and see you there guys are
entering the carpark and I promise you
it looks like if you guys have seen
Batman The Dark Knight and that car park
like he jumped down on a couple cars
from this looks exactly like he'll I
look at this place we're going up like
four or five stories and it is pretty
awesome guys we just got here I wanted
to show you from up here obviously the
more
very trendy camera and yet long assists
are making their way in front of me the
SE guys want some shops
it's very loud so I'm only covering more
too much bossy you guys all right guys
I'm in the other store and I wanted to
show you guys some Apple watch
I'm not sure if I should get myself one
I'm just going to look around and see if
there's any nice fun guys large guys are
pretty much what I've done is I've come
enough island Lincoln Apple Store
our computers that I want to see if
anyone realizes for now but it's
actually pretty funny because I'm going
to try to as many as I can
so pretty much guys we're stuck in the
makeup store
friends of my mom I love to say yeah
I'll show you myself in the mirror and
there
once we end up here I will talk more
so busy I can't buy anything and
everywhere just so now like here is like
the best place
there's no one interventions that make
up
I'm only just like show you stuffing
already speak and just go boys over
everybody else see you guys alright guys
I just got myself a hard drive which is
here so I can record more videos and
pretty much delete them off my computer
because it's taking way too much space
up at my closest corner that's my sister
a mom and my sisters friends yeah we
skating this I can pretty much save all
my stuff and be able to make more videos
pretty much all right guys so yeah we're
gonna have some munch on them and here
you go my sister my mom and yet the
drink I'm so shy ugly my
sister like that side
alright guys finish that before I just
got a hard drive I tried on shoes again
but the guys in store told me I can
customise them online so that's what I'm
going to do my sister got a bunch of
makeup stuff right there yeah now we're
leaving and my mom and my sister say
goodbye to a friend my mom's over here
and yell see you
alright guys finally we are done and
this is the only place that is quiet
literally I brought headache now because
the mall was so loud I don't know you
can see our home system behind me
but yeah we're finally done I didn't get
much I literally just got a hard drive
but my video is on for you guys but my
sister got bunch of makeup stuff which
she should should make a video about
maybe in like a month if that even
happens we yeah we got to the car and
it's time to leave so yeah see you guys
in the car would stop really good use it
ok peace out
yah yah yah yah bobby jindal you got was
in gaja on that done in the
Hey
underside
in a mere four feet or all right guys we
just got home we spent the whole day
shopping and stuff I bear you more
anything I'm actually just going to go
on honey - website right now because the
shoes I bought apparently you customize
them the way I want in so I'm going to
go check that and if not I'm just go buy
them from my town because it's really
close but yeah we got home anyways as I
said hopefully I'm going off good for
you guys I'm really shy recording in
public but I did try I record as much as
I could if you did enjoy this video and
drop a like and leave any suggestions
for future videos I want to know what
you guys want to see the places I should
go or yes stuff like that but for now
I'll see you guys there peace out bye
