good morning guys welcome to another
vlog today I'm going to go shopping with
my family so I'm going to take you guys
with me I'm going to buy some shoes I
made me PlayStation Plus to start gaming
again on my gaming channel so let's go
alright guys already we're going out to
do some shopping and me and my sister
having matching hoodies you know how we
do
always gangster always cool I'm just
kidding nice raining so we're wearing
our hoodies and we the other black one
is all yeah you have a black hoodie as
well so yeah once we are in the car
continue recording because it's kind of
raining and I don't want to go wet don't
don't don't
we're just getting started again don't
panic don't panic we're just getting
started make it pretty woman I am cars
with a loose chains day we just got
dropped off my sister and she's leaving
she just went over there you can see her
driving off and here I'm going to the GP
right now to quickly get a test done or
a vaccination I need to get like a
booster but yeah after that I will go
shopping and record the rest of the day
for you guys to see you in a bit alright
guys I'm in the shoe shop
my shoes are coming
a couple of them back there I'm just
going to wait and once I get them off
you guys
hey guys today I'm looking for a
foundation in my company tail color that
you could use for under the eyes I'm
struggling to find it so I scusi I'm
mostly looking at guys I'm pretty much
stuck in the makeup shop and that's why
I can't blog much because my sister is
making makeup tutorials online if you
haven't checked her first one up go
check it
she actually buying loads of makeup for
that so hopefully we should be done here
soon alright guys so we just finished up
at our town I didn't end up buying shoes
because we went literally I've tried on
four shoes every single time I just
thought something was wrong so I did end
up buying it but now I'm starving and
we're going to go eat so I'll see you
guys in a bit all right guys we're on
our way to eat and I spotted this
Bentley which looks pretty cool I don't
know if you guys can see it in the
reflection let me try and zoom in for
you guys I don't I don't read of
convertible but if any of you do like
convertible you might like that badly so
I decided to show you
I'm literally starving I want to go KFC
but I don't know let's see where my
mother's sister want to go and yeah we
have to come to an agreement on where to
eat
I never say never shake its invisible
shirt okay I'm getting money for all the
misfortune
you heard our guys you heard me
so why is it on my lap so guys who came
to a family decision of KFC pretty much
the decision was mine because obviously
I am the man and that makes sense now
I'm just kidding no one escapes eat
right
first I will see you in a month
bye bye
