hey guys what is up mo here and welcome
to another vlog and the first thing I
want to say in today's vlog is a big
THANK YOU to someone on YouTube called
adrenaline crew he has a really big
Facebook page I'll leave a link to it in
the description and he shared one of my
videos called the crazy street racer or
a crazy mustang street race and it got a
lot of views and a lot of publicity from
it and yeah it was all thanks to him for
sharing it so I left my camera mic I'm
vlogging this part because I want to say
a lot of the times I take my camera to
vlog in my car but it never ends up
happening when I would load so I'm going
to cut short today guys and basically
that's because I wanna give you guys an
announcement I made myself a Twitter
account and an Instagram account they
should be right here that's why I'm
holding my hands up like this if they're
not my Instagram is mole underscore
vlogs on this floor I changed your name
of my original Instagram to that so make
it easier for you guys to find also
might where is hit spec K 0 that should
then let me be right here but the reason
is that it's the name of my gaming
channel and I just wanted to stick with
it if you guys have any questions I just
recently a thousand subscribers thanks
to you guys you're also if you have any
questions please tweet me questions or
write on my Instagram or we much easier
to follow up with the questions since
YouTube I've got loads of videos and the
commercialization but now if you guys
enjoyed this video please do drop a like
I'll see you guys next time peace
