hey guys what is up welcome to another
vlog now we're starting with the Lambo
today we're going out if you look in
front over there I'm visiting my mom is
zooming ahead with the range obviously
we can't take everyone at this car that
is my mom anyways because it is too
small but once we are on our way that's
someone hello once we're on our way I'll
continue blogging but for now peace okay
guys so we're out the area now so I can
continue blogging today the plan is to
get this car washed again literally
since the last blog of me and my sister
not going out with this car's just been
with the rage to be family
yeah basically obviously this car is a
two-person card you can't really take
out unless you're just going up for
small things so I you know it's not
with it but yeah it's registered if they
get to wash it then hopefully we do some
interesting stuff after which I can vlog
also I think at the end of this video
there might be some random clips just
because I've been recording a lot but
not if it's really been connecting so if
I just add some pictures just that oh
yeah so you guys soon
okay guys we're here at the car wash now
me and my sister are just waiting in the
car there's some really nice cars here
actually we heard about this car was
from someone else and at the moment next
to us we saw a brand new s-class a
two-door 63 or something they're very
nice if you see them and also a couple
of Bentleys and G wagons but in front of
us unfortunately there's no nice car so
we've already record anyone elses bad
thing we have to move for it now and
after the car is washed
yeah we'll continue recording and wait
let me just show you the car wash is you
go down here and you just start washing
your car and that's it
yeah I think you should report to be
honest I don't know the guys not even
responding nope no responding okay I
will see you the big guys iced me and my
sister are in the car whilst getting
washed alone shop actually never been in
a car getting washed
there is some ranch effluence going on
you can see that the water splashing but
yeah it's pretty cool
which I do feel about it
did that guy she haven't already
followed my sister's Instagram she is
going viral at the moment it's just like
bang bang let me jump oh yeah there is a
camera you guys I think they've
activated the senses
we can't see anything run it look they
you can see them walking around far
behind us and spray water so yeah
swifty nice after the guys washed baby
we'll go drop the car from valet go to a
born and yeah I have recorded loads of
times when come out valley but there are
so many people I around the valet
Parkers embarrassing
there's so many people around the valley
cause I'm just like kind of shy to vlog
it and it might seem like you're being a
prick if you're like vlogging and
getting into the car door it just seems
weird but yeah I will try to vlog it
hopefully it comes out alright I have to
definitely do my phone because there's
no way I'm carrying out a camera I'm
vlogging me getting into a car with a
big camera but yeah we have to move the
car forward so I'll see you guys soon
peace this is the valet there's so many
people I'm gonna stop recording so you
guys are at the wall we just want the
car hopefully I put a little clip in
there for you but it's very busy
something to stop recording if I do buy
anything I will show you guys but with
my sister or my mom
but yeah so you guys soon peace is this
ski device or artificial snow
and if cyber bullying you can
going up there to do like skiing and
stuff yeah it's pretty cool
okay guys we're done at the mall today
we're just walking back to the valley to
pick up the car and with my sister I
actually bought a vlogging camera I'll
show you guys that later as I said we're
just going to go pick up the car I'm
just going to vlog a little outside so
I'll see you guys there in a few seconds
because you can see the car is parked
okay though you've been on it
Muraki obviously this is actually the
best base the vlog just because you know
outside there and there's not loads of
people but yet and you can see they're
nice if excused outside there for taxes
and stuff so it's very massive and again
it makes a loud noise over there is a
red Aventador I think and yeah I'm just
going to go show you some of the other
cars you can see there's loads of
rolls-royce there's a Ferrari there's a
Range Rover the red Aventador and yellow
for our Kent's behind this mercedes-benz
alia we're going to
get the keys and I'll see you guys that
guy's my sister is still looking for
Hank valet ticket
look at her over there she can't even
see oh she's behind the window but yeah
we're just going to go get the car right
now and I'll see you in a couple seconds
once we're in it guys we are still
waiting because my sister needs to get
our headset out and she is taking
forever well it's actually a pretty cool
place like it's like there's a glass
place and it's like outside it is all
the valet or the taxi bases and there's
no one here I don't know if you can see
up there as Armani cafe and there's
loads of branded shops so that's why
it's quite empty and yeah so I know it
goes there really
I'm just waiting hopefully yeah I think
she found it so yeah come on let's go
let's go let's go I'm gonna get in the
car and go and look at all the nice guys
I'm going to show you guys behind me
Ferrari and then behind this car now
there's the red of wrapped Aventador it
looks amazing yeah let's get home and we
actually have you turned the camera
around there is a rolls-royce leaving
yeah with a nice plate number nine nine
zero nine so yeah actually no he's just
parking there so yeah I'll see you guys
soon hey guys so today was a good day
I did my shopping now I have a vlogging
camera I did say that before but you can
see
the car is very loud I don't know how my
voice is turning out
we just left the and you guys actually
like I watched a video back the first
vlog I made then you guys cannot tell
how loud this Mary's by the video the
video really does not serve a justice
but yeah yes very not like the video you
cannot are loud it is but once we get to
the petrol station I'll continue
recording because probably there will be
more lights there and why am i shaking
my leg while the cameras on it but for
now I'll see you guys soon at the like
isn't that bad see my sister those all I
need to put some music on my sister
always brings our window up I get too
hot and I always bring it down or you
know here
oh she's looking at the more about was
because we did take you for a wash and
you don't really want to take the
windows down when you take it for a wash
but we did anyways
so station
okay guys so we did not end up going to
the petrol station by I'm finishing this
vlog with my new vlogging camera I want
to see how the quality is you guys tell
me in the comments below if it's better
than my phone because half the time I
use my big camera which is really nice
but in the clips that you see like the
volume is low that's me using my phone
but tell me if this is better than my
phone but yeah see you guys soon
hopefully you enjoyed the vlog and I'll
be vlogging today as well and yeah peace
out guys
