hey guys what is up mo here and I'm
gonna get straight into it because you
guys came to watch this vlog for a
reason that's the title so let me show
you this is the Lamborghini for rockin
with a reason why it all if you clicked
on this video and that it looks amazing
this is my sister's new car we're taking
it up for a car wash today that's the
reason I started vlogging it and I just
can see it needs a wash because she
barely uses it and yeah I think we might
have to move the range up the way
actually I think I might fit through
that gap but yeah I'm really bad she's
just going to come out now she's getting
ready I'm gonna switch it on I'm going
to show you that as well because it
makes a massive noise and obviously as
soon as we switch on we want to go
because we don't want to stick around
and they're here too much while it's on
because apparently it's a new sense of
neighborhood so yeah I'll continue
recording once you gets here and
hopefully you guys are enjoying this
vlog I'm so buzzed it just looks so
amazing and yes you guys soon guys this
is the front of the car for whoever
wanted to see it so yeah I just took
that front shot if you guys are
interested so yeah alright guys my
sister's taking her time by got the key
so let's go ahead and open it hopefully
I don't do anything wrong with turn
around see we can get into it and yep
America let's go ahead and open the car
and I'm the inside that's absolutely
amazing
she customized it red and dad dad looks
really good I'm actually so excited to
go out with this
hey let's go ahead and sit inside it and
see how loved it is cuz apparently it is
really low and okay yes it is hopefully
you guys can see now let me turn the
camera around and that is the interior I
should have gotten from the other side
and that is the deadly button you do not
want to press and not at the moment
anyways and yeah so so excited you guys
can probably tell because I'm speaking
so fast and running out of breath and
yeah don't us a little I think that's
the CD slot to be honest yeah once we
start headed I can't even speak alright
once we start going I'll continue
recording maybe if I get there see if
there's anything I can record maybe even
some cars in the show room I think God
we're going somewhere because we're
actual damage you need to wash it
because apparently it needs I don't know
its own like detergents or whatever to
wash it because you can't wash it but
increase it scratches it like apparently
if you wash it with normal stuff the
sand on the car might scratch it or the
dust so we're going there to wash it
just in case and it's really really
really hot and I've worn a long sleeve
polo and yeah we going to show you this
as well I got some Ralph you can't
really see I got some Ralph jaggary
stuffing that pretty cool I also got the
hoodie but not wearing obviously it's
really hot here and yeah I'm just wait
for my sister to come alright guys my
sister just came out she's ready as you
can see the girl who owns the first
Lamborghini work and the 2015 one
anyways um and yeah we're about to start
up literally soon she starts up and you
guys see the noise I'm getting in a
jumping we're straight going because
yeah neighbors hate you apparently in
this area they've been giving out a
warning and yet let's go she ate it
start go I'm actually so excited and
look at them red calipers Bray
calibrated it absolutely amazing and you
guys I'm sorry for like constantly
saying how nice it is but you can
probably tell I don't have one so I just
think that looks amazing yeah once you
start up I'll continue guys this is a
struggle having a dirty Lamborghini you
have the menu here white and I was
getting down happy but there's dust and
sand come on just start going ya know
why don't use the window wipers yes and
then just like mix the sand up and make
it a bit muddy don't worry I blowed out
a plate on them no we don't the exhaust
move Wow I don't wash that does the
exhaust move when you turn it on now I'm
just going to video the front end I'll
make sure to bring your side mirrors
open
all right motor proof guys I want to see
how loud this thing is and hold your
ears let me open my doors well you're
not going to move off are you guys the
red button is about to get pressed there
there it is yeah is really low
bring a bag in the back three two one
alright guys I'm just gonna vlog while
we're getting past my sister's area the
reason we're going so slow is because we
just hit a speed bump if you can see
went up and down like I'm just going to
show you you have to press one of these
buttons it's got loads of buttons to
bring the car up because it can't go
repeat bumps but yeah probably gonna
stop vlogging for a bit so I'll see you
guys once we do something or maybe on
that I don't know the motorway or
something so yeah see you guys soon
peace
Oh guys or at a traffic light we're
first in line and the cars next to us
look like they don't have any hope in
sports mode yes it is yes it is this is
going to be crazy you can't see my face
but I'm excited look obviously the
speedom is naive so we're gonna get
there in about 1.5 seconds yeah she's a
kitty
yeah that was actually for the aside
boots or whatever but yeah pretty
exciting
and yeah let's continue our way
hi guys I just wanted to show you guys
how it sounds when you slow down the car
we're going to slow down
and if you could hear that yeah there we
go again
that's actually the car slowing now it
is in sports mode
and yeah it sounds like is actually
rapping but it's not as just changing
gears down and it makes like a revving
noise and yeah let's continue our
journey there needs to pop so I'm just
going to quickly go ahead I've got the
Range Rover keys and I'm going to move
the car so it's quite dark but yeah
let's get in hopefully you can see
something all right so we are in let me
put the camera here think you guys can
see me yes you can this whole breaks
yeah bird we are just going to drive the
car off a little Indian my sister is
reversing
and so I just reversed the car I'm not
sure if up a double parked in but yeah
my sister's reversing the car in and
yeah that was a good day all right guys
that was the end of the vlog hopefully
you guys enjoyed it and I'll make
another vlog soon if you did enjoy it
press that thumbs up button I'll see you
guys soon bye bye
