we are starting today's vlog out that
sneaker code without you my boy there's
a mountain of mundane guys right now
we're going to go do some sneaker
shopping let's go it's right now he came
to do some sneaker shopping with Rush
and he's quickly picking up something
Easy's guys his second pair he literally
just bought one over here if you could
see that hey hey he's picking up the
brand new a loom insecure the bag so
right now we create made it back to the
booth guys check it out
anyways rich girl two bags left and yeah
we're just chilling here so shout out to
all these guys for being amazing Gang
Gang check it out guys right now my
booty over here just got the mold logs
back
you got the lost bag so these were the
limited mobile ox bags there's only 50
of them and my boy got a shout out to
him high five man that's dope
guys this looks nice fatty hustle for me
hustle for me I want a good price guys
so I'm trying to buy this bait stuff
over here this is crazy
so right now I'm just going around
trying to find some sneakers and look
who I ran to slicker
show them what yeah show them what you
have guys hey the yellow future that's
not bad
yo wrong hood what are you getting bro
you're still searching burger you go
like four pairs already okay guys so
right now I'm making my first purchase
of the day
tenth
The Herald we go Harry Easy's guys this
is not like warfare by the way check
this out
this car is filled with
hey secure the back and lair guys check
it out my boy Rob he's got two pairs of
Easy's I know three bears ooh jeez guys
but everybody is holding like every shoe
I got one over here this is mine all
right fatty what's that what's the plan
we're heading out let's go yeah for
something then that's what are you doing
the window do like pucker faces of
everything is out the window for a good
Biddy like giving duck faces and a boy
who's that for your snapchat whoever it
follows your snapchats now we just left
the vent I'm in the car with Nas and my
boy over here it was good I said your
appids brother right this is Khalid yo
you guys did you deny twins oh really
he's told me like ten are like ten
inches tall and he's got anger issues
guys that Iceland you're the car brother
right yeah I'm calm I used to be in real
life in with like I showed it down yeah
she's calm eyes I'm calling my god ass
out he wasn't even following me on
Instagram bro no bro well you know what
it is I thought we were boys and we are
but you know what is there was a number
of counting no way no yeah check check
the statistics bro most fun of me about
follow you you're getting violated right
you're not following me I am I am I am
that's alive you try to find it in your
blood you live in of me bro
Wow no I swear follow her dad somebody's
a dad's bro huh beautiful mmm
Oh does indeed Kaveri ah it's a girl oh
man I see her ah my bad bro it's again
scary even so I don't hear guys again I
have to say this every day
we're not arch enemies no we're not
we're not until we tell work showing out
and you know people because I should
think we're faking being good oh my god
we're already making guys weren't you
Ola was like hey guys so I'm gonna put
this right here guys unlike a lot of you
bike oh no this Adam gets a lot of girls
I'm just a straight up to us a straight
you need to give me some advice brother
okay cuz I'm trying to get a girl I need
a girl okay all right what do I need to
do first of all you need to see what
type of girl do you like
I like petite girls you know and I
smolder all right yeah they need to be
like judicious like they're you think
you'd be small to say like I like a look
all right so did you get it you gotta be
confident all right don't be awkward
straight-up just be confident you're
just like be a boss you know yet you got
a got a show who's in control who's like
in control but like just be confident
have swag be a boss but at the same time
you a little cheesy I'm a little cheesy
sometimes like all like like all like
well no your smile is beautiful just
compliment her you know
what that so a compliment you look nice
yeah I like your eyes no a little more I
like your eyelashes Oh like yeah okay
like something like tell me your best
Ajay can write say another now get me
you know okay say say you should message
Adam no no no good not an amateur
she was one of my eats of questions I
said but yeah she was no no no shyam
shoeshine what time is it any guys we're
calling it neither one sec guys he's
pouring hot coffee into ice
now as ice coffee that is no ice coffee
that's just I still don't like you bring
yourself fortunately in bandar never
answered so until next time right side
bro I got you I'm the best wingman thank
you yeah you're right there's a good man
guys it's really good wingman officiate
guys are the hottest is speaking the
truth is and Ana I don't think we
a lot of you might think that made an ID
or going somewhere I don't know if she
likes me so so she doesn't like me maybe
should I add every single anyways for
that it's very so peace out rather these
are my be relationship advice on my team
and now I'm gonna go get a haircut for
your manager oh wait a minute guys now
this is gonna give me a haircut or you
got me bro I swear listen I'm trying to
get girls soft in my haircut you're
gonna find your wife let's go hi anyways
we are back with my boy rock guys
today he bought four pairs of Yeezys
yes sir guys one of them is these he
picked these up so cheap I'm jealous
my shout out to the guys that saw the
term they were so awesome $300 shout out
to the kids that saw this man you guys
are legendary anyways right now yeah
they're worth the good fun I paid 700
for mine anyways right now we are
heading out to go have some dinner
apparently it's a nice blog Google place
and we doin dinner with Kevin Walker Oh
Kevin Hart and fed you oh so it must be
nice aye so we're going to let's go have
some fancy dinner yeah I just had dinner
with Adam but he was giving me dating
advice
Oh guys look at this entrance this is
insane Oh
oh my god oh my god guys check this
place out
I know it's kind of dark over here so
let's go to the table so check it out
right now we are having our dinner over
here a we've got my boy wash it you
already know guys look at that so they
have the coolest statue ever but what is
that supposed to be fatty food ah that's
a Buddha
oh oh guys whoa okay so I clearly came
to show you this they actually have a
pond over here in the restaurant so
right next to the statue there's a ton
of fish anyways for now we just finish
eating our food Oh school to come here
again let's go dinner wasn't as fancy as
I thought yeah I've been there i done
that okay yeah all right guys so let me
show you what room we stay in so if you
guys want to attack us you've got cash
in the room a hundred thousand that time
come to the hotel you get the car done I
might alone with the car done we are
back at the hotel
I Rachid Rachid we have to do something
we have to show them everything we
bought today you ready for down bro you
don't like you can open a store right
now so check it out we are back at the
hotel and everything you see over here
is what we got all right so take them
through what I go
damn bro alright guys so
but you are gross bro this is gross you
can't you can't smell shoes and lick
them and kiss them all the time I guess
that all right so tell them what did you
get today but these and I wore them just
now
all right so the first pair I should go
is a white pair of Yeezys v2s he picked
these up a killer price $300 then
secondly he got these for $400 brand-new
guys another one so this is the brand
new Yugi that just came out the blue
mints or the blue ice meets $400 as well
which is pretty good I mean basically
Ross had got three pairs of Yeezys today
and the most special thing you got is
bound guys if he ever tries to sell you
a shoe do not buy it kicks money money
kicks my sweet of the love know what we
need to sort this guy out find another
we need to find money kicks his wife bro
I don't need bro imagine we find you a
girl that loves sneakers - hey guys that
is what Raschid got I also got a pair of
the new Yeezys bro don't touch my Easy's
bro you don't need the Box huh no I do
throw away
