hey guys what is up mo here and welcome
to another vlog now this is the last mug
before I go on Monday to device so yeah
hopefully now make vlogs more
interesting and I'll have much more
things to show you guys but for now
going out I'm going to take you guys
with me so hopefully you enjoy this blog
as well so let's go peace
alright guys at the moment I'm in my
sister's car now this is kind of
advisably anyone that has a car and
leaves over winter if you do have a car
and it's just stayed there without
turning on try and turn it on every
couple of days I have twice a week
because the car just gets I think it's
bad for the engine or something I don't
even know exactly what it is but I've
heard loads people say it so I'm telling
you guys as well so I'm just going to
start it up and yeah just leave it for a
couple of minutes oh it warms up and
just do that probably tomorrow and off
the tour Friday Eve as well just so
because it's going to be left here for
like a week or two or whatever it is and
yeah it's good to turn it on while
you're here I guess so yeah peace
alright guys today is another day I
decided to combine today and yesterday
in one block and today we're gonna go
get my rabbits away we packed up their
cages and they're going to the patio or
wherever they're going to take care of
little things for the pet hotel and yeah
I'm going to show you their cages you
put them here yeah they're ready to go
so I'll see when we drop them off and
yell but you look love from their PC
alright guys we're just about to drop
off my rabbits I just wanted to show you
the surrounding just cuz the places
somewhere really weird I'm just going to
show you go look ahead and yeah like in
the middle of like some chocolate place
but like the place is actually pretty
nice but getting here is really weird
but you have to parsley we garden or
swap so ever they are I know the swamp
is like a little parking it's really
forest the end the part is breathing
room
Lea once you've done them off I'll go
home wrap up the blog and yeah as I said
in my lost or yesterday's part of the
video this my last vlog before I go on
holiday so hopefully the loads yet bear
more interesting and you guys are doing
the Mormon for now peace out
alright guys I'm just going to wrap up
today I gave my rabbit to the power
hotel now they're there they're going to
be there for like three weeks I'm going
on holiday I went to get my haircut I
got a really short just because I am
going to be going away for 3 weeks and I
don't want to get it cut over there yeah
so tomorrow's my flight they're going to
pick us up at quarter past twelve I'm
gonna vlog the whole thing and a vlog
when I'm there so hopefully you guys
have enjoyed it so far but the blokes
will get much more interesting and see
you guys soon with other bear vlogs I
guess so yeah peace
