hello yo guys what is up Moshe and
welcome to another vlog now I know I
haven't been vlogging for ages and it's
free with me so let's go ahead and get
into the car but yeah I haven't been
vlogging for ages because I've had a
midterm exams let me see how you guys
are soon alright yeah that's good I
think I can manage this camera here
please yeah there we go I don't know if
you guys can see about the steering
wheel or if it's just me but yeah
basically let me close door mommy had
always run out of breath without over
stop doing that basically I had midterm
exams we go ahead and switch one this
far oh yes I had loads of midterm exams
I'll pick up the cover because it like
shakes a lot with the cars first turned
on let me just double check you guys can
see me again but yeah I had loads of
exams now they're over when there are
midterms and I started vlogging again I
was like damn there's like 10 days I'm
uploading the video which is really bad
so yeah I'll be vlogging today I'm going
out my friend's place but why might you
take the gopher out and this little
helicopter thing I have so hopefully
it's good let's see how it goes and
peace out
you
right so that's the cages guys we're
about to go play some football
but the boys behind me I know you can
see them but ya say I don't know me yet
we're going to go play football
I'm probably the star recording dance
with me they always nation guys look at
this doggy oh it's gonna go where I
didn't know it hey watch the dog spirit
on iPhone even see this guy - yo guys so
he didn't manage to take this heavy path
big Alphonse gonna record inside tried
to have tips on present record agree
suck
Oh
where
that's gonna dock man on the floor gasps
ooh pieces
