yo guys what is up mo here and welcome
to another vlog now today my sister is
back from Dubai she's right in front of
me walking and we need to go and wash
our cars as you can see there but yeah
we're gonna make our way to the car wash
and see how it goes my mom's over there
yeah it looks pretty washed to be us I
don't even know why we're taking them
out for a wash but yeah uh yeah we're
just gonna take them out for a wash
anyways and yes she's actually not used
to driving the opposite side so
hopefully we don't crash on the way so
see you there
alright guys we are just about to leave
em close my door and see a cross my mum
and sister I don't know if you can see
me but yeah we're waiting until her car
heats up just as hasn't been used for a
while but yeah we'll leave in a second
and yeah that's priest mad they've been
even moving son but I see there alright
guys so we're at the car wash right now
our cars are getting washed I don't know
if you can see that it's very light
reflective but my sister has colored her
hair
tell her what you guys think about the
color she looks like a typical Iranian
if you guys don't know that's our
Iranian to look nowadays yeah they have
like but each stop blonde hair but yeah
tell her if it looks nice she likes it
so yeah we're just really waiting for
the guys to go wash I think I'll take
quite a while not sure how you can see
the screen actually I can kinda see your
affection in because here
but yeah once you're done here go home
and see what we do from there and what
is my mom telling me to do I don't even
know oh she said we're going to
Sainsbury's design science the accents
are just amazing oh yeah we'll go to
signs Burnie and luggage for you oh yeah
see there so guys the cars have just
been washed my sister's cars in front of
mine steaming away I have no idea I
think it's steaming cuz it's really cold
yeah that is the reason it's just been
washed so that's probably another reason
but yeah we got them washed we're going
to Sainsbury's as my mum said in a weird
accent but I'm just going to follow my
sister and I don't really think I should
be vlogging so I'll continue once I get
to Sainsbury's guys I don't want to get
fined guys me and my sister are
head-to-head at the light we have to go
the same way
so who win there's literally no way you
can go because we have to be right there
behind them car so that's about 20
meters 20 be a race let's go Oh sad
times I don't care I'm still vlogging it
because I'm gonna beat her ass at this
race and the light's still red are we
ain't moving I don't know if you guys
can see them that well and I need to
turn down the radio because it's kind of
annoying but yeah hopefully the lights
turn green anytime soon because that
will help and there's a full moon I
don't know if you guys can see it it's
over there you guys can see it that's my
finger which looks pretty cool to me
alright lights are going to turn green
soon come on come on turn green nope
Dabra lights are still green alright
there we go
Wow I just completely destroyed my fr4 F
oh wow I was not expecting that guys I
was trying to vlog my Etsy at
Sainsbury's I feel so gut smacked
so guys we're shopping at the moment and
I'm making my sister push the cart thing
because obviously she hasn't been
shopping for a while and we're teaching
her how to shop herself so yeah that's
how you do it you put whatever you want
in here and then you push it to the
counter and you buy it that's how you
shop but yeah that's a life lesson today
hopefully you guys like as well and I'll
see you soon
yo guys what is up welcome to another
vlog and as you can see it is fully
snowing behind me I'm gonna go ahead and
show you the floorlet that's full of
white and it's all snow but yeah it's
awesome I just came out and I'm just
going to show you the struggles because
my car is completely snowed up and I
have to use this so ever it is I'm gonna
swipe here across and look at that that
is pretty awesome like even though it is
really really cold I actually do not
care because it's snowing I love snow
and it's pretty cool let's go ahead and
see if we can write mode logs nope
ever
that was the one kiss em I've ever drawn
but I'll take it later I'm gonna go
ahead and finish off my car like kinda
remove the snow with this thing
and ya get headed to uniques I'm kind of
late anyways but yeah look at this so
awesome
and yeah I had the car wash yesterday so
this isn't really helping it out so yeah
I don't I don't think I should have done
it yesterday when I was gonna snow today
but I didn't know to be honest but yeah
look at this is actually really really
cool and Dov's no bullfight
may I see you guys soon and yeah so I
wanted to show you peace
