oh good what so I'm starting out today's
vlog in a very unusual spot with Logan
listen I don't even know if I should
tell you what just happened let me do it
for you a Bugatti broke I was the one
driving and when that happened not just
that tell them the whole story the cops
cop sauce they pulled us over the sound
was like doing some selfie stick stuff
when Logan had a for meet her selfie
stick out the bugatti on the main road
and CID potato potato
selfie sticks my motto birthday luckily
he's famous guy so we took a couple
selfies and it's done for now we need to
go somewhere so let's get this happening
let's do this yeah I don't know if it
was Logan's fault or the car but like
I'm just gonna I'm gonna blame Logan
anyways boys we are starting out the
video in the deserts of Dubai as you can
see a lot has happened already like I
don't even want to explain you guys ah
ha good morning morning all right guys
what just happened right now we got
pulled over by the cops guys does this
always happen to you guys almost all the
time he got arrested in Italy got
arrested just now and why
oh my god what is happening
oh this and no and I have the wrong type
of friends but I have nothing to do with
this my name is Charlie and I'm from
somewhere else no these guys are insane
crazy I know I know this sounds crazy
but right now Logan actually wants to
drive this in the desert good luck bro
good luck I love you bro but I don't
think it's a good idea none of my if the
car flips see you you know don't do this
don't don't don't do it bro this about
eight okay fine
what's happening man
bro you're crazy listen I just want to
say Logan and his crew are probably the
craziest people I've met in my entire
life I don't know what just a mug shot
like a crazy man I have nothing to do
with this I just want to go ah
no again no again hi guys this is
probably the most nerve-wracking moment
of my life I'm giving my Ferrari to
manager Jeff I won't do anything stupid
I promise
I actually like it more than the Bugatti
yeah right I swear the Bugatti is like
just crazy stupid
why my son
Oh Down Goes the drone it's down there
the drone died it dropped it died you
know what happens they hit a pole boom
yeah so apparently the drone is
somewhere here holy moly
Heather bad luck I don't like any drone
drone went down draw hit Pole police
stop police stop me
do you think it's time to leave like
that says you get the fuck out of here
now let's go let night guys let's go the
last thing that can happen today is Jeff
crashes the Ferrari Oh bro if you crash
great clickbait god be amazing today
he's not worth it doe but greatly great
could get a hundred million views
Brendon what he gonna show us oh you
can't you can't even tell me I wasn't
whipping this booty shots well let's see
I remember you were so close so Jeff
what do you think about my car I love
your bite right now ten thousand over
sticking I'm down ok so I'm not sure
what Logan has done but the Bugatti is
actually broken down right now like I
have no idea what he's done apparently
the engine coolant level is low or
something so I think all that need to do
is add some water but right now we're
stuck in the desert with a Bugatti and I
think her recovery truck has to pick it
up so yeah I'm worried so for now we're
all heading out the desert it was so
much fun you know what happens guy
crashed the drone into one of those
holes put it in there ready
yeah anyways I don't know what Logan did
to the Bugatti but right now they have
to tow away yeah it's all good it's just
we just want to make sure it doesn't
overheat because this guy is flooring it
our voice so right now we are back at
the crib ratchet science place but right
now we're all watching my old old videos
back then rush it used to be a baby man
what happened it's actually so crazy
looking back because you realize how
much you've changed and like food is a
wall food is here food food food
oh it's so beautiful
it's so beautiful sighing you want some
bro bro what diet give up I'm trying to
motivate you in life just give up a few
moments later wait mode CT wear some
pants bro
they can't adjust you're gonna scar them
for life now stop showing them to be
right here hi boy so we just made a home
right now I just hit yes we know we know
we know everybody's tagging you I heard
that your listen from the ball my heart
I just want to say you guys are
absolutely amazing
I hit 1 million followers on Instagram
guys if you have already felt bad I am
going to do the biggest giveaway ever
what allogram Wow ever
what's the giveaway well if I told you
that you wouldn't follow me so you have
to go on Instagram to find out
all right guys five right
if you want to win the prize ladies ever
give it away on this channel all right
now but yeah anyways all jokes aside I
really do want to say a big thank you
like I don't want to get all emotional I
don't like you know like tears of my
eyes and stuff like that but without you
guys nothing could happen like literally
nothing all the crazy stuff I do is
because of you guys sucks just just I
need a motive silence you guys are
amazing
just clap for yourselves right before
you click off this video it's finally
time to announce the giveaway winners
yeah so in case you guys may have forgot
this month I was holding a giveaway for
an iPhone 7 and a vlogging camera so
it's time to pick the winners now before
I pick the winners I just want to say
I'm also doing another giveaway for the
iPhone X yeah so if you want to win that
make sure you subscribe right now and
comment down below why you want to read
it but now it's time to announce the
winners for these bad boys so without
further ado we're gonna start off with
the vlogging camera the winner is
again I don't know how to say his name
but the winner is Chu Internet
congratulations
now the funny thing is his comment is
hilarious guys that says no what do I do
to get notice I really want to win the
camera my channel is dying anyways
congratulations to him yeah actually has
like 10,000 subscribers guys so yeah
congratulations man you win the vlogger
girl
now onto the iPhone 7 as the winner to
the iPhone 7 is unboxing channel is the
weirdest name to a chapel I've seen
there's just cool function channel I
hope you have enjoyed congratulations to
the two winners honestly guys I'm gonna
try my best to keep on doing these
giveaways because I know you guys love
that so so much and you got a chance to
win some pretty cool stuff but yeah
anyways I'm gonna wrap up today's video
here make sure to like if you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to do all
that good stuff
turn on the notification Bell you
already know guys and good luck to
anybody entering for the iPhone X
because I will be picking the giveaway
winner very soon I love you guys stay
awesome and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
