yo guys what is upload yet or welcome to
another vlog none this is a lazy Sunday
type of blog just because I'm really
sick and it is Sunday so that's quite a
lazy Sundays but yeah I mean I'm just
about to take my carbon petrol and I'm
just waiting for it to warm up at my
sister's car as well I've heard none of
my sisters gorgeous until then he I've
told you guys this in my previous videos
like when you don't use a car just like
turn a home once in a while let it warm
up and it's good feeling hard because
like the battery doesn't die or
something but yeah just about to go for
petrol in the car it looks really weird
when you're looking again you're like
what the hell am I looking at but yeah
that's why we look away wait I just got
perpetually Garbutt loads of clips to
put into future videos I just haven't
had the time to edit them out I've been
really busy but yeah it will see clips
on Kitty so yeah stay tuned in this
video to see how he is doing
I'll see ya soon hi this is my sister
trying to feed our kids she's on skype -
I'm recording and she's trying to give
her her medicine but this is our cottage
you barely wanted to have it what you
gonna for is it delayed we're trying to
have a new fit but yeah that's where you
guys Aussie of cheese doing bear she is
doing bear and she's just feeding her
medicine but it's really touching thanks
ru antibiotics there you can see her
just like not wanting to take it but
slowly slowly she forces it around but
yeah that's how kids do they want
and the color jeez those cute but she's
actually becoming a bit of wild I think
right she is a street cat and on their
shows Mansfield stuck but she loves it
lying down like all she does is sleep
he just gets our gauge and oh okay oh
yeah that's that's what I meant like
she's getting a bit wild guys she she's
kind of feisty when it comes to this
pinky old fluffy thing okay but yeah
she's really cute and yeah she's doing
