yo guys what is up welcome to another
blog I'm in the airport that's where
we're starting off the vlog this section
is very empty sigh deciding the blog
we're just going to go through security
suits I will have to end the vlog but
yeah I am leaving now I don't know why I
started the blog in the airport it's
just gives us like in the morning now
it's like 11:00 well that's pretty early
anyway so I can rework the vlog until
now but I will record the lounge for you
because here it is the evidence and
that's where the lounge is based this
has the best lounge I think anyways so
yeah our money our breaths all and the
blog and I'll continue later on what you
call security as what is up i'm in the
lounge now i'm in the lounge with my mom
this is actually the kids section just
because i like the food here i'm gonna
go ahead and show you i got this is on
the food distant d'azyr I already ate my
hotdogs but yeah my flight is in like
two hours view and then got some
souvenirs with my mum while we're in the
free shop I don't really record that
because it was boring as hell like I was
trying to make my mom leaves just one of
my chocolate for some guy all some guy
no I'm just kidding a lot of our friends
but yeah we got that and now we're just
sitting there now Dre for a flight I
will record went on the fly and I won't
even take a snapchat photo not snapchat
but my Instagram photos they go ahead
I'll leave a link to my Instagram down
below and follow me there but yeah for
now
I'll see you guys there peace out
they're due to do
guys I'm just leaving the lounge you're
gonna go board our flight the gate isn't
even open but my mom is making us rush
for no reason I'm the one rolling along
in the bag and yeah I'll see once we got
the fight hope you guys enjoy peace out
as I'm making my mom do hard labor yet
and carry my bag sorry carry my bag come
on y'all I I'm gonna hit you guys the
gate wasn't even opened we're making our
way back to the homes they are so stupid
we're going down in the elevator son
guys it's a voiceover I lost the
original audio to this clip but
basically I was showing you guys the
seat cells leaving the airplane was
quite empty sighs just use this
opportunity to show you the seats and
they look amazing
by LSU the next step guys all right guys
I'm finally in London that's going to be
the end of the vlog for today hopefully
I could record a couple of pics for you
while I was on the flight or I'm just
getting here but if you did enjoy this
video drop a like go share my videos
also go check out a video me and my
sister did that was very reacting to kay
sighs video it came up pretty cool now
this video is probably gonna be like a
week from now and I'm recording it just
goes up with so many clips I haven't
uploaded but yet I'm still go check out
anyway so I'll see you guys later peace
out
