hey guys what is up mo here and welcome
to another vlog now I'm outside I'm
about to go out today I'm only here for
another two days I'm just gonna go ahead
and show you my view we've got the Lambo
here we've got the range opposite it
looking beautiful and yeah I said my
last it's not my last I'm going away on
the 8th and today's like the 6th or the
7th but yeah I'm only here for like
another two days I'm kind of sad I'm
gonna be missing this car just looks do
amazing and I've been out with it quite
a bit here I'm gonna drive it today a
big at night or two more maybe when I
have time just to drive it for once cuz
I haven't really been driving out like I
haven't driven it just because I've been
really busy and stuff and also my
sister's been busy I will continue
vlogging once we go out hopefully you
guys have enjoyed the past few vlogs
I've made here hopefully they've been a
bit more interesting to the ones I made
in England or London but I will be
vlogging my journey back and yeah
hopefully as I said you enjoyed them so
yeah peace out guys guys Lambo is open
my sister's getting ready to take an
Instagram for another reason to follow
her because she takes really nice photos
and the interior again you guys must
have seen it before when I didn't get in
it but look there it is again looks
beautiful what material is it by the way
for the interior its Alcantara the plan
is quite expensive that material like
it's more than if you want to get a
leather interior but it does look really
nice but it is very delicate I think it
rips quite easily oh yes see I sued okay
guys we are on our way out with my
family me my mom and my sister that
you're in this I think you can see my
mom oh yeah we have to wait for the gate
to get opened we're going out to a mall
today is not even the one but they're
not opening the door
come on get out security please alright
let's wave oh yeah we're going to the
mall maybe do some shopping see what is
going on maybe have a bit of lunch or
dinner I don't even know what time it is
to like what I'm hearing it feels like
it's really early when it's really
daylight
it's five o'clock I feel like it's like
12:00 or 1:00 we are gonna go to the
mall I might mock their little hopefully
the quality of this camera is better
than my phone and this is the new
vlogging camera icon and left my sister
drives so badly is actually a joke yeah
yeah I've never told you guys the
interior off the range of this was very
nice as you guys can see and it's got
loads of space compared to the Lambo
which has no space and you can literally
fly over bumps like not fly but it's not
like the lab I really have to slow down
like really really hope you can just
literally just go over there but nothing
happens but yeah they say oh my god
there's so much Sun if you guys can't
even see it but yeah once you're out
I'll continue vlogging on the highway
and I'll see you guys soon peace hey
guys what is up find out where the more
I know I'm gonna show you this
 peanuts I'm gonna turn the
camera around and yeah my sister's here
ever there but look at these you break
the immersion and there's a feeder
inside them I wanted to show you guys it
was pretty cool yeah you need to feed
that administer your waste into that
outfit your later on when we're going
out what sister still eating but yet
I'll just infer NASA was very
interesting so I saw it login speech
okay guys so something weird is up and
right now and I probably put it in the
title but yeah we saved account we were
in the mall and we were gonna try and
find the car in lost very Park day and
we found a baby kitten and I decided to
rescue it because it looked like it was
dying and I'll show you it right now we
put it in a shopping bag but it's a very
small baby can I'll continue recording
once it's out we need to feed it cuz it
was very hungry I'm very weak like he
was just like there wasn't moving my
sister was like let's take him we did
search around to see if it's mom was
around but no one was around I was like
an empty parking and we couldn't see
anything but he decided to start really
know there is adjusting his sleeping
position oh no I had time to show you
maybe I'll continue working who wants
when you stop feeding it and hopefully
you guys enjoy okay guys so we are
ripping open a shopping bag because she
is asleep and she's very sick don't take
the scissors near her I'm gonna tear up
that far open
she looks bruised yeah her arms are all
bruised she kisses you know we do I give
her water she's been attacked
yeah she's gonna know new do you want to
give her water whatever fattening run
away say it when I mean em I'll tell you
whatever you want just give it to her
just bring it to her clothes clothes
clothes yeah I just wanna make us drink
the milk cause she is very sick before I
was not a very sick couch I'd take him
and I do you have to kind of force feed
them because they're too sick to eat oh
she's not even evening they're very sick
said she should has a how are we
gonna feed her like this my god her arm
her leg is bruised like it's I'll
show you how we're gonna feed her though
but you have to give her something
because she's not gonna eat like this no
just a systemized sugar white she's a
family was in down as well guys the poor
things legs are person we're gonna take
it to a vet right now she caught me okay
guys so she started to drink a bit more
but she does have a broken leg so we've
pulled into emergency we're just gonna
take her right now they have to sorta
leg now I think she's been hit by a car
or a life ago yeah probably a car or a
bike or something cuz she can't be her
leg is broken my mom's trying to slowly
feed her some milk but she likes you she
doesn't drink it but if we put on her no
she'll lick it off so that's good enough
she's so cute oh she's so young poor
thing but yeah we're just gonna take her
to a vet now I'll see you guys on the
way we need to burn my cashew box cuz
when she moves like her legs can't
really control and they kind of split or
stuff like that
oh yeah I'll see you guys soon oh gosh
she's sleeping night right here we're
just waiting what this just couldn't be
putting on her jeans and we're gonna go
quickly go take her to the emergency vet
and saw her out and I hope she gets
better
okay guys it's currently 3:00 a.m. we
just got back from the vet we left the
kid there apparently needs to do some
surgery later on but we have to see if
it can even survive now but we left it
there to get better they're gonna put
like sermon stuff I'm going to bed now
I'm going to end the vlog hopefully you
guys enjoyed and hopefully the King gets
barren I'll show you guys when it gets
older but yeah see you guys later and
peace out
