good morning what is up everyone
yeah good morning welcome back to
another beautiful vlog today is our
first official day here in New York or
our first full day and I'm here with my
boy money kid bro what are you wearing
bro they're gonna think that we're about
to kill somebody what the hell so today
the plan is we're actually gonna be
shopping in New York City if you guys
check out my outfit a shot of the shoe
their shoes hey guys your boy I'm
wearing full read full read today he's
got the off-white shoes bro so what bro
what are you were I swear you look like
you're about to murder somebody they're
not gonna let us go into the luxury
stores I don't think so so the thing is
this jacket is actually Moncler guys
$2,000 you bought yesterday
you ready don't mind anyways today we
are about to do some shopping in New
York City it's gonna be mo logs and
devised craziest kid craziest kid bro I
was gonna say divides riches kid but not
like that bro looks all good yeah are
you ready
eh
are you sure we're gonna go like this
alright today's shopping with the
gangster let's go good game good game
good game
so first off of the day we're at the
Gucci store guys my boy just went and
got this scarf and a hat we're leaving
right now but look at this staircase
down that looks good okay so it is
absolutely freezing right now we just
finished up in the Gucci store guys the
thing is right now we are next to the
Trump Tower look at the security over
here next to the Trump Tower it's insane
they've literally closed the road off
but as I said right now we quickly
finished doing our Gucci shopping they
are so strict to the blogging like bro
Gucci yang Gucci yeah you need to chill
have you guys check out the bag world
let me show them the bag
guys this is my favorite part a let me
see that Gucci scarf oh my god
brochure there was a hat where's that
girl check it out check it out down
there you know just a simple Gucci not
just a simple lightweight lightweight I
can't believe this whole building is
Donald Trump's anyways let's continue
the rest of the day we're gonna ton of
more stuff the thing is right now we're
heading over to complex because my boy
has an interview all right guys I don't
know how much we can plug in there but
it's time to do a complex interview
let's go
all right well there you go boys that
was the complex interview
oh it's opening what did you see
so they actually opened the barrier and
now it's back up do you see that that's
crazy
hey the road your way is a public gaze
mom who is working this moss next the
Trump Tower this is the Securities
looking at him funny bro they got three
police behind you bro alright guys so we
are done with our first bit of shopping
bro where are we going now and you're
gonna fix your teeth wait we're going to
the dentist right now okay here is the
thing apparently right now we're gonna
go to a dentist and they want me to
whiten my teeth
I'm not sure right now we're going to a
dentist and I might I might get my teeth
whitened for the first time ever I think
my teeth look good no look at this look
at this
hey let's do this guy's it's called go
go go go go go
thanks see so right now we are here at
the dentist guys we are the best in the
business
Wow are you or the luxury stuff so these
are some of the cool people she's done
over here guys so she's literally done
the best top people here and now Raschid
and maybe maybe we do it which I do yeah
what guys a pad anyway sure is it that
bad
it kinda is right my teeth are bad right
a little bit it can become white now
like today or it needs like session
alright guys we'll see alright guys so
this is raw before and then we're
gonna see him after I'm actually kind of
excited right now I've always been
scared to whiten my teeth
but since raw is doing it I'm just
gonna do it after him guy so hey so
right now raw still inside gang is
teeth Wyatt but we came outside because
look at the amount of snow guys this is
insane
don't even try rerun don't know it's
called it's called really to go back
inside bro this is incredible so few
moments layer
you are happy right now this guy anyway
three Jesus look at my friends alright
guys so right now it's my turn to get my
teeth whitened this is before yo by the
way guys look who just made over here my
boy - hey I'm chillin I'm about to get
my teeth whitened
but do you think I'll get the girls huh
always peace peace peace basically Adams
actually become Neos up later for now
it's my turn to shine it so it's time to
make my smile wider I'm really nervous
right now is it gonna be good you are
gonna need 3 or 4 sessions long yeah
let's go
so this is gonna be your position ok
uh-huh like these ugly teeth who's gonna
get fixed by sha Allah because very bad
teeth very more just finish this session
yo guys so check it out right big shout
out to dr. Baron I do you wanna know
what's your advice and I keep eating
teeths good brush and brush yeah guys
honestly the last time I saw death this
was two years ago I know but she's gonna
start taking care of me guys so check
her out is all at doctor by Josh van
Marsh Gandhi DSS you guys you can find
her in New York yeah I'm not so bad at
addresses whilst address
- one two seven five one five six six
five and you can look like me hey my
editors guys for now we were heading out
with all the girls like uh my teeth
hey oh my god
alright so we are officially heading out
bro we were here like half an hour ago
and look how much snow white Wow yo your
teeth are the same color as the snow bro
alright now we are officially done at
the dentist honestly I just feel so
happy because my teeth look white for
once yo you guys have been roasting me
for the longest time ever in the
conversation like y'all your teeth are
yellow fixed a blah blah and the thing
is apparently I need a couple more
sessions I think to make it like perfect
perfect but this looks nice for now we
are all heading out let's go right now
he quickly came over to pristine
jewelers and over here they have like
the craziest jewelry and watches you're
ever gonna see
check this out so I'm a my boy wash it
right now sure you show them what's
going on guys look at these watches oh
my goodness saw they're bringing more
down Oh another one another bar oh
what do you think well what's the most
expensive one pristine is the big boy
toys what's the most expensive out of
them one of the Russian women right now
so this is the most expensive oh so how
much is that
half a million years anniversary for you
guys so honestly the thing is I feel
like the diamond watches looks so much
cooler than the plain ones
how much is this box worth alone five
six minutes yeah Wow if you guys haven't
heard pristine pewter they're like the
top so you know they do it big out here
so we're just looking around them you
know what what's this guy where could I
find you guys who's Dean on the school
juniors on the spot NYC you down the
best in the game the best was me my
brother
right so you need ice down watch it got
so excited family guys this is crazy
I want to show you my man
tray over yeah what's good you know what
it is not the dot that was still dr ii
feel like we could be brothers you know
yeah we could you know you're gonna say
if you don't know is drape half of cool
and tray the biggest producers on the
planet and do some of your favorite
breakfast all the way up money shower
you made also yes so excited you know it
is check us out
Dre date 3,000 our histogram I'm honored
to be on a biggest bloggers supplant bro
okay can you produce this on for me
absolutely I like that I like that's my
guys give them good look together
you guys the thing is whatever I take
photos I always raise my eyebrows I like
it's become a thing now so have words so
we are back at the hotel right now what
a day it's been oh wait
could have drink up yeah hey okay so if
you guys so today has been insane I got
my teeth whitened we bought some Gucci
we went what shopping I mean there's not
much more we can do anyways bra Raschid
we didn't even show them look at look at
this guy's my boy Rasha would the Gucci
man guys check it out bro
how much are Gucci cigars by the way or
even look at prices $700 but you would
look at the price before you buy okay
fine fine fine and he spent 700 on the
Hat and the scarf guys but I mean it
still that's pretty cool anyways the
thing is later on tonight we're actually
gonna go to dinner with Fat Joe and
everybody else but right now we clearly
came back to the hotel just to chill so
stop at you bad boy so it's been a
couple of hours since I lost logged and
you know I told you that we're supposed
to go for dinner tonight I kid you not
everybody has fallen asleep rocket is
sleeping my other boys asleep right now
look I want to show you guys because we
were meant to go to dinner right now and
they're knocked out
look at this dude yo you see what I have
to put up with listen our plan was we're
supposed to get ready to go to dinner
and I just took a shower right now and
as soon as I come out they're both
asleep like Oh what oh pretty sure that
means dinner is cancelled for tonight
but yeah guys as I said I'm wrapping up
today's monkey let me know you guys
think about my teeth in the comment
section you guys can stop roasting me
for yellow teeth now because hey there
right now there right now yeah I love
you guys so so much I'll see you
tomorrow tomorrow we actually have a
crazy day because tomorrow is the first
day of sneaker con so stay tuned because
it's about to be live I love you guys so
so much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah Leona then pistol
boom
