I just feel like it might not be the
best time but I saw the video you made
it was like a message to Logan Paul like
I'm actually calling you out a little
bit it looked a little like you were
kind of calling me out and I know you
made it but I click bait and stuff what
are you doing about oh yeah yeah oh my
god I'm looking at a lion or something
oh oh there's a lion I came to the right
know what is on everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you doing it so
today is my first day back and divine
and oh boy is it about to get crazy
right now I'm actually heading over
because your boy is meeting Logan pool
yeah right now I'm heading over to Logan
sigan roar shit the whole gang so you
already know it's about to be a turn
update let's go yo so right now we just
made it here to the farm
look who we have oh my god you I'm
looking at a lion or something oh oh
there's a lion I came to the right lo
ghen is in the building right now we're
about to throw him in the lion cage you
ready bro do you need to throw me or can
I just walk in myself you could it's
dangerous though boss I'm Logan look at
my hand you see that nice shot scar that
was the lion yeah I totally got bit
actually yeah that was actually a lion
so good leper
no I was just getting started
wrong Logan I think it's time you ran
drop the milk where was the wrestling
man bro come on man
we're here at the giraffe skies and
there's actually an ostrich too you can
actually ride them I mean they don't
like this yeah so right now we're
quickly feeding the giraffes I think I
saw a tongue action in their car oh shit
why don't you do with your mouth
I will see you later mr. Drax I can just
put the worst idea in Logans head he
wants to ride an ostrich now Logan are
you trying to ride an ostrich the only
solution is to get one in California and
write it there
there's bosses cars in fifth gear so
right now I'm inside with your boy
managers guys listen oh I had to pull
manager Jeff to the side yeah what's
going on Logan yeah follow sigan on
instagram okay he follows rushed on
insta caused millions to him too he
doesn't follow me what he does not
follow me I made a video average you
know always always by your side I think
maybe because I made a message to Logan
full video he thought maybe it was like
a deep thing or maybe may that happen
I'm gonna make Logan poor follow me
today that's not bad that's a fact
just like incoming I need to talk with
youth why does Logan not follow me he
follows me
so right now Logan's getting a tour off
the jungle but let me show you some
exclusives guys check these bad boys out
oh my god hey hey come looks so
beautiful there beautiful eyes I want
one I want another one that's my boy I
said for a second I thought the cage was
in there yeah hey buddy boy so right now
it is the moment of truth it's time for
Logan to see the zoo are you ready
I know two things one I'm not Jake fault
and two I'm out here I just might not be
the best time but I saw the video you
made it's like a message to Logan Paul
like I'm actually calling you out a
little bit well unload right now yeah on
the vlog right now is it I mean look it
looked a little like you were kind of
calling me out and I know you made it
but I click baiting stuff or what are
you doing about oh yeah that video I
made it yeah
okay get the subscriber kind of hurt bro
funny though I like this you like there
looks funny oh you're like I would be
sending her to you you will be clean
right yes this porridge yeah if she
decides to leave you just let her be
okay coffee strainer Oh
yeah I think I think monkeys cheating on
you bro no wonder you're not gonna sell
me this monkey she's amazing
so right now basically Logan got his own
pet tiger cool Logan 4 how do you feel
you know honestly this is like this is
one of the greatest gifts ever received
do you think it's not yours to take they
named it Logan I'll take it it's it's
completely is it do you think FedEx
ships Tigers I think we can do that we
can make it happen
Logan is actually a girl tiger so it's a
gender-neutral name I need to say okay
our voice oh right now Logan and the
team are about to leave as well as yeah
but wait wait wait
when do I drop the news that he doesn't
mean you should do it can we do it now
I need to confront you in something a
manager Jeff told me to do this I know I
need to okay you follow oh shit you
follow side you follow you when I get
home my iPhone is out there you're a
nice this is a disguise they're happy oh
my god holy moly your would just happen
Russian we met Logan pwned
put some respect I wish so right now we
just made it back over to my house but
we actually have a surprise for you guys
so today we're surprising Logan with a
Bugatti okay surprise I think so it's
not a normal Bugatti the Bugatti has all
these logos on it the maverick stuff
nowhere yeah so guys basically right now
we are going to go pick up the Bugatti
and you ready no Logan is about to cry
are you ready bro bro bro you just got a
Bugatti alright guys so we just revealed
the Bugatti are you ready to drive it no
are you sure Oh bro but I'm gonna tell
you something they didn't give you the
speed key tell them to give you the
speed key what there's two keys to a
Bugatti a slow key and a false key they
gave you the slogans heading out but
they didn't give him the speed key I'm
sorry bro I'm sorry yeah hey we still
won we still got three buddies
yo alright guys so right now he quickly
came over to dinner we're here with the
whole gang but I need to introduce you
to the man and my voice your eyes
something more vlogs yeah I'll give them
that energy you give us a listen brother
man this is a bottom line you know I
came with one focus is how do I create
the biggest disruption because that's
the focus I want to always create
history I want to raise the bar
it was I always want to set new
standards I want to defy the odds slow
let me tell ya don't hear it no and
you'll see inshallah tomorrow at the
divine mores and regrade it's going to
be history I'm telling you across the
United Arab Emirates and the Middle East
there's no one gonna be ever be able to
talk what you've seen we're here it's
about to happen to our being rich gonna
be lit my boy wash is gonna be there
Logan's gonna be there tomorrow
come on be lit it's a big day big day so
do we have enough security to handle the
situation do we have enough security
yeah hundred guys hundred fifty bounces
a hundred and fifty one with me out
there guys I'm just sick anyways guys
where should we go over here I'm always
going crazy so stay tuned
okay okay our voice so for now we are
heading out the Burj Khalifa there you
go that has been our crazy day with
Logan honestly it's just been such a
good day because whenever somebody comes
in from out of town I just love seeing
their reaction to stuff if you know what
I mean it's just nice showing people a
good time and today was crazy it was a
little is amazing but for now we're
gonna go sleep so good night rush it
I'll see you soon boom see you tomorrow
tomorrow's gonna be crazy guys basically
I don't want to spoil anything but just
be right be ready
we are finally home boys shower is done
pajamas are on listen I'm gonna keep
today's outro short and simple tomorrow
is gonna be a crazy day ok let's just
end off today's vlog here because you
guys are not ready you are not ready for
what's about to happen tomorrow so big
shout out to my boy Logan Ross shit
psyching the whole squad today was
turned up but tomorrow is gonna be a
whole nother story we are getting we are
hosting the biggest me angry in the
world ever like even bigger than Kim
Kardashian so it's about to go down
alright anyways I love you guys well
don't forget make sure to subscribe if
you're new around here I listen I know a
ton of you guys might be coming over
from Logan's channel or whoever else so
if you're new around here click
Subscribe and become part of the family
anyways I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow Galliano
