little blah blah yo everyone what is up
welcome back to another vlog how are you
all doing I hope you're all having an
amazing day so today is about to be a
really fun day but before we do anything
and look at what they've put on my
sister's car my mom went and washed all
of our pillows and she's letting them
dry on the Lamborghini mom are you good
like are you good Bob like is is that
how you let stuff dry like this is not a
hanger you know that Russia no no no Oh
what
what he's doing the 100 roar should
annoyed you anyways today is about to be
a super fun day but before we get
started look who's back
hey bro you wanna move into my house
yeah you're here every day with me but
you might as well move into the yeah no
I uh yeah I'm gonna do that do it you
actually move in with me oh oh so here
is the thing this morning the craziest
thing ever happened okay so every
morning my sister runs around the garden
for exercise and we just found out my
little kid she loves running so she was
literally following her for a half an
hour while she was running check it out
what did you see that like she was
following her constantly around the
garden it was insane we are building
something special right now
Wow
just like a surfing
okay so far more seems to be okay
Russia's coming Rajan you're winning
you very nearly fell face forward you
know guys are the craziest thing
happened we just mess of yours good to
have a real bike and they're pulling me
on it so that's cool
oh my god that was crazy good
try that that is so fun so now it's
Raj's turn
oh look you can do it oh my god oh my
god oh my god
Roy look how far that skateboard went
near windom are you okay I'm good I'm
used to okay anyways for now as you're
hanging out guys I'm saying goodbye to
my boy Raschid bro I'm gonna go see my
friend Noreen okay so you might be
wondering where we are right now we are
going skiing
are you ready welcome to Sweden oh boy
it's freezing so right now we are going
up the slope are you ready it's time to
go do some skiing
yeah beautiful that's gonna be so
it's go yo bro it's not what's not all
we're doing this we're doing this that
was actually really good surround one
didn't turn out that great okay I don't
know what I recorded but it just wasn't
good round two we're going back up but
we got some supporters a hey these guys
are gonna help us this time all right
okay you guys I don't know why I agreed
to taking her she literally just came
straight at me she sucks right anything
I was just dancing right now oh my god
oh my god
look at your fingers guys our hands are
so furry
I'm walking my pet right now hey oh my
god you're so heavy you're so heavy to
advocate high right now we're about to
go down the sled ready yeah okay that
was amazing that was amazing recording
it literally of the two seconds you
dropped the camera you know what that's
it we're done skiing and everything
let's go yeah all right let's go peace
out guys bye
guys are voice alright I quickly came to
see my friend Roger I go coil and check
this out so I just walked inside and
look what they have BAM
this is my rolls-royce guys remember the
rolls-royce I sold like two months ago
this is the exact same one what but that
is crazy man Oh guys this is my car
look how tinted it is down I just want
to have you again I'm sorry for letting
you go Casper no coming here actually
made me sad bro why'd you have my car
why do you have my car yeah I'm just
putting mine I love this car man just
burn the car looking clean I so I
quickly just came back home right now
your boy is in a suit basically right
now I'm actually going to an event okay
I'm not sure what a man it is exactly
but they told me to wear a suit so your
boy is looking fresh all right guys
let's go let's see what this event is
about apparently it's like a beach party
I don't really know what it is guys I
just heard it's something to do with
movies so let's go
hi guys sorry sorry so we just made it
here to the man guys I will sue the
mooood I'm with my boy TKO is very
serious in Shaanxi chaos Takeo is good I
can roll it to do why because we're
supporting Grey Goose sponsored by the
great boost somebody misinformed you
could be that person hi it could be this
person over here Hey look who we have
you just ruined it so I had no idea but
apparently right now we're at like an
alcohol party or something I don't even
drink guys so
what I want to apologize to all of my
fans I know my name is mugs
watch this channel subscribe you know a
few moments later so right now we just
finished up at the alcohol drinking
event she was in there hey we decided to
come get some food after the events I go
I'll show you guys because it is part of
my day
here is the thing guys it's really sad
but Noreen is actually leaving now it's
officially her goodbye so I want you all
if you haven't already subscribed to the
channel subscribe and leave combo
subscribe and make sure you comment down
something you're gonna miss about Narine
I'm gonna cry though maybe oh don't cry
don't cry so much it is Oh decide she's
going some peace all right so we are
finally back home right now boys what a
crazy crazy day it's been today like I
have no idea how to express how I feel
right now like today is just ah insane
I swear guys so yeah that is pretty much
it anyways as always I just want to say
I love you guys so so much thank you for
the support you guys have been leaving
this week on the vlog honestly I haven't
even asked you guys to subscribe and
I've been getting more subscribers than
usual which is weird like you know what
I'm not gonna watch you guys do anything
if you want you can subscribe if you
don't you definitely could be hey guys I
love you guys so so much as always I'll
see you tomorrow for another epic blog
and stay awesome
Yolo Yolo
