oh my god I am not making this up right
now like my guy Fred just got me a
Cartier bracelet bro can they see that
right it's so shiny doesn't even focus
on it yeah yeah good morning everyone
welcome back to another video we are
starting out today's video in the car
and all-boy today's about to be a good
day so first things first right now we
are heading over to go see my boy s1
today begin all right oh boy guys it's
about to get exciting bro what's the
plan for today we're going to the mall
Wow so right now it is going down on the
blog guys so me and my boy s1 are here
at Cartier well we're with a very
special guest and I can't even do the
introduction for this guy it has to be
done by you all right so this is my
brother guys this is one of my best
friends from the states he is a CEO of
monster products this is Fred the prince
Fred oh my god down
welcome welcome to the vibe the welcome
read so today he surprised us and he
said guys I want to take you out
shopping so I said we I said yes and not
like his friendship is enough but he let
me spoil my friends even more
he has Cartier on already but he came
just for us here so that's good French
or excited super excited let's see stay
tuned we'll get back to you a few
moments later oh my god I am NOT making
this up right now like I know my boy s1
always lie stupid what my guy Fred just
got me a Cartier bracelet bro can be see
that wait it's so shiny doesn't even
focus on it so he's actually got three
that's your both hands together guys
yeah yeah it's so bright you can't see
anything I swung oh I'm not making the
stuff this is definitely like the
biggest gift somebody's iris I feel that
we have to hug it out yeah it's it's an
honor to meet him well we do when we
meet someone in his calendar
you're welcome both of you brings
families together having families
together I bring families together by
the way just to show you this is the
official part here so that you're doing
it from back home
guys check it out this is real deal
stuff so that's the box then it comes
with another box alright not to mention
they're gonna get the gold wants to
bring what is the rose gold I'm gonna
get the gold on - yeah you each gonna
get no oh my god that's crazy
what we do to deserve this
I'm gonna run a car
this is one and most YouTube page and
Instagram and we're gonna give away
Corki breeze oh my god
well it's just like speechless so just
to show you what he has what is this
sick are tearing a Cartier ring how much
is that this one is about two hundred
and twenty seven thousand dollars these
are each one of them
this one is fifty six thousand apiece
fifty thousand and forty eight thousand
this hand alone is over half a million
dollars and then these are Cartier
necklaces same matching colors you see a
rose gold white glow and Wow each one of
these are sixty five thousand so right
now guys I know we've been talking a lot
on the vlog but finally the purchase has
been made he just got me the craziest
gift I've ever got in my life
Oh can they see that oh by the way guys
this is in no way for Cartier this video
is not like a deal were doing cards yet
where we have the receipts guys like
just fifty six thousand US dollars guys
like you guys can google it right now
we're in the Cartier store so we're not
making this up they don't let anybody in
the VIP like this is as unreal to me as
it is to you guys I can't even talk
anymore
it's cartel like when Kartik most
importantly you have to ask me why did I
do this for Mom yes he's a youtube
sensation yes he has an amazing
personality he's very very very good
person
thank you comes from an amazing family
but most importantly I am half Persian
and a half Arabic we read or we admire
successful young men's like himself that
make become a good example for youth and
he is just such a perfect human being
that I'm honored to become his friend
thank you brother and this is the least
I can do you know it's not about buying
a friendship it's not about buying
someone it's not about using them for
something it's a body it's a mutual
respect and I make a lot of money and
very successful on what I do I'm the
chief operating officer for monster
products monster beats by dre monster
cable and I'm not trying to plug that in
I just want you to know what I do for a
living see ya where did he get the money
from we also launched monster money calm
which is a cryptocurrency and we had the
jackpot we sold out in three hours
overnight I became a billionaire Wow
this in past two weeks so it's not about
what you buy and who you buy for is
about respect I've never felt so good in
my life these people are better men than
I am I look up to them they're my
they're my human mentors stay tuned
let's find out who this goes to oh just
to clarify that this is the real Cartier
store guys this is our guy over here
this is legit right this is legit this
is legit well there you go for now we
are heading out of the Cartier store
they literally shut down the entire
store for us right now not for us for
him just to show you bold Cartier it's
like your birthday just happened guys
holy moly so right now I'm just back
home guys my sister's behind the camera
I am NOT making this up to date like
what just happened oh okay les is
breathing right now and let me tell you
guys exactly what just happened so today
I went and met up with my friend s1 my
boy s1 said yo let's go and meet my
friend it turns out his friend is a
billionaire who is like the CEO of
monster you know
headset company guys and he just spent
$50,000 on me what what you realize what
this is so this is actually the warranty
guys I'm a block out the serial number
but check it out BAM 23rd of March 2018
can you guys see that this is the show
that this was bought today guys now
obviously I don't want to seem like a
gold digger or anything guys cuz I know
the reason I'm just super excited is
nobody has ever done something like this
for me guys I feel bad for my sister why
she always wanted a Cartier bracelet but
why do you seem so mad about it bro
why why why do you why do you seem so
mad about it bro I could take it out the
box for me I mean both sides are like
can we get any more diamonds on this no
this is flooded let's calm down right
now I feel like I'm getting way too
excited right now
Bria that is how I started out my day
guys I met a billionaire who bought me a
crazy gig now that I'm back home I feel
like to get back to reality I need to
open some fan no guys I I need to get in
touch with you guys so it's time to do
some Batman opening
so somebody sent me a pink Lamborghini
with a picture of my pink Lamborghini
the doors go up on this is so cool our
names are Isabella and Jamie and we
found your pink Lamborghini in England
the big thank you to Isabella Jamie for
sending this this is adorable guys it's
a pink Lamborghini but has there a job
there's also jamie is 7 years old
and isabella is 11 on two packet number
two okay so this is the second packet i
got guys and this is absolutely
hilarious so this letter is for Lana
okay and I have to read it out to you
guys so it says hi Lana how are you
doing I know it's been a while that you
haven't been in a relationship just say
yes to being my girlfriend what this guy
literally sent a letter telling my
sister to be his girlfriend like I'm
gonna give it to herself who knows you
might have a chance so I think they set
this as like a wedding ring to my sister
so oh my god what but somebody sent me
money that's inside a packet this is 20
Cuban pesos this is the coolest snow
I've ever seen in my life
like literally that was my mini fan no
opening anyways boys I'm actually gonna
end up two days like here now I know I
haven't done too much today but I
honestly after what's happened today I
just really want to like sleep and think
about my life and honestly another big
thank you to Fred that you saw today
like he really didn't have to do this
for me and shout out to my boy s1 for
always showing me love to guys so yeah
today was awesome
stay tuned they want to give you guys
some really awesome stuff is also
subscribe to the channel if you guys
want a billionaire to give you some
stuff for free so yeah I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow
and as always yeah leo No
