I have big big news of me mo blogs I'm
doing a meet-and-greet with Logan poor
I'm also gonna be meeting up with my
friend mo vlogs while I'm in Dubai mo
vlogs mo vlogs
good yeah another vlog was is that good
is that good luck
we are officially here in London today
as you can see that is where we're
starting our vlog right now the fabrics
going to breakfast yeah
20 minutes left let's lose breakfast
time
good morning
alright guys alright now be my family or
downstairs having breakfast
Bobby Bo's over there was arrived back
inside and it's time to go into the
streets of London it's gonna be cold
it's going to be rough it's going to be
scary it's gonna be fine if you guys
don't know London is freezing cold right
now especially since we've come from
Dubai so are you sure that jackets
enough if you moments later
oh yes we found it let's go so as I said
right now I'm heading over to go see my
friend Yanni the thing is he's actually
located where we used to live so I'm
meeting up with my boy my boy look at
the plate number on that car finally
I've made it over here to my friend
Janna my displays and look what we have
this is actually Yanni's new car it's
the brand new Range Rover velar this is
the craziest thing I've ever seen in my
life oh I told you it see some crazy
cars but this is actually his personal
car look at it diorama this car is
beautiful and he's got his plate number
on him you can see that's just amazing
oh here it comes
our boys anyways check it out we are
here and we have the man himself
yeah Eli's a by the way these two are
like famous youtubers right in ourselves
their channel Jenna mais kids some
selviana wife and they Janna might
scheme I love how the legacy is
continuing know what let me take you
guys inside because this is the
headquarter so there's always crazy
stuff check this out they actually have
a golden Bentley guys wow wow wow this
is insane okay I know it's gonna be it's
gonna be one of those Mercedes trucks
right oh my god what this is a
rolls-royce inside a Mercedes truck how
much is it to make one of these is it
like down but it looks nice you scream
in the side with the big screen there
you've got reclinable seat everything
scrollbar and iPads the rolls-royce
roofline in this was the place actually
mine now so I've got leased out I just
rent out to all like the guys that
coming from abroad
ah all the Dubai lot they come a really
yeah coming the witness for two three
months when they're here I'll give it to
over driver
oh I said literally it does about ten
miles a day so right now we're upstairs
chillin and I don't think I ever want to
mess with Yanni in my life
look what he has up here guys my man
just pulled out a samurai sword in his
office bro how'd you have one of these
so you just have this in case of
self-defense this this oh okay
what's that
absolutely insane bro
am i laughter bodies in the bike I don't
even know if I'm gonna have to buy them
here to be honest
whoops now here's the thing boys
honestly
Jonnie is kind of like my London plug a
key and right now he just hooked me up
with like a ton of clothes it's my boys
Omar Beck marbeth everything and
obviously their big logo is the end
and obviously my vlogs and yeah so he
gave me this jumper in it said everyone
and also yo you made me a custom jumper
boom this is the move logs Jackie right
now I just came to say hi to my guy
Yanni I look at this I'm going away with
a bag of freak when I come to the Bayou
in the car to me say it's the least I
can do mom found my guy okay one last
thing before we leave peace I love you
are you giving me the whole shop
everything that by yourself oh boy so
quick start back at the hotel and I have
no idea how to tell you this news
aquella I have big big news of MIMO
blogs I'm doing some Beach agree with
Logan poor I don't know how else to put
this but me Logan pool are doing a
meet-and-greet together on 11th of
November at the Dubai Mall and listen I
know there's gonna be a ton of people
saying I'm lying you know what I'm gonna
let Logan tell you himself
I Logan take it over I'm also gonna be
meeting up with my friend mo vlogs while
I'm in Dubai and I was thinking I might
even bring him to the Dubai Mall
meet-and-greet on November 11th yeah
might be the move so as you can see we
are doing a meet-and-greet at the dew
Bible guys
Logan pool sent me a video
listen I'm so excited right now I don't
know what else to say
Mila your pool are doing a
meet-and-greet I'll put all the details
in the description we're gonna go crazy
by the way big shallots ITP live because
they are hosting everything so they
literally told me all of this today so
I'm just over the moon right now like
what oh whoa oh whoa mmm
bye anyways for now let's continue the
rest of the day guys I just have to tell
you that your boy is meeting a little
good Paul let's go oh my god it's
freezing so right now we just finished
eating and look who just made it here my
long-lost friend Jay guys this is my boy
James honestly it was okay when I first
got here but it's freezing and look oh
my friends wearing these wearing shorts
my adaptational we're actually heading
to go do some bowling with my friends
here is the thing guys I drove at my
friend Kyrie his friend really likes me
and he said if you ever see mo vlogs you
have to tell me but if you're watching
this he snaked you he did he didn't tell
you bro what about your friend I wanted
to meet me um did you tell him about me
I'll tell him we don't get to work
tomorrow I did you tell him I told you
in advance I haven't even been back to
work so right now we are at an arcade
boys and we are gonna try and win some
emojis from the claw machine
No
just as hard as you can not another way
oh come on guys come on oh oh are you
kidding me are you kidding me guys what
the hell next up we have James
next up we have Amy I'm 94 and my
sister's 93 are you kidding me your next
boy is Doug
oh I know that yeah I got that right now
it's my brother's turn I need to hit my
sister beats okay here we go
all right I'm not gonna be saying this
but I hope you
guys look at that my sister just beat me
no wait wait a second guys I just
realized Lana you can actually lose if
James hit something big he wins no
pressure okay boys so for now he just
finished playing bowling and I'm saying
goodbye to Scott so peace out bye bye
thanks thanks for the enthusiasm guys I
love you I'll see you guys back at the
hotel it's cold okay so I know this
sounds crazy it's like 12:00 at night
right now but in the hallway in the
hotel they have an ice dispenser so I
quickly came to get some ice we are back
at the hotel
anyways boys for now I'm an end of
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed if you're somebody that stayed
this far in the video I want you to
comment down mol blogs and Logan is
gonna be lit okay so yeah by the way
guys we had already make sure to
subscribe to the channel I'm gonna say
good night to all of you here and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's vlog Yolo
Yolo
