have you ever seen this one no Yaron
what is up welcome back to another video
today's video is out of this world okay
right now there is a very special car
outside our house we are taking delivery
of my friends devil 16 check this out oh
look at that this car is such a beast
dude Carmen this is massive now this is
this is definitely a first so this is
literally a spaceship that's being
unloaded into our house right now I'm
speechless I mean seeing this thing in
the showroom but like when you see
inside your house it's something else so
right now they're trying to bring the
car inside guys look at this this is a
beast
this is literally a spaceship that's
being unloaded into our house right now
so I quickly came around the front to
show you this bad boy that jamming 6000
are you ready no I'm not ready I've
never seen something like this inside
Poland's house Wow Wow oh my god you'd
definitely be turning heads with this
car
oh okay so check it out here it is voice
the devil sixteen Wow
so first things first look at this car
it is absolutely phenomenal this is the
first time I think it's been in
anybody's house so I'm actually gonna
run through this car with you guys
because this is a concept car so it's
actually still not out we're just lucky
enough to have it here to show you guys
but I want to tell you a bit about their
vision
so there's actually gonna be three
models of this car there's gonna be a
2004 power v8 okay
there's gonna be a 3,000 force power v16
and then there's gonna be an only track
version which is 5,000 horsepower each
guys so like the numbers were talking
are unbelievable and the thing is these
numbers are actually tested so this car
as hard as it is to believe can actually
produce 5,000 horsepower which is just
phenomenal so let's go around look at
the design the car was inspired by a
fighter jet if you guys can see it I
mean just to exhaust the load come down
check this out
check this out Wow look at that look at
that like my hand
two of my head's can fill that up
they look so beautiful you have the
black rims and then there's a nice gold
I don't know but if you come closer you
can see there's gold bolts all around
the wheel as I said this is a concept
guys but I mean just this alone is
amazing he's five thousand horsepower
there's no other car in the world with
those numbers
yeah so here is the thing in one year
this car is actually gonna be
manufactured so it's literally right
around the corner from being on the
streets and in about two to three months
they're actually gonna have a showroom
in Dubai speed of light no I feel like
guys once they open that showroom
everybody is going to be like going
there to take photos of this I mean just
look look at this car and then look at
our cars in the background it makes them
look like they're nothing it makes them
look like they're nothing
I wanna do level I'm on it
so since I want to tell you everything
about the car
this car is actually being produced in
Italy by MOT which is the same company
that made the legendary Apollo
so I mean you have like the top top
people making this car my favorite thing
about this car is the the way it looks
like it's just so like aerodynamic so
you feel like it cuts through air sort
of like a fish cut through air
streamline I feel like it's a car that
people who want to be different can buy
you know it's not your standard supercar
or like a Bugatti or anything it's
something that you can stand out with if
you roll up to somewhere in this car you
best believe you're instantly famous Wow
makes the house look nice it could
actually just be an art piece on its own
so here is the thing just to show you
how cool the doors are check this out
whoa this is legit spaceship right now
Wow
you know there's never ever been a car
I've been more excited for than this
it's gonna get sold up before you know
right in there no so here's the cool
thing okay they're actually not going to
make it limited they want whoever wants
the car to be able to buy it we have a
charge so we have a chance guys because
normally honestly that is something I
always get annoyed like whenever crazy
cars come out they always just give it
to a handful of people but they're like
no you know what if you want it you can
have it and I feel like this can change
the car game the car game is going on a
new level Bugatti where you at where you
out huh where are the other companies
that now huh who knows maybe because of
this yeah maybe because of this other
car companies are gonna start bringing
out cooler designs like as long so
here's the thing as I said this is a
concept car so unfortunately they're
gonna need it back no no the car has to
go we're gonna have to say goodbye
guys we have to we have to leave our
fingerprints but hopefully you know a
bit more about the car now that you've
watched it anyway stay tuned as I said
the showroom is opening in like two to
three months in Dubai so I'm gonna be
the first one there I'm just saying that
right now and yeah in about a year's
time you're gonna see this bad boy on
the road alright for now take it away
take it away
alright here it goes no no the car is
officially heading out wow wow wow wow
honestly guys this is such a work of art
goodbye goodbye goodbye and there it
goes
all right and there it goes it's done
it's official the devil 16 is heading
out goodbye devil 16 you will be missed
down
it was a down yo I just wanna say a big
big shout-out to my brother for bringing
the car by honestly as I said this car I
don't it's never been in somebody's
garage like this so I was insane we just
had a prototype devil 16 in our garage
right right here like it was physically
it's gone now but I have proof on the
camera anyways I have no idea how else
I'm gonna continue today's vlog like
it's that's it my whole life is sad
darling the car is gone I am probably
never gonna get it back let me know what
your thoughts are about that car share
this video I want to see what others
think about this car because honestly in
my books this is legendary
okay I want to see what you guys think
about it 5,000 horsepower just it's a
beast Lana what you think amazing
verified approved wait a second by the
way while we're here let me tell you
guys mold loves t-shirts are for sale
now if you want them link is in the top
of the description I haven't sold these
for two years so if you want to get them
yeah go get them right now because they
might not be available for another two
years
so yeah if you want them get it now and
it was I wore it I wore when the car was
here just to promote the brand that has
been today's vlog I know it's all been
about the devil 16 car but as I said
that car has never ever been in
somebody's garage like that so it was a
big deal guys so I hope you guys enjoyed
the video I know it's a little bit
different than the blogs but listen that
was a special one another big big thank
you to my brother dubai 37 for bringing
that car down like it's just oh my god
like i feel privileged so yeah guys I
love you guys all I'm gonna wrap up
today's video here if you have enjoyed
like subscribe and share this video with
your friends
yeah Loyola
