I'm not sure if that's how you drive I
think you need to get inside the car I
here goes not you're scared hold on I
gotta get my glass of my driving glasses
on are you kidding me I have driving
glasses give me a second
I'm ready whoa sorry man hey I can see
oh my god you're holding my hand I want
you just spam the compensation mode Anna
oh no I agree to this
good morning yeah yeah what is that
everyone good morning a welcome to
another vlog what is happening today ah
 we're going to vid the xB and a lot
of Uther is gonna be there telling the
Nike guys so basically today there is a
massive event going on in Dubai we got
some big-name people Lele pons is there
Casey nice dad more vlogs yes I I mean
the list goes on muddy kicks is there
any reason our heading to the event guys
there's a ton of people so let's go and
see some people
Shanta
so you know mostly pictures while I have
to block holy moly I wish so there you
go that was the event we went to this
morning insane guys the thing is there
was a lot of people there like I told
you Lele and everybody were supposed to
be there but we came a bit too late cuz
Ross had Wentz have McDonald's okay so
we are finally back home right now first
things first okay guys look at my shoes
hey we got the Gucci zod with the snakes
anyways now that Rebecca I just want to
say I can't believe we didn't end up
being anybody I didn't be Casey nice
that no and I forgot to vlog with him
like what I literally forgot to vlog
with him but I think we might have some
footage of him saying hi to me I don't
know roll the tape
but yeah anyways we are finally back
home but that doesn't mean we're staying
here we're going straight back out yo yo
check it out I just fed up with the
famous Ananda I know Syrian it's
different
mr. so you know it's not hate when
people say that a syrian army you could
drive right yes your drive my car yes
only stick no I guys yeah let's do it
oh I'm gonna drive your car so faster
speed limits yeah oh that was a bad idea
why
letting your driver know are you good
yes alright guys I don't have a license
though I'm joking I'm not sure if that's
how you drive I think you need to get
inside the car my car it's okay it's
your car I take it as soon as you sound
the call oh my here goes not you scared
look guys hold on I gotta get my glass
of my driving glasses on are you kidding
me I have driving glasses give me a
second I'm ready
I've never been more nervous somebody
driving my car why I Drive how do you
drive whoa sorry man got it
hey I can see I got my glasses on am I
allowed to do that yeah it doesn't ruin
the car right give me
loving that who never see
I can't even drive faster shopping guys
there is so much traffic right now I
actually kind of feel good because I'm
safe I mean there's I'm just gonna drive
fast and go over the curb in that you
almost killed a couple people ran
somebody over but apart from that she
cut somebody off so badly and you know
where like you cut them off and they
like okay guys I have a cheap car so
like when I cut off people in my new car
it's cool but when you cut off people in
a party they're like oh what a jerk sure
where's the heater oh god yeah yeah I
just gave the wrong babe sorry oh my god
you can't make me do these turns I'm
gonna get pulled over she's wild
I wanted my corner cool hi she's killing
me today a middle-eastern girl driver
car like yo you think I'm gonna be calm
and be like oh sorry like Frick so we're
right around kinda bumped over the back
end though and you told me make a u-turn
voice behind we kind of went on the curb
like during the u-turn
yo I need a Ferrari me the forest
depressing yeah so she was like I want a
car while I'm here and I'll say yeah you
get you what you want you like no I want
to take you back I was like yeah I'm
alive baby oh yeah I wish so we just
made an order to the spot where we're
we're just gonna stay here and eat and
chill a little bit but there you go and
then I drove my car she's actually a
decent driver okay I'm gonna give that
during hey you're driving in another
country is generally hard anyways so
okay so right now we are about to eat
listen in Anantha has quite an appetite
guys hey guys look at what she got we
going on his brother also so he has to
help us eat this my sisters also coming
so you know Oh my sister's been gaining
weight recently I'm just gonna expose
her for that the right now we're chillin
eating some food and I just met the most
awesome yogurts got a let me show you
his phone case check this out oh it's a
picture of me in here we took this how
long ago like one year
anyway shout out to these guys super
awesome I'll eat you y'all later
thumbs up thumbs up we out here Gang
Gang I literally just saw his phone case
I was like wait that's me yo yo what is
up I just got here just parked out my
Ferrari over there no I'm just I'm just
here smoking hookah enjoying life a oh
what's up man hey hey I'd of the vlog
camera that's my sister spike right over
there oh that's Ivana alright guys well
we're gonna eat some delicious food
we're gonna have some good drinks we're
gonna have a great time bye guys
Yolo Yolo Yolo yellow yellow Yolo Yolo
Yolo she's an amazing blogger amazing
look and that of loves coming soon
Cummings jelly u2k you do have a youtube
yeah just Inanna
guys check out inada check out mine I
don't have Lobby guys comment on our
videos blog blog blog at she might jog I
think she'd make an amazing blogger if
you were gonna blog er we can become a
blog partner
I get a Ferrari yeah thank you get it
pretty if I get a Ferrari
hi guys so check it out Lana just made
it here and we have my friend Doreen as
well basically the whole squad is here
right now it's time to do some racing
there you go
see I made it I've got two girls at my
Ferrari for once a you're not driving
anymore because I'm a better driver I
got a sitter safe and are you cold
yes it's so cold here I thought it was
really hot I didn't bring jackets oh my
let me see your hands warm by building
la Malibu no I knew it oh my honey
there's something off about that can I
know why there's a boat here because
there's no water anywhere around I just
want to know I just
oh my god we just went down the street
like that that's so cool um so guys what
is this why do you have a poopy Laureus
blog ever like a blur it is hi guys I
want you guys just spam I want you to
spam the comment section Oh Donna
greeted this how do I under it and turn
those off okay so for now we are saying
goodbye to an anti guys super super all
singing I can't speak Olsen hang out so
goodbye I'll see you soon very tomorrow
ready nowhere oh my god you're holding
my hand don't leave me here I wait what
is it good I hate to see you leave I
love to see you go yeah you know what
I'm trying to talk about boo all right
so we are finally back at that house
guys and what a crazy day it's been
today has been there it's been amazing
guys so first of all it was insane being
all of you guys at the event whoever
came and if you didn't come and you're
just watching this block you're amazing
too
so you're pretty much there with me
secondly it was actually really cool
chilling with Ian and I guys I'm not
sure if you guys know her she's really
big like she's a she's a celebrity guys
so today a celebrity drove my car hey
you know when you see somebody online
and they chill with them in real life
and it's like you know them that's kind
of hot though are they young I know you
you probably don't know me back but I
know you but all jokes aside it was just
good chinning those good vibes you know
hi boo hey guys as always of a wrap up
today's look here if you have enjoyed
make sure to smash the like button if
you think that monotonous should be a
thing I think you guys
go spam her page with but that nah she's
gonna kill me for saying this guy's but
listen you gotta do what you gotta do
guys go spam per page with more Nana mo
na na I think that's how you spell it
guys and just add a bunch of love hearts
in there you know make it romantic I'm
just just Hey but yeah I love you guys
so much stay tuned for two Moore's Law
because it is about to be even crazier
guys today we did in love but tomorrow
we're gonna do more Bri I love you guys
so so much if you're new around here
make sure to subscribe down below click
the notification bell listen I'm
starting to do notification shout out
thingies so Jack what I want to know if
Cajun shout out just click the belt
anyways I love you guys all and I'll see
you tomorrow
yeah Lyon oh boy
