goochy goochy goochy goochy goochy game
good morning what is up everyone so
welcome back today is another day we're
starting out today's vlog with this bad
boy eh we're gonna be taking it out
today we actually have a lot of things I
need to do I need to take some Instagram
pictures in my new car so let's just go
let's just have some fun guys you need
to think of a new name for your car we
don't have a name I mean a name for your
new car every car has a name
I don't know come on Casper we have
Musti I think this one should be white
seriously that's the most uncreated name
you could possibly come up with
something like horsey horsey flounder no
what the hell top four names are you
making here goes more in this brand-new
car guys I love the red interior that's
my favorite thing about this Wow look at
that contrast alright so key goes in you
turn are you ready for this yeah
yo I just realized something we have no
fuel in this car no way
no okay well you need to hurry on let's
go
it was so good being back inside a
Ferrari you guys know this is one of my
favorite cars ever so let's just go and
just let's just enjoy the day today plus
you get some Instagram pictures by the
way if you don't follow me on Instagram
Sam mo underscore vlogs on the score I'm
doing a giveaway this week so check it
out right now we're heading to a petrol
station we look at it just to prove to
you guys there's no wow okay so we came
to take some photos with the Ferrari as
you guys can see but we're ignoring the
Ferrari completely right now because
look at this view in front just having
this water and having a little boat and
just going into the middle of the water
and then coming back that seems like a
very boring life anyways right now
you've come to take some Instagram
photos but honestly I don't feel like
taking Instagram photos I just want to
stare at that view oh wow so if you guys
can see the whole device skyline is over
there right now this is so beautiful and
mesmerizing tell me if this is weird I
just like listening to water you do Wow
why do they say even if you go on
YouTube and Google relaxing sounds
there's relaxing do you want us to
record two hours of water silence as I
said today we're starting out the day by
taking photos of my new car but now that
you've come here we're just kind of
mesmerized by the view it's absolutely
beautiful like just that sunset alone
like if my hand wasn't here talking you
would think it's fake
like that's how beautiful is anyways
let's continue the rest of the day guys
let's go so the thing is right now we
just finished taking photos with this
bad boy and we're heading out as I said
we have no petrol whatsoever so it's
just gonna be as far as the car can take
us right now
I hope we can get us to the petrol
station if not then we're gonna have to
push on the side of the road yeah
alright let's do this
a few moments later look at that petrol
right now it's been empty for like two
hours okay by the way I want you guys to
guess how many litres this car is gonna
drink I'm gonna get sixty you're smiling
you know about these things
my guess was sixty Lear's on this car so
let's see can this bad boy drink 60
litres of petrol it's getting seventy
seven litres guess how much I have to
pay for petrol 165 no I've never filled
up that much yeah okay here goes nothing
let's check if it's full oh yeah full as
can be
so usually a lot of people told me to
get them here for I pray but the sound
on this is all whole different level
guys listen to this way the tongue right
now
it's roll all right bring it in time to
park up this beauty inside the house
yes you'll be in my boob in your heart
I'm singing a song boob in your heart
you sure make a joke so right now we
made at home and my sister wanted to
sing you guys a little song flab belly
you're in your final form my final form
at the moment this is my sister's body
but she wants to be this
you're in love your love I know she's in
love I know that's crazy
a few moments later okay so something
has actually happened within the past
couple of hours sorry I haven't really
been vlogging much guys but after we got
home my mom was feeling really really
sick and she literally was shaking guys
and like it just her body looked like it
was becoming weak so right now my mom
and sister actually on the way to the
hospital to try and figure out what it
is because when I told you like her body
is weak it's crazy guys so and when we
got home she was okay but like it just
kept getting worse and worse somewhere
so right now my momma sister Ashley on
the way to the hospital I'm gonna
quickly go there as well with my car I
just told them to head out but hopefully
you'll become good because we've just
kind of been sitting with her for the
boss half an hour and it just kept
getting worse or like you know you have
to go to the hospital
are you good it hurts all right guys so
I don't know what type of my mom has a
stomach pain right now like a really bad
one she's taking like nearly 16 killers
I just I don't know what's happening
guys but right now the doctor is gonna
come and make sure everything is okay
yeah guys basically we're just gonna be
over here for the next couple of hours I
thought I'd let you guys know because
literally as soon as we got home like
she's been in pain the whole day but he
just didn't go and he got worse and
worse and worse until we came here so
yeah pretty much guys that is the
situation we're just gonna see what
happens now and I'll update you guys in
a little bit once the doctor get to
yourself yeah so right now the doctor
just came and they put a painkiller
attached to my mom's arm if you can see
that so she's not feeling well at all
the pain is actually getting worse right
now my mom is actually asleep and
they've attached painkillers to where a
guy so hopefully will reduce the pain
but they don't know what the problem is
at the moment so they're trying to
figure out so yeah it's cold
your hand just like changing color a few
moments later right boy so it's been a
couple of hours since we first came here
as you can see my mom is not here right
now they're quickly doing some tests and
stuff but she is feeling a little bit
better okay so thankfully everything is
getting a little bit better so hopefully
it should be good our friends are
actually here with us right now Russian
Natalia ba guys right now we're actually
gonna go head out while she rests up a
little bit and yeah we'll be back in a
bit oh look who we have over here
Natalia Natalia what's up how is mommy
more so Natalia came to see my mom right
now and her hand is also messed up today
what is today like a bad luck day all
right boy so right now I just made it
back home
as you can see my sister's home right
now and my mom is actually sleeping the
thing is I'm actually gonna cut today's
vlog off here guys so I know it's a
little bit shorter than usual but my mom
is still very very sick she has come
home but she is already feeling too much
better yeah we weren't sure like
basically they run the tests and it it
could it be so many reasons but good one
things they needed her to do is a scan
and she did a wondrous basically this
scan takes like four hours and she was
in pain so she said you know what I
don't come home so we just let her come
home that's steep so hope for the eyes
by tomorrow I'm just hoping she feels
better because at the moment she's in a
lot of pain as well like she's trying to
sleep it off for now I'm gonna say
goodbye here so I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's episode and hopefully
everything does get better I mean as I
said guys this is not really a situation
you want to be in where someone in your
family is sick but it is what it is
and yeah we're just gonna let her rest
up and hopefully by tomorrow everything
gets better all right anyways I love you
guys well thank you so so much for the
support you guys leave and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yada-yada bye
