I think it's time to break the news to
you guys welcome back to another vlog
how are you doing how are you guys doing
I hope you're facing bay so first things
first guys I just want to say you might
be wondering why I'm wearing this okay I
know I know that's in your head right
now to be sure and simple go check out
my new Instagram video Oh
Mohandas curve logs on the score and you
know why I'm wearing this okay so here's
the thing last night I actually had a
very special delivery brought to my
house and you guys are gonna be super
excited to see what it is because you're
gonna be able to win free things like
completely free so yeah pretty much this
is what I got last night guys boxing for
you guys and listen up because you guys
are gonna win a very special surprise
all right check it out the Huawei nova
3e yeah this is a new phone that Malawi
is releasing it and this phone isn't
even out yet like we've got exclusive
unboxing for you guys right now but I am
gonna leave how you guys can pre-order
the phone in the description so the link
to that will be in there but guys right
now we're about to unbox this bad boy
and you can actually win this phone
right here alright let's do this
so first things first this phone has a
fully view display like the whole screen
is the display on the phone it and it
just gives like such rich colors now
here's the thing the phone has two
cameras on the back if you guys can see
that it also has like a touchpad this is
for your fingerprint reader guys this is
a 16 megapixel camera
this has more megapixels than my vlog
camera it actually does now here's the
thing even the front camera on this code
is 16 megapixels so like your selfies
are gonna be live first let me take a
selfie
this phone is actually super super
affordable which is one thing I
personally really love in Durham's our
currency it's like 1199 which is just
over three hundred dollars and the final
thing which I have to say is super super
dope this phone comes with face unlock
yo you heard me guys
your face unlocks the bone like I can
look into this bone and you know it's me
but yeah as I said guys this phone isn't
even out yet so just to do like an
exclusive unboxing for you guys it's
super cool but yeah you guys can
actually win this bad boy like this
phone in my hand right here is up for a
giveaway so guys just comment what your
favorite feature is that I told you and
yeah good luck guys that is the brand
new quali nova 3 so yeah there you go
boys that is what I received last night
as I said I just I love getting stuff
early number one that was super awesome
and secondly they're giving it to me to
give to you guys
so yeah it's literally like a win-win
situation anyways here's the thing guys
right now I'm actually gonna be doing
something a little bit fun on the vlog
basically Narine is still here and I
thought yo why not I know sounds evil
but she's kind of scared of like fast
cars like you know everybody is guys so
yo why not take her to an empty road and
go zero to 100 real quick so yeah let's
go see what Narine is up to hi guys so
check it out we are finally here with
Noreen right now as I said today we're
gonna have a fun day let's try and see
how nuri likes my driving I don't like
you at all and you know that no but
she's never been in my Ferrari was not
launched it for my zero so today I want
to see how she likes the launch on this
bad boy is this really fast
alright because that sounds scared isn't
it just I don't wanna die I'm going back
to Sweden tomorrow I wouldn't be safe
you ready I'm almost ready
that's my girl
Oh
hi that's it guys that's it we're done
we're done
Oh No here's the thing guys right now I
couldn't became inside my house
basically I'm not sure if this is a good
idea
but right now I'm actually gonna let
marine drive the car so yeah so do you
want to die yep pulling the brake on the
brake
yeah it's such a bad driver
Wow we're gonna go relax and enjoy the
day let's go wait where's where's marine
guys amazing me I know you guys are
wondering when Doreen just went right
now right now I actually quickly had to
go drop her off right after we had our
little ride in the car because she had
to do some stuff so yeah she's gone for
today so are you happy that she's gone
Oh somebody doesn't like her somebody
does so here's the thing right now I
came to buy a t-shirt and I think I
found the best thing ever
guys check this out guys this is
beautiful this is this is amazing I know
a lot of you might find it childish but
like these type of t-shirts are the best
oh my god you're lucky so this is the
t-shirt I just tried on guys I just I
just sped it up with this t-shirt like
it just looks so cool all right guys so
right now we just finished in the mall
and we're about to head out but before
we do even come to the valley
cuz that's very parked our car one thing
I know they give you free cookies like
three cookies free drinks and everything
eyes I look at this they spoil us guys
like they literally constantly bring you
free cookies technically speaking isn't
really free because you pay for the
parking but like cookies really wouldn't
mind if I do
no it always tastes better when it's
free guys so before I leave already a
big shock to these guys hey what's up
what's up guys
these guys are gang low gang out here
mobilize savage man six hours later okay
guys so I know this is super super
random but right now it's late at night
and we've actually come grocery shopping
with mommy mo but we have a special
guest Mary
guys so Narine has promised to make me
food tomorrow are you sure she's been
doing grocery shopping with my mom right
now I know this sounds weird but she's
gonna make me steak tomorrow
you know that's hard to make and yes
basically her and mummy mo are grocery
shopping for me right now and tomorrow
they're gonna cook for me oh yeah yeah
get you a girl that can cook they said
all right what are you missing chef chef
Narine has decided to buy mushrooms
peppers
what are peppers for God bless me guys I
think yes all right guys I think we're
done we're done I hate mushrooms and I
hate peppers I think it's time to break
the news to you guys Noreen will you
accept my card
please so right now we're about to leave
the grocery store but you know how long
it's been since I've actually bought
somebody a card like when's the last
time you bought something your card oh
yeah okay I'm a bad person the next
morning and yesterday I actually forgot
to end off the vlog now honestly guys I
just want to say I hope you guys have
been enjoying the vlogs this week I've
had a ton of fun recording right this
week has just been a really good week
guys so if you guys can do one thing for
me make sure just to share the videos
with your friends now I know you guys
already do you're all amazing but just
go crazy it's just been fun especially
when you do crazy things like let a girl
drive your car not a good idea
so so much I my end of today's vlog here
so now see you tomorrow
and don't forget just be happy guys yeah
Liana
