welcome back to another vlog so today's
video is actually going to be very
special and as you can see behind me
banner
we've got my two assistants today you
guys know that I'm one of the
best-dressed males out here okay so you
guys have seen me before I always try
and look on point today rise you to set
ourselves a little challenge so I'm
actually gonna get Raschid and my sister
to style me up for the first time ever
so in my hand I got some money they each
get five thousand to dress me so we're
gonna see how well they can do today is
shopping with Raschid and Lana let's do
this Oh
Gucci gang Gucci gang coochie gang
Russia game she gang Gucci Gucci game
you guys read their rights on no change
you my beloved ook ok gang our first
store and Crotched what do you have in
mind I have in my mind Oh white so we're
gonna get some white and change
ugly-ass fit oh let's go you wants to
choose off-white that is ugly well
that's nice well it's you very much what
you didn't you say we are your stylish
so why are you being so harsh it's
trying to stop me out right now the
first thing he's picked me is this
t-shirt and these shoes it's much better
than what you're wearing
oh this is nothing what are you gonna
use oh my god look at the back only
you'll get more likes and instead I
think guys let me know do you think if I
buy this
I'll get more likes on an Instagram
picture I feel like he can do more
budgets I gave you a budget but you do
not let's do keep one toy that I have to
keep on 12 well to people you find her
to wait
it's 2.5 kid oh yeah right now
Moore's gonna try this first outfit so
now he's trying it is in the fitting
room so let's see I'm not coming out I'm
not coming out this is hardly as a yo
are you ready yeah guys this is Rogers
first outfit
guys you know I have to admit it I she
does it looks good like cool you look
like a basketball player you take a look
jolly for your pockets you owe me
laughing you listen to rashes you know
wash it said if I take a picture of my
back I'm gonna get a lot of likes Gucci
gang which again coochie Gang Gang Gang
Gang this this no office for K no way
yeah so this is the first outfit raw
 has picked me guys honestly I don't
know they're saying it looks super nice
I feel like we could change it up a
little bit rusty he's run away rather
boys not happy about his option he
doesn't know it's time so what do we do
another one okay so we came to an
agreement guys that I think the shirt
and the shoes are really nice if I wear
them with jeans so we're actually not
gonna go get the shorts because I feel
like the shorts are way too baggy so
first purchase is going to be made seven
thousand yeah five thousand each
okay alright guys so obviously since it
is a challenge bascially your credit
card follow my instagram guys cuz I
bought this matter be that looks like
photo what's more under storm Lords
underscore guys no underscore vlogs
underscore if this Instagram picture
doesn't get likes
oh my god I was so now that I made my
first purchase they actually just told
me about a VIP room they have it's good
the personal shopping room check this
out
she's actually really cool guys like
when you want to buy stuff like a lot of
stuff you can come here and sit and
they'll bring you everything you want
like you don't even have most of your
celebrity maybe your celebrity you don't
want to be in public like yeah like as
popular as I get out personal shopping
okay okay
our boys to the next store is we are
going duty shopping all right my brother
has finally chosen his Gucci shoes guys
check these bad boys out so we're gonna
try these on I like the snake design cuz
you know I mistake out here is that good
thing no final purchase we're making for
today is this these look nice they got
the snake designed on them so we're
quickly gonna get these bad boys and get
out here and I think ma shoulda spent
this whole budget so that's it let's say
the last purchase of the day hi guys
there you go
shopping is now completely
we found a wife for you Oh this
challenge is supposed to be me buying
stuff raw when I bought two shoes
for himself
two shoes bro we have to show them what
you got no no we have to do it right
here in the mall this is it right here
bro
bro do it right here aw when I
bought two Gucci shoes oh my god
oh my god boxes so we are officially
back home after a long day of shopping
as you can see we've got my boy rush it
the designer today guys it's time to
show you what I got
okay so this is the t-shirt I go oh this
is off-white now I've actually never
really heard about this brand I've seen
that a couple times but apparently it's
supposed to be like really hyped guys so
obviously the t-shirt we don't really
care about it's time to show you the
shoes so come tear this down
so this is the shoes we got off white
these bad boys were mm never know the
con section what you guys think and now
it's time for the Gucci ones I like that
I mean they both look nice but let's see
them
all right side by side below comment
down below which one you guys like but
there you go that has been the challenge
boys this is how I look like let me know
if they did a good job I feel like we
could have got a lot more for that money
but we live a life a few moments later
what bro we're playing Fifa right now
and my guy what
so I Queenie want to take a shower right
now put on my pajamas but before I sleep
I just realized what can I just do today
like what I just spent so much money
Oh clothes I shoes like what I just want
to say if you guys know me honestly I
never buy designer clothes ever so today
is like the first and lost then you're
gonna see me buy designer clothes like I
used to buy a lot of designer clothes
but I've actually stopped doing it so
that today was one uh today was a rare
occasion anyway she's the thing I feel
like since I spent so much money on
myself today I feel like I need to give
you guys something as well because
what's the point if you guys watch me
buy expensive stuff I feel like I need
to give back so if you guys go and check
out my Instagram page follow it and I
want to be doing a really cool giveaway
this week for you guys okay and it's
also gonna be designer clothes so
hey guys make sure to check me out on
instagram mo underscore blogs on the
score I'm gonna put something over here
so you go check it out go go follow
share with your friends you all that
good stuff just pull up my page and I'm
gonna try and give back to you guys this
week as well cuz I don't think I've done
an Instagram giveaway in like forever
anyways as always on my raffle to face
lucky I hope you have enjoyed this
really late so I'm gonna say goodbye so
I love you guys all and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah Leon oh boy
