yo what is up everyone welcome back to
another video we are starting out
today's vlog in the airport we're in New
York City so right now we're trying out
something I've never seen in my life
it's a car wash for your glosses what
basically you put your glosses in OH
apparently it's not supposed to damage
them this is insane three two one start
oh there goes your glosses oh oh my god
guys I've never seen this bro where are
the glosses bleeding
have you ever seen a washer for glosses
so as I said right now he just landed
here in New York from LA it was actually
a five-hour flight now here's the thing
I thought it was only gonna be like two
hours or something but no no it's
actually raining here if you your heart
so right now he just came out the
airport and it's more freaky now is rape
this is this is bad hey hey right now he
just came out of the airport and it's
actually raining like it's pouring down
with rain so here's the thing when
you're in Dubai it literally never rains
so whenever I come out of the country
and I see rain it's actually really fun
anyways let's get into the car before I
damage my camera he's pouring right now
so we are finally here at the hotel you
already know what it is so here is the
thing as I told you we are literally
just stopping in New York for like seven
hours before you fly back out so we are
on a crazy schedule right now so here is
the thing guys today's video is actually
gonna be a little bit special and I
wasn't sure if I was gonna release this
video or I wasn't you guys know me and
sigan we love to do our shopping and
everybody has their own budget okay I
have my own budget of shopping he has
his own budget of shopping so the other
day when we were in New York last week I
ended up going shopping with him and he
bought a lot of stuff okay he bought a
lot of expensive stuff but I don't want
this video to come across as showing off
it's more for people that like designer
clothes okay and when I mean like he
spent a lot of money I mean it was over
ten thousand dollars just for clothes so
yeah yeah here is shopping with a
billionaire enjoy
so right now me incited just made it to
the shops this place is beautiful if you
look behind me guys I feel like we're in
like a dream world Wow everything is
here here's the thing sigan promised me
I can buy anything I want
okay on his credit card okay
looking like a million dollars it looks
nice
nice this all right now we are shopping
around and the first thing sigan found
is a Dolce & Gabbana jacket this is nice
looks similar to what I have but this
has something it's gone like this
futuristic look to look at that like the
way it looks is insane that this is
clean bro is it my son
I think tight is the way it has to look
bro oh it's about to go down
listen guys right now we are legit
buying the entire store but before we
show you everything we're getting guys
you might be realizing sigan is holding
a camera I want to let you know at the
end of our America trip sigan is
releasing ammo blogs and sigan american
movie yeah it's actually like a summary
of everything we're doing so go check it
out guys subscribe to our Channel I'm
gonna leave it in the description at the
end of this whole trip everything we've
done is going to be edited into a movie
on his channel now normally we buy a lot
of Gucci but I feel like we need to be
different today you know buy anything
look alright check out this sweater you
know those typical rich guys you look
like a typical rich guy right is it to
me I like you it looks nice yeah this
looks fire bro thanks right jacket and
all that
Oh
bow Maina well mom
how do you say it foul main no Bruins
friends so right now I brought sigan to
the shoe section
look at these Gucci's bro look like a
disco ball bro that is so you that's so
you hi boy so right now sigan is
shopping around he's actually buying
like a ton of stuff like I can't wait to
show you but honestly I just want to say
normally I'm not a big fan of like
branded stuff but they actually have
some really really nice things
guys like check this out this hoodie
just looks so clean like I have camo at
ease but like you couldn't tell this is
better quality and like cleaner if you
know what I'm trying to say these are
the craziest pants I've ever oh okay I
just lost $1,000 no 1250
holy moly what I think sigan is actually
getting this one how much is that one
point 2k not bad not bad at all but yeah
for now let's continue shopping and
let's get some stuff
alright guys we just finished up
shopping got a lot of nice stuff oh yeah
so right now we just finished shopping
and when I say we I mean here and are
you ready to see everything we got guys
check it out bro bro they ain't ready
nice stuff - we gonna wear it every day
you're gonna see what we have it was a
really nice collection you know when I
like something I like it where is the
receipt oh you guys check it out okay
listen I don't want to show you numbers
but a lot was spent I got one two three
four six and it is in my bank account
alright guys holy moly this is insane
I'm gonna show you everything once we
get back home Oh leave early so right
now we're leaving this store bro
everybody's looking at us like we're
crazy anyways right now we're just
waiting here for the taxi to get here
but honestly I can't wait to get back to
the hotel just to show you some of the
stuff because it actually looks kind of
nice it's really nice kind of nice I
like it it's okay we're not gonna get
all in one term just agree with me bro
right now we are back at the hotel room
and it's finally time to show you
everything that my friend Saigon bought
so as I said today he literally bought
the entire store so let's see what he
got
let's do this
oh yeah I was as you can see there is a
lot of things that we have to go through
right now absolutely insane so without
further ado let's start unboxing oh yeah
packet number one oh my god alright guys
so this is the first thing he got okay
so he got this really cool like velvety
jacket this one is actually one of my
favorites it's like really really fancy
and I want to let you guys know the
prices these are so just so you'd have
an idea oh this one is three thousand
and twenty dollars three thousand and
twenty dollars so this is the first
thing you got down this looks insane
packet number two oh yeah so this is one
of my favorites that we got today
BAM this is the Dolce and Gabanna hoodie
now honestly I think this is one of my
favorites it just looks the coolest as
you can see and yeah it's just this one
is artistic if you know what I mean
packet number three let's go there's
like seven packets we need to go through
right now so I'm gonna try and do this
as quick as possible
oh look at this what do we have over
here so next up this is a bow main
jumper this is probably one of my
favorites as well just cuz it stands out
so much just to let you know how much
this is this is $1,200
damn I think I've lost count now but I
think this is number four I probably
said this for every single one but this
this is my favorite guys the Dolce and
Gabanna jackets ha ha ha whoa if you
feel it in real life he just feels
amazing it's like this really cool nylon
material or whatever you want to call it
this is Sochi
thank you the next two purchases are
very very boring he went and got two
black jeans this is when you have too
much money to waste okay listen listen
you don't need to same pants the next
purchase is this is a Valentino jumper
okay I'm not sure if you guys know the
brand but all of these brands are like
super luxury this is $1,300 1.3 K look
at it this one I'm not too sure about
again this one I know though guys and
now onto the the final thing he got is a
Balmain t-shirt guys this one's pretty
simple I think it's like a day-to-day
t-shirt but yeah is everything psyching
up honestly a lot of things were born ah
all right well no I don't know what to
do with all of these packets but yeah
there you go today has been an amazing
amazing day if you guys already
subscribe to the channel subscribe right
now because it's gonna get even crazier
so anyways as always we'll wrap up
today's vlog here as I said make sure to
subscribe hit the notification bell you
guys do not want to miss out the next
couple of days
it's going to be late oh I love you guys
all I'll see to work for another epic
blog click here to subscribe click here
to watch my last video and as always
your Aliano adios Oh
