hit'em Oh on instagram at mo underscore
vlogs underscore yo you're in love girls
please
good morning Yahoo what is that everyone
welcome back to another vlog
rise and shine my people have you seen
my socks right now yo your boy has got
them to park socks down I bought these
yesterday in case you missed yesterday's
vlog how how they missed yesterday's
well guys go check it out anyways today
is actually my last day here in Los
Angeles
I know it's heartbreaking eyes it's sad
but let's make it a day to remember
Hey look what's freaking me out today yo
you're the cars car bro good morning
high five man bro have you seen what I'm
wearing today raw look at the yo this is
my jam guys we have to turn up already
no no right now we're just around the
corner from the sneaker store we're
going to guys listen today I think I've
bought enough sneakers I want to get
myself a nice hype t-shirt bro we gotta
get you in some supreme maybe some babe
we'll see what they got but I got a
got a hype you up
the first stop of the day we've come
over to mag park this is one of Caixa
spread stores they have everything a
sneakerhead could walk should we just
show them some of the most expensive
sneakers bro they need to see expensive
red Octobers this is actually the one
that he was thinking about buying use
they go for $3,900 $3,900 part M&M
Jordan for got two pairs one of them is
here for $15,000 in one of universe for
17,000 so this shoe they have a cheap
one for 15,000 a cheap one food this
looks like something every kid wears on
the street yeah this if the color is not
that crazy but if you actually look it's
like a canvas material M&M I'm gonna
throw for the floor that's crazy
shout out to these guys even though my
channel
Oh lunch love you check it out mo blood
hi these guys are super awesome thank
you guys see you so upstairs this is
like all the supreme that babe all the
hype stuff all the clothing you know you
know it's expensive when they put it in
plastic bags the clothes this is where
all the good stuff is oh wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait bro come tell them
what this is this is the LV supreme
hoodie this one's going for about four
thousand five hundred dollars I think
you should buy this today a few moments
later you ready to show all right ready
set go BAM oh my god so guys we managed
to find arabic supreme like it's supreme
plus dubai in 100 yo guys I know this
looks crazy extra right now but I had to
get these supreme gloves like they just
look so dope hey guys so right now
meeting guys are actually gonna do a
three-point contest winner I think it
should be a thousand dollar contest you
hundred thousand dollars I I don't mind
taking a thousand dollars from you
okay one oh wow BAM damn three four four
one more shot
oh my god what some respect on my name
one come on Shawn Oh wager match what
bro this is cheap if he misses he loses
if he hits this he wins if he hits this
she wins right now
I'm on a new level I'm on a new level
hi guys so I took an L over there where
I need to wire you the money yeah it's
okay take your time
the song you're hearing right now is by
a rapper called nerve and he actually
stays at our hotel
he's drinks friend right oh yeah he's
from Canada so if I speak to him I could
potentially meet Drake I don't know
about all that but I have a good chance
though a few moments later who's the
ugliest dance man I so right now be a
Zygon have come out and I want to make a
very cool purchase are you ready for
this we're gonna buy a bomb what this
looks like food it's a bath bomb right
they have this storage they have really
cool bath bombs they even have a face
it's like a face bath bomb so I feel
like we need to get one I know this
sounds really weird
right now we are bomb shopping yeah well
I try to compare the different parts
this is the strongest boom basically the
strongest bomb they have is this this is
gross - right now I just found the
grossest thing ever disgusting it's
gross you can buy edible crickets like
these are actual crickets that have
flavours guys this is sour cream and
onion bacon - cheese
yeah that is Kirk guys nope no way no
way you could buy a lollipop with a
mosquito net
that's a scorpion it's time it's time to
use the buff form
alright so slight change of plans we're
gonna put this boss ball bit inside the
toilet oh my god the boss Bob is in the
toilet
and it's phobic we're gonna flush the
toilet okay Oh what are you doing I'm
getting a seizure it's gone a mini rock
oh and you like anyways besides for that
right now I actually have a very very
cool video to share with you guys so
most of you should know Logan okay he's
been on my blogs a ton of times and when
he was in Dubai me and him actually did
a one-on-one interview for ITP okay it's
a company and this video just got
released now like nobody's seen there
and it's actually a very funny and
cringy interview like listen I'm giving
you a heads up there's going to be a lot
of creech there's gonna be a lot of just
okay enjoy the interview and let me know
what you guys think all right hi guys
what is up welcome to an interview ITP
live I'm with my boy Logan today he
ready No
yeah we've got a crowd behind us yeah
let's get started you ready let's get
this papa
would you rather fight a hundred
duck-sized horses or one horse-sized
duck no ducks are soft
give me one horse-sized duck and I'll
cut him to the moon bro how many times
your self a month at least four times
every day because I just have to
validate myself with human being
via my social club that's our can but I
actually do that that that's the problem
if you could meet anyone in the world
that are alive who would it be dead or
alive holy moly King Tut
King King King King what is that he was
the youngest ruler ever dude cut that
out guys if your life had one song as a
backing soundtrack what would it be I
think it'd be help me help you help me
help you
girl what you tryna to cuz I don't got a
clue no I know it's gonna be me
you've been in movies and TV but who's
your comic book alter-ego Plastic Man I
feel like you just plugged in what's one
thing that you're missing from your life
right now I probably know what that is
you need to go you need to go
like like you know yes you can like have
a personality off-camera but on camera
is she vlog about just how it's gotta be
that's how it's gotta be canta canta
canta ideas there you go dad has been
the questions with Logan guys if you
need some more advice just hit us up on
the DM Instagram to be honest if you
need advice you just hit me up hit up mo
on instagram at mo underscore vlogs
underscore yo your girls please do me
there you go boys that was our interview
honestly I know there's parts of it
which was super super cringy but I just
thought I'd share it with you guys cuz I
don't think anybody you seen it it's
like is it literally just got released
like a couple days back so yeah there
you go
that is our unreleased interview I had
to sit down and talk face to face with
him like it was just it just has to be
done it as always I'm around today's
low-key I hope you have enjoyed if you
have make sure to smash the thumbs up
button don't forget subscribe if you're
new around here yeah yeah honestly today
has been a super super awesome day guys
it was officially our last day here in
LA so to everybody here in LA and
America I want to say I love you guys
you've been awesome thank you for
showing us around and thank you to
everybody who mounted this trip for just
being amazing for now as I said I love
you guys on the end of today's no cure
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for when
we head back to LA
Yolo Yolo
