good morning good morning good morning
good morning and welcome back to another
one what is up everyone welcome back to
another vlog here in LA so today is
actually gonna be a very very exciting
day but before I spoil the fun but
listen guys if you're not already
subscribed around here what are you
doing and if you know where you
subscribe to sigan what are you doing
welcome so I did tell you we have an
exciting day ahead of ourselves but
before we do anything we're in a tricky
situation right now we just ate food and
we really need gum so we stopped by this
house we found and we want to see if
they have gum inside it looks abandoned
I don't know let's just see what's going
on we just were walking by we found this
house there's like a bus inside it
there's a car it's like an abandoned
mansion bro yeah are you Olivia
yeah we had this kabob really does
anyone live here all I need is go I hear
someone I hear something in the roof
they might shoot us if we just walk
let's just walk in people should walk in
I think so my bad guys we just realized
this is Logan's house and he has gone
bro this is where you live yeah but
after you leave
I'm done just just one just one go it is
actually nice place all we need is gum
he got it finally a bread no good thank
you
probably got to there we go now you have
chewing gum anyways oh jokes aside right
now we are at Logan's house guys we have
to come visit him while we're here in
America you know what I just realized he
has the biggest back garden I've ever
seen huge leak really it's my first time
here and it is insane check it out this
is his house I'm sure you guys have seen
it before on his vlogs but this place is
massive and even cooler the swimming
pool but you know what I want to check
out bro what behind you the gym hey what
is that bro what the hell what is that
he has some sort of like sling system I
don't know what this is but it seems to
transport stuff they're just kind of
chillin over here checking stuff out
he's getting his braids done right now
like his hair is just
yeah you wanna you want to do something
what let's transport your watch with
this bucket okay we're gonna put Sai
against $50,000 Hublot in there oh oh
are you ready go to the back he's got
his Hublot in there it's time
works ready
it's alive ok so right now we are doing
a little tour of Logan's house what the
hell is going on over here
why does he have a Buddha thing it just
makes you happy this is amazing now this
is what you call the couch in guys like
having your face on the whole I think
motivates you enough to work out so
right now we're just inside Logan's
house and this is his dog Kong oh hey
buddy how are you oh he doesn't like you
cuz you need to feed him ok by the way
while we're here you guys this is Lydia
hey what's up guys she's super awesome
and just stop Kong from killing me so
yeah that's amazing
anyways next time she's going to buy
right next time before we go they have a
piece of meat in the kitchen which is
four years old bro boy you look some a
bit into it it looks so funny must be
tuck King Kong do one buy it guys
apparently Logan said this is four years
old would you eat that after four years
it's me it's four year old beat that's
what it is this is crazy this is like
and someone does merge right here 60% of
you get it from me
I get discount 60% of bro can we leave
our car here and we take this one yeah
we need to go send you go back you have
for sure man that's got a winch on the
frame
you see the winds just pull yourself out
can we also go on the roof so right now
we're about to climb this throw it's so
dark in here bro this is crazy
sigan is climbing the cool bus made it
oh now who's gonna make it up well wait
you can do it I am I am you just need to
turn I finally made it onto the cool bus
guys check this out what bro you just
ruined the whole coolness to it you
ruined the whole kunis all right guys so
for now we're actually heading out
Logan's house so peace out bro good
seeing you we out here
peace bro until next time I love you I
love you too bro yeah my parents are
resident Amy Logan but Logan right now
we just finished that Logan's house it
actually gets dark really quick in
America like bro what yeah it's just
five feet five a fucking it's dark
anyways here's the thing right now we're
actually a heading back over to my
friends house with tests or white tests
guys I always pronounced it wrong but
where I should meeting up with tanner
Fox yep you know community everywhere
we're friends and we have friends in
this YouTube world is like a small world
everyone knows each other yeah right now
we're heading over to their house to go
chill and also meet Tanner so this
should be fun let's go oh we're back we
are back guys welcome to the mansion you
know what I'll tell you something it's
double gated that means you have one
gate like you just saw then you have to
pass another gate and then you can go
and visit your friends man with your
friends
so we just made it over here at the
White House and look who you have guys
Tanner is here do another one bro they
need to see it clearly guys 3 2 1 what
you are crazy
guys this is my boy Tanner in case you
don't know him he's actually coming to
Dubai very soon in 80 days bro can you
do a backflip over a moving car I think
we should do that I think we should do
that in Dubai you might it's like safe
cuz my friend actually hit his friend
like a week ago doing that Tanner
Braunger Oh a backflip off a wall over a
moving car like under me this will do
something I see it drop a like on this
video bro just note if you die you die
that's okay I'll be in Dubai use bromide
i-i'll be in Dubai right anyways we're
cheating over here guys it's super cold
but another car just pulled up what do
we have oh man we got out we got a
Lamborghini Huracan perform on to you
guys check it out oh oh my god so there
is an orange perform a tea over here is
well bro this is sick it's sexy but I'm
scared I just got it's cold oh it's it's
your car bro okay let's see how it's
done by the way youtuber beat
- - by the way this is the ace family
should I say that yes guys this is his
car bro
you like it bro can I have it I would
like to take it no I know you got cars
just yeah I'll trade that's my baby dog
I'm gonna see if it's okay with my queen
first anyways he's out here so guys
beautiful beautiful car this is sexy
right here this is gold now we're
actually heading our saying goodbye to a
round piece outsider I'll see you in
like a week a week a lot more back then
though one more backflip just just just
go for it go for it guys huh ivory so
I'll go see you in Dubai hi guys don't
forget goodbye to my man over here be in
Dubai - ace family come nice family
coming to Dubai let's go but yeah guys
as I mentioned right now everybody's
heading out my boy Austin is heading out
in the Lamborghini so it's time to start
this bad boy up
Wow there it goes there it goes right
now what a crazy day it's been here's
the thing I actually need to confess
something to you guys and I don't know
how to say this and I feel really really
bad for saying this you guys know the
snapchat losses that I'm doing a
giveaway on I actually lost them today
yes I have no idea but I'm trying to
look back on my footage to see where I
left them but I think it's either at
Logan's house or why Tess's house okay
listen I don't know whose house is that
or it could be in the restaurant
somewhere I don't know I don't feel so
bad but I'm gonna make it up to you guys
okay I'm actually gonna make it up even
more so listen I know a lot of you
subscribe to try and win those glasses
I'm gonna do a better giveaway okay so
whatever you guys tell me in the comment
section to get you as long as it's like
something fairly priced hey guys now
that we're back at the hotel at the end
of today's vlog here listen today was
super also thanks again to everybody
showing us love here in LA honestly I
love meeting youtubers as well guys like
I'm a big fan boy okay I know it sounds
crazy because I'm a youtuber but I found
boy other youtubers so meeting Tanner
and all the other guys are so well
smells like yo I want you and they're
like yeah yeah yeah
Tanner is actually coming to Dubai like
in a week time so we're gonna have some
crazy stuff over there
let me know what you guys want to see
while we're out there so as always I
love you guys so so much stay awesome if
you're new around here make sure to
click Subscribe because what are you
doing if you're not subscribed alright
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
