we are about to show you the most
expensive cars in the world
yeah everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog and so we're starting
out today's video in Los Angeles and
right now I'm on top of the car yeah
ah good morning good morning good
morning I want to say if any of you're
new around here make sure to subscribe
because I'm giving away these snapchat
glasses to one of you so subscribe and
comment down below why you want them
basically we're starting out today's
vlog by actually droning over to the
Hollywood sign we want to get the drone
as close as possible to it so let's go
don't ask me if you're allowed to do it
or if it's illegal or not I don't really
know but it's gonna get some good drone
footage so let's go are you sure you
trust me with this drone
it's alive its alive success high-five
yeah so here's the thing guys today we
actually have a ton of other things
planned out because right now my friend
who owns a white Bugatti invited us to
his house so we're gonna go and check it
out so right now we just made it to my
friend's place and check out this
entrance what this is insane guys look
at this
welcome to the rich kids of Los Angeles
all right boys so right now we just made
it to my friend's house the infamous
retests house white s YJ so I just we
are about to show you the most expensive
cars in the world and I mean one of them
is six million dollars the other is 4
million
bro nice alright guys so here it is the
Bugatti and the codons egg
these things are beasts not your average
code as egg and Bugatti it's literally
the top of the line Conan's egg and the
top of the line Bugatti out here so it's
time to switch these bad boys on alright
so right now I am inside the cone in
saying this is the Koenigsegg horas 1 by
the way it's like the top of the line
Koenigsegg time to switch this bad boy
on
that is louder by below six million
dollars
anyways there you go that is the
Koenigsegg turning on alright now here's
the thing I want to show you the keys
for the conan's like this is actually
the key to the Agera rs1 it's super
super light guys so this is pretty cool
and on the back found Agera rs1 so right
now we're actually about to pull out the
Koenigsegg guys this is probably one of
the most insane days ever
this car is crazy look at this this is
beautiful
it's not everyday that you're around the
six million dollar car listen I don't
know what to say right now we are
literally in car heaven anyways the
Bugatti is coming out right now down
look at this if you don't already follow
me on instagram guys now it's time
because mo underscore vlogs on this core
you're gonna see these foes there oh oh
boy
okay so as you can see behind me right
now we have both the cars now here's the
thing both these cars are actually
convertible guys so if I show you the
Koenigsegg right now we actually took
off the roof and this thing looks
absolutely immaculate okay and I don't
normally use these big words this is
beautiful so I love blue it's one of my
favorite colors this is insane if you
can see the smile on my face right now
you know why because we're about to go
out in the Bugatti all right there
Conan's ain't going back inside this is
car goals right now it's like a dream
garage
that is the Koenigsegg our Swan I don't
think we should rev anymore they have a
lot of celebrity neighbors so I think we
might get like the Kardashians a little
bit mad anyways as I said this is my
friend why test his house guys so this
place is absolutely beautiful and all
the celebrities live around here so you
have like the Kardashians the football
players the basketball players I mean
everybody you can think of they probably
live in this area self yeah ah look at
the wing look at the wing okay it's that
time boys right now I'm about to hop in
the Bugatti and we're gonna go for a
little Drive Bugatti Racing part dude
let's go seatbelt first guys when you're
in a 1,000 horsepower car the last thing
you want to do is forget your seatbelt
oh boy oh boy it's not every day you're
in America driving around in a four
million dollar gaudy this is pretty
special
I think we lost Saiga in the blood there
is the Mustang somewhere back over there
this is insane and the poeple treat
their sigan guys their sigan
no more psychic working six percocet
for now we're actually you're heading
back over to my friends house guys I
think that's been enough of a drive by a
man
the Bugatti is just this car is just so
nice especially this one it's good the
Lord Blanc if I'm saying that right but
work along Linda Orca blog it's good the
lorica Blanc guys so it's a special
edition this is a one of one car by the
way just to let you know but yeah guys
we are officially back right now what an
amazing Drive by the way guys don't
forget to check out my friends Instagram
which s I'll leave it somewhere here
full
whoo oh man it brings back feelings for
Felix to buy feelings were such a
beautiful all right well there you go
boys that has been my drive in the
Bugatti right now he just made it back
what a beast of a car hey guys the
Bugatti Vitesse we test whatever you
want to say it's amazing well there you
go boys that has been our day at the
would test house guys honestly big big
thank you to them for letting us come
and check everything out
thank you very much salute salute
anyways it was beautiful now here's the
thing before I leave this is actually a
really famous house guys because all the
youtubers literally come to record these
cars but nobody's actually showed the
back garden because this house has a
very nice view so let's go check it out
ok so here it is guys the back garden so
as you can see they've got a golf court
here like a little mini putt section
then they've got like their table for
the barbecue oh my god so here is their
swimming pool guys this is absolutely
beautiful
I mean there's not much else I can say
about this house guys honestly just
looking at it you can see how beautiful
it is but yeah for now we are heading
out I just thought I'd show you
something nobody's ever seen before so
exclusives with mo for now we're about
to head out but before I go I actually
want to tell you my friend who he saw
today with tests his son would test
Junior actually has a YouTube channel so
go and check it out cuz he posts this
type of stuff on the regular like they
own these cars soon you even see his
face on this channel soon at the moment
everything is top-secret so let's go
