yeah I'll come back to another bar good
morning everyone what is up welcome back
to another vlog today is a crazy day
shoulder we are in Las Vegas baby oh my
god so we're starting out today's look
in Las Vegas how did we get here just a
little stop don't play don't gamble
don't gamble sorry rush this morning we
actually took a flight from New York to
Las Vegas it was a pretty good flight
check it out
but yeah we are finally here about to
have some fun listen we're only here for
7 hours so let's go and do something I
thought I was in Las Vegas right now but
why the hell is the Eiffel Tower here
what yo-yo Vegas you can't have
everything a couple they even have
pyramids pyramids yep Egyptian pyramids
no Vegas you're stealing pyramids and
the Eiffel Tower
so right now we just came over to the
moon and there's like this bar over here
but humans don't serve the drinks robots
do so those things over there they
actually make you a drink
it's like a robot drink maker what you
guys thought you saw technology what and
the drink is made let's bring this to
the pile anything fraud this is insane
and love that technology that's my thing
Joe listen I've literally been in Vegas
for like 10 minutes and the things I see
over here they're like some futuristic
guys
oh okay so here's the thing now that
we're in Las Vegas the first place we've
come over to is the Bellagio hotel okay
I'm not sure if I said that right is
this thing apparently this is the most
famous casino and hotel so let's go
check it out oh my god Oh guys look at
this hotel wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
wow it looks familiar but I don't know
listen listen listen guys before we do
anything I just want to say kids if
you're watching this gambling is bad and
don't do it but for the sake of science
I want to see science
yeah science I will see what what
happened to $20 if we played you gonna
losers that's it I could win a million
oh don't
a few moments later are you you only
have $2.00 left you lost 90% of your
money in like five three minutes talk
about some bad investment moral of the
story never gambled it wasn't a surprise
he lost $20 in three minutes
trash all vultures bro your investment
genius you made 26 cents out of $20 guys
I believe you about your ivory cash
this paper is worth more than the money
on it like 26 cents really see ya guys
cash about your 26 cents no now even but
don't do that that was bad this is why
you never gamble don't gamble don't
gamble
don't lose your money right now we are
inside a hotel guys I'm not sure if you
understand that this is not a park or
like a sightseeing spot this is actually
the hotel Wow
this is crazy I thought we were coming
to a hotel this is Oh toto for this is
like a park it's like a mall slash hotel
slash tourist sightseeing place all
right guys so for now we are done inside
the casino here's the thing they have
one of the craziest parkings ever change
this out it's like a cave so you
actually go down this cave to park your
car what what is this it's houses right
here but inside a casino guys we have to
go jet this waiting we have to fly to
another city can we tell them but we
haven't shown the Las Vegas will go
alright Las Vegas is very similar to
Dubai without the gambling dope so right
now we're coming around checking
everything out and they actually have a
snapchat spectacle box so if you guys
don't know what this is
this is where they sell the snapchat
losses so right now I'm gonna get me a
pair alright so if you guys remember I
used to have the black one so now I
think this time round I'm gonna go get
the pink one instead so let's do this
okay
Oh Oh what's happening what's happening
oh oh oh it gave us a receipt look at
that it's like a rainbow receipt bro oh
so I just put my hand in there oh I
already picked oh I wish so there you go
this is the snapchat spectacles let's
create open up and see what they are
no these actually look really really
nice I can't like they might look a
little girly but I think I'm definitely
giving these away yeah giveaway giveaway
guys listen if you want to win these
snapchat glasses
I'm doing a giveaway on them because I
don't think they're my color now it's
about to go down on your side you what
are we doing we're gonna see the whole
of Las Vegas from the top it's actually
the world's largest observation wheel is
it oh it's about to go down
thank you don't listen recently I just
did skydiving so I don't think I should
be scared of heights anymore
cry it's good good yeah that's easy
going slow you know what it takes half
an hour all right let's do this guy's
yeah no I'm not scared
I mean I'm gonna take a nap inside to do
our lip scared
it's okay if not that I'm the crazy
thing it's only made sigan up here you
know the scary - like looking down it's
okay but don't you see this this like
when you imagine you have to walk there
but I don't say that don't say that
you nasty nasty even baby misses nothing
could stop me I'm all the way up ha ha
ok you know what actually thinking about
it being up here is not that bad guys
once upon a time my good friend Logan
actually told me a very good life lesson
if you die you die if you die Dubai whoa
look at that guys it looks like my feet
are floating anyways they go boys that
has been our high roller
experience honestly no not bad you see
yourself just just rewind a little bit
huh
I I was no scared one bit so here's the
thing right now we're actually flying to
Los Angeles
Open Sesame
so right now we just made it over to the
private jet terminal it's time to go to
la la I missed you as I said Los Angeles
here we come right now we're quickly
boarding so let's go it's only a
one-hour flight so this should be fun oh
my god Oh y'all this looks so cool guys
check it out so this is the flight we're
going on this is wasteful and another
one but this because it's only a
one-hour flight guys so this should be
fun
yeah yeah we made it finally
Los Angeles Los Angeles here we are so
we are officially in Los Angeles right
now touchdown as you saw now here's the
thing boy basically yesterday before he
flew out we actually met up with Lex and
Stephanie so take a look at this
hey our boy so right now we just made it
over to a restaurant right yeah this is
an Asian restaurant what is it Tao Tao
as always there's a special guest are
you ready guys look who's back we have
pretty much right now we're just having
dinner and chilling over here the dinner
was actually bring you really nice night
this place is super super fancy got a
fortune cookie so let's see what the
fortune
you will get a good response from anyone
you weatherman
that sounds freaky deaky the sight of
these makes others have inherent shock
alright guys so here is the thing as sad
as it is to say today is the last day
we're going to be seeing Stephanie
basically tomorrow Mian sigan are flying
to Las Vegas and she's flying to another
country so anyways guys I know it's sad
but we got to see Stephanie for a day
and a half but I mean maybe next time
we'll see you for longer yeah we'll get
back row back as you can see yesterday
we had to say goodbye to them before we
came here
honestly you said I'm sad row in the
City of Angels changes this is a
dangerous city Los Angeles love Oh Los
Angeles anyways we are officially here
but here's the thing we have a ton of
crazy things planned out guys so if
you're new around here make sure to
subscribe don't forget I'm doing a new
giveaway of the snapchat glasses
thingies we bought today guys stay tuned
this city is gonna be crazy
you don't want to miss it we just went
to some ghetto place same thing no where
are you getting tired where are we boo
yeah a lot of yeah okay anyways we
are here listen I love you guys I'm
gonna end of today's video here before
yeah rest itself I'll see you tomorrow
and as always yeah leo no bull game
