you're such a cheater it's here let's do
a normal introduction for once good
morning what is up everyone welcome back
to another video so we're starting out
today's vlog in my car and here's the
thing guys always check your petrol I
came you could get stuck in a very bad
position ok right now I was driving on
the highway and look at how much petrol
I have okay check this out there's
literally no fuel in my car like I'm do
but yeah luckily I managed to find a
petrol station guys alright anyways
besides from that today is actually
gonna be a very exciting day and let me
tell you why so one of my friends just
called me guys and here's actually
booked out the racetrack today and
they're gonna be taking like a ton of
cars there I mean MacLaren's Porsches
Ferraris Lambos like anything you can
imagine and it's kind of like a private
racing session ok so yeah
yo hi guys so right now I just made it
over you to the track and it is about to
go down like as you guys can see there
is a ton of supercars and AH like
supercars guys but here's the thing it
gets even cooler so my friend who
actually put the tack this chef said
he's from the royal family of Dubai and
he has the coolest plate numbers in the
world so you guys know how much I love
plate numbers his favorite number is
three just like me and let me show you
his numbers alright come check this out
guys oh my god
so when I told you his favorite number
is three I wasn't kidding I so live in
this 3 3 3 3 3 all threes guys and if
these guys all his cars literally have 3
so I'm gonna take you to something even
more special guys the Porsche 9 1 8
listen listen listen if you guys are
from Dubai you would know how special
this plate number is number one three is
my favorite number okay so I'm super
jealous and number two guys like a plate
number like this costs way more than ten
million dollars that's how like special
this is guys honestly like my favorite
number is three I love the car like it's
just it's a perfect match if you guys
know what I'm oh my god is right now I'm
actually gonna go on the track guys so
yeah wish me luck
you guys don't even realize how stressed
wish me luck by the way I thought I was
the professional blogger look at this
we literally have like two TV crews in
front of us three oh yeah there's
another one by the way guys it's my good
friend chef Saeed and he's about to
drive so yeah
you
oh my god but very good that was my ride
in the Porsche you guys don't even
realize like those cars are quick okay
I've actually come outside the track
this way you kind of see how fast the
cars are going
oh I can literally smell the rubber from
the tires right now like this is quick
no this house it's a being completely
honest with you guys my favorite car
here has to be the force nine one eight
now the thing is if you guys don't know
too much about the nine one eight this
car is a hybrid car so it's both
electric and on petrol guys so it's like
super powerful it's a beast like
literally a beast guys I love this car
let me know your thoughts about this car
in the comments section now the thing is
when you turn this car on you can
actually go full electric guys without
using petrol and the car sounds silent
oh my god holy moly what just happened
holy moly
you don't even realize how hot this is
right now that you could cook something
just by holding it here okay so I'm
actually going to go for a second round
this time we're in the 573 yeah my son
beat here we go guys McLaren 572 hundred
fifty I don't even know how arsenal I've
office there you go boys that is the
ride in the 570 yo he is a crazy guy or
guys like down
that was way too cool
you know what I've done I've seen enough
guys I'm out for now make sure you're
heading out of here so I hope you guys
enjoyed the car action you saw now I'm
actually gonna go meet up with Nerine
cuz she's still here in Dubai so I'll
see you guys on the other side all right
so here's the thing now they're back
home guys I thought why not do a little
challenge with marine we're gonna do the
wet head challenge basically the aim of
the game is don't get wet to find out
where is this first we're gonna do
rock-paper-scissors hi Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
you look really ugly in that what are
you alright we're gonna start the game
again basically we're gonna take turns
spinning this guy's and yeah let's see
how it goes
32100 case that says pull one pin and
spin again no yes yes oh yeah
you're such a cheater bitch here you got
the whole sofa wet my mom's gonna hate
you right now
but it isn't over until I say it's over
so here's the thing right now we are
actually about to go somewhere very
special guys and let me explain so one
of our good friends they've opened up
the world's tallest hotel okay
literally like the world's cool hotel
and the Guinness World Records and the
opening is today so right now me and my
family are quickly gonna get ready and
I'm gonna see you guys once we get there
like it is beautiful
oh my god this is beautiful so guys I
didn't even tell you much but right now
today our friends that own this hotel
have their opening and this is
absolutely beautiful
oh just to show you guys that this is
actually the coolest hotel in the world
they actually have the Guinness World
Record to it guys check this out Panama
oh my god the Guinness World Record tile
for the tallest hotel in the world it's
a big deal ok so right now we are going
all the way to the top of the hotel guys
this is the tallest hotel in the entire
world hot what is it 356 metres 356
meters guys so we just got here let's
check it out
whoa whoa alright guys we are here this
is the top floor look at the view from
up here
Wow Wow
it looks like we're in an airplane
watching this holy moly like these are
skyscrapers and we're just looking down
on them right now oh I see the view over
here is absolutely beautiful guys I just
got two jacuzzis over here I know that
jacuzzis are just like mini swimming
pools I don't know like guys look at
this bro
it looks like you're in an airplane with
this view like that's how high we are
right now
like were you going to those caves to
climb up the buildings in here yeah but
this is actually really scary so the
thing is when you come up this high the
weather is actually kind of cold up here
guys so I'm not sure if you guys are
like studied science but like every
kilometer you go up like it's minus
something degrees it's it's a fact to go
search it guys I studied science you
know what are you the view like you have
angles bro like you have this idea
that's I guess yeah you can literally
walk around the whole thing specially
these swimming pools over here I love
them they're just awesome okay we are on
our way back down guys but just look at
the amount of fours over here guys down
so we were here
hc' what's that Sun health club or
usually a highest company right now and
now it's time to end the vlog so I'm
gonna keep it short and simple I love
you guys don't forget to subscribe and
yeah as always yeah leo
