all local pool sent me a video it's your
boy Logan Paul I am coming to Dubai to
say what's up lo gay for life be
American I can't wait to meet y'all
what are you kidding me according to
speak I'm so excited
yo yo yo yo yo what's up what's poppin
everyone welcome to another vlog how you
doing so as you can see we're starting
the day out in my garage here in my
garage we have a McLaren okay hey you
know what's better than a McLaren
knowledge knowledge so here's the thing
we're actually gonna start off today's
vlog by taking my sister for a ride in
the McLaren so let's do this are you
ready Lana are you ready oh I want to
hear ya know just a year I've seen door
like that
oh you drove a 720 yeah but the door
didn't open like it did no I have photos
yeah exactly
you forgot you drove a McLaren link on
the photos show me the picture of us
what yes bubbles I know I know
what's wrong I was out seven am doing
exercising the whole time he was
screaming in my face he wanted me to go
inside I don't know I think he thinks he
can speak my favorite thing is you could
take the roof off it's a spider bro this
is my favorite feature
I love cars but I love animals more okay
so as I said there's two baby kittens
outside our house they're so cute we
need to name them they're brothers and
sisters
hello hey what do you do he's the boy
that's the boy what are you doing he's
super excited hi hi baby
okay I know you're excited to see Mia we
just fed them right like just about now
I just want to see our boy
all right girl okay check his BOTS I
don't know how to check cat butts are
you ready oh my gosh I thought I broke
some
driving this car makes you fall in love
just a sound no it's just the king I'm
not sure I put this car in sports mode
but it's very
two minutes and discard oh my gosh look
at this car it looks incredible I would
probably call this car black beauty so
you're gonna call it lucky black beauty
okay here we go so here's the thing as I
mentioned if I were to buy this McLaren
I'd have to get rid of the rolls-royce
so I want you guys to help me out in the
comment section what do you think do you
guys think I should still keep my
rolls-royce because I do love this car
it's been with us for like half a year
now but at the same time I really miss
having a supercar so you ditched who is
it Stephanie and then happening - he's
gone I just realized so they'll other
guys I'm not loyal bad Ida's a
commitment issues yeah I think I have
commitment issues
commish mich issue hi boys so right now
we're actually heading over to the mall
we actually haven't been there in a
while but we're gonna go do some
shopping right now you ready yes my
sister is so anti-hype like she just
kills the mood are you ready
what are you talking about
nothing fake on me bro so hundred
thousand right here a hundred thousand
okay go buy me one lying ass girl my
painting oh now you know my paint is
going to be up for sale soon and I'm not
sure you just getting free promo for
yourself is that I ain't gonna get
anything if I sell it you will be happy
oh where are you sending it email me if
you like the paint
you must think that I'm stupid
you must emotional today guys oh okay so
we actually haven't told you this but me
and my sister are working on another
song yes are you excited
we're going to throw a big concert for
you guys so you best believe me to rock
together
oh no you need to put the thing is guys
basically I made this song and RSK and
face Blaziken I have no idea why it's
not released yet so I showed you a sneak
peek but like the whole song is lit
horas que where's the song damn it uh
anyways we'll see you guys over at the
mall so let's go okay so we just arrived
at the mall this is the most colorful
combination I've ever seen
not adding their friends so right now I
quit he came over to a store and they
have the coolest cones ever the may see
they were looking around and they have
like the funkiest shoes you've ever seen
in your life check out the shoes my
sister is trying look at that so it's
like a really cool glossy pink shoe
would like these Swarovski's on it oh
I'm a window shopper you're looking
what are you doing this is embarrassing
no there's CCTV all right shop number
one complete did you buy anything no
money was spent because she didn't buy
anything this is the coolest sock
display I've seen it just makes me want
to buy socks now I've never wanted to
buy socks in my life before
but now I do
my sister's walking on water right now
this is crazy
okay so they had this really cool
display going on honestly it looks so
insane I feel like it's delicate it's
about to break work it work it working
so you have to do some more shopping
right now I don't think that's ever
gonna trend no I don't think any girl in
the world is gonna copy
blued a birdie by the boob Levada be
bloody blue bloody bade abbu what okey
so okay so while we're vlogging I'm not
even sure if you saw the background but
Maradona just walked behind us who's
like a footballing legend ladies
literally guys she's standing right over
there anyways the thing is I don't want
to disturb him guys cuz he do this
family but America was just chillin over
there so just made it back home right
now but I have a massive announcement
for you all of you okay so most of you
should know who logo pool is okay if you
don't you probably are not the internet
laughter like here's one of the biggest
people on there to that your boy just
hit me up and he sent me a video all
right so I'm gonna watch you I don't
know what he sent me guys but it came to
my email saw I think I think Logan bull
sent me like an a video guys so humans
nothing oh no good we'll send me a video
it's your boy local part I am coming to
Dubai to say what's up low game for life
be American I can't wait to meet y'all
I am coming to you bye what what are you
kidding me Logan Logan pool is coming to
Dubai for the first time ever guys so
listen if any of you know him tell him
all jokes aside
Logan pool is actually coming to Dubai
now that is a pretty big deal because I
might be seeing him okay I don't even
know if he knows me if you do know me
Logan what's up low gang gang gang we
out here school and all that good stuff
yeah guys it's a Logan if you're
watching this DM me on instagram please
please okay listen I brother just need
some views I just need a thumbnails
wrong with you bro I just want
coming to but according to speak I'm so
excited but yeah just the way I know
he's coming and I'm going to try my best
to see him for you guys so yeah okay
gang we out your boy so as always I'm a
wrap up today's vlog here but before I
say goodbye I've actually decided I need
to do something okay so you know that
I'm giving a way of logging camera but I
was thinking to myself today like you
guys do so much for me I've actually
decided I'm going to double up on the
giveaway so I'm gonna give away a
vlogging camera plus an iPhone so if you
want to win an iPhone 7 plus and the
vlogging camera or like one each person
in case on two different winners all you
need to do subscribe to my channel and
comment on any video this month any
video okay so I'm gonna pick a random
video and a random comment for the
winner this month literally the more
active you are the more chance you have
of winning so I love you guys old I'll
see you guys some more for another epic
vlog I just thought I just do that
because I feel like you are so amazing
you watching this so good luck and I
hope you in I'll see you guys some more
and as always yeah leo
