Oh
what's up everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you doing now I
want to be straight up with you before I
start today's video I am sick okay my
nose is clogged up my throat is messed
up so just a heads up I don't feel well
today so don't mess with me oh yeah so
don't go Jays your side guys you already
know I'm all about that vlog life so
even though I'm sick or we're gonna make
something happen today so let's just
have some fun yeah okay so before I do
anything else on today's video I need to
talk to you guys about an app I've been
playing recently so it's cool to Vikings
wore off clans now the reason I'm
telling you about this you like try it
out for five minutes and you'll get
addicted I'm not even joking with you
guys so pretty much you know those like
strategy games and the PC side you ones
we used to play back in the day I'm not
sure how old you guys are but like if
you guys are my age you would know what
I'm talking about
they've pretty much taken that and put
it into an app okay so I don't want to
get too technical with you but like on
the game I know this might sound a
little bit nerdy but I'm really into
that moment but there's like these
battles between like the eastern and
western coalition's okay but I need your
help because there's another big battle
coming at the end of this month I need
you right now you watching this video
you can help me battle
okay so here's what I need you to do for
me I actually need you to add me on the
game
my name is the real more vlogs that's my
username I know I know you're probably
wondering why is it not just more blogs
what have you probably decided to take
that name because it's already taken on
the game and I'm pretty sure somebody
that watches the videos took itself
download the game with the link in the
description you get 200 gold head start
okay so I need you to go and do that and
pretty much just helped me fight this
war but yeah just make sure to add me
guys and just help brother out okay
anyways let's continue the rest of the
vlog let's do this oh the beach this
year so if you guys can hear that there
is a monster outside our house right now
basically our friends just came to our
house but they came here with a very
special car let's go check it out
look who we have over here guys we have
the Lamborghini Huracan perform ante
just your average day where your friend
we're your friends pull up in the room
as I'm saying this is how we start our
day guys our friends just came by I mean
what Kenneth what's up yeah this is
amazing guys so my boy raw shit just
came by today you think you're gonna buy
it no don't do it don't do it you've
bought how many cars this month oh
that's it yeah just two just two cars as
much so in case you guys don't know too
much about this this car actually broke
a lap record like in the world it's the
new hurricane perform auntie just normal
carbon fiber if you look at it it's
different type of carbon so the thing is
they've only delivered like a couple of
cars here in Dubai so this is actually
one of their test cars we're only VIP
clients get to drive so like you guys
where where's my invite Lambo huh okay
so we've actually realized there's two
cats in our area they're twins
oh it's kissing the camera
hey buddy no you get back inside get
inside the booth mind this is the same
car that Logan and Jake pull ordered and
they don't have theirs yet so Logan and
Jake I beat you seven another one all
right my brothers parked a month so
since we actually have these two cars I
feel like it's the perfect time to ask
you what you guys think would you rather
have the Ferrari or the Lamborghini
I don't know this green one really looks
nice yeah all right but it's more
expensive right it's a special edition
look who else we have here today Natalia
Natalia has actually been driving the
Lamborghini so I feel like you need to
tell us how it is this is on another
level
it's like it's like an SV but in a
hurricane body it's got double touch
obviously like a hurricane
got the stiffness and the handling of an
SV oh my gosh that is such a big
difference bro why is that so much
louder okay so we are finally back home
right now and I'm actually gonna be
doing a small little challenge on my boy
Noah so we're gonna be playing the
whipped cream face the Pie Face
challenge so right now we're gonna put
some whipped cream all right let's do
this so here's the thing right now I'm
actually gonna go for a ride in the
Lamborghini perform auntie Natalia is
actually gonna be driving so wish me
luck guys you know how girl drivers are
the thing is my mom and sister are
actually going to a birthday party
they're ditching me they're ditching me
right now to go to a birthday it's gonna
be lit Oh wish me luck she's a girl so
you never know me things I never know
with these girls you never know with
these girls
my god it's one of the real things about
this car everything inside is carbon
fiber
everything is forged carbon so which
makes the car lighter 2.9 seconds zero
hundred six hundred and forty was power
for alive okay we are here the main
thing is we are a live guys so thank you
women can drive they can that's why
we're alive that's the worst part I have
to get out of this so obviously because
she couldn't drive close enough she has
to hop out
right now you've actually come to eat
some food off to the Lamborghini ride
and we are stuck in an elevator
Natalia is having a margarita I'm having
a pepperoni and then nothing bro where's
your food are you on a diet ruler what a
few moments later oh my god what have
you done
guys Natalia just destroyed her pizza
honestly I hate people who eat like this
like I don't know why they leave all of
the edges like that's not even an edge
that's the whole pizza like that's half
a pizza right there oh it's about to go
down so right now you came inside the
gaming section and we're about to play
this game over here basically you have
to try and bounce the ball to land in
the box and you win that you have to
spin it I can do it when she's not
looking
I used to I show you have to fold it
backwards so the next game we're playing
is actually just purely on luck so
whatever this lands on you get that toy
so we're gonna try and go for the Jumbo
one bro are you gonna this okay you want
I go three two one Oh which was a large
the monkey no I want the big one
you broke it
okay so right now we came to the
basketball game we're gonna do this bro
this is impossible
we got the heart this is the first time
in my life I won another one okay so
apparently I'm not allowed to play again
but my boy Roger can go one winner per
day oh look at the heart and look at
Netanya oh my god
you want to go again I'm not allowed to
play though one winner for a day you
like red guys I think pink looks and I
say look some more adorable if you know
what I mean I feel good we want
something today you know it's actually a
very nice soft toy and most rating I'm
giving him the monkey and I'm taking the
hide so right now we're heading back
home but look how big this toy is it
fills up the whole boot of the g-wagen
what alright close it up don't crush the
legs though don't crush the legs okay
it's time to go good job we won we won
we're home bro how is the birthday you
ditched me for was actually good guys it
was a girl's only birthday like did you
get me any numbers at least are you HTC
one we won a big toy I'll open the boot
go check it out guys look I owe you on
gopher ok the monkeys yours the hearts
Natalia's so as you can see right now
quickly changed up into my pajamas I'm
about to head over to sleep but before I
say goodbye Q guys
I need to talk to you so first things
first you saw that today we had a
Lamborghini perform ante at my house
honestly guys I'm gonna expose my friend
my friend is crazy he is out of control
when it comes to buying cars like I'd
literally mean out of control imagine
this you wake up one day and be like you
know what I want to buy this car like
randomly so random so I suppose it's a
good thing for me because I get to vlog
all the different cars he buys and sells
but I mean for his own like health I
don't think this is a good habit okay so
brush if you're watching this video guys
honestly I don't I don't think you buy
that hurrican but if he does I'm just
telling you he's just like that anything
is possible but as always I love you
guys who I'll see two more for another
epic vlog if you haven't already click
here to subscribe click here to watch my
last video and I'll see you tomorrow
yeah Leon Oh
