goodbye Chesebrough have a six are you
dumb good morning good morning today I'm
leaving / cheers bro I'm living like so
as I mentioned today I'm actually gonna
be flying to back rain for the first
time ever I've actually never been there
before so I'm really nervous for now I'm
heading out guys to say goodbye to the
family
see you bye bye alright let's go guys
bye my mom and sister accidentally got
locked out of the house right now okay
anyways but now we are on the way to the
airport the thing is it's actually only
a one hour flight to Bahrain so I'm
really excited to go check out the
country because I've never been and I'm
only gonna be there for like two days
and so by the time this vlog comes out
I'm actually back in Dubai I know that
that sounds really weird but yeah
I regret you will not regret our voice
oh we are here at the airport right now
surprising me it's very very empty at
this time time to check in guys wait
wait wait a second I'm not first class
I'm sorry
oh we're going the lazy way you guys we
are finally at the airport I'm actually
super excited because this trip they're
actually flying me out for free on
business clawford now I'm gonna head
inside to the lounge oh yeah oh yeah
I managed to find a quiet corner in the
business class lounge guys there is
literally nobody around me right now so
oh okay oh there's somebody walking past
as I was saying in one hour time is my
flight to Bahrain and yet we're gonna be
in a new country another one down my
bucket list oh my god
there's a Rolex on the wall by the way
just a life hack in case you ever had
the airport on one Internet this is the
password for them tonight guys
oh yeah right now just queenly editing
up my video because the flight is in one
hour and I need to upload a vlog but we
out here boy
okay boy so for now I quickly finished
eating some food over here I think I'm
actually late so I need to quickly go
aboard my flight but here's the thing I
really like the bread they have so I'm
gonna go take some for the flight okay
oh my god
oh hi guys so check it out this is the
buffet over here they've actually got a
lot of nice stuff this is pretty cool Oh
guys this is my favorite the Arabic
bread all right guys we're taking two to
go so loudly like I'm traveling alone
all right goodbye
Emirates business lounge okay so
apparently I have to go downstairs for
my gate I've actually never been here
okay Bahrain here we come oh there is
the airplane oh look Holly I am guys
everybody has got on the flight I hope
I'm not holding this down
I am legit the last person on this
airplane guys go go go go go go okay
here we are
there we go right now I just made it on
the flight and this is the first ever
business class I've been on average
where there's somebody next to you
in case you don't want to see the guy
sitting next to you you have like a
little thing over here
this flight is actually only one hour
guys so we're gonna be evaporating way
quicker than you think that's a let's go
to that frame
oh I so the truth just made it here guys
it's actually pretty nice
we just landed in back rain it's time to
go and explore we made it that crane
here we are there's my first time over
here guys so I have no idea what to
expect but right now I'm clearly taking
a taxi over to the hotel I actually had
to stay one hour for security the thing
is because I'm only here for one day I
think it seemed a little bit suspicious
but I'm here for a race guys so yeah
this is a car wait wait a second that
can't be that can't be I swear I just
thought I'm getting picked up in a
rolls-royce but it's this car like this
a rolls-royce there ah thank you look at
this there's a rolls-royce right behind
the guard down it's actually a pretty
nice car we're going in the second Lexus
so while we're on the way to the hotel I
should want to show you something really
cool about this car check this out this
button over here you can make yourself
shade in the back what right now we're
on the way to the hotel apparently my
hotel is like in the middle of nowhere
oh my god our voice right now I just
made it into the hotel as you can see
this place is beautiful like absolutely
beautiful hello how are you
thank you shout out to my guy right here
what's up what's up
oh you is this the best hotel thank you
very much it is nicely and enjoy if you
have time ah thank you thank you anyways
we're gonna go up I'll see you guys in
the room welcome to my room
so it has one of these open bathrooms
you know what is it with all hotels
having an open shower like I do not want
to see somebody naked in my shower guys
Oh even cooler is the view guys in the
morning it's amazing but you can still
see something guys so check out this
view
oh my god for now let's go back inside
guys I'm gonna quickly give my mom and
sister a cool to see what they're up to
look at how they wrote my surname back
by the way that's my surname in case you
guys don't know don't even try and read
it guys it's just mbmb alright let's do
a little tour of this place guys so this
is the shower okay okay okay and this is
the toilet let's go downstairs have our
dinner and I think from there I'm gonna
head out into the city so right now we
are inside the taxi and look at that we
got two fresh tunas
our voice Oh check it out right now he
just made it over to the back rain city
center all right guys we are about to
explore I'll move my boy entity over
here you ready
no guys basically he was like mo are you
sure you're safe going alone I was like
probably not so you might as well come
with me anyways let's go and let's check
out this more
I actually feel like I'm in Dubai right
now this is so weird I thought it'd look
different but it looks the exact same
like can you guys tell them in a
different country right now the mole
looks identical to like divine
apparently there's a really big gaming
section here so let's go see what the
app it's the first years but I'll be in
Barry what's that what's that oh you
guys I'm actually gonna make my friend
ensley try this right out for the first
time bro they say kids can go on it
bro you are way higher than the minimum
aya let's stand next to that you are
more than qualified bro trust me it's
just spinning right now we are about to
go on the ride it's NZ's first time
ready
maybe hi guys let's do this the thing is
I can't have the camera with me but I'll
try and get it recorded from the outside
so let's do this guys I'm gonna be
honest the one in Dubai is Foster but
this is pretty good it was pretty good
guess he has motion sickness and now
we're gonna go around see what else they
had this is a pretty big light arcade so
they have a lot of things going on
we won the lollipop guys I don't know
why I'm so happy to win but we won the
lottery ball so that's all that matters
look at this 150 tickets go the cord has
like a little bit of money left and
we're not gonna come back so whoever's
in back Reena
I'm gonna leave the card right over here
Oh
oh my god bro can we stand on that so we
just realize something crazy they
actually have a water park inside the
mall unfortunately I didn't expect that
so I didn't bring a swimsuit but that is
pretty interesting all right for now
we're heading out back to the hotel we
are back at the hotel Open Sesame
oh yeah I am so tired let me show you
this place a little bit better it is oh
okay oh my God where are we going so I
quickly came next to the swimming pool
right now as I mentioned it's actually
closed right now but look at how
beautiful this thing is and I don't know
what's going on over here but this looks
really cool all right we are halfway so
we are back inside the room let me
actually tell you guys a funny story
that happened when I was out right now
so basically I needed to change some
money from Durham's to Bahraini money
which is dinar and I had one note okay a
thousand dirhams and fern that one note
look what they gave me
boom holy moly basically when i went and
traded currency they only had change
Oh
I'm actually just realized I haven't
told you guys why I'm here in Bahrain so
let me do that right now reason I'm
actually here in Bahrain right now is
because tomorrow there is a massive race
going on okay and the guys at Ford
actually flew me out just to watch the
race so that is pretty much how I got my
free business class buy and hotel and
everything they literally just wanted me
to come and experience it which is
awesome so yeah stay tuned guys because
tomorrow is race day so I love you guys
and I'll see you tomorrow by the way we
wait a second calm down don't forget in
two days I'm gonna be announcing the
iPhone X when there so if you guys want
to get in on that giveaway just make
sure to subscribe right now before it's
too late
all right I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow Galliano
