Yaya what is that everyone welcome back
to another vlog so you might be
wondering what is going on right now
it's not my birthday no my bank actually
sent me a four million subscriber
congratulation case yeah
that's why there's four balloons over
here guys should we let go off the
balloons No
oh if you find these balloons and Dubai
let me know okay
oh my god oh my god anyways as you can
see my bank actually sent me a cake
today so big thank you to them for the
balloons and the cake so come let's
check it out Oh oh my god Oh guys look
at it congratulations
so yeah there you go even my bank knows
that we hit four million subscribers
guys so make sure if you're not already
subscribed subscribe because that five
million subscribers my banks gonna give
me a Bugatti really they might give me
another cake though they might give me
another cake done alright anyways there
you go that is how I start my day guys
we got a pretty cool cake so yeah I'm
not complaining I'm not complaining
subscribe to my youtube channel now
subscribe to my youtube channel now
subscribe to my channel so we have a
slight little problem with my camera if
you guys can't already tell it's
actually broken
there you go much better I don't know
what I do to my cameras but somehow they
get messed up really really quick okay
so here's the thing if you haven't
watched my video two days ago I actually
mentioned that I want to sort my
rolls-royce for a new car now here's the
thing if you guys don't already know the
owner of deals on wheels is my friend
and I think he saw that vlog and he
decided to put up a picture of the
beautiful Ferrari like something he
knows I love and he told everybody
should this be Molag his new car okay so
basically right now I'm gonna go over
there and I want that car I got okay I
just want it it's my car he put my name
on it is my car
let's see what we can do alright
oh yeah let's go yo alright guys so
right now I just made it over to deals
on wheels and it is time to show you the
baby I came for guys so in my hands I've
got the keys to the Ferrari and here it
is guys check it out oh my god
okay so let's quickly unlock this bad
boy this is a beauty okay pretty much if
you guys don't know my friend the owner
of kills alleles he uploaded a picture
of this car and said mobile ugh his next
car so before I go and see him I just
wanted to quickly show you the car it's
amazing like look at this interior so
guys as you can see it's got the red
Ferrari steering wheel the whole
interior is red it's absolutely amazing
like you guys do not know my love for
this car just gorgeous alright guys so
check it out my friend Mohamed just came
out he's the owner feels on wheels and
it's time so listen I need the car so
more I got some bad news for you we had
a client we just walked into the
showroom and he said Mohammed I want
and I did tell him that listen I have a
car it's already sold its were friend of
mine more blogs for he told him Mohammed
I want this car and I'm ready to pay any
price but yes unfortunately car it
so I'm sure you're gonna be happy then I
sold it for a really good price I'm sure
you're smiling so that's good but I have
good news for you I'm gonna get you
another card whoever you are that bought
the car you did it just to annoy me you
guys he stays a lawyer like this
apparently the car sold today like
literally he posted the post yesterday I
came today and it's already gone I find
you another one don't when I just give
us a few more days no I need it today
I need something today how about a
McLaren 650s why don't you check with
your homies guys I don't know like I
guys honestly I came for the while on
this does look nice though this is a
pretty badass McLaren over here I'm
scared just vlogging I feel like
somebody's gonna buy it just to annoy me
now say of McLaren I can give you a
Ferrari for a date for a much lesser
price than the 458
but it's convertible bro I mean we could
chop the roof off I'll tell you what why
don't I let you take the car right now
just test drive it take it for a day and
see how you feel yeah I'm down I'm happy
with that at least I get like a for a a
look at it's my life hi guys so right
now they're quickly gonna put the plate
numbers on the car I'm actually taking
it out which is pretty cool I can't lie
I didn't expect that but let's see the
thing is I might actually test drive the
McLaren is well because honestly as I
said this is going to be a replacement
for my rolls-royce hopefully if we can
work something out at the moment just
gonna test drive it I love the fact that
it's got a red interior as well so
that's super cool for yeah the plate
numbers are quickly going on right now
and we're gonna take this baby home
I can't lie I'm starting to like you a
little bit more right now oh let me know
in the comment section do you think this
should replace my rolls-royce I mean
just a casual for a eight why not why
not there she goes there she goes that
is the fun loud car okay hi guys so for
now I'm heading I want to say a big
thank you to my friend mom made it
always a pleasure mom guys basically
right now I'm taking the car for a test
drive and if I like you we have to do
something we're gonna cut you a really
damn good deal all right I promise you
we are back in the Ferrari right now
all right let's switch this bad boy on
if you just press the start let me tell
you what's in my mind right now so I
have soluti love this car but one thing
I'm just struggling to accept I've
really want a convertible car again
because like winter is coming up and I
just loved taking the roof down but
listen to this
the thing is my mother's just to have no
idea I'm actually coming home in a
Ferrari so yeah literally this was like
a spontaneous thing all right guys so
right now I just came home in the
Ferrari and look what is in front of my
house BAM
so some awesome guys this came by in
this it's called a Morgan three-wheeler
this is a car yes it's like a
three-wheeled car and it actually fits
two people inside it hi boys there you
go this bad boy is on it I love the fact
that the exhaust is just like one
straight pipe along the side this thing
is crazy okay so oh my god okay yeah oh
my god we are inside I just don't feel
safe inside this car for some reason it
seems so open
guys look at the view from this car I
feel like my whole body is outside right
now like this is the small feel
Oh
my hat literally just fell off when I
was in the car and we had to quickly
come pick it up oh yeah
we are back oh my goodness okay well
there you go that was a pleasant little
surprise for now the Morgan is heading
out by literally what just happened I
just came home and that cool car was
outside and it had a super nice owner so
big thank you to him letting me record
it anyways boys I just made a home in
the Ferrari as you can see here's the
bad boy so let's go see what mummy mo
and Lana think of the car did you see
that car outside we went on a ride and
my hat flew off yeah are you ready to
see the Ferrari though hi tell me do you
think this should replace the Rolls
Royce or do you think oh my god this is
a 4 a 8 yo this is better
you think this is better yeah it's red
like yeah you think this should be this
up yeah it's got a glass back alright
anyways there you go that is the car I
still need to decide let me know your
thoughts in the comment section well
yeah Stephanie you've got this one
I got half any you call it Stephanie I
call I have what do you think is it a
good nope well somebody doesn't like the
car my favorite thing is the interior I
love red interior all right so we are
finally home right now as you can see
boys but I actually have a very big
announcement so I actually kind of
forgot about this on my vlog but for
those of you who remember I'm giving
away a gold coin oh I actually it's not
a coin it's a square basically in case
you forgot I'm giving away a golden mini
bar now the thing is I'm gonna pick the
winner to this in like three days so a
mini bar so if you want to win I'm gonna
keep it super simple okay just comment
down below gold
just one word gold and subscribe to the
channel so I know you're a subscriber
okay that's it and I'm gonna pick the
winner in exactly three days time so if
you guys want some gold
you better get commenting some gold no
you just changed the rules bro
anyways now that I am home I just want
to say I'm super excited to have this
car in the family my sister actually
already drove it it was such an amazing
experience that's at that moment I
realize why you really like this car it
feels crazy
it is something turbocharged he's that
way it was so yeah as always I love you
guys so if you're not already subscribed
click this button subscribe click this
button to hit my last video
what what what I you know what to do you
guys I'll see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
