yoyoyo good morning what is the everyone
welcome back to another vlog so today is
about to be a crazy day first things
first this morning we had a little
meet-and-greet
it was crazy check it out
show them your hands guys these guys are
also I love you guys second thing
Moorhead two million and Instagram Oh
besides of all of that today's about to
be a very fun day right now we're
heading over to the mall I think
everybody is there right now to be
honest I have a feeling we might get
kicked out rush it
what did you do you don't have the keys
okay so what you need the keys
technicolor yeah anyways I was trying to
say right now we're heading over to the
mall I think Logan fatty everybody else
is gonna be there if we get kicked out
now you know why let's go what top
secret right now we're walking around
the mall with Logan and we're trying to
make nobody find out if one person finds
out this whole mall will be chaos is
gonna be clear I have no idea how were
pulling this off Logan put it in the
mall and nobody has noticed
yo I have ways so right now he quickly
came over to the Gucci store we're
looking around we got my boy Jeff what
is up bro I'm so shocked you guys are
not being bombarded you're doing it
pretty we're doing pretty good like yeah
Gucci game good game good game good game
good game good game good game
go spread their ass on no change I
literally just made it back home from
the wall I don't know how that happened
we managed to get shopping done with
nobody realizing we're there anyways
right now we actually have a ton of more
things to do today
my man sigan is actually doing a
conference speech today it's like one of
those really important speeches you do
it for like the business people so I'm
just gonna go there and just support him
I don't know guys I don't know too much
about conferences but it's all about
support so let's go and see what he's up
to and then I believe they trust the
brands
so I can't touch me touch me good
morning come to another hog we just took
over that was the most boring talk I've
ever seen you do first of all I was the
life of the pond you were boring they
asked us so many questions like why are
we doing this and we said because we
love you guys that's why Oh yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo I wish so right now
I'm actually super super excited because
you don't know what's about to happen
again
basically there is an award ceremony
going on like a massive award ceremony
now my boy Roshan is actually getting an
award yeah
okay so right now heading over there
it's only su enticed like its proper I
want those fancy ceremonies and your boy
just called brand new soon oh yeah check
out my suit oh my god oh my god oh this
is my suit honestly I look like a
million dollars right now damn I look
beautiful y'all guys tell me what you
guys think about my suit shout out to my
boy who made it it's good black
Parliament so check him out
guys this is insane I never knew that
dressing nicely could make you look this
much better oh we have always as I said
right now we are heading over to the
award ceremony it's super fancy a lot of
very important people are gonna be that
I mean the royal family like the biggest
CEOs billionaires like it's it's insane
so hey guys oh your boy had to quickly
freshen up Oh
anyways
now I'm actually running a little bit
late so we have to quickly make it over
to this event and we have to go support
my boy wash it go rush it
fire boys so right now we just made it
here to the award show my Mac Daddy look
is lean there's so much money in this
room right now oh my god oh my god
welcome to the awards show Wow so right
now we are sitting inside the room where
that now it's going to be made my boy
wash it and over there what is up so
pretty much they're gonna be announcing
all the awards within the next hour but
look at what they have here
logan goal is on the front page and he's
sitting right behind me oh yeah
research we picked up a young star
that's my boy - that's our boy
that's awful no it's your big day if
you're growing up bro
soon you have pubes gonna be served raw
shit just won no award me and Logan are
saying a big congratulations that's
insane I don't even have an award oh
never you should get more guys I know
that's that that's that anyways guys
Logan's heading out for an hour say
goodbye yeah I like you mo vlogs you do
and your vlogs today's actually the last
day we're seeing Logan so it's kind of
sad though it's a pretty emotional
moment but what about tomorrow I don't
think we're seeing each other at all
bro we see ya
guys look at this award can they see
that Ross shit money kicks my boy nice
listen I'm so proud of my boy youngest
winner open award today I think right
and he's got the whitest teeth out there
guys holy moly
there is my boys award in my hand it's
actually really really heavy thank you
to everybody tell you something guys
Logan was going crazy but the boys a
billionaire
well what a day it has been down son
as I've already said like a hundred
times guys congratulations my boy Ross
had like today was a big day like the
event we were at it was for like Arabian
business which is like the business
magazine over here you know it was
insane and the people in that room when
I'm telling you they're billionaires
like they are the people that I built
the by light breeze right now on my way
home
honestly I really like the suit look oh
my god I feel like I am the CEO right
now I own a company or something so this
actually looks really nice for ya I'm
gonna clearly go home unless just relax
funny I'm home ah in life sometimes you
need to look up at others to inspire
yourself okay and the reason I'm saying
that is right now I just made it home
obviously from the award show and
honestly some of the people up there
including wash it
we're so inspiring you kind of just have
to absorb that good energy if you know
what I mean in case so I'm back home I
don't want to be on that inspiration
type thing right now but honestly guys I
just want to say sometimes in life in
order to move forward as a person you
need to learn from others okay and as
much as you think you know everything
yeah don't let's just keep it plain
simple you don't know everything and I'm
saying that because honestly me myself
I've learned so much from the people
around me like even this trip alone
hanging around Logan has taught me so
much about like YouTube as crazy as that
sounds okay and I always think I know
the most in my head but you don't
anyways as always I'm gonna end up
today's vlog here make sure if you're
new around here please click this
subscribe button please just I don't
know how to say guys I'm asking nicely I
click it to watch the video and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
Yolo
