good morning what is up everyone welcome
to another vlog where are we Lana you
like cars you like cars you like the
speed is legal you like
the Motor Show that's where we are yeah
so basically we are here at the Dubai
Motor Show today once every year they
bring out all the best cars and today is
about to be car heaven yeah that's
that's right
yeah you know a lot about cars on a good
job good job ok so as I said they bring
out the craziest cars so today we are
about to take you through the new
releases of every car alright welcome to
the divine Motor Show let's do this oh
my god right now we just came to W
motors and the first thing we're seeing
is a premiere oh yeah oh my god so guys
the first stop of the day had to be over
at the W motor section this is insane
I'm turning this man I can't eat this
over here is one of my favorite cars
hands down it's the W motors veneer it
is beautiful like this car is just on
the next level right now if you
subscribed to my channel and make me hit
10 million I will buy one of you guys
this car oh yeah I click on every ad you
see you wanna be like on top games yeah
this ain't even advertiser anyways guys
the thing is let's go and show them the
other one the lichen so this is the
finis R guys this is the new model it
looks absolutely amazing but that over
there that is the lichen this car was
Legion in a movie The Fast and Furious
this is the one yeah
yeah so if you guys check that out in
the headlights there's diamonds right
there
just imagine smashing right alright guys
so I am actually over the moon right now
because something crazy is happening the
guys over here dumping whores they're
giving me a veneer they're gonna give me
the first ever toy model of the veneer
Wow nobody else has disguise and they're
like you know both your specials so
we're going to give you on so
anything eenie meenie miney moe
I choose you oh my god no keys come on
we need to drive this is amazing want to
see big thank you appreciate it so much
we're the first ones every good really
on the first honestly you're the first
one ever to go
oh my god that is beautiful that is
beautiful alright anyways boys there you
go that is the first stand of the day
beautiful cars let's move on you know
none let's go to the other stance I know
by the plug yeah Kim was like you know
I'm just gonna borrow it for a second
yeah about that anyways let's continue
guys let's go to the rest of the stands
let's do this oh my god okay so the
second stand we are checking out is
actually the McClaren stack and they
have a beauty over here look at this
they have like a matte gray 720 with
some gold wheels gold everything I think
this is actually a special one guys
because if you come round the back
they've done some really cool Arabic
artwork on the back ok so the thing is
they have a ton of crazy cars over here
and a lot of them are concept cars like
this what is this thing guys look are
you serious this is a concept car it's
got one windscreen wiper anyways this is
cool this is the Aston Martin concept
car but it's time let's keep moving bro
so as I said there is a ton of beautiful
cars over here so we are here at the
Lamborghini SpA you know who has this
exact same car Jake boy Jake boy this is
the Lamborghini Huracan Parfum ante
Jake full weight yeah bro we took your
car to Dubai this car is fired right now
we are just checking out the Lamborghini
sad honestly when the cars are here in
this lighting it's like when you take a
perfect Instagram picture like that's
what they're trying to do
see that diamonds shine they want you to
buy it guys come to me oh we have
officially entered the devil 16 and we
are here with their collection of cars
time to show you the world's craziest
car
this is like Batman's car broke if a car
is cooled the devil 16 you already know
what you're expecting this is the devil
16 prototype bro bro yes so in case you
guys want to know a bit about this car I
know this might sound unbelievable
this car is 5,000 horsepower bro do you
know what that is a Bugatti is a
thousand my car it's like nine
Lamborghinis in one car so this is
absolutely insane guys I'm gonna take
you through a little walkthrough of the
car honestly just look at it look at it
for yourselves this is absolutely
amazing bro there's something special
about the engine the engine oh yeah what
is that that's the engine jet yes it is
fly to the moon this is absolutely
gorgeous like a five thousand horsepower
car top speed of 380 I mean just look at
this car you wouldn't like you can't
even believe that this is actually a
real car Wow
the world you know what today okay so
here is the thing now that we've checked
out this car it's time to show you the
brand new CC on the streets so they're
actually going into production with it
look look at the exhaust exhaust oh my
god you need to put your head so the
thing is let me tell you a little bit
about this car it's gonna be two models
or three models okay so this five
thousand horsepower this is not
street-legal oh boy you can't take it on
the street there's gonna be another
model which is three thousand horsepower
which is going to be the official one
you can drive on the road only three
thousand come on bro
and then because even in some countries
three thousand is illegal they're gonna
have a two thousand version for the rest
of the world
like this is it's crazy because we're
talking about thousands of horsepowers
one more thing they have a tank oh yeah
literally a tank you know a lot of
videos that you make with my car bro we
can't drive over most cars
look at this so this is another car they
have it's literally a tank so this car
is going to be a daily driver the thing
is this is actually going to have self
inflating and deflating tires so these
tires add a push of a button they're
going to inflate themselves no deflate
themselves which is insane you know what
that means
that is that means it is an amazing car
for averting yeah guys if you don't know
when you go into the desert you need to
deflate your tires is this a six wheel
drive because there are six wheels yeah
I don't know but honestly this car is an
absolute beast the thing is I think the
road version of this car is gonna have
800 horsepower which I mean for a car
this size is just it's my blood so
here's the thing right now we're just
about to leave and the water they gave
us is just as fancy as the cars check
this out what blue diamonds it's like a
diamond bottled water a diamond decided
this was 400 million dollars I mean when
you're buying a car like this this is
the water you get yeah five so the last
thing we're gonna go check out is the
police cars because they're also here
guys so let's go see what the police are
up to guys let's do this
what Casper no so we came to the police
section and they have a rolls-royce just
like mine guys my rolls-royce left to
become police officer so the police
actually have a rolls-royce look at this
police imagine so here's something
cooler I want to show all of you you're
not gonna believe this
it's a flying machine oh my god guys so
pretty much this is a concept bike they
have it's pretty much in the future
police are gonna have flying bikes you
ain't gonna be able to run from this
thing you can't you can't anyways guys
basically over here the police have a
concept flying bike obviously this
doesn't yet fly but this is their vision
for the next couple of years anyways for
now we are heading out that was the
first day of the Motor Show honestly I
wish I could stay a little bit longer
guys because there's so many more cars I
want to show you and you guys know this
is like this is like a mow started leg
logs one two three it should show cars
in my garage no you don't
we are officially back home off to the
mower show if you guys haven't already
seen the two new kids are actually in
our house right now so it's easy she's a
baby kitten that's in our family right
now their face looks like bubbles but no
no let's check out the Tweety give us
let's unbox you guys apparently nobody
else got this brother first yeah you're
the first yo you know when you said you
got the plug what do you mean you just
met the people Wow yo you know these are
normally like a thousand dollars bro
they're not cheap Wow guys look at this
oh I'm buying this car I am buying this
is come on like my next like future car
oh wow wow wow this is insane
if you see the detail that's gone into
this this close-up it my close-up
Oh 360 360 but yeah let's go oh I got
you so right now our two cats are
opposite each other and they absolutely
hate each other guys like they're still
not friends so we have to separate them
before they fight
no I swear guys my arm is gonna be
risked over here okay so I'm not gonna
end up today's vlog right here boys I
know I haven't really been blogging too
much but there was so much going on at
the Marshall that I felt like that was
enough for today's video so if you guys
want to see more of the cars over there
hit the like button because tomorrow I'm
gonna go back and we're gonna go see a
ton of more cool stuff like did you see
the course 5,000 yeah guys I love you
I'll see you guys some more if you're
new around you don't forget subscribe
because I'm doing an iPhone X giveaway
if you want to win an iPhone X which I'm
sure you do then go ahead and subscribe
well yeah as always I love you and I'll
see you tomorrow yeah leo
