nom nom nom nom nom nom no why is your
tongue out of your mouth guys how is my
cat sleeping with his tongue out his
mouth this is not normal so we are
starting out today's vlog in my house my
cat was legit dead asleep with his
tongue out I think I won't give up with
my vlog hey buddy how are you
anyways how are you doing welcome back
to another video I hope you're all
having an amazing day yeah this is a
very unprepared intro I don't really
know what's happening hey hey listen I'm
sorry listen don't give me that look I'm
sorry for waking you up guys my cat
legit hates me right now like I woke him
up out of like the best sleep he was
ever having yes I mean I did it for the
vlog okay so here's the thing I actually
threw off a genius idea for today's
video okay so basically you guys know
that recently my sister bought some
Gucci shoes do you have them whoa oh my
goodness I don't even know where they
are
hi guys BAM so you guys saw my sister
recently bought these shoes and I was
thinking I'm gonna be nice for once what
do you think I'm gonna go meet Noreen
today and buy her the same shoes
but yeah guys basically I thought today
why not for a change let me be nice to
somebody let's do it for the views
really honest me her shoes just kind of
sucked and they irritate me
my Nona reads okay if you're getting or
something dis what she's gonna hurt a
few moments later okay what are you
doing in the desert I'm having fun what
you're having fun in desert I know this
is a really weird place to me up with
Noreen but right now we were just
recording a video for her channel guys
if you don't know she's a youtuber by
the way just you know guys we're
recording a video go check out our
channel marine beauty guys link in
description right now we just finished
recording her video and it's time for my
collaboration you want to do the
boyfriend versus girl no no no but we're
right now we're about to head out guys
so let's go and have some fun
oh by the way Oh what are you talking
about sorry oh oh it's all well okay I'm
sorry
yeah you know there's a guy following
you like he actually he might be
following us key might be following us
close the door because what are you
doing I don't think he really wants you
because the door is still open he just
left
Oh
yeah everyone likes okay
Oh
no look at this Lamborghini so they have
a beautiful Lamborghini Aventador here
in the valet this is gorgeous I look at
the design on the car it's like this
like metal look it's amazing you wanted
I'm Ragini oh you're fine with the
rolls-royce
ah that the rolls-royce is hers guys
because that's my mom's car listen when
I see cool cars I can't help but record
them like I just love cars guys I love
cars so we decided to come eat before we
do anything cuz we're super super hungry
guys and if you remember this is the
first place to me and Nerine came with
my mom and sister like that's the first
time she met my family guys so yeah I
know this is weird to say on the vlog
but I really needed to go to the toilet
say good luck yes she fell for it guys
yo here's the thing I don't even need to
go to the toilet guys that was all a
joke right now basically the thing is I
told you guys that I want to get her
Gucci shoes now the thing is I want it
to be a surprise so right now I'm
actually gonna go buy her the Gucci
shoes but I have no idea what her sizes
I have no idea what she likes so she is
gonna probably come and change them with
me right after but I still want it to be
a surprise oh my god Gucci guys Oh
goochy goochy goochy goochy game good
game good game good game
hi guys so check it out this is the shoe
I'm gonna get fur basically my sister
has the exact same Gucci shoes and I
just really like these generally so yeah
basically I'm gonna quickly get these
and we're gonna go surprise her yes
shoes have been bought hi guys so we
officially got the shoes right now now
it's time to surprise her
guys I think she saw it hey I got you
something surprise you know I told you
you need better shoes guys it took a
really long time to get the shoes
surprise open them
well you can't refund that I'm sorry I
said I was trying to make her not see
and I just saw her look at me like no
Tara
nice right yeah
no no no no you like it hi I'm happy
noise hi guys so right now she just
tried the shoes on do they fit that's
the main question they do down
they look nice alright guys so food is
done we're heading out of here and she
got her Gucci are you happy it's like a
love-hate relationship
okay can I get the Gucci back if you're
leaving me so Nerina has this weird
addiction she really likes going baby
clothes shopping like for babies are you
trying to tell me something I mean I I
know I got you Gucci but like okay this
is weird
okay that was the most Awkward shopping
I've ever done in my life alright so for
now we're actually heading out of the
mall I know this sounds weird the only
reason I came here was just to get her
the shoes oh yeah
so wait does that mean I need to get
your mom Gucci do all right guys we just
made it home Gucci I subscribe I will go
buy her mom a few moments later so
here's the thing guys right now it's 11
o'clock at night and we were just about
to go out and I love how good my boy s1
is okay he had no idea and I just caught
him I'll say yo you still awake and he
was at yo I'm down let's go out guys so
we're picking up my boy s1 to go up
ready for I love hard down you are it's
11 o'clock at night no I just did the
video somebody so I thought you're the
best guy alright let's go to the games
let's go by the way guys my boy s1 stole
those YouTube things for me that he just
showed my boy s1 stole these for me
yesterday from YouTube and she broke it
she broke it she sat on it with her bad
so basically the plan was we were all
supposed to come to the gaming section
guys the mall is closed yeah so
literally all of us just drove over to
the mall just to find out that it's
closed it's it for what are you getting
married
so we said she could have one ice cream
and then she's like I would chocolate
and strawberry like I hope you have your
wallet hey guys so we just came to
another restaurant cuz all say was
closed so misread was too busy look at
what we're having guys whoa
when I say we I mean her she ordered a
milkshake and a chocolate cake anyway
they have these really nice milkshakes
over here guys it's like this is not
telling milkshake and it's just ah what
are you doing she's licking her like
fingers in the back I'm the one drinking
not you anyways on say this week the
blocks the views have been up there so
she might be coming back to device soon
my mafia guys so keep watching comment
below if you want her to
okay so here's the thing guys right now
we've just been chilling here having
some note shakes the rain is actually
gone to the toilet and my boy s1 just
asked your mole like is there anything
going on like you guys are hanging out a
lot you gotta explain yourself for I
don't know I'm honestly very curious and
I think everybody that's what we are
finally home right now and I'm gonna
keep today's vlog short I love you guys
and I'll see you tomorrow for another
vlog all right bye
DeLeon Oh
