are you kidding me what the hell is from
YouTube what is up everyone welcome to
another video so I am so mad right now
okay I don't even want to start the blog
like this but your view is guys so
basically here's what happened two days
ago I'll go to the video with this gun
and it got age-restricted okay two hours
later it gets on dangerous trinkets I
was like yes I'm good we get out of here
and now they hate you straight today
again so he's not shooting going wrong
when you come down over here any
restricted video based on Community
Guidelines what anyways I'm gonna leave
the link to that video in the
description hopefully by the time this
vlog comes out it's gonna be uh Nate
restricted if it's not I don't know what
to do because apparently that's child
abuse or something by the way just to
let you guys know YouTube action follows
me on Instagram
what no way
I told you I told you no way yes you
want you wanna you wanna see you guys
how you see this this is the official
page for YouTube 10 million followers
and in their following list wait for it
oh no they don't follow you why because
I met the lady that handles that account
no way man I'll say hey you want to drop
a follow come on I am or she was out of
cave I decide let's have a good day
today I'm told to remind you if you
haven't seen that video that is the
reason why so yeah I mean maybe I don't
think he was abused Oh hopefully it's
all because of her my video is
age-restricted you wanted me to smile
every time you shot me anyways before we
go out I just want to remind you I'm
doing a giveaway of a vlogging camera so
if you guys want to enter to win make
sure to subscribe down below comment and
all that good stuff and yeah don't
forget just just be happy that's it
that's how you win by the way my
sister's wearing contact lenses today
look at us whoa that looks so cool
you'll be a footballer it's a sign of
the valleys our voice so right now I'm
actually heading out of the house with
my mum
but it's actually gonna be a very
special moment it's gonna be the first
time in two months that I'm driving my
Mustang it's been literally forever
since I've driven my baby so I just want
to say I love you anyways it's time to
start this bad boy up
let's do this mom you wanna do it with
the key if you guys don't know you can
actually start this car with the key
okay let's do this oh yeah yo this legit
brings back so many memories like I used
to drive this car every day I clearly
just need to check that the exhaust is
still working
all right the exhaust is good the
exhaust is good yo I'm not even sure if
this brings memories back for you guys
but I remember making the dashboard
green like if you guys watch my vlogs
back in the day we did this together on
the vlog like we made it green a few
moments later right now we just made it
always of the petrol station and I'm
about to watch the car the thing is I
really wanted to wash my car over here
you know the ones where you drive into
and like starts like smacking you from
all angles but apparently it could
potentially take off the rap like that's
how strong it is so right now we're
quickly gonna give my car in for a
manual wash so they can clean it up and
yeah let's just see how it goes our
first as you can see there is my Mustang
it's about to get washed right now my
mum is the one that's actually driving
it so she needs to get out come you have
to get out of the car yeah turn off
what you want let's have a bit of fun
my love if you feel like I do right now
don't say
oh my god guys look at my car right now
it's literally a snowman family is there
you go that is my bad boy oh look at
this I don't know what it is about
seeing a car get washed but it is the
most satisfying thing ever
alright boys as you can see mummy mo is
with me right now all the cars getting
washed oh my god the water's coming in
our face anyways right now the car is
finished up as you can see what now that
is what you call a clean car right there
oh my god jerem looking clean as a
butterfly all right now they just
finished washing the car they're
actually drying it as you guys can see
blood that's like a wind blur right
there but basically right now we just
finished washing the car they're quickly
drying it up so that's what that noise
is in the background so yeah we're
heading out here soon let's go let's
continue the rest of the day let's do
this quickly came and stopped by at my
house the reason I came is I actually
quickly came and got my football gear
because today after one month I'm going
football again yes it's actually been a
really long time so right now I'm
heading over to the cycads house I'm
gonna quickly get some food which is
probably not a good idea before football
but then after that we're gonna go play
some football
so yeah let's go let's go HUP two three
four yo yo
Oh football today hi it's time okay it's
been a long time since I've done any
exercising like yesterday yesterday yes
this is that
listen basically right now me and sigan
are heading to go play football I just
made it over to him
we got the rolls guys I'm not gonna lie
my rolls-royce is better than his Rolls
Royce wait hey hey yo I just realized
Saiga has two very similar plate numbers
that's this car - wait for me wait wait
it's football time all right okay
anyways right now I just made it over to
Saigon boys you know this is why I want
a race like guys look at this the
starlit roof it's just God down and it's
right now
do I have sea cooling I trying to dis my
car it has some stuff okay does it have
a senior car anyways I'll see once we
get over to football because we are in a
rush right now let's go let's go by the
way I like this wood - and it closes
more wood for the past half an hour and
at the end of it me Muhammad and bliss
are gonna do a crossbar challenge so by
the way notice we're all wearing the
same shirt gives the one we want our
team actually won so where everyone else
is too tired to play basically whoever
can hit the crossbar first wins alright
first thought we got Muhammad oh can he
do it all right next up bliss
dananananana bliss disqualified disc
help me out somebody help me out hit the
crossbar he's gonna give me a free car
alright
yeah deal all right
freak mo I got a nice beetle in the
showroom we didn't guys anything I'll
take a smart car right now I am happy
tomorrow to collect your thoughts we're
good I'm good guys oh yo I know this
sounds crazy but right now I'm actually
going to deals on wheels for my free car
they're waiting for him there they said
yes it's true
it's true guys somehow I just want
myself a free car let's go pick it up
I'm guessing it's like a Bugatti yeah
that's all they have we got in McLaren
Ferrari I don't see anything else in any
other car nope
let's go get it let's go get my god
alright guys so we just made it here
Mohammed's about to give me a free car
so let's see I'm excited man I didn't
want to buy a new car but since I won
this challenge who knows I might just be
getting this free Bugatti right now you
ready so the car is somewhere over here
in the area and it's got lights shining
on it don't tell me is that come on are
you kidding me bro this ain't even
drivable
what is this it this thing doesn't even
someone use chewing gum to stick the
this is chewing gum and they used as a
screw yeah guys I'm done I'm done
this is this is Savage I wanted the cars
inside it must be more money
just keeping it here than to actually
drive it so so I'm gonna be stuck with
that car forever maybe you can sell it
Holland we got it from one sell any car
that calm which you can finish a fetch
on sell any car that come I think a good
500 since the car I got wasn't what I
expected my boy Bliss is making it up to
me he's taking me for a ride in his
Ferrari oh yeah
oh boy it's been a long time you ready
right well I'm good I want to see you
right yep oh my god guys this interior
is amazing bro when you sell this car do
you know who it comes to alright guys
let's go guys safety first full eyes on
the road burn I'll be honest I miss my
Ferrari right now but it's fun it's fun
when you have the roof off on a Ferrari
it's just such a nice experience because
you feel the wind it's amazing it's a
good time right it's a good time to be
alive we live it live check it out the
California baby I love this bad boy oh
my god I love the fact that this is all
carbon fiber this is this is the thing
right now
Ferrari coming soon Buddhahood those
guys areas right now just chillin in the
boy love this car honestly I just wanted
to say want to flex right now so anyways
boys that was our little ride in the
Ferrari right now I'm gonna head back
home so for now we're saying goodbye to
bliss peace yeah until next time wait
what are you selling your house on your
blogs peace I'll be squaw yeah peace at
b-squad let's go alright I somehow ended
my day off with a free car like tomorrow
I'm actually registering it I let's put
the lights back on alright anyways for
now I'm heading off home please
tomorrow I'm coming to register that
Mini Cooper I walked away with a free
car which is actually not that bad so
yeah just made a home right now at my
video the one that got age restricted is
now on a district and yes basically guys
you can all go check it out
the link in the description or just go
two days ago I shot my sister just watch
that video it was super dope and not if
you could see it because they wouldn't
let you watch it but if you want to
check it out right now go down below but
yes basically if you don't know when
YouTube age restriction video nobody can
watch it if their account is under the
age of like 18 so like the majority of
YouTube well I think even my account
says I'm like 12 years old or something
guys I'm just so happy because it
literally like guys this is how the
views were doing on the video and as
soon as it got age-restricted
BAM nobody could watch it anymore
ba guys right now I just made it back
home honestly I'm so so tired after that
football game like I am exhausted but I
somehow walked away with a free car
today like I am not kidding
tomorrow I'm actually gonna go and
register that car on my name which
sounds crazy honestly I don't know if I
should be happy or sad because as the
owner said he said it costs him more to
keep that car than anything so I'm
taking away like a hassle
yeah honestly I actually need to talk to
you guys about something else now I
actually never brought anything about
this but remember my Aventador that I
had it actually finally sold yes
the pink Aventador is sold right now so
the car is no longer mine like tech okay
I think technically it's mine until like
the next one two weeks until I get the
full payment but that means that I can
start searching for a new car and here's
the thing now honestly I don't actually
know if I want to buy a new car at this
moment so basically this is the scenario
at the moment I have the Mustang and the
Rolls Royce okay and honestly I just
feel like I don't need more than two
cars at the moment but this is what I
want to do I actually want to swap the
Rolls Royce for something else I maybe
sell it and add some money on top and
maybe get something better I don't know
the thing is I feel like buying a third
car just would it make sense because you
guys saw as soon as I had the Aventador
the Mustang was never driven it was
literally just sitting there like a
piece of dust and I don't want to be
that guy which just lets his cars like
rot away because I felt really bad like
leaving the Mustang so I think I might
be selling the Rolls Royce but let me
know what you think do you think that's
a good idea
do you think I should just stick with
Mustang a Rolls Royce because it is
pretty convenient I call it live because
the Rolls Royce is such a daily car but
I really aren't so many choices in my
head but yeah let me know what you guys
want honestly at the moment I'm fine I'm
just gonna chillax with these two cars
but this is just thoughts I'm having for
the future so I mean we do have a Mini
Cooper coming tomorrow so I don't I
don't think I need anything I think that
mini cooper could we can sell everything
and just chill with that Mini Cooper I
would have a lot of money on our hands
alright anyways all jokes aside I love
you so so much if you haven't already
subscribed make sure to subscribe to be
a part of the family as I said if you
subscribe you're also in for the camera
giveaway but for now I'll see you guys
tomorrow stay awesome I love you all
and as always jolly Oh No
