good morning what is up everyone welcome
back to another vlog how are you doing
it before today's vlog starts I need all
of you to go in the comment section and
just pray for me because today is gonna
be a crazy day and I don't know how this
has happened but today I'm going
skydiving with Logan Paul oh my god it
is about to go down here as usual what's
new guys I'm here with Logan we about to
go skydiving and what are you wearing
but I don't know aren't you afraid I am
like Halle free you know I'm like
petrified and I already do this because
you're doing you I can't stand on the
ledge without shaking you're screwed bro
is a danger than a goose but don't even
mess with me oh this is dangerous bad
news bears pay attention pay attention
he dies he dies this is why I love Logan
look at these guys always plug on his
legs don't look over there guys look
keep it pg keep it PG row if there's one
thing I've learned from manager Jeff if
you vlog it it's worth it it's worth it
everything everything is very nice great
for the vlog this is dying getting hurt
it's all good for the viewer lots of
views
definitely never forgot
I saw standing in the street alone
Muhammad here we are we're halfway up
couple minutes will give us ended at
that door
are you excited
no he was scared and he did it good job
yo yo yo we just finished carving guys
we did it
I'm happy to the Maverick definitely I
commend this guy that's not easy to do
skin eyes but do it when you were
standing on the very edge how'd you feel
listen I'd looked up I did not look down
she was like emo look oh yeah I didn't
do that my first time you did no make
sure you look up if you go sky guys I
cried up there those tears of joy that
was crazy dude that's getting over your
fears
yeah real eyes that we're not in control
slow everything have to take a deep
breath slow it down your time gets tough
slow it down life's gonna take its
course
yeah just cry when you're up there like
me whoa our voice so for now we just
finished out with our skydiving but
there's one thing I need Logan to do you
know look what the hell are you doing
huh all right listen guys basically I'm
gonna do a divide greet with Logan yeah
yeah yeah yeah guys so hearing divides a
thing where we guys when they see each
other you touch noses and you kiss the
air not each other
there but if your noses are touching
doesn't that inherently make our lips
close and if we kiss like that's why you
feel you're just bound up and I mean
I'll do it I kissed into before no no
but we're not gonna kiss it's agreed
okay I'm down to kiss you all right
let's do this
oh my god we did it alright welcome to
divine good let's go thanks bro listen
if you guys haven't already subscribe to
the channel when you're new around here
subscribe because I almost died for you
so here's the thing I know I just go
home right now but the vlog is about to
get even crazier because right now we're
heading to the biggest meet-and-greet in
the world World Racing is gonna be me
it's gonna be Logan and it's gonna be
rotted and we're all going on stage in
front of like 2340 listen the guy has 13
million followers I mean just add
everything together guys
there's a lot of people coming today so
right now when it clearly changed my
clothes and it's time to go let's do
this whoa now we're talking yeah oh my
god oh my god I'm super nervous we're
just pulling up to the me angry the
thing is I don't know where we're going
but they're taking us in six SUVs oh my
god presidential are you kidding we're
like we're like presidents today alright
boys so we just made it over here we're
about to go down to the me angry right
now everybody's getting ready and stuff
like that but here's the thing Logan
left his hoodie here and I wanted worry
I love wearing that let's wait for his
reaction exclusive bro we are born funny
bro you're not subscribed make sure you
subscribe anyways as I said right now we
are going down the me angry is gonna be
lit boys literally the mall is packed so
yeah let's do this and hopefully I don't
choke on stage because I have to speak
like yo yo yo yo yo hi boy so right now
we are on the way to the me angry it's
hectic because we're trying to go
through cars without them knowing we're
in the car my boy Marwan just made it
here what's up bro it's crazy it's about
to go down because I wanted them all by
accident
I got scratches everywhere they attacked
you he attacked me bro did you block it
though oh come on look myself getting
beat up got these badges we got that
yoyoyo is that what's up yo you guys you
better scream for my name okay it is
about to go down right now guys me or
the whole entourage never had Prime
Minister
I'm out here well he's sweating he's
tired that's why I don't get tired moe
you're tired get slogan well I'm a
full-fledged Savage 100% of the time
no one's career on your boys
I love you I love you I love you with
some of the okay mom what's up guys this
is insane
pandemonium I love you guys so right now
we're almost finished for the beautiful
naked
hi guys for now we are heading out that
is the meeting gris-gris
let's get out before something happens
oh my god what just happened right now
that was the I can't even speak right
now that's how much adrenaline I have
honestly I just want to say another
thank you like every single one of you
watching the fans that came today like
it was just amazing and I know a ton of
them are no gang you guys are amazing
and you guys let us do what we love so
thank you guys and if you're new around
you don't forget subscribe because that
was crazy guys somebody smacked my
sister with my pattern the first thing
someone tried to grab my hair and so
y'all know we want to beat ya'll me was
a little bit back so I think they try to
chop maybe their ba guys I just want to
say I love you guys thank you for
letting us do what we do
I mean today was insane like imagine
this crowd was the biggest me angry that
they've ever done wait a second I just
realized I actually need to show you
guys something pretty cool so the badges
for this event actually had my name on
it
love your food at mo hugs that's crazy
that's actually crazy that my name was
on there guy so listen technically I
just collaborated with Logan on a meet
and greet I know
and I was Logan side-chick guys your
bubbles are you okay yeah let me see a
torque torque torque twerk bring that
leg down no bring it bring it down oh my
god close them legs
why is he opening it more my cat what
the hell close them legs okay fine you
know what
just keep that ah as always on my end of
today's video here but don't forget okay
and I know I always remind you guys with
this type of stuff I'm giving away an
iPhone X and by the end of this week
I'll announce the winner so make sure
you're subscribed make sure you comment
down below because that is how you win
so yeah if you're new around here make
sure just just be part of the family
that's all you need to do guys so yeah I
love you guys
tomorrow
