Oh give it big head Andre Gucci game
what your game Gucci game Russia game
good morning yo what is some everyone
welcome back to another video
today is actually my last day here in
London I know but we have some crazy
things planned out ok so right now I'm
actually heading out the house to go me
oh my boy Ali and today we are going to
be seeing a Pagani now in case you guys
don't know what car that is that's like
a 2 million pound cars we're meeting up
with the owner he's actually gonna
hopefully take me for a ride by the way
the owner of the car is also the owner
of this company Marv Beck so listen yeah
he's a baller anyway it's not further
ado we're heading out guys let's go have
an amazing day and let's get into some
supercars yo oh my god good morning
besides you can see right now I'm inside
the Lamborghini Aventador SV boys what a
car
oh we're going through a tunnel right
now
oh we lost them
our voice so check it out right now we
just made it over to the spa and what
I'm about to show you is gonna blow your
mind you're not ready
check out the Pagani Huayra
so here is the Pagani who IRA guys you
do not realize how special this car is
Wow look at the plate number V 24 bra
bra let's take it on when this car opens
like everything opens and you're
probably like wondering what do you mean
you're gonna see right now it's time to
open the Beast let's do this so before I
open up the car you have to see the keys
of this car check it out this probably
costs the same as an average car I know
oh yeah guys check out this beauty oh my
god so here it is the Pagani Huayra and
he's opening up the other door down this
is what you call a flying beauty okay so
as you can see right now they've opened
up all the doors on the Pagani honestly
I don't know what to say guys I've never
seen a Pagani opened up like this these
cars are getting so close they're
scaring me Oh Oh mr. right now he
clearly popped into the marvex store
they have here in case you guys that is
crazy because their logo is actually mm
check this out
I'm going to check it out this is the
jacket I write you getting it's all
green and all purple I think this looks
amazing
you don't be cooler if we can find a
green and purple card either side put
them together that imaginary a few
moments later yeah all right here goes
nothing guys time to start a Pagani oh
boy so now that they started the car up
look at what happens to the interior so
the interior lights all turned on this
thing looks like a piece of art oh oh
this is alarm going off the bike alarm
just went off from the sound of the car
what so we are inside this car honestly
sitting inside it it's like no other car
I've been inside like just look at the
interior guys wow what a view
we got the Aventador in front of us
we're inside the Pagani now I don't know
what to say right now boys but right now
we have an Aventador SV and a Pagani who
IRA back to back in the middle of
nowhere
the garni Huayra Aventador SV roadster
marcin's that's the that's the best
thing that oh oh did you see that
guys every time this car revs some
alarms go off for now everybody is
actually heading out so we're gonna be
saying goodbye to the SV and goodbye to
the Pagani and we're gonna call it a day
please we just went for a ride in a
Pagani Huayra and it's right in front of
me check it out but if you crash into it
I'd be amazing blood content oh so you
get the views and they're not just good
school and everything yeah that's fine
so after a crazy crazy day we're finally
back at the hotel and check it out you
got Ilana yo and Ali obviously guys I
know it's sad to say we're saying
goodbye to Ali forever I love you
Randall forever and
big shout out to my boy Andy for showing
me so much love in London so peace out
bro
nice to see you soon love guys never see
you again the hotel check out this
really cool thing they have what those
are all tea cups chandelier a tea cup
Dubai Dubai here we go now in Dubai
right now we are on our way to the
airport we should be there anytime soon
you know by the way guys my sister tried
to upgrade our seats what happened can
you upgrade me now
did you both of you Dubai here week what
hell just happened I gave you the
everything for two seconds as I was
saying guys Dubai you're all right boys
this is how you know we're going back to
Dubai coats are coming off hey why are
you wearing a hoodie ah smart you smart
it's a right now we're boarding on the
plane until next time guys my friends
it's been a long day without you my
friend yo what's up loner
without Coppola and I think we all knew
but they haven't realized yet oh oh
duck duck we love you use but don't get
us wrong you know like when we're
sleeping and I look really funny and
when if they try and take a picture
good morning Hey so we are finally here
in the divide our port as you can see
after a seven-hour flight listen I am so
tired we've had two flights within the
last five days I'm about to die is it
this one nope is it this one actually I
think it is yes all right there we go
boys that is our third bag back to our
people we made it we made it we made it
home sweet Oh guys it's been a long time
it's been a long time so yeah we are
finally back home after our London trip
boys it's good to be back home because
now I can go sleep relax and I know that
I'm home now that we are back home on my
end of today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed as I said we are back in - bye
guys so stay tuned for a ton of crazy
stuff coming but for now I love you guys
I need to catch some sleep because I
haven't slept for the past 24 hours and
I'm about to die now here's the thing
boys I was supposed to pick the giveaway
winners today but just because I'm so
tired and I need to sleep I'm gonna let
you guys have one more day to enter the
giveaway so if you want to enter to win
an iPhone and a vlog camera subscribe
and comment down below why you want to
win alright as always I love you guys
well I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
don't forget if you're new around here
make sure to subscribe make sure to
watch my last video and I'll see you
guys tomorrow okay
somebody is calling I'll see you guys
yeah Yolo
