what is that everyone and welcome back
to another vlog school it's a date is
about to be a super fun day right now my
friend Ross is coming over to my
house with his Ferrari yes the Louis
Vuitton Ferrari so it's about to be an
exciting day let's get ready and let's
go have some fun anyways as I mentioned
right now my boy rocket is coming to
pick me up so we can go eat and we have
something special to show you later at
night okay let's just say he got a gift
from dj khaled okay okay okay
guess who's here oh my god look who we
have over here
what's up brother it's time to go have
some fun bro eat okay basically today is
actually raw shits lost day and device
show me
if it's my last time tomorrow is
actually heading to America to go to
Porto Rico you know all of today I went
to school everybody's like I thought
it's my last time the last day of my
life and I never felt that that I never
fit yo yo yo yo yo yo yo what is up I so
right now he just came to eat and we are
getting the most VIP treatment ever
right now guys check this out they're
letting us play xbox on their big TV
while we eat guys check this out the
Raschid TV Russian TV invite you guys so
right now I just made over to my boy
ah bro are you ready to show them
do they know this is no they don't know
if you're not the sneaker head is that
the weed investigate from trees so in my
boy wash its hand is a twenty thousand
dollar shoe what's wrong with your dog
okay so I have no idea what's wrong with
this dog he just stop barking come on
man he doesn't like bugs tophi who's a
good girl
you see we're friends why are you being
like this
oh no no no don't don't don't don't
I like you I like you come on we're
friends obviously anyways back to what
we were saying
check out my boys new sneakers these are
DJ Khaled unreleased sneaker all right
check it out so basically in case you
guys don't know dj khaled designed this
and there's only a handful in the market
they're all samples yeah and I saw it
before everybody as this was a different
color it was that quite year does white
guys listen he only gave it to friends
and family so basically we got the plug
we are this is such a limited shoe like
it's crazy that we're seeing it in real
life
$25,000 is what they're asking for this
online which is pretty crazy and my boy
has the car as well dj khaled posted it
twice of course I enjoy son in the video
we do sign of economy said rapping the
car he called did you put I need the
picture now no way he was going crazy no
anyways guys there you go this is the
legendary pair of shoes look inside the
shoe it says wait for it wait for a
promo sample
anyways boys for now we're gonna put the
shoes away as I said these are very
limited and exclusive so they're gonna
go back inside we the best bro listen
I'm telling you if you've ever seen
these in your life
they're probably fake because we have
the real ones back inside the box guys
back inside the cocky so now that we're
done with the shoes basically right now
we've come to get a haircut
yo yo yo guys check it out I just met
two of the most of his people man any
messages that are people watching my new
blogs my life
the thing is right now we came out
Android with a good friend moose over
here what's up what up my blog how you
doing man good man he's taking us around
like the best spots over here for coffee
I'm taking the guys on a tour and now
I'm gonna let you guys try something you
guys gonna wait for it okay so basically
this is the special drink we're gonna
check out today apparently it starts
coming down in two minutes
so yeah
oh my goodness is that like cranberry
juice he's like that's apple juice
a few moments later hi guys so right now
he came over to my boys barbershop and
he is gonna give me a fade but they just
showed me some of the cool stuff they
have so what you have over here we've
got 23
yo can you guys see that I have gold is
my beard right now oh boy well there you
go that is my fresh new haircut hey
thank you so much anyways but now we're
heading out for you guys as you can see
I'm full freshened up just to show you
one more time my favorite thing about
this place is the chairs look at this
they have these blue like Bethany chairs
that's insane
anyways for now we're heading out guys
so let's go and then your boy'll
expression oh my goodness so I know this
sounds sad but this is officially the
last time we're gonna see raw for a
week so goodbye my friend Ross should is
actually be heading out in 3 hours
to America to Porto Rico right why is it
so Stevie oh my god make sure you stay
alive out there bro there's a lot you I
eat you already know Gang Gang okay we
are finally back home before I say
anything else in today's vlog I just
want to remind the people that don't
know I'm doing a giveaway yes so I'm
actually giving away a free vlogging
camera the thing is I actually got this
for free so it's like a win-win
situation
so yeah if you guys want to win a
vlogging camera that I got gifted by
Canon make sure to subscribe and comment
down below and do all of that good stuff
anyways now that I'm home I just want to
say first things first their shoes you
guys saw today's vlog are special ok
just in case you don't already know they
are super super limited edition like
literally only close friends and family
or DJ Khaled got these so the thing is I
shall just show you how much these shoes
are going for ok check this out
$25,000 let's go for another sized
barrel ok I mean there is cheaper ones
there's $16,000 not bad I mean not like
that's expensive
and then finally $18,000 but as you can
see guys down 20
five thousand dollars I'm not gonna lie
that actually makes me feel poor like
$25,000 shoes I feel like I'm broke like
it was when I saw those shoes I was like
I could never spend that much money on
shoes in my life but yeah as always at
my end of todays blog here I hope you
have enjoyed if you have make sure to be
part of the family go down below drop a
like button and subscribe if you haven't
and just just be awesome alright I don't
want to keep talking too much so as
always I'll see you tomorrow for another
epic vlog and yet stay awesome guys
yeah Leon Oh Bob
