wait is that firewood fire alarm are you
kidding me wait is this a fire alarm or
test good morning everyone welcome to
another vlog
I literally just woke up right now and I
think we have to evacuate because
there's a fire was that a test or a fire
history we can put our stuff back are
you kidding me yeah what's up always
just to starve basically I'm about to
run into this tree my suitcase alright
anyways good morning everyone welcome to
another vlog day 2 here in London and we
almost had to evacuate the building
because of a fire this is the weirdest
star I've ever had to a vlog but I
honestly feel we had to evacuate right
now that is crazy
anyways as I said boys welcome to
another day here in London today is
about to be another awesome babe but
thankfully we haven't burned down
because that would have been hectic guys
all of us just grabbed our stuff and
we're ready to evacuate the hotel just
pranked us what are you laughing about
running around the room
guys let's check if anybody's out there
everybody alive yep alright guys I think
I think everybody's alive
so we are all finally ready to head out
into London it's time to go do some
exploring as you can see my sister's
wearing too many clothes my mum thinks
she's an Antarctica
are you HOT now we're heading out let's
go let's go do some exploring oh my god
so we just came to the ground floor and
look at this chair go great yeah yeah
Team Green Wow so outside our hotel they
had this really cool thing but I'm not
sure what this is insane architectural
design
the jury robotics I don't know why I'm
so excited but look at how cool the
London buses look yeah wave it then
let's see what they say yep you're
freaking the people out you're freaking
them out as I said our hotel is opposite
the big band and look at this
we're right next to the river is this
the river teams I think so yes yes yeah
if it's no we're gonna sound pretty bad
right next to the river tails but for
now let's continue go checking stuff out
and over there is the London Eye
look how easy it is to jump down oh
you'll just end up suing but you'll be a
mess my sister has the coolest tissue
you've ever seen it look at that dad not
free when you're done with it
to some Irish dancing
a few moments later whoa
our voice oh right now we are in a
totally different area as you can see
and I feel like it's time to tell you
why we are in London okay because this
was a very unexpected trip and nobody
really knows why do you want to tell
them the whole story yeah very much I
never actually mentioned this because I
didn't know if I was going to announce
her or not but pretty much guys the main
reason we actually came here on a short
trip to London is because we're buying
some property here boys and it was
supposed to be top secret but honestly
we're spending most our days searching
around for property and I feel like if I
don't tell you I'll have nothing to vlog
you know so right now you come to do a
viewing over here it's somewhere in
central I'm not sure exactly where we
are but it's really fancy guys look at
these buildings whoa yeah guys that is
the truth that is why we're here in
London we're becoming moguls as my boy
sigan says you need to invest everywhere
we're going worldwide baby international
baby a few moments later our voice oh
right now my mom and sister are inside
checking out this first place we're
looking at
it's actually the second place but it's
the first place I'm showing you so let's
go inside and also take a look guys
so when you come up you have your
bedroom right up here and then
downstairs you also have your living
room so I'm going to quickly go show you
that it looks like and over here is the
living room so BAM check it out guys
I actually really like that chandelier
tenant we're in the middle of property
shopping property searching we're
logging you yes sir they hide to my blog
saying say hi to the love I would so
right now you've come over to the second
property and check it out number two so
this is actually on the top floor so if
you guys can see the roof it's really
cool it's got like a triangular roof
shape over here the coolest thing is
this one has its own staircase inside
the house yeah it's like a private
staircase guys I'm telling you I'm not
sure you guys are gonna enjoy watching
us property hunting because you're gonna
be like mo we don't want to see this
we're not property investors I just I
don't know if you guys want to see us
know your property but that's what we're
doing and I feel like if I show you guys
you kind of know what our routine is
today
yeah cuz then you black why did you
disappear whoa
we get to the mall right now we've got a
place in south chocolate in the forms of
daily objects the architect guys what da
hell I know this looks like tools but
this is actually edible chocolate take a
bite see that imagine it smell they have
a chocolate camera alright guys so the
owner just came here and look what they
have this is actually a functioning
screw what and it's chocolate so check
this out you can actually close it and
open it and that's chocolate so if I
bite it with this to work so as my
sister said we did come over to the mall
and we did gets on the chocolates guys
oh yeah so we got a spanner a key and
two lipsticks no you know the clickbait
game is gonna be strong the clickbait
game is gonna be strong eating lipstick
as soon as you drink there's a middle
finger in exposing aunty snoring mints
yeah cured the Rory check it out we have
a friend okay I'm not gonna name him he
snores like a lot I don't know but I
heard so right now we're just going
around and I actually met two your squad
and they want to say what's up so yeah
so so guys this guy is like the tallest
person I've ever seen in my life like
look at this I'm 17
like six five 16 you know 17 maybe six
seven 5:17 what your Lana you look like
a midget
anyway Charlotte these guys are super
awesome and yeah any shoutouts your
friends I love you Dave I love you he's
my brother
no wait no I'm 14 Nick it is anyways
right now we're just going around look
at this oh my god what what they have
this stuff over here's up oh my god I
just met the sweetest Jerry's got ever
yeah he was crying cause he was so
excited but he's my guy he's my god
we're out here listen you're just gonna
be oh Christ
we were savages okay we're savages there
you go peace out guys love you boom boom
see Ron yo yo
even the mundos yo yo yo yo yo yo yo k
this is about this Isabel so I'm not
sure how to put this without sounding
crazy but right now we're actually
buying a ton of toothpaste to take back
with us to Dubai apparently okay this is
not my words
apparently toothpaste from London is
more fresh or it tastes better guys my
sister look at this this is all to take
back to divine it is they don't have
this
specific one like I can't find this one
so you flew to London to buy toothpaste
alright boy so we are finally back
inside the hotel room for today it's
been a long day to say the least like
it's been a very very long day but I'm
happy because I finally got to tell you
guys why we are here in London for so
yes for those of you wandering we're
here doing some property shopping
honestly guys as I said I don't want to
get too light into detail but it's
always good to invest your money in
different places so you can have incomes
from all over the place that if that
makes sense if you don't care then I
mean you probably don't care mostly he
doesn't care but yeah we are back inside
the hotel room side so let's say I love
you guys all don't forget if you want to
win a brand new iPhone X subscribe and
comment on my iPhone X video I made this
week so yes all we need to do just super
simple subscribe to the channel and just
tell me why you want to win the iPhone
but anyways voice phenomena end of
today's video because tomorrow one of my
best friends is actually coming down
here to see me so he's actually caring
for another C so we're gonna have a ton
of fun and it's gonna be amazing and all
that good stuff so I love you guys I'm
gonna sleep for now so I can get ready
for tomorrow I'll see you guys then yeah
leo low
