yeah what is up everyone welcome back to
another vlog yeah okay so it's my first
day back in Dubai I feel amazing if you
can't already tell I'm actually dressed
up a little bit fancy right now okay so
in case you guys are wondering right now
I'm going to a fashion show yeah yeah
and guess who's going to be the model at
the Fashion Show raw shit money kicks is
going to be modeling today and he
invited me to come I so basically
there's this fashion show going on today
and my boy Raschid is actually going to
be walking the runway alright so I'm
just saying he's technically a model
anyways guys so there's gonna be a fun
day let's go I'm just super happy to be
back in Dubai and I'm just happy to be
able to drive again guys look at my baby
I missed her man I don't know what to
say but I'm feeling so good today voice
oh yo I so the first stop of the day is
the verge the leaper guys the world's
tallest building basically I'm gonna
quickly get Raschid because we're
heading out from years of the fashion
show honestly I've missed being here so
much I feel like I'm back home
we could probably model Russian gang my
boy told me today he's doing some
modeling so I had to come support bro
let me just tell you something you are
an ugly ass dude to me boy I basically
he brought a blow dryer he's gonna go do
his hair right now you know come on you
know it's okay yeah bro you're always
like I'm basically he's gonna be
modeling today but there's gonna be a
lot of model girls there too so guys
look who else we have over here we have
mr. Bedi are you walking down the runway
like that wear like a suit no way oh my
god
so this is where the fashion show is
going on guys
nobody is here yet but my boy wash it's
gonna be walking bro
guys there's so much media there I'm
scared bro the press press press all of
this is reserved for press this funny
kick bro you're so beautiful are you
muddling today hi guys so right now
we're just is a fashion show it got
really busy bro fake hey you know my boy
washes the beard game very game we got
the beard gang racing you guys we're
right at the front where the models are
the photos are coming down from the
stairs so we get like a nice
guys the show is about to start go fatty
are you excited
thank you mother for the fantastic thank
you oh my god this is the aftermath of a
fashion show fatty
what no this is insane
I've actually never been to a fashion
show right now the fashion show just
ended and it looks like madness behind
Vila I don't know what everybody's doing
are they taking photos bro I swear you
just wasted my whole day guys Ross had
just punked out of going on stage I gave
this entire distance to see him walk the
runway does that look good you notice
the crow Isis right guys I I wouldn't
kill him right now
no I didn't like you for dinner now I'm
officially not talking to rob no it's
not the one he just wimped out of going
on the red carpet
but explain yourself you know I just
don't want to make some necks
I'm like well you know everybody to be
jealous for me I don't you gonna see the
girls in this we didn't see the girls
guys he told me there's a backstage to
beat the models you know maybe get some
numbers some wife's and I just sat in
the crowd I saw nothing I'm damn
disappointing I'm disappointed guys he
told me I want to see models that are
dressing up he specifically said what a
god okay so before I say goodbye to Ross
said I'm not sure how many if you know
this but Ross you just went and
customized his Cadillac and I'm gonna
let him show you guys what he's done
laughter that's like a Jordan clean like
the DJ Khaled lead he posted two times
in his Instagram
all right so this is my boy Rockets new
car in case you guys haven't already
seen it on the internet which is
literally going crazy but he's wrapped
it just like DJ Khaled's new pair of
sneakers though we the best down Carl
that's fire guys dj khaled posted this
twice on his Instagram already so listen
dj khaled if you're watching this I love
you I love you have the Drake anyways
there you go boys that is officially my
boy Raj's new car though we the best ok
I have one question bro do you think
Kanye so the easy part
yeah unless person you see guys the
thing is we definitely know that dj
khaled saw because he posted and posted
it twice it looks like a whole lot of
shit alright peace out bro see you
tomorrow a few moments later yeah
alright guys so now that I hope I
actually have a challenge for ditalion
Lana basically it's a 1v1 me versus you
guys so basically I'm gonna ask them a
question right now if they get it right
they can challenge me to do anything
they want if you get it wrong then you
have to do what I tell you to do right
here is the question
approximately how many social security
numbers have been issued since the first
one was assigned in 1936 a 450 million
de Bie 517 million
si 575 million and d630 1 billion very
big on the map okay so what's your art
say
631 maybe yes
it's actually 450 really ended it was a
high anyways for fit time guys this is
the 4/5 you guys have to go into the
abandoned building up across the street
no no yes you accepted the challenge
it's abandoned I watch you every day
what's what guy went in he never came
back out that's all I saw
yep I think somebody's squeezed it
through there because you lost the bet
yeah but this could protect this is not
safe and this could cause our death if
we go over there we can jump over a few
moments later okay now that was a bad
idea
before I in today's video I should will
teach you guys about a couple of things
so first things first I'm not sure if
you guys know too much about what's
going on in the environment or the
community or the world but basically
recently that's been like a ton of
hurricanes happening in America and I
think the most recent one hit Porto Rico
now the reason I'm actually bringing
this up guys honestly a lot of the time
we forget the things going on outside of
our own countries or outside of our own
like places now the thing is if you guys
don't know my boy
Ross shit is actually flying to America
this week just so he can go and help out
and the reason I'm mentioning this guys
if there's any way you guys can also
help out please do try to I mean if
there's any way you can donate or just
personally go there and help anything
helps in these situations and yeah I
suppose super awesome that my boy rocks
is actually going out there basically if
you guys don't know I think jay-z is
taking like an entire plane filled with
like stuff it's gonna be insane guys and
it's just super super helpful and yeah I
was just super excited to hear that guys
on what the
share with you guys so maybe you guys
can help out as old anyways now that I'm
back home I just want to say how excited
I am to be back and tomorrow is actually
an even more exciting day because it is
the finale of schools Got Talent
the show I've been doing with Sun and
sand sports basically tomorrow they're
recording everything guys I think it's
like a five-hour shoot we're gonna have
one hour of hair and makeup but yeah as
always on the wrap up today's look here
so I can catch some sleep for that so
I'll see you guys some more and yeah
just stay awesome guys I love you guys
if you haven't already click here to
subscribe click here to watch my last
video and don't forget to click the bell
you Aliannah
