my monkey funky like banana but the
coolest thing I've ever seen in my life
we're about to do the iPhone X drop test
welcome to a very very special video so
I am over the moon of excitement right
now I'm literally shaking and you guys
already know why because today I
wouldn't be unboxing the brand new
iPhone X before we get on to the
unboxing I just want you guys to know I
actually paid $500 over the normal price
to get this phone today so just just a
moment of silence of my stupidity you
know what guys if you could do one thing
for me just make sure to subscribe to my
channel right now and that's it
hopefully you'll make me feel better
about spending that much money without
further ado here it is
yes yes so here is the iPhone X hands-on
this is just such a beautiful phone now
in case you guys don't know I actually
had the prototype model like a month ago
so just to have the real deal right now
is amazing you know what I've been
talking way too much let's get straight
into the unboxing that
oh my god
okay okay okay okay we have to be
delicate so just the heads up this is
not gonna be one of my normal vlogs I'm
going to go in depth with you about this
phone because it's got so many cool
features you do not want to miss out
okay so this is somebody trying to break
into my house because I heard some
noises if you're trying to come for the
iPhone you ain't having anything I want
you guys to listen closely to this sound
because it's the most satisfying thing
ever so without further ado we're gonna
switch this bad boy on for the first
time ever oh oh does it work oh yeah I
got worried for a second I didn't know
if they sell them your face everything I
dreamed up so first things first as you
can see this phone is now all screen
compared to the other iPhones they've
actually made the whole front face of
the phone into a screen so I'm gonna
quickly set up this bad boy and we're
gonna go jump into some features so
while I quickly set up the phone I feel
like we wouldn't do justice to the phone
if I didn't do a montage for you guys so
without further ado here's the iPhone X
in slow motion
here is the moment of truth
swipe up - we are in oh my god okay so
the screen on this phone looks
hands-down beautiful if you guys can see
the colors are just perfect but you guys
know why I'm doing this whole video
without further ado it's time to set up
base ID okay now in case you don't know
which I'm sure all of you know this
phone for the first time ever
iPhones have face recognition and that
is what all the hype is about so we're
gonna quickly try and set it up and see
what happens so here goes nothing time
to scan my face oh oh oh so as you can
see right now the phone is scanning my
face and the more you turn that's how it
recognizes it oh my god okay so I'm
gonna repeat that in slow motion pretty
much the way you set up base ID you need
to scan your face in a circular motion
so the phone kinda has like a feel of
your dimensions if that makes sense so
you have to do this twice okay so as you
saw you just turn your face around and
it kind of recognized round two so as
you can see you just rotate your face
and then boom complete complete and you
are ready for face ID simple as that now
honestly I do have my doubts okay I set
it up but I do have my doubts so we're
gonna try and test it out as much as
possible okay all right so as you can
see the phone is currently locked if you
swipe up it tries to recognize a face
and when it doesn't the passcode comes
on but here is the moment of truth
did you see how quick that worked
it literally instantaneously unlocked
that's actually really cool that is
really really cool I'm impressed
so now that you've seen the face ID
let's check out the box okay so here's
what else is in the phone
so obviously you got your ear pods guys
standard with literally every Apple on
the back it also has that adapter thing
that comes with the new iPhone so pre
standard then you have your charging
plug I mean yeah since it's a card you
plug from cha-cha little bit charging
plug and finally you have your cable pre
standard stuff in the box nothing
special all right so now that you guys
have seen how the face ID works it's
time to show you something even cooler
okay and I know you're probably
wondering what's cooler than the face ID
wavering on the iPhone X you can
actually make moving emojis with your
face so your face becomes a talking
emoji and is the coolest thing you're
ever gonna see hi check this out I've
ever seen in my life light so pretty
much you actually have a ton of emojis
to choose from not only do you have the
monkey you also have the robot as you
can see you've got like box and it saves
your facial expressions on to each one
so I'm gonna show you guys what I mean
guys so this is the best thing Apple has
ever done hands down again just for the
sake of having fun I'm gonna make myself
a pony right now
stowing balletto in the way okay anyways
now that you've seen the animated emoji
it's time to show you some more things
about this vote
so obviously this vote is full screen
which means it doesn't actually have a
home screen button so to actually open
and close your apps all you do is you
hold down and you swipe up BAM all your
apps open up so this is how you can see
your apps and close them so yeah it
actually has a ton of crazy features to
make up for it not having a home button
in case you guys want to get to your
notification center all you do is boom
you swipe down and you can see all your
notifications and then if you swipe down
over here you have all your tools so
this way you can brighten your screen
boom you got all your other cool
features that you can access and then
you just swipe up and then it goes back
up that is pretty cool that is pretty
cool to say the least but it's time to
get more interesting again we're about
to do the iPhone X drop test
oh oh oh oh oh my god that was probably
a very bad idea but the vote still works
it's alive all right let's give you guys
a know close up so it looks like the
phone is fine I don't see any scratch
marks or anything I think that's a pause
okay so you have a couple of scratches
on the side of the phone I'm not sure if
you guys can see that but apart from
that it's in one piece there you go that
has been my iPhone X review I hope you
have enjoyed it we almost broke the
phone but it was all for science for
scientific purposes before I end today's
video here's the thing as cool as this
vote is I actually have no use for this
phone so I'm going to be doing an iPhone
X giveaway yeah you heard me so after
this week where I do my playing around
with the phone and everything like that
I'm actually gonna be giving this phone
away to you guys because I already have
three iPhones so I don't actually need
this to be really honest with you guys
so if you guys want to win this iPhone X
all you need to do is subscribe and
comment down below why you want the
phone alright simple as that
and only the comments on this video will
count so make sure if you want to win
this bad boy subscribe and just tell me
why you want it alright anyways I love
you guys and I'll see you two more for
another video as always yeah leo
