oh I hate you bro
I want you guys six months from now in
goodbye boxing match neighbors won't
long I'll do it
six six done good morning everyone
welcome back to another vlog how are you
all doing it so in case you guys haven't
watched yesterday's video yesterday I
finally revealed my mum's brand new car
which is a roast royce gosub basically I
went and bought my mom a brand new car
hey mommy this car looks so good on you
damn to start out the day right now I'm
heading over to my boy Rockets house you
guys know all the youtubers from America
are here so let's see if we can get them
killed by Lyon okay it's probably not a
good thing to say up any meenie miney
moe I choose you
yo right now I just made it over to
Raj's house I'm in the forum right now I
hear a lion roaring like I'm scared
they're setting me up for a prank it's
none of them are on string like why are
we only friends on camera why like in
real life why talk to me you don't hang
out with me I'm here for you I'm here
I'm here remember when he said he was
gonna put my face on his car how that is
talk I'm learning it's talk I brought
you a friend sure man I have a picture
of you on my wall really yes
on your like house on my house you had
like a big impact on my life so like I
framed the picture my brother why my
face is on your own why because you
impacted my life but then I come out
here I thought we were like BFFs and you
don't even like care about me
everybody's here today we got face value
look who else mark is back bro whoa whoa
we've got an excited deer over here you
want to kiss I don't even know what it
is go for the kiss get a little tongue
action in there while you at it so
everybody's playing Fifa right now guys
but I don't think I'm actually friends
with anybody here because while I was
gone then look what they did to the cake
Ross had decided to cut my face out of
it right is this is this where you go
friendship
alright so while everybody is playing
Fifa inside right now he quickly brought
a rug to like the private section of the
house bro I'm mind blown I'm genuinely
mind blown like I cannot explain like
guys so he thought this was like a zoo
yeah and I said this before guys a lot
of people think this is as you know this
is Raj's house this is a house I thought
this wasn't due and then we're gonna go
to his house later if you guys remember
we used to be here a lot this is like
the coolest room who ever they used to
go up there and jump you wanna do that
yeah are you down Yeah right if you do I
love you I don't know what's happening
right now but we're going through the
dodgiest place to get up there so right
now we're trying to go up there because
he might want to jump but like what for
are you sure this is safe oh we got we
got Kobayashi's it's dad I've said that
a hundred times you should write you're
the king of titles and thumbnails I jump
in the pool that's exactly what I told
her faces right there he jump and I jump
in okay so we did try a jump but like
yeah Ross dad's dad just taught us up
here so we can do that you can't do that
so everybody else is blogging wash and
sneak a room me and Adam on about that
life we're shopping here we're just
taking stuff right now we're just gonna
take this honestly this shoe collection
is like a store like it has more than a
stores 25,000 bring it the worst cash
here no $25
so right now the weather's go a little
bit darker but I just on your own
channel are you kidding me that's the
tiding me look like purple clothing yeah
subscribe we're outside the yeah okay
I'll do it
you are not ready Adam has to fight
I don't really know what I just did
right now ah right now I just cooled out
Lucy to a boxing match and he actually
wants to do it I didn't expect that guys
like you know what they say be careful
what you say like I think this might
actually happen for one second let's
ignore the fact that I just called out
fousey for a fight but right now we're
actually gonna go and pick up a
customized rolls-royce with his face on
it guy so I told him in America that if
he came here we'll get that set up for
him
so yeah right now we're gonna go pick up
a balls voice oh yo so check it
out guys right now we're here at deals
on wheels and I told him it would happen
bro guys a man of his word man yo he was
roasting me the whole day but but but
I'm not gonna fully call you out if I
pull back the footage I think you said I
will wrap my car with your face on saved
so for now pushing everybody's heading
out but I love how Hollywood he is damn
bro you changed Wow sorry so right now
we are actually going to put a bucket of
water on foo C's head so we're in the
hotel he's falling asleep bro you're
savage you know
I was ready to be on it nah can't
believe you did that man oh yeah it
is currently the next day right now I'm
continuing the vlog here because I
actually need to talk to you guys
seriously now if you guys saw when we
were at the chocolate bar with
Raj's dad was also there safe bahasa now
he is one of like the biggest
businessmen here in Dubai like you guys
already know that I'm sure and he said
he is willing to make the fight happen
like that's what's worrying me even more
because like ah like when somebody like
that is involved like he could literally
make anything happen if you guys know
what I mean like he's a serious business
man guys eh he's got a group of
companies I'm sure all of you know about
if you don't search him up he's Russians
dad and he's uh uh and it's scary cuz
now I feel the pressure because we said
it in front of him
I feel like now we need to make it
happen I don't even know I don't even
know anymore
really guys I'm a wrap on today's blog
here let me know your thoughts in the
comment section below and yeah that is
about it I love you guys all
I see to work for another epic vlog
Galliano
