your feet your feet your feet of people
and we are heading off the be angry
thank you guys
yeah good morning welcome back to
another vlog so today is a very special
day today I'm actually heading over to
Abu Dhabi because I'm doing a
meet-and-greet with Rexona yeah we have
a ton of activities we're doing there I
want to meet a ton of you guys and
Rexona are giving away ten tickets to
the f1 Grand Prix which I'll let you
guys know how to enter when I get there
okay so yeah let's go let's have a fun
day and let's get popping yes
oh my god alright we just made it here
into the parking alright guys it's time
to get out the car
I so right now he just made it over to
the bank guys look who yeah
as I said what is right now we are here
as you can see they go form in a one-car
shout out to William racing by the way
guys you can actually win ten free
tickets all you need to do is follow the
rules in the description guys these guys
are savage so you already know they're
gonna do a piece on basically right now
I'm gonna try simulators so right now I
just finished playing this game trust me
guys it's worth trying and it's actually
way harder so I know this sounds crazy
I'm actually gonna try and sing my
sister's song with these guys I three
two on
for now I'm actually heading out guys so
please Emma but I'm sad that my brother
because he's gonna put one hitch
thank you
hi guys so we made it out of where's my
mom I think my mom is somewhere over
there all right so we just made out the
me angry yo that was lit shout out
everybody that came I didn't even get to
speak properly but as I said big THANK
YOU to Rexona for today guys honestly as
I said make sure to follow the rules
I'll put them in the description you
guys could actually win ten free tickets
to the Grand Prix holy mum I so right
now they brought me to the managers room
guys what I'm legit inside like the
fanciest office ever I I don't know
where the managers but thank you for him
for letting me come here yo guys I love
the fact that you can see all the CCTV
of the mall that is absolutely amazing
today like I didn't even announce this
me agree on my vlog ever it was only
announced on my Instagram and still this
many of you who came so you guys mad
love yeah everybody's alive but
everybody's alive yes alright guys so we
are officially leaving right now
so it's been a good half an hour I think
we are good to leave right now we're
heading out so coast is clear
Thank You jaggery everybody here was
awesome so thank you guys so much and
I'll see you guys next time
guys guys your feet your feet your
beautiful people we are heading out for
meet and greet we are heading out of the
me angry thank you guys you guys are too
Savage please thank you
I love you guys for your savages be
careful this is a car it will kill you
holy moly that was insane I was so you
find anybody should get out right now
with Lord on as you can see the reason
I'm saying this guys while I was that
just me agree everybody I said today's
me angry was actually done by Rick soda
guys and the cool thing is a lot of our
fans went and bought my sister some
Rexona spray now you wish smell nice
fresh snow so here's the thing now that
we are home I shall open a ton of things
you guys gave to me one other doesn't as
I said this event or me angry I never
announced on the blog so most of you
didn't even know about it somehow you
guys folded my Instagram and came over
so we already pulled my Instagram go
fuller it right now that is a reason
following guys I do want to be secret
million greets and cool stuff like that
first things first this is what we got
guys
we got some donuts duh duh duh duh
what is it supposed to be the Grinch
that's not the Grinch the Grinch was
great that's a great an emoji version of
oh yeah
brave I've got some donuts and an emoji
version of the whole but are you ready
to see the coolest thing we got they
gave us a slingshot good I finished an
expensive pen somebody gave me a golden
they gave me five cards at this meeting
green fine somebody also gave me this
there guys oh my god okay I I'm not that
bad
oh I so right now we're just going
around the world and I found the coolest
cake store ever look at some of the
cakes they have they legit have an
Emirates flight as a cake tell me you do
not see a flower apparently these are
different cakes so that's a Nutella cake
that's a blueberry cake yo I'm so right
now we just made it to the wall guys and
I'm trying on some clothes this as I
said boys I'm trying to change up my
look today so the first thing I think
I'm gonna get is this yellow bunny
you should I look nice yeah red you know
but it's nice anyway as I said the store
is closed so I'm going to quickly go by
the end of the day and we have to leave
because we came super late oh yes yes
yes we came out really late today and we
managed to get something they literally
closed the store oh we made it guys
listen you know what in life you're like
this close to something don't give up
because sometimes just like us you can
make it yeah guys I just found Lana and
Natalia Oh what my sister made it guys I
always knew my sister was gonna become
famous one day mommy she's famous but
she has her own toy Lana has her own
toys
oh that was sad yeah are these off
yellows we have off-white and this is
since I'm home it's time to make some
announcements on today's video before I
end it so let's get straight into some
big news my am I love to tell you guys I
don't know if I'm gonna tell you number
one in two days time I'll be picking the
giveaway winners so if you guys haven't
already entered for my giveaway all you
need to do is subscribe and comment on
any video I made this month any video
okay so it's gonna be literally random
guys so yeah good luck everybody
applying for the giveaway listen to
people are gonna win so yeah double the
chances of winning so here's the thing
guys how do I say this within the next
couple of weeks I just want you guys to
be prepared for some crazy stuff to be
going down in Kayla and I mean like out
of this world and I know if you guys are
true your squad you will find out what
I'm talking about online there is stuff
going around online but I don't know if
I'm personally allowed to tell you but
I'm just letting you know trust me when
I say some big stuff is happening so
stay tuned guys alright and if you guys
go do your snooping around you'll find
out what I'm talking about okay cuz I
just heard about this news today and I'm
buzzing but yeah anyways as boys I love
you guys who are see tomorrow for
another happening video and stay tuned
this month is about to get crazy I love
you guys Yolo Yolo
