I'm not fear the clown I will not fear
the clown I will not fear the clown
bye see you tomorrow see you tomorrow
what is that everyone welcome to another
vlog so today is a brand new day of the
Moloch's family mummy bo is feeling good
so in case you guys haven't been
following the vlogs of the past few days
my mum was really really sick two days
ago and she was in hospital but she's
good she's good anyways how are you
living today today is a brand new day so
let's get out there in the world and
let's go do some stuff so here's the
thing the first place I'm going today is
actually to pick up my friend's new car
with him so I showed you it yesterday he
bought a brand new Range Rover but today
he's taking delivery off it so yeah
we're gonna go pick up the car and take
you for a little spin so let's go hi so
we are here at the Range Rover
dealership boys we made it we made it
y'all look at what they have over here I
love the way they advertise their cars
hi guys so check it out these are the
cars being delivered today as you can
see they actually cover them so it's
kind of like a surprise for the buyers
so without further ado it's time to
unveil the beast
we may be are you ready here here it is
the Valar don't know Oh looking cleaner
we are inside this beauty not in the end
not so as I said right now we were just
picking up this bad boy honestly the
thing about this car
it's like a futuristic family car you
know it's like everything inside here is
like torch and like super advanced and
it kind of just has that futuristic feel
to it this is nothing you turn the
volume hi guys point is the chance of
that
Loreena brandy Ranger of the law and we
see the Porsche 911
now listen bro I like this car but like
I'm sorry I'll take that any other day
and the other day alright anyways there
you go that is the Ranger of the Lark
for now I'm saying goodbye to my friends
so peace out please
whoa alright anyways as you can see
right now I am back home boys the thing
is I'm heading straight back out because
I quickly came home to upload my video
today is technically Halloween for us
and we need to do something anyways I'm
gonna go inside do my work and we are
heading straight back out for a manicure
it might sound a little bit girly but
trust me I need it guys on YouTube and I
was watching like my old videos where we
used to have a Range Rover just look at
these guys that was such a beautiful car
45,000 people decided this was
interesting to watch bro my feet look
like jungle so right now my pedicure is
about to start so yeah I'll see you guys
in 20 minutes
to see how my feet turn out so the first
plan is Lana's going to face paint
Natalia's face to look like a cat
alright if I accidentally put your eyes
yeah it's good yeah they happen bro
really how am I supposed to see her
others out of her face
Mohamad dump it that was a vlog kiss I'm
not in a good seating position at them
no don't talk this is my fault
can you give us a purr that was not per
dollar dollars a saliva what you had
that's not a purse oh my God look how
nice Natalia is looking right now did
you just draw a random black line on her
nose so this is Natalia's look so far
d'Italia how do you feel Gianna see
yourself I see now she looks good yes
see I told you it's the Red Room is sir
okay guys this was Halloween makeup
tutorial
oh you look like Casper Cass are boys so
as you can see right now my sister just
finished bass banging me and Natalia
she gave her the cute look yes I look
like a damn demon you chose this is just
that I did not choose this yes she said
don't look like a ghost you definitely
look like I said I want like a ghost not
a demon yeah but it's a very nice job I
swear you are the biggest man in history
a very nice job
hi guys so right now we all have our
face paints on and it's about to get
serious on today's vlog okay we are
about to summon the clown rumor has it
if you all hold your hands around a fire
on Halloween you could actually summon
the clown so we're gonna try and do it
guys I know this is dangerous you don't
wanna mess with the killer clown but
we're gonna try and do it alright guys
that's together guys okay I guess
nothing happened guys so we're just
gonna blow the candles out go okay okay
thankfully nothing happened all right
you know what guys I don't think we
should be playing around with any of
this like Halloween voodoo or whatever
you want to call it so yeah alright
anyways guys for now we are officially
heading out
and yeah let's just call it a day so
yeah anyways for now saying goodbye to
Natalia guys super fun hanging out
thankfully we are all safe after
Halloween many ways boys Fernan Italia
is heading out so stay safe we'll see
you soon
seatbelt on and do not stop for anybody
I told you it's Halloween
are you scaring me good things don't
happen on Halloween oh yeah oh my god as
our security creeps me out sometimes
there she goes
bye-bye all right there she goes boys
we're gonna say goodbye to Natalia bye
see you tomorrow see you tomorrow
let's secure I know I looked outside or
I liked the outside door it's okay turn
on the lights
we can hide be stupid or your foot
playing around with things like this you
don't know what happened last year
see outside
happy Halloween we love you guys all
right
vlog is over anyways I hope you guys
enjoy today's lucky we did smells like
Marin hand yeah why we got so scared -
it's just my mouth I love you guys well
I'll see you tomorrow for another Africa
long and yeah Galliano
