good morning I think I need to explain
okay so what is up everyone welcome back
to another video you guys are probably
confused as hell right now like what is
going on why do you have your own choice
and your Ferrari let me explain okay let
me explain kiss well I feel like I'm
under attack right now basically you
guys don't know we do know I sold the
car but I actually haven't unregistered
the car off my name so and do by the way
it works is I have to unregister this
car so I can take my plate number and
put it on the new car but pretty much I
just still haven't gone to do the
paperwork for the new car case all yeah
I hope that makes sense anyways before I
start today's video I just want to say
thank you so so much for all your kind
comments on yesterday's video my mom is
actually doing way better right now
she's actually inside so yeah she's good
it was basically like a little problem
with her stomach but I think it's gone
now she's slowly slowly becoming better
less pain and everything so thank you
guys again for all your prayers and kind
words but yeah anyways for now let's
continue the rest of the day I'm
actually heading out with the Ferrari
right now to go see saw my friends so
yeah let's go and have some fun
alright key goes in
our voice oh look at where I've come to
the first place I've come my boy we in
the first place I gave this day because
I Creedy came to deals on those because
as I said I still haven't registered
this but oh my god I gotta find oh no no
that's the ticket
okay all right what just happened bro
they just broke a car over there oh yeah
basically I'm clearly getting this soy
down and soon it will have my number
play on it yeah gonna be so good three
digit birth reason you already know
gay gay I'm thinking about one thing I'm
thinking two by two Gigi
but you know how much they are in Dubai
two digit number plates like the
cheapest that I know sounds crazy to say
cheapest is 1.3 million I think it's
just a divine thing oh I forgot to show
the fire extinguisher on my video this
is the worst place to record there's so
many cars making noises okay anyways
there's the car guys I need to head out
I promised my friend rock should not see
him because he is bought a new car Oh
today I'm spending you know the new
Range Rover Villar
oh yeah then you uh yah yah yah Gang
Gang
no the awkwardness I so I don't know how
this happened but I ended up getting
lost and it's dark right now come on we
need one too
BAM press for a ticket
yes our voice so right now I'm inside
the Range Rover showroom as you can see
and it's time to show you this bad boy
okay
check out the Range Rover Villar
hi boys so here it is this is the car my
friend is buying and check it out so the
coolest thing is look how you unlock the
door guys what you just tap on it and
the handle comes out that is insane my
guys so Oh check out this bad boy down
that smell I love the new car smell here
is brand new velar honestly as I said
this is a superlight new car I mean it
does look really futuristic like the
whole interior fuel like I don't even
know what this is it looks like some
touch control from the steering wheel I
mean this center console alone Wow wow
this car that my friend got is the first
addition to the law so that pretty much
means it's the first ones out and
they're special because check this out
guys so if you see that it says first
edition on the side of the door so that
is how you know it's actually one of the
first cars guys so BAM that's that
here's another way you can tell it's the
first edition the first edition ones
have this grille over here so it's got a
way more like sporty and edgy look but
the normal ones don't a few moments
later
we couldn't register the car because the
insurance company closed down I'm not
really fine on my plastic file is
blocked so I cannot register that so
basically he has like a block on his
account
it gets really technical guys but we
couldn't take out the car
so anyways right now we're actually
heading out of the show it's so
heartbreaking because this is the car
like this is his car this exact one guys
but for an hour saying goodbye see you
soon Villar so right now I just met up
with my mom and sister in the mall
basically my sister she's spending more
money on music listen this music is not
making us money like we're just spending
but like you know we're spending so much
on this music you think we can make it
tell me you think we can make in this
music industry
I have a problem my Smike scan is this
tall so I want to record my voice and be
on my laptop but that mic stand you
can't push across the table okay pretty
much we're getting ourselves a new
microphone stand missing guys please
support our music when it comes out like
you know it keep our worried it good but
I feel what kind of went down bro
keyboard warrior go age-restricted and
we only got $100 from that song remember
there's a glitch on the song bro how
would you get paid for a keyboard oh
yeah exactly
let me do some quick math for you guys
for a keyboard warrior as crazy as it
sounds we spent about four thousand
dirhams we made 300 back I checked today
200 200 we made 200 back
we lost 3000 700 or 800 you always have
to make losses and sacrifices when you
first start out so you can't expect to
start out bomb and then like just be the
guys listen I love making music I think
you guys don't like listening to it but
financially we're struggling we need to
do better
so you guys know that it's Halloween and
right now we came to have some food guys
they have the coolest Halloween cupcakes
ever so my sisters are gonna get a
Halloween cupcake just because they look
cool now get get the one that looks
normal girl order for Lana Rose that's
not a song bro we have a special guest
on the vlog we got you a Halloween
cupcake for a witch Luke she's got dark
hair she's a witch Natalia's eyes what's
wrong witch no they see the power is in
your eyes the power is to convince
Nikola this is the oskins also and the
power to be a witch okay here goes
nothing lana is about to buy into this
muffin guys so here goes nothing
oh my are you ok bro my makeup is ruined
what happened it tastes good all right
so you go to have some ice cream right
now but not any ordinary ice cream you
destroyed it so pretty much we're having
a very cool ice cream
my sister ruined it we were finally back
home right now I don't know why every
time I talk it's just I get like blah
blah anyways here's the thing now that
I'm home
I actually want to announce something
huge so if you guys don't follow me on
Instagram we are this close to 1 million
followers so to celebrate I'm gonna be
doing a massive giveaway on Instagram
Akane don't forget I'm also announcing
the giveaway winner on this channel at
the end of the week but for 1 million
subscribers on Instagram I'm going to be
doing a huge giveaway so make sure to
follow my Instagram b√¶rum MO underscore
vlogs on their store now I'm thinking of
giving away like maybe some Gucci stuff
and like a laptop I'm not sure but let
me know what you guys want ok so just
make sure to fill up my account and yeah
we Gucci anyways as always I love you
guys old now that I'm home and say
goodnight old if you hear I just wanna
say thank you guys so so much again for
all the support of comments you left for
my mom yesterday she was feeling really
really sick so I'm just happy to see you
guys our kind that hard
for her because you guys are like my
family so I love you guys and I'll see
two more for another vlog Jana Jana
