it feels so sad to let go but who knows
maybe there'll be a heffa knee next Oh
what the hell is that stupid-looking
cape I've ever seen in my life
Yaron what is up welcome back to another
video so today is a very special day and
you guys probably already know what time
it is it's time to introduce you to my
new car ok so one year ago you guys know
that I used to own a red Ferrari for
five eight it's been six months since
I've sold that car and it's safe to say
I've moved on ok listen my old
girlfriend was called Stephanie oh I'm
not your friend the car my old car was
good Stephanie but guess what I'm
upgraded you call it Stephanie I call
Anthony so here you go this is my brand
new car another Ferrari 458 in the
family now hold up I know a lot of you
were expecting me to get something
different or something newer now here's
the thing honestly I've been test
driving a lot of cars and I felt like
this time around I just want to buy a
car that I enjoy driving like a year ago
I had so much fun with my Ferrari and I
regret setting it it was such a nice car
so I felt like I might as well buy a car
that I know how enjoy driving so yes
here it is boys a white four five eight
so I feel like it's time to show you
what this bad boy has different let's go
Gucci game punchy game good game good
game good game good game good game
I feel like it's safe to say it's a
little bit prettier you know I I
Stephanie was cute but this one's I can
model yeah definitely you're cute but
this one is bound so as you can see
first things first the car is white
again but that's not my favorite part
check out the interior
as you can see the interior on this car
is fully red if you guys don't know me I
absolutely love red interiors now that
old car I had never had this so inside
this car also has carbon fiber on the
inside so if you come check this out
guys it's got a carbon fiber steering
wheel the center console is carbon fiber
so a lot of extras in this car that you
didn't have in my old car even over here
it's carbon fiber it's just beautiful
okay so I know you guys have seen a lot
about this car already but I want you to
check out the engine mate look at this
it's actually gloss oh yeah look at that
engine oh my god wow wow wow so here's
the thing as much as I'd like to pretend
there's one thing that this car doesn't
have that Stephanie had it doesn't have
a convertible roof sometimes in life we
just have to make do it all you can have
she's a very conservative version of the
wife now this is wife material
haha I guess I feel like I do this with
every brand new car I get but it's time
to show you the trunk on this bad boy
and yes it's in the front if you guys
don't know so let's go to the front
that's in the dictionary
nobody from check this out guys all
right here goes nothing you ready no
spare tire what the hell you know how
much money you can save now Zizek it's
the inside where you have a spare tire
but what's under there's something red
is that the Cape oh my god okay wait
wait what that's empty bro oh bird that
does not look like a cape that looks
like a book nice there's something
inside the trunk by the way I have no
idea what this is guys so oh my goodness
oh good so this car actually comes with
a book I mean listen we don't read books
around here though got a boy personality
why the hell would they put a book
inside the truck wife material life
anyways there you go boys that is my
brand-new baby now honestly I know you
guys have seen a lot of videos like this
I don't want to keep talking about the
car you guys can see how it looks like
but when choosing this car I just want
to let you guys know I felt like I need
to buy something that makes me happy so
I know love you might not be super
surprised because I have had a Ferrari
in the past but I feel like it's what
makes me happy so if you guys are happy
that I'm happy be happy together
does that make sense
lonna any words about the new car well
it's your dream come true you had this
car before you've got heartbroken so
today we're happy that you your heart is
restore she is good I mean it's like
you're not over Stephanie yeah I'm sorry
Stephanie look they're already bonding
sister and sister-in-law oh my god so
cute
my brother seems to have forgotten that
I'm left behind so yeah he's gonna have
to turn around or else I'm gonna be
stranded what happened what did I do
you just farted what's your point
yeah all those girls are watching you
they're gonna see your nasty side Girls
DM me yeah alright anyways right now we
are home after showing you my brand new
car boys what happened on the way home
my camera died so that is why we're
continuing the vlog at home we're
actually heading out right now to go do
a couple of things so let's go headache
yeah you really how about it yeah you
know fix it what by far you're giving me
more headache by 14 yes it's it's
actually scientifically proven don't
tell me it's scientifically healthy or
proven or whatever
I bought a Ferrari today I'm allowed to
farm
I'm an occupier I actually haven't worn
my Gucci shoes up till now I feel like
since I got a new car
it would be a perfect situation to wear
these shoes oh yo have you realized
something the Gucci shoes why did you
say it so quick like why'd you have to
discern the hype on three shout shopping
as out as you can oh three two one
why don't you do can we just get to
another shop something good boy so right
now he just made it over to the shopping
center or mall if you like to call it
right now I'm going to the instrument
shop because I wanna buy myself you know
what I want to buy myself a harmonica
Wow
oh okay so very much guys I went in
there and I was gonna buy a harmonica
okay last time I went they had a
harmonica but this time the only
harmonica they had is like the super
professional expensive one and like I
don't want to buy the most expensive
harmonica guys I I wanted like a very
average one so they actually sold out
the one I wanted so yeah I was right now
we're about to leave the moon and I just
realized look what they have parked in
the mall right now the coded sag bro
this is our friends oh my god guys
literally this is the new cinema they
have in the mall and the Koenigsegg is
parked right here they've actually put
security behind my sister watching this
car guys this is what happens when your
friends become too famous for you they
just put ribbons around themselves I
just sort of say a moment of silence for
all the friends we have lost due to ego
is this your new pet cat so in case you
guys don't know there's two kittens
outside our house and this is one of
them and I've absolutely fallen in love
with them so today as well as having a
new car we have some new kittens and now
the brother or the sisters not here the
other one is like let's just say he runs
the city he literally goes around the
area this one is like the geeky one
that's always with us yeah all right so
here's the thing in case you guys don't
know I'm actually doing a giveaway so if
you guys want to win an iPhone or a
vlogging camera make sure to subscribe
and comment on this video because I'm
announcing the winner at the end of the
week guys so yes if you guys want to win
some free stuff make sure you do that I
don't know why cats always put their
butts in there because they think you're
the mom and they like the moms to clean
their butts like I'm not cleaning your
butt like don't even try it
I'm not your mom I'm not your uncle like
you were not related to me by my face
all right so as always it's really late
at night so I'm gonna say goodnight to
all of you here I hope you have enjoyed
today's video
honestly I don't know why I keep on
trying to justify myself with my new car
purchase but if you are watching until
here in the video I just want to say the
new car I bought I know it's nothing
crazy or nothing new that you guys might
have been hoping for but honestly this
time around I just decided to pick
something that would make me happy so I
feel like if you guys understand thank
you so much and if you don't well I'm
sorry to disappoint you but yes as
always I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another epic vlog so stay awesome and
don't forget I'm doing the giveaway so
just subscribe to the channel and be a
part of the family all right I love you
guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah Leon oh boy
