oh yeah everyone what is that welcome
back to another vlog how are you guys
doing okay so today is actually a lot of
things I need to do and the first one is
related to a show I'm doing called
school's Got Talent
yeah basically I'm a judge on this show
guys and right now I'm actually heading
over to solve the auditions happening so
yeah let's go and see what's poppin yeah
alright guys so right now I just made it
over to the auditions it's about to go
down everybody is gonna go show their
talent so let's get straight into some
Thailand you ready eyes all right let's
go so awesome on is gonna go first and
he's gonna show us what he can do he is
insane right go for it kill it
three two one go Oh
that was insane good job alright so next
up we have Camila she's a professional
guys she trains 18 hours a week
and we are that guys anyways there you
go boys that was some off the auditions
happening I just need it back right now
but yeah those those kids are amazing
like literally these kids are so
talented like it makes me feel like I'm
useless
they just say that you're fine and
you're not really fine but you just
can't get into it because they would
never understand how that I'm home
actually have some exciting news for you
guys so basically you know my sister's
birthday video it's actually doing
insanely well alright and the reason I'm
saying this is on YouTube there's a
trending page which tells you the videos
are trending the highest I think I ever
got was like number eight okay this
video is number five you see one tooth
wait what wait what where did it go what
what what no way it went down no
alright guys so it's actually made a
couple of hours since I lost vlog but
here's the thing there's actually
something exciting happening so you guys
know my boy Robbie okay he actually
bought a new dog imagine like a little
puppy or something well I hope it's a
puppy I she never asked but anyways
right now many where's my boy Robbie's
house let's go see the dog keyboard and
yeah let's just let's just have some fun
what's poppin I was so much fun birthday
was so I just watched the recap you
watch the road everybody
yeah baby city guys I came here for one
reason and you probably haven't seen it
because it's so small the puppy is a
good girl
oh she's still vlog Freddy what's her
name
awesome awesome so her name is awesome
but you're the worst neighbor in history
how does she goes out there she's about
4 4 years old my dad's had her for five
years she's 4 years old but you've had
her for five years this is why I love my
boy Robbie like that the max just
doesn't click up I'm happy
so basically this is my boys new dog
also she's 5 years old or 6 years old
she's trained this she trained in two
weeks so someone cannot train here I
swear man did not train her apparently
Romney his trainer so show us some money
two weeks to Train hi
hey that training though that training
though
you're awesome come over here hey how
are you and there's somebody walking
mine I'm talking to a dog let's go over
here you could see the whole Marine Oh
check it out
wow wow wow honestly this view never
gets tiring guys like it's absolutely
beautiful bro guys remember the birthday
party Lana's birthday I mean that was an
amazing time guys we had so much fun oh
look that was a massive boat humongous
put it to perspective these boats are
really big huge I mean that's 50 60
people and just to put in perspective my
girlfriend took a picture of the boat
from my balcony which is up there
somewhere up over there it was a perfect
picture of right when the boat right
when we were docking out to start the
party check it out
that photo right now you can see our
yacht next to all of these yachts and it
looks like a baby next to like an
elephant like all these massive yachts
over here look like baby yachts a few
moments later alright guys so I just
made it home right now and the family is
ready to head out oh you know what I
want to do right now I want to go buy
the new iPhone you have yeah but I want
the new ombr√© the iPhone eight I won't
you I got two phones one for the plug
and one for the hose
anyways right now we're heading out but
why do we have my giveaway item in the
toilet
mommy why it's in the safe place mom I
had the first wash my hair you want to
take a shower today good high five what
my family takes showers it's a special
event it's a special something
okay there's a reason I can't take a
shower that much because basically I
colored my hair pink and this thing
washes out so quickly so when I did it I
didn't want to wash it off before why
don't you just wear a plastic bag on
your head and take a shower all right
anyways guys for now we're heading out
let's go let's go let's go so yeah
pretty much now that I'm home we are
heading out I want to go see if I
combine the new iPhone honestly I'm not
sure if it's out but I've heard it out
so yeah does that make any sense alright
guys so we just made it to the mall and
I just met my biggest powers
you know guys I just wear these awesome
people and all of them have like a
little cool story so he's just started
vlogging like me he's devised youngest
singer and they're like a mega superstar
family out here so shout outs all these
guys he has like a song with 8 million
views or something else I would say guys
let's take a picture whenever he's
famous I'm gonna use this against to say
I met it right anyways you guys I phone
H we are here and this is the new baby
Oh bro we have to get it we have to get
it guys ok so basically this is the
brand new iPhone 8 that just came out
guys I'm pretty sure it's been out for
less than a week so I'm actually gonna
buy it and do a review for you guys
today let's get it ok I let's be honest
with them we already took photos of this
ok basically we've been playing around
with it guys and this iPhone has the
craziest features ever look at that
definition right there ok so one thing I
have to say I love about this phone guys
the back is actually glass like listen
to this it's actually front and back
glass which makes you feel super like
quality if you know what I'm trying to
say Oh guys we did the purchase has been
made the iPhone 8 yes alright I open it
just check it so iPhone it just quit a
check it's an iPhone it oh yeah so we
are officially home right now and it's
time to unbox this bad boy
this is the iPhone 8 plus the color I
ended up getting was the silver one
because that is the only one I managed
to get ahold of guys but let's open this
bad boy up and see what it's made of
right and here it is oh my god
so as you can see it's got the double
camera action going on at the top now I
actually need to show you a lot of cool
things this thing does so welcome to the
iPhone oh yeah
the main thing the main thing about this
phone is the camera okay so I must start
taking some pictures alright let's do
this okay alright guys so I quickly made
my sister stand over here just so I can
show you this camera so i'ma quickly go
ahead and take a picture of her right
now three two one
BAM alright and now it's time to show
you what this phone can do so as you can
see this is my sister guys you can
actually make the whole background black
what this literally became like an
animation photo right now how do that
basically at the back there's two
cameras on the phone one of them focuses
on the person and the other one on the
background so it creates this like
really 3d photo and that's how it knows
where the background is so this is the
photo guys if you can see that and then
once you flick through BAM everything in
the background becomes black I feel like
this photo is something that looks
professional you know yeah it looks like
you know what those 3d art designers may
be yeah oh my God look at how HD that is
look at how easy that is so we're gonna
go to edit ok so there's actually a ton
of different edits like this is the
first on guys BAM your face looks a
little bit brighter next up we have like
the really hasty effect this makes you
look like a superhero okay
and the next stop oh yeah anyways guys
there you go that is the brand new I
bought and I thought I had to get it
just to show you honestly there's not
too many differences with the previous
generation I mean there is like speed
improvements and stuff like that but I
mean overall the phone just feels really
nice and yeah it's just pretty awesome
to have ahold of if you just to make
this review a little bit more
interesting I actually want to show how
similar the iPhone 8 is with the seven
alright so BAM as you can see guys this
one over here is the eight and the one
which is a black is the seven plus
everything is identical if you guys can
see this obviously this is black this is
silver guys and the reason I'm actually
saying this is there is a lot of
youtubers I've watched that don't
actually want to review the iPhone 8
just because of how similar it is to the
iPhone 7 plus right and holding both of
them in my hand it is very very true in
case there's not much else I really
think I can show you anyways boys as
always on a wrap up today's vlog here I
hope you have enjoyed it if you have
make sure to drop of that like button on
it and yeah right now my sister's
editing off her day by downing some
chocolate milk before I say goodbye I
know I've already showed you these guys
but honestly this bag looks so cool like
big shout out to our friends like if you
get a close-up of it it just looks
really detailed like it's got these like
lines across it it kind of looks like an
iphone wallpaper you know by the way you
know Romney's dog is called Romi's dog's
name is amazing amazing the dog's name
is amazing amazing amazing amazing
romney is so dumb okay but what's his
name his name is
different you know amazing anyways as
always I love you guys so so much if you
did enjoyed today's video make sure to
drop a like button for now I'll see you
guys some more so until then if you
haven't already subscribed to the
channel click here to be part of the
family click here to watch my last video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow yeah
