yo what is up everyone welcome to
another vlog how are you doing right
thank you thank you for all the noise
you guys are making it's okay today we
actually have a ton are they trying to
annoy me are you are you good bro
alright anyways as I was saying today I
actually have a ton of war sports
planned out I'm going with a couple of
friends so it's about to be lit we're
gonna have some fun and if you guys
don't know DAP he is in Dubai if you're
from the UK you might know who he is
he's a rapper and I think we're going
jet skiing with him so anyways let's
have some fun guys and let's go
our voice so right now I just made it
over to the spot we're about to go and
do some more sports but check this out I
just made it over to the hotel and look
at the lineup over here down
yo yo yo look who we have a kid kid that
kid kid that will kick Kido Kido we take
two also gonna say one thing you should
do is definitely subscribe to the video
I don't know if the link is there or
above will make sure you link to
subscribe to more low ISO right now I
quickly changed up but before we go on
the war I have to introduce the
legendary Daffy gang gang listen no guys
honestly I listen to Sonia for song you
know Union yeah that's that's my tune
right there yeah let's go guys we about
to have some fun so we're gonna go in
the war right now let's go so here goes
nothing right now we're all about to
head on the jet skis
we've actually got six jet skis so we're
rolling as a squad oh my god you know
can't wait for me I'm coming
this ain't even waterproof I know
something you taking some risks
I've already given the blows you ride
the help this is crazy
everyone say water donut's
and I'm the only one with the camera to
recorded welcome to Dubai my face is
full of so where I'm actually really
enjoy this album ingesting like a while
so this is pretty fun so right now we
came along the shore over here and all
of these villas are like four super
millionaires there is some insane
mansions look at this
first time you see this hair messy we're
done guys now jet-skiing on to the next
one okay so right now we're actually
heading to go parasailing so let's do
this oh he's still doing something we
stand on the lawn
attempt number two you did a good job
give me a high five
hold me close till I get up I miss
barely outside
I don't always last
hi guys better go nothing could stop me
I'm all the way so right now we are on
the boat that fee has gone up for the
power saving so once she comes down me
my boys here are going up so shrill look
at that bear they are power saving is
one of the most beautiful sights I've
ever seen this is what you put in same
foot control he's bringing it down with
his foot are you sure it's tight
hey bingo Scott better get back
oh my god thank you film them because
because look at them holy moly
I don't want to drop my GoPro cuz I'm
only holding it with my hands but holy
cow bro imagine you see a shark
why are you saying this nothing miss
Ohio we're so high right now that you
can barely see anything but pretty
amazing I don't know this is the best
thing we should be talking about but
we're only talking about death right now
yeah we shouldn't we should talk about
that view right wow that's beautiful
okay any messages to your loved ones for
short touches my feet oh as the red dot
there's a red door we have to land there
away no we're landing in the engine
oh hi boys so we are officially done
right now shout out my boy Annie over
here
BAM you already know he's actually
hooking you guys up with the promo code
so I'm gonna leave it down below so go
and check it out you get some discount
from your boy from your boy a few
moments later game time baby oh my god
oh I feel like a footballer walking down
here got the contacts by boys the game
is just started so let's go enjoy
alright so right now we are here at the
football match we've got my boy wash it
what is up as we're in the VIP section
so it's kind of awkward vlogging TV via
how it's being VIP I can basically only
like the owners can come with the
posters so that's why I'm here
go ISIL yeah yeah go
look at this goal look at this goal okay
our boy so for now we are heading out of
the bench we actually stayed for one
half only so let's go a few moments
later you need 10 million dose
difficulty hi guys so right now we are
actually heading over to my boy Blissey
studio and we're gonna make a song
together it's happening I don't know how
we decided this happening anyways as I
was saying right now we're heading over
to the studio to make a song so let's go
money coming in good money go ahead yeah
hi boys I'll see you once right the
studio to make this track oh yo you're
weird you're we end up building boys we
are in the building yo yo yo yo yo DJ
blue I know we came unexpected but are
we ready
okay okay boys so we are in the studio
right now it's time to go and make some
history happen so let's go inside and
see what's happening all right
wait a second
what uh-oh you're cut the music bro have
you wait what was going on a couple
seconds ago there was like people
dancing no there was some horses in here
we're in the studio right now guys about
to make history happen it's time are you
ready
Oh October 26 we're gonna make a history
we're making history right now in making
history here goes nothing boys we're
about to start recording you ready
Oh fire reads we left alive when it gets
money up order go first money can I give
a signal every time so if I just take
money cakes bro I swear I gotta dust I'm
so good that's okay we can do it one
more time come on hey hey high five my
boy my boy
hi let's give him some a little reverb a
little effect on the voice yeah he needs
a lot of that okay so right now he
quickly took a break from recording
music we've actually come and look what
we got pizza basically they're playing a
game of FIFA right now yes I don't want
to say much but bliss you need to work
on your people skills
there's either so believe it or not
right now it's actually 12:30 and we're
making a real song out of this so
initially we came here to mess around
but we might actually be releasing this
song sometime this week depending on
bliss show them the work show them so
they don't think it's very good check
this out so just to show you it's legit
we are making this track so we might as
well play it for them what we've made so
far yeah just the intro hi boys it's
currently 1:00 a.m. in the morning
bliss needs to go home to see you guys
have ministered you this late in a while
guys stay tuned we're recording this
song I'm working hard to finally
released a good song for you guys so who
else to make it work then Dubai's top DJ
DJ DJ please help us make now many hope
to go sleep guys and stay tuned we're
gonna work on the song a little bit more
within the week so yeah peace adios damn
Oh
peace out squad alright so I'm
officially back home right now it's 3
a.m. so I'm gonna say goodnight tall if
you hear guys I don't want to make much
noise because my sister and mom are
sleeping right now so I love you guys
will stay tuned for the vlogs coming up
in the next week they are about to get
lit and awesome alright they're always
knit so stay tuned I love you guys and
as always Yolo Yolo bye wait before you
go don't forget I'm announcing the
giveaway winners by the end of the week
so if you want to win you pretty much
have to subscribe and comment now
alright guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah leo
