lost 100 is it good is it good yo what
is up how are you guys welcome back to
another video so today we have an
interesting day ahead of ourselves so
I'm not sure how many if you guys have
been following up on the vlogs this week
but I have actually sold this Rolls
Royce this rostros does not belong to me
right now
and today I'm actually going to go and
get the cash for the car and I'm gonna
be completely open with you guys about
how much I got and yeah you guys are
gonna see how much this car was worth
because that is that's a question
everybody keeps asking me so let's go
mommy I'm sorry your rosters this car
was actually my mom's car if you don't
know so today I sold my mom's car update
mom you can't update cars they're not
computers upgrades you get to keep the
cash no a new car new car let's go high
five
well mommy home is that like it alright
okay this is why alright anyways without
further ado let's head out and let's go
get my money yeah whoa okay okay yeah
it's time to go and finalize my car yeah
you have the money yes they do so we are
here in the deal room it's time for the
cash is it ready yeah man
a hundred thousand two hundred three
hundred four hundred five hundred
thousand cash five hundred thousand so
there you go that is the answer you guys
are waiting for a lot of people awesome
now you know how much have you put your
car how much are you selling it for so
in this case the Rolls Royce is half a
million guys so I feel like we need to
count it out just for you no trust
issues all right let's get it started
oh yeah found first hundred thousand X
Oh looking good looking good I like it
in cash you know what guys I think I
believe you now
I think we're on the same page Sean BAM
400 right there lost 100 is it good is
it good 500 guys this is how you collect
your money all in rubber bands I even
brought my laptop bag so I can put the
cash inside there so this way it's out
of sight got to secure the bag 100 200
300 and then 400 and then 500 all right
thank you well we are good
because I I actually do I'm gonna
quickly sorry that I got the cash and
we're gonna work on the next car guy so
yeah change jingling dolla dolla so
finally back home right now we got the
cash I actually want to deposit it into
the bank right now guys cuz I don't know
I didn't want to bring the money home
you know like you have to secure the bag
anyways I just go home and what is my
sister doing bro
what are you doing what type of setup is
this there's like a camera and like
three spider legs yeah anyways the
rolls-royce is sold take a guess how
much I sold it for yes what is my sister
doing Wayne why did you just rub brown
stuff a little cross your face this is a
day in the life of an Instagram model
anyways right now heading out to go see
one of my friends and I haven't seen him
in like four months yeah I'm actually
going to see my boy ASA haven't seen him
in a long long time so we're gonna go
chill out have some fun and let's let's
get emotional again let's bring back all
the memories all right I'll see you guys
what's on with him let's go oh our voice
oh I just made it over here and look who
we had of the guy yeah he's bringing in
from
okay guys so it's been four months we
haven't seen each other but now that I'm
here my boy has a surprise for me I'm
heading out to the back row sure do yeah
that's a surprise okay so basically in
the back my boy has a private garage of
cars and I don't think anybody's ever
seen on social media right guys
exclusives with mo alright let's go and
check it out oh here we go boys
check out his private collection boom oh
my god
Wow so as you can see back here
they have parked up a ton of their cars
it looks crazy let's turn on all of the
lights they need to see the space this
is insane so wow wow wow hole leave moly
welcome to the collection these are
basically my boys day to day cars
anything when he's bored he's like you
know what let me let me go let me go to
the garage and pick one out the thing is
it's crazy cuz they're organized so the
first line is the super cars over here
is like one of the luxury cars oh
there's a cat there's a cat in your
garage the coolest part is the SUV's
guys they have like 20 Range Rovers
back-to-back look at this what
bro can I can I just borrow one yeah
just forever okay guys you know what let
me just pick out a color and I'm gonna
take it the black one
my boy is offering to give me a black
doubt hey Justin it suits you the most
we have a special play as well seven
eight six now in case you guys don't
know this is a very special number in
Dubai even my sisters Instagram is Lanna
or seven eight 600 786 is very special
guys so they have that on their plate
number some special things I've been
back all right let's go check out the
back welcome to car heaven so at the
back they actually have two Nissan gt-r
skylines this is rare this is from my
the Fast & Furious movies but they don't
have one no they have two two of these
bad boys in the back wow wow wow well
honestly you guys like car guys will go
crazy just to see this car that's insane
extras over here so like you have the
Mercedes funny thing is my boy actually
used to do racing and this is his
personal racing car so he used to do
racing on tracks and this was the car
used to race in but now he's selling GM
him guys DM on Instagram OMG underscore
underscore Lisa damn anyways there you
go boys that is the collection of cars
over here as I said I haven't been here
in like four or five months and since
that time this whole area is a new
what's up this is your mom's favorite
guys oh my god they have a purple
Bentley is it a muskan what I don't
what's it good what yeah honestly this
would be so nice next to my sister's car
I feel like we have to come back and
just do an Instagram photo
regional housing
so we're the lost people in the showroom
right now and they've actually locked us
in for stuck inside the show please open
the door no my bad open the door help
help hi so right now we just came to eat
you so basically the fountain shows next
to us
oh yeah
so my food just made it here I'm
starving
Bon Appetit I'm gonna get you listen
there's nothing better than a meat pizza
like I love it guys it's my thing so
making it huh I'm gonna eat my food I'll
see you guys in a bit
a few moments later okay our boys so we
just finished eating our food actually I
think I should gamble the vlog that guy
all right guys we've got a super awesome
guy over here yo your squad Gang Gang
actually I'm gonna tell him to call it
the vlog because you were super late
hello young man or so good to see you
again your thing is good this guy is the
best guy every time I come here if you
need to become the manager here Oh way
to replace the manager this guy just
took a random picture I have ISA as my
witness right now the craziest thing
just happened so we just came to my
sister mom and we saw a guy taking a
photo next my sister assuming they know
she's a youtuber we got there and I just
heard the guy say so what's your YouTube
channel yeah so you know my YouTube's I
was after you took the boys I wants your
YouTube channels like my guy took a
photo with her randomly without doing
your YouTube channel okay guys if you
find any photos online saying this is my
girlfriend or a woman crush Wednesday
that guy had no idea who she was so
right now he came to have some ice cream
more girls are having ice cream
I just feel like paper da here but I pay
for girls let me don't expose me they
ask you how you are you just say that
you're fine when you're not really fun
you just can't get into it because they
would never understand I don't have the
budget for the big gun the big cup is
too expensive so can I add my Nutella
after I weigh it like then I have to pay
for it I think we should wake up no oh
all right boy so we just finished eating
and right now we're about that a-hole
look my sister gone oh look what I got I
got a charger Hey
anyways my boy ASA is heading out peace
scold me bro sputtering bro
bold most funky and guys you just broke
my camera piece I'd rather see you buy
right now after a very good day listen
if you're a guy you probably have the
same feeling as me whenever you have
money coming in it's like the best day
ever
I should be getting my new car within
the next like three days so I'm excited
guys I listen I feel like this car is
the one so yeah that is pretty much what
has happened today I'm gonna end up
today's video here I just wanna say stay
tuned because tomorrow's video is
actually a very very special video now
let me just tell you this it involves
two by police yes
okay so two boys video is actually gonna
be in collaboration with the by police
so stay tuned because it's about to be
lit so yeah as always I love you guys or
if you haven't already subscribed click
here to subscribe click here to watch my
last video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yeah leo
