what is up everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you doing if you're
wondering why I was in there don't ask
any questions okay just don't ask any
questions so I actually have some sad
news for you guys today and I thought
I'd share this news outside my house
hence why I'm here in the middle of
nowhere and there's a tractor behind me
look at his dick I think it pulled up my
head and I'll die I think we should move
away before I tell you what the sad news
is I know most of you already know it
you clicked on the video and I probably
put it in the Thailand thumbnail but
today I'm actually getting rid of my
rolls-royce yes
parked across the street and today I'm
gonna go swap it for another car I know
let's just go say goodbye
here is my rolls-royce today it's going
it's actually going so Oh No okay so yes
you guys heard me I'm getting rid of the
rolls-royce now here's the thing I've
been telling you for the past three
weeks I want to change my car and
honestly the reason it hasn't been
happening is for me to get a new car I
need to sell this again because a lot of
my money is in this car and today I just
said you know what that's it I'm done
now honestly I've had so many memories
with this car I'm actually I'm kind of
emotional I'm actually kind of emotional
getting rid of it but in order for me to
buy a new car it would not make sense
for me to keep this again it's been an
emotional journey and since it's going
it's time to say goodbye goodbye
rolls-royce they're gonna be missed I
know it's just the car and I know it's
not a human being or anything but
honestly I don't know why I kind of got
attached to this car a lot boo-yeah boys
honestly it's been so much fun having
this car in the family like it's just
it's been our baby you know it's been
like the family car that I've always
wanted mommy are you gonna miss the car
so yeah anyways right now I'm gonna head
out of here let's go and let's just
finish this deal guys I feel like it's
about time right now as you can see I am
home with my sister what's up you listen
to me stop doing you come a multitask on
the vlog okay number one you stink yeah
you actually smell I just have to let
you know today I'm selling the Rolls
Royce okay that does it that's your
reaction
you've done this a billion times you've
bought and sold cars
yeah but the Rolls Royce Casper I know
I'm gonna miss Kay
well done I supposed to do a short car
why would she have another rolls-royce
you think I like the Roosters because of
the seats from the back for our back
health mommy's help you know what that's
actually a good idea
I never thought about changing the
rolls-royce to a rolls-royce Wraith
which is I can upgrade and that is the
star ceiling okay anyways for now we're
heading out so peace out and enjoy your
life
peace happy life happy wife I don't know
how I just made that up bye bye hey so
check it out I'm finally here at Jill's
Orioles right now and I'm with the man
Mohammed I've been driving you crazy
guys and today I was like you know what
that's it the Rolls Royce is gone and
now it's hard to pick the new car so so
we have two options for you I have the
c63 s 2017 model okay I think we need
something more exciting I think the
Ferrari suited you the second option is
the four five eight mo oh yeah so if you
guys remember about two weeks ago they
had a white four five eight just like
this and as soon as I came it got sold
so he found me another one so I think up
to you man I don't know I have the third
option now which is for a date
it's gonna come tomorrow if you want to
come tomorrow and have a look bring the
cash and we'll talk inside guys
basically I want you guys to comment
down below he's giving me three options
so I can either go with this one the
white four five eight the Mercedes which
it's the last I mean a nice you know
loud car if you're looking for the noise
treat or no I think you okay let's turn
it on okay we only did the coast guard
so guys I think we need to stick to the
four eight eight and come back tomorrow
bring the cash in this town my rolls
first is so Doug deal bang ghost is
gonna be a deal zombies for sale guys
how about that how about action audio
Instagram make sure everyone follows us
anyways guys for now I'm heading out the
cars wait what car do I take them now
why don't you just take the ghost and
come back tomorrow bring the ghost and
hopefully we close on the for a bit okay
alright one more day with the ghost done
and dusted anyways now that we're dealt
with the car I'm actually heading to go
get a haircut and buy shave done because
it's been a long time since I've shaved
so I feel like right now we need to go
and pretty yourselves up so yeah let's
go and fix up how I look guys let's do
this
oh my god I was so check it out your boy
just had his hair cut oh I am looking
like a fresh bag them eyebrows don't
eyebrows on fleek now that I'm dull my
haircut I came over to the shoe section
oh my god
they have an elephants I think this is
actually here for Diwali so happy Diwali
to everybody celebrated for yeah boys I
just had my hair cut I'm actually gonna
go around and see if there's anything
nice I can buy for myself because it's
been a while since I bought myself an
outfit so I'll let you guys know if I
find anything let's go yo so right now
I'm in the sneaker store checking out
some sneakers but I swear for a second
that I thought these were easy look at
this this is an Adidas shoe and it looks
identical to the 750 s like don't you
guys think this looks like the 750 is
easy all black this is nothing it's like
having like a replica that's not a fake
dewclaw sees as Big Easy's or real
look-alike because they are technically
adidas I feel like this is like a cheap
option to get yourself an easy
look-alike
and this way you can't be roasted for
having fakes if you know what I'd be
like there's still a tea dance tell me
you guys don't think that they're trying
to make these look like the 350s you
know I feel like they're trying to make
a cheaper option for people that can't
afford Easy's so yeah damn I'm
guaranteeing you a hundred percent that
Kanye West is bad
at yo I'm telling you guys right now
like if I was him I'd be mad that they
made these two
or our voices to check it out I'm back
here with my Jordan family so it's been
a long time since I've been sneaker
shopping so today I came back and
they're showing me these bad boys oh I
like these and the blue one so right now
we're gonna quickly put these bad boys
on and let's see how we do boom a little
bit girly now I'm heading out so I'm
saying goodbye to my man over here peace
out guys the shoes are nice I think
they're good for long enough guys Lana's
gonna come next time tried them on but
for me purple like I don't think I'm a
purple guy they're tempting me but I
don't know
I love that look at that hairstyle I
know I look like old mo show them my
hair I know that people want back that's
what you give the people what they want
you know I'm not trying to my brag or
anything the ladies the enemy broke the
enemy
you look like Tintin what the hell's
Tintin it's a cartoon no let me know the
conversation where you guys think
honestly I feel like I look nice guys
how do I look like that I'm gonna take a
pic finally I'll alert into whose minds
is this there you go you look like
chintan I told you so
yeah yeah yeah whatever listen Tintin is
not as good-looking as me
