good morning bro hi guys so good morning
everyone welcome back to another video
oh my god he's trying to did you what is
happening right now bro guys so we just
woke up and came to have breakfast and
my boy s1 literally brought the whole
buffet to our room hey guys that's my
egg right there was like all of this and
oh oh the pancakes so we just finished
up with breakfast
good morning it's time to swim 1.5
meters that's about your height guys the
birds are taking showers in our sample
like why oh he's flapping is like wings
in there oh alright guys it's time to go
swimming right now
you got cut the music
DJ what the hell is this alright guys so
right now it is time to go swimming so
let's go but we're so close to the birds
right now oh my god guys oh the birds
literally come here to wash themselves
like is there no better shower
they chose the knife they chose the best
one I get our villain this is the dumb
stuff you only do when you're in a villa
hotel guys the coolest one meter 50 beep
Lana's 149 Laura what are you doing oh
this is just the lottery in case she
drowns guys not easy
yeah guys we're just chilling in the
same pool getting a little tan you know
your boy likes to be that that
chocolatey skin tone you know imma dive
in you want to vlog me from inside the
water so my brother's about to do a
crazy diet for you we hope he doesn't
break his neck I just said that
it's only 150 where do you just take of
your clothes you have extra clothing I
like that I like I like that we need to
do like an underwater dance you wanna do
I think we can do it good no ok so right
now we're gonna try something a little
bit different guys we want to be the
first people to sleep underwater I know
it sounds impossible but we got my
pillow
we got my blanket and we're gonna do it
okay I don't know what my brother is
trying to do right now but
yeah that is the definition of drowning
somebody to guys whooping if you'd
rather sleep mother's sleep
guys oh my god so the birds are taking a
shower right now over here they're
literally showering in our swimming pool
no look at how he takes his shower he's
just like he's like they're gonna kick
me out so now we're actually gonna head
out of here because we've been in a
spoonful for like three hours of
chillaxing and I think like our body it
looks like a pickle right now there you
go we are done swimming right now damn
that was fun that was amazing guys
anyways everybody is in their clothes
again we're back to normal humans right
now now Lana I don't know what's going
on guys like she's still in the water
she got dressed and then just about got
gonna be and they're just waiting and I
wanted to put massage is that what you
trying for now we're leaving guys hey
guys Moe and I it was amazing you don't
wanna do so much funny guys who's that
girl long as they can't vote off no idea
why is there another girl here excuse me
who are you who is this girl wait what
what what are you doing in our villa how
did you get in sorry
did you take out right now it's mine now
what Oh
so jokes aside guys look who else is
here today we have
where the hell did you come from
did you see that helicopter that was
coming at that helicopter I came down
that's why she game bro guys so Narine
just came s1 doesn't know she is I'm
still confused what do you do yes yeah
yeah oh my god this became the youtuber
below be a guys today Marine surprised
us and she is back in Dubai right now
and she just showed up
alright we're gonna have a lot of fun
today
what is that dance you could eat
bro I called me she surprised me what is
she doing I don't know but like how did
you boy how does she find us there rain
somehow found us like she literally flew
into Dubai today and bound our location
what what I'm scared she's super sweet
by the way super sweet she's taking
photos of my sister by the way like yeah
we're supposed to been out here like an
hour ago
oh yeah let's leave but this taking
picture you right you guys we can't stop
girls taking photos take your time guys
we're about to have some more fun today
like I can't wait to see what you all do
nothing let's go hi guys so what did I
tell you the first place man their
in-game estate some food right now yummy
guys look at this what oh my god guys
Wow now that is what you call dessert
tada
a flower for a flower oh my god so when
I told you to desert look crazy this is
insane
was it nice oh my god what just happened
maybe they didn't think we didn't what
guys so basically this restaurant we
just came to the guy just came up to us
I was gonna pay the bill and he was like
y'all you're not gonna pay the bill I
was like did somebody pay for meal I was
there is that somebody that paid for me
no you did that is the weirdest thing
that's happened to me this for you guys
hey literally the guy was speaking to me
now say yo are you sure like this is
free yeah I don't even like my Arabic is
not good guys so like I was like wait is
he saying what I think he's saying we
should take in the takeaway buy more
desserts and stuff you know if it's free
imesh right now we are back home and I
feel like we just need to clear some
things up okay you guys saw me and
Narine did the lie detector test with my
boy raw shit now we said a couple of
things in there that yeah you don't like
I'm honest I'm sorry but yeah we're just
gonna say if things have changed all
right we're just gonna thieve things
changed right so right now it is time to
put Narine on the spot have your
feelings changed since the last time I
saw you I blog is over guys I'm booking
an uber right now so pizza guys she
could take a taxi cause she's taking a
taxi home right now so peace out
bloggers over I love you guys
