good morning rise and shine everybody oh
yeah welcome to Dubai today's about to
be an amazing day my sisters awake I'm
awake everybody's awake so let's go
first stop of the day is breakfast good
morning good morning what is up rise and
shine are you ready for breakfast wait
is breakfast free or not no okay yo yo
yeah we're about to cancel the whole
plan right now if it was at all my god
oh my gosh the holy chaplain so right
now you've come over to have breakfast
and look up there the Holy Child you
know when you say holy cow
we're heading to breakfast right now but
I couldn't help but notice a cow above
the staircase oh my god what is this ah
okay I think it's something to do with
food so they've actually listed out
where all the body parts of ER like why
would you do that
Wow I feel like we're having breakfast
at the White House we have a buffet it's
time to eat let's go
by the way somebody has decided to leave
nuts Anna how dare they I don't know how
dare they leave Nutella on its own
okay
so right now I went and got my egg but
even cooler look at the drinks they have
over here oh damn they have a lot of
drinks so everybody got their breakfast
right now Lana's having pancakes and egg
Netanya she ate everything already and
me guys I'm gonna healthy to this I'm
having some cheese and some croissant so
right now we just finished having
breakfast but I want to show you guys
these cool guys what's up guys I just
met them they're all super big fan so
shout out to them they're super awesome
and yes our voice so right now we just
finished how your breakfast
yeah you saw the pants I know they know
more than I know about myself and free
mint oh you have a free minute you have
to take some free minute take some more
yep just cover up so they don't know
there we go
peace guys there's somebody over there I
think he sees us no you came from next
to our house guys I think we're being
invaded oh my god bro there's three
people climbing each one to rope has one
person ringing from it so right now we
just came back to the room now you know
the breakfast downstairs was good but
there's nothing like a pizza when you're
our hotel bro you're eating next to the
bed are you kidding me
we made it so for now we are actually
checking out of the hotel room so we're
saying goodbye goodbye private dining
goodbyes amazing view I'll see you soon
okay so before we check out though tell
I'm having some ice cream guys and you
already know what they're about to do
this time I'm gonna try and get it okay
I'm gonna be aggressive
anyways before we got I see research
delicious by the way okay so right now
he quickly came next to the same pool
and I want to show you an awesome band I
just met Sophia you guys she's from UK
if you can't tell that posh accent she
has but she actually has an awesome
group of friends which need to be on the
vlog so what are they shower to everyone
at British swimming how much do classics
Devine RGS Worcester there so you swim
yeah oh wait why did you apply for the
competition you did oh okay big shot so
she's super awesome guys
I met her in the morning but instead of
that clip I'll just use this myth okay
yeah that sounds good right super
awesome for now I'll see you later peace
out ah holiday time our boy so since it
is our last day in the hotel right now
I'm actually gonna go do some swimming
so are you ready mommy all right guys
it's time to do some swimming let's go
our voice as you can see I am back under
the bridge right now I don't know why I
kind of like being under this place it
Kylie gives you like a little private
section we have boys right now we're
just sitting around enjoying our boys so
for now we are officially heading out of
the hotel ah yeah you know when you have
so much fun you don't want to leave like
obviously I don't even want to leave
this place anyways they have a mini
football pitch over here and somebody
left the football so let's see how good
I am at football guys you ready if I
miss it's gonna go into the restaurant
guys so let's see top corner a few
moments
later so here's the thing right now
we're on our way home but but what I
actually have to meet two or three
people today there's some very important
things separately first you see I might
be collaborating with a celebrity on a
music video
maybe it's twenty-one savage and maybe
his launderers listen she's still a
celebrity guys Oh Drake's aside right
now are heading home but I do have very
important meetings there today so yeah
just don't let you know you pitched him
in my my thing as well got a sister she
wants to be a singer too like can you
give her a chance too here's the thing
now that I'm home I actually want to do
something a little bit different for you
okay and no it has nothing to do with
the bunching bag I I don't know why I
was doing that case so ninety days ago
like three months ago me and my sister
recorded a challenge video and for some
reason I never uploaded it like it's
been with me for like over three months
now and I feel like you deserve to see
this video because it was like it was
pretty funny I caught him a lot actually
pretty cool so since I am super busy
today and I just spat since I'm super
busy today and I need to go to a lot of
meetings I feel like while I'm in those
meetings you guys can enjoy the
challenge with you so without further
ado enjoy the wet head challenge let's
go you might be wondering what is on my
sister's head right now but we're about
to do a challenge so basically if you
can see there's a bunch of sticks on her
head and this actually spins guys I
the rules of the game are I'm gonna ask
her some true or false questions if she
gets it right
nothing happens okay if she gets it
wrong on the other hand we're gonna spin
this wheel and then she has to start
pulling out some of the states if you
put out the wrong stick you get wet
what yes right how would I know it was
right wrong you don't do that bird there
do let's go yet for questions
each okay Beyonce Knowles was a member
of the Spice Girls USS R stands for the
Union of Soviet Socialist Republic both
spin the wheel sleep this one okay I
pull out one I shred this is the one you
know how lucky I am
like what's released a sports shoe
cooled the air doughnut Henry Ford was
British I think you as American gets
bored I've never seen a Henry that no
sir I'd spin the wheel spin the wheel
next session it's literally taking us
half an hour to get to the last pin guys
so right now we're gonna do sudden-death
we get one question each Shonda your
question is Cuba was a German colony
Cuba was a German colony false director
do or die in the series scrubs JD and
Turk are best friends
what scrubs scrubs watch that okay true
the heavyweight class is the supreme
discipline in boxing false I'm sorry to
say this guys we have to do this
alright guys there you go I'm not sure
if you can see yeah you're a little bit
wet at the moment anyways there you go
now you can go take your shower buddy PC
anyways as always I'm actually gonna
finish off the days of like here listen
I know I haven't blogged too much today
but trust me when I say some big things
coming up you know what just make sure
to follow my instagram mo underscore
vlogs underscore and I promise you you
won't be disappointed ok you will not be
disappointed with what I'm up to you
guys it's no honestly for the past
couple of weeks I've just kind of been I
haven't really been in the mood to do
much but just know I'm back in the mo
logs mood right now like you know that
hype the hype is back I as always I love
you guys are soo tomorrow and just stay
tuned I love you guys
yeah Lee oh no
