what are you looking at huh well you
know young everyone what is up welcome
back to another vlog so I'm really sorry
guys the way I started today's vlog was
inappropriate I'm sorry I don't know why
hey you guys know just trying to let out
some thank you anyways the thing is
today is a really really hot day guy so
I don't really know what I want to do
but we're just gonna go with the flow
and see where life takes us alright
let's go
god dammit so I actually made the worst
mistake right now I decided to leave the
house during prime time traffic look at
this BAM look it's barely moving that
literally it's barely moving and I need
to go like an hour that way like
literally uh basically my first stuff is
gonna be deals almost today so I can go
see my friend guys and then I need to
figure out what to do cuz today is just
one of those days
yo alright guys so right now I just made
it over two deals ovios and they
actually have a very very special car
over here so I have to show you okay
check this out BAM
alright guys so check it out here it is
this is the GeForce Ares design now in
case you guys are wondering what this
car is you probably have never seen it
in the world because there's only 15
ever made one 5 and basically this is
based off the G Wagon and it's
completely been redesigned so the whole
body of this car is actually carbon
fiber if you guys can see there some
exposed carbon fiber around the edges
and even the whole body like this is
actually painted on top of carbon fiber
guys so this car is an absolute beast
and as I said like you're never going to
see this on the road like ever okay so I
don't want to tell you guys too much
about this car but I need to let you
know some information so this car over
here is actually 850 horsepower zekkai
to put that into perspective
my sister's Lamborghini is 600
horsepower so this thing is got 200 more
horsepower than my sister's Lamborghini
and as I said this car is literally
custom made so whoever chooses to buy
this
everything gets customized the way they
like it in Italy okay so I'm going to
quickly take you guys inside because the
interior of this car is literally a
Maybach oh yeah guys so check out this
interior as you can see this is legit a
hand made custom interior you got the
wooden finish over here you got the TV
screens on the back this is not even a
regular car anymore this is literally
like a Maybach on a four-wheel drive car
anyways
absolutely beautiful car guys I didn't
even expect to vlog but yeah guys Wow
alright anyways for now the car is
actually heading out guys so I literally
saw it on the last couple of minutes
heels actually in the showroom so yeah
okay here are anyways for now the car is
heading out the showroom Wow look at
this tank guys oh my god wow wow wow wow
guys honestly I've never seen something
like this in my entire life me know
you're about to die guys I said I
clearly came over here to say hi to my
friend and I see this like the craziest
thing I've ever seen in my life because
honestly I've seen a lot of cars but
whenever you see something unique is
just so special and by the way I know
love your asking your how much is this
car the thing is you actually call for a
price on it because the owners can
customize it any how they want so it can
go up to like a million dollars so yeah
okay alright guys so the thing is right
now I'm actually heading out straight
from here to go see Renee basically we
were supposed to do gymnastics but I
think we might end up doing something
else so right now I'm gonna go ahead
over to our place and see what the plan
hey guys we are on our way to the cinema
we're going to watch what are we
watching
Kingsman we're watching King's Men -
basically I just made over here to
Renee's house and we were supposed to go
gymnastics but now I hate for that so
right now we're gonna go watch a movie
so see how it goes basically she took
way too long to get ready Renee's gonna
be taking over the book for you guys so
I know it's just gonna be a chill night
that's just gonna be a relaxed
you know what I mean okay guys before we
go I just want to say Renee's got the
cutest Minnie fidget spinner ever this
is a small one right yeah oh my god this
is adorable guys are you finally ready
to go guys she went and changed outfits
twice did you go upstairs hey guys
so me and Mo are having a conversation I
just feel like you guys don't know the
real mom what he puts out there on the
vlog it's not really him I mean a lot of
it is him so the other day someone asked
me from hanging out with more and and
and I said yeah it's a really nice guy
and they're like no he's thought like
have you seen his book yeah that's
exactly what I said I said it he's the
douchebag and and I thought it's not
roids because mo it's actually a really
nice guy
I know why he doesn't show the real side
of him oh I think you should be doing
some more of the nice slider up the nice
mall show that you really care he's a
caring guy and I made you say this no
why would they think that
okay why would why don't I open your
camera and say nice things about you I
just think that there's a lot more it
he's not putting on the vlog
he's a nice caring guy and he needs to
show that you fly down to one of the
camps and one of the refugees comes and
just covered that because you have such
a huge platform there how many how many
followers they have four million there
are a lot of people that you can do so
much good showing these people a lot of
good stuff yeah right
how about this I'll do it if you do with
me okay I'll do it
I'll do it anyway I I want to do it yeah
yeah I know okay so right now we just
made it
look at what's going on what facing me I
actually never knew this guy's but Rene
is actually famous and like the modeling
world so a bunch of girls just ran up to
her and they're taking photos I kind of
do over it I'm like what do I do
very like there's like four girls
they're like oh my god Rene we love you
all day no no love over here not nothing
hi so right now we just went to our
movie tickets but before we go to the
movie we came to have this really cool
drink check this out guys oh my goodness
Wow okay I don't really want to try it I
just want to look at it is it nice
okay you tell me if it's nice I'll try
it I don't like trying fancy things I
just like looking at okay it's not
offensive it is just here
why does it take this out what's the
movie come to right now a lot of
celebrities have come - basically they
even have my boy trizzie drink they have
like a whole portfolio of people my boy
Drizzy Drake was here drinking my drink
it's so awkward
lugging over here did you see the guys
look
hi guys basically for now we're gonna go
watch the movie my boy bean bags just
going here hey gang right now we're
heading into the movie this place is
like the fantasy now okay basically the
movies about to start right now so
everybody's here watching it I'll see
you at 5 yo alright guys so the movie
just finished right now we're heading
out but I wanted to show you where he
came basically this is like the VIP
section they have in the cinemas
Oh
they don't blow you they turned it off
hi guys so now that we're done with the
movies we've actually come to a really
really nice bridge this is insane look
at this I'm gonna show you Renee because
you guys like looking at her more than
me okay it's true it's true but look at
this bridge ooh wow this is insane so I
never knew about this place she taught
me it guys it's absolutely beautiful I
think they know I'm trying to whisper
guys I'm like this is so awkward like
okay so the thing is we just came here
to walk just chillin and I know there's
like another couple down there and
they're getting a bit too excited if you
know what I really guys anyways we're
gonna go back inside
such weird music oh my god is like that
movie it's scary movie with that with
that same you okay anyways boys I'm a
wrap up today's look here now that I am
a whole but before I say goodbye I
actually want to talk to you guys a
little bit so I'm not sure if you guys
can realize recently I've been super
super happy like genuinely happy now and
you guys might be wondering what what
does I even mean but honestly for the
past month and a half
although I haven't really showed me
being unhappy I haven't been in the best
mood I've kind of just been like I've
just kind of been hard to myself if that
makes sense but recently I just feel
like I'm in such a good mood and I think
it's the people around me and all you
guys I want to say like I just kind of
tried to surround myself with like a
good group of friends and big shout out
to Renee and big bad guys that we've
been hanging out with them more often
recently I just feel like they're cool
I'm really bad at giving speeches by
slowly leave you guys with one message
before I entered a slug whatever you're
doing in life right now just follow
something that makes you happy if it's
in your work if it's in your social life
if something makes you happy chase it
okay don't chase things for the wrong
reason like even me when I used to go
back to school I studied maths at
University for one year just because I
was hoping to get like a high paid job
and I realized like I was miserable
anyways I love you guys want to end up
today's look here if you did enjoyed
today's vlog make sure to smash the like
button and yeah guys don't forget to
subscribe because we're trying to get
four million subscribers by the end of
this month so let's make it happen click
here to subscribe click here to watch my
last video and as always yanli Oh No
