yo yo what is up everyone welcome back
to another vlog yeah today we're dead
we're really old so we're dead yeah good
morning what is lobster starting out
today's video in a restaurant with the
family everybody's looking at me but I
don't care because I pay my own bills so
basically today we're actually a
Moroccan restaurant having some food
with the family what's that what's that
what's up yeah let's eat and have some
fun
oh okay so the food just made it here
we're having some lamb chops Oh guys my
sisters having the same thing so right
now we just finished eating our food and
they actually have already started
putting up Christmas decorations for who
for so that's how it works I want to
expose Natalia we're eating food and she
started a full-on argument with the guys
today
Natalia and lon are gonna take over the
vlog so yeah enjoy their presents okay
if you like it
let's hit 40,000 likes
a few moments later anything else today
I actually want to let you guys know
about a game I'm playing and the reason
I'm telling you you guys can get some
free stuff on the game so the game is
good war robots as you can see it's a
6v6 multiplayer tactical game light it's
Superdog laughs you guys can see it's
got crazy graphics okay so pretty much
the reason I should tell you about this
game is number one it's super super cool
there's 50 million people that
downloaded the game and if you download
it with the bonus links in my
description they're gonna give you guys
a ton of cool bonuses okay they're gonna
give you four Punisher machine guns
100,000 silver and $100 stuff just just
get download the game with the
description guys listen to me angry the
game is crazy
the graphics are insane like you guys
are seeing the graphics on the screen
right now it looks insane basically I
just wanna let you guys know about it
because if you already play the game you
might as well use my links to start
again because you get some cool free
stuff
so yeah alright let's continue the rest
of the blog guys don't forget to
download it and let's continue heading
over to my boys Lawson's house a game
and he has a very special car in his
garage the codons egg egg era and we're
about to take you for a spin let's do
this
the URI our voice ladies and gentlemen
and the Koenigsegg Agera so here it is
boys the Koenigsegg Agera now when it
comes to the Koenigsegg honestly this
part cannot be compared to any other car
as well as being a hyper car this is a
work of art okay and I will show you why
this is such a beautiful car so first
things first the key this is the key to
opponents
the Conan psyche is actually very simple
at the back there's one button that's it
just to lock and unlock the car but I
mean just this alone look at this view
look at this view guys it's beautiful so
the key is actually the logo of the
Conan's egg now if you bring it next to
the car it's identical to the badge Wow
so as you can see boy the key is one of
the most beautiful things about this car
but right now we're gonna unlock it I
show you some more cool stuff so here
goes nothing check out how you open a
Koenigsegg door the whole car is made
from carbon fiber but are you ready to
turn on this bad boy
they open in their own style Wow just a
flick of the wrist yeah it's got blue
seats and blue is my brother's favorite
color so the coolest thing is the center
console all right come look at this I
think you need to hop it this is
different type of car Oh Mike oh my god
it looks like a spaceship so this is the
center console on a Koenigsegg as you
can see it looks like a spaceship going
on what is that
main power on the roof on this car is
actually glass but we're not here for
that
we're here to switch this bad boy on are
you ready all right let's do this guy's
all right so this is how it sounds like
from the outside when you're outside
it's just and there it goes
so here's the thing right now so right
now I'm actually gonna go for a ride in
this car this is my first ever drive in
a Koenigsegg me never before okay so as
you can see my boy rocket is driving the
car right now this is insane
you never see these cars on the road
ever so this is the special moment the
black one right that's the only one
every second so right now we just made
it onto the highway with this car every
car around us as their cameras are
recording like that's how rare it is to
see this car
I mean it's absolutely beautiful
it's just crazy when you sit inside this
car everybody's eyes are on you
we even have some ladies again I started
to say I'm just sayin
that is Kazakh power for you right there
we just made it to the valet parking oh
yeah oh you got some competition today
we're gonna make our end
so right now we're back at the christian
louboutin store and you might be
wondering why my friend doesn't like his
gift he doesn't he doesn't like his gay
guys basically listen I didn't know his
size I thought I knew and I ended up
getting him something way too big so
right now
they ran out of his size and I have to
get something else oh my gosh he wants
to get these bad boys instead it with
the diamonds on them they're expensive
when you see these yeah I had a feeling
you'd like these my goddaughter
you know I saw these and I was like you
might like these actually work oh my God
look at that my boy is looking sexy
right now
so here is this is the shoe were
changing it to guys down look at the
diamonds honestly if the shine on this
is so cool
I've way so there they are
hi so we literally only came over here
to quickly get the shoes boys and right
now we're heading out to go have some
dessert but honestly the co2 tank is
beautiful like look they push sticker on
it saying don't touch I love it it's so
funny would they do that for the
expensive cars guys look at this oh it's
eyes you can see right over here it says
look but police don't touch
we lost my loving sister all right Hank
you know
as you can see we're at the petrol
station right now but this bad boy has
stolen the show Oh
a few moments later right now I just I
know what's wrong with my money gun but
it just does not work properly now
honestly this is garbage this is why you
don't buy fake stuff again I went online
I bought these and they just they don't
worry it doesn't worry anyways end of
todays video here if you have enjoyed
make sure to smash that like button
subscribe if you're new around here and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
by the way that Koenigsegg was amazing
I'm not sure how excited you guys were
to see that car but oh I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow oh yeah don't
forget yeah leo
