yo everyone good morning and welcome to
another vlog how are you doing so you
might be wondering where I'm starting
out today's video I'm actually out one
of my friends farms which you've never
seen before
I check this out Shh look over here so
in my friend's house there is a turtle
anyway today we're actually gonna be
doing some June buggying so you come
over to my friends house they have a ton
of animals here which I'm gonna show you
later on but for now we're gonna go and
write some buggies these are all of the
dune buggies over here but even cooler
they have parrots that can talk hello I
swear they say something but I don't
know what they're saying that's the
problem
oh okay that's number one when you're
going into the desert you need your
balaclava guys so yeah
there we go and see me can't see
so the first stop we actually came over
to is the petrol station all the buggies
needed some petrol we're actually
creating checking the tire pressure on
our buggy just to make sure it's a gay
doll these buggies are quick okay like
guys the first five minutes are in the
bug you were just going around and like
I was just scared that my GoPro is gonna
fly off the car like that's how fast it
goes so right now are quickly pumping
the tires up the thing is when you want
to go into the desert your tires have to
be a little bit deflated because that
way you won't get stuck in the desert
but I think ours were way too deflated
if you know what I mean we're going 10
psi today okay okay is that like the
normal desert standard you can go lower
but 10 is good enough for the size of
tire
oh my god right now we're in the desert
this thing is quick this thing is super
quick I thought it would love for you
guys just because I'm scared to hold my
camera Oh
holy moly I voice oh right now he
quickly took a pit stop from bugging for
a second we came over to this garage and
over here is where they chewed a bunch
of the buggy so they make them super
powerful but look at some of the buggies
they have over here this is insane oh oh
yeah this is a dino in case you don't
know and you test out how fast these bad
boys can go like it spins and then I
think you guys know what this does
alright anyways right now we're about to
head straight back out with the buggies
let's go okay so right now you couldn't
be stopped by this group market they
have check this place out it's super
super dope and they gave us a mango
oh my god Oh all right guys so right now
we're in the middle of the desert
I'm not sure if you saw that but the car
in front of us just completely covered
us in sign
hi guys so as you can see right now you
stopped all of the buggies in this area
we're just relaxing chillin over here
honesty the thing is this mountain is
insane
so as you slowly keep going up and down
the mountain it's crazy
rear guys all of the buggies are just
parked out here right now we're just
chillin honestly having some like drinks
and stuff and just watching each other
go up but the two buggies that came lost
the green of blue one
those are insanely powerful so this over
here this buggy over here is crazy so
right now I'm actually gonna go for a
ride at this bad boy so let's do this
actually jump in
once here there's no going
you just have to sit I what is that like
a escape mechanism like
press something right now I'm in the
Beast
honestly when you're in these things
like is the life-or-death situation here
guys nothing engine oh we are about to
go right now wish me luck
oh my god
polyphony that was it's a no on the last
one light I felt air just pushed into my
nose I don't know what I've logged out
guys if the camera was all over the
place this thing is boss it's not my
fault my hands were just shaking that
Sony probably I am going to get out now
while I'm still alive now that we're
done with that right guys look the crazy
thing about these things the steering
wheel even comes off and it has my name
Momo
okay this train you can hear it from the
outside listen to this
oh my god this is what you caught a
beast right and the thing is the green
one over there is even more powerful so
a few moments later okay all right so
now that we're done with the desert
actually quickly come to have some ice
cream so we're not having any ice cream
we're having ice cream roll here it goes
boys time to make some ice cream this is
the special mixture oh my goodness guys
check it out alright so there you go
that is the ice cream rolls guys look at
that by the way I just met two really
awesome fans I want to be in the
Bloodless you guys good gang game
high-five thank you so much and they're
all three of them are brothers so shout
out to all of them
and as you can see this is like 850
horsepower by the way
whoa well our voice oh we are finally
back into the parking just parked up but
right now we're actually entering the
house over here it's actually like empty
and it's super super dark so right now
we're gonna go enter it for ourselves
and see how it is oh my god oh my god
this is legit scary so the thing is
they're actually rebuilding this area
over here I'm not sure how much you can
see but this is normally the dining area
yes yeah that's good let's go guys
Oh crazy we're driving home right now
and we just saw the craziest thing ever
this year that was awesome
our voice so we finally made it home
right now after a crazy day
honestly that was so much fun you guys
don't even know I ought to see let me
tell you something when it comes to
these desert vlogs I feel like the video
and the reality just don't match up like
when you video in the desert it just
doesn't come out as fun as it is like
you just you can't match the experience
alright anyways now that I'm home boys I
want to quickly take a shower because
today is my friend rush it's birthday so
we have like a little surprise birthday
going on for him so let's go let's have
some fun and yeah I'm gonna create a
take a shower to get all the sand out my
hair and it's about to get more lit on
the blog you hear our voice so we're
finally ready as you can see Lana has
her dress on I have my t-shirt on
basically we're actually going to a
really fancy lounge for this birthday
it's at the top of the Burj Khalifa the
tallest building in the world so let's
head out we're actually kind of late
right now guys so let's get this party
poppin dead dead dead dead a highboy so
right now we're here at the armani hotel
this is my Floyd Mayweather was the see
Floyd Mayweather we made it now huh he
made it Floyd you made it
hi boys so right now we just finished up
with the birthday it was lit it was
amazing I know I didn't record too much
guys but listen the birthday was that
like a fancy restaurant there was fancy
people around happy birthday to my boy
wash up guys it was his birthday guys he
just turned 57 it means 22 he turned 24
years old
yeah that's pretty much the birthday boy
listen birthdays are just so fun guys I
don't know why sometimes getting old can
be a cool thing yeah anyways I'm gonna
end of today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed once again happy birthday to my
boy ah shit we had a lot of fun guys you
know what I feel like doing this let's
have an emotional set of clips where me
and him are together guys here is a
happy birthday montage
but yeah as always I'm gonna end up
today's vlog here so if you have enjoyed
smash the like button subscribe down
below do all of that good stuff and I'll
see you tomorrow
so I'll see you guys and as always Yolo
Yolo
