oh damn look at that one it just went
flying over it yeah everyone what is
that welcome to another vlog today we
are about to get lit again so last time
we did a paintballing video you guys
absolutely loved it so today we're gonna
be doing round two but my sister is
gonna be the one shooting this time I'm
gonna be standing against the wall like
this and my sister is going to try and
draw an outline of me using the
paintball gun oh my god but here's the
forfeit if she hits me accidentally she
goes in my place so guys it's about to
go down I'm practicing give me the gun
Deauville practice ooh mommy you hit me
you go my spot all right
all right here goes nothing Lana's gonna
be shooting if she hits me she takes my
spot
it's on the floor on the right side
why are you sweetie
no you know it actually like it hurts
even the recoil but I swear I was so
scared doing this you know the recoil
actually hurt no way
the recoil was like stinging me I think
we should do your turn no no no no no no
I'm done I'm done
oh come on no you don't know how to aim
properly no no no no that is the first
challenge of the day let me know what
you want to see next
you're lucky we were you close because
if you weren't close that doesn't go you
it was close look look look at mommy's
body
that's not a human all right so the
thing is we actually have a ton of
things we need to do today so let's
continue the rest of the day nobody
needs to get hurt
no YouTube don't even try and tell me
this is a district nobody was hurt okay
guys last time my video got a dress fit
because apparently I was abusing my
sister
here's the moment of truth doesn't clean
off the Warner imagine permanently yeah
it's coming up I know right its water
soluble paint guys listen
thumbs up this video if you want law not
to take my spot 60,000 I nothing you
guys get my Everage yeah alright let's
go you ain't real your school if you
like this video if you like this you're
not Lolo Scott anymore spirit thank you
nobody's gonna squat
Louis Louis Scott has been extinct for
years right anyways right now we're
actually heading out the house boys it's
actually my friend's birthday tomorrow
so we need to go buy a gift I guess what
the gift is Jesus red bottoms deep
guys basically my friend loves Christian
Louboutins those are the shoes of those
red-bottom she has most of them done
another all right is right now I'm quiz
you gonna go change up so we can head
out let's go there you go
downwards the challenge listen I've seen
people do this type of stuff online but
doing it in person is all whole another
story
alright anyways right now I'm gonna quit
me change up so yeah don't shoot me well
I suppose if I see you I'll speak we
just made it to the store right now he
just made it over to the Louboutin store
and this is what we get
nice like if we're taking a little go
for gamble okay my friend North likes
the ones that have like diamonds and
crystals on them but he has most of them
so we're just gonna get this so if
you're watching this and don't like this
just shaking shoes ever oh my god that's
what you call bling I would get it this
but I don't think he's that type of guy
no you wear that so here's the problem
my friend has like every pair of tongs
so we have to find him something that he
doesn't have but that you would still
like okay yeah let's go
we gonna guess the prices okay guess how
much this is ten thousand nine no I
don't know what to you oh my god are you
see for 2050
I got
oh my god literally just came to buy
these shoes that we're heading out roads
car is here no drivers in the car
looking at me here they go boys the Nuba
tune this get you like a white just
these shoes came to another mold and the
reason is we're gonna go to the
louboutin store over here to see if they
have anything different so we just made
it over to the other louboutin store
this is the coolest thing ever
look at the chandelier so guys I wanted
to get these but the other score didn't
have them but look at this it's the
color-changing Louboutins nice so here
it is
tada will you manage to find the size
you know I have a feeling he has these
okay so ah there you go boy so there you
go that is the official gift
as you can see yeah that's that she
could let's write his name oh my god you
actually believe that is really
customized shoot
why don't you write Lulu guys we have a
nickname for a friend his name is Lulu
so we're gonna write it on the shoe oh
yeah custom Louboutins
I like that I like that
so right now we just finished up with
everything we are on our way home I
think it's been a really long time since
we've done carpool karaoke yeah we gonna
do it yeah what's going on this song is
about
version of that song nice that was a
fake person yeah we are officially home
right now and there is kitchens on the
road again
every time we come home they're sitting
in the middle of the road and they're
eventually gonna get hit by a car if
they continued my sister always goes and
moves them no get out of the road get
out of the road kidding she's trying to
convince the cat to cross the street
nope not having it
so now that we're home it's time to
unbox the gift the Christian Louboutin
here it is okay so let's do no unboxing
for you guys I've never seen how this is
so we have the gift receipt over here oh
this is where the birthday card is all
right then we have the pouches that you
can store your shoes is right there a
soft guys as you can see we've actually
written Lulu on this
oh oh okay so we actually found the
coolest thing ever when it comes to
these shoes now if you guys don't know
Louboutins are famous for this stud
design they have Akane and we just found
they give you spare studs they give you
extra stunts no it's kind of cheap to
1e5 for every 1000 you spend they give
you an extra crystals boys I'm gonna end
up today's look here if you can't
already tell by my voice I'm still super
sick so I just want you guys to bear
with me while I get through my sickness
listen my nose and my throat and
everything is so clogged up but don't
forget I love you guys so just stay by
my side Matt's stay by my side while I'm
down as always don't forget I'm doing a
giveaway what are we giving away yeah
thanks for staying up to date with the
vlogs I don't know you don't know you
don't know what did I get for free the
other day called no that's done we
announced the winner
they gave me a camera you did it oh I
was like three weeks ago bro that's a
long time ago so basically we're giving
away a vlog camera an iPhone and to win
you need to follow the right camera in
the comment section god damn it you're
so bad guys just subscribe comment down
below and that's it alright alright
listen my sister doesn't watch my vlogs
guys you just saw it right there she
watches the PAR she's in it okay
alright I love you guys I'll see you all
tomorrow click here to subscribe click
to watch my last video and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yah oh yah oh boy
