good morning good morning
we need the cat for booze good morning
welcome back to another video so it's
finally happening today after about
three months we're checking the PIO box
today let's see what we go in the fan
mail it's been forever since we've
collected it so I hope we have a lot of
stuff guys oh by the way they're
building a house next to our house so oh
my god that is so loud there is five
people on top of that house building it
god damn airplane admission on
oh yeah
Oh
I can't
we just made it to the post office right
now I'm gonna check for my mail let's go
see all right let's see what we got Oh
Oh is anything in there hey is this ours
no no no this is only for sending
matters okay no no so I'm actually
really hoping we get a bunch of stuff
here goes nothing we got something okay
what is that guys I think this is a book
Oh what do we have over here a gift for
you is it a book it's a book I don't
read books thank you for the book but
like I don't know how to read all right
so now it's time to go and get the
packages guys so let's go basically they
don't put the big boxes in here cuz
obviously it won't fit in like a little
square so let's go we got to so
hopefully they're two big ones all right
there you go that is our fan no guys two
boxes yeah yo all right boy so right now
he just made it back from the post
office but we're gonna try out something
a little bit different we're gonna put
the vlog camera on my RC car it's time
to go RC going oh my god is wild here it
goes nothin boys we're gonna set it tape
the camera down are you ready Lana here
goes nothin Lana vs. RC car run
okay so that was round one yo the camera
broke yeah it actually broke well we're
gonna go round two but this time I think
instead of putting a heavy camera on
this poor guy we're gonna put a GoPro I
so right now he strapped the GoPro on
with a lot of sellotape so here goes
nothing are you ready are you ready to
run I'm gonna make you hit you so run
fast bro
okay what's happening right now there
you go that was the RC car versus human
and cat it even chased the help of these
Evo's right yo okey so right now the two
baby kittens came into our house and
this little kin wants to attack or
cat-like he's okay he's calm now thank
you
Oh what I don't know how to control this
he's getting upset because she wants to
attack him for no reason and I don't
understand this like how are you Oh guys
these kids are adorable ah I was a good
kid in this guy is the problem did you
see how he came to attack bubbles I feel
like he doesn't understand he's a baby I
say exactly he was thinking that bubbles
is the same size as bubbles are you okay
I feel like bubbles is sad now oh that
was a girl that was a girl yes a girl a
kitten girl beating up on a big boy he
was scared okay so today I'm gonna teach
you guys a really cool they have poured
their drinks into a cup so I'm gonna put
my cup in between my legs so it's really
easy you just take your drink okay
according to these guys when you open it
up be very very gentle so
nobody okay a few moments later all
right it's time to open some off your
fan though guys it's my car yeah yeah
what if something was alive in there I
don't need anything alive in my packages
oh my god somebody sent me an old school
Ford Mustang are you kidding me hi my
name is Brandon I wanted to know if you
could sign my car and return it okay
Brandon I'll do a 50/50 deal with you
I'll sign the car but I'll keep it with
us step 2 if I ever see you then I'm
gonna give it all right guys we got a
package for loto
package I hate when people open packages
come on let's do this let me read the
letter never eat alone
you should be nice private dear Laura I
hope you enjoy
no gift you have the most amazing smile
I've ever seen and you are incredibly
beautiful don't you do that they don't
want you to be army I hope that you're
very happy with whoever you choose to
share and live your life with and that
you're treated with love and respect
please don't hope of anything because my
sister got a Tiffany box this is
expensive jewelry oh my god
Tiffany oh I'd never buy this for you
okay guys I bet you it's a pray here is
no this is actually heavy if it's gold
oh my god here it is this is gold
oh wow oh my gosh oh thank you so much
Birkin this is gorgeous
I can't believe you just did that for me
this is too much like Burke and shout
out to you because I would never bother
sister something like this stop being so
negative mommy what is what is Tiffany's
ago
oh my god oh my god look at the flick of
the wrist now it's time for the final
one I'm opening it up I this is the last
box we're opening guys okay wait what is
that do not open it
ah okay it's not a letter it's a
certificate no you see it's one of those
love guys okay I think we each got one
away okay so we've actually got
something like this before
these are love certificates okay so this
is Ladas la de ros just got an angel
affairs commission it's an award that
Lauda's an angel okay so says Laura Rose
has been flapping her angel wings
causing a butterfly effect that is
sending waves of love and understanding
to be spread across the world
congratulations Lana you win the angels
first class
so wait why didn't I get first class
mine just says congratulations so
basically all of us got an angel award
guys so thank you to whoever distributes
these you know how'd you get an angel of
word like no is this a thing that I
don't know about thank you so much for
the angel Awards I appreciate it box
number one
we have Lana
oh that is a wing my sister got a golden
angel wing ah
okay so MA oh oh my run got an angel
wing pendant alright so thank you so so
much to biess 302 commissioner thank you
for all of the awards we appreciate it
so yeah that is what we going to find
out today you are amazing thank you I
think a rapper you go dude you don't
know what I'm saying right now cuz this
is gonna be muted yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm like a professional rapper you don't
know what's happening behind you
yo what's happening in your closet
outside oh my god don't do that yeah
yeah yeah
wait it's coming it's guy you must think
that I'm human you must think that I
care you must think that I have feelings
hey yo yo yo yo yo yo right now we are
recording our third debut single guys so
we are back inside the studio as you can
see my sister's wardrobe but yeah now we
have a letter for the the things yeah so
we are back in the studio we're
recording our third songs so we're gonna
show you behind the scenes are you ready
you must like dawn I'm human you must
think that I'm human
oh this is behind the scenes of making a
song you need to write down your news
our new community board warrior I did
not write down the lyrics I just sang it
how did that turn out people actually
like keeper more a lot like I did get a
couple of good reviews on it why do you
want it to be piano or do you want it to
be a guitar bro yeah I found it the
perfect one for you the most ain't that
I'm human ready yeah okay
you must care that the end you realize
you're just an ugly pair maybe this is
not the beat for you this is not me I
think this is the more like a gurney
beat I just behind the scenes of making
a song let's go you're just an ugly pear
pear right like pear pear like the fruit
pack like you're an ugly fruit shot I
told my vegans out there watching
I love parents but like that's the only
rhyming word I could find it I think
this is a good beat you have a good
solid lead
alright so here goes nothing behind the
scenes estate let's record my voice I
feel like I've got a good voice while
I'm sick I think I sing better
to all of my haters stay in the comments
I'm done with my part so my sister can
come in take it over Lana it's your turn
now let's play for them under the
staircase welcomes oh my god it's way
too bad turnovers yeah that was just
awesome messing around but that is how
you make a song guys I'll let you guys
know how it goes in like an hour of us
write down some serious lyrics oh okay
right now I've been trying to record
some music my sister actually had
another idea we should make a song like
who Jang man who's Jo Malone
jo alone okay can you correct his name
before he unsubscribes he's not he
subscribe I don't know but he might be
and he's definitely not gonna be after
he sees you say is there Juba Lord who
do you know who John below this guy's I
love this guy but I'm sorry if I his
name is post Malone me why did he get
children sorry John
oh hey hey our voice Oh about two hours
later me and my sister I've been making
the beat to the song it's actually
turning out pretty good obviously you
guys are not gonna take my word for it
because of our reputation with songs but
trust me this song is gonna be better so
yeah right now we're trying to make the
song mix and match it but yeah that's
been us working on our new song stay
tuned because I feel like it's gonna be
a banger and it is for now I'm gonna go
downstairs get snack because I'm a
hungry making music makes you hungry bro
you want me to be email me that meat bro
hundred dollars that's what I'll pay for
it $100 beeper
