good morning what is up how are you all
doing today welcome back to a doctor Wow
okay so the star of today's video me and
my mom are actually gonna open two of
your packages that you said so let's get
straight into it
what do we have over here - mr. Lu blogs
mr. blood being a regular view of your
blog's I wanted to send you some of my
stuff I am a garment manufacturer oh oh
yeah it fits thank you so much for
sending this in and the second one
bigger for me
boom what is this anyways big thank you
for sending in these t-shirts that is
awesome so it's really hot by the way so
I cannot wear that now it's time for
packet number DOS oh my god where did
you guys find this photo this was me
when I used to do bodybuilding so
somebody went and edited my face on a
bodybuilding photo and sent it to me
oh I look amazing I think all the girls
in the comment section are going crazy
right now they're like oh my
you look so amazing alright anyways
let's continue the rest of the day and
let's have some fun I know exactly where
this is going to go guys oh yeah it's
going on the mo vlogs Wall of Fame I
feel like it needs to be like somewhere
in the middle of attention there we go
oh yeah oh yeah there we go
oh boy so right now I'm just about to
head out the house but look what I just
found I found one of my fidget spinners
and the cool thing is when you put it
next to the wheel it looks like the car
is moving literally just about to head
out my street has become a zoo I'm not
joking
no no no I can't move move move move
there's a bus there's a bus there was a
bus and the cat was not moving mommy did
you see that that's my line I do wanna
thank you he doesn't move from the bus
what are you doing anyways what I was
trying to show you before that happened
there's actually a rabbit there and some
kids so we had like all zoo going on
the rabbit and the Kin are next to each
other oh my god okay so I'm actually
gonna prank call my sister saying the
cat got hit by a bus because she has
been freaking out for the past week
because this cats always on the road
yoyoyo can you quickly come downstairs
one of the cats
I think her tail has been run over by
like a car the kitten you know the kid
yeah I know one of its tails but it's
still alive come come come come come
guys the cat's been attacked
well you know but let me tell you
something I swear I saved her she was
about to get run over I'll show you the
footage right now a bus is about to come
hit her right next to her why have the
video you see she doesn't move out the
way when you told me this I was shaking
because I told mom today I want to bring
her inside and take we're gonna adopt
these two and bring them part of the
family and the moment you told me is I
was like that's it it's too late okay
anyways right now I'm heading up the
house as you can see we might be
adopting two new kittens into our house
the thing is guys honestly they're just
really dumb and I feel like they're
gonna get hit by a car so that is why we
want to take them in because otherwise I
have no interest in getting more cats
like it's just already too many a few
moments later yo our voice so right now
I quickly came over to the mold because
I'm trying to show up around for some
cool stuff I'm actually one of my
friends who's behind the camera say hi
you'll see her very soon but for now
you're just gonna hear her jump in it of
course
Freddie you have to like bounce up and
down public stories you look like you're
making the beds so before I head out
here they have the craziest thing I've
ever seen it's a fidget spinner phone
that is pretty insane so if you can see
that it's got like its own little mini
keypad and screen but at the same time
BAM
it's a fidget spinner oh my god my man
over here is doing something dodgy look
at this what he has a bag full of cash
Bridget are you ready to see what I
wanna talk no this is I go on the
coolest things ever and you're not gonna
believe me again are you ready to see
what I got of Fiji spinner phone no wait
where did this come from
a fidget spinner this is awake yes come
check this is probably a coolest thing
I've seen so far actually cost me a
hundred and fifty it's good they had
pink but yeah my my friend said get gold
I wanted pink if you're watching this
you know who you are
check it out
under here look at that look at that I
don't know why is there two SIM card
slots
okay so right now I create went ahead
and charged the phone up it's time to
turn it on are you ready thanks it works
ready
you put a sim card in it yeah
No oh yeah it's on wait these are
switches on that's the ringtone that's
the rate job so you can see that little
small screen it's legit okay I'm gonna
try and focus it for you guys look it's
got a menu you can actually set an alarm
on this phone to just turning it on and
off makes me happy look at it okay so we
managed to put a working SIM card in the
phone here goes nothing I'm about to
dine a number okay so here you go
No all right so right now my sister's
actually gonna cool this phone so we can
see what the ringtone sounds like
alright let's do this
what I've never seen a phone this cool
in my life yo this is literally the
coolest phone I've ever seen in my life
guys as you can see it even has contacts
and a menu guys so not bad at all so
there you go that is the fidgets spinner
phone honestly it's really really cool
is it worth it I don't think it's quite
practical because I have no idea how to
use it except for my making calls
everything else is a no-no like no media
no photos just it's a brick it's
literally a frigid winter break guys
look at it
imagine you wanted to see crazy sweet
yeah I know that's the worst part if you
want to switch off your phone without
anybody realizing your do like this news
you know let everybody know what is
switching on and off well yeah there you
go that is my brand new phone let me
know do you guys think it's worth a
hundred and twenty or whatever I paid
for it I don't know I should do it give
Williams give away yeah you guys wanna
finish me the phone another one give
away okay so the thing is I actually
went on a mini shopping spree today and
I want to show you the last thing I
bought I bought myself a really cool
jumper are you ready check yourself that
is so cool oh my gosh you actually made
a design like that oh my god oh my god
oh my god that is so cool when it keeps
changing I bought super dope I think it
looks amazing
today thank you so as always I'm gonna
end up today's vlog here honestly I
don't even want to talk too much more
just because of how much my throat hurts
today I've just been trying to push
through this love for you guys you see
no pain no gain no pain no gain
yeah as always I love you guys so so
much if you haven't already subscribed
you're new around here I'm doing two
giveaways and iPhone and a blog camera
so if you guys wanna win any of those
subscribe and comment on any of my
videos this month there as always I love
you guys will all see you tomorrow for
another epic blog and don't forget ya
leiana
