shh-shh we're undercover we're
undercover you're such a dumb cat you're
blowing our cover
yo yo everyone what is up won't come
back to another video so I'm whispering
in today's video cuz I'm stuck in a
sticky situation alright right now I'm
trying to take down one of our worst
enemies check it out that over there is
my mum's silver plate and I feel like
it's time for it to die yeah now the
thing is I want to see how powerful this
gun is because honestly I don't even
know if it can even break anything so
today imma test his gun out versus a
plate yeah
it's not breaking are you kidding me not
even one scratch listen there's only one
other way
Logan pole style now that's how you
destroy a blade all right well good
morning everyone I hope you're having an
amazing day let's continue and have some
more fun okay boys I never got to
appropriately say what is up to you on
today's blog so oh so I'm pretty sure
most of you watching this video right
now are probably back in school right
now so congratulations you played
yourself
anyways all jokes aside I just want to
say good luck everybody I hope you're
having a good start to your school year
since it is the start of the school year
guys I kind of want to just pretend like
I'm going to school today
so right now I'm gonna have some cereal
guys Bowl this is some cereal that my
friend got me from America and I have no
idea how it tastes so today oh boy okay
I know this might sound a little bit
weird but this is extremely like dark
I'm not trying to be racist or anything
it just looks really dark for cereal
guys oh my goodness
okay here we go you got some fresh milk
let's try this bad boy out oh yeah here
goes nothing this is so hard
we're just so I thought make up my mind
like it's kind of just like it's okay
you know what it actually does taste
alright guys but I don't know if I like
it like it or like it if that makes any
sense
anyways boys today was actually the
first day of school here in Dubai I'm
pretty sure the rest of the world has
already started
I think everybody started by now so yeah
as I said today I kind of just wanted to
wear a backpack to feel like Anna to
feel like I'm getting an education but
you guys know I never got an education I
just want to say guys make sure you stay
focused in school because I know a lot
of your parents watch my blogs as well
and they always complain so listen if
you're going to school right now pay
attention now your parents are
threatening me to say this so just do it
okay just do your homework I got a lot
of enemies that used to be my friends
before any of you comment anything yes
I'm wearing the fake watch I bought
right now so yep it's fake don't even
try me
just in case you guys don't already know
make sure to go and subscribe to my new
channel the link is in the description
I'm actually gonna be uploading some
cool stuff on there this week so stay
tuned guys more vlogs music yeah I think
you guys want to subscribe right now cuz
you don't want to miss what's coming up
on there just know it's about to be fire
bye boy so you already know what time it
is it's about time I had my beard shaped
up so I'll see you guys in a bit
our boys as you can see I just had my
beard shaped up yo okay so right now we
just made it to the family what's up
okay basically my sister was just on a
shopping spree right now she bought the
new Rihanna Thank You diagram basically
Rihanna released some new makeup and
she's ripping everybody off I love you
anyways as you can see right now we're
in the toy store and they're about to do
some magic for us okay are you ready
thank you baby what's happening right
now see stuff anyway like okay we're
gonna stop anywhere we lights I want to
do it again I get put in your bag are
you cheating and I'm gonna spread the
part like this I want you to think of a
card this in this pile okay choose and
only in your mind okay I'm thinking and
like I said
okay done okay watch think okay card to
pay what I'm going to do watch cartoon
you to card will travel from here going
to file today tell me if you see a car
so that when do I tell you when you
sense is the card disappear can you take
where's my card where is my card
spread it your car trouble from there
okay fine fine it's that okay you see it
I don't get you did some voodoo voodoo
magic yeah I got another trick another
trick
another one I'm the magician exposure
magician busted I'm magician buster you
know you're bothered you like my watch
how much is it worth $3,000 that's it
Wow
wait I don't even know what's going on
what what you where's the cord going is
in your hand
I'm done yo my man high five you are the
boss it's magic you're just an idiot the
guy was taking him behind you you were
standing and you thinking from my magic
oh well there you go today we just
exposed a magic trick yeah so much the
cells that she's about to get laid
it's actually been a while since I've
had some pizzas oh oh my god what no
that's not carbon fiber girl okay but it
looks nice looks like a new version of
carbon fiber there's a team it says team
smell racing team oh we got a racer on
our hands okay that pizza was way too
much anyways boys the thing is right now
I'm actually heading off home so yeah
it's actually really hot today and the
humidity is a boiling so let's go
yaaaay guys so now that we're home I
actually got a gift while we were out
but apparently it's for Lana so I'm
gonna open it but she's gonna be seeing
it behind the camera okay so we need
both cool response Wow he's nothing like
ego whoo all right guys here goes
nothing ready you ready three two don't
give up on the back oh oh my gosh mom I
wanted to frame my newspaper and they
did it
shout out to Deepak thank you so much
yeah I swear yeah you know it's so weird
how people like read your mind yeah I
was looking at my magazine yesterday and
I was like I wish I framed it and it
just came true all right well there you
go
yeah what's wrong with you guys my
sister thinks she's famous
start from the bottom now we're here it
doesn't go anywhere like I don't do
nothing in life at least I can look back
on this and
you know what this is the peak of my
career now it's just downhill anyways I
just want to say I hope you guys enjoyed
us while we were kind of somewhere in
life if we're watching this like five
years down the line at this very moment
we were kinda like famous next I know
I'm gonna be tomorrow tomorrow I'm gonna
be on the toilet taking a dump at two
o'clock I planned this stuff at a time
disgusting it's good my my daily dump
appointment you guys by the way I write
down every day what time I take a poop
what just in case I need to see if it's
a regular pattern more guys listen if
you don't know the more you poop the
more health anymore you might prove your
brains out you might actually die of
pooping too much that's also in the
diary
that's called constipation I meant
Auntie constipation dr. moe
in action guys hit me up in the DM oh
boy so I'm actually gonna end of today's
vlog right here but before I do I
actually want to torch you guys on a
little bit of a deep level okay and I
know a lot of you don't really find
these heart-to-hearts that interesting
but I feel like that's what makes us
like have a human connection you know so
basically guys I don't really know why
this was on my mind today but I just
felt like really talking about it now
you guys know I've been doing YouTube
for a while okay and whenever anything
has to do with YouTube there's always
money above youtube money how much are
you making Adsense and stuff like that
and I'm not even gonna talk about that
that's not even what I'm here to talk
about but honestly I just want to say
like a lot of people always just
question like yo how much are you making
of YouTube is YouTube good enough to
make a living on it
and I always like in my head is the same
answer it was never about the money
okay and I'm not saying this to like
defend myself in any way I don't even
think I've ever got attacked for being
like money-hungry or anything but the
reason I'm saying this is like I think
99% of youtubers can relate with me like
I think most people that actually became
big on YouTube do it just because they
enjoy it but honestly I just wanted to
say that because that was kind of my
mind today I just sometimes feel like
sharing random things in my head
so yeah I'm so saved for the people out
there that always asked me when I meet
them in public like you why do you do
YouTube or is it good and money and
stuff like that it just kind of annoys
me because it's never about the money
okay like it's honestly never about the
money and don't get me wrong I am a very
like money minded person as well I
always make sure like listen you need to
like save money or invest and everybody
needs an earning okay but I just feel
like too many people when it comes to
like the whole YouTube bubble everybody
wants in just because like there could
be money to make you know I I feel like
that she's all wrong if you're in it for
the money as cliche as it sounds do it
because you love it son as always I love
you guys so so much if you did enjoyed
today's video smash the like button
tomorrow's gonna be a very interesting
day I'm actually going to school yes
school in the Lamborghini guys so steak
shoot for what yeah it's happening it's
happening here alright anyways I love
you guys all I'll see you guys tomorrow
for another epic blog and as always yah
yah know
