we want to see who knows Rene better
even with me I'm not worn more luck than
brains
wanna see it's time to announce the
giveaway winner they needed a moment of
silence mega we made hey what is up
everyone welcome back to another video
how are you doing here's the thing today
I'm actually giving back the Ferrari you
guys basically as you saw for the past
couple of days I've been test driving
the car it's been amazing but today I'm
actually gonna go drop it off and I
think I'm gonna take the McLaren instead
for a test drive so as I said I'm still
trying out all of the cars but today
we're officially saying goodbye to this
bad boy and yeah it's been a good little
journey with it for now I'll see you on
the other side when we have the McLaren
let's go okay so I just came to deals on
wheels and my boy marijuana randomly
shows up bro I just did this whole vodka
laughs and you know subscribers going
other views going up so I got some extra
- Vince I'm thinking about getting a new
car
watch guys he is buying a new Ferrari
off the back of the vlog collabora so
I'm thinking so I'm thinking I'm
thinking red Red's my color
you know I got red on the phone so I'm
thinking maybe I get a red car they
tried to convince me to buy this orange
Lamborghini no no and they said used to
be pink is that true listen they tried
to make him buy my old Lambo forbidden
if you're a vlogger you're not allowed
to buy my car it's like it's a rule of
thumb it's like dating your friends a
girlfriend it's weird it's exactly like
that the thing is we're supposed to play
football today I'm also supposed to pick
up a McLaren but I don't see it so I
haven't seen one it's a black McLaren
but I don't know where it is we're gonna
find Muhammad the owner Mommy's where
you are
where's my McLaren love it hey guys you
found Muhammad owner I wasn't crying um
oh I got some bad news for you we had a
client we just walked into the showroom
but yes unfortunately card
nandu then I've kept this one reserved
for you okay gonna gon play soccer after
soccer I'm gonna drop you then you're
gonna get the gun okay that sounds like
a plan guys last time I came the car one
dude he was like sold and he was dead
serious it's gone survey SHINee we're
gonna play football tonight guys and
then I'm picking up the McLaren but I
kind of like this guy's look at this m4
GTS competition package
it's in my heart broke okay our boy so
for now we're saying goodbye to the
Ferrari so goodbye anything goodbye to
your car yeah well you might be getting
that car is it weird like you saying
goodbye this well I say goodbye to my
friends every day and I see them again
he says hi so we just made it over to
the football pitch and look gorgeous
rolled up my boy roar should just pulled
up in the Cadillac oh look who we have
one of those oh my goodness no there I
should leave a tonsil you can't even say
anything
it's the Louboutin sandals gross yeah
you know what there okay there okay so
here's a big problem we have every time
you play football
nobody stretches and we all get injured
every single time so today we're gonna
get flexible wait wait is this my room
Oh
who had this is this yours this is your
company I swear this is not planned we
just found a magazine of my face on it
yeah definitely not plan that was oh you
got my magazine oh you're on it yeah we
were co-hosting with Anna Jacob yeah
what about it
TV show with her for like two years I
feel like you're lying to me no I swear
it's your story
I'm an Oscar YouTube that you can find
it was awhile ago
we definitely showed together for like
two years well now I took over your spot
if you moments later
okay okay so now that you finished
playing football we're gonna place a
little crossbar challenge okay let's do
this my you ready basically last time
the winner got a car and I won yeah this
time it's double or nothing
all right so guys if I hit the crossbar
again I don't get the Mini Cooper I get
to keep the McLaren
okay I'll let you go first cuz if you
miss then it's all on me can he save his
Mini Cooper okay Mini Cooper is still
not saved so this is for McLaren if he
misses he pays cash for are you really
giving him the car this time or are you
messing with it again no I gave me a lot
of money
double or nothing no I I need to give me
five shot dollars no congratulations
you're the owner a proud owner of a Mini
Cooper okay you know what I'm gonna do a
shout-out give away more vlogs shout-out
give away how about that I'm gonna give
it right away my own shoutout absolutely
so we're gonna do a giveaway just follow
Meals on Wheels you a you alright so
right now I just came to pick up the
McLaren now correct me if I'm wrong I
have never driven a McLaren in my life
and I just realized that now so that is
actually a pretty insane thing to think
about I'm driving a McLaren for the
first time ever here goes nothing time
to switch this bad boy on it ah oh my
god
let's go so the first thing I'm doing
I'm actually gonna take the roof
straight off because you know how much I
love your verbal so let's see how this
bad boy looks with no response
my god I think I think I'm in love
the roof is off alright here goes
nothing
let's drive this bad boy out the right
now driving the McLaren open and this
car has changed my mind driving this car
it's quick so this is my first time ever
driving a McLaren and now I know what
the height is about it just feels so
nice
Oh
oh so my brother just made at home okay
so as you can see we're finally home in
the McLaren the thing is you can't see
much because it's really dark and the
car is black but it's so amazing to
drive so I know I didn't really love to
drive guys because it's really late at
night you won't even see much but this
car was amazing look at it I love when
you lock the car look at weapons nice oh
my gosh she's like disco like I just are
blinking like that guy said whenever
you'd lock you like unlock is normal
when you lock it goes you know what it
looks like it looks like you know the
Popo lights in like every time I leave
it I'll offer a date the airs gone / you
know that's not even our border but it
was in our garden purse that's
somebody's poor bull that came into our
garden guys a group of people were
playing football outside and their ball
came over just leave their ball outside
you thief I'm sure maybe someone else
might take it fine so at least you did
your gene basically my sister's trying
to do kick ups with a snow tumble right
now you know if you don't steal it at my
work it was sent to me from the heaven
oh you guys can tell I'm actually really
really sick today like my nose is messed
up my throat is messed up I can barely
speak but I've been trying to push
through today's vlog anyways right now
I'm actually gonna give you guys a
little bit of special content okay
now couple days ago when I met up with
Renee and Ben bass we actually recorded
a challenge in my car and I never ended
up what are you on the vlog so I want
you guys to check it out right now okay
enjoy it might be a little bit cringy
but just it was a very fun moment in my
life I'll see you guys after the
challenges so right now we just finished
eating food and we are actually gonna be
doing a small little challenge so we're
actually going to be
it's gonna be a small little battle
between me and bin bats okay it's kind
of like a battle for Annie
we want to see who knows Renee better
loser loses Renee they're not even in
their life anymore no oh my god the
winner of this competition gets to take
Renee on a date this is not even my
phone this is a beam buzzes phone and
these are just some questions he goes
am i more is to look or brain you didn't
understand the questions like the guys
season two the guys that I like I like
them because of look or their brain and
plus even with me I'm not worth more
luck than brains
honestly Russian number two how many
sisters do I have yoky well you have not
told me this but I know she has one
sister for sure because you were talking
to her on the phone but I feel like
there might be another one somewhere so
I'm just gonna go for two but I feel
like he knows you better right yeah what
does my city have does it have a river a
sea or a mountain mountain hi guys so
basically we've come to a realization
that bin baz knows Renee way better than
me I still win the date okay I think
that's fair but we're gonna change the
game I'm gonna see who knows me better
from them okay so if bin baz wins he
steals our date and I gonna date with
him
it's going to be a bromance alright so
as always I'm gonna wrap up today's look
here but before I do wait wait wait it's
time to announce the giveaway winner so
let's go get my laptop and see who won
the golden coin oh ok so whether you got
my laptop right now the video where I
announced the giveaway has 90,000
comments now before I announce the
giveaway winner for the golden coin
don't forget the main giveaway I'm doing
this month is for the vlogging camera so
if you guys want to win that just
subscribe to the channel and comment on
as many videos as you can cuz I'm gonna
pick a random video and a random comment
from this month so if you want to win
the vlogging camera subscribe and just
go and comment on all of my videos
alright there you go so as you can see
guys load comments and it starts oh my
god are you kidding yo I've literally
left my laptop for 10 minutes and were
only 9000 comments in your picking and
giveaway winner is harder than it looks
alright so it took a really really long
time but the comments are finally loaded
up and it's time to pick a winner three
two one Oh new man Gauri congratulations
you are the winner
alright that is the account it makes it
very hard to contact them but if you are
the winner please update your channel so
I have an email to contact or something
as I said if you didn't win don't be sad
because I'm doing a bigger giveaway
awful vlogging camera so if you want to
enter subscribe to LIF that awesome
stuff and you
as always I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow Jana Jana
