so basically right now they're trying to
convince me to buy a gun now you guys
know how much I love shooting my sister
so basically this is fully automatic my
god my god yeah everyone what is up
welcome back to another video so today
is actually a pretty exciting day
because we have something very special
on our hand check it out here you go
boys this is it the rolls-royce phantom
now in case you guys don't know much
about this car this is like one of the
most expensive luxury cars there are out
there okay and I want to take you guys
through a couple of its features now
this car
secondhand goes for three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars all right
brand-new I think they go upwards of
half a million dollars so this is a very
very expensive car and I'm gonna show
you why it's worth every penny so as you
guys can see we've got a very nice
custom plate number on it boom hey blogs
keep everything private plate number
guys gonna say could be a 1 did you
under there it could be nothing
alright so first things first this car
actually has a Matsui kit on it it's
special it's got carbon fiber over here
and it's super super me now when you
unlock this car if you guys check out
over here whoa the Spirit of Ecstasy
comes out what spirit affection that's
the symbol that's what it's cool no guys
I basically this over here is cooled the
Spirit of Ecstasy
so when you unlock the car it comes out
and then when you lock it it goes back
in so that nobody tries to steal it but
now I want to take you to the inside of
this car because it's super special
let's go so Rolls Royce has this really
cool like scissor door effect where
they both open outwards you just want to
get out your door yeah you guys if you
don't already know this every
rolls-royce comes with an umbrella yes
so if you guys see over here boom you
just click this button over here and you
have your custom rolls-royce umbrella
now the thing is we live in Dubai it
pretty much never rains guys so the only
use I'll have for this is hitting a
hater and haters come at me boy now
moving on inside ok this actually has
TVs at the back where can you guys find
it it's actually concealed inside the
car alright so if you guys pull this out
boom okay you have your own table yes
but if you flip it up down you have your
own TV inside the car oh cool so they've
actually hidden the TV inside your
little tray that you have and you just
fold it straight back inside you best
don't spill any drinks on that boy
nobody saw that what happens it's upside
down also hidden your little stash over
here boom so if you guys wanna just pick
this button over here now this is where
you control your TV from guys time to go
to the front
I was sad that were in the front of the
car this is where all the main business
happens right guys so first six verses
you can see everything in this car is
made to perfection
wait a second did you sport what just
happened - no what do you mean what no I
just swiped my head and the screen open
guys let's see one of the most famous
things about Rolls Royces is the fact
that they have a clock inside the car
but this car is a little bit special oh
yeah so underneath that clock you have
your nose screen and I have no idea how
I'm opening it but every time I touch
this section it opens what the hell is
happening I don't know guys this Rolls
Royce is on Vudu right now so the thing
is in case you guys don't know this
about Rolls Royces you might be
wondering where is my gearbox like how
do I change gears on the rolls-royce
with no year box
it actually works from here guys so if
you just pull this down it puts you into
drive alright so this is actually your
gearbox Rolls Royces don't actually have
gear boxes in the middle everything
functions from the wheel so you just
pull that down it goes into Drive you
pull it up it goes into reverse alright
but yeah guys there you go this is the
rolls-royce phantom I needed to do a
little quick tour with you guys because
this car as I said is one of the most
luxurious cars in the world and this is
the most expensive out of the three
Rolls Royces so the ghost I believe is
the cheapest which is the one I have
so case um it's only a number I bet it's
the rolls-royce Wraith which is the to
door which Seiken has and then finally I
think the most expensive is this one
which is the Phantom my favorite
rolls-royce
bro just because it's the most expensive
you just made it your favorite that's
how you started it I like the body gear
yeah yo we missed one thing the coolest
part about this whole car
it has windscreen wipers for its lights
guys if you see this this is a
windscreen wiper for the I think it just
sprays it I hope he doesn't spray the
camera
oh my gosh are you kidding me oh my gosh
look at that that's crazy now your foam
dripping this foam all over the front
lights oh my god we're gonna need to
wipe that alright guys so now that we've
shown the rolls-royce Raschid and met
you're actually our house right now so I
think it's time we pranked them there
y'all guys fucking Betty's in the
bathroom as you can see my boy Betty and
Russian are here today we tried Frankie
Matty
it failed but now where are we going
Rasha Rasha it's somehow convinced us to
go paintballing today me against the
evil city they don't know what's the
feel yeah guys basically we've invited
three people with us that have no idea
how to Babel so we're gonna torture them
today there's gonna be a door charge
they have no idea what's going on
basically it's good to be me Raja -
Matty against Ahmed and he's never been
paid warning against Russians driver the
guy doesn't even know what to do we're
torturing everybody
yo yo yo yo guys have you seen my new
car look at the rolls-royce that's your
only reaction yeah pretend like it's
like wow oh oh my god the good the rooms
so he quickly came to get a bet to go
paintballing bro have you ever been
before
basically there was an event going on
here and look what they had boomer a red
carpet event
hey have you not sold it bro I'm just
broke quicker
I need the card going this is a city
guys they parked my car out for the
event you know because obviously whoever
sees this car they might buy it's also
Ahmed put my car in all the events it
has to be it's actually a pretty crazy
event they put out all the coolest cars
over here today you've got the
Koenigsegg over here we go everything
and we got the band is your first time
live look I think it might be the guys
by the way this is holder this is the
owner of the Oh Joe Mills by the way
guys so you already know but yeah guys
that is the man and yeah for now we're
heading out oh look where we are
look where we are guys we about to go
paintballing right now yeah yeah if you
die today for the three people who not
to play melody rushes and overall they
won't see me another team yeah
their team is like the worst ever yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo my man practice know me
bro what the hell on the wall oh here we
go
so right now we're about to play some
capture the flag guys you ready see I'm
the best guy in the world basically
right now they've given us some smoke
grenades guys so let's see how this
works
here goes nothing smoke grenade
oh my god oh my god
I was painful
that was so painful guys someone shot me
so hard you went through my armor guys
honestly their team got destroyed like
literally destroyed so today we came
over to charge up a pony club basically
I could win a prize guys check this out
bound all right I'm ready for this all
right guys we're gonna spin a wheel no
no course the best price come on
okay I think I want the free mask up
great okay we need the green one guys we
need the green one I don't think this is
gonna stop any day doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo Oh guys guys it's stopping it's
stopping it's stopping okay boy so now
that we're done we're actually gonna
head over to the gun store because dad's
never been here here it is the gun shop
damn fool I actually own a buy one do
you think you're not so basically right
now they're trying to convince me to buy
a gun and you guys know how much I love
shooting my sister so I'm gonna try it
out
it's an airsoft gun it's putting gas
into it right now but I'll buy one I'm
buying one bro get the hell out of here
no that's my gun basically this is fully
automatic no bro no one's gonna break
you sauce now no one's gonna break it
just bat your eyes that's right yeah
all right guys so check it out this is
the gun I'm buying right now wow that
looks mean so basically guys this is the
gun I'm gonna be buying one last test
okay so it's a fully automatic which
means I can just put my plan down ready
my fan down I mean my hand down I'm
scared I don't know why I'm scared now
okay just know the next person that
tries to break into my house so we are
finally home after a crazy crazy day and
it's time alright it's time I showed you
what I got your boy bought two guns
first things first first things first
BAM this is nitrogen green gas say hello
to my little friend
holy moly basically I went and bought
myself a pistol basically this works on
gas alright so it's not a real pistol
but it's pretty damn powerful okay so
anyway stay tuned for tomorrow's video
it's gonna be insane like honestly I
don't think I've ever had like
got this powerful so we might be doing
some crazy shit around you but yeah as
always if you enjoyed today's video make
sure to I don't know like the video
maybe maybe subscribe I'm not I'm not
threatening you guys are anything I'm
not trying to threaten you but I'm just
saying there could be consequences I
love you guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
and as always yeah Leon
