yo yo guys welcome back to another vlog
so today this morning my brother went to
the hair salon and he just arrived home
and he doesn't sound too happy so I'm
pretty gonna go show you guys
yomo open the window come on let me see
well I know like a monster oh you look
okay bro I mean this style of its own
bro I've seen a lot of people flaunting
that look towards the Fashion Show
Oh towards Ross it's Fashion Show oh my
god no I'm sure he loves you under
condition no good at love me I guys
tomorrow I have a fashion show that I
need to go to and I look like this um
like how'd you go to a fashion show bold
um you could always wear away what do
you bring old more back you know that
long hair style no no I think it's cool
bro I actually messed up like well at
least we can try a different hair wig
it's not the end of the world and to be
honest I think you can work this look
they might only like the look my
brothers in the bathroom right now and I
don't know I think you might be able to
work him but he's not okay about it at
the moment so yeah oh my god it's bad
why are you upset you could have lost
because he said host only like there's
supposed to be blackness like was must
be black um yeah about that it's not it
just doesn't zoom you guys you know what
it is you know what it is cuz you've got
a very chunky beard with that it doesn't
go with that like look you look bottom
heavy yeah listen I don't say guys if
you don't like the way I look just let
me know just give me your honest
opinions in the con section
yo your ages are coming off your skin is
coming off what are you doing to my hair
alright guys I made a big mistake this
is super glued to my head and it's not
company go home
so basically in case you're wondering
yes this is not my real head I'm not a
hippie behold we're super glued on a
fake bolt patch to me who thought super
gluing a boss to my hair was a good idea
how it's time to get the Robo logs back
is makeup warp
see ya makeup is waterproof guys girls
have been lying to us this whole time
I'm not sure about you guys but I
thought if you take a girl swimming you
can see a real look now here's the thing
I'm sure law if you're wondering how we
actually make me board it so yeah right
now I'm gonna show you exactly what went
down check it out this is the hide the
seeds of how I became bold so right now
we're gonna
we're gonna pretty much take away all my
head lights camera action lights oh my
god I look like an eggy in it there's a
going bulb it's not as easy as you think
my sister is about to cut around my hair
oh my god you put that in my ear this is
how the head Moss looks like with no
cutter right now we're about to blend it
in with my real face cutter I kind of
look like right now does that look
like my skin cutter to you guys I really
don't know is it just me or is being
bold make you look angrier I actually
look angry right now we're gonna quickly
hair dry what's going on yeah she's just
I don't know what am I saying guys just
I'm about to hair drive my bald head
I've actually always wanted to see what
it's like if I became bald and I was
considering going bald for a while so I
feel like this would be a good test if I
look good then I might actually do it
guys I'm sorry to like fall and oh my
god that is weird
oh my what this actually looks scary
right now a monster has been created I
don't know some people they look really
nice when they're bald but you I don't
even know what to say right now like
well look look at me look look at me aye
aye welcome to Planet Earth
imagine me vlogging boat I feel like I
get more views yeah this is how you
change girls minds like looking like
this girls will be like nah
but then BAM all of a sudden it looks
like
whoa your shoes like she look really
nice i sigh quickly weather took a
shower right now your bullies back so
right now I quickly went and changed
into a fire outfit guys we got the new
shoes bro look the shoes match with the
jeans
it's like camouflage please match with
your shirt and the matches your
face these shoes are pretty much like
camouflage like I'm not even wearing
shoes I'm very like camel right now I
quickly would have freshened up guys it
just feels so good and having my hair
back but I'm actually heading out of the
house this is it's a Friday right now we
need to go have some fun son let's go
press to start alright so here's the
thing I didn't actually tell you where
I'm going right now but it's about to
get super super exciting on the vlog so
right now I'm actually heading over to
go see my boy Roshan but he's not alone
no there's like three youtubers from
America with him faze rug mark daughter
George Janko
there's literally 10 million subscribers
worth the people with him I honestly I
just get super excited I meet youtubers
i watch and these 3 happened to be
people I actually watch myself so let's
go see what's up
whoa guys look at that one of our
neighbors is having a party and he's got
like the coolest light show ever down
now that's balling right there so right
now I'm here with my boy Ross said
listen there's no as others in the
building basically guys the three
youtubers are being actually got
separated in different hotels and he's
here he's here I was blogging about him
but the guys here I'm finally in Dubai
man what's up mo blog wait what'd he
call you yo yo Spa it's a weird name I
know what's up yo yo squad it's your boy
rug a lot of people were tweeting at me
saying I can't wait for you to cloud
with Mo we have to bro finally
this is your first time first time in
Dubai first time out of the country
except Mexico but that doesn't count I
don't yeah Dubai is beautiful like just
just this part right here I don't know
if this is like the best part or like
it's nice there's more oh we are back
guys back so we are back guys it has
been like four months since I've eaten
because he's been in the RV bro guys she
has six more months until he can get on
the army because super strict so Oh guys
the main food just got here are you
ready to eat they haven't fed it for six
months please come out this is first
meal this looks so delicious I'm mainly
happy for Abdullah right here six months
no food we have everybody over here by
the way now we just finish my boy phase
right now is that was sold at the best
restaurant ever in my life no
exaggeration but guys we have two
special guests right now what you
haven't seen you want to do this right
now
disable we are at the Solvay restaurant
now
one of the best I've ever had to butter
the succulent me a lot of me is it both
your first times in Dubai okay okay give
me an open road another Drive I'm done
like that I've been hearing crazy you
can't rip it are you do it in a way
every don't cry don't cry
shut up great friends we just met and
he's letting me drive his Ferrari I make
it in this Cup right here you guys both
give me your car already
oh wait you're making a harder oh my god
this is a real challenge
Oh George take that I'll take that huh
you're not so for now heading out so
we're saying goodbye tomorrow alright
guys so for now we're heading out that
was awesome we just had some food over
here and the gangs are heading out eh
all right guys so here it is the moment
you have all been waiting for it is time
to announce the giveaway winner to the
halawi phone now here is the thing guys
as I said this is the second winner okay
so there is still four more phones I'm
giving away so listen if you want to win
it's super easy guys the rules are
simple if you're new around here
subscribe and just comment down below
alright anyways the winner is
Sajjad hashem congratulations my man
this is the winner guys so oh if you
guys can see let's open up his chat oh
oh oh look at the channels he subscribed
to you subscribe to love your food well
you are the winner of a man I'm gonna
subscribe to your channel just update
with your email so yeah but yeah as I
said there's four more phones up for
grabs
anyways boys I'm gonna end up today's
like here I'm super excited because
tomorrow is my boy wash it's fashion
show so I can't wait like all the
youtubers you saw here are actually
going to the fashion show with us so
it's gonna be super fun like she's gonna
be a super fun event so alright I love
you guys I'll see you tomorrow
and as always yeah Leo know
