this is what happens when Salman Khan
enters what is a welcome back to another
line I'm in the second intro today a raw
shit is in my intro for the second time
back-to-back today and that's ignored
there how'd it go bro it's so like
cornered you know it's like something
the after count of award okay so here's
the thing right now I'm starting the
vlog in my car because my boy wash it
quickly came to pick me up and he said
today is a special occasion
all right we're gonna launch our biggest
diving school in the world and we're
gonna have a special guest Salman Khan
if you guys don't know their family owns
the bill Haast driving center and today
they're launching the biggest driving
school in the world and he told me that
they have like a ton of celebrities
coming and house like I'm on Khan so I
can be done and some designers and some
everybody this event is so so like
exclusive guys my boy was like yo bro
come and let's go so as I know you
already know
get out the car get out the car you're
not coming
hey guys today's gonna be a super super
dope day and congratulations to them for
opening this driving school so yeah
let's go and see what's up higher voice
yo check it out we are officially here
at the Bell acid driving center now
today they're launching it there's a ton
of celebrations going on and first
things first this is one of their
lecture rooms so guys if you start
learning driving over here you literally
get like a really cool room like this
they've taken like driving school to the
next level so you can actually practice
with like Range Rovers like practice
driving and let's go check that we can I
basically yeah there's a ton of crazy
stuff going on over here today I thought
I'd show you it as there is a big
celebration going on anyways let's go
check out the celebrations and let's
have some fun
oh my god I so we're outside and this
over here is a car from the driving
school guys listen only in Dubai a Range
Rover Evoque as a driving practice car
like could you imagine like fractus
thing with this car I sure I've never
seen a Range Rover and a Mercedes as
cars that you practice learning with
like that is on another level right
there
what Wow I guess this is the first time
you're ever gonna see this car as a
learner car so basically when it comes
to learn their cars you need to have
brakes on the passenger seat look at
this Wow I love the fact that this is
business class and this is first class
so like you have classes the hasser
driving center honestly this place is so
big like it's insane like this whole
thing is they're driving center guys so
spirity now yo okay besides from the
Range Rover Mercedes guys look what we
have over here bang oh yeah the supreme
bar re boys as I said I'm just super
excited being here today like you should
always be happy when people lie around
you are like reaching their goals so
something like this is a big deal so
right now we are behind the scenes rush
it is actually gonna be doing a couple
of interviews sponsored by money Kings
drink cover the logo
all right
all right Ross had just finished
interview number three bro what the hell
play hard and work hard by the way guys
I just met Eric Abidal he's like a
football legend he's pictured not both
why did he go that check is decay come
why should you put his picture if you're
bringing guys I'll get him on the vlog
hey guys so this is the moment you guys
have been waiting for look who's here
with me the legend Eric Abidal what's up
man I'm good and you good good guys
honestly he if you guys don't know him
he played for Barcelona before and this
is one question I want to ask him on the
vlog
how does it feel winning the Champions
League it's maybe one of the best moment
in my career you have to to work hard
yeah luck because you have to be lucky I
think I was in the best world
yeah Barcelona during these moments
bitters and did you feel when you lost
against Real Madrid you play it's very
difficult but anyway this is the game
football sometimes you win sometimes it
is okay and who do you think is a better
player me or Raschid player you and go
to keep her here I'm the best little
play out Miasha I abide the way guys
he's getting official on Instagram right
now so what's your Instagram I don't
know I will put it right here okay over
there right over there Sun West is El a
V I I think we need a new dawn on a love
of videos ill AV AV go follow that there
areas we shot you know how I appreciate
it thank you guys this guy's a savage
and yo alright guys so right now Salman
Khan is just about to pull up to the
venue if you guys can see a
my body's here and there's a red coffee
over here for him this is insane
he's like the biggest Bollywood actor
right there you step on that guy's I
swear I saw somebody step on it and they
almost died like nobody is allowed to
step on the red carpet right now because
it's for him
I saw this in them I know I'm full plugs
but I saw my through through through
what the hell are you doing bro why did
you step on the red carpet
this is what happens when Salman Khan
enters oh my god
someone one is in the middle of
okay guys so right now they're quickly
bringing the money cakes and milkshakes
if I ever need to say thank you to
somebody
this guy just blogged do you know okay
so I know today's vlog has been like
besties guys but honestly you guys don't
realize for just happen like it's crazy
my god everybody is going crazy right
now guys
it's someone came out for like one
minute but as you can see there's like
tons and tons of people waiting outside
holy moly alright guys I'm trying to
just stay with the crowd right now
honestly guys after today you realize
what being famous is really like people
know I was looking at the booth booth
guys Ross had saved my life like the
thing is there are so many people and
they all push you to the side you have
to be please you and I brought it was
like no get out my way I was a manhunt
nobody nobody check guys wanna see guys
Salman Khan he's probably not watching
this but super old
it was Salman was actually a super
awesome biggest you do this in the heist
nice he's the famous person here famous
we have some dope photos with Salman so
go follow our instagrams both we're
gonna be in the newspapers we're gonna
be after a crazy crazy day we're finally
home with the family right now and we're
taking Lana and Mommy mo to a special
restaurant
okay guys anyways guys basically we just
go home and somebody gave us this it's a
custom-made mold blogs and money kicks
shoo-in sir
what so shout out to Zayn for dropping
this bye guys I'll show you a layer on
tonight I'm gonna mow on one side and
vlogs on the other side ba guys right
now we're gonna go eat for the show BC
and the crazy thing is how did they know
you're coming to my house today still
come on guys come on let's go let's go
is good girls go by the way Lana who
takes better me Raschid
my old can stay at home I'm not driving
it hi I'm leaving guys I'm helping Oh
check it out boys we just made it to the
spot the secret location
welcome Lana welcome to the dungeon so
my sister's confused right now basically
when you come here they give you
backpacks this is for their
back-to-school menu so my mom actually
wanted to take the bag home guys she was
like bro do you have to give this back I
was like yeah of course we have to give
the bags back
my favorite part they're gonna be trying
some design with chocolate and throwing
some stuff and bricks I'm gonna show you
guys so we are back home right now you
already know what time it is
it's time for me to say good night to--
love you guys but yeah guys Oh Georgia
side big shout out to my boy Russian
huge congratulations to them as I said
today they launched their new driving
school which is like the biggest one in
the world
so yeah crazy crazy stuff man and you
know hope to see them just do bigger and
better things honestly as I've always
told you guys it's always good to see
the people you're around hit new heights
because it motivates you to grind so you
can become like themselves rush it I'm
coming I'm grinding I'm grinding hey
guys Oh jokes aside I love you guys so
so much I'll see you guys more for
another epic blog and as a waste
yah-yah-yah know
