welcome back to a nother blog today the
first place I'm actually going to and I
know this sounds really weird I'm
heading to the Lamborghini showroom okay
so basically my sister's lamborghini key
is actually ran out of battery so I'm
gonna go and get those swapped out with
fresh batteries or whatever it is
so yeah let's go and do that oh hey good
morning oh my god this looks beautiful
let me know in the comment section are
you team Ferrari or are you team
Lamborghini
all right let's switch this bad boy on
oh by the way just in case you want to
see the key to a Lamborghini this is
what it looks like okay so it says
Lamborghini on it and then this is the
Ferrari key so they're very similar yo
I've voice so check it out right now I
just made it over to the Lamborghini
showroom if you can see behind me
anyways I quickly gave the keys in
they're gonna swap out the batteries and
stuff like that but there's a ton of
nice cars yeah now when you come here
it's like skittles
it's literally like heaven if you can
see it and there is a Lamborghini
perform ante this is the new Lamborghini
that's out guys it looks beautiful
alright a couple seconds later the keys
are now with new batteries anyways check
it out we've got my friend over here
what's up what
I'm still thinking guys it's nice but
let's see guys so the thing is now that
we're done over here I'm actually
heading over to the outlet mall and my
friend if you don't know what that is
everything over there is like super
super cheap light I mean crazy cheap
like 70% off 80% off I know sounds
really weird because I'm in a Ferrari
trying to look for cheap things but
listen you got to save money somehow
anyways my friends at his AMG GT right
now we're about to head out let's go
through the way our voice oh right now
we just made it over to Chinatown we
actually ended up coming here instead
but I actually want to take a look at
some safes over here so they actually
sells on my pretty hard core safes so
check it out damn guys this is literally
like a bank safe so this store that are
you coming to literally only sell safes
and all if their safes are fireproof
bulletproof wind proof like everything
proof but they actually look really nice
so this is one of the safes I actually
really want something like this for my
room oh my god I don't know how you'd
open this though so my friend is
checking this safe out he actually wants
to buy it but what are the two keys for
you need to inspect system no way
so imagine you give one key to me and
the one key is
that's a good question okay so basically
we both actually came inside the Ferrari
and I don't know if there's enough space
to Percy in the booth because the boot
is like small so moment of truth it's
time to see if we have enough space in
the boot okay
hi guys hopefully there's nothing inside
please right here ah no oh is that the
spare tire no bra there's no space that
is a spare wheel down all right guys I
guess we're gonna go back inside and we
call him get the safe guys because
there's no space so yes I know he came
here to buy stuff but they do need every
corner return they have such cool things
to eat and try out over here we're
trying out these snow cones so basically
that's a block of ice and then snow is
coming down below so we're having two
flavours mango and coca-cola which one
are you having mango oh my god that
looks so satisfying guys a few moments
later
okay guys so I know this sounds really
really random we're passing by this
store and I'm actually buying a waist
shaper for my sister right pretty much
is like this really tight thing you put
on your waist and apparently it's gonna
make you thinner so the thing is we
actually didn't end up finding anything
we really wanted the only thing I ended
up buying was this waist trainer or
whatever you want to call it literally
this suffocates you until you become
skinny yo yo I literally found the
coolest thing I've ever seen it they
have a golden toilet seat oh my god what
this is literally a golden toilet seat
oh if you ever thought you couldn't take
a poop in a golden toilet seat there you
go how much is this just the toilet did
you see that yes nice guess how much how
much 12,000 no way I'm drinking a
thousand so finally back home right now
after our little trip to Chinatown the
thing is I'm gonna try out the thing we
bought later on but right now my boy
money
Kix is back in Dubai he's actually
outside right now so let's go see what
he's up to
then we're keeping chicken chicken
bitches right now me and the boys have
come to eat some food vines I said gosh
it just came back from Puerto Rico and
yeah I want him to tell you what
happened I could do three emotional guys
so yeah so people they have money in
their bank account
they cannot throw money the only kind of
hundred dollars a day and there's a line
until like
so everybody's bank accounts are locked
off there nobody has water no water
we're with my man over here what a few
moments later so right now we came to
have a Nutella crepe with the family
basically we're all gonna share this
together
a parent of the game
here is the moment of truth time for
some Nutella oh my god guys so the
craziest thing ever just happened right
now basically you know the nut telophase
were eating up the manager just took
care of the bill like everything was
free and he gave us a special cake check
this out Oh guys it says welcome mugs I
just wanna say thank you so much to the
manager for recognizing me I appreciate
it so much
yeah but up if you guys enjoy alright
anyways for now is saying goodbye to ah
 so peace out until next time I want
you to comment who looks better him or
me okay nice comment and I bet you do
bet me 500 I bet you 500 stickball
actually if you win I do a giveaway
I was so for now we're officially
heading home it's actually super empty
in the mall what's that
guys they're chasing us
where's mommy we did ditched her it's a
race Lana versus the tractor go go go go
go okay so we are finally home and it's
time to show my sister what I go over we
got her a present
are you ready yes what is that yeah we
got my sister a waste
jeepers what the hell so my sister is
going to now put her new waist shaper on
you can't force someone to change our
shape that thing can that literally
that's what it's for it's a medium by
the way yeah it's a medium yeah I think
mommy needs to help you that is that's
disgusting
quotes close it you know what if I die
from using my breath this is this could
actually put it to my death
guys what the hell is wrong with your
stomach I feel like we can do the bottom
one straight yes come
what do they say it's trying to relocate
the meat and every other oh you actually
look so slim right now do surgery on
their ribs so there you go that is what
I bought my sister guys Yojana on do it
and see if it's made a difference I feel
like it's already made a difference it
looks like your body stuck like that
breathe right now if you keep this on
for a few moments I might cut up by
alright guys we're going to take this
off right now oh let's do this so time
to take this off before my sister dies
this is safe honestly I feel like you
could pass out guys yuck
your body is actually face you actually
look slimmer right now I said let's see
the stomach no it's gone it's good
always a wrap up today's vlog here if
you have enjoyed make sure to smash the
like button don't forget before you guys
go after tomorrow I'm announcing the
giveaway winner of the golden coin
thingamajig whatever you want to call it
so yeah if you want to win subscribe and
comment on yesterday's video saying gold
that's it that's all you need to do but
yeah as always I love you guys all by
the way just a little bit for spoiler
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be one of the
craziest days ever okay so if you guys
wonder what a crazy vlog just make sure
to watch tomorrow's vlog and I don't say
that often guys so yeah stay tuned
there's some crazy things going down but
for now I'll see you guys some more
and as always yellow yellow boy
