good morning what is that everyone
welcome back to another vlog so you
might be wearing right so everywhere I'm
starting out today's video I'm actually
in science office who's behind this
camera whoops ah what's up today we have
a lot of things planned ok so there's
actually a very interesting reason I'm
here today if you guys know I have a
tendency of wasting a lot of money it's
igan it has kind of advised me to start
investing my money now you guys know I
have one property already which is a
very small studio but today we might be
buying my second property so the thing
is I can actually just set up a new
company can sell any moment and today I
might be biting a property through his
new company so let's go and let's just
have a good day that's definitely going
in so in case you're wondering let us
tell you a bit more about the company so
it's good sell any home and it's
actually a very interesting idea it's
very simple if you go to sell any Volcom
basically you can register as a buyer or
as a seller
it's very soon if you go as a seller you
can see how much your property's worth
for knowlet's in Dubai and there's a
buyer you can buy property for free I
mean the property you don't get for free
but it doesn't cost any right
yeah I've voice oh right now we're
actually on our way to the first
property we're gonna be viewing now
before we get there let me actually
explain what this new company is about
that sigan has now it's not a normal
real estate okay it's actually pretty
interesting it's actually like an online
auction for houses and you can sell your
house in 30 minutes guaranteed again
anyhow like bring me the president's
house I'll sell it it's actually really
cool it solves a problem so if you want
to sell your property fast or you're an
investor who wants to buy properties
this actually guarantees coordination so
you basically are live and you can bid
one there so every hour we have another
property you're buying right now the
property we're gonna go see is going to
be auctioned up and sold in front of us
but I'm not gonna buy it because it's a
little bit out of my budget okay now you
don't have to you don't have to be
physically here actually it all works in
an app so you can actually bid right
there
welcome welcome so this is the property
and it's actually a very nice one
because it has a private beach that's
right at the water and we're gonna talk
to the sell any home team to make this
happen all right hey what's up man how
are you sir here we are at the property
this is the first listing of the day yes
it's actually furnished so we usually do
an inspection so we basically upload all
the information into the system and yeah
no man can tell you so this is Omar he's
actually the CEO of selling a home yeah
so he's gonna take us through everything
today so we usually do is we come to the
house studio Villa mansion and we start
by thinking about a few pictures so
anywhere between 40 to 50 pictures Wow
we also do an evaluation report about a
hundred point check on everything about
the villa cuz of course all of our
investors are buying without being
present okay the owner oh wow
okay so this is the place guys as I said
it looks amazing guys so good luck
bidding guys cuz I'm out
it's not in my budget right I said
cycads actually gonna start bidding from
his phone as well pretty much the top
bidder wins the house yeah this is
exactly why it's out my budget guys that
view alone adds so much value hi boy so
the auction is now live everything is on
the app so it's time to get bidding so
Cyan's actually gonna start this auction
we're going and strong 10 million
honestly guys as I said this is the
starting bid because this house is super
super luxury and he's typing his
password in bro oh my god latest offered
ten men
then there's 29 minutes to go but what's
the highest you're gonna go I'm not
telling you I feel like I feel like
everybody waits and starts bidding at
the end just so they can be like the
lost one a few moments later somebody
just outbid sigan right now ten point
four million down for how does it feel
your dreams just got shut down
we still have 22 minutes and I'm the
winning bid I think now you are guys bid
submitted at 11 million right now so as
you can see 22 minutes left and we are
at 11 million so we are trying to win as
hard as we can right now so I can just
go out bid again are you kidding anyway
I think it's gonna do it but you know at
least you tried
so someone else build me my blue maybe
you want let's see so the seller will
decide at the end and I think home are
you gonna table from here there's still
18 minutes left and hopefully we'll get
the price up anyways but now we're
heading out so pee Shalimar see you soon
guys
I guess as you can see right now we just
left the first property unfortunately we
didn't end up buying it because we got
outbid birthright so I get this again so
yeah you got this okay someone else got
it that's fine I have to lose sometimes
to win twice
doesn't make any sense my god so right
now you've actually taken a small little
break from viewing property because we
came to eat some chicken but let me warn
you this is spicy very spicy and on top
of that being super spicy they give you
some more spicy sauce in here but they
try and kill you in here yes I get is
sweating spicy
anyways now that you finish eating it's
time to go check out the property guys
so we'll see you in a bit alright guys
we made it to the second place let's
check it out ok so here we are boys the
second property what's up we got we got
stuck in so much traffic it's sold know
what thank you so this is the second
property honestly me and signing kind of
had a pit stop for some food on the way
down
wait is that about Kenny oh wow this is
the view this is actually a really nice
apartment oh my goodness that's a Govi
nurse no way
hi anyways guys I guess it wasn't meant
to be today
damn guys if only I was checking I could
actually bid for this so oh ok boy so
for now we just finished up checking out
all the properties unfortunately both me
and sigan didn't end up by one today but
as I said guys today was kind of like a
trial period if you guys want to check
out what we did today I'll leave the
links as well you can sign up as an
investor like me or if you want to sell
your property you can also do it anyways
the thing is guys I think the food from
earlier is catching up to me right now
so I need to go to the toilet right now
so we're gonna we're gonna say goodbye
to sigan honestly right now we were
actually checking out like our own
videos
memories guys the berries it's been a
long day without you my friend and I'll
tell you all about it Vidia honestly
we're just looking back through
everything we did
so me and sigan might be traveling very
soon again another one where shall we go
guys that's not the conversation where
you want us to go after like America was
a good spot to explore but I mean if you
guys want to go somewhere else tell me
and we might come anyways for now I need
to go toilet so I'll see you guys at
home peace outside okay so I just made
it home right now and somehow my mum and
sister have rescued a baby bird guys
look at her wait what should her name be
- I think her name should be brownie
okay so basically I just go home right
now we have a new baby bird in the
family she likes me look she's not even
flying so right now we're actually gonna
try and put the bird back in its nest so
come down here and a birdie row if flies
iw as you're left with random enemies
are we an animal whisperer they just
come to us like we find cats dogs birds
like what have we got found on the
street before hit crack you may alright
alright it's time to find the nest guys
he tried to kill the bird again I think
that's the nest bro so the babies must
probably be up there there's two nests
guys do you see that that's the nest
right over there we're trying to figure
out what nest it came from because
they might all be the same species of
bird but different families so how do
you figure out which family just adopt
him to another family I were in a tricky
situation there's like three nests and
we have to put him back in one
I feel like if he dropped on the Mustang
it has to go here mom
we decided it fly from this side or that
side middle middle so we couldn't find
her nest and what we're gonna do right
now is put her inside a cage so we're
gonna feed her and make sure she regains
her strength before we release her
outside because she's kind of flying but
she keeps falling on the floor so we
don't want to take a chance in case
bubbles tries to grab her again she's in
the cage she's in the cage yeah so
hopefully I don't know if she realizes
there food in there
hey pigeon pigeon pigeon buddy very
small baby at this point hopefully in a
few days she'll be old enough to fly it
away right well I don't think it takes
days to fly do they not grow fast
our voice like when you went and changed
up into my pimple a pimple my purple
jumper okay so the thing is right now me
and my mom are actually going to the
supermarket it's not cheap you know a
while since I've been to a supermarket I
know it doesn't sound exciting but I
want to go and buy some food water
melone water melone guys we made it to
the water melone oh my god guys this is
a dream come true since we're here at
the supermarket a hundred thousand likes
on today's video and I eat a whole
packet of this I swear I'll do it a
hundred thousand like a hundred thousand
and we'll kill ourselves with that bird
okay so right now I'm looking around the
store and they have coconut water in
like a coconut looking can I know this
actually looks like a coconut right here
so that is pretty awesome I actually
don't like coconut water so that's yeah
it's not ready for me guys but that is
really awesome anyways I'm trying to
find some stuff I could actually eat at
home so yeah let's look around
okay so right now quickly getting myself
a deodorant because I ran out but I
never knew this they actually have Old
Spice do you guys remember the
advertisement for this that went viral
but yeah I'm gonna lie it's the first
time I've ever seen this thing ever in
my life ooh what is this oh my god guys
look at this this is the fanciest bottle
I've ever seen
run Oh shopping Oh shopping look at this
all of this is cat food there you go
guys I swear we buy so much cat food
we're gonna go bankrupt as always on the
wrap up today's vlog here if you haven't
enjoyed don't forget to subscribe you
part the family you guys know what it is
just be awesome alright so yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow
and as always Yolo Yolo
