so today I'm starting the day by opening
a package which I've been wanting this
forever and let's do it
my sister has been waiting for this for
like two weeks so let's see what it is
it's free it's free oh my god you need
some help
wait where is it where is it don't tell
me it's a perfume this is the most
anti-hype gift something or do something
out of this world all right
I'm going to shoot you right now wait
what
it's Cinderella's not sleeping that's
what it is
yes are you kidding me this is all the
hi anyways we're starting the day out
with some free perfume my sister got so
thank you to whoever sent this Wow
yeah okay whatever whatever whatever
okay so today is actually a very very
special day and I have no idea how to
explain this but today I am getting a
free car yeah that shouldn't be too many
rules basically I'm getting a free Mini
Cooper which is very old very very old
it looked busted down maybe it just
needs a refresher like we need to take
it to the barber give it a haircut fix
him up so yeah guys pretty much today
I'm getting a free card and we're gonna
go pick it up right now let's go oh all
right boys all right now you just made
over to the showroom if it's time to
pick up my free car Lana actually hasn't
seen it I saw it yesterday are you it's
free car all right let's go
here it is the McLaren all right Lana
are you ready to see the car all right
come over here yeah just look at me do
not look away look they're getting the
car all polished up for us right now
are you ready to see the car they're
getting it all polished up right now
open your eyes
it looks sporty it looks like your
Mustang hood like bro that does not look
like my mother we can do so much with
this car besides a little differ okay
never mind we can fix this and look it
actually looks like very nice car my
gosh look at the size of this car yeah
you wouldn't want to come in the way of
that one you know our initial idea was
to run over the Mini Cooper with that
big car
Beauty I'm just letting you know now my
I can imagine this in my head what we
can do with this car it would look
amazing tada
my sister's new car surprise now you
don't want it I think there's potential
that's what I'm saying well there you go
that is my sister's new car you're gonna
be watching me in this car trust me yeah
alone nobody else as you can see it's
already becoming shiny right now so I
feel excited man my sister's always
wanted a small car I like this car I
mean but I'm just generally like a big
big car girl yeah a big card big heart
like you know me I like my big cars
alright anyways there is the brand new
car in the family listen guys my sister
likes this I feel like it's your car now
right now we're gonna unlock this bad
boy for you so this is the key so the
way you are lucky BAM it's unlock now
okay Oh guys look at that
amazing yeah well there you go with this
is Lana's new car basically since the
car has been sitting here for a while
they actually need to use electrical
wires to jumpstart it after that we can
just do it without jumpstart all right I
don't know okay so you might have to do
this every day
you might get stuck on the road know
when you started it goes yeah
I need to learn this I'm backing up
right now I do not trust this woman Oh
bro did you see that spark oh now that
is are you cool bad boy I'm not gonna
lie this is actually a pretty exciting
day for our family
yeah we finally have a family car right
now they're putting petrol inside the
car so I'm gonna back up just in case of
emergency just in case you guys haven't
seen this car before this car has three
doors three like it's gone extra door
all right oh yeah they're filling up
with petrol they're filling up with
petrol if you want to drive it see see
let it roll for a second just just a few
minutes with me let the car warm up are
you going to drive it I Drive it if it's
okay I mean you know what I'm talking
about you know happy I just got you a
new car I'm just wanting to see it the
progress it makes in terms of its
activity bro are you ready
it's actually really nice okay I'm gonna
be here just for their first test
driving for your car so the speed is
actually here oh damn oh my god what yo
we just tried turning the lights on what
is going on okay
there's there's no lights anyways
anyways this is the speed only how do we
turn the a/c off how do you turn this
a/c off anyways this is the speedometer
on the Mini Cooper if you guys are
wondering so there's a big speedometer
but yeah for now it's time to drive
let's go for a ride are you good bro
gone look at your age by not turning it
slowly change
oh it's missed if
you're clear gosh the only this is so
hard to turn oh my god that's people
recognized
- I see fans bro showing your new car Oh
secret car we didn't know about this
come bro you got this why are you giving
people away bro just drive oh I hear
police phone let's go let's go let's go
put your foot down
that's it what they see me rollin they
hatin Patrol and they're tryin to catch
me ridin okay so the thing is right now
my sister's trying to get used to the
car the steering wheel is extremely hard
yeah when I turn it I think maybe you
just need to like wheel it up you can't
oil up the steering wheel oh my gosh you
have a clock right above you oh I mean I
mean you thought rolls-royce it was
amazing look at this this has its own
mini cook course no oh
60 km/h be careful be careful
Thanks that was only sixty four T's dis
Karma yeah
to us it is a pretty nice car the story
of the turtle and the route
who won in the end
no net my turtle my turtle a few moments
later
yeah I heard voice all right now he just
made it back home and we need to talk to
you okay so as you saw that was the Mini
Cooper that we went and checked out
today I think there's a couple of things
that need to be done to the car okay so
first things first
the cooling system does not work in the
car I mean there's a lot of things that
need to be adjusted in that car but my
sister is back to painting or painting
by the way it's almost done after one
year the painting is almost ready for
sale now I'm actually heading out to go
see my friends I'm gonna go see Ben baj
and Rene which I haven't seen in a while
so let's go and see what they're up to
all right let's do this
guys we're back anyways guys check it
out we're back with my boy Ben baj we're
back with Rene oh my god she's got a
lizard guys that's disgusting honest has
changed color too like the things around
them Wow he doesn't change color that
much but so he's like a retarded
chameleon if he bites oh my god okay but
I'm gonna stop him stop installing stone
he's good I don't want him to come up my
arm yeah
I saw he was going straight for my
armpit guys this thing is the most
annoyed animal okay so right now they're
actually gonna feed the chameleon and
apparently he eats only once a day so
we're gonna capture a very special
moment and he eats like a little worm
yeah
good thing so he's going to eat this
work brutes alive yeah oh no no I mean
you need to grab something like to be
comfortable so you can eat
okay so right now he's going to oh my
god yeah that's disgusting I'm never
touching him that's your favorite
alright guys so right now we just made
it over to a restaurant and we're about
to eat some food basically bin bag just
got harassed guys
some guy came to him guys this is the
worst thing you could ever do when
they're like yo let's take a selfie and
you're ready for a picture and it's a
video the whole time it's like it makes
you look so bad I could wherever you
were
I'm finding you and I'm hunting you down
anyways right now we're about to have
some dessert and dessert be having what
is that
Turkish dessert by the way birthday is
not having any no why
so we are finally back home after some
time out with my friends honestly had so
much fun just chilling with Renee mm
bass haven't seen them in ages so here's
the thing it's layout look what am I
saying
I don't know so here's the thing it's
late at night right now and I actually
need to get up tomorrow because I have a
ton of stuff that needs to get sorted
out all I see a ton of exciting stuff is
happening besides the fact that I need
to sort out the situation with this mini
cooper like I don't know do you guys
think I should take the car or just like
leave it I know this sounds crazy like
why would you leave a free car but
what's that scars on this body show the
life experiences its endured which shows
that in fact it's stronger than you
listen when you get stuck on the side of
the road go take those life experiences
they say it's not about the destination
it's about the adventure along the way
all right I guess we're keeping the car
I'm gonna get it registered probably
going to design this car I am serious
like I can imagine all these cool funky
colors that's going to go on it like I
would paint it myself that's a good idea
alright anyways as always I love you
guys so so much if you have enjoyed
today's video you know what to do smash
that like smash if you haven't already
make sure to click here to subscribe
click here to watch my last video and as
always I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
