yo good morning yes good how are you
doing welcome back to another blowing so
today is gonna be a very exciting day
we're actually heading out to go have
some fun with our friends right now
they're outside and I wanna go and scare
them with my paintball gun the day has
already begun this is loaded you'd be so
much more scared this is actually
powerful look at the thing that okay
anyways boys right now I'm heading out
with our friends today's about to be a
very exciting day we're heading out in
the Rolls Royce dawn so let's go and
let's have some fun so the first stop of
the day is actually going to be over
ideals on wheels basically there is a
guy that's gonna be pulling for cars
with his mouth
okay so we're actually gonna go ahead
over there check it out and then after
that we're heading to IMG toss-up fun
with the kids gap all right so right now
I just made it over to the event and
look who we have yeah basically they're
about to pull the car it's about to go
down so let's have some fun are you guys
ready okay basically they're about to
pull five cars over here he's actually
done for five you stretched it like a
road record breaking I have no idea what
this is but this is not part of the cars
he's pulling yo this car is so long it's
got three doors what
yeah bro I look who else we have over
here the long-lost brother it's spinning
hey without you my friend and I'll tell
you all about it when I see you bro why
the hell does this thing have three
doors okay let's open every door so
let's see if they're legit okay
bye door number two doors even haunted
oh my god and then door number three you
know this looks so weird what car has
three doors
cinema oh my god yo bro you're climbing
a mountain right now look how high this
car is so my boys gonna try and climb it
right now come on you got it
so as you can see these are the five
cars he's going to be pulling right now
so we go rolls-royce another race I
think they're putting one in between
there as well this is the man who's
gonna be pulling it challenges me versus
you change yeah this pouring here in T
anyways he's about to do it guys good
luck to him and then I'll try after him
cuz you know I just need to prove I can
do it also
aresia it
so the Mustangs core just pulled up
right now I think they're trying to take
over the show this is the coolest car
ever seen oh my god
okay I guess that's that this is the
definition of being lit anyways the
Mustangs just parked up basically right
now I think they're finally gonna be
pulling the car so let's see how it goes
are you ready are you ready oh my
goodness
why are they BB that was incited Wow he
was a day today was the day for cars of
people I could do that bro easy yes
let's do it next time so easy to talk
our voice Oprah now the event just
finished up as you saw insane stuff
going on and honestly this is one of the
coolest cars over here this big 4x4 like
it's just insane like look at the size
of this thing
yeah there's a ton of cool cars Mustangs
over there but yeah for now we're
actually a heading out to go over to the
theme park because there's two events
happening today so let's go and I'll see
you on the other side whoa now that
we're done with that event right now
you've actually come over to IMG
basically really go to the theme park
with the kids you ready yeah you ready
yeah yeah anyways we're gonna go inside
a theme park have some fun
basically there's actually kind of like
a car thing going on as well supercar
madness like they put all their cars
inside I think so yeah there's gonna be
cars supercars rides a ton of cool stuff
so let's go
you ready yeah let's go
I'll keep wait so we just made it over
to the theme park and as you can see
today there's a ton of supercars over
here so right now we're inside the theme
park as you can see and there's a ton of
supercars scattered around everywhere so
you have the McLaren 720 on the other
side you have the 675lt
there's supercars everywhere right now
look there's a SV over here Oh
oh my goodness - IQ mate all right right
now we're in the jungles of Jurassic
Park literally this is my first time
coming down the line and the line is
spooky as hell like there's nobody here
and I feel like we're the only one
so right now we just finished up at the
theme park but I'm with my man agenda
the owner of the first McLaren 720 okay
since you've had it for a while what do
you think about it now oh man I'm loving
it I'm rocking up the miles on it if
this car is a daily driver any bats
anything like you could say like baby I
mean honestly I have nothing nothing
majors shown up yet
I'm just thoroughly enjoying the car and
we're seeing like performance results I
guess being tested against cars that are
heavy hitters and it's outperforming
them so I'm really enjoying this I
cannot wait for the weather to get
better because I'm going to be tracking
this piece all and can't wait oh I know
I did have looked too many rides but I
just came here to chill and we have a
very special guest with us right now are
we allowed to show you guys I have my
friend Muhammad the owner of deals our
will is if you don't already know he's
like super like secretive you don't see
it much but what you do it's special
just no new car coming soon maybe maybe
we're discussing you know if the money
adds up it adds up let's just say that
but yeah check out the lineup over here
oh my goodness
oh the thing is if you guys don't know
this is a 1.5 million dollar car in
front of you I mean it's just so special
this is actually the one reveals on
wheels so my friend actually owns it Wow
now that is special a few moments later
oh my gosh bro you've got an infected
back bro your back is what the hell has
happened I so right now I just made a
home and we got some gifts today so
we're gonna open it up and see what it
is all the way from India oh oh
what do we have I think this is for you
and mommy MOA said
oh my goodness wait I don't get it what
is it basically I think this is one of
those skirts where you wrap around
yourself I so very much that is what
they got from my sister it's actually
really cool imagine how simple their
dresses are decide just one long piece
of material it's time for mine wow
that's a nice colors Wow oh my gosh look
at the color on this you know be careful
you're gonna get in the paint
that's the videos in here so oh my god
be careful Wow
now that is a really nice color it's
looking like your little boat yeah man
it's actually could fit oh my goodness
oh my gosh Wow
that was a little bill for Indian dance
moves for you honestly if you guys don't
know I feel like my sister and me are
becoming better at Indian dancing day by
day like we're actually I feel like
we're becoming like Indian like kind of
guys that's how good we are becoming and
dancing anyways thanks again for these
awesome outfits appreciate it so so much
honestly I feel like we look so awesome
right now like look at the colors
they're so amazing anyways as always I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog here but
before I do something kind of weird
happened on my youtube channel and I
need you guys to know this now two days
ago when I uploaded the video of me
shooting my sister the video Bobbi I
swear I'm going to kill you the video a
got age-restricted and a lot of you
couldn't see it so the link is gonna be
at the top of the description go check
it out I swear this god is so scary my
mom is such a douche guys look at this
listen anyways as always I love you guys
so much
if you have enjoyed today's video don't
forget go check out that last video
which got age-restricted click here to
subscribe click here to watch my last
video and I'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah there you know
