good morning everybody welcome back to
another video so in today's episode we
actually have a very exciting car to
review behind me we have the rolls-royce
dawn so in case you don't know too much
about the rolls-royce dawn it's a
convertible rolls-royce and one of the
newest additions to the rolls-royce
family and today we're gonna be taking a
look into this car now before I get into
anything I just want to give you the
price tag just so you can keep that in
mind this car starts from 350,000
dollars alright so let's go and let's
show you what this bad boy can do who
has the key who has the key ok as you
can see this is what the interior of the
rolls-royce looks like if you come a
little bit closer you can actually see
there's wood inside this car which makes
this a very very special interior in
case you guys don't know are you ready
for the best part about this car its
convertible right
oh my god
I feel like it's about to swallow me
every time the roof comes on oh oh
there's more okay now there is one
downfall to having a convertible roof it
actually doesn't have the Starlight roof
which is like a big thing for us races
but I mean it's either that or
convertible and honestly I kind of like
the convertible a little bit better so
yeah okay so as you can see Natalia is
now in the car so she's going to let us
know a couple of cool features about
this car so it was what you got so
basically the dawn is the replacement of
the Drophead coupe and as you can see
it's all wood inside so it's handmade in
England and it takes about 46 pieces of
wood to complete one rolls-royce it's a
lot of wood okay it's a lot of wood in
this car so what else do you do
basically for this type of car it's a
very heavy car it's it's a very quick
car it's a four point it's four point
three seconds 0-200 and it's a v12 twin
turbo engine so you can imagine the
power on this car is like it looks huge
but it's pretty fast so don't
underestimate it it's all about
luxurious stuff this is like the typical
like you know old-style watch and it's
got the space for the for the key which
is especially for that and another one
for the phone oh wow is that what that's
for yes oh my god okay so I've had this
in my rolls-royce for like a year and it
annoys me so much because I'm like what
is this for now one thing I really love
about rolls-royce is I'm not sure if
this one has it but when you put your
hand on the side it normally lights up
let's check it out that is really cool
this is actually a brand new dawn guys
so I mean you can kind of see like the
brand newness when it comes to the
interior and everything is that even a
word brand newness
brand unison the brand-new 'ti the
brand-new woodsy I'm just making out
words right now anyways one more time
gonna quickly take off the roof just cuz
I love seeing it from the inside so all
right get ready kids
pressure pressure I'm in love with their
rules the base on this car is insane
what I have one two three four five six
all right anyways that has been my mini
review about the rolls-royce dawn
honestly this car just looks so amazing
that I had to show you I mean everything
about this car light you can just
compare it right now visually it looks
super nice I love the bumper and
everything it just looks more aggressive
listen when a car like this comes to
your house you have to vlog it for the
people do it for the people I mean what
better than spending a day with a
brand-new Rolls Royce done I love you I
love you I really really think you're
amazing
so a couple of hours of actually passed
since I lost blogged with you guys and
it's currently like 7:30 p.m. but here's
the crazy thing here is the crazy thing
my sister
there's somehow sleeping bro why are you
sleeping it's seven guys who what what
just my sister that's like this but she
is so lazy okay
okay you might be wondering why I'm
laughing right now I'm just about to
head out the house but later on today
I'm actually being awkward sigan now a
couple of days ago somebody sent him fan
mail to me if you guys can see and he
always thinks that I steal his fan mail
okay he just he doesn't get anything
naive rarely does anybody send anything
to me for him but he somehow is in this
like hypocrisy in his head
where like people are sending like cash
and jewelry and I'm taking it so I'm
going to play him at his own game okay
I'm gonna put this packet inside a
jewelry packet and say the fan sent him
some jewellery so yeah there you go
Simon
that is your stolen fan mail that I
apparently take Lana is a weight fine
and you love mommy
I'm really I'm well I don't always
happen but I think it's either allergic
reaction or cold she's got a disease no
loud Oh kids aren't killed anyways right
now I'm heading out I'm actually going
to science place and it's time to give
him his gift and we're going for a gym
session hence why I brought another
shirt so let's go bro I got you some fan
mail I got you some vans oh thank you
that's nice mine for some jewelry bro
thank you very much
gave this to me I'm going to use this
here's the moment of truth
let's see what sigan got come on yeah oh
sorry I got a letter okay I'm gonna read
all this but this seems to be very nice
thank you very much I really appreciate
it let me just you who's it from it's
from nan phone okay bro I did look
inside the packet there's not I read the
letter I just looked inside you got some
more interesting stuff very nice I think
this is something I think it use if you
put like keys inside yeah apart moons
and okay I mean whatever you want to do
I Gabriel get on to the next gift I drop
I'll put my drugs in here I don't know
what that old medicated plastic I don't
know why I don't know how you know I
think why you remember when we played
football and I couldn't move maybe
that's why maybe that's why guys
somebody shunt psych and medicated with
plaster aid Oh
two of those bro you're getting old I
think no that's because we played
football and I could move like that you
put a lot of effort into it a really
appreciated damn phone and I'm gonna use
this I hope I don't have to use it but
if I have to I'll think of you so
actually today we have to prepare for a
big project I'm planning to walk up this
whole building today we're going to do
it without training so I'm going to show
you the difference between trying
without training and then trying with
training wait we're walking up the
building yeah today yeah bro you didn't
tell me this I'm not doing it let's try
and see what happens I mean we can
easily see our progress because we can
see how far we go okay all right that's
good okay boys here we go bro we just
know what did we do
we can't go back okay there's no turning
back
hi boys so currently I think we came
down 10 floors now we are at the refugee
center
Roseanna million died for what is this
this is actually you can take a break oh
there's water no way this is legit the
creepiest place I've ever been to look
at this guy's I swear you know what this
looks like it looks like those gas
chambers
it's really well-thought imagine there's
like hundreds of people going down if
you can't walk you disappear that is the
dumbest thing I've ever heard but like
oh my god there you go that is what
walking down 50 flights of stairs look
like down you know let's do the one the
other way around
let's go up no I don't know what this is
there's two balls attached to a stick
wait what is this bro oh yeah that
sounds wrong yeah
