good morning what is up everyone welcome
back to another day with our family bro
yeah actually looks like we're eating
the cat that's the warrior you are yeah
just pretend like you're eating in my
sweat
everybody would believe it something
very exciting happening guys I just got
a very special delivery I gave up take
this out supreme do you know what this
is leave it up you know what this is I
mean I've doubled up their guns by
supreme supreme money
hi guys so basically your boy went and
ordered two supreme money guns I so come
check this out money guns you don't got
money though ahh Wow look at that
wait okay money it comes with the cash
it's like a demo what is the purpose of
this where are you gonna use it in the
car serves to pay for my cars yeah oh
that is great I'm sure that car your
owner is not gonna be very happy with
you coming in throwing money all over
his cars is this a Taser so here's the
thing I would use the fake money but I'm
not about that big lifestyle guys
alright I'm about that real lifestyle
know you're into $1 Oh ain't no one's
over here boy ain't no one's over here
emerges a shredder imagine some money
sure yep you balling yep just walk into
that showroom oh just walk in then do
that is it too late to get a refund cuz
I say hello to my little friend
this is my new supreme guns let me know
what you guys want me to do with them I
have some pretty cool ideas we can use
this to give back tasered emperor bro
you know what I want to do we should go
in you're like $10,001 and fill up the
bathtub anyways right now we're actually
leaving the house to go do some shopping
basically my sister wants to go and buy
some boxing gloves you know I don't know
why you're saying you do not speak
English when you're angry what are you
saying a choker choker so girl it's
coffee what imagine next year I've
become the next female boxer anonyme
weather right here
imagine that hi guys so right now we're
in the boxing store as you can see
picking out some gloves my sister
besides you could see they have like a
ton of gloves over here we've come to
guys so it's never-ending guys look at
this hi guys Alana is trying on her new
boxing gloves this is the beginning of a
championship bro
yeah would that figure I said before you
get the gloves I want my sister to punch
me because I have some padding on now
okay there you go we are now done at the
boxing store
the funny thing is last time mayweather
was here
remember when we delivered the bugatti
to him and we saw him but didn't end up
blogging with him we just kind of saw
him won't buy us but we were too shy to
ask see ya meet like that we'll meet in
a boxing ring oh my god look at that
hand wrap my sister ball see this is
exactly why I said buy one that fits you
because look at this guy's face right
now it's as though he boy it for himself
wait also you also get one
dude pathetic holy moly what ok so right
now I just came to deals on wheels guys
and I have no idea at the same time what
are you doing here I promise this was
not planned I just see a big ass for
roll-up Ilana is that sigan
here I got here
there's guys I just little saw him ran
to be decided to vlog alright peace out
brother peace oh my god
hi guys so check it out here is my
Aventador oh yeah so basically my
Aventador was actually in the basement
and right now it's officially going into
the showroom guys what my car is inside
the showroom anyways there you go boys
the car is now officially inside by the
way guys I'm with my boy Conrad over
here Conrad what's the news any buyers
yes I have one guy that's supposed to
meet me tomorrow for lunch no the new
mileage of the car you didn't use much
you know how to take care of cars then
also if this pink color is going to come
out guys basically if you do want to buy
the car and you don't like pink then you
can get it like unwrapped it's really
easy it's just like you just peel it off
so yeah that is the situation my baby
guys but I'm also happy because that
means new car coming soon yes you come
Jeff anything crazy anything crazy
oh yes we have is du Soleil's but I
won't say crazy like next-level classic
good cause they age like wine less cars
the aged like milk that's why I'm
telling you by the classical oh my god
I boy so this is what he means when he
means classic cars down love at first
sight I don't like it's more collectors
cars now it's because collectors we have
a lot of knowledge of cars so they know
exactly what in front of them oh my god
I buy this car the purse gonna go up not
down look
drives amazing slowly they have the
knowledge that's why they my oh my god
now this is classic classic I would take
classic to the next level right now this
is what's one last thing I want to show
you look at all of the keys to the cars
guys what what guys can you see all of
these keys wait for it
okay so I just made it back home right
now we're actually heading out to get
you some food with our friends I just
want to say they have a buyer on the car
what somebody's bought their car
they put down a deposit for the pink
mango yeah I'm kidding guys don't get it
yeah the biggest mistake I ever made in
my life was setting the Ferrari it's
actually in China
so yeah in case you guys are wondering
when I sold my Ferrari it was actually
sold to a Chinese buyer that took the
car over yo I guys so right now he just
came out the house obviously and we're
somewhere very special we are in some
private location we're in a private
location where are we
we're in a hotel bro right now we've
come over to a hotel and this restaurant
in particular is like the most expensive
place ever welcome to the hotel Wow
Wow look at this okay so basically this
is the restaurant we're going over to
and to get there you have to walk past
here you just push them straight
alright guys basically we've come with
like a ton of friends and we don't want
to be those guys that vlog in a
gathering so I'm not gonna lie like this
is the best place to bring somebody you
want to impress I feel like I could
actually bring like dates here and then
fall in love with me instantly I'm gonna
expose crazy they actually took the
lobster out and put on top of the shelf
alright guys so right now we just
finished eating our food but I want to
show you my boys Zach over here what's
my boy actually has a fire pair of
sneakers you want to show them guys
check it out boom he's got his name on
the shoe and some roses like Lana Rose I
like that how many girlfriends do you
have
here's the thing guys right now we're
gonna play a little game my sister is
gonna try and punch me and all I can do
is defend myself all right and I can
make me throw a little slap in there
somewhere
so yeah now there were homeboys I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog here by the
way look at my arm guys what wha this is
from when the lion bit me
like it actually looks fake like that's
how bad it looks like it's actually
doesn't hurt at all
hey guys as always I just want to say
how much I love you guys you are
honestly the best family I could have on
YouTube honestly speaking this is the
last thing I want to say on today's vlog
I want to try and do a lot more giving
back this year because I feel like I
have done a lot of like giving back
events like charity events but I want it
to be much more than anything I've done
before because honestly there's a lot of
stuff going on in this world like even
Houston if you guys have heard there was
some massive flooding that happened and
I feel like a lot of time we don't
realize like stuff like that can happen
to any of us like imagine if like
flooding happened here and you could
lose a lot of your life and I feel like
we need to like kind of raise more
awareness for things going on around the
world if it ever happened to us then we
were on the same done for us but yeah
guys for now see you guys tomorrow
and as always Yolo Yolo
