sounds like something's gonna go off yo
yo yo
good morning everyone welcome back to
another video so today is about to be a
very special day and let me explain why
so about a week ago about that's not
trend anymore so about a week ago you
guys saw that my friend sigan got me a
like in a hyper sport for my birthday
today we are actually going to go and
drive that beast like my birthday gift
but before we do anything today my
sister went gucci shopping and she's
back now so let's see what she got I've
got my awesome Oh
Gucci gang in the building all right
stop stop damage my cars but bro did you
buy me anything like yeah you did
no yeah bro yo my sister bought me Gucci
oh my god Wow all right let's see what
is it I hope this ain't a prank
this looks amazing yo this is the
first-ever Gucci t-shirt I have so we
all Gucci we good so wait we need to do
a transformation all right three two one
Gucci listen I look Gucci I'm about to
go drive my birthday gift which is a
liking - yeah
I'm going in this bro all right anyways
now that I'm in my new t-shirt it is
time to go and drive my birthday gift
all right let's do this yo alright guys
so right now I just made it over here to
science office now in case you guys are
wondering why I'm here my friend sigan
is the one that actually gifted me in
the like in car so it only makes sense
to pick it up with him bro you sprayed
everything not just go and see it they
actually have prepared it I heard and
they have a nice gift for you and me
alright let's go it's time to get my car
what dad is showing off right now
now I can tell you that your bets are
also for
guys so basically rediscover to collect
the car and apparently the whole area is
like a celebration going on woman let's
celebrate what moons as I said we've
come to pick up my car at the showroom
over there and like there's like a whole
thing going on over here
watch our happiness is contagious this
is a pitiful awkward situation
the showroom that has my car is opposite
the street and we can't go that we can
guys what is Saiga doing is standing in
the middle of the celebration so one of
the craziness is still going on on that
side guys that if I go there's like a
random pouring happening but we are here
to take delivery of my life yeah it's
Buddhist so by the way the showroom is
officially closed guys but they open it
just watch what guess what guys we are
taking delivery of this bath
bro this is this is nice
I want one too this is my car if you got
me in with a smile don't touch it you
have good friends I'm big thank you to
my voice I can like your already know
but here is the situation we're in right
now so as I said today we came to take
delivery of this but outside there's
like a whole festival going on and
they've shut down the roads bro but it's
not easy to drive this car ride you need
to learn it first so we have actually
the CEO of the company gonna teach you
today guys the CEO of W Norris is gonna
teach me how to drive the like I should
drive these cars like you drive your
Ferrari this is more than just the sonic
Thor this goes like oh I like that
ah alright okay how do I start that's
the first question or at first thing to
know so this is the first six six-speed
sequential manual gear on a hyper cars
which is super cool what's that mean
which means it's a manual click with the
clutch so you have a clutch yeah we yes
and you have a brake pad and you have a
sequential near racing gear so this goes
plus plus minus minus and every time
with a clutch it's like racing a real
race car but on the road that's crazy to
change here I go buh buh buh with a
clutch every time he goes over here guys
this is a loud car I guess just listen
it sounds like something's gonna go off
whoo
no this car is loud down now that we're
in this car I have shown this feature
before in the vlogs but I'm sure most of
you might not have seen it this score
has the only hologram display so
basically the display system in the
middle is a hologram it's not a screen
it's like just air that you can touch so
this is the menu if you can see it's I
literally there's nothing it's air but
then check this out
what like this is air like if you look
at it from this angle you don't see
anything you can see it's like nothing
but then once you come here you can
swipe what because the whole like the
crazy celebrations going on outside they
closed off all the roads so we just
learn inside here yes we're gonna drive
the car inside the sharp like a meter so
hopefully nothing happens you can do it
but on your seat bills yes you could you
actually put on your seatbelt
whoa ha what happened oh my god no I
switched off the guy accidentally yo it
wasn't my fault
I was scared I was scared okay I can
drive man I can tell you scared you have
the seatbelt on in the showroom you need
training you're not getting this car
before you know I'm changing the title
of this video today ruin the lichen in
three seconds
my blook again you turn it up again it's
full what are you doing
how you gonna have a drive if you move
from there to honestly the good with
some people that was good
some people can't even move in meat okay
cut now honest this is how you drive it
yeah okay so now that I'm done driving
the car we're actually gonna open up the
back of the car so you can see it so
let's do this Oh oh my god okay so this
is where the engine of the car is guys
guys check this out
wait where's the engine engines right
here so you can see it's flat
six-cylinder right in the middle of the
car it gives a 50/50 weight distribution
this is where everything happens in the
back so the engine is under this carbon
fiber you see here and then here they
have the suspension and everything else
and I just love the way this car opens I
look at it it's like two blades that go
in the air
guys this is right there's another
birthday to row your birthday is
legendary this year okay what's
happening next year next year we have
something another real beast so for the
first time the promoters decided to go
on something it's something really crazy
at least the guidance safe cities of
so you know what one we made the car
dedicated foods oh my god this is the
car they're gonna release next year
damn that's coming out next year this
year can I get one we just received
actually another surprise there is
special gift Wow
you might not know but this is actually
sheds ayat' who is the founder of the
country and this year is actually
dedicated to him which basically means
that's the year of giving and we have
another new project is called Zayed the
inspirer so this is basically where
inspiration comes from and this year
stands for him so this is a really nice
gift
Wow thank you guys so much that is
amazing this is the UAE card don't
forget okay this is all from UAE guys
from here guys you remember last week
yeah talked about this VidCon from
faster dude I told you it's not in a
good condition because the guy flew into
a skyscraper so this is from the actual
movie and you can see they crash this
car like the whole front is ripped
because this is actually from the movie
bro this is not for sale and it has an
incredible value so you just keep it
here and certified by Universal as one
of the rarest super cars ever used
Wow guys look even the mirror has been
cut off when they're shooting the movie
so disk flew out the building that's one
of the cars are ultimately there are ten
cars of floor nine were completely
destroyed completely and the last one
that remains is this one that has to be
sent back so this is the longest Wow Wow
so as I said the plan was we were gonna
drive the car out today but unexpectedly
they had like a whole parade so yeah
unfortunately they're all you know how
to drive it kinda for now we're heading
out of here another big thank you to you
guys for making this happen so I
appreciate it and yeah thank you guys
right now after an amazing day to say
the least
honestly like today it's just been in I
can only describe it with sound effects
right now anyways I love you guys so so
much of an end of today's vlog here
smash the like button if you can't wait
for the like and to and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
Galliano
