yo everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today is kinda sad vlog
but it's not really a sad log basically
as you guys saw by the title of this
video I'm selling the Lamborghini
alright oh hold up I know there's a lot
of comments coming in already
we news rented oh my god you're exposing
yourself oh basically guys as you can
see this is my pick Lamborghini and the
reason I'm selling it guys is I made a
video like two weeks ago saying if I had
50,000 likes I'll sell this car alright
if this video hits 50,000 likes I'll
list my car up for sale pink and anybody
can buy it okay who's gonna buy that
keep the color that's everybody bro
so basically today I talk to my friends
at deals on wheels and I was like yo I
want to put my car in the showroom and
if you guys want to buy it you can all
right if you don't however then I'm
keeping the car all right so I'm gonna
I'm gonna give a time limit to it cuz
honestly I love the car so it's kind of
like a 50/50 at the moment so yeah yoga
squat today we're gonna go and put my
car in a showroom it's been a long day
without you my friend and I'll tell you
by the way guys we have a new security
guard in the house right now welcome to
mr. Roger basically my boy Ross is here
today I was like y'all want to sell the
car let's go together so yeah basically
it's been a fun like how long right
my car is clean man yo your squad if
you've ever wanted a pink Lamborghini
here's your chance to buy it mo vlogs
boom sign yeah if you guys want to have
a look it's a 2015 Aventador roadster
I'm not gonna try and sell you my car
because you guys know it's beautiful so
yeah just go check it out and good luck
to the people fighting for it if there's
anybody interested I'm sure they're
gonna be dying over this car guys these
guys my bet most like photo on Instagram
103 thousand
I'm gonna throw in something whoever
buys it I'm gonna drive it with them on
the first day if they want and they'll
definitely I'll blog you I'll hug you
okay basically if any of you end up
buying this car I'll actually come and
vlog with you guys to show who the new
buyer is that's if you want if you're
just like a big rich baller and doesn't
want to be seen I mean by the car just
enjoy it you know can I take one last
picture one with your nails this is your
last chance to get likes on Instagram
all right Roger Instagram photo come on
come on I know you won't
honestly I'm going through financial
situation so next up we're gonna sell
that
yeah bubbles bubbles has been up for
sale for two years nobody's buying that
guy I got one two three four five six
eight so as you can see me and my boy
Rachid are quickly gonna go drop this
car off bro are you gonna miss this car
you better change the code um do you
think I should keep it keep it to change
become like a rush it's saying like if
you guys don't buy it I'm gonna change
the color but - what color that can you
imagine the first ever supreme
Lamborghini
I don't feel good nothing be good don't
copy I joke you guys from now on if
there's anything supreme on a car I want
you guys to know Ross had started that
yeah go spend these icons Sabo I'm doing
it copy let's go let's go
all right guys so as you can see right
now I'm in side deals on wheels back
with my man Conrad what is up I
I'm sorry Conrad I have to sell the car
well I'm gonna get the Commission stuff
hey guys basically I'm gonna give the
car into his hands bro I just need one
thing can they park you over here
special car then to do convertible or
Falls gonna be right at the entrance I'm
gonna leave the car here for two weeks
okay there's a time limit on this car so
I need to set it injury and two weeks
what if I do it in two days in two days
I mean I listen this ain't even my
department guys this ain't my department
recently in two days better I think we
found the perfect car for auction red
t-shirt red Bentley but if you start car
shopping that's a game over for my vlogs
you're gonna take over he's gonna buy
everything he's gonna buy bugatti chiron
a few moments later right now we're
trying to find the house
the thing is Russia doesn't really come
here that often so he doesn't even know
where his own house is okay those were
try to find it bro if it's somebody
else's house we're going to like I'm
running
a few moments later yes yes oh my god oh
my god what what so basically for the
past half an hour we were recording a
sneaker video and this is what Rasha did
to the room look at this look at this
what have you done broke who took it
easy there's only me and you in this
room ready for this it's an accordion
book see how it's so messy guys guys
look at that you're touching a $5,000
$5,000 shoes bro can I borrow them for
one day yeah all right guys you used to
call me on my cell phone if you need
some easy my gosh rush it will never
know let's just take one pair let's just
take one pair bro I'm boring
I think we've officially destroyed your
bedroom but it's okay it's okay it was
worth it basically guys Ross is having
his main house renovated so he kind of
just chucked everything in this room
while that house is being made now
they're in another house
the thing is I actually have a quick
meeting with psychic for an hour heading
out guys I'll see you guys in a bit oh
yeah let's go yeah
oh okay so look where we are guys I just
made it to my man sigan and he has a
special car in surprise for us today
look at that Hebrew out the G four by
four square today guys
Oh leave moly what a beast bro why'd you
have this car I know why not bro I
thought you're on a diet I am I'm just
willing you know you're not doesn't
matter right now we've got a meeting
because it's time for me to start making
some money yesterday you already got a
nice daytime job a full-time job yeah
now we're gonna have meeting where you
can actually maybe set up your own
business
right now we just finished up with our
meeting guys pretty good honestly we got
a lot of like good ideas if that makes
it so who knows Moe blogs might have a
new business that competes with Sun any
car we do it
wait I was supposed to go to work today
did you go
am i fired are you firing give you
another five days maximum chance if you
have you have to prove yourself hey our
voice so finally back home after an
extremely long day before I say anything
in case I want to show you my cat okay I
know I always show you my cats as soon
as I get home but they're just part of
the family and they're so adorable guys
so check this out blood guys he's
actually sleeping in our mailbox hey
buddy hey buddy anyways now that I'm
home I feel like I need to talk to you
guys because I feel like the video I
made today it's gonna be controversial
in the case so basically if you guys
don't know well you do know because you
watch this video today I put my
Lamborghini up for sale okay now here's
the thing obviously if you guys have
been on this channel for a while you
guys know that I tend to swap my cars
around a lot okay I get bored very very
easily when it comes to cars and I feel
like because of that everybody's like
he's just renting his car is now as I
mentioned previously a lot of times no
guys I don't rent my cars the thing is
if I did honestly guys I have no shame
in saying that I would rent cars I
always tell you guys when I'm borrowing
cars for my friends and stuff like that
but honestly financially like the the
amount of time I keep my cars it just
wouldn't make sense to rent them for
that long if you know what I mean
and I feel like adults will notice more
but obviously my audience there's a lot
of you who are young and you might just
not be as aware like I don't know how to
explain you guys but it would be way too
expensive if I was gonna rent it for
that long but yeah there you go that is
the situation guys yeah for now I'm
gonna go to sleep I know this sounds
weird but I'm still sleeping on the
floor downstairs guys there you go
that's my bed so yeah times are tough
times are tough out here in the mold
blog spam you guys so yeah pretty much
that is it guys
if you're new around here click this
button to subscribe click this button to
watch my last video and as always I'll
see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
