yes just touch it to the white part
where it's more comfortable you're legit
crying yo what is up everyone welcome
back to another vlog so before today's
video starts I want to start out
everything with a little bit of good
luck so let's do this No
no no yes yeah no that is what you call
the start to a blog anyway what is so
everyone whoa I'm a beast I'm amazing
guys are back to back oh my god I'm done
I am anyways before this video starts I
just want to say if you guys are new
around here make sure to subscribe be
part of the family and let's just have
an awesome day together let's go okay so
if you guys don't already know like my
family loves cats like we absolutely
loved them to bits
and there's a stray cat outside our
house which is like tiny so you started
feeding her and it's just adorable like
she's the cutest thing ever
but she's scared of humans might look at
her guys look at her hello oh hi boys
over the first stop of the day I'll come
to the gadget store now the thing is I
want to buy a lamp for my bed but look
at how cool these lamps are all right
guys one they've got like a Star Trek
lamp a Superman lamp like they've got
everything you can imagine guys this is
the coolest one the Joker yo look at
this one guys it actually puts the
Batman sign up would dad okay so besides
from the labs they actually have a
really cool robot check this out guys
guys it's actually doing oh it's doing a
one-handed handstand guys it just did a
one-handed push-up anyways there you go
boys that is the robot this thing is
literally one of the coolest things ever
and you can actually program him to do
stuff for you so like imagine you can
make you like I know walk and get you
water oh you make maybe not that much
guys but you can program anyways there
you go that is the robot I really wanted
to show you just because it's so fun so
yeah ok so I actually found something
even cooler look at these guys they have
a jellyfish lamps over here oh my
goodness I don't even know how this
works
what anyways they have like a ton of
really cool stuff guys look at the top
one over there that's insane ok I think
I just found the coolest thing ever look
at this the world's smallest vacuum so
basically this works with a USB plug to
your laptop and like you know when you
have like food around your table you can
use this and actually like clean it
that's tiny honestly I'm the messiest
person so I could just have this next to
me all day ok boy so right now me and my
mom quickly came to eat some food but
the place we've come to over here we
used to come here every single day
literally every day and we haven't been
here for like one year so it brings back
so many memories it's insane oh my god
okay boys so right now he just finished
up inside the shopping center and
something crazy just happened okay and I
have my mum here as proof okay literally
so basically we quickly went over to the
cannon store because I wanted to check
if they have batteries and they just
gave me a free camera I'm not joking
what I think one of the managers gave it
to me as like a gift but they just
hooked your boy up with 730 HS which is
that one of their newest cameras and I
don't know what to do with it I might do
a giveaway
ah all right so the rules for this
giveaway are gonna be super simple if
you want to win this camera make sure to
subscribe and comment down below why you
want to win and yeah good luck to
everybody I know this sounds crazy me
and my mum are actually heading over to
the other shopping center and the reason
is okay now before I say anything I know
this sounds unfair the other day Tommy
Hilfiger sent me some free clothes yeah
yeah I know I know I know listen I'm
just saying it's been a lucky week for
me I know it's unfair but right now I'm
actually gonna go exchange the clothes
they set for me because yeah I I want
some other stuff I want something else
guys but they sent me some nice stuff
following me is following me stop what
the hell is happening today
look whose car I just bought over here
Bama sigan y'all chin yeah guys my guy
sigan came to the mall and he didn't
even tell me
okay sigan okay I see you it's not like
I don't know your plate number huh I
will find you I will find you and I'll
kill you
ah
are you here I said I'm gonna go search
for you and you walk out okay away so
somehow it took way less effort to find
sigan he kind of found me
yo yo yo yo yo hi guys so right now we
just came to the Tommy Hilfiger store
basically this is the jacket I'm gonna
be getting yes guys mommy won't pick
this out for me now the thing is as I
said come check this out guys a couple
of days ago I got this from Tommy
Hilfiger as I could gift but it was a
little bit too small for me guys so
instead I'm gonna get this yes very nice
I'm so excited today I've just been
getting free stuff all my guards I got a
free camera and not free clothes I'm
done guys listen sometimes in life you
just have to say thank God
Nantz Your Honor by Lenz's I want to
wear lenses - oh okay so right now me
and my mom quickly came inside the lens
store and were both buying lenses okay
so as you can see this is the colors
they have I'm getting blue and my mum is
getting a hazelnut guys or hazel I've
never tried two lenses in my entire life
I'm actually kind of scared because I
feel like it's gonna get stuck in my eye
now it just seems really creepy but you
have to get over your fears so a few
moments later guys
this is going to be in my eyes right now
yes just touch it to the white part
where it's more comfortable ah
if I put this in can I take it out yes
not in the beginning stage after a few
moments you don't know how to take it
out you know what I'm whipping out I am
NOT doing this I'm not doing this guys
no that's it you know what Lana's going
to wear my new lenses oh my god exactly
this is rubbish Reds oh my gosh it is
one in and out your eye you're legit
crying here love me how was I supposed
to do this okay this is a professional
are you sure that kind of stings a
little bit yeah bro that's it seems like
no pain right there
it hurts so much you started driven down
with other legs
it's just something don't put the
solution state it's putting salt water
in your eyes Crimea River the beach and
the salt what you goes in the eye that's
how it feels
all right guys I want to show my sister
something cool I bought I feel that many
would you use this Bordeaux you plug in
your USB slaw and just clean your table
Oh like you need that
ok so right now we connected this to my
laptop it's time to use this bad boy
pour it pour the salt pour the salt
or in WonderWorks are you kidding me
no look so nice guys there you go that
is the world's smallest vacuum Kingdom
oh my god guys that is the mold log salt
patterned Wow that you know you can
actually do a Picasso painting with I
mean you're not painting the castle a
nice painting you can actually draw
something Picasa this is like one of
those satisfying videos like oh yeah
that's it no that's it that's it I
actually feel chilled when I watch this
you really had to take it the extra mile
you really had to start something again
it just keeps getting better and better
I think we're done okay we're gonna do
something that might be dumb we're gonna
blow it from the middle so it's so cool
you know this could actually become a
new trend on the Internet I could
imagine people pouring salt and starting
this anyways we're gonna wrap up this
blog here and if you enjoyed before I
end today's blog I actually bought a
fake tongue and it's inflatable guys
that's very scary today's look here if
you have enjoyed guys make sure to smash
the like button honestly I just want to
say this week has been so awesome with
the support you guys have left we hit
two milestones on the same week my
sister is still playing with the salt
right now
and there's hair in this song but yeah
anyways don't forget I'm doing a
giveaway of a brand new vlogging camera
which I got today for free which is I
mean super awesome because I got it for
free and it's coming to you guys so I
mean it's like it's like a win-win
situation okay so if you want to win
that make sure to subscribe and comment
down below why you want to win it
I anyways enough to know this is my last
goodbye I'll see you guys tomorrow
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video and yeah I'm not
saying I'm bribing you but if you do
that you could win a camera a yellow
