happy 4 million to you happy to you
happy for me to mow blogs happy for me
to you yard what is a welcome back to
another vlog so today is a very very
exciting day I just woke up right now
and we are about to hit 4 million
subscribers whoa look at that
I literally just woke up right now and
almost like yes yes come on come on what
are you kidding me for people
unsubscribed at the same time we're
literally less than 20 subscribers away
right now
welcome back to the vlog I mean it not a
bad way to start a video than this we
officially hit 4 million today which is
insane so thank you guys so so much I
mean this is just aa guys 4 milli
million guys this is insane
anyways today's about me and also they
let's have some fun guys and yeah we did
it we go for me let's go whoa our voice
anyways today is about to be an exciting
day right now I'm actually heading out
to go to the finals of school's Got
Talent yeah
basically in case you guys forgot I'm
doing this show cool schools got talent
where I'm like the judge and today we're
recording the finals to that show guys
so right now I'm heading over there
we're gonna have a ton of stuff going on
they're gonna do hair and makeup for me
it's gonna be lit so let's go hi guys so
right now we just made it over here
we're about to start the show I'm just
doing my makeup and stuff like that you
already know so let's do this
what if I'm allergic to make up whatever
actually oh man let me start smiling on
the show it could actually happen
you never know unless you've got like
really good eyebrows yeah all right guys
so right now or a panel all the kids are
about to perform ot about to go down
good luck everybody I guess I mean so
far everybody's doing an amazing it's
going to be super super hard trying to
pick the winner by your life each time
they performing any better so hopefully
today we just see the final performances
under you make the best
yoyoyo
alright guys for the past two hours
we've been watching through all the
talents but I wanna give a shout out to
everybody here what's up what's up he
actually got me a really cool gift guy
so he's kind of bribing the judges check
it out BAM so thank you so much you are
amazing and everybody else here by the
way check out the place for doing this
guy's BAM this place is insane
anyways guys everybody's going for like
a little lunch break right now Gang Gang
Gang Gang your and you know yeah
honestly everybody's been amazing I'm
gonna eat some food right now and then
let's just keep the show on the road
right now we just finished with the
finals it's unbelievable we had to
somehow pick a winner it wasn't easy
we had three judges favorite and we're
not allowed to tell who the winner is
just yet
guys basically the show is coming out
next week and it was like you guys have
to see it to believe that now we're
heading out so I say goodbye charity
peace out
alright run right okay anyways boys for
now we just finished up with everything
the show is over
everything is wrapped up as I said like
a hundred times already stay tuned
whoa okay in case you guys don't know
how long I've actually been over here
it's currently seven o'clock and we
started at 2:00 okay yes my clothes are
over here we are honestly speaking I did
not expect that guys because there is so
much talent you couldn't even choose who
the winner is
oh yeah for now we're done over here the
good thing is I actually got a new
tracksuit so okay so before I leave guys
I had to get ash on the vlog say what's
up guys she is literally on the coolest
hosts she's nine years old ten nine nine
nine we got Noah and we have another
special guest towards
guys the lighting is amazing oh my god
so basically the show is finished right
now they did an amazing job on a seat I
suck at speaking guys when it comes to
show so they were like saving me the
whole time they're like okay and back to
the judges all that yes I'm not saying
that I told her to say this guy's but
she has some good things about me to say
yeah no you are so famous say more about
my personality really good guy and I
understand why kids go oh my gosh Moe
because he is so cool I'm a nice guy
come on KOMO you were an amazing
professional with a great pleasure to
work with you super awesome just wanna
say thank you guys and yeah thank you
young guys so right now my brother is
out and me and my mom wanted to surprise
him like with his four million
congratulations mini celebration if you
know what I mean so as you already know
my brother has become for many
subscribers on his youtube channel so if
you can see the living room we've got
like balloons all set up with four
million on it and of course we have the
massive billboards 4 million hopefully
yeah once everyone comes I'm gonna start
singing and we could just record his
reactions I'm sure he's gonna be happy
about this
surprise
was it was that your surprise
guys I just made it home right now and
they had a surprise ready for me all
four million subscribers there's gonna
be cut mo is gonna walk in again and
he's gonna do the scene where we pretend
he didn't walk in so let us thinking of
messing him that 4 million birthday so
hey I ready go happy 4 million to mommy
mode did the cat the balloon I so right
now I just made it home and they have a
little surprise for me guys and mommy my
god should be this is so beautiful I got
1 2 3 4 atoms in like a cow yeah alright
guys I want to dedicate this to my fans
and my friends and family that are here
right now and everybody say thank you
guys so much for supporting me and let's
get ten million by the end of next year
guys
and look at that cake thank you so it's
so sweet all right guys it's time to be
stuff alright anyways Oh jokes aside I
just want to say one more thank you to
every single one if you honestly you
guys don't realize you your watching
this video are such an amazing person
and so special to me because we're all
part of a family on YouTube and I feel
like the connection we have is strong
guys but yeah as I said guys don't
forget if you haven't already subscribed
subscribe right now because we need to
hit 10 million sometime in the future
guys so come on tell your family your
kids your wife's everybody okay guys
honestly this cakes look super super
dope and yeah thank you one more time
guys I'm just emotional right now guys I
love you okay so I quit you want to
changed up into my pajamas now the thing
is before I say goodbye to you I
actually got some really cool gifts
while I was in the mall so I want to
open these bad boys up and see what I
got it's a frame of photos of my sister
and Natalia okay number two
oh it's more photos oh I get so
basically there are ton of photos from
my mom and sisters birthday so that is
pretty awesome anyways as I said super
awesome getting those gifts guys I was
in the mall and a fan gave them to me so
huge shout out to you now that I'm home
I already said this like a hundred times
but honestly I can't express to you guys
how much I love you and the support you
guys have for me is just insane like I
know I say this every time I hit a
milestone we hear million two million
three and now four million like that's
if you got but yeah as always I love you
guys so so much I'll see two more for
another happy blog don't forget click
here to subscribe click you to watch my
last video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
