good morning what is up everyone welcome
back to another vlog how you guys doing
so first things ok so first things first
guys today is actually a very very
exciting day I actually haven't
mentioned to you guys what's been going
on for the past couple of weeks but I
might be setting up my own mow logs
office so some super exciting things
happening also secondly guys look at my
Mustang right now BAM I'm not sure if
you guys can see this there's like a
blue reflection on the wall from the car
like what it what is going on
yo alright guys so check it out right
now we just made it over to one of the
offices so as you can see it's literally
completely empty
you guys could imagine I imagine I'll
make like a little room for myself and
then maybe even like have like a couple
of people helping me out you know I
don't know guys I'm just trying to think
into the future
ba guys for now this is the first office
it actually has a really really nice
view you guys look over there well I
don't know why I could just imagine
throwing stuff into the water even
though it's probably illegal and not
allowed a few moments later good morning
guys welcome back to another blog right
now my brother's not feeling well he's
just he's seriously not okay something's
happened to his back
something is wrong with my back oh yeah
it's been happening for like how many
days now three days okay
we've tried to put some sort of cream I
don't know what is that mom what are you
doing you just i sir just not Burt in
Canada this is some sort of like mixture
that you pour onto your back that is not
wax it looks like you know it's like
Burt wax oh my god okay anyways like she
has some pretty exciting news for you
guys
my boy Roshan is back in town guys yes
he is officially back to Mumbai after
his holiday guys and right now I'm going
to go see him okay the thing is okay I
don't think I should give it away guys
let's just go I have some special
announcements to make on the blog all
right yeah so check it out we just made
it to my boy Roger I have a big
announcement because you might be
wondering where we are right now tell
them what's happening so I just lost my
money kicks website and I have my new
breath spray gun it's the best batter
we're ready for the back to the school
business is booming guys so basically my
boy just launched his website his new
branded bags sprayground which they have
in dubai the middle e in the home into
each like they own this stuff guys so
right now we are in the warehouse where
a ton of the bags are I want to show you
and how we start you know so they do we
stop shipping everything so first thing
I'll tell you that this brand is so
famous in America all the celebrities
with all that back I made a bag with
them are kind of down I Tony Brown name
or more said no Chris Brown this is the
first bag we're going to show you this
is the money bag guys so the offshore
account if you're on the money kick
store calm this is actually called the
offshore account duffle bag got the
Louie print with the money it's got the
cash we already know next cash for car
video I have to put my money in that bag
it has to be that secure the bag secure
the venom oh this one's nice the
platinum trip guys a for me yeah bro you
know I'm taking a ton of these bag guys
so moving all we had the camel pink
shark just got the camel you got the
shark mouth and the details in these
bags are unbelievable please these are
so comfortable like this is the hottest
bag around so you want to be cool and
have some swag when you start school
you better get you a sprayground so
thing is we actually have a ton of bags
but we're trying to show you the best of
the best IDs like this is literally like
a warehouse it's got the short and it's
got you feel the material materials
crazy
a mink so this is like a secure the bag
but we got some very special watching
gonna show on this it's also got secret
it has a secret bag so you can hide your
stuff put some cash this is one of my
favorites oh oh we're getting on to the
special stuff one of the best events
this one's called jungle lips very
popular bag for a wolf for the girls and
this is for Luna this is for Lana
it's a broken I get one of each bun feet
to the ball one of each on the website
back to the future so this is called the
LED bag so it has a battery inside you
just turn it on and it lights up you
have to show me Wow yo guys imagine a
light-up bag yeah like so yeah bro if I
don't see this tonight I'm not going to
sleep this is pretty good okay so we
skip past this one guys but this one
looks amazing bro how did we skip this
one this is sold out in the US I want to
show them something very special
are you ready guys so this is special so
this right here literally right now if
you go on eBay this bag right now still
on eBay for the daughters it's
completely sold out in the US and
everybody knew Marcus ordering these
please get us this yeah what the B
Senate this is called a shorts and pairs
down arcs in pairs we only have a few
laps ago so how much is the retail price
the retail this ones and us 200 so how
many can i order here to Japan camo so
right next door we have another room
that's crazy so its son quick it's
setting so get you it's selling like a
god anyways there you go boys that is
all of the bags honestly as I said we
didn't even have enough time to show you
all of them go check out the website if
you want to see them but wow you're my
boy are you killing it man you're
killing it you already know we're having
the holidays we're gonna have a lot of
collaborations maybe a money kicks bag
is gonna die
and we're gonna pull up with a new car
hey have you won
oh my god another line if you're wearing
a JanSport if you're wearing a Herschel
bag I feel sorry for you you better get
some swag and go get some spray come on
way better it's affordable and it's all
about the quantity so we just got the
batteries for the LED bag check it out
BAM wow wow wow wow guys you can't tell
me you don't like this bad bad speak for
themselves but yeah guys for now we're
heading out of here quickly wanted to
show you all of the bags and stuff
honestly just this warehouse is so cool
in itself like imagine like this is
Russia's warehouse so I'm just saying
guys one day what one day I'll be there
okay guys so right now we just made a
home now look who's here
why do you have a purple t-shirt are you
kidding me basically we just go back
home and right now we just did like a
little photo shoot with the cars look at
this I got hooked up with like
everything like this road this is $500
on eBay
yeah these guys going straight on eBay
anyways guys we have a ton of new bags
in the house we got blessed for now
we're gonna go eat peace out and enjoy
the bags enjoy the bags bye
yo I've voice oh right now we just got
over to the restaurant or eating a
basically this is an Indian restaurant
and it's super super fancy right you
guys that behind me look alike all the
decorations they have you're in the
blood gang gang gay guys who watches the
vlogs a shot at em ladies if you want to
go on a nice date Russians your guy rush
it is
yo hi guys my voice Shahab is also here
now basically it's time for the dessert
okay if you guys don't know they make
the dinner up on the table so right now
it's about to go down over here mommy
kicks oh my god oh my goodness I baked
the white jumpers we're ready
oh this is the best Easter I've ever had
so right now we just came out with the
boys guys look at money kicks over there
bombard it is school
we got the Ferrari we got the Lambo out
here gang game anyways we just finish
eating our food guys it's time to head
out let's go
squat squat squat as you can see your
boy has got a couple of new backpacks
basically my boy Ross had blessed me
with a couple of his and asked me to
listen these are all from me okay listen
I pretended like I'll do some I didn't
want to seem greedy sounds like three or
four my sentence in my face what are you
saying no no it doesn't work like that
guys anyways as you can see guys I went
and I people like the fucking keys this
is for you yeah seriously
yeah I swear that's for me okay I picked
this is definitely for me this is
definitely for me no these are mine and
as always I'm gonna wrap up today's look
here if you did enjoy make sure to smash
the like button by the way let me know
what you guys think do you think I
should get an office or do you think
it's a waste of money
I don't really know guys my financial
situation is not that great at the
moment itself
I know let me know what you guys think I
think I might do it guys because I feel
like it's time we just got something you
guys know what I'm trying to say but
yeah as always I love you guys so I'll
see you two more for another happy blog
if you haven't already click here to
subscribe click here to watch my last
video and I'll see you guys tomorrow
that sounded like an advertiser alright
