guess what it is no it's their paycheck
shut I swear this is somebody else's
then it's their paycheck are you serious
yeah I swear I swear my life oh yeah
what is up welcome back to another vlog
so how you guys doing I hope you're
having an amazing day
first things first guys I'm sick and
tired of my clothes yes for the past
like 5 months I've been wearing the same
rubbish every single day like it's not
even October anymore it's not even the
closest October and I still have the
same t-shirt because I don't have enough
clothes to change around I just want to
look swagalicious again okay don't get
me wrong my clothes are nice guys but I
just I need new things you know I just
feel like I'm recycling every single day
hashtag save the planet hash B hey guys
all jokes aside I feel like I used to be
that guy on Instagram that everybody
would look to to see what he's wearing
like Sam Sam like I used to have some
nice outfits guys but not anymore like I
feel like I honestly just kind of became
lazy and did I buy anything so basically
today I'm actually gonna do some
shopping or a lot of shopping hopefully
and yeah let's just go see what we can
find
okay before I go and do any shopping
guys I actually want to quickly open
something up when I was in America I
bought this the money snatch okay and I
never actually opened it so today we're
gonna see what it is
to check now basically you have some
fake money on the end of the rope guys
you just put on the floor okay and
whenever somebody comes to take it oh oh
yeah what you want the money guys you
want the money
Oh anyways boys for now I'm heading out
so let's go let's have some fun
and yeah let's do some shopping I got
one two three folks I see a guy so you
already know what it is
I told you I want to do some shopping
today and I needed the help of my boy
Ahmed oh yeah sure he is guys like look
at his what he's riding today the camel
pants the antisocial t-shirt I basically
he's gonna help me out to restart myself
look it's not even October bro it's a
no-go that's a fashion distressed yeah I
didn't pick them Stephanie Stephanie
hi so we just meet into the first store
guys and check this out one that is
insane guys there's so many I don't know
what it is recently all these t-shirts
that change color have come out oh my
god we have to get one birth we have to
get one when I see a girl when I see a
guy I'm gonna try this one on definitely
oh but it's super thick no bro we live
in Dubai man okay maybe we can get the
snake right now mo is changing right now
in the middle of this turret oh yeah
it's a bit too tight guys it shows my
body
alright someone's gonna try another
piece of clothing see you guys like a
mix between like a hoodie and like
something I can wear outdoor it's
actually decent guys
so most trying another shirt guys see
guys the floral patches been in recently
so this is the stop announcement is the
third t-shirt we're trying it's go like
a flower design this is different enough
you know yeah exactly
it has your basic white and with a bit
yeah exactly it's it's good and it's
decent
alright guys first purchase is being
made yeah
first two purchases a hybrid hi boy so
right now you've actually taken a small
break from shopping because my boy over
here he couldn't hold his belly we've
come to have some pizza quickly over
here it's like this American restaurant
they have like a ton of light I don't
know what people this artwork our
business the kind of photography on the
wall okay so right now we just finished
eating guys now we're gonna play a game
to see who pays the bill okay so we got
both our phones over here now we're
gonna let the guy choose
all he chooses they pay sounds good -
sergeant subsidized whoever for do you
think will fail
he told me that she picks
yes it was like last time okay we're not
working sir
I says he feels like I don't feel good
today
Arvin is cheating right now he's
actually cheating he's come to get some
pancakes yeah
you almost ran the lady or that's
because I got attacked by Muslim oh
there they are
oh there are the pancakes guys my boy so
basically right now they have like this
display going on in the middle of the
mall and you can actually buy these
properties and that big blue thing in
the middle
it sounds a weird saying it like that
well that's gonna be the tallest tower
in the world guys say yeah guys
basically in 2020 this is what the buy
is gonna look like kind of anyways right
now he just came to another store oh
that is nice oh my god yeah that's what
I'm talking about guys if only it was
cold in Dubai he found the coolest thing
ever guys you ready for this whoa guys
look at it it's purple
oh it looks really good especially the
jeans you know and it's got the
distressing it's called
distressing sure is right anyways guys
I'm gonna get this and this and I think
we can call that Dana and he wanted like
tees and stuff like he can
shopping done for the day shopping mugs
hi boy so it's been a successful day and
I'm officially saying goodbye to my boy
Ahmed so peace out for now peace out
guys by the way guys my boy Ahmed is
this close to 10k followers guys so I'll
put it in the bio BAM we're now heading
up home I want to show you everything I
got so let's go and I'll see you on the
other side I'm confused this is for
yourself yeah but I don't have new
clothes look
my clothes are expired October this is
the first thing I got are unique
troubling no because it's summer divine
harmony wear long sleeves yeah my like
in between no it's not this is actually
kind of cold these expecially a lot of
cheese
actually the signs Eddie this is the 30
jerk and now on to the last one yes and
this is the last thing I got guys oh
yeah I think all of them this is my
favor no it looks like looks like a
desert like by be done but yeah guys
there you go that is all of the new
clothing I bought as I said guys I feel
like you need to look fresh at all time
so make sure to follow me on Instagram
and if you want to check out my sister
boom yeah basically guys we're gonna go
back in time you know what my boy
mojitos at our house we actually
recorded a mail time and I never put it
out because somebody sent a check to me
that wasn't meant for me and I can
randomly should I put this out should I
know
is this illegal but then I realized like
I don't care you guys sent it to me so I
can put it out see ya guys right now
we're gonna go back in time and I'll see
you guys in a minute
okay guys so right now my boy boy he's
just told me that's open some bad man
what are you don't open it yes when I
just open I get basically I was opening
this because I thought it's a letter
like I don't want to show name this is
not meant for us
what do you mean this is somebody else's
pure water dude don't open it then no I
accidentally opened yeah I guess what it
is
no it's their paycheck shut I swear this
is somebody else's it's their paycheck
are you serious yeah I swear I swear my
life oh shoot guys look that's actually
somebody's checks from February until
now I never do this is with us oh so
this is another number
it's not even or no it happens by
mistake
okay I mean it's useless nobody can take
it guys what if it's fragile that's four
letters inside oh my gosh dear Donna you
are so beautiful
did you teach me how you do your hair
hello he's talking to his girlfriend
right now loves you yeah that's my girl
that was a girl oh why don't see golden
ring blood I've got a golden ring oh no
that's it I'm done yeah take it off guys
Lord is really stuck by doing big shout
out to Mike before all of this man that
we just opened and the ring bangle stuff
is mine alright so we're in a weird
situation right now somebody sent a
letter to key in bubbles okay dear Kitty
and bubbles Meow Meow Meow Meow Meow
Meow Meow Meow Meow Meow Meow Meow Meow
Meow guys fan fan mail gets more
interesting day by day alright we are
back in the future anyways there you go
boys that was our little fan no opening
we legit got somebody's check like an
actual check guys know this thing this
thing is actually a check guys just to
show you obviously I don't want to give
away all their information guys but look
at this 787 I'm
super-sorry to whoever check this
whiskers unfortunately is put in my pure
box but I'm gonna go put it back I'm not
even sure if it's expired or not loud I
know how long checks lost but that
that's a bummer like as actually a
bummer guys I imagine your your check
going to somebody else and you just
can't find it anymore but yeah there you
go boys pretty much that's all I've done
today I just wanted to change up my
wardrobe I think this looks dope guys
let me know what you guys think anyways
as always guys want to wrap up today's
look you click here to subscribe click
you to watch my last video if you're
awesome you would have done that right
now so yeah go do that and I'll see you
guys tomorrow yeah
