good morning yo yo everyone what is up
welcome back to day 2 in Spain so right
now I just woke up and I'm heading
downstairs I was the worst day ever
this bed is so small for two guys
anyways today's actually gonna be a
really really cool day right now I'm
heading downstairs because all of the
youtubers are getting together and I
think there's a bunch of stuff going on
so let's go and let's just have some fun
oh hi guys so right now I just made it
downstairs and you won't even believe
what's down here guys I show them ya
guys
they have our pictures Oh No check this
out so that's my boy mmm Oh Shia as I
say mmm Oh Shia yeah
forshay over there I'm over here and
they had to use the best picture of your
boy with the cash oh yeah there's
another one there's a lot there's a
girls now you say guys
they say that that's me that's some
girls I told you okay I get girls bro
okay I think their own pose they wrote
this down there what can I say what can
I say
literally they have the best boner ever
look guys my boy I made it here look
there's a photo of him right there so
I've seen to open one here and one there
you know this kid bro it looks identical
this is our first time meeting I will
divide we're homies now that's it yeah
anyways I think the summit story they
keep on telling me let's go let's go
let's go what's happening alright guys
so basically right now we just finished
with our first session of talking we're
in there for like three hours and get
lots of cool YouTube matches go check
wait how are you guys what is this
YouTube waterboxxes I'm not sure for
allowed to take this but we found some
really cool YouTube warbles so this is
awesome are we allowed to take this
we'll find out I wanted guys I'm keeping
it alright so right now we finished with
all of the lecture things going on guys
and I want to introduce you the special
guest so long when did you start YouTube
Joe as years I was a nice hot sauce I
try it just to put your finger you
really early in Spanish hi guys he's
gonna try and kill me on the blog ready
there's a try with me okay I'm gonna try
later bro drive more than that oh
yeah who needs more food we're going
we're going rollerskating later by the
way anyways basically we just finished a
soapy sounds you guys a little bit okay
I can't lie that's my sheathing is
hitting me right now I need some water
okay so right now actually want to show
you guys somebody very influential
I'm here with Reza Arvid
I'm not Reza am I broke on R is Emma
since he can't get my name right on me
tell you straight his channels now cool
breeze vlogs you know I'm sawing
experience in this I'm looking in the
wrong place a little I'm looking down
alright thanks
he knows how to do the camera I know how
to do the names here that's how we're
gonna do it in our this is now Moines
breeze vlogs new channel come soon come
hi guys with my friend Ross had finally
made it over to us I'm taking him
freerunning right now they're making a
sign a form to say if we get hurt free
running they're not responsible guys so
we should probably read it before he
signed if you die we are no
responsibility thank you YouTube thank
you guys he's joining us freerunning
he's all ready for him I am ready I that
this is why I came I didn't come from
the summit I came for the free run like
that
a few moments later no guys were dying
we're dying right now we're walking to
the park where we're doing free running
this is torture any convoke
okay I know I sound like a wimp guys but
I give up for now we're actually gonna
head off the freerunning session because
they're doing too much running and it's
uphill so I think I'm gonna pass for now
down here we really go downhill and
explore Spain so bye to all the
youtubers anyways right now we're
actually gonna head out to go explore
Spain a little bit guys so we're gonna
go see what they have over here go to
like the central shopping centers and
just maybe like buy a Rolex because I
heard it's cheaper here guys I get
probably probably not a Rolex but some
clothes
welcome so right now we just made it
into the center of Spain this is where
all of the shops are and everything
pretty much so right now he just came to
the store and they have the most meat
I've ever seen guys what
that's old beach of the city well you
thought nusrah had me in Dubai this is
like mr. a 2.0 right now we're actually
going around the streets of Spain trying
to find out where we are honestly I have
yet lost we have no idea what to do a
few moments later yeah I so now that
back at the hotel right now I'm actually
gonna do something really cool basically
you guys remember this box that they
gave me okay I'm going to customize the
You Tube jacket all right oh yeah so you
guys remember they gave me a YouTube
jacket when I got here guys so right now
we're gonna go downstairs and I get to
make my own custom jacket all right
let's do this okay so right now we just
made it over to the section where you
customize the jacket basically you
choose anything you want and you put it
onto the jacket this is the man that was
teaching us parkour I left because I was
too lazy okay so basically I have no
idea how to customize a jacket so the
most Kezia she's gonna teach me how it's
done right
so if I iron this will stick on no way
alright guys so right now I just
finished up with my jacket thank you
very guys helping me out tonight I'm
gonna get the jacket guys
actually you know what my whole purpose
for this trip was I'm trying to find a
wife or to stay that's like the whole
purpose I came here for so if you find
anybody or no
right now it's time to go through on the
skating but look who we have my boy we
ain't raining of swag guys I'm not gonna
lie that Jackie looks really nice on him
do you think I shouldn't do it their
company combined yours because I love
you
yeah bra bra bra guy call me
quick we need to have dates first you
know and I'm trying to find a wife
looks like huda beauty has competition
now who is not the same anymore
ichi marine back on today's vlog
basically we're going to be skating
together there we go Cinderella bows
who are you bro
I gotta recognize
oh my god what is going on right now
hi guys so right now you've actually
come to explore the city look over here
is it guys night everything goes down
here
six hours later alright guys so we are
finally back over at the hotel room
right now and it's time for the moment
of truth
check out my jacket Oh guys look at this
oh because the mo logs custom jacket you
know I can't lie I ruined it bro this is
not a soup I wanted to wear it
crops pause bedtime I have no idea what
I did I just chucked a load of them on
there and I told the lady to stick it on
I can't lie it kind of looks unique guys
so there you go that is my new jacket
anyways YouTube left us a special box
guys
what is this guys they know they know
put some respect on my name look what I
stole from downstairs YouTube water
bottle alright I stole it I don't think
I'm supposed to take it anyways I'm not
gonna lie this trip is actually been
super super fine guys also being a ton
of new people and yeah like honestly
I've met so many youtubers and it's so
cool because everybody does like the
same thing if you know what I mean so
yeah anyways as always guys I'm gonna
wrap up today's look here if you have
enjoyed smash the like button or we're
gonna go to sleep again in this tiny bed
bye say guys anyways now I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow
and as always Yolo
