yeah
Oh stealing is stealing mister yo yo yo
what is up everyone welcome back to
another vlog so I'm starting out today's
video my boy mo he's and we have a
special video for you guys today again
I'm not sure if we're allowed to be
doing this or if it's illegal basically
right now ok we've come over to the toy
store where there's a lot of kids and if
you can see in my boy's hand we got some
money guys today we're gonna be leaving
money on the floor in the toy store and
we want to see if any of the kids will
pick it up ok so let's see if this
generation has any robbers in it ok
first bait is 2 dollars ok this is the
first bait well he's you know what to do
hi guys I check it out there is the $2
and well he's put it down right over
there
okay my boy got robbed okay no meet me
okay basically guys I think the lady
working here took it but I'm pretty sure
she took it to lost and found a few
moments later oh he got the lottery
right
what did they get that like they should
get like a reward now shoutout to the
toy store you have honest people working
here should we like double up on it or
now three dollars five dollars or what
if they take it I will do five dollars
we're upping the stakes we are upping
the stakes right now my boy I guys round
to five dollars this time
guys this is failing every time we put
the money down
there's too many honest people in Dubai
this is what failure looks like Mohit
has to steal his own money guys my boy
mo he's is playing with a flying drone
what are you doing they say that you're
fine you're not really funny okay guys
so right now we actually ended up buying
some stuff from the toy store let
support meet yay we're getting some
Disney Disney stars right now we just
got some Disney stars for wonder yeah we
got Jake Paul Jake fool I said that he
said that okay back to the social
experiment okay so he actually has three
of these things guys they cost us wonder
him yeah apparently there's a Disney
star in them yeah just like Jay Paul oh
wait you know fired
I like to Jake's my boy stay smart boy
oh there's Jake good God Almighty baby
we got Mickey Mouse everybody we got a
toilet so today on Mo's toy review we
just got a bunch of toys guys look at
them do soku it's Mickey Mouse
so right now we're actually heading off
to my house but my boy will he's
betrayed me unlock your phone unlock
your phone are you it says lo games are
you kidding me oh my oh my god my boy
screen saver says lucky bro you're
staying here bye bye I'm leaving it's
been same yes we got a no print screen
my face I like that that's my boy that's
my boy I am straight that's how I
explain it I'm a dude that likes girls
that's totally normal that's my boy
high-five let's go on so right now I'm
taking my boy home I know this is weird
I'll see you guys once we get home
together all right guys I'm just getting
ready and my brother has arrived to the
house with his friend you can see more
right there let's quickly go and prank
him okay this is awkward guys I'm here
right now and I love pranks so let's
think of something how about we poop on
our car me and my boy mo he's are trying
to think of a prank right now hey guys
so we just stole off a genius prank
right now okay basically because of the
situation that happened this week you
know how somebody tried to rob our house
guys kind of sucks but we could use it
to our advantage because my sister she's
still like kind of edgy because of the
whole situation so we're gonna do a
robbery prank on her and my boy Mohit
and I'm gonna start banging on the
window and then she'll probably gets
good robbery Brian let's go alright guys
I'm just gonna come out of the back
and thinking like the burglar is
backwards
we came to write you guys for these
leaders okay they did get us this time
okay yeah I'm gonna lie Lana got us this
time but look at what we got
BAM
hashtag response
you're basically we tried to do a social
experiment like okay so right now I was
just counting the $1 there's blood on
this $1 guys maybe can they see that you
guys see that there's actually blood on
this one daughter you know like somebody
could actually died a few moments later
is that all you guys got oh my gosh and
you make you complain about me being on
how they order some food online know
what I mean with boxing abuse on a
ten-year-old 50,000 likes in 24 hours
I'll go to jail for child abuse yeah
alright anyways boys but now we're I
should saying goodbye to my boy boy he's
soul he's gonna go I'm certain we'll see
you next time
such a good friend yo alright guys so
right now I know he falls forward it a
little bit in the vlog but basically
I've actually come out my friends
Roxanne Italia to have some dessert as
you can see the pink Lamborghini is over
there but I want to show you something
really cool in this parking basically
you guys know I've been looking
forgetting a Tesla
by the way that was a Maserati these two
are actually reserved just for electric
cars so if you had like a Tesla or
something you could charge it over here
yes guys literally free of charge I
imagine it's basically like giving out
free petrol we're gonna charge Natalia
right now electric yeah yeah about that
we need to give her some dessert guys
because she's upset a little bit Lana
didn't come out so she's missing Lana so
my boy Rockets here aka we have the same
haircut right guys I don't know what the
same you've got the same line in our
hair it's called twinning it's a thing
now hi guys so first dessert just made
it here in Italia is having jelly so
this is the moment of truth guys okay I
came out for one reason only and it's
for this dessert the ham I let's see
does the jelly taste nice
ah our voice Oh finally home and you
guys already know the drill if you're
part of the squad this is where I tell
you guys goodbye on the vlog but I need
to talk to you guys a little bit before
I say goodbye honestly today I released
a blog saying that somebody tried to rob
our house now you guys have seen already
and honestly I was like as I mentioned
in that video I didn't want to like
bring the vlog down or like make it
super dramatic and stuff like that I
could have done that him like yo oh my
god somebody robbed our house but I
didn't want to let it get to the vlog
and honestly it's just so sad cuz I'm
saying comments like oh look it was fake
it was for the views like guys if I
wanted to break my own window for views
trust me I would have made it all
dramatic it's just sad to see when stuff
like this happens people just assume
it's for the views or it's you know it's
for the drama and I feel like that's
what YouTube has come to now I honestly
I'm not trying to defend myself in any
way it's a shitty situation that
happened somebody tried breaking into
our house but guys don't think that
everything on YouTube is for the views
like we are humans we do go through
things but yeah guys I love you guys all
most of you are amazing anyways thank
you guys for the positive feedback I'll
turn if you guys said get a guard dog
which is probably a very smart idea so
let's see how it goes but as always I
love you guys so so much if you haven't
already click here to subscribe click
here to watch my last video and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
Galliano
