Oh
good morning what is up your your
squatter welcome back to another vlog
now I'm actually starting out today's
vlog I'm getting a haircut right now but
I'm actually getting it a place where
I've never been before okay so basically
this place is meant to be like a super
fancy salon that I'm kind of nervous
because I don't like giving my hair to
new people but my friend recommended it
I'm gonna go try it out and if I look
good in the next couple of minutes
hopefully that's the case okay okay so
right now I've just stopped finish guys
but this is the lost bar
do you see that we're drawing me in a
beard why do you see that y'all tell me
that does not look awesome guys oh my
god
guys I'm not sure if you realize what
just happened right now I have a fake
beard I actually have a beard right now
so that's all so I right now we're going
to do something really really painful
they're going to wax my nostrils okay I
know it looks like I've got through
surgery right now guys but this is wax
so the final touches are going to be to
waxed my eyebrows guys as you can see
this oh I'm sorry I touched
oh my god oh my god what city the thing
okay guys so literally it's been two
hours and we look the exact same what we
came here at five o'clock and it's seven
o'clock right now and my haircut is
complete
honestly I actually think I look really
really nice so yeah there you go guys
that is my to our transformation this is
what I look like and let me know what
you think and okay let me show you the
coolest part if you guys look at my hair
there's real gold in there
like they sprayed on this gold thing
it's insane
Oh once you pull the hair cut
yeah really nice anyways there you go
was on fire back home right now that is
my beauty hair shut up okay so here's
the thing guys basically I'm sure all of
you know our good friend Natalia she
came back from holiday like a week ago
we went up and we go
you know what up on base to you guys you
came back from holiday and got us a ton
of gear so thank you so much
you're amazing we love you honey from me
we're going to open all the gifts right
now to see what we got and yeah let's
get straight into the opening it wait is
any of this for me read you know they
asked you how are you say that you're
fine they're not really funny you just
can't get into a new things mm-hmm she
go to rudolfensis
what it's a doughnut supposed to look
like me I can see the resemblance bro
basically if you guys don't know what
I've rooted all is like if you hit it it
hits the person boom boom you supposed
to feel that oh so like okay basically
guys somebody in Lebanon actually drew
Lana on a hat and gave it to us so thank
you so much uh
oh no way I just got the mobile teacher
okay so Shelby show me guys look at that
I saw it crazy look at that oh it looks
so good you shot to ruin it for the Hat
appreciate it so so much this is
beautiful I know right
Wow and even the doll she made the doors
for bridge dollars oh yeah
she's made the doors for birth you guys
I swear I've never seen it a nicer
drawing on a hat I know her hey like
this is legit nurse right here alright I
said look at the detail that's gone into
this hat like this is insane and even my
system oh and look it's got beets on it
provides it's got earrings it's got a
necklace on the areas that could kill
you guys you got a ton more stuff I gave
what else did we get thank you nice idea
so it seems like she got some sort of
like scarf or dress oh oh look at that
this is the freakiest thing I've ever
seen in my life
guys okay basically this is supposed to
be good luck Oh what is that what what
we got - good luck symbols guys you're
trying to give us bad eye through the
vlog you can't do it anymore
okay I won't want a few guys to send bad
luck my way right now okay three two one
zero
your bad luck will get to me anyways
basically my sister loves like this
icing yeah is apparent I know guys like
it's just like a belief where it gives
you good luck so yeah anyways ordering
sighs thank you so much - Talia starting
my best friend that's my best friend not
your best friend doesn't over thank you
wash it
oh no guys that's it our little Mel time
for today okay basically guys right now
right Yuma do a little time warps okay
we're gonna go back in time okay I know
it sounds weird but three days ago we
actually recorded like a really cool
show okay I'm going to say show in our
house I recorded this little mini show
thing in our living room it's like a
talent show so I want to see how you
guys like it okay let's go back in time
rule
yo yo yo what is that everyone won't
come back now today's video is actually
going to be very different
and it might be the start of a series on
this channel now today me and my sister
are actually going to be judges on most
canon our first contestant is actually
one of our very dear friends Natalia and
I don't want to tether story for you
guys I'm going to let her come in and
say older self but welcome our first
contestant the time you saw me I will
come tell us about yourself I'm a
husband venture I decided to be school
second stages your time
anyways they go boy those are little
most got talent show let me know what
you guys thought was emotional was there
enough drama is to her yeah that doesn't
it you know that voice that my gosh yes
amazing bear guy since I do have this
really cool hairstyle I'm actually going
to head out today I mean listen you guys
know your boy looks good so I might as
well use this opportunity to try and
find the wife while I have this haircut
listen you can stay single over them
normally like you know brothers are
supposed to be protective but at this
point in my life like if any of you are
a decent man over the age of 27 taker
just take back a few guys know if
anybody which is very rich and what are
the criteria doing it listen listen my
criteria is you have to be rich
intelligent oh Michael and famous
alright boys so as I mentioned right now
I'm actually heading out to go see my
friend Raschid the thing is guys I know
why as I said I have a new haircut so I
actually kind of want to show it when I
go out anyways as you can see over there
we have everything under control now and
you guys might be wondering what I mean
the thing is guys as I mentioned
yesterday because of the situation that
happened yesterday we have to kind of
get more security to the house now I
really would say good luck to me I'm
trying to find a wife
hope so oh hi boy so you might be
wondering where I am right now basically
I came out to see my friends and I
didn't end up finding them but instead
there's a random guy asking me for a
ride I always exercise guys I just
chilling my friends outside move look
thank you for you're right I want to
tell all your friends and move
the best yes best out of the best no the
best
Victor has I hate this guy's track my
boy saw a Rolex Oh where's my Rolex
it's coming that's why I'd like you go
doesn't even go to work hard formal work
hard play hard hi guys so right now I
just made it back home and it's super
super late it's like 3:00 a.m. right now
I was out until Nate but since the
situation has happened our security is
super super other ok so I'm going to
open the gate and hopefully if he is
alert he's gonna like quickly come to
see who it is ok so I'm going to turn
off the lights guys so he doesn't see me
recording hi guys so I'm going to open
the gate and let see if he comes
okay the exact average so as always I'm
going to wrap up today's vlog here but
before I say goodbye I want to touch up
on the situation that's happened a
little bit more as you guys have seen
I've been talking to you guys constantly
about what happened and somebody trying
to break in now honestly it's not a big
deal because nothing really happened
they just broke a window and after that
they ran away since there was somebody
here but as I mentioned guys honestly
the reason the reason I'm even bringing
this subject along so much don't worry
it's not because I'm trying to get the
attention or anything like I know a lot
of people always think like is this a
core is this drama no honestly guys as I
mentioned it has happened before even
worse to be honest but the reason I'm
bringing up I just want you guys to
realize like sometimes it is you just
need to keep yourself safe and I know
like especially with me like don't get
me wrong I'm not trying to say I'm
famous or they're attacking me no that's
not the situation I just feel like
sometimes you just need to be careful
what you show online especially guys I
know I show a lot of like luxury things
like cars and stuff like that but I
don't really feel like that should be a
reason where anybody sees that like oh
that's our target like the things I show
my orders to even I'll joke you my
friend all that yo what are they going
to steal like my shoes that's probably
the most valuable thing I have in my
house so it's like it's I don't even
know if it's because of that where
people like Target today I don't know I
don't know guys
hey guys as always I love you guys so so
much and everything is good Qi
everything is good we good we safe guys
but yeah I thought I just finally
addressed it one more time just so you
kind of go on understanding where my
head is but yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow I love you guys so so much if
you did enjoyed today's video smash the
like button and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo Oh
