good morning guys welcome back to
another vlog today me and my brother
about to head out to a really cool car
event let's get let's do this as my
sister said today is a really really
cool car man it's about to go down we're
actually taking two Lamborghinis so
we're taking my sister's Lambo and my
Lambo so we're gonna quickly unwrap this
bad boy now let's go oh yeah look at
this we're unleashing the Beast today
today's event should actually be very
special so let's just go and have some
fun
alright guys so check it out we just
made it over to the event as you can see
we just made it in time all the cars are
heading out oh my god
hey guys it's a ton of cars over here
literally flooding the streets we are
back in action and here is good for now
everybody's heading out I need to catch
up so let's go yo we legit lady just on
time you don't even realize there's
about 50 Lamborghinis guys but there's
also under cars
Oh
ok so I think everybody has calmed down
a lot right now so we're just cruising
down the street just chillin right now
the thing is I'm not exactly sure what
the plan is today I think that they're
going to be revealing that new
Lamborghini Huracan de perfil mente or
however you say that they've guys I
serve we brought the windows because the
cars are so not look at this I'm gonna
bring now that we know
you see what I mean I take the window
down for one second and it sounds like
an explosion is about to happen with
these cars
there is still on our way to our
location guys as I said we're going to
another city so it's a really really not
drive I have a heart
you
hi guys I think we are officially over
our location now everybody is kind of
stopped in the road so I'm pretty sure
this is where we're supposed to come but
Wow right now all of the cars have
parked up I have no idea what's
happening but we're all on the side of
the road what's up
anyways guys look at this stalls squad
is out here okay so I think all of the
cars have just made it here right now
we're about to take off again y'all this
is madness
anyways boys right now we just made
Solano yo that was insane
I don't have better oh my god oh wow hi
guys so right now he just made it over
to the location and wow wow wow this is
what you call car heaven and down
oh look what's here guys
look what's okay in case you guys don't
know what that is right there that is
the Lamborghini Huracan perform ante so
the brand-new Lamborghini which I told
you we're coming here for and it just
pulled up Wow look at that
Oh guys I absolutely love the exhaust
son if you guys can see they've changed
it up damn well yeah as I mentioned boys
we just made it over here honestly guys
it's just been so much fun today driving
around and whenever you have this many
Lamborghinis involved it just puts a
smile on your face guys this is
officially the first ever test drive of
the new Lamborghini for a why are we not
in there because we're going in oh we
have to sign I don't sign documents bro
oh my god you got one of those as well
only VIP customers guys on it okay
basically guys are actually test driving
this car right now so all of us can
actually register to take it out but I'm
22 years old I can do it yeah okay let's
just tell me tell them um oh okay guys
so this is actually also a new
Lamborghini this is the Aventador s over
here and as I said today we can take
these cars out for a test drive
but yea guys basically we're just
chillin over here with all the cars as I
said just so much excitement over here
oh oh
guys look at that that is a 2018 car
yeah like it's from the future okay
we're about to head inside but I gotta
show you there's more beautiful cars out
here so let's go have a trip welcome to
my garage guys today I decided to bring
out all my cars I don't know we like to
flex or show off you watch my life today
as a yellow man you remind yourself I'm
not gonna mention who it is the guy who
introduces his welcome to my garage here
my gosh
oh my god she's wearing a Rolex guys oh
my god you're so rich that's my boy
that's the Aventador S right there very
good it that's insane man all right boy
so we're finally gonna head inside right
now we've actually been out here for a
while just admiring all of the cars but
as I said there's a ton of cars we have
to show you as many as we could oh
there's a golden one by the way this is
actually from Lamborghini themselves so
they just parked it up over here Wow hi
guys so right now we're getting some
food over here we actually have a
barbecue going on Natalia's kindly got
me food watch to become big you know
reading you did you pick up my join me
to become big she's trying to just
trying to get the girls away from you
guys she's I am oh blogs as a player
right now
alright guys so for the past two hours
we've just been chillin over here
I actually didn't show you much but
we're actually at a really nice hotel
look at this place guys the thing is we
could have brought swimsuits but I'm
kind of embarrassed cuz a lot of the
people here I know so I imagine me
swimming while they're just chilling at
the beach oh yeah guys right now we're
just chillin over here at the hotel like
literally as I said the events been
crazy so far and it's just such a nice
environment especially because we know
like a lot of the people here ok I
actually want to introduce you to one of
my friends while I'm here guys what's up
he's the guy that went crazy on the
aventador s so this is my guy whenever
you want to test the car he has to sit
next to you cuz he kills it guys he's
awesome selves but first but first
follow him guys thank you there's a
ladies listen that's your guy you just
got busted by Aventador ass the
Aventador ass oh my god
okay okay okay our voice there a couple
hours later everybody is leaving now
we actually had a super super fun day
over here as you can see the whole gang
came like we all pulled up bro man this
is Dubai
we didn't even test drive the new cars
okay we got the blogaid the thing is we
can test ride them they Iran hopefully
but like today we have the chance to all
test drive it but we were just too busy
like just chillin and stuff but yeah yo
look who we have here
princess Natalya you ready now
he looks bit and then you put it on
earth that's a good luck it's good luck
my mum does that all the time
calm down calm down calm down calm down
this is cargo abuse to their car got
abused imagine even stop stop stop stop
get out now guys this is madness right
now holy moly guys that was insane bro
bro that started all because of you one
person cause mayor yo you destroyed it
oh my god
alright boys so right now we just
stopped by the gas station to get some
petrol with my boy Roger hey hey hey
basically you guys look at this
all the cards are waiting so we can all
go together back to the Bible but
honestly listen guys there's one car I
want
it's his Aventador SV he's gonna give it
to me one day free of charge oh we are
finally back home after a crazy day wow
wow wow wow that's the only thing I can
say okay so first things first I want to
say thank you to everybody at the event
today was actually a really fun event
light it was more enjoyable than a lot
of them I don't like every event is
enjoyable don't get me wrong but today
was super fun I don't know if it was the
drive those the people but it was a lot
of fun so yeah shout out to Lamborghini
for the event guys okay we're about to
open some fan mail that saw you guys
brought and yeah let's open this oh oh
my gosh hi boys so now that we're home
as my sister said where it clearly open
up some fan mail so let's get into this
fan Bell oh yes so nice wow that's
actually also your shout out to say
y'all biz so
alright guys this is the final one is it
Lana oh my gosh oh wow I feel like they
put way more effort into it look look at
the effort enough of mine isn't in my
car well did you read you like GTR so
they made your dream come true by making
it a GTR right y'all let's stab you with
this piece let's stab you well guys look
at that Wow even a customized key bro
yeah you don't have that ok guys the
only thing is her face kind of looks
real good yeah I can't draw it anyways
guys anyways that is absolutely amazing
I can't lie thank you so much for that
fan mail ok boys now that we are home
after a crazy day we're actually gonna
end up today's blog here basically
somebody came and dropped off all these
gifts on our house while we're gone
honestly today was so much fun just
chilling I'm trying to think of a cool
outro for your video so like yo but yeah
as always I love you guys so so much if
you haven't already joined the family go
down below and yeah as always I'll see
you guys tomorrow
hey yeah yo yo
