no message they're trying to break the
winning three to one
yo yo yo guys welcome back to another
look what is up everyone so welcome back
to another vlog today we are starting
the vlog with me and my sister and we're
gonna start out the vlog with a little
throwback now the thing is there's a
reason I'm standing next to the
Lamborghini now I was going through my
computer guys and about a year ago me
and my sister had a race between a GTR
and her Lamborghini
in that video we recorded something
amazing which I never released until now
my sister's Lamborghini got stuck in a
sandstorm oh yeah remember and I
literally never released this footage
until now so this is what it looks like
to have a Lamborghini stuck in a
sandstorm check this out yo oh my god
guys oh my god wait a sandstorm oh my
god do I go yo guys oh my god guys
there's literally a sandstorm
that's awesome no I'm gonna go catch it
be right back oh great
that is awesome guys yo tomatoes out
crazier and crazier every second damn a
sandstorm did you see that that was
insane anyways guys there you go that is
our throwback for today
I love how my sister awkwardly stands
here like yo yo what's happening guys
I'm in the vlog but I don't want to be
here here let's start the day guys today
we have a ton of things you want to do
we're heading out right now to do some
shopping and stuff like that and later
in the vlog I'm gonna do another
throwback for you guys so stick around
alright let's continue whoa look at that
car oh my god okay so right now me and
the fam just made it to the shopping
center
there's a beautiful BMW i8 here you know
it's been a while since I've seen a yi8
classic yeah smart smart yo yo I know
guys is that Nana Nana is that you
we just made it to the mall and there
isn't
that's an inanimate down below if you
think that looks like a Nana
yo I miss her I miss her Nana guys damn
whoa what is that how does that how did
you even get that how did you get a
caterpillar out of that organism do you
see those ends movie looks like a mouth
you see that that does nineteen that
doesn't look like a mouth
how okay you're just getting dumber all
right let's go let's go guys
I just tried to show you that really
cool thing they have in the middle of
them all that is awesome
so we found something even cooler in the
mall guys check this out so in case you
guys don't know what this is this is
actually gonna be the world's tallest
building like this is actually something
they're building in Dubai and it's gonna
be the world's tallest even taller than
the Burj Khalifa an Asian
hey guys I don't know what that is at
the top but that's kind of spooky why is
there a big group of people down there
bro
the way tourists move around and Dubai
there's somebody always holding a flag
and leading them guys so look you see
that the guys holding the flag and the
tourists are just following him it's
like sheep following a farmer so here's
the thing I know he just made it over to
the mall right now but the thing is
we're actually heading to a fashion show
very soon and my boy Talal is coming
here and we pranked him into wearing
like a formal suit guys like a proper
tea shirt buttoned up and everything but
you don't actually need to wear it but
he doesn't know that look at this dude
look at his dude right now so basically
guys Talal is going to a wedding where
you going bro where you going brother
thank you for always believing us I
don't I will never believe you ever
again it is time to go to the Fashion
Show honestly you look really good
I know but I'm not supposed to just like
this you know you like look at you you
look good but like yeah bro so you look
better than me at scrub right now we're
heading to the Fashion Show basically I
know this sounds weird but the fashion
show is that deals on wheels they're
doing like this proper like fancy
fashion show we're like VIP guests there
but not you but like maybe you can be my
security guard protect you I'll be the
one that's gonna end up doing something
to you rewind rewind the salon back to
the bay guys
young so we just made it here to the
fashion here I'm here to take over hi
guys so we're here at the Fashion Show
we got my boy messy brush it is here hi
the fashion show just begun guys enjoy
next on my boy Massey's gonna be messy
in the building for I love your lazy
that's good guys got my pointless over
you're DJing the only DJ youtuber in
Dubai down DJ bliss guys look who just
pulled up right now my man psyche and Oh
society just pulled up the fashion show
is over and I see somebody coming up
might really Saiga and Nathan never do
right right basically they made like the
whole place into like a runway like a
car runway and they have a lap Ferrari
out here as well so damn this is
beautiful but you need one of these like
the Bugatti is cool the Bugatti is cool
but like rule car guys this is like a
real car person's car so now that the
show is over the laferrari is heading
out damn guys this is a three and a half
million dollar car right here
and there it goes wait don't swear no
it's not true no I know but still I'm
driving shotgun peace I'm driving wrong
no we're going with Messi to watch Messi
play oh yeah
he's almost a 5 million right yeah oh
hey this is fabulous 5 million I want
you to get to ten million I want you all
to support more vlogs there is nobody in
whole Middle East better than him he's
the best he's the best out of bears so
let's just support him and make him
reach to ten million that's awesome I
like that
bro I'm driving right one of you to
drive but you improve look so right now
we just made it over to the mall as I
told you guys we're actually going to
the cinema to watch the football match
like to the cinema guys they have that
yeah yes yeah we like executed here now
who looks like a security you know Messi
they're trying to break the wind it's
gonna break it okay so we're watching
the hockey game right now while we're
eating guys and they're literally trying
to break the window I need some food
whatever it breaks
damn son the Vols so right now we're all
about to go watch the football match but
we're actually watching you in the
cinemas so basically the cinemas
actually play like football matches on
the screens guys so yeah yo Messi what
seem are you on what team do you support
what scene do support we're here the
match has just begun we're in the movies
we're watching the football match in the
movies guys free-kick Tom please score
peace for too long that's gonna be a go
if it's a go you paid me a thousand so
it's actually so late in the mall that
the escalators don't even work we got
this from get to walking get get to
walking flip we have to walk down the
escalators basically we only ended up
watching half of the football game in
the cinema it's actually really fun like
you know watching a football match on
the big a screen like it was insane
hey hey yo what the hell do they have
over here so I'm not sure what this is
exactly it's something for Women's
International Day or something guys they
have a bunch of weighing scales on the
wall like what leave this what and they
all work
