oh my god
good morning guys welcome back to
another vlog today is a sunny holiday we
came to Avatar right now and next to us
is a cool water park we're going to go
there have some fun and you guys are
going to come with us
let's go right now actually
water park and the views are incredible
show those guys check it out okay okay
okay we just made it to the war park
boys it's been a long time since I've
been to a water park so I'm super
excited let's do this okay the first
slide we're going on is the family ride
I know it's only two of us but if I want
to punish right over here oh my god
okay right number one is over that is my
favorite ride for now we're going to go
onto the second one so let's do this I
shred that family ride it's my favorite
it's my absolute it's not even a family
right it's as scary as like a solo ride
guys dang guy yo yo what service station
god you're the whole squad out here in
the war part today
oh my god
so right now we just finished this
arrived raise the lazy river and it's a
little bit dark it's like 7 o'clock
right now so if it's a little bit darker
the vlog at the part 9 no I
oh I want to tell you guys something
before my favorite section was this this
is the wave pool they have but now that
I've grown up it's kind of boring just
to sit there no guys that guys are
somebody dying guys oh my god is that
somebody dying no he's thinking I'm not
thanks guys he's dead I swear he's dead
anyway this continues you know you want
to
oh my god
how do you feel right now for now we're
officially done over here honestly we
had so much fun guys so now we need to
find our friends we've actually lost
them time Kristin in the water party to
the Pfizer we need to find us flippers
oh ok so the thing is we actually left
our slippers at the beginning it changes
colors ok so right now we're just going
to show the right shout out to my boy
over here do yours go to read out here
dang dang I need any any girlfriends you
want to shout out now we're already
exposed everyone enjoys it so we just
finished up with the ride and look who
he met yeah guys they're all the way
from UK and yet they're super awesome
what's your favorite song anyways these
guys are awesome thank you so much a
piece out I bought to look for our
slippers is we left it on the first ride
ok literally as soon as we got here we
forgot slippers and now it's so dark and
we're going in an abandoned war part to
find our slippers guys were in an
abandoned water park
CCTV y'all what's up CCTV were here when
you're closed by the way look at the
Borja liar behind my sister guys Wow yes
yes our slippered success successful on
the slippers they were not stolen it's
like I thought it was taken for
something you know honestly guys we left
them here for like an hour saw like
somebody definitely took notice but you
know what people are annoying knowledge
I'm proud of you community.we I want to
say thank you to everybody who did not
take our tippers you guys are the man
okay it's time to go home happy right we
got our slippers we went on some ride
today was a good day okay so we're back
on our main vlogging camera
hence the good quality again I'm sorry
guys the thing is this camera is not
waterproof so we can take it on the
right for an hour saying goodbye to the
water park let's go now you don't know
me you saying about me the thing is now
that we're done with the water park this
place has the nicest walkway ever and I
look at this this is absolutely
beautiful and it gets better look at the
Vergil Arab guys they actually have a
private football pitch over here in
front of the board this is amazing
please okay dun dun dun dun duh guys my
sister's pretending to play football
right now we're finally back in the
buggy right now heading over to the
hotel we somehow found a kid on the way
so yeah anyone we're here where's your
mommy Oh Mike is complicating this my
baby hey listen you just my baby why why
she here hi guys we found our long-lost
friends in the war apart they finally
create it ok so right now we came over
to the private swimming pool check this
out guys what the victory like two
people in there
so mommy mo has made it yeah what were
you doing this whole time
she was sleeping guys and I mean it like
she was sleeping the whole time she was
in the hotel is so cool
yo what I said I like it's cold
I don't think I've read this couple but
yeah there's my mom and my buddies doing
it guys it's super calm oh my gosh you
know you get used to it it's not that
bad so I'm going to continue some
actually I'm going to show you like the
views around me behind me is the hotel
so you have all the rooms over there and
my brother's something over there from
the other side he's going to kill me if
you realize I'm taking this non
waterproof camera into the water right
now there's a big species next to me we
have a unicorn Hey look at this this is
the ones where you sit on it
the eggs gone yeah what happened to this
but anyway look how cool this is guys we
just found an inflatable unicorn whoa I
don't really care go on you got oh
the laughter's just made it on to the
unicorn
yo that is actually really fun it's like
riding a horse on war unicorn I'm a
unicorn not an owner I'm a unicorn
my sister's most viral video on her
channel is good swimming with Lana guys
she got three million views okay
three million for swimming so since I
love my views today we're swimming with
more vlogs I hope you enjoy it unicorn
down you record that
alright it's officially time to get out
of here okay I am queen I'm going to
sleep tonight we're going to reap up
well I'm not having so much fun we might
even go football there's a football
place right when Justin Bieber is here
he's great cookie guys when Justin
Bieber was here you played football over
here so we're gonna go copy him yeah we
are back to the rooms right now guys I
hope you'll enjoy the day we're going to
go back we're going to show you the
rooms right now and they're beautiful
guys we actually haven't showed you the
room so far check them out what welcome
to our room
oh yeah so now that we're in the room my
favorite thing is the doors they
literally look like it's a safe and come
into the bathroom guys oh yeah oh my I
never saw this look at the weighing
scale I reflect on it
what are anything that is also good I'll
show you something magical a'right now
that was the magical surprise it's an
even compartment I thought it's magical
our boy so right now we're actually
heading to a restaurant and to get there
we need to get a boat and the boat is
not here yet so we have to wait around
there's one over there it's parked up no
I think it has to have a driver zone
all aboard or the full
or right now we're taking a boat to the
restaurant which is very adventurous I
was going on let's say very adventurous
I'm not taking you to a restaurant this
guy bling-bling changing guys I want to
show you my friends t-shirt look at this
all diamonds Wow my buddy the phone oh
my God look at this look at the bridge
blood
we just made it to the restaurant right
now that's nice guys what are you doing
what guys the thing is this is not a
regular seat it's actually a swing look
at that why alright we're going to have
some food guys welcome to the fancy
restaurant this place is oh my god you
guys this is freaky guys come on PG keep
it PG keep it PG okay guys so the food
has arrived and it looks good right very
good
so tell us what do we have in front of
us we've got the Brioni
we've got the butter chicken the chicken
tikka some one you know and love is all
right Natalia doesn't poop my daily life
I know why she has a British accent it's
rolling thing for my brother
guys I speak I speak usually no you say
okay to go baby our baby action you know
I don't know what happened to my
brother's camera but it's actually
fogging up real awesome the hotel may I
help you in anything
and just put me make a phone call yo
it's me oh
I was there's currently 3 a.m. right now
we're about to go to sleep we just go
back to the hotel room so as always you
guys know the drill we're gonna say
goodbye to you on today's vlog so I did
so hard it's I don't know why guys but
yeah as always we love you guys so so
much if you did enjoy today's video make
sure to smash that like button gadget
there you know what I was video guys
make sure if you haven't already
subscribed also click here to subscribe
and be part of the family click down
here to watch my last video and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
yadda yadda
