good morning what is that everyone
welcome back to another vlog so I
actually wasn't even supposed to start
today's vlog off your butt something
just happened and I need to show you
guys okay so right now I was watching a
distractors you guys know this tracks
are like popping up on YouTube this week
and I kid you not I click on the video
and the advertisement on the video is me
yes it is literally advertisement on it
guys the first couple of seconds is like
yo yo what is love you guys at all like
there guys look at this row to show this
track video so guys if you're into
sports or watching this this is your TV
guys Leland's
are literally on a video like it
advertise it so I want to click skip ad
you see it's a normal video I thought
I'd start the day out like that you know
sometimes it's like the smallest of
things that can put you in like a good
mood guys I hope you guys are having an
amazing day too
let's have a good day together and that
is how I started my day okay so the
first thing I actually need to do today
guys I need to take off the fake spray
paint from the Lamborghini so let's go
ahead and do that
hopefully it doesn't leave too many
marks guys because I don't think it's
going to come off properly yeah this is
what my sister did to my car so
hopefully it comes up look at this oh my
god it looks like a black face Moss skin
I feel like we're peeling off a face
loss which is not going to go guys done
the entire car it looks worse now
removable slavery but it's not removing
it's not my fault guys Ranas gonna have
to deal with that oh you guys so the
thing is right now I'm actually heading
out to go see somebody I haven't seen in
about two months yeah I think it's been
around that much time I'm actually
heading over to go see my boy hash and
in case you guys don't know him he's
pretty much like a twin I don't really I
don't know what to call him a twin or
look-alike he basically he just looks
like me guys and I use him as my
duplicate Oh Josh decided I want to go
see my boy hats and and for now I'm
taking the Mustang Oh guys look how
dirty this car is oh my god it's
actually so filthy like it hurts
bubbles Heidi yeah I know I know the
cars dirty I don't work
oh look who's here look who's here boys
this video please stop this a nervous oh
wait a second
this is weird stop come on all right
uh-oh check the side guys right now I
just made over to a side
aka my clothes I just wouldn't not mind
I'm doing you people listen chill chill
it's not roasting time later on later
little valet basically guys the first
thing we actually need to do is to go
wash this car it's absolutely filthy so
that's why I took it out secondly did
you see the Lamborghini what my sister
did to it no sister yes oh my gosh on
Instagram and I was like why would
someone do this I would say like oh my
good
yo sisters is that her friend thought
it'd be a funny prank to do that no no
no I didn't wear it let's hear out it's
supposed to be peelable scraping where
they can peel it off it's not peeling
off
I'll just move and I told my family for
my pleasure car yo beep sighing everyone
bring everyone you know like this beep
oh my god your sister that's nothing Oh
in a results day no one worried about
your results cuz look at my Lamborghinis
oh you guys right now we've just made it
over to the carwash and they're quickly
gonna clean this bad boy up man what are
you doing
sounds like heaven like what no it
doesn't stop overreacting bro time to
come to oh my god what is this engine
degreaser anyways guys check it out this
is where you get your car washed when
you have no time and device you just
come to a petrol station sighs what is
he washing and you're washing the car or
a piece of cloth here leave the room so
we just paid for him to like show my
face I don't know what he's doing but
he's washing the cloth while that guy is
washing the car
this guy is washing the cloth I don't
know what's happening here but I think
the cloth is very clean now
working at the carwash
that a great tariff you think about what
she called it what I know it's very
likely right okay there you go boys that
is the core core is officially washed
guys
it actually looks blue nouns that are
brown yeah it was it was an action
around so Don I'm not trying to make
things weird today boys but I think I
could become a model because your hairs
now Vienna and I not they had some say
such if you look used to have that
letting you in with it I don't know
wonder what your son don't need of does
they get respect upon estranged okay so
right now we just made it to the wall
and I promise you we did not plan it out
but my sister is here and her car is
like literally opposite my car
what Illuminati Illuminati so honestly
guys what are the charges interesting
st. if you'd even say little SP her car
has to be a has to be here
I use all that lager or I'll catch
something for the bloke I like ooh
that's my friends floor
right that's my friend's car what's up
okay guys basically I don't know if I
should show you can my friend want to do
a video with this but I'm gonna show you
anyways look at this Lamborghini SP BAM
oh okay what's that round the thing is
if you guys don't know this belongs to
my friend who I did that GTR video with
the really insane ones yeah a million
horses a million horsepower everyone is
like a high horse yes this is his new
car
I wrap the car takes me yeah guys
honestly look at it it's crazy honestly
when you just go to a desert it kind of
like blends in it has like a really
camel look it's a good like picturesque
placement okay guys so my friend just
made it here here is Mohammed and this
is this Lamborghini okay tell us what's
going on man Lamborghini in the hole
I was at the moment wait what about my
laboratory number genious something else
different I want to talk about it the
pictures we leave in a couple of days
ago
it's nice something we came out with the
color scheme with from the desert yeah
some pictures in my Instagram page they
can check this out and yeah and soon
this car will be with them or some of
yeah it's mine honestly it's such a
beautiful car like this is actually the
Lamborghini SV if you guys don't know so
it's a limited edition Lamborghini bro I
don't want to vlog it too much because
we have a special vlog coming out okay
say guys there's my friend he owns this
car so now you know who has it
I got a yellow fish again so right now
we came over talking guys we only have
enough money to make shooting
we're going to try to stop whatever we
land on I want you guys to smash the
lakes without many lakes you know come
on in thousands oh gee
oh just keep going guys what is it going
to be come on call please please give me
five hundred please wait Oh No Oh
50,000 like I don't think you can do
that oh can you do it that's eyebrows
over now not again so no no okay all
jokes aside guys for now I'm heading out
here so we're saying goodbye to half
time see you soon okay that's it I'm
done guys I'm done I'm going home bye oh
hi guys so I just reunited Lana and she
saw her friend's car
he promised I could have it yeah for
like a day or a week maybe 40 alters of
my spot cause the only small datable
fish ah okay hopefully this time we can
do it right yo yo wait no no I did not
agree seconds yo yo yo yo yo
okay so right now we just made it back
home with the family I actually have
some very exciting news guys basically
we actually have a show coming up on
love okay it's not a normal blog that's
going to be coming up we've actually
started a show literally like a TV show
in our living room and our first
contestant on the show was Natalia
beautiful pretty okay basically just so
you guys have an idea of what it is
we're going to show you a sneak peek
right now
me man whip it together sit down - okay
already
I'll walk you say
Bravo Bravo no that wasn't good well
yeah they do boys that is pretty much
what this show is it's like our own
little talent show on the blog's
honestly I think you'll be a nice little
twist and I want you guys to get
involved that is ha Natalia sounds and
the sneak peek but those okay we're back
in the Ferrari this reminds me of
Stephanie
I love
guys I don't know why I love them way
better than you
okay so right now we're putting the roof
back on because they go to a little bit
huh
I sure everything about this car is just
like I know why guys I after I had the
first Ferrari like I call it get over it
I know I have the Aventador right now
but honestly I know it sounds bad but
after driving this I actually want to
sell the Aventador and scatter Ferrari
or like I know what it is is just like I
love the fact that it's an automatic
roof light I always want to put the
advanced or roof down but it's just like
it's not to say you what I don't know
doing right now so we've got mum again
very soon where I think his number now
and we're betting if she's going to call
him or not because you really really
like to hear beautiful yeah Todd now
guys basically I know it sounds weird
but Natalia kind of found me a wife now
so you basically the lady that works
here she looks nice I call it life and
now I'm writing my name and number for
herself I ever get a chance on her
challenge I challenge each lighten your
number on the paper I am I am guys baby
I'm going to give her my numbers of it
is how you find your wife I fish looking
a few moments later alright guys so we
are finally home right now as you saw
right now we just finished up at the
restaurant with our friends I'm not
gonna lie I'm pretty excited guys I'm
not joking with you guys I'm not sure if
any of you took his here's if you're not
but basically at the restaurant there
was a girl working there and I've seen
her a couple of times there and she
looks pretty nice I kind of like her I'm
not gonna lie and I actually gave her my
number tonight but it's like it's like
the weirdest thing to be sharing with
you guys but I'm just gonna wait to see
if she messages me guys honestly I'm not
going to tell you who it is or anything
like that big eyes always I love you
guys so so much please smash the like
button if you want me to have some good
luck for once and maybe I'll have a girl
in my life for once
no guys I thought I'd share it with you
guys anyways there you guys as always
I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's see how it goes and if I get a
message so far I haven't got a message
so it's not it's not looking good guys
it's not looking good but she's probably
still working so yeah I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video and as always
yaariyaan oh boy
