everyone good morning welcome back to
another vlog so today is a very very
special day if you can see behind me we
have a pink limousine so basically today
is my mum and sister's birthday and
we're about to have some crazy fun and
we have to start it off the right way ok
so right now I'm gonna go inside and get
my mom and sister to come see the
surprise this is insane alright guys so
my mom and sister are finally outside
are you ready to see what we're going in
we got a special surprise guys
yeah go check it out my gosh this is
insane I don't know how to get inside I
can't get any more oh that looks insane
oh my god thank you guys
oh yeah anyways right now we're heading
out guys
look how cool this looks at my sister's
dress it's time to partay let's do this
guy's
oh it's party time all right let's do
this guy's bro you look like a spoiled
princess all right anyways right now
it's time to head over to the yacht guys
it's about to be lit let's go
hi so right now we're on the way to the
yacht guys as you can see we got the
whole squad here what's up oh my god oh
my god guys we got some water here okay
so we just realized there's a ton of
drinks over here in the mini bar guys
it's about to get lit okay so the thing
you guys might not know there's actually
like 40 people coming yeah and they're
all guys last minute I just told
everybody to bring anybody they know so
we might not know anybody at the party
but we have people coming so just know
it's about to be right now we're pulling
up to the yachts everyone's already
there so it
time to get off yeah that's five to four
motors here's like when you look gonna
run down
yoram literally like made it about two
minutes way everyone oh my goodness are
you okay
there you go
how are you guys my boy Neptuna man you
ready no hi guys so check it out my boy
Neptune is here guys you already know
giant Gang Gang Gang I brought y'all Oh
bro are you ready to see the cinema bar
oh shit I can't wait you like this crazy
we got Pablo saiga Danaus today I told
sigan it was a big yacht he didn't
believe me
he was like 220 Road it's huge you can't
imagine you can at least fit illegally
3,000 people I think you said a thousand
is illegal yeah so much any we can do
more all right guys so check it out
everybody's here including your Virgo no
Libra I'm like your news day after so
often towards your birthday we have to
throw a birthday party
amazing guys all right this is your my
boy Sean out here so your Dino Pro we're
wrong my guy disappeared miss you got
some big projection device so stay tuned
for some big stuff coming in just know
we have a special guest
what is outrageous today we go hopefully
wrongs always rise I'm sad or escaped
gonna be here so we're still that night
it's too bad man let me tell you
something okay let's do that
now we got the main guy how'd you know
man look at my feet I think good
worst night ever since we are here me
and Saiga are gonna go in and torque the
boat alone today I don't even know I
think this is all the rooms over here
bro there's no entry so man how are ya
oh yeah actually looks like hooked up
nice and this is this is the smallest
bedroom they have sea view oh okay guys
check this out welcome the lost their
bedroom so right now me and sigan are in
the roof of the boat and I'm not sure if
you realize how low the roof is it
actually just went down because this
boat is so big it won't fit on their
bridges bruises coming be brave room oh
my god bro he's gonna touch
you actually touch rude YouTube meters
if that was this
for approaching bridge number two
everybody is getting ready to touch it
it's like become a thing now okay okay
are anyways right now we're heading to
go eat some food guys basically we're
gonna eat and then we're gonna do like
the birthday cake stuff oh look who we
have over here what happened to the diet
bro what happened to the diet
okay look at this food right here Oh
challenge time it's challenge time
challenge time we shown guys
basically we have two groups right now
upstairs in the cool group down there
antisocial EQ pedicure happening
downstairs Alana's about to go in the
swimming pool guys this is a bad idea
this is such a bad idea
No
all right so right now we just came into
the master bedroom and they opened the
glass look at this
right buddy guys I've always pushed a
little I so right now we're just chillin
at the top of the bowl literally hanging
down guys if you could see this but yeah
we're going back to the show right now
so as you can see Natalia Wynn had
changed her clothes because she was a
little bit too revealing down here if
you know what I mean Ferguson Ferguson
it's time for the birthday cake guys
hi guys for now psychons heading out so
bye peace out brother
juni bud I see guys peace out guys
damiana see you thank you guys so you
know my boy your mommy is heading out
right now mission well where's your
manners to see young guys get better get
him out get him out anyways boys for now
we're officially a heading out of here
that has been the birthday for yourself
everybody's heading out
I'm just taking on my it's a party it's
a father now it's fine I just wanna say
a big thank you to all of our friends
that came as well like this is super
super last-minute so just to pull off
was insane and I mean like look at this
bow right here listen guys I just want
to say that that your is insane by the
way I want to give a big shout out to
Dutch oriental mega-yachts because they
are the ones that hooked it up last
minute so big shout out to them I'll
leave their website link in the
description honestly this thing is
actually super affordable for the size
of this guy's so go check them out
because without them this wouldn't have
happened last minute you know right like
I'm so happy it was the best birthday I
had in my life you know we're so late
like in this planning I think in the
morning I've pretty cold so many my
friend I think you know who you are I'm
sorry but I'm sorry if I called you late
cuz some of them they couldn't pick up
hope so it probably meant they couldn't
come and the most fucked again let's go
so now that the birthday is over I just
want to say how cool this limousine is
like the whole thing is legit pink shop
already no swag down any of these guys
for now we're heading off because the
tally actually didn't eat any food
because the food at the bar you know
what it is right now we're heading back
home guys I don't know why I'm excited
to open the gifts guys even though
they're not mine
no what about me anything
by level so we're officially home right
now we're saying goodbye to the
limousine that was some fun anyways
Busch for now we're officially saying
goodbye this was amazing so now they're
home it's time for the birthday gifts
guys Oh
first things first we got some fresh
nuts guys all right thank you so much
for the nuts guys I appreciate it so
much
Oh guys my sister got a Sephora gift Oh
another one oh my god
it's a scented candle smells nice
it's much Oh I next up we got some
jewelry guys what a fan actually gave
this to us outside the yacht you guys
this is amazing thank you so much
Wow now it's time for the main event
guys boom
Wow that's not released yet so they gave
us what wait what guy 's this is an
unreleased bag bro straight to ebay no
straight to eBay oh my God thank you
thank you so much it's mummy Mo's now oh
wow this actually looks beautiful is it
the right size alright well there you go
guys that has been the gifts thank you
thank you so much thank you to the
sponsor after that anyways guys there
you go anyways that is the gifts guys
well there you go look at this this is
so cool my end of today's vlog here as
you saw today has been a crazy day so
we're gonna say goodbye to you guys so
as always you ready no what should they
do subscribe by clicking here watch his
last movie by clicking there and and as
always
