happy birthday to you da da da
happy birthday to you cha-cha-cha yeah
welcome back to another video in case
you guys don't know tomorrow is my mom
and sisters birthday and we have booked
the second biggest yacht in the whole
country yeah yeah 220 foot house like
you know those massive late like a
football news house guys we have about
10 guests we need to go see it right now
okay basically right now we're gonna go
check out the yacht we've already booked
in everything but it's insane just
happen right now we're gonna go check
out the yacht we literally don't even
have enough guests for this boat no I'm
calling all my friends I'm telling all
my friends bring your friends of your
friends of your friends because this
yacht can fit over a hundred people 600
it's huge
it's the most luxurious thing I've ever
seen on this planet and it has a
swimming pool the size of an Olympics
basically we've got ourselves into a
very rich situation the birthday is
about to be lit so yeah right now we're
gonna go check out the yacht pay for it
and do that type of stuff and let's just
see what we've got ourselves into let's
go oh my gosh we just made it to the
board
that's huge like literally the size of
like ten boxes hi guys as you can see
this is the yachts that they have over
here no this is not our yacht and it's
not even this one it's that mega yacht
so big let's go check it out so this
entire thing is the boat I don't even
know what's the coolest a mega yacht
let's go to Lotus
by the way guys this is the owner of the
boat so you already know Gang Gang yo
yes good so hey guys pretty much
tomorrow the birthday is happening on
this thing let's go check it out all
right oh my god six jacuzzis bro
what else is there in the room there's
literally six you could yeah listen we
need more guests we have about ten
people is that enough is that we need to
invite some more guys holy moly oh my
god
so much faster in my life
we are literally on a city right now
this is not a boat this is a city I
think we could throw a wedding in here
listen tomorrow we need to find a
husband on the same day we need to do a
double whammy okay so this is like the
bar chick kitchen area I know this is
insane okay so right now we're gonna
take you over to the theater room they
have inside Aiyaa
guys come check it out welcome to the
theater
oh it's so blue inside here oh my god
you're right guys look at this there is
a projector here there's even a popcorn
machine
yeah but tomorrow you have to help us
use this do you realize what we have
here what we just started
what you want let's have a bit of
oh wow
bro this is literally like a football
pitch we seriously need some more guests
okay so this right here is one of the
captain's rooms guys and check it out
bro have you ever driven the boat be
honest my god what are you doing with
the ocean why so this is one of the
small bedrooms they have over here guys
it's probably the same size as my
bedroom
I can't even I don't even think we're
gonna use this shoes bro we have ten
guests we can give them this is bedroom
number three we can give each guest room
so bro you're gonna be chilling here on
the birthday okay so this is the main
bedroom over here oh oh my god
my god the platfrom just went down and
you can see the view in front of you
yeah okay so right now this is the main
bedroom over here guys and this is
insane
oh it's a diving board it's a diving
board
we're legit watching our last birthday
video in the yard it's not me I'm all
the way nos cringe cringe eNOS okay so
right now we're going to the front of
the boat oh my goodness
bro this whole way
no where's our Jack we need our Jack all
right so I'm pretty sure we did like
most--it or for you guys that is the
yacht it's legit a city so bro we
literally just gave you devise like
biggest yacht tour Wow my next party is
here okay you got me bro you already
know you ready guys my favorite part is
still this swimming pool area what's
that
so this over here is a 40,000 liter
swimming pool you put an ocean on top
the notion anyways for now we're
officially heading off the yacht that
was amazing Wow I just I'm imagining
rain like a princess Cinderella outfit
for this occasion because it's good it's
like a palace guys look at this
recording a video on camera guys that
boat was insane I can't even call it a
boat because it's so big
220 feet yeah we don't have that many
guests we need to make some guests guys
we need to make I'm gonna make some cool
if you see people we don't know tomorrow
now you know why because we need guests
listen your boat is legit insane you
know what that means
that means you're gonna tough time
deciding what to top it up guys I don't
think we can top this boat ever max
liked my channel just hit its peak
tomorrow and now everything is a
downgrade six hours later yeah hi guys
right now we just made it home basically
my mom and sister already home right now
Natalia showed up with a bunch of
balloons so we're gonna do like a mini
birthday surprise because it just became
12 o'clock which means it's their
birthday why do we have a candle balloon
Oh guys look at the birthday cake look
at the birthday cake oh my god it's
chocolate guys the balloon wench
I knew she was gonna do that happy
birthday do you doubt that that Oh guys
it's ready it's go time
I could blow your candles happy birthday
to you come on guys right now our
friends actually just ended up leaving
our house but I was a nice little
surprise for my mother and sister
birthday girls but yeah guys as always
I'm a wrap up today's vlog here if you
have enjoyed make sure to smash the like
button stay tuned because tomorrow's
vlog is gonna be super special guys so
make sure to come and watch that because
that is the official birthday so yeah
I'm gonna go catch some sleep right now
so we can get ready for tomorrow and
it's about to get only alright I'll see
you guys tomorrow
and as always yeah leo No
the
