no but you guys have your broken oh no
oh yeah what is up welcome back to
another vlog are you guys doing okay so
here's the thing today I actually have a
really savage prank planned on my sister
now if you guys don't know in like three
days time it's my sister and mom's
birthday on the same exact day okay and
here's the thing I want to prank her
into believing that a fan bought her a
Chanel bag in case you guys understand L
bags are like five six thousand dollars
so what I've done with my mum my mum is
involved on this I went and I bought a
fake Chanel bag and whenever I go home
my mum has put the fake Chanel bag into
a real Chanel box that my sister has so
I'm gonna make her believe that a fan
gave me this in public
alright but yeah basically when I get
home I'm gonna prank her into thinking
that she got that but for now I'm gonna
go to our friends place chill out over
there
and let's just have a fun day yo hi guys
so for the first stop of the day as I
said I quickly came to our friends house
but I need to show you one of the
craziest things ever so you guys know I
have a buddy gun they have one that's 10
times better than my buddy gunner I
check this out guys oh my god babe oh
yeah bro are you ready let's get big
storage
oh my god okay okay what's going on what
are you doing this is not right
hi guys basically they've got a golden
buddy got it
and it works so much nicer than mine
like as soon as you put your finger down
it's insane what are you doing what are
you doing all right okay guys we have we
have some issues right now all right
round two Talia's gonna show us how to
do it just put your finger down and hold
it all right oh my god so the thing is
right now I'm actually heading off our
friend's house the thing is I started
today's vlog really really late and the
kids are going to sleep right now so
goodnight kids including the Italian
guys look even the cat is sleeping with
them does she see that every night no
way oh good night yeah the thing is guys
right now I'm actually heading over to
my guy sigan basically we're gonna go
and check out some really expensive
jewelry I opted not buying anything but
I'm pretty sure he is so let's go yeah
so today we have a special day because
we are at the gold souk in Dubai whoever
doesn't know it you gotta know it
because it's the best place to buy gold
and diamonds so as I said right now
quickly with my boy sigan he's brought
me to buy me jewelry yeah no no no we're
gonna buy jewelry let's buy it for your
subscribers you know what you know he
always calls you boys and I know there's
also female subscribers for you guys
will buy like a small nice thing for you
guys okay basically as my boy mentioned
this is the Gold Souk and I think the
most gold in the world gets traded here
in the entire world the most gold gets
traded here so the shops along this
place it's insane the amount of jewelry
there is guys I just look at it what
what all right guys we just came to the
jewelry store and it's always important
to diversify your portfolio you know
what that means that actually means that
if you have cash you should not always
keep it as cash but you know have it
into invested into real estate invest it
into companies and also into precious
stones so we are here with some of them
actually this one for example which is a
very good means diversify your portfolio
is a 30 carat white diamond which now
goes for pros for it goes for 5.5
million dirhams so this is very nice and
then you have others here as well which
are approximately 5 and 6 carats each
and you know isn't it that time has
always became more valuable if you look
into the past 30 under the graph of
diamonds all these go now wow it's not
really that fast but yeah slowly and
gradually it's just been going up and
when the markets are very volatile that
means when it's very risky people
usually go back to precious stones or
precious metals because they are safe
with that so yeah so let's choose and
leave so right now we're giving you a
close up just so you guys can see what a
30 carat diamond looks like Wow turn
down a little bit that is insane imagine
look like if you had a ring like this
this is your you're gonna spoil a lot of
women with this video all right guys so
basically right now sigan has actually
ended up buying a couple of investment
stones and i thought i'd show you what
they are so bang so these are the stones
basically we ended up with and this is
actually real gold it's very heavy
it's 24 carats pure gold basically and I
actually have the same for you a little
bit smaller but this is a giveaway if
you subscribe to a most Channel oh yeah
if you don't that someone else might get
it so comment down below this is fine
gold all right guys
so yeah we're done here and now I see
you in the next look bye okay
alright we went in there with a couple
million in the bank we came out with
some solids these nights these fighters
you know oh my god okay I know it's hard
to believe this is gold this is pure
gold
but who would wear that this is for
weddings for like local winnings and
Indian weddings they Wow guys whichever
lady could carry this on our neck has a
neck of steel like that's some good neck
right there look this is the buyer this
is actually just a regular window you
know everywhere else you would have will
improve a few moments later yo I got so
it is about to go down right now on
today's vlog I just got home and we are
about to prank lawn on my sister so
basically if you guys don't know it's
her birthday in the next like three days
and I'm gonna pretend like a fan bought
her a Chanel bag okay so basically I've
been out for the past couple of hours
and I'm gonna tell her that a fan came
up to me like this rich like super rich
kid or something and gave me a Chanel
bag to give to her for her birthday in
case oh my god guys tell me this does
not look believable right now you're
what the craziest thing ever has
happened and the guy deserves a shout
out okay I was in the mall and the yo-yo
squad met me and he's got you a gift
that I would never imagine some new gay
you wanna see it
bearing in mind this kid is like 14 15
what you came home and you
no I said but you have to give the guy a
shout-out oh yeah I mean look it's not
about the gifts Mogwai always a bad
feeling with you you always pranking me
because you do too many pranks this is
your problem just close your eyes I'm
gonna get it okay oh yeah one second
okay are you ready three two on open now
open your eyes
yeah no yeah no yeah open it oh I
haven't even opened it yes I have no
idea what's in there I have no idea
what's in there yeah I don't know what's
in there that could literally be
anything in there he had a lot of bags
though know what you guys know oh my god
oh my god I wave it open I need a thumb
no show just look here
oh no the thing is guys i legit don't
like branded stuff but it's listen I I
would don't I don't know what's in there
no what is that
no yeah well we figured that out bro oh
it seems legit oh no thank you so much I
don't know who you are
why
but this is like unbelievably like too
much open it open it oh my god but this
is amazing like this is on another level
wow this is so cool
a few moments later wait you think it's
fake
yeah cuz I watched a video about a fake
a Chanel bag only and they're saying
that all of them have to have a crease
there and they never if they do it
wasn't a thank you bro it's just the
right guys my sister for the past 10
minutes she was like oh it's fake bird
then she brought a video showing me why
it's fake congratulations you played
yourself bro you played yourself it was
actually like pretty expensive for a
fake it was like a hundred dollars guys
basically you can't tell unless you
start observing like okay guys so
basically this is a real Chanel bag over
that's a real now and that's a fake
so if you guys can see the real ones
they have like this curved thing and I
didn't think until now that later I was
thinking about like this looks bigger
than this and bro there's supposed to be
the same
right I don't know I thought they have
sizes they're supposed to be a line with
a dot there's nothing
my sister is chanel Buster out here no
honestly guys the reason I got Chanel is
because my sister always like watches
videos about them I think at the
beginning when you're excited you don't
realize enjoy it enjoy this Chanel a
14-year old boy that today's luckier I
hope you have enjoyed it honestly that
turned out perfect that was the best
ride ever be a guy somehow today we are
left with a piece of gold which I'm
giving away to you guys so if you want
to win this piece of gold I know it's
not much guys but still it's religious
like 24 karat gold see it make sure to
subscribe and comment down below what
you'll do with this okay so yeah yeah
guys as always I love you guys so so
much if you did enjoy today's video make
sure to drop a like click here to
subscribe click here towards my last
video and as always I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yeah leo
