good morning what is up everyone welcome
back to another vlog how are you guys
doing so today is about to be a late day
boys yesterday I dropped my Lamborghini
off because I'm getting the color change
to do that I need to first go get an
approval okay so whenever you want to
change the color of a car you need to go
get a government approval I think
something like that guy so I'm actually
heading off to the CID with my car yeah
because that's where they give you the
approval guys so yeah I'm kind of
sweating already yeah a bunch of other
stuffs happening so it's about to be lit
let's go okay okay okay so here we are
back with the car it's officially the
last day it's pink okay I know I've said
this for the past week but I promise you
today is the lost lost day it's pink so
yeah we're clearly gonna go get that
approval done and everything like that
and then it's gonna be nice like it's
actually gonna be a nice car for me to
drive around yes
I'm super super tired but right now he
just made it over to the CID place and
we got the approval so yes we're gonna
quickly drive back and everything is
Gucci so right now is the moment of
truth we're actually gonna start peeling
off the pink guys so here goes nothing
as you can see BAM under it is orange so
let's get started
yo oh my god there goes the pink it's
done this is actually so satisfying to
watch guys like oh my god Wow
okay so I know this sounds really weird
guys but I'm actually gonna keep a part
of my rap just so I remember how my car
look like anyways this is the car for
now but yeah I'm heading out of here so
see in a couple hours time when it's
completely orange again yo our voice so
right now I just made it over to the
Louis Vuitton store as I mentioned it's
my friend's birthday I actually don't
even think I told you which friend it
was my friend Muhammad's birthday and I
quickly came over here to get a little
something-something I know this sounds
really bad but I have to ask him his
shoe size so I'm pretty sure he's gonna
know why I'm here for but they have a
ton of really nice stuff over here guys
so check it out BAM but I think this is
way too like flashy if you know what I
mean so I think something like this will
be a little bit nicer you know I don't
know it's more like cloth see I don't I
don't know if you call it classy or the
only bad thing about shopping in stores
like this it's just so awkward because
it's so quiet look there's legit nobody
in here in the morning oh alright guys
so check it out this is the one I ended
up picking so as you can see it actually
looks really nice on my gameboy so there
you go that is what I ended up getting
so yeah not bad not bad I like behind
the camera what's up the last area to
see the Scudder know this wall
that was my life or let me love this is
my Lamborghini I anyways now their home
time to open this oh yes he's gonna see
this on the blog why he opened my gift
oh I know what it is about these boxes
that just makes it feel so special
oh my god that's right this is really
nice
okay Mel's really nice can I see it I
feel like it smells nicer than anything
yeah if you smell my shoes guys they're
horrific it's got all these dots like
football shoes but it gives you a lot of
grip have you noticed is that all you
care about a grip right that's a gift
stop stop slacking on the block oh the
lady gave me your business cards all
right now I'm actually heading out to go
see some of my boys I haven't seen
sidekid in like two months guys so I'm
gonna go meet him I'm gonna go meet a
 I'm gonna meet Bobby I'm gonna meet
the whole gang today so anyways right
now riding out let's go do some more
stuff guys I'll see you in a bit
one year later Oh your eye is better yes
what are you doing bro why are you
interrupting my meeting brother why are
you interrupting what happened to our
diet why am I getting hot chocolate huh
that's my husband is getting better
right guys I'm not gonna lie
his eye is actually getting way better
cuz like this is why I haven't hung out
with him for the past I'm next
I was like yo listen I can't be seen
with sigan in public with his I want you
down on the ground they forget about
this anyways right now we're both hungry
so where are we gonna go eat oh that's
right guys that's my boy that's my boy
we just made it over to this rat
and they took it to the next level right
now they're like yo you guys want me to
take this oh yeah that's just a star bro
oh good morning what wait a second okay
so you guys might be wondering what the
hell is happening right now how is it
the morning again so here's the thing
guys basically I'm recording this vlog
from the next day basically I felt bad
because I forgot to show you my
Lamborghini and I promised I would so
right now we're gonna continue the vlog
here and I'm gonna show you how my
Lamborghini turned out like because it's
all unwrapped and they've even
customized it a little bit so let's go
and see how the bad boy turned out okay
so here we are
moment of truth my car is inside so
let's go check it out
oh my god yo
Wow okay so here it is guys and I'm not
sure if you can know it's look at this
we got a custom MV sticker put on the
car down so if you guys don't know
there's a Lamborghini called the SV
which you probably do know which is my
favorite we changed it up we've got the
mold lugs edition Lambo tell mommy what
do you think mommy what do you think
guys
Wow the envy sticker says it all like
this is like this is mine like this
sticker just shows I this is a property
of mow logs oh yeah there you go boys
that is my new baby
it looks insane Oh guys let me know do
you like this more or the pink and here
is the brand-new Moloch's vehicle guys I
showed you there you go smash the like
button if you think it looks dope I know
I keep saying it but my favorite thing
is the sticker like this just ah oh yeah
there you go boys that is my brand new
baby I hope you guys like the color and
the little design for now I'm gonna
drive this bad boy
let's go
hey our voice well there you go that has
been today's vlog I know it's been super
super messy but I had to show you my
brand new baby let me know what you guys
think about it in the comment section do
you like it more listen if you guys say
you like the pink better I will kill
every single one of you because
everybody said they don't like pink when
I got it
but yeah I'm just super excited to drive
it around to just have some fun
but yeah guys I'm gonna end of today's
vlog here okay actually need to start
tomorrow's vlog so yeah it's pretty
confusing at the moment so if you
enjoyed today's video make sure to smash
the life of it click here to subscribe
and click here to watch my last video
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow your
bubbles what you want oh my god why are
you so grumpy bro guys subscribe for
bubbles I peace
Yolo
