good morning everyone back to another
video how are you doing guys yeah yeah
before today's video starts you guys you
need to subscribe oh yeah I told you
stopping soon okay so where are you
starting out today's video with a very
special surprise okay I mean this might
be a little bit late to show you guys
but my bank sent me a very special
package okay another one so my bank
always sends me stuff like all the time
guys and this time it's something
special right 105 million
congratulations mom life's tough the
line was stuck in the card box my bank
literally sent me a 5 million subscriber
cake guys which is absolutely insane as
I said I know it's a little bit late for
me to open it guys because I was out of
the country but this is so cool as I say
thank you to my bank this is the most
cool cake I've ever seen that is
absolutely insane anyways that is how I
started on my day guys my bank sent me a
crazy cake now here is the thing guys
today is a very important day here in
Dubai it is the Dubai World Cup so in
case you guys don't know today is like
the biggest event we have here where
horse racing is going on not football
World Cup guys horse racing expensive
event the winner gets ten million
dollars that's ten million dollars to
the winner
and your boy is going there so right now
I'm actually heading over there and yeah
we're going to see some horse race
action are you going there like that
what do you mean like that dress ah I'm
dressed I got shoes I got pants no you
need to wear suit and tie
no no you're not going to let you in
watch how you end up coming back home to
your mom guys we're going like this so
here's the thing apparently today's
event it's gonna be a super fancy event
so I'm actually taking my suit with me
guys all right check this out
in case they tell me to change into a
suit I think I might have to all right
yes let's go are you ready ready man we
about to go to the World Cup what's good
she guys oh look at this to divide up
guys so as I said this is the biggest
event in Dubai right now oh my god man
whoo this is bad guys I'm gonna wear my
suit I'm sorry bro you're actually like
really mean you told me you're not gonna
dress I did yes I asked you that he said
you're not gonna wear so winner gets ten
million dollars so just hope we win
it's World Cup time guys we are here at
the stadium okay so right now we are
entering snow I no idea where we're
going guys like this place is so massive
but let's go and see what's up welcome
to the Divine World Cup oh my god that
is the Dubai World Cup right there oh my
god
hi guys so right now we just made it
here and we are inside the made on
racing course so this is where all the
horses are racing guys this is like BB
VVIP
look who we have so the whole gang is
here S one metal ah look I so basically
as I said this is like the Dubai World
Cup and yet the whole squad is here we
even have my friend Mohammed from deals
on wheels he's over there and like
everybody so basically the ruler of
Dubai the guys are like rules too by the
rulers here the Prince of Dubai Land
anybody like up there is here guys so
this is very cool
and yes it's kind of awesome to be here
okay so right now we're actually next to
the cup in itself guys so whoever wins
this tournament gets this golden cup
check this out guys whoa oh my god that
is the cup itself by the way so whoever
wins this tournament is going to get
that that golden thing over there guys
guys that's worth is that real gold no
way please
that's real like physical gold yeah bro
can we take it alright Roy that's real
gold bro messy like I know you for a
long time I know you're thinking what
I'm thinking let's do as I said guys
right now we're here at the horse race
basically the main race is starting like
10 15 minutes so yeah the winner of the
race gets ten million dollars check it
out these are the horses over here hey
guys my lucky number is three so whoever
has this horse you're gonna win so right
now we just left the racecourse and
we're actually going upstairs to have
some food guys but look how cool the
elevator is guys whoa it's got some like
diamond things inside here hi so right
now you come upstairs to watch the race
from here look at the view guys oh my
god so that's where we were right now
that you guys saw us where the cup is
and now the horses are racing guys here
they come oh my god guys the blue is
woody
related a few moments later so now this
show is about to begin this is the
firework show
okay okay so now that all the
celebrations are done we're coming back
outside guys so yeah hey so as I said
right now the race is officially over
guys this is where we came in the
beginning but then we decided to go back
upstairs now everything is empty again
check it out guys whoa Oh guys look at
the size of this Stadium it is
absolutely enormous like by the way this
is my view right now now that were done
over at the World Cup guys we've
actually come to watch the football
match but we're having the dualist
drinks you're ever gonna see so I
ordered a chocolate milkshake look at
these guys wow this is insane it's so
chocolaty my boy tell ah got something
even cooler
watermelone watermelone big came to
watch a football match of you guys can
see above me and we're chillin over here
so yeah Bon Appetit a few moments later
so I just made it back home right now
and today has been an amazing day as you
guys saw and honestly I don't worry not
to say this but right now I just go home
and I think when I was out my mum and
sister go into like an argument of some
sort I'm not sure like I'm just telling
you guys what I know but my sister has
decided that she wants to leave the
house so I'm kind of stuck in like a
weird situation where I don't even know
whose side to take like I've been up the
whole day guys like just enjoying my
time and yeah so yeah right now I know
it sounds silly guys but my sister has
literally packed her stuff and she's
leaving the house like alright guys let
me go see what she's doing are you
really leaving now I don't know where
you're going but alright guys so yeah
basically my sister is actually leaving
the house right now and yeah why are you
taking mom's car
my sister's kind of mad today for some
reason I don't know what we've done to
make her this mad but she's leaving the
house right now
alright there she goes guys
see you soon and there she goes oh yeah
that just happened guys alright anyways
I'm adding up today's like here honestly
guys I literally have no idea what's
happened like I'm not home most the time
so I don't know if she got into an
argument with my mom or what happened
but yeah that just happened all right I
love you guys I'll keep you updated on
what happens tomorrow and hopefully
she's alright I don't I don't even know
what to say guys I love you guys and as
always
yeah Leon oh boy
