Vlad's looking a good language do I need
that duper here we don't say hi we don't
say goodbye we only say Dubai your wire
the core so dirty
broom like every day I come out and your
car's filthy no you have to wash the car
I could turn the car on today we're
gonna wash the cars guys look at this
there's cat paws on the car you would
think that it's an abandoned car oh my
god it looks so sexy
Oh what she doesn't know is I'm about to
wash her and the car okay it's time to
prank my sister damn pink car pink dress
I mean purple no no I mean purple I mean
purple this is some weird ass job hi are
you ready to wash your car
Wow whoa China's like you've redesigned
my Lambo guys it's cool this is why you
need to wash your car okay it lifts
cruises like that okay so right now my
mom is gonna hold the camera because
basically the host keeps coming out all
right she has to just hold the hose
inside the box just hold the whole let's
hold the hose don't some fake water are
you doing
like I'll give you whatever you want
like a walking snowman bro can you
breathe
yeah here we got you bro I got you I got
you are you drowning I'm trying to get
the foam out your face can you open your
eyes why is your butt we need to wash
the car bro the car is not Donna
Oh bro I'm sorry I missed your you're
fine now
yeah what do you see that's all you need
to do everyday
Oh Karla think yes look at this yeah
what are you doing so now you're worried
about your car to have your car full of
soap then Ducks know to dry up on the
car as I say it's better to be super
dirty than super clean it no it's my
table dirty head to help Sophie hair no
my sister's now worried about her own
car yo who washes the car with their
hand what are you showing yeah that's
soap it's clean oh really wasn't this
enjoyable I got my makeup done so
amazingly today now you're clean so much
fun
ah boy so for now the car wash is done I
feel so bad for my sister guys oh yeah
you know you actually look clean right
now you're glowing right now here's the
thing right now I'm actually heading out
to go somewhere very special basically
my friends just called me and they're
all eating food at borj al Aaron if you
guys don't know what that means and
you're not from Dubai it's the seven
star hotel it's time to go let's go and
I'll see you once I'm at the luxury
hotel
right now we just made it to the forge
lab guys and I just met the most awesome
banjo guys he's from the UK so any
shoutouts any messages to them it's
right breathe breathe it out isn't that
a bit weird so we are finally at the
board's lair but look who I have
I'm here with marijuana and s1 and you
already know them guys you know they're
gonna think you guys are like together
all the time
wait what nothing that way so we're here
at the virgin hair this is a seven star
hotel but this is a bromance going on
behind you guys bromance with you bro I
heard dinner and I just came guys that's
all I know so I'm always comes anywhere
free food guys you want to meet more
inviting for free food he's there I'm
out there the only pizza chicken I'm a
very I'm a very cheap standard guy I
think you forgot to mention that we're
at the border Lara yeah that's the place
to get you yeah that's way it's a
chicken at night I mean when you're
gonna get spoiled when your win the
owner of IMG you have to have expensive
food I can't even walk in walls how much
anyone because of you
everyone that you start spaces the owner
I'm like okay okay but you are the owner
look at this view okay so right now we
are in like the terrace area of the
Borja lab as I said this is the fanciest
hotel in the whole of the bye guys but
we didn't come here just to look at the
hotel I got my man 50 set in the
building
the bully brothers even know that
somebody already been a good language do
please don't say goodbye we only say to
buy new ones go now so yeah
oh okay so for now we're heading out of
here guys I was super fun just coming
here chillaxing hi guys so for now
everybody's heading our say goodbye to
shaggy he's man loving here manchild to
mobilize lady man guys he just ran on my
Ferrari
yes my man how'd you do that yeah it's
yours it's yours take it take now we're
heading out super cool singing everybody
bro show them the lights what basically
there's like these really cool lights of
the bridge on board I'm could we get out
of the car show them yeah look at the
lights they have on the bridge wait no
don't mess it up is as good as a bus
coming there's a bus go alright anyways
there you go boys that was our little
adventure here at the board should have
with some friends by the way guys if
you're not familiar my boy yes one you
are you're in the birthday video yes
but not really got me out of that did I
what do you break you that's a keyboard
I'm back home right now and all the way
back home I made a very special purchase
okay this bad boy cost me $20
whoa that is so cool
does that really work right so I want to
board this time basically this is a
keyboard that's insane
Mike and I could be sitting board at
your office right now you know what I'm
done I'm done with this whoa it actually
works
Montecito season baking work you have to
punch yourself like look like why is it
not easier to press alright give away
whoever wants this follow me on
Instagram
