yo yo yo good morning everyone what is
up welcome back to another vlog so we're
actually starting today out a little bit
exciting we're wearing our swimsuits and
you might be wondering why cuz we don't
have a swimming pool guys know we got
something better okay well I ordered
this online guys and it just arrived we
have a slide kind of I don't know what
you call it it's a water slide and we're
about to get slippery guys let's do this
oh ah water slide it's a nice colors
alright yeah alright guys so apparently
this is supposed to be a war slide
alright that's actually pretty good I
like it
here it is guys our new waterslide is
right now we're trying to figure out how
we're gonna do this look at this thing
this is the Bunya sorta slide ever guys
okay okay okay it's time to get things
started guys we have a slight problem we
have us my problem guys
the Rope is room welcome to the mold
logs in Lana rose water park guys I've
actually never had a waterslide before
so this is pretty awesome okay so the
thing is we're gonna put some body wash
on the water guys to get a bit more
slippery ready this is the only body
work you have it now yeah just um that's
all we can this add some shine through
here's look at it Adric talk down this
is how to take a shower mold looks dog
guys here we go
- somebody wants more shampoo oh here
goes nothing guys time for the
waterslide
you know I just I kind of broke my hip
thing what was that was that your
attempt at water slidin you do it that
was the worst lighter Aziz yeah that did
a professional let me show you how it's
done all right let me tell you how you
do this okay
whoa okay this time guys I'm gonna do it
without going on the floor I think I'm
ready
oh that was good oh I wanna try that
done exploring that's awesome come on my
new pad you don't need me but I'm gonna
hurt myself
thank you so much fun I felt like oh
yeah now that's what you call a slide oh
it's about to get serious right now it's
about to get this is not dykes
you're gonna hurt yourself more with
that all right we just found some more
body lotion guys ready yeah
3 2 1 . Oh dad Oh guys I don't know what
my sister's trying to do it's bailing
hi guys let's do this me versus blonde
on whoever gets birthday you saw that
was it
it's time to do some water fight I need
go to Concord music are you go to yeah
you business if you moment later what a
way to start the day I feel amazing
okay so the thing is I have a very very
big announcement to tell you guys right
now and I mean massive okay basically
you guys so for the past one month I've
been working on a very secret project
and it's finally time I could share with
you guys what it's about okay all right
what you guys just sit back relax and
listen to this okay I am actually
participating in a youtube show called
school's Got Talent yes and your boy
ball is going to be a judge on the show
hey you know I could explain it for you
guys but we literally recorded a
professional directed advertisement for
the show
so I think you just be better if you
guys watch that adjoin don't know what
is up boys and girls but today I'm gonna
show you something that's going to blow
your mind we're looking for local Fort
Collins I can show up I'll play on the
truth yo chopping up
did you get that so guys if you're into
sports or watching this this is your
opportunity to shine by participating in
Got Talent
sudden time sports wants you to
represent your school in a talent
contest with sports at it's very core so
boys and girls between the age of seven
to twelve register and upload your video
on the website and ask your friends and
family to vote for a chance to win a
whopping twenty thousand dirhams cash
and that's not all just be the judges on
Celebrity midfielder jihad montasser RJ
and I Jacob and me of course the guys
send in those videos and let's crash the
Internet
show us what you've got and remember
send in your entries before time runs
out good luck so yeah there you go boys
that is what this show is going to be
about absolutely insane guys I want
every single one of you guys watching to
enter on the website like honestly I'm
just so excited to be a part this guys
cuz know your boys going to be judging
you guys like show me what you got no
just just show me what kind of Judah oh
yeah guys that is the super big project
I've been working on super excited to
tell you guys I made it mum I'm I'm a
judge I made it anyways boys right now
I'm actually going to go pick up my
rolls-royce it's literally been a week
that I haven't taken it back so we're
going to go do that and some other stuff
and I'm going to go refund the electric
skipping rope I walk guys it was a
little bit expensive and it doesn't
really work properly so yeah your boys
going to get a refund I sound like a
cheapskate guys but honestly I never
refund stuff unless it actually doesn't
work properly and this doesn't work
properly so yeah
okay so right now Queenie came to pick
up my rolls-royce but look like me yeah
jjang jjang yours gotta be everywhere
guys these guys are super awesome
and yes Yolo Yolo please like and
subscribe I like that Rolls Royce I was
here is my baby it's finally back my
Rolls Royce Wow
I missed you buddy I'm misty three digit
plate number anyways guys as you can see
we clearly came to the mall my mum drove
the Mustang I came in my baby so let's
go hi guys right now we're in the Apple
stores mummy mo over there money honey I
guys were about to refund the
skipping-rope
hopefully they'll take it could they
should I think they should gasp I don't
know why whenever I refund something I
feel like it's a challenge so you guys
in two seconds but let you know if they
take it yes yes we got the refund guys
we did it yes yo one of my favorite
things about the Apple store is the fact
that everything is so tidy you know guys
I look at all of the headphones they
have over here it's literally like a
museum somewhere over the ocean where
skies are blue guys I'm practicing my
voice to become a singer anyways anyways
now that we finished up everything guys
we're actually heading up home we end up
getting my sister some food because yeah
everything what all the time well what
do you say money money you interrupted
my vlogging
and anyways we got a few guys right now
we're going to head off home so let's go
yeah mommy was taking this oh my god
okay so while we're on our way home we
stopped by the petrol station guys and
they gave us a ton of raffle ticket and
we have to open them to sue anyone you
can tell if you one day your vanilla is
not open you could win a quad bike and
jetski and I oh my god everything I like
it is cool I give away right here is it
for me are you on Monaco everybody shush
man three two one don't mess it up what
is this what it is I swear I'm gonna
start like screaming if you win
congratulations where you're lying stop
lying
ah what ah congressional you have won a
discount five you want five nerds Alton
rings : okay
it's okay but come on man we could do
better
oh and you're ready just read it what
you think it's all gonna be I think it's
a car wash I think another question oh
wait wait oh okay okay
you know what guys I feel good like I
feel like this is going nowhere right
now the next one is car wash gosh guys
yes I can open my my guys you know we're
not lucky we're just getting car wash
discount this is the last one this is
the last one you're lying on a jet ski
no you're lying I knew you're here to
try to do that
I'm not dumb guide you on the jet ski a
little bit little boy hey I thought
there's another car wash I say it is
currently 2 a.m. and we're about to
sleep but I actually have some really
exciting news for you guys so I know
I've said this for the past couple of
months and you guys are sick and tired
of hearing this but the music video is
officially called Billy guys so when are
we going to release it as soon as it's
out of iTunes
ok guys basically listen I didn't do
what this our pre-k took me about how
long two months to meet guys basically
this is a song that me and my sister
made ourselves company means right yeah
I think it took about too much okay
honestly like it didn't take that long
to make it but it just it was like we
put it to the side and we kept doing it
I swear I'm not I'm not even joking to
hide this up
this song is a song called Vega there's
a anyways you know what I'm just going
to under let you guys judge okay now
honestly I feel like it's a Gangnam
style wearing this on any night psy -
psy Gangnam style okay expect that music
video in the next two or three days
unless basically guys if you don't know
me a lot sometimes when you release a
song iTunes picks up a random selection
let's hope it doesn't happen and if I
choose does that it's going to take two
or three weeks hopefully they don't guys
because if they do we're screwed okay
they normally don't so if you guys have
any internal people iTunes
tell them release my son okay as always
I love you guys so so much thank you for
the support you guys need you know
what's crazy
I lost you guys there are a hundred
thousand dislikes and it was like that
easy you guys go 100 or 50,000 oh no no
I bet if I asked for 75,000 mics somehow
we can't even do that thank you guys we
can get doubles of this like see honey
it looks more fun to this life where
you're in it okay listen guys let's try
and get 0 dislikes which is impossible
okay I like the more sooner the song
gets the more likes the sooner iTunes
will like us back how bad
okay anyways I hope you guys will see
tomorrow stay awesome and yeah yeah oh
no oh
