yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today is actually a very
exciting day because look what we have
back in the garage
boom yeah so basically guys today I went
and picked up my pink Lamborghini from
the showroom because I have a very very
cool idea today I'm actually gonna go
pick up my friend's son from school in a
pink Lamborghinis yeah guys I'm gonna
see how all the kids react I mean I
hopefully we get some good reactions
I've seen a ton other youtubers do this
so no I'm not trying to steal their
ideas I'm just trying to do the same
thing what well I'm out man I'm thinkin
stripper hey that sounds like stealing
guys I'm sorry I'm not stealing but I'm
doing the same thing anyway shout out to
the youtubers I've watched junior garage
and a bunch of other guys so anyways
guys right now we're gonna go pick him
up in a pink Lamborghini so hopefully we
got some good reactions let's go oh yeah
as you can see I'm back inside the Lambo
honestly I've missed this car hey guys
anyways for now let's head out I've
actually put a GoPro on the car so you
get a point of view so yeah let's get
straight into a time-lapse of me driving
Oh yo
ah look where we are
hi guys we are officially picking up my
child from school today
Mitali are you ready for this it's
actually been such a long time since
I've come to a school so right now we're
picking up baby Noah Baby Love by the
way she actually looks like a teacher
because she has like a little card
access card but basically that's for the
parking being in his school brings back
so many memories because I remember
getting on a school bus myself when I
used to live here and there's like a ton
of school buses over there yeah man
guys I'm an old guy man old God so I
just go recognized by these guys you
know how is school so far it's so good
high five guys it's a school guys oh my
god this school is so busy I want to
take everybody outside for the car guys
basic yeah yeah you can all go right now
I'm gonna go to the car by there guys
excited to see the pink are normal
I'm the only bee on the blog shout out
to your friends what do you think about
the car anyways guys you go older kids
out here was I was I was uh uh anyways
guys right now I picked up no are you
ready to go home
Noah there's like a lot of kids behind
you you're the boss today you're the
boss i high-five
is it girly oh come on
no no bro now you can get all the girls
at school it's hot mama be honest I did
not expect that many kids to know me
anyways but now we're heading out guys
so let's go and I'll see you guys in a
bit happy speech bye bye guys all the
kids over here
bye gang gang know what you feel how was
that man crazy
er listen listen after today I want you
to get all the girls
hey listen no no don't give up on me
here say yeah now is great oh that was
insane bro anyways are you ready to have
some food right now what you want
chicken or beef chicken that's my boy
that's my boy you want it there's kids
here so since everybody's our house
right now I want to show them how my new
gun works do you want to show our new
Chinese do i showing our new tree thank
you come come our new tree we're showing
our guests a new tree what do you think
of our new tree I like purple so since
we are at home and we have a new gun
today imma teach Natalya how to shoot an
air pistol already
no sir yes sir sir yes sir yea yea rule
number one do not ever point the gun at
people this goes in okay yo you're
pointing look back thank you we've got
four targets over there can cans and
don't worry we're just gonna
that is one shot yes Wow oh my gosh
that's amazing you actually put a hole
in it oh and you just like me to put my
hand in front of this bro that could
actually cut through my flesh oh my god
through the metal dude that might I
should go into your heart oh my God look
at that boy so friend Natalia we're
gonna go full automatic all right
that means you surround two this time
we're gonna try and hit the target so we
put the four cans over there now let's
see how this goes oh yes nearly hit oh
my gosh another one this goes right
there you go guys that is our new gun I
hope you enjoyed it time to shoot in the
fab yeah no no what are you doing
something okay well I swear this freezes
your hands on your rig oh there you go
oh you're happy your hand here let it go
okay I don't know what's inside here but
it actually freezes your hand guys so
just hold it there even freezes around
this section it's literally like ice
it's like dry ice
that's ice oh yeah you see that Oh
oh my god oh my god I have messed up so
badly okay so basically this morning I
went and picked up my pink Lamborghini
and I parked my Rolls Royce in the
parking lot it's been six hours and I
just remembered that I forgot to put
parking money in the car fine guys if
God is on - if God is on my side I won't
have a fine on my car but I'm pretty
sure I go by indication I left my car
six hours without parking money I
completely forgot I completely forgot
alright anyways boys for now I'm gonna
go pick up my rolls-royce so yeah
hopefully we don't have any fines yo
oh my god guys I just made it to my car
I think it's a miracle
what there's no fine oh no I'm not
joking at all my car has been here from
the morning because I came to pick up my
Aventador and somehow someway thank you
God thank you thank you
guys there's a rainbow in the mall look
oh my god
guys there's rainbows in the mall what's
happening so basically there's these
like rainbow things in the mall and
they're connected strings from the
bottom to the top if you see that it's
very blurry Wow the past 20 minutes I've
actually just been walking around
outside admiring the view but you know
what's crazy and honestly I am in no way
sponsored by Tesla or anything but I
just found another Tesla charging spot
like they're everywhere like every
single Center or shopping center I go
like I just see one and it's kind of
like urging me like your mo you should
buy Tesla is your by Tesla but I don't
know it's just I don't honestly like
let's just say it's not my favorite car
but it's super cool like it'd be
something if I had extra money I
definitely buy so yeah I just I thought
I'd share that with you guys so I'll say
what another charging station and it's
literally in the middle of like no way
like literally I'm walking around the
whole outside section and on the corner
over here in Valley BAM you have a
electric vehicle charging spot look at
this boom oh yeah
they have a bucket of Nutella guys I
think we just made it to heaven right
now though we just made it to this
restaurant which specializes in Nutella
guys yeah okay I need one of those why
can't we just get em - I'm sponsored
you're do you think that L is ever
sponsored anybody I should be the first
person oh my god guys there's unlimited
nothing over here whoa whoa do you guys
know how I love my samples we're having
some Paul Nutella well it's actually not
Nutella it's a different brand which is
healthier apparently it's nice
I basically were trying samples of
different chocolate they have it pretty
good oh my god so we're literally about
to head off home and look what's here in
the parking
oh my gosh it's a Lamborghini Huracan
with an SV sticker on it
oh you I don't care what you say this is
amazing like the fact that they put an
SV sticker on this car makes it look so
cool bro man you need to change the
color of your car like this color looks
so nice I'm not gonna lie this could
potentially be a new rap color for my
sister yellow bro it's okay if you can't
beat them join them if you can't beat
them join them
my sister's new Lamborghini yes or no
it's in your own hands
anyways the thing is my mom and sister
came out in the Mustang I'm in the Rolls
Royce guys so yeah for now we're heading
out oh my god there's something on my
car what how is that I think you got a
little gift on the car too kittens
are they earrings middle of I mean
they're keychains bro they're so cute
whoa boy so we are officially back home
today it has been an extremely amazing
day yeah it's actually been a pretty
amazing day I can't lie so be a guys as
you saw I also have my pink Lamborghini
back in the family so I know it's just
really weird having it back the thing is
as I said tomorrow I don't think it's no
longer gonna be pink because I'm gonna
actually take the rack off which is it's
gonna hurt my feelings but I think it's
about time we did that yeah for now as
always I love you guys so so much if you
did enjoy today's video make sure to hit
the like button I'm not threatening you
or anything but there's a subscribe
button over here and if you don't click
it I might hurt you I might just hurt
you I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
and as always yah yah know
