yo everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today I'm starting the
day out with my brand new gun basically
if you guys didn't see yesterday I went
and purchased this air rifle pistol
basically this thing over here works on
gas and although it's not a real pistol
it does a lot of damage guys so today
I'm going to show you what it can do ok
so the first target for today is gonna
be that microwave ok it's broken already
so let's see what this gun can do
alright guys here goes nothing I'm about
to shoot the microwave you ready don't
miss it Moe blogs your armor so as I
said this gun actually works on gas so
this is what you fill it up with guys so
I've never done this before but let's
give it a shot oh my god they're
dangerous oh look who's downstairs guys
I Solana is actually gonna try out the
new gun bro it's fully automatic you
know what that means for your hand yeah
basically if you have your hand on the
trigger it will constantly shoot by the
way guys our security guard has no idea
what's happening he thinks we bought a
real gun yeah lucky he's from looking at
us like we're gonna kill him alright you
ready
look behind you birth there's a moving
target
here goes nothing
yep I told you don't point you at me bro
just go go go I told you of anybody
counselor of our house again just no no
that's the new gun bro congratulations
guys you see today I surprised my sister
with a new gun she's been super paranoid
at home so I was like you know what let
me make my family feel safe when your
family doesn't feel safe it's your job
to get them something now make them feel
safe security is talking with our mom
right I think he wants to know what this
is and then so the things as I mentioned
guys you have to be really safe because
this can penetrate your skin no if
you're up close to actually go inside
you're sure right now we actually have a
little bit of a situation while we're
out here shooting the gunmen apparently
our tree is dead so they're actually
gonna be putting it out today from the
ground oh my god bro have you realized
this is the craziest house ever
somebody's trying to pull out a tree on
the other side we got people shooting
guns are you ready one at a time
yeah both singles automatic the moment I
do watch it there's what is this wind
that comes out of the back this is the
gas bro
did you even hit hard what the hell is
this you hear everywhere oh good job
Lana if anybody breaks and I'm sure
you're gonna hit target flippin hit
every part of their body anyways there
you go that's your gift from me to you
enjoy if anybody breaks in while I'm out
the house I think you can handle it now
anyways back to the tree guys as you can
see we're trying to cut it down all
right oh oh it's so strong bro I ain't
coming down without a fight
yo we could actually do that so
basically this tree is bubbles his
favorite tree and he's come here to
complain I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh my god oh wow it's down bro we're
witnessing tree murder right now both
I'm sorry he is literally just killed
the tree in ten seconds I think we
should go back inside guys guys I never
knew this guy was this strong we need we
need a weaker security you know this guy
is a legit still killing the tree like
he's not giving up guys look at him oh
my god oh my god he just broke even more
a few moments later and this is all
that's left from our tree
oh boy so the thing is right now I
actually have some more sad news I'm
actually giving back this Rolls Royce
right now yep I know I know it's so sad
yeah I'm gonna go quickly swap cars and
we're gonna be back inside my car in a
couple of minutes so
okay so we are back in my rolls-royce
right now ba guys right now we've
actually come over to the shopping
center so we're gonna go inside eat some
stuff and just look around a little bit
so let's go
yo hi guys so right now me and my mum
just made it into Sun and sand sports
okay and they have my face on the
magazine yes look at this guy's front
page baby listen guys I did it I made it
I hated the thing is to really cool
things are happening so first of all as
I said guys I'm doing a campaign with
schools Got Talent
so they put me on the front page of this
like newspaper they have but secondly
they actually have the advertisement
playing on the big screen TV in the
store okay so basically my face is on
the TV handled the magazine
like this is insane so as I said guys I
mean it's super cool being part of a
project like this by the way in case you
guys haven't already go sign up to the
show you need to be 7 to 12 years old
just just click the link in the
description I'm gonna put it there again
by the way shout out to my guy over here
basically he's been showing me
everything cuz I didn't even know I was
on the newspaper guys so he just showed
me that now and he's super awesome
yeah woman he's doing a good job if you
want to shop in sannan-san you'll meet
me here here he's a nice guy
just guy look into his channel is
awesome to the retiarius energy hey man
we're gonna wait until my advertiser
plays I need to see my face guys the
thing is guys as I am doing this program
with them they're actually going to give
me like a certain budget where I can
just buy a ton of stuff from here so I'm
just looking around you know whenever
that budget hits me I'm gonna cover my
entire thing so damn guys I swear it
feels so cool like your boy is sponsored
guys look at look at this
I could pick out anything I want I know
it's just so exciting being part things
like this because I feel like I made it
I made it in life guys I'm part of like
a campaign warhol hey why'd you look
like that
what have you done clean you look so
clean for the first time ever my sister
looks cleaning eyes she just took a
shower oh my god you're glowing you're
actually glowing
anyways guys while we were out somebody
gave this to our security guard oh we
got a love heart got wait why sigan here
so I can get him out the photos no it's
actually been like a really long time
since I've been up this I get so I need
to call him guys and see what he's up to
but they actually left us a letter so it
says it says from safe
Sian hi my love's I'm your biggest fan
and I watch you every single day so big
shout-out to both those guys that
brought this by but yeah thank you so so
much for this and the love part yeah it
was a guy that gave it by the way is
Dave safe safe why am i inside the love
part safe kind of weird safe kind of
we're a few moments later anyways now
that I'm home guys I just want to say if
you haven't already subscribed to the
channel I'm not threatening you or
anything but I think right now would be
a good time to click that button down
below that subscribe button alright okay
okay there you go guys you did it you
did it oh you know I'm gonna let you off
right there but yeah around here and
haven't already subscribed make sure to
go down below and subscribe but before
in today's video I don't want to be
cheesy or anything and I've said this so
many times before I feel like I'm
repeating myself but honestly I want to
thank you guys I want to thank you for
stuff like this or just anything that
happens in my life because I can't
imagine my life without YouTube I don't
even know where I'd be like I honestly
have no clue where I'd be like I could
have been that god knows where I could
have been guys but honestly I just sort
of use this time to say another thank
you to every single one if you support
me on a daily basis I know we go through
our ups and our downs and a lot of
people hate me at times but you guys are
the true supporters you guys that stay
to the very end of the video you you are
why I do this and I just want to say I
love you I love you and if you're a guy
I love you no homo okay but as always
guys
I love you so so much and I'll see you
guys some more for another epic blog if
you did enjoy today's video
let me know in the comment section and
yeah as always I love you guys all
