but out the pink Lamborghini just a race
with China but the race to China just a
race in China hey guys what is up
welcome to another vlog so my name is mo
logs and I'm a 22 year old entrepreneur
so today as you guys know I just bought
my brand new car and it's a pink lab
procedure okay so here is voice it's a
Lamborghini Aventador roadster in matte
pink okay I know the color might be a
bit weird guys but honestly it's my
course I can do what I want okay I can
do what I want guys oh my god there's a
drug in my corner
get away oh there's a daughter
lover see the rims to see the rims
that's an extra $20,000 dad I'm lying
it looks cool that looks cool okay so
you might be wondering who the
inspiration was behind my car I think
Nicki Minaj is one of the big inspirers
guys so if you're watching this Nicki
this is what it comes to buying take it
from me you can take it from me but I'm
just saying theoretically that's hangout
like a Mickey let's hang out okay I'm a
fan
oh my goodness yep thank you for all the
dust anyways here is the beauty itself
guys I know you've been waiting for this
video a long time guys let me show you
guys one of the coolest things about the
car the boot is actually in the front
here we go
oh and the surgeon color yes that would
it match them that would have in fact
matched your outfit I'm just letting you
know as with any new car I buy we need
to test out the trunk space again my
gosh I should be tested on you're going
to get inside all right guys ready okay
I might break this car I can get up
listen I'm gonna break you I'm gonna
break it already are you kidding no
money till I need it mom
why are you crazy for getting inside
this doesn't have much boot space why
does my brother always get himself into
the most
ridiculous how closely that enough sleep
alright anyways very good that is my
brand new baby I think it's time we gave
one loft aunt of it alright okay I don't
think there's much else to say about
this car literally a Barbie grow car be
a voice for now it's time to take it on
a little ride
so let's go enjoy I know this video is
supposed to be about this car guys but I
have to hold up for one second right
look at this view oh ha ha ha ha ha the
places I stand they are this is the
entire of Dubai
that's beautiful she ate that view okay
listen ignore the car for a second I
want a thumbs up just for this view I
just want to say listen Nicki Minaj
Rihanna's Selena Gomez all celebrity
girls hit me up in the DM
you all get a free ride in my god I free
of George I'm just I'm just saying hello
booyah in the BM
because listen if you can't beat them
join them I am
for all the people commenting right now
I can say real men wear pink
I am orange - oh my goodness the doors
yeah I'm going to get in where is he
going
the doors are open
