what is up everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you guys doing so
today is a very very special day me and
my sister are heading to the mclaren
showroom we are we're gonna be picking
up on brand new McLaren what one I don't
know how you don't know we're picking up
the brand new McLaren 720 basically it's
their new model it's crazy and they
somehow trusted us to take this car
which is awesome it's on your name oh
great basically guys you have to be over
25 to drive the car anyways this car is
absolutely beautiful like in every
single way you can imagine so right now
we're gonna go pick up the car test
drive it and just have some fun let's do
this
our voice so right now we just made it
to the McLaren showroom and here is the
bad boy down this is the McLaren 720s
Wow holy moly I can't even believe what
I'm standing by so as you can see right
now we are at the McLaren and this is
the car we're gonna be driving today or
my sister okay I've come not allowed to
drive it guys whoa all right boy so he
quickly came inside just to get a little
bit of HCN cool down but before we leave
I need to introduce you guys to the
queen of McLaren
she made this happen today guys so all
right let's do this guy's so she knows
everything about the cars I'd already
know too much so she's gonna take us
through the 720 outside okay let's go
yeah you look good I'm gonna keep that
in there
gamora sporty look than the lattissima
cleanser wind comes in two types
this cars this is the only word I can
say wow this car is very easy to get in
the roof opens with the door yes to be
honest Becklund is the well known of its
design of there
they have nice all the doors are open in
this way which
- I sit inside I'm allowed not to drive
just sit decide look but don't touch it
all right guys oh my goodness you can
stand up and you're not gonna get
anything the roof is open guys if you
head anything
I want to drive if I buy it I'm allowed
to drive it you can guys right now
officially in the driver's seat
I swear you're so tempting just to go hi
guys nothing
let's go before we go I'm gonna quickly
show you everything in this car okay the
first thing was really cool is this
front dashboard if you're on a normal
Road you just open it out need a dark
everything and then when you want to go
back on track check it out guys
you just flip it back down that that's
the coolest thing so right now we're
about to hit the highway on sports mode
I'm not sure if you can tell but the car
doesn't like sound like a normal engine
it sounds crazy
Oh
are you kidding me
oh my god I'm getting out I am getting
out I can't even describe to you how
this car feels because it is quick okay
I know this is crazy but I need to see
how quick this car is from the outside
so let's see this car go
oh boy my camera could not turn quick
enough holy moly that thing's a beast oh
here it comes guys here it comes the
competitor hey hey oh here she comes
I can't so by now you guys have seen how
quick this car is so I think we don't
need to show them that anymore right I
need to show you more we need to show
you more of the technical side okay let
me show you see now boss this is and
obviously I don't want anything to go
wrong right now so we're gonna bring the
stock with the speed test here's
something you guys probably didn't even
know about this this car actually has a
big boot really yes the front of this
car has so much space you could go on
holiday with it Oh
are you kidding me cat that you can
actually fit a full-size suitcase in
there nice so if you want to go on your
own holiday to kidnap somebody you can
do it with the McMahon okay god I want
to kidnap some mommy what is it body
will be my sister couldn't help herself
she's going for around four round four
guys
oh my god I think there's a camera
somewhere here let's just stick to the
speed limit bro look where we are we're
home I just got a brand new McLaren yep
they gave it to me for free high five
yeah Wow come come come you have to see
this you have to see this alright we
just made it home guys and look at the
engine after driving it Wow oh my gosh I
think we heat it up in there look at
that that's insane
I think it's safe to say we did a good
job warming it up yo could you imagine
this being our car bruh this is insane I
kind of feel like just not returning it
okay that's fine your sister can go to
jail and hopefully yo yo score might be
guys listen Lana or McLaren Lana oh
really
the thing is I didn't even let you guys
know much about like all the specific
details but I feel like you don't need
to say much with this car it's kind of
self-explanatory if you know what I mean
like just seeing it drive and everything
it's amazing so anyways I guess it's
time to take the car back bye
i'ma miss you McLaren
as I mentioned right now we're heading
back to the McLaren cherm to drop off
the car
my sister is actually in the core alone
right now and yeah I'm with my mum she's
driving the Rolls Royce we got is
cruising around
and honestly this car from the outside
looks absolutely beautiful
yeah pretty much
that is how the start to my day has been
do you guys can see he's casually
cruising around in the McLean 724 here
goes nothing guys it's time to give back
the McLaren guys no no I want to miss
this car
can I keep it
I love that average she's a savage I
don't have money
Oh the way my bank account works that's
it if you want you can come and I can
take you for a drive any class yeah I'll
ask you out on a date you're gonna go
for coffee
by her one by one my bank account the
door I'm trying to sell so guys I can't
hit her up in the business online we can
buy a car from me and it's phenomenal
young guys so piss off that's going well
too right now he just made it back home
and there's a little kid in front of our
house
hey buddy
basically our cat was trying to attack
it guys guys cats are like super
defensive like even if it's a little kid
they'll be there oh so cute how are you
yeah you want some food there you go
guys we have a big announcement right
now on the vlog featured on the magazine
oh oh let me see that let me see I don't
see that guys look at her face look at
that guys my sister is in a magazine two
magazines I don't know what's crazy you
know what's crazy
you're on a magazine that has the
Kardashians on the front page
bro bro soon you're gonna take over the
Kardashians ball anyways now they're a
home it's actually been a while since my
sister has made chocolate milk for you
guys and if you guys don't know like
food is a big thing in our family so you
guys know I have a routine where I used
to have a lot of crisps and yogurt I've
kind of stopped that for a little while
because I'm gonna dye it my sister also
has a habit of drinking chocolate milk
everyday I remember at one point a fan
of ours sent us a box of Nesquik but we
never ate it because we thought it was
poisoned I'm sorry guys I want to say
one thing we love you guys so so much
but honestly when it comes to food we
had in the fan know because of all like
the threats we get alive very minority
that do this but believe me certainly
we're scared you're gonna poison us no
and then like you know those like let's
see I'm a thousand there might be one
person writes a bad comment and tries
I'm gonna tell you there's a lot of
weird people yeah world be always
worried you know what if you got guys
send something and they want to poison
us so that's why guys if you ever send
something to eat
please don't be upset we can't eat it so
just don't eat food dog food guys guys
just try it I mean anyways besides from
that right now my sister's having some
chocolate milk but I don't know why
today you look cross-eyed there's
something in your face that looks like a
shadow as always we love you guys so so
much if you did enjoyed today's video
make sure to smash that like button and
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last
this is so weird guy and as always Yolo
Yolo
