yo everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today is a special day
alright we actually bought a parachute
Wow yes yes apparently when you run fast
it's supposed to slow you down okay your
boys Huseyin bow out here guys right now
I'm gonna try and do some running with a
parachute attached to my back all right
let's go this is should honestly I don't
even think I can run fast enough so you
might have to attach it to the car I
have a core parachute oh yeah I know
right is that it that's your parachute
okay hi guys here goes nothing this is
the moment of truth that is so funny
looking honestly if I see someone on the
beach running like that it just doesn't
really make a difference bro
I just don't know how to describe it you
want to see you call him a feeling
really it's actually not pulling me back
I'm done Fitness is not for me oh holy
Martinez hurry
that is Tyree oh she's ready she's ready
three two one go
I think we need to go to the road
alright guys let's take this in public
so here goes nothing we're actually
gonna take this onto the road I know
pick it up it's getting dusty our
neighbors are gonna look at us like what
the hell oh you know actually this is a
very good place because the wind is
coming through get said go
it looks like you're about trying to fly
bro
oh my God we're on healthy it's okay
you're starting to work out now so since
we're not as fast as we should be for
human beings guys we're gonna do
something else right now we're gonna
attach the parachute to my Mustang nice
now we're gonna have the first ever car
that parachutes bro I think other people
have done this before right say yes I
think they do in line with the proper
attire shoot what are you doing mom all
right here goes nothing boys time to
attach our parachute
it isn't gonna work yeah okay it needs
to be longer not uh okay here we go
we extended the cable it's time to do
this
good I like that it actually went up
parachuting with a car boys no I want to
go around the area like that is that
obstruction of I know right now all we
have a parachute in front of us we need
help well there you go guys that's our
new experiment over that is a human
parachute on a car like this video and
we'll do it with all of the other cars
if you guys want to see that that's
pathetic
we can't even run fast enough for a
parachute to work how about this 50,000
likes and I take my pink Lamborghini
back and start parachuting with it so
it's been a couple of hours since I lost
vlog okay let me be honest it's actually
been a couple of days since I lost now
basically guys the intro of today's vlog
was from like three days ago but I kind
of just mixed it in with today's video
if that makes sense
anyways right now my boy Matty's here
raw shits here and we're about to go do
some go Cory
alright boy so right now we just made it
over to the carting place but I've
actually got a little challenged and I'm
gonna do with Russian over here
so I've got three brands of water in
front of me if you can see this we've
got a lane Volvic and every Honda and I
want to see if Raschid can tell the
difference this is the most expensive
Evian then it's more Vic and then it's a
lane okay Oh
double-deck so nope triple XL sounds
about right so right now he quickly
changed into our karting suits well
we're about to do some racing by the way
you know what's funny guys
these two are underage guys apparently
I'm their parent today because they
wouldn't let them go on this they're
over 18 so I'm taking care of Russia
today it's alright baby it's alright
it's alright daddy come here God
I'm your daddy today son so that puts on
a special money on them is driving the
world higher a hundred thousand bear one
hundred thousand where you suck man and
why are you wearing a helmet already
health and safety broken into the safety
briefing
hi boys here goes nothing it's time to
go karting bro you ready you ready for
this give me a high five
oh I have no idea what to say right now
we just finished our first lap I am
sweating my look at my hair right now
it's a 100 degrees Celsius right no this
was the worst idea ever guess whose idea
was by the way Booya guys for now we
just finished up with go-karting I'll
see you off to the second lap I don't
think you guys want to watch us go
around and round again so yeah I'll see
you guys in a bit
yo our boys so we're officially done
with go-karting I'm pretty sure you guys
can hear it going on behind us okay so
for now we're actually heading to go eat
I know I look like a mess right now I'm
sweating like hardcore yo what's up
what's up guys hang out here you ready
no I was racing with him and yeah guys
out seventh oh there were six people
ahead of me so yo our voice oh right now
as I mentioned we quickly came to eat
some food if you guys can see there
there's police basically right across
the police is where we're eating our
food basically the place we're eating at
is legit so busy that it gets so crowded
only police can like move cars away
that's why I didn't really vlog much
over there guys we quickly just ate some
food
we hey guys for now we're actually
heading out of here by the way
honestly shout out to the place burger
water burger trip
missing light we went there and then I
think the owner took care of the bill
for us so it was just like a random act
of kindness you know yes me too
no suddenly everybody everybody's paying
your bills I don't like it guys
yesterday yeah Buffalo Wild Wings a guy
took care of our bill like a yo-yo squad
and rocket fan watch I was like bro I
don't like I feel like I'm like a blonde
girl
he likes you know guys yesterday a guy
to care for our villain today the owner
took care of our bill saying every day
somebody's paying for you I know and we
didn't talk to them we do not advertise
it I feel like we're getting better
treatment that girls do I feel now you
know how girls get their bills paid for
the globus first bloggers first listen
girls I took your spot my bill birnes
mom anyways for now we're heading out so
peace out guys and yeah I'm actually
gonna say goodbye to ocean right here
bro so we tell them about the special
secret next week
what special secret there's a celebrity
oh yeah there's a celebrity coming to
Dubai his name starts with DJ whoa oh
boy so we are officially back home right
now ah okay you know what let me stretch
up because I need to talk to you guys a
little bit and just clear up some things
that are going through my head at the
moment and I feel like it's been a while
since I've kind of given you guys my
emotions if that makes sense
honestly I'm not sure if you guys have
realized this in my blogs for the past
like month or not or if it's just me
maybe just me what am I even saying
maybe I'll only notice it but basically
I've kind of been going through some
stuff now nothing crazy
all of this stuff is in my head alright
so you can kind of cool it not not
really how would it say I'm depressed or
anything but I've kind of just been
going through this face so basically I'm
sure you guys know this happens in life
a lot but I don't know why for the past
one month I kind of reached a point in
my life where I really just didn't know
who I should be surrounding myself with
in terms of like friends and stuff and
I'm sure you guys can kind of understand
my situation because when you are
somebody who makes videos or kind of is
like getting views online I don't want
to say like all somebody famous because
I'm not but you kind of like
question who's around you for you and
who's around you just like I know kind
of be in the circle if you know what I'm
trying to say and honestly you guys have
seen I have a very small group of
friends like you could probably count
them on my hands like literally on my
hands and that's the pity guys I
honestly kind of just went through this
phase where I was like just kind of too
much to myself if you know what I mean
like I just didn't really want to leave
the house
honestly like I just didn't even want to
go into public too much you guys so I'd
only leave the house at night
whereas before my vlogs I'd always be
out in the daytime I'd love like seeing
new people and yeah yeah that's kind of
what I wanted to just get off my chest
guys so that has been going on in my
head but enough is enough okay so from
tomorrow I actually just want to kind of
push myself out of my comfort zone again
because I feel like for the past one
month it's just been me like just me
sitting at home and not really doing
anything but yeah besides from that
tomorrow is actually gonna be a very
very exciting day tomorrow I'm going to
be having the McLaren 720s okay if you
guys know anything about cars that thing
is like a car from the future okay so
you guys have seen it like once or twice
of my vlogs but I'm going to be like
test right well okay technically I call
it test drive it so I have to take my
sister to drive the car you have to be
like over a certain age because you know
these cars are pretty expensive and I'm
still like a young reckless driver
apparently like when it comes to like
age and stuff as always I love you guys
so so much you know what I'm not even
gonna ask for any subscribes or likes
anymore I feel like if you guys enjoyed
the video do what you got to do and if
you did it well hopefully tomorrow's
will be better but yeah as always I love
you guys so so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow and stay tuned for a crazy blog
yeah Leona
