yeah yeah good morning everyone welcome
back to another vlog so I'm starting out
today's video in my garden because today
we know what two boxes delivered to our
house so it's time to unbox them are you
ready let's do this yeah die and stuck
in the box so first things first this
got delivered to our house today and I
really have no idea what it is okay so
let's open it up okay wait what is this
guys this is a multiple docking unit you
can put five phones to charger what yo
what yo we actually needed this guys so
it's actually gonna like every single
phone by the way so whatever phone you
have it can charge this is super super
cool so thank you for sending this who
said who said this so now it's time to
show you the second box I got and this
one is kind of like an awkward situation
so you guys saw up for my birthday my
friend got me a yellow pair of Yeezys
okay I actually ordered the exact same
shoe a week before my birthday and it
finally got here guys I'm not making
this up right now guys look look at this
the exact same pair of shoes
anyways what I do want to say is I'm
actually gonna end up giving these ones
away on my Instagram so if you guys are
following me on instagram make sure to
follow me
bay-buh underscore vlog underscore
promotion okay so here's the thing the
first place I'm actually going today is
I'm crazy gonna head over to the cars
room now I've realized recently that
it's been a long time since I've done
any car videos like I used to show you
guys all the new cars and cars that just
came out and I don't really do that
anymore and I missed it so right now I'm
a head over to the dealership I just
miss checking out new cars
alright guys so check it out right now I
just made it over here and it is time to
drive this bad boy yeah so pretty much
if you guys haven't seen a while back me
and my sister drove a three wheel bike
the KTM man and today we're gonna be
driving the upgrade version to it okay
so this is from the same company guys
but it's the four-wheel model okay no
look at this bad boy guys it is
absolutely insane this is also a manual
guys and just look at the doors like it
doesn't have any doors but it has like
these window doors that you open oh oh
anyways right now it's time to get in
this bad boy and let's go for a drive
guys I don't even know what these
buttons do like there's is this a
Formula One car or like
gotta have the squeeze yourself
so the way the seatbelts work you have
to like strap yourself up guys so yeah
you literally have four seatbelts in
here as I said this car is a manual guys
so yeah let's do this okay boom boom
it's time to drive so as I said this car
is a manual car which means you have to
focus a lot guys
Oh
guys I feel like my co-pilot is
stressing out right now because I don't
even know what I'm doing that much it's
good
okay anyways there you go was that is
alright indicate Jim shoutout to my guy
over here here no he was stressing out
the whole ride he was like yo yo yo let
me know what you guys think because I
feel like we need like a cool car in the
family like we do have the supercars
but I feel like getting one of these
would like add to like I don't know fine
now
now getting out is the even harder part
you open your little window thing over
here and it's that's all about it's so
hard to get out oh okay that's not my
phone guys that that's that car by the
way just in case you're wondering how
much these actually go for they go for
around like seventy thousand dollars for
this model okay and you can even get the
other ones for cheaper I know like they
have a three wheel version for like
$30,000
oh my god
all right we out we out you've seen
enough right now that's it so right now
I quickly made it over to the moon guys
I just came to see my boy Washington
tell all for a second and he's gonna
wash my Ferrari for me here goes nothin
Ross is going to wash my Ferrari
for me Oh what are you doing bro what
are you doing you're the worst car wash
brother did you wash it
Ross has got a stash of war balls
in his car but this is not washing a
Ferrari you're just damaging it ah bro
bro thank you so much for your amazing
wash work this is why I love being with
my boy wash it he always has new ideas
check this out UI de la he's crazy
everybody we are finally back home right
now quickly had to change into the boat
logs t sure now that I'm back home
actually show you guys something really
cool and this is actually for my
birthday like everything cool this week
came for my birthday guys look at this
watermelon alright check this out in
case you guys didn't see my birthday
video my birthday was like the best
thing that happened to me this year like
it was the coolest thing ever and this
was the dessert at my birthday like
nobody even had it because it looks that
nice basically guys they brought
watermelons that look like flowers so
right now I'm about to cut into it I
feel really bad by the way I don't want
to do this but like we have to
eventually eat it guys so it's time to
cut this bad boy open it smells bad guys
I love Israel honestly you guys I feel
like this has been left open for too
many days it looks nice but it just
smells bad right good evening
I don't know smelly it comes money can
you spend it no it's good happy birthday
duuude that better 3 2 1 is the coolest
watermelon I've ever seen and we ruined
it guys
we ruined it but yeah if you guys
haven't already seen my birthday video
like everything they brought was just
insane yo like even the watermelon
wasn't normal like it was VIP flower
water Finland I know I just made it back
home right now but here's the thing my
boy Ross had just called me and his
friend has a 1,800 horsepower Nissan
Patrol I all I want to say is just pray
for me and I'll see you guys on the
other side boom - right now I just made
it here to rush his farm I'm
about to go for a ride in the most
powerful Nissan Patrol this thing over
here is 1,800 horsepower that is to
Bugattis in this car guys I told you
this is no ordinary car look at the dash
on this bad boy guys once so there is
like a ton of numbers over here I don't
know what that means but I already know
this car is a beast and then over here
we have like the RPM and everything else
going on this car can beat a Bugatti in
a race so let's go and see what's up
this is an 1,800 horsepower of it
oh my god hey I'll bring over it
Oh
oh right now we just finished up with
our ride in the Beast guys and I
actually want to show you the engine on
this monster okay so this car has two
turbos check this out what this is the
engine under the Patrol so this is two
turbos and if you guys don't know this
car actually takes pure methanol which
like Jets take so over here there's like
a methanol injector for the engine it is
insane I'm not sure if you guys realize
what this car is like this is a monster
anyways come check it out at the back
guys so this is them is this a methanol
yeah guys this is the methanol this is
like pure methanol inside here which
like Jets take so this car is running on
jet fuel like airplane fuel guys and
it's just insane so yeah that's where
they keep the methanol in the back of
the car this is you know you guys saw
that car it's ridiculous like wow by the
way the garage that made this is f
performance guys they're known for like
making these crazy engines with like
twin turbos so yeah that's it that's all
that matters right now anyway I love you
guys so so much I'm gonna end of today's
like you guys don't forget at the end of
this week I'm gonna be picking the third
phone winner all you need to do is
subscribe and comment down below I love
you guys and I'll see you tomorrow yeah
leo
