and a mathematician pink like I wanted
we're not here to fight if you are my
fate not having to grow up here one
right here or going to say to take them
up you don't even walk out yeah good
morning everyone what is up welcome back
to another vlog so today is going to be
a very eventful day to say the least
guys right now I'm actually going to
head over to my boy RSK a later on today
there's a bunch of stuff happening so
let's see how the day goes
I don't want to say anything anyways I'm
actually taking my sister's core out
today guys so let's take this out way
out anyways today's gonna be an amazing
day I'm taking out this bad boy hey why
is it three and when they washed it what
my wife is still dirty guys alright
let's have a good day together let's
have some fun
bro why why do you look homeless right
now guys robbed boy RSK looks a bit
funny today but it's all good man I
could name this video like giving him a
second chance
hi guys so right now we just made it
over to where our stage name before we
so understand the fountain we gotta go
come on
anyways right now we just made it over
to their villa this is insane please not
like this is this is a hotel it's not
like a house this is a hotel and they've
got like this entire village out in bro
yeah god this is the worst Valentine
receipt of my life license right there
at least you've got a fountain in the
house hi guys so this is where they're
staying look at this we got the Rolls
Royce over here you got the Lambo oh my
God look who's back guys my voice start
let's go are you ready to shoot this
video this is you know what I'm thinking
you know like that Nicki Minaj idea
where she came out the war all sexy and
stuff so I'll be in the war and I'll
come out like you got like a nice shot
so I'm out and you get out the water I
want you to run your hand through you
yeah all right yeah I kid you not this
is one of the nicest hotel suite I've
ever seen like it looks like we have a
new mansion behind us Wow
I'm going to work
hi guys so right now we just finished
recording our scenes for the music video
it's gotten a little bit dark right now
but look at the view now with the lights
on this place if you guys know like the
mansions in Los Angeles this actually
looks like one of those look at that
guys late night it's literally pitch
black or my boy RSK is going in the
ocean view hey guys oh my gosh oh my god
where did you go fella I how are you
good you just go now
all right yeah guys apparently you can't
swim pass on set I didn't know this I
didn't know that water there was a
certain time limit for efficient water
right now my boy RSK got kicked out the
ocean that's on so weird kicked out the
ocean I got kicked out of the ocean we
got to pay a bill for the water now bro
my boy RSK is about to jump in the pool
my pants fall off the kids with them and
Eddie
okay I parents are advisory I'm gonna
get you home alright guys they show you
the other side of the house everyone at
home today we're doing MTV Cribs yeah
look down there now that's a view
welcome to the master bedroom
woo our boys here is this is the master
bedroom
oh no way but let me see that
oh damn morning shower to myself hey
another good point well I have to be
honest I'm kind of disappointed guys I'm
kind of like
there's one really miss always happy to
leave an athlete I'm kidding guys
there's one bedroom upstairs but there's
actually two downstairs so yeah you know
you know cooking remote boss have you
ever seen that episode
that's not bothering you to be regular
no this is guiding you to easily his
office this is obviously waiting because
his Porsche oh ah yeah thank you for
fixing my fidgets this thing was going
to light my section oh you did it
what do you mean I did you get it I did
you did a big drama drama drama drama
just grown man aren't you an economist
2017 for you alright anyways Bush but
now I'm heading out there and I'm saying
goodbye to my boy are okay but guys
before I head out I was telling him
about the situation yesterday because
today I'm probably going to go see Adam
and what's up big dot and hope I didn't
add a match another yeah man I met him
he's a dope guy man he's real super
humble he's : came up he said what's up
as though but guys we're tryna is going
on and missing guys I don't know what's
going on I'm trying to end on a positive
note all about positivity it's all about
being good to the people around you know
about you know just caring for other
people we don't need no negative energy
man regardless of what happens this is
my guy that's my model mo+ and anyways
guys I'm gonna try and hit up my boy
Adam or raw shit or something now but I
head over and see if we can squash
things blood each other if we call it
sorted out
dragons in the back yeah
oh alright guys so right now I just made
it over to my man fatty and basically
it's about to probably get a little bit
weird or 10th on the vlog right now
basically who's that a kid I don't know
who he is
who's this nice one camera already
getting 10 / perfect
okay basically guys I quickly came up to
meet with fatty and rush it because
they're here but Adam and the boys are
also here and I feel like it's time we
just spoke with each other because
honestly I feel like we'll time to
squash this yeah guys I feel like it's
best to squash it when everybody's here
because that way like I feel like we
have mutual friends in the middle and
it's not going to get like rowdy or
anything if you know what I mean right
now I'm gonna go see what's up I'm gonna
vlog just in case like he tries anything
because honestly I don't know so I'm
just gonna have the vlog camera to the
side guys but yeah hopefully we can
squash the beef are you snapping me bro
but don't try and set me up with some
guy I have nothing to lose but I'm gonna
settle this okay I'm on your team that's
like 20 people up there but it sounds
like it's all them it's them yet but we
got this right get out of my face you
can say but I want we're not here to
fight wrong this wallpaper happens bro
up here one right here or going to say
to take to my feet and you can walk out
okay barking yes Vinay sure about I'm
not a mu but am I trying to be a kid
right now probably okay but okay I'm not
just not like a little girl cuter like
what I don't know you give this just
walk out this water I know many people
say that's possible here is you man a
man right
now I was like dry bite it like I'm what
I'm because I'm your friend and I'm his
friend so it was going to squash it
right here like so obviously right now
that's when I said listen blogs ain't
coming over there you got a team he
doesn't have it I'm with you so he's
talking trash but of course he's got
people now - ah mclogan just - Kenny
Kenny with it okay let's go do you want
to blind put it up an MEP thought I did
no Bob doing in case you want I'm okay
okay put it I was not trying to end it
up you vlogging it and show me how you
like it okay so when you came yesterday
yeah you literally went up to everyone
get from them pounds you didn't give me
no pound I don't know what that vibe
here now they're all comfy next and then
you were just like oh no I won't know
why like I have oatmeal or speaking more
if I didn't know you showed up out of
nowhere
yeah so I'm like that's why fighters I
come through you didn't know we have
anything going on so why would he he
wouldn't tell me you're there you say I
come through
I got the other to do yesterday was like
you misunderstand earlier I'm telling my
boy it's my fault I didn't want to get
that situation where like people are
like saying oh he said this he said
that's all they cool at least you could
have told me that it I was not even me
that's I wouldn't reality follow like
her or anything that's all that your
next question yeah I remember I should
have told you there before anything I
should fuck you accurately and your
apartment about apartments for whatever
I said I'm cool below it but you've
always been up my boy you mean to let up
to see that's all that we're boys we
don't get it like argue when I school
like video stuff yeah I just didn't like
what happened there but now I'm saying I
know you get my point I had nothing I
was just sorta doing everything for a
few moments later alright guys so right
now me and Adam just finished talking in
front of everybody but we quickly came
to the side because honestly I felt like
inside there it was kind of a little bit
tense and honestly after speaking for
the past couple of minutes of the bond
guys were super cool with each other
like I don't want anybody thinking we
had a drama in the first place but let
me explain where it kind of got weird
basically Adam since dissolved I feel
like there was a little misunderstanding
yes they would study told me to come but
I also see it from his point and out
there and not by trying to disrespect
him and stuff like that so on if you
guys that is my boy I'm saying this on
the blog like in China or her childish
phase conversion oh and I have the one
thing to say to Allah first of all it's
kind of muffled to in a way because from
my point of view was like I had no clue
even coming in when he showed up I was
like what are you doing here I just
spoke to him on the phone and when he
posted on the phone he said bienick
speak to me so that was a big
misunderstanding
so I'm sorry about like misunderstanding
and what they I'm sorry for approaching
you in a negative way I'm not I promise
on that so guys one more like my work
but I watch happy people harm I never do
this
I know and plus the least I expected
people to have done with me and him dead
because I did you guys if you told me I
Deborah's arguments and honestly like
guys I feel like I kind of understand
everything from his side and so like
what's over calls you to come right up
buddy yeah fabulous
so values beginning he's one that
colonies counter to go and he's pretty
further issue not find you call you to
pick station so yeah
Fadi thank you but if you started it but
still thank you because you pick I guess
you fix anything about them we're cool
guys Adam one more time guys roll guys
sorry I'm sorry what the honesty we used
to hang out all the time it kind of so
weird loud they are we not hanging out
so there's something but guys a doobie
gang your scores we're going to hang out
way more it's all good
I don't imagine will good love not
enough everybody else to avoid guys I'm
sorry for everything
good boy and I don't want to be like no
my heart was really what it on I don't
want to be that like that guys like I
start issues Evita videos gone yes for
now is the ideal and this is got some
fun guys
peace oh yeah I was there's been a
couple of hours since she lost for me
blog with Adam anyways guys right now I
just came to my sister's car now look at
this kill flowers what what okay I'm
pretty sure they thought that my sister
was driving or something because I never
get flowers my ever so thank you thank
you to whoever gave me flowers I'm just
going to pretend like they were meant
for me even though they weren't perfect
you're not let's hit up home guys no
more drama a do me gang your squad rule
good oh yeah stop the Beast
we're hi thank you so I just made it
home right now and I think these flowers
are for you yeah wow they don't smell
like anything they just don't they do
they smell like flowers they don't lie
is your son of Dundas all I roses brush
I mean was it from okay I think this is
a message it says I read it for me I
think it's a eight year old my
eight-year-old son Briana and rider and
daughter is very big fan of yours oh
thank you behind the Rihanna Rihanna
know who's ahead and redone we had and
Rita thank you so much for the flowers
like secret admirer I'm secret admirer a
guy that I was your father yo our boy so
now that I'm home I actually show you
guys something really cool my sister got
so basically wash you without a fan gave
her this it's like this really cool
Eiffel Tower but it gets even cooler are
you guys ready to see these guys check
it out
whoa look at that
but yeah anyway boys as always it is the
end of the video so I have to say how
much I love you and how amazing you guys
are you guys need to like show your love
back by hitting the like button but
apart from that guys all jokes aside
today was an eventful day to say the
least but yeah as always refreshing
goodbye guys I just want to say spread
positivity guys there's no need for
arguments and anger and whatever not
honestly hopefully today shows you guys
if you're having a problem with a friend
of yours just honestly go sit
face-to-face and talk it out being on I
love you guys so so much make sure to
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video
see you guys tomorrow Yolo Yolo bye
