you have to perform in a minute of three
and you drive a 2014 caller
I have no car get the hell away from me
right now get away from me yo what is up
everyone welcome back to another vlog
okay now before today's video starts I
want to talk to you guys on a serious
note okay so honestly guys for the past
few weeks I've been looking into doing
new things a lot and today I actually
have a really big opportunity in my hand
okay and I know I can't really tell you
much about it because you know how it
works with things you do this is like a
big budget thing that's happening guys
and I'm involved in it but I'm really
really excited because for the first
time I'm kind of doing something beyond
what I've done before if you know what I
mean so it's about to be a very exciting
day guys
honestly I wish I could show you more
but just know there's gonna be makeup
involved there's going to be
professional like filming equipment it's
about to be lit it's a big deal for me
like it's just kind of moving into new
stuff if you know what I'm trying to say
yeah so yeah let's go have a good day
whoo I guys to check it out right now
I'm in my makeup room doing my makeup
better
we
hi guys we just finished shooting most
part I think I mean I think we're
dunking right ya know so please get me
outta here
alright guys so right now we just
finished shooting everything by the way
this is the lady that made me little
pretty and stuff like that she was very
all my makeup I love nice without makeup
yeah anyways guys I think I was being
done over here I mean we did a pretty
good job so I thought I liked that by
the way guys check out the camera we
were using to film me this thing is over
a hundred thousand dollars late look at
it it's got its own stand and everything
yeah yeah very important stuff whoa so
we are finally home right now it's
bitter lonely already guys I actually
spent four hours over on my shoot
anyways right now we're actually heading
out to do something very special
basically bare Bugatti yeah oh there's a
guy when I was in London I go to sign to
Arsenal t-shirt which is in here oh wait
for it guys BAM and I'm actually going
to go and get this frames right now so
right now I just made it over to the
frame store but look who I bet what's up
and this is her brother who literally
ran it through these are these are these
guys are super super awsome anyways boys
right now as I mentioned I just made it
always is a frame store as you can see
this is something I need for the t-shirt
guys like a frame like a proper frame I
can put it inside but some of them are
really really expensive but yeah guys
are crazy looking around the thing is
it's going to take like a couple of days
to make it so yea the frame is not gonna
be ready now
I know you guys called your bead but I
came to check out the balance show right
now and it's beautiful
hi guys right now me and my mom have
come over to a restaurant but this is
one of the coolest places ever like the
environment over here
is so so nice as I insane you're like
trees and everything really nice anyways
the thing is they actually have a really
nice piece over here it filled with like
meat pepperoni is a stacked on top of
each other so that's what I'm going to
order myself and one more really cool
thing about this base guys let me come
and show you they have like the longest
table you're ever going to see in this
room over here guys check it out now
imagine governor to eat with like 20
people and they'll give you this entire
table like what you're you know one
thing that we did you guys look at the
spices they have over here guys one
imagine eating this right now mommy
I'll give you $1,000 $1,000
great mom Mosby alright don't don't eat
it kids be like I thought it's real you
guys I need to show you a special guest
of the video right now my man over hey
hey hey what's up through your your
scooters everywhere okay give them a
nice message a sweet message the van eat
healthy food technology having a
feedback okay yeah that there's lots of
meat to tell them how much you love the
man I love more long I love move locks
video and I don't mean no me that after
after this I'm going to watch myself
sake love myself I love all of your
viewers and they helped me drive a man
think I owe a higher voice the beats are
just lady here look at this
it's covered literally covered in meat
I'm gonna my this one of the nicest
pizzas ever guys
oh all right guys the lot of just made
it over to us I'm worried right now it's
not even about you guys are right now
we're in the Versace store looking
around this place is lit I mean lit guys
they even have a Versace baby stroller
it's a research you guys could you
imagine your baby going on little bit
it's not like we're Saachi cushions in
there whoa Milla we have mommy Lana
would have this such a profession
medusahead Oh me like oh no my nightie
she's like it for such a manicure Marisa
yo the back on this thing looks so cool
wait okay guys we just made it home
right now and they should be mmm yeah
they say can we see you and there's a
rabbit oh my goodness a baby rabbit
please just not the same rabbit that's
not the same rabbit I'm not sure if you
can see it look at the rabbit one that
is insane hey buddy
oh wow aha no come back
he's eating something from the tree what
is that so now that I'm home it's about
time that we got into exposing some
people yes basically I've seen a couple
of our youtubers do this like Sniper
Wolf living like a wolf
basically guys right now I'm going to be
reacting to homeless people getting
exposed today we're going to see the
life of a fake homeless person guys or I
just do this guys it is about to get
intense look at this guy look at this
guy trying to fucking dirty somebody's
rubbing dirt on his face he rolled on
the girl look at our little sticks in
his hair
what sticks in his hair
this guy is unbelievable are you fucking
kidding how he's rubbing dirt oh oh oh
yeah what the hell are you doing my man
like at least be smart about it
yo my guy just rub dirt on his face and
his body to try and make you seem like
he's dirty in front of like 50 cars like
he's are gonna stood inside the park
somewhere or somewhere thought my dad
stood in front of everybody's lunch wait
a second what is he doing wait why is he
taking his pants
what oh you're trying to get me right my
man has his legs crossed over I mean he
is sliding I don't know what level you
need to reach but that guy is a
professional
like what I'm never gonna look a
homeless person the same anymore like
this is insane you ask it belong in a
bit of freak and you type of 2014 caller
that's Daniel a yahwah in the video well
I'll see this little old lady there are
78 90 years old is looking like then he
works two jobs but still tries to give
to people who need help I see you hungry
I give you a readout
through our birthday I did not eat give
you photos they make me mad when I saw
her Monday behind it yes they were you
Martin
Johnny the morning is here a lot of
money in her left my fact that this
video has been viewed almost two million
times not lady was back at that same
median today I didn't want to talk about
her car I have no car get the hell away
from me right now get away from me
she just slapped the camera Bernsen he
said he had a Keaton to give her money
like he sacrificed his meal and she just
swore like the Carol I didn't well
that's that's madness because that's red
stuff that is rest like he said he gave
his own money that he was gonna eat with
to her and she was riding around with it
new car watching this type of stuff
actually get to like skeptical of what's
real and what's not like I don't even
know what to say guys like as I said
watching these videos it can kind of
leave a bad image in your head like the
next time you see something on this but
I want to say do not let it do that okay
because honestly as I said I don't think
this is the scenario for everybody I
think a lot of people genuinely are in a
bad situation and these guys these are
the guys that mess it up for everybody
so I so say yeah you guys you guys are
bad but yeah guys as always I love you
so so much yeah guys don't forget just
subscribe to the channel right now
before I look I respect I just back and
rear bar as a family and yeah I'll see
you guys more galeano
bye
