okay I'm starting the day out with my
multivitamins oh yeah hi guys so as you
can see right now I just made it over to
science house now the thing is I feel
like it's time I taught you guys a
little bit now you guys know YouTube has
been like my main income for the past
couple of years and honestly I've kind
of reached a point where there's a lot
of things going on on YouTube the
Adsense is low and you guys know your
boy has been striving get a real job are
you basically guys today we actually
have a fun little experiment on the vlog
you guys know I've never really had like
a proper full-time job or anything
so today my bad sigan hired me for his
company sell any car
basically today your boy got a real job
guys
and I'm gonna be working and yeah let's
just see how many cars I managed to sell
guys let's go all right bye-bye
how many cars I buy guys let's do this
oh all right
much better guys anyways as you could
see I'm down with my official uniform
guys okay I have a couple of questions
okay what is my job consists of you have
to as a car vlogger inspect cars and
whoever buys more cars myself or him
gonna win the competition it's actually
one week you have to work but wait there
was this in the contract I'm struggling
on you're gonna sign so we have around
14 locations here you're gonna sign half
to you and have to me which location
buys most cars is going to win a few
moments later
oh we just made it to my first day at
the job we just made it to my first day
I might just be nervous right now like
you got nervous when you have a new job
alright guys so right now I just made it
over to sell any car and my boy sigan is
trying to train me on my first day at
the job so
over here it's a paint checker yeah our
paint thickness checker basically you
see of like the paint on the car is even
and right now I'm going to learn how to
use it okay so in order to check for if
the car has been repainted
I suggest test the roof first because
that's usually not repainted if there's
an accident rarely what does it say okay
it says 6.5 okay now compare it to the
other parts why thank you okay put it
there to the next one there 14
so this this part is repainted because
14 is much thicker than the other parts
so probably has been painted twice point
five there you go original paint and on
top exactly yeah okay so step number two
is we actually need to take this car the
test five guys test drive yeah it works
nice out so right now we're taking this
car in a test drive it actually drives
pretty nicely I have to say that it's a
pretty smooth ride this is nice shitty
nice is it good
and actually feels really smooth like
when I turned it it kind of feels like a
Rolls Royce I swear I'm not even joking
with rolls-royce he know he feels like
look when you turn it it's like super
easy
here's so much lower than I thought this
guy's really slow guys a little bit Mike
completely down listen to this I go I'd
hear anything
a few moments later okay so this is step
number three guys we're actually going
to lift the car to see the condition
under the car case oh my god look at
that if you guys could see there's a lot
of rust over there so that's pretty
normal when it comes to brakes for cars
like this but you mentioned that in the
inspection report we have a nice car
honest car inspection as you guys can
see in Beijing as I mentioned hit sigan
are did this one of a competition we
want to see you buy some more cars this
week again so
but you can also this is my location I
think there's a science on occasion so
wait you have to work there now yeah you
need a real job yeah I am do I get to
keep this shirt by the way yes sir yes
yes now I can write on my CV work that
sell any card
gunfire than one week a few moments
later alright guys this is the second
location and after you've learned how to
inspect the basic turns of a car now you
learn how to deal with customers so he
needs to learn how to close customers so
you need to teach you what questions you
usually ask so most learning now it's
been already one or he's learning the
opinion one hour bro
yeah did you learn basically I've
learned a couple of things you need to
find out what the customer wants you
need to meet his needs I guess yes and
just I don't know make the
exactly a few moments later oh my god
okay my nose is beating so there you go
that has been my first day working at
sell any car the thing is I was supposed
to do more working guys but I got a
nosebleed so today I'm taking the day
off with my boss behind America but you
have Beijing you guys pretty much into
the situation me and sigan are doing
like a competition so if you guys go in
the description click the link to
whoever you're supporting and yeah the
winner gets an iPad whoever guessed the
right team okay so if you want to sell
your car go book an appointment for a
free car inspection and yeah either I'm
gonna win or his locations gonna I got
blood on my t-shirt on the first day
that's hard work a few moments later
right now my mom went and got me some
fruit skies and look at this what'd she
call me the tiniest pineapple I've ever
seen in my life oh my goodness look at
that guys why is it orange oh my god it
looks like it's diseased
it looks like it's diseased guys
I just hear you singing yeah that's your
stage right there how long is your damn
stages it never end
are you still on that stage I can't live
if living was a Dodger yeah alright guys
so right now I couldn t came over to the
gadget store and I want to show you a
ton of new cool things they have a cave
the first one is a plot okay just like a
normal plot but whenever you touch the
leaves it makes a noise I know it sounds
crazy guys but check it out
BAM besides you guys can see this is the
plot what every time you touch the leaf
on the plot you can see the speaker
works now that is awesome guys so every
time you touch the plot the speaker
somehow knows you're touching it because
it's a weirdo and it makes a noise so
right now I quickly stopped by the
camera store because I needed a
microphone but they have a new camera
out and I love what they've written
about it check this out guys BAM
he says hi vloggers that try me now like
what they actually know guys like
vloggers anyway the thing is I actually
bought a new microphone because I broke
my microphone for my big camera and
that's why I couldn't use it for the
past like a couple of weeks but now
inside this packet guys I bought a new
one so yeah basically from tomorrow
you're gonna see me using my big camera
again so it's like super clean and nicer
than the one I've been using right now I
came into the sports store and my man
behind the cameras tiny recording for me
signe I want to show you this all right
I don't know what this is supposed to
people you can actually fight it guys
though
like boys being one thing really so you
can actually like practice dodging
look guys you can literally just punch
it and then on the way back you have to
either dodge it or punch it again like
so it kind of tests your fitness holy
moly I am unfit what the hell okay for
now I'm heading up home guys but I just
want to say I might actually buy myself
a bike because one of my friends
actually told me we should go bike
riding together like in the desert yes
in the desert guys and if you see over
here guys they have desert bikes like
these are meant to be ridden in the
desert so like you could go there and
lose a lot of weight but on the same
hand they are kind of expensive guys
back home right now it's actually time
to show you guys what I bought when I
was out back my guys look at this
microphone it's so hairy but yeah
anyways pretty much that is that guys
honestly today was super fun working for
seitan I know that sounds weird saying
it but I was working for my billionaire
friend today guys which is always an
achievement bro I got a real job today
you should be happy have you ever had a
real job yeah
okay I'ma be honest my sister actually
has had a real job before guys but
actually they don't even know what you
work guys before okay if you want to
know what my sister used to do she
actually had like a proper job guys let
us know by liking this video and know it
wasn't something weird before you guys
start thinking no it was a legitimate
job legitimate job by the way this is
making me laugh so much guys but look
what's over here we have the keyboard
from the keyboard or your music video if
you guys remember it guys look at this
whoa but yeah guys as always I'll see
you guys tomorrow for a ton of crazy
vlogs coming out this week and yeah I
just hope you guys are also having an
amazing week as well alright I'll see
you guys later
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video and yeah I'll catch
you guys tomorrow
y'all aaaah oh boy
