stop stay I don't think it worked I
don't think you're worried what is up
welcome back to another vlog so today is
actually gonna be a very very fun day
basically I'm all dressed up as you guys
can see I got my new backpack on a and
today I'm actually heading to the jungle
yes basically guys right now I'm heading
over to pick up my boy Ross head since
he's back in town today we're gonna head
over to his farm and just play with the
animals like the lions and tigers and
stuff like that you know that the casual
Dubai stuff guys see ya we're gonna have
a fun day let's go and let's just have
some fun
yo alright guys so check it out we are
back holy moly there's two white lines
above yeah there's a ghost
brush it has like a ton of new animals
and a ton of the ones we used to see are
now grown up so all the way up oh my god
bro bro there's a lion chasing us haha
guys these are all of the white lions
over here we're actually gonna go inside
the cage with them right now so wish me
luck
ah ah who's a good boy all right guys
here goes nothing we're opening the cage
right now the longest first blogger's
first oh my goodness we are inside so
right now we're inside the cage they're
all ganging up on Raschid right now oh
my god guys I said this is the funniest
thing ever
yo guys I'm actually sweating cuz if you
don't know oh you know that one is
staring at me
bro you never told me they write that
huh thank you guys I'm pretty sure the
Lions are tied right now so they're just
chillin over here damn these guys are in
another level right now now you can see
I've lined with me all right anyway bro
I stopped doing that stop doing that
I sure my hand is shaking right now okay
so I think one of the big problems is
the fact that I'm wearing red so the
Lions see me as a target guys like you
can see like it's very obvious but my
boy wash it over here he almost got bit
almost killed him the scar show them the
scar guys that was actually from a lion
one day or a tiger a liger
damn I'm kidding guys
guys look at this look at this beauty
okay so right now I'm gonna go in for
round two we're gonna try and take a
nice selfie with the lion guys I just
got eaten by line oh you're done so
right now they're chasing the palm tree
thing you're moving away I just stopped
the lion I stopped the line right now so
as you guys so that's how you do you
just say stop and they stop stop
stay uh I don't think it worked I don't
think you're worried basically when it
comes to lions you do not want to run
out all or show fear because as soon as
you run a little bit they'll hunt you
down or as soon as they see like you're
scared it's the worst thing ever so wait
what's her name icon right which the
female don't females the white which
yeah white hunter oh my god they're fast
and snowy so white which white hunter
and snorey okay basically guys if you do
I contact to the lion you're less likely
to get attacked no no no but if I don't
you're just gonna hit me
hi guys I tried my best to take a selfie
with them hopefully it came out good
honestly even though they're eight
months old they're really strong yes
they are how the hell did you fight with
these things everyday it's everyday bro
oh my god anyways guys for now we're
done playing with the light oh the last
time I saw Versace it was a baby I'm
gonna put a picture off the last time I
saw Versace
damn that's Versace the same one I saw
and look how big it is now hello when
it's you know the Vice sofa anyways for
now we're gonna say goodbye to the Lions
guys it was amazing meeting you thank
you thank you for what you did to my arm
guys you guys are amazing
yeah okay so right now two of the baby
Tigers just made it here guys I think
these ones I've never seen before look
at them
oh okay so the Tigers just made it here
guys these are the baby Cubs as you can
see these are the new ones
what breed are these just Tigers no way
no way okay guys so this is a divide
this is a divide born tiger right here a
Bengal tiger
oh hi guys today you're watching mo
vlogs yollie oh no wait today have names
yet no yeah bro you have to call it more
vlogs okay bye guys so there you got
today I have my new tiger mr. mo logs
over here so one of them is gonna be
more vlogs on tomorrow's okay done yo I
just got to lion's roar or two Tigers
hey oh my god mo is kissing the camera
move back I'm getting a tiger massage
right now or Russian dude you're missing
out on this have they ever done this to
you have they ever given you a massage
like I swear to you so much yeah guys
I've never had a massage with Tiger but
the good thing is it's a baby so I call
her
alright guys so for now we're officially
done over at Raj's house the thing is we
were supposed to go swimming over here
guys but yeah we kind of just like said
man we gotta you know what I think we've
done enough over here anyways guys the
thing is I haven't been here for a while
so super fun catching up with all the
animals and guys listen your boy is a
warrior out here look at that I got bit
by line and I'm still alive so I'm a
gangster guy before we go anywhere my
boy rocket has an announcement to make
so if you guys get a hundred thousand
eggs four hundred hundred percent we're
gonna go skydiving and above the palm
jumeirah okay basically my boy Ross had
said if we manage to get a hundred
thousand likes he's gonna take me
skydiving and I I don't know how I feel
about that like I'm gonna make it happen
I'm going that's my insulin sorry guys
okay if we do a hundred thousand likes
and I don't think we can okay I'll do it
I'm gonna get we're gonna get it back
okay a hundred thousand oh no no I was
cause he's so scared you know he's so
sick you know you could die you can
actually die my my boy I believe I can
fly
I believe a key touch this guy now that
we're outside it actually comes to play
some football guys basically we don't
get a little bit of exercise in grow my
voice Shahab over here what's up what's
up get get me out here guys who said
roar today from the hood yo bro how
about this if we get 50,000 likes I can
paint on your Easy's yeah
50,000 likes I paint on them done hi
guys so we just made it over to the
restaurant check this place out hello so
as you can see we're back in the Indian
restaurant I want to show you something
really cool about this place they
actually give you a bag as soon as you
enter and inside here is like your
napkin and stuff hey what was this for
like the back to school the back to
school they change every season we're
gonna open this backpack so as you can
see this is the backpack and inside it
is your cup they give you a cup they
give you your little napkin guys and
yeah that's pretty much it so they
literally just brought a palm tree to us
on the table there's sand there's a palm
tree and there's some sort of food in
there oh wow they're making ice cream
which is minus 200 degrees if you put it
in your mouth you might just get
frostbite oh my god here comes ice cream
guys and diabetes right there
hi guys so this is the dessert we're
having today it's like this watermelon
ice cream thingamajig I don't even know
what it is but okay boy so we just
finished eating our food at this
restaurant but it's literally completely
empty cuz we're the lost people here
and I want to show you the decoration
like look at this face why why so we're
about to leave the restaurant and my boy
left his Vuitton wallet here guys so
let's see how long it takes him to
realize all right okay guys I'm just
gonna keep it with me until you realize
this by the way big shout out to my man
over here this guy is awesome the
coolest thing is to give you t somebody
goes around in a bike okay check this
out bang so this bike over here that's
the T in the back and they ride around
the restaurant and give people tea which
is super super awesome guys so by the
way they have a Polaroid camera over
here guys so I think it's time I took my
first ever polaroid picture three two
one oh yeah oh my God look at it is
printing out it's printing out his
pictures gonna appear here guys look at
this
shake it shake it shake it shake do guys
look at that look at that here you go
bro thank you can you sign it for me
anyways guys right now I'm saying
goodbye to the boys people and then
peace outro wait where you very
much I have to get my mother and you
forgot it
I got a piece bro guys he forgot his
wallet alright guys I just made it home
you know how I told you guys I've been
sleeping on the floor for the past week
my cat has joined me here we got my bed
and my cat sled VI guys now that I'm
home I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog as
always I hope you have enjoyed honestly
I'm super super tired but today has
actually been a really fun day as I said
it's been a while since I've been to my
boy Raj's house so it's just cool
catching up with all of the animals like
I feel like I know a ton of the animals
like honestly even Versace the big line
you saw we saw it when it was like tiny
so it's I unlike its grandpa or
something like I know this kid while
he's growing up like the lion that is so
yeah as always guys if you haven't
subscribed already go ahead down below
and subscribe also click the
notification Bell cuz a ton of crazy
videos are coming this week and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video and as always yeah
leo
Oh
