yo DJ rot that track runs on a track rod
that track we're starting out today with
the boost guys we're finishing up the
vocals from my new song it's going to be
cool
that's the name guys again that's the
name of my new song where is my lyric
sheet bro don't worry memorize your son
by now I don't I don't need to memorize
anything so you already know your boys
spinning some bars right now bars so
this is the final process to our new
song okay it's just about done it's
gonna be a banger going in my line don't
go in my line
shake what your mama gave yes you heard
you guys shake what your mama gave you
again anyways that is all you guys get
to hear we quickly just finished up the
vocals to the song don't worry it's
gonna be a shaky one right good morning
and good morning grandma how are you
I've voice as you can see my grandma is
actually cooking this morning and you
know there's nothing better than a
grandma's cooking as she's about to make
some special potions in there so yeah
what is that she's got a new hairstyle
by the way and there is guys the thing
is right now I'm actually heading out
because basically you guys should know
my boy Ahmed he's the one that gave me
the Bugatti the first time he's actually
at deals on wheels right now and
basically you guys know how I want to
buy a car I want to see if I can get him
to sell me a car okay because normally
he doesn't really do that I deal with
the guys that deals on wheels but this
time I want to deal with him because
he's like 15 so he might gave me like a
special discount or something I don't
know I do I don't know and yet maybe he
can make it happen guys yeah
alright guys so you already know I just
made it over to my boy
Ahmed aka the Bugatti flag hey hi
brother listen I'm here for one reason I
I need a car today I need to apply your
car no not just for a weekend I need to
buy a car you know one it's been a very
long time guys so today my boy Ahmed is
going to sell me my car and he's
actually sold a car before yeah I just
did my first one like two weeks ago
still good can you get the second bill
today all right let's go car shopping
without me all right all right all right
okay so check it out boys the first car
my boy Ahmed is showing me is this beast
okay
the AMG GT are now you guys might not
know much about this car but it's a
limited edition Mercedes which it just
came out this is 2018 honestly guys the
thing is this car is like a super beast
but I don't know I don't know is it this
or something else you think show me more
options but show me more options okay Oh
guys now this one is tempting me
basically I don't know what it is you
know I've actually never owned a
Lamborghini oh yeah this will be my
first Lamborghini like I know my sister
has one yeah I like where this is going
guys
anyways honestly the color on this
Lamborghini is really nice blue is my
favorite color
hi guys so this is one of the cars were
looking for and honestly guys I'm not
even joking I'm actually looking to buy
a supercar like hopefully this month
what I am the money we shall the car I'm
sorry buddy
I was earnest you guys we're trying to
look around the thing is like I just
arriving from them yeah I love the for
580 but I feel like if I get the four
five eight again everybody would see it
as the same song
he put her back in the trailer you can't
take it again yeah guys I honestly I
wish I could get another four five eight
but I know the conversations going like
oh he got his four or five maybe he's
boring because okay honestly and I want
something different so we're going to
look around guys they have a ton of
beauties this one is on my favorite this
is the 50th anniversary but it's it's
limited edition of the prices you know
the way back to work so it was nice to
count works this one would be perfect on
this car over here hi guys I'm not gonna
lie one of the hardest things ever is
choosing a car so that's why you need my
boy athma to help me out
so next option McLaren p1 Oh where's the
owner your man comes in you get you know
maybe do you want to listen inside I
don't think you know how my bankers guys
listen my boy Athens might get carried
away a little bit judge ought to see the
price tag let's go show them the front
side guys the price on this bad boy
six million pair listen listen my I'm
balling but like listen I ain't that
balling Lyle if maybe the million like
the one not a millionaire than one the
ones I give you the one anyways guys the
thing is I think we have one all right
you know which one it is I know it is
but I don't think we'll show you it I
guess I can't show that okay so before
we show you any other car guys we
actually have a special guest on today's
vlog okay boy she hasn't been on the
books for a while basically this is
yourself introduce yourself right I
don't know what to say about if you say
I'm the self-proclaimed Chiquito and
he's got like the opposite side of life
to me so if you're ever out partying in
Dubai you know the guy to hit up yeah
kid look out for number one events Dubai
I'm that guy hey you trying to
self-report
versa as I mentioned right now me and my
boy Ahmed we're looking around there is
a car I'm getting ok as I said guys but
I can't show you for the meantime
because we got to do the deal ok I'm ed
are you ready to do the deal cause
everything come in they wasn't gonna buy
that car before Mordor guys this always
happens to me
every time I mention I'm getting a car
and I let you know what it is people
come here and say oh what's mo getting
what's more getting I'm like no you
cannot no and they try and buy the same
one yeah that's the problem so I'm not
telling you and I'm getting you're gonna
have to wait and see it take American
glass surprise surprise oh oh we're at
the meeting room ok I'm not gonna sell
any Facebook quick oh yeah I'm not sure
if you guys know this is this is where
you actually close the deals guys so
listen like if we go to calculator over
here guys the Lamborghini okay let's
just turn this on I want the Lamborghini
for 500 terms let's let's make that I
think we have a deal millena whoa wait a
second guys you're Ahmed come covers all
the cartoons gonna win no listen listen
listen
everything Columbia everything
everything has to wait right now I think
I completely changed my mind
check this car out BAM
oh that's it can you guys see this
it's a color-changing Rolls Royce so
from one angle it's green and from one
angle it's blue this is the most amazing
rose okay brother so how much how wow
wow wow okay obviously I'm not going to
get a Rolls Royce guys because I have
one but down we like
for now I'm officially heading out guys
wait Jonah come with me yeah let's go
are you actually going how did it really
I don't know okay let's go hi guys we're
heading out together honestly I have no
idea where we're going so get into my
car I feel like I'm kidnapping him but
why should we go I'm introducing my boy
outfit to my songs right oh gosh I know
get some food Persian ignored my phone
done with - then get dad's away right
now he just made it to the hole guys
honestly I don't know what we should do
over here actually have you tried that
right out that's anyone oh you're
watching yeah but no I thought I thought
your video of it alright you know we're
going guys oh it's time you keep up it's
time we just ate some food now we go to
euros go to what I got
I wanted to go sneak right now we
shouldn't have be a brutal here we've
got an idea so now that we're done with
the ride I just met these awesome girls
over here what's up and they have a
shout out together with it oh yeah guys
if you must be one special person
because all of them are doing them shout
out so shout out to you oh my god I feel
so sick right now anyways we came out
there's like a ton of girls I mean why
not the today's is all about making my
boy Ahmed suffer so he's going to be on
the shot chair gay fair oh you say that
you're fine you're not really funny you
just can't get into it easy with that
Roger
okay so right now my man over here they
have won so many tickets it's great you
guys look at it Sam
all of these tickets they've won playing
that game so that is amazing guys how
he's like a robot
oh my god anyway that is great guys
Richard you just want all of those
things I think you can Maya Maggie with
that all right whoa
I gave always were officially done
inside the mall for now and now we're
heading to play football by the way guys
listen do you she disgust he's very
smart he's very smart he he makes money
of selling cars and then he's got a
Versace t-shirt glad she was honest yeah
like I can see what he's doing guys he
gets those Commission Jags I joke anyway
just my card yo okay so we just made our
two football guys with the legendary
Leonel mesti yeah
hi guys basically he has to do something
good otherwise I'm never vlogging him
again I'm s you go what can we get well
yeah hi guys to check it out I just made
it over to mummy mo we're doing some
shopping right now and I found the
coolest thing ever
Sam okay guys are you ready to see what
this t-shirt does alright I'm going to
quickly wear it and show you okay so as
you can see guys this is a Batman
t-shirt but look what happens when I
swipe it
what Wow it changes color guys look whoa
the door number two right now and I
found some really cool stuff
bang it's like the ocean on your t-shirt
guys I'm gonna quit II try these too
that was on a let's get on a bike on
guys oh this is nice oh they're stealing
they're stealing either species Oh
getting high getting are you guys are
you guys slugging you guys oh my god
comments cider man oh it's still bad -
different colors
what the hell oh no way I swear together
again what hey that's crazy you guys are
both saucers coffee job anyways now I'm
here they have a performance they want
to do on the blog guys so let's see what
this performance is yes hello yeah yeah
yes
remember way oh no no no no way yo yeah
we have time for that we have found you
not do this nice tonight very cute
yo okay best time yo guys that was the
most embarrassing thing ever
fans just came up to us and these guys
are going a Wimble a listen listen if
you want to be on my blog you can't give
me that nonsense
what do you know your words like what's
going on hi guys one more time
you know you know how many kids dreams
you just ruined
how many kids dreams you just rendered
that song anyways guys now that they're
done singing we just got our chocolate
cake it's time to eat you know maybe
when you eat you'll be like happier too
thing
my name is boom
hi guys so check it out we are finally
home right now listen I just finished
having some beautiful dessert it was
amazing it kale is amazing anyways check
it out this is my beauty sure I got guys
merch Lincoln bio virtually I don't have
a virtually cat eye
I know anyways guys as well as on
arrival today's lucky I hope you have
enjoyed it listen I look good I feel
good and my new car is coming soon so I
can't help but smile say guys as always
make sure to click here to subscribe
click here to watch my last video please
do one of them right now and yes I'll
see you guys tomorrow
jolly ole oh boy
