today's video is gonna be a little bit
different we're gonna be donating money
to people who live stream on Twitch
but we're not going to be donating to
anybody normally people donate to the
most follow the most beautiful the most
most whatever but we're gonna donate the
least popular piece we're gonna be
donating $1 by the way guys I'm still
gonna pick girls just because girls no
girls no ability the by the way all
credit goes to mr. beast I'm sure all of
you have seen his videos where he
donates money so this is where I got the
idea from so yeah guys I'm stealing an
idea or we're stating clearly no I
wasn't I just you told me about it no I
did well you're you're part of that no
okay so the first girl has 22 viewers
inner stream 22 people are watching
ourselves let's star you ready go he
donate $1 I rely $1 to cheat we're gonna
donate $5 to start with a gay guys see
more vlogs ten times can you say Bowl
vlogs ten times
okay say my name say my name baby and
save my name baby
alright is company guys know I like that
like guys this is the first no lines
guys we about to get a wife right now
wait does she have a boyfriend
yeah so basically I'm gonna donate a $5
again just to see if she has a boyfriend
okay do you mean we're not asking her
for anything
it matters to me
next donation we're gonna donate $10 for
her to death 50 times
nobody's gonna she's gonna dab 50 times
for how much $10 guys I guess some
things money can't buy so next up it is
my sister's turn and she picked astral
Jordans donate five dollars making sale
onerous borrows five times you're paying
them five dollars bro yeah you say my
name say my god Danny cheapskate say
butter at that time I need what I need
that was more than that okay this guy
look at this guy
oh my oh my goodness what is he wearing
guys what the hell he's so passionate
disguises dressed up as a night playing
fortnight oh no have you ever seen a
night dad no dad oh oh wow thank you
very much
about ten times main destination you
want me to dive for you ten times a
second
so the next donation is gonna be for $20
he has to take off his suit no take off
the suit
no the Sioux astok cake oh the stupid
take off the suit wow this thing takes
ages just get this straight
yeah so Chris no in front of us of this
it's a band don't know in front of us
no these naked Andre yes away something
so we follow the rules you asked if to
take up super super you did
I don't have to do half the outfit he
just took off his clothes for us and
came back with a wig a big one thing the
barn is so passionate sing the body song
passionately so I salute you
to you but you'd say here love me you
love me say you love me do here we go
songs too long sorry generous I can do
that if you moments later
yes this is I
oh how cute
okay so right now we just found our next
victim guys I'll be straightforward all
right we're just gonna go in it will you
be my girlfriend will you be my
girlfriend
will you be my girlfriend
how dare she
you know I'm not taking no for an answer
guys we're gonna double the money and
see she'll be my girlfriend see my
girlfriend please you know what I'm a
dish turned out you died because you
weren't my girlfriend you know because
you are not my girlfriend that's what I
thought that's what I thought yes you
might go but you know that has been
donating to twitch streamers brah guys
what is T I feel like I'm a gold digger
right now like honestly I'm not even
gonna kid with you guys I feel like if
people donated to me like are you a gold
digger I'd be their boyfriend easily
like yo you don't need two dollars I'm
yours
like Haji Jordans shameless I'm a gold
digger guys alright anyways there you go
boys that has been a stony to twitch
streamers let me know if you guys
enjoyed it and yeah that's about it
goodnight alright we love you guys
