good morning everyone what is up so I'm
starting the vlog off very spontaneously
basically I was just saying you're doing
my editing on my laptop guys and you
know those websites that have like those
spam ads like how to lose 10 kg in 5
days
they always seem to have an
advertisement with my face on it guys
okay BAM
if you guys can see this advertisement
that's me and and they put two ads at
the same time with my face on it guys so
yo listen I just want to say if you guys
ever see my face on an advertisement and
you fall for a scam you played yourself
okay it's fake okay I did not make it
you're probably going to get scammed do
not go and click on it okay please dude
up don't do it anyways what is love
everybody welcome back to another vlog
I'm going to continue doing my editing
stuff guys and then I'm going to be
ready in a couple hours so we can go out
so yeah just just sit around for a
couple hours and I'll see you guys then
bye
I was anyways right now we're about to
head out of this bad boy
I start the interior on this car just
makes me smile that's how beautiful it
is
right now I'm actually having to go drop
this bad boy off at the showroom
honestly I love the car it's just
beautiful guys and mommy was behind me
in the Mustang hey guys that's lovely
well
so the first up today is actually the
petrol station I have no idea where my
mom and sister took this car but it's
out like it has no fuel inside it so I'm
quickly pumping some gas I actually
forgot to bring my wallet and I luckily
had like thirty Durham's in my pocket
guys so yes but anyways you guys might
be wondering why I'm actually heading
out the house this early the thing is I
had something special coming up very
soon okay and it's correlate indicate
basically you guys know I always love
buying cars and there might be something
on the way very soon as long as the deal
works okay listening your boy I have to
get it at the price I want I'm just like
anyways oh jokes aside there is a very
special project coming up soon and
honestly I just wanted to drive this car
around a little bit so yeah I mean just
we're just chilling out here today man
oh
okay I did not do that what is happening
that car is going crazy
Henry's boys right now I just made over
two deals on wheels and I quickly
dropped off the g-wagen but you know
what's funny every time I come here
there's a new car being propped up guys
Sam this is actually a very special
Ferrari I don't even know where to
school I think it's the FF you know it's
a club it's the f12 but it looks like a
special edition guys ba guys I'm
actually quickly going to eat over here
because I saw they have teeth
okay oh hello a few moments later oh
look who's here
look at you Rosie haha so excited guys
you get so excited when I get home
say hi to the camera say hi to the
camera y'all Lyoto y'all okay listen
take my keys you can go go my Mustang
keys well Rosie business yo yo yo no
nose what you guys do with so now that
I'm home I have another big announcement
for you guys today basically I told you
for a while that we're dropping a new
music video and my sister is just about
done producing it yeah just about our
voices need heavy tuning Wow I mean
heavy tuning so we have to download like
loads of apps to try and like make
ourselves sound normal oh yeah guys new
music video is coming soon I promise you
guys trust me it's gonna be lit when it
comes out anyways as I said right now
I'm heading out so adios I'll see you
guys on the other side are you oh my god
you're I still want you bro it's
permanent it's a big birthday done
something Charlie listen I know they
said it's gonna get better but what the
hell guys is not dancing guys I want I
said it takes a month I want you guys to
call a resident be like I that's it
there's one reason I actually came here
today okay and that's not to see sigan
able to see its car
she coded nameless and window broke
wrote amazingly mum had just got like he
picked up a white Aventador today and
I'll say yo this I mean since we are
good friends I deserve a ride in the
thing is right now we just had something
really exciting go down we're both
getting matching suits so they measured
us up they did everything yet huh yeah I
think the same fun day I tell you
something no one else knows you know
this color yeah this suit right here
doesn't fit in his pants are okay oh you
don't need to know that much you always
want to try and start going online Nikki
intercourse Khalifa oh my god you slip
it up zip it up oh my god I would draw
but here it's moving just say where
you're flying anyway guys this is how
you get into the minds of a singie right
now I'm heading to the car isn't it what
if I should be getting really hot at
sigan how's it going outside we have
better and an insert oh my god oh my god
we just made it into the elevator
without anybody noticing oh oh here it
is guys the Lamborghini of mesda door Oh
guys damn
oh yeah guys so check it out right now
sligon's actually quickly taking off the
roof on the Lamborghini now no sir aha
me if you guys know this you have to do
it manually so yes guys listen I don't
think he knows what he's doing another
it isn't listen listen you had your
chance no no no II do please stand up
exactly yeah okay now be completely
honest with you guys one of the biggest
problems when it comes to owning a
convertible Lamborghini is the fact that
their manual like you do not realize how
stressful it is taking it off because as
cool as it is without the roof it kind
of just is annoying if you know what I
mean like you have to take it off and
put it in the booth apart from that the
cars beautiful man oh yeah there you go
the struggles of owning a line he has no
idea what he's doing I think I have to
help him
I think I have to help you man anyways
guys it I should be sigan first time
seeing my car we create fix the roof on
that guy look at my bad boy oh yo what
do you think about my car it looks nice
but do the rims all black right
okay guys I'm working on it just listen
you want to sponsor your boy light it's
a cost a lot of money to do what our
room yeah a few moments later yo hi guys
so we have a little bit of drama going
on right now basically I'm actually
heading over to the police station right
now because one of my friends is in jail
okay no it's not as bad as it sounds
guys but hear me out
so the thing is apparently he got into a
fight with a taxi driver and it got
physical and they both saw it like
punching each is that guy cuz I hold a
love ballet it's insane so basically
we're gonna go to the police station see
if we can like bail them out see what's
going on because like guys when your
friends in jail like you don't you don't
want to like ignore the situation so a
few moments later alright boy so it's I
should have been 2 hours since I've lost
blood right now we're inside the station
as I mentioned I wasn't recording
anything because if you guys see this
cannot actually record inside the police
station but we quickly came outside
because I wanted to talk to you guys
basically we're just trying to see if we
can get both parties to agree to just
let it go if you know what I mean
because at the moment what's happened is
as I said my friend had gone into a
fight with a taxi driver and they're
actually both in jail but yeah that is
the situation guys anyways it's really
funny because they have like a police
cell overhears also well if you stand
mine that looks like you're in jail a
few moments later alright guys so it's
been about five hours since we've been
here and everything is finally done and
to kind of spread a positive message
from today's video I just wanna say this
is where the fight began guys and we
squash the beef sell
okay our voices can see right now my boy
Conrad is in the car and he's out he's
safe man
and today I want to give you guys the
story okay so since we did come here for
like five hours
basically I'm like they say what
happened rise up show they was up to the
years but here take the camera and talk
to the first victim
okay so I got in a taxi not asked to go
to play we're not going there I had to
just come back and give me to you me an
executive place it took me again and
falls it is I want to paint such as
Laura not basically guys we argue and
then a counter turn physically I know as
soon as I left the car it turned
physical but of course I called the
police
basically what we do want to say is guys
never try and make wise guys down we
kind of learned this in the situation
guys we're trying to spread a positive
message out there and my boy Conrad is a
good guy when you are there you really
supposed to pay you yell for if the
Hampus are tiny can change in time
magical work practically
night with that and out of nowhere your
life is at stake
I really think it's not important at all
and thankfully we got out of to
everything with school and police are
super nice about it I need to think
we'll go and I'm all around I also
wanting you can have a lot of friends to
evolve and spawn and play football with
maybe but your true friends is when you
need them the most
yes they show up that is a great keep
following keep watching kids like guys
subscribe cuz these guys I only want I'm
just talking about boys out guys so here
you know tomorrow are going to celebrate
and just be happy my new gang inside the
day is going to be no penny I was
telling good joke
many seeking God I never knew this is a
better friend you know like a bunch of
people inside right there is around the
hunter so I thought it was like one room
for each person but they will get to be
each other I will see different 10
minute Legos if I'm gonna stalk to play
my Ruth play we're gonna make a hole
that guy is very tall maybe he can lift
me up for the character I was in
friendship with the guy who can help me
for now we're gonna leave at that I'm
gonna go home and sleep and cool it a
day all right
that was the plan let's go please hey
buddy hey buddy hey buddy how are you
ha ha yo i Boise I finally made it home
right now as I mentioned it's super
super late so I need to go to bed as you
can see Rosie's out here what are you
doing what are you doing outside Rosie
yo she literally ran out as soon as she
heard me Oh who's a good boy anyways
guys as I mentioned it's been a long day
so I'm going to say goodbye to you guys
here
if you did enjoy today's with your make
sure to subscribe down below I love this
dog man I'm going to stay outside for a
little bit playing with her guys but
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another epic vlog I mean today was
really good guys like honestly in these
situations you do really realize like
who your true friends are and who has
your back if you know what I mean
and honestly like my friend I was with
me he was the main guys handling
everything but as always guys click here
to subscribe click here to watch my last
video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow where
hopefully nobody gets arrested all right
so yeah
Galliano Oh
