no way oh my god oh my god good morning
oh my god what are you doing hi guys
welcome back to another day with Rosie
today we're gonna train her to sit hey I
that one sick joke that's not how it
works
anyways good morning everyone what is
that welcome back to another vlog now
before I start today's vlog Akane I have
a very special car in this house check
it out guys I'm back in exact
I'm sorry Rockwall any luck oh yeah it's
matching everything your way did you
know this is gonna happen now how did
you end up wearing blue basically I had
to give my rolls-royce in for service
and in the meantime my friends that feel
so real hooked me up with this band you
guys I'm cool friends brother probably
messes oh this is his car guy beautiful
but my sister hasn't even seen the
interior I need to see you guys I mean
it's not my car but listen I love you
all of you you're amazing guys though
come check out the interior whoa to be
right Oh Eddie's black okay excited
everyone look at the coach I got crazy
damn you know how you open a watermelon
and a minute that is actually really
cool my goodness let me tell you
something this is not a normal car this
is a BRABUS oh my god little bit
expensive so that's why the big ballers
on this side oh my god you guys
hi guys check it out Lana is tiny
compared to this car Oh
oh this is beautiful your hair kind of
matches they do you kind of lended I'm
actually heading out without this car so
this car is for you today okay dad how
do I get the ticket in the machine I
don't know take the keys to the car I'll
waive a wrong key does abou gotta kill
I'm sorry I'm sorry I was and that
that's my car for today
all right anyways guys there you go
that's the car that's gonna be replacing
my rolls-royce for today
yeah man not bad at all what's up he not
careful oh my good what young guys I
think the owner left his air pods inside
there that is insane anyways guys right
now I'm actually heading out to meet a
very special person and you might be
wondering who this is they're actually a
youtuber actually a youtuber I used to
watch before I even used to like we used
to watch like guys I'm not sure addicted
to this guy I'm not sure how many if you
guys know him his name is comes up
productions
baby baby yeah basically you guys you
see the volumes like yo let's meet up
and I was like listen I used to watch
you before I started YouTube you're an
inspiration man so let's go and I'm
picking him up in the blue Raja I woke
up in a new Bugatti
I hope ya buy it if he doesn't I imagine
he says no I like oh my god here is I
I'm heading out to go see this guy so
let's go and have some fun
let's easy woo I'm sure you need the
camera by now so he gon reverse you left
your camera I realize I'm pretending to
flex guys I need my camera I bye bye
guys so check it out I just made it and
here here let me get to the point yeah
anyways we're about to go have some fun
guys listen have to pull out the bad boy
for today yours you know and you know
what's crazy guys this guy's huge well
what the hell is very you know what
there is not working I don't let me vlog
I'm just gonna be like this the whole
time I like that I like that I did yeah
this bitch we go anyways guys we're
heading out right now so let's go and
have some fun so I'm here with mall and
we are driving safely they figured
sneaker guitar and we're going to every
school is that correct yeah basically I
wanted to do something are you on a diet
and if I'm if my personal trainers
watching to my I'm on a diet
oh wow Wow
oh my god Oh Juba move out the moment in
fact and still bit higher out yes you
pray now pray a lot
yeah I can say hi to the commentary
what's a ton of everything you see ah
cameras I know people gonna watch this
yeah a lot of people don't watch this
anyway I have been watching the movies
that you make in youtube without habit
for that joke ah thank you I appreciate
it alright you just met your astrology
he was like yo I know you provincial all
that you do is I yeah where's your must
know like and I know that do you know me
and you just anything so yeah okay so my
boy is here we're about to have some
milkshake I've enlisted he's supposed to
be on a diet my light yeah yeah I just
don't don't show a personal trainer this
video so I don't know
yo guys look at this hums I just owe all
of my fans guys can I can I be in the
photo no no guys please can I know I can
paint over I want I want to be in the
picture man you don't see many people
die a million five million at this
moment so now that we're done with the
milkshakes guys my mom and sister are
just about to get here and he's going to
see what car they rolled up in you
thought you had muscles yeah okay no my
mother's just rolled up with the house
on wheels let's go to houses as this is
the struggle my grandma can't get out
the car we made it we made it to the
ride yo are you ready for this I am
ready if you'll take a chocolate yes oh
now I'm like and now I'm going to be
sick let's go guys this is very very
clever time this guy you have to
understand the intelligences preferably
just fit me so much chocolate and now
he's know you dislike it sort of how do
you make me sick let me tell you this
gonna be some vlog footage again hey
this is the ride it's nothing to lean
back you hold on tight
it's low power this is like you know
places like this with that oh oh my god
look they made it ball thing supposed to
be a kid right there's other business
people this should be an easy all right
guys I think everybody's calm down now
after the ride where you get it yeah
we're going to try and win at we now
like a very calm game yeah not much pain
because I see guys I'm like that's one
of the funnest rides I've ever been on
one if you like oh oh can he do it guy
that's perfect
come on if he doesn't get it this is
cheap Oh
hums are you go finebros and maybe
different waiting go say hi go trihard
the kids and they don't know meaning I'm
a father
we actually ran into some Hamza fans out
here do you guys watch his channel
what's his name
no what is his YouTube channel
oh thanks I've stayed on the camera by
the way I promised you there no in a
cage or anything make a plan loons IRA
cute guys you see my boy Hamza taking
the selfies out here look how amazing
this latest one is he just wants me
imagine anyone any shot out
goodbye guys for now we're heading out
you guys were just jumping in the
precise building from football so let's
go not fun yeah I guys so check it out I
just made it to my boy Abdullah we're
about to play some football but he's
about to show me his dog okay and his
dog is not like my dog okay guys time to
see the dog oh my god whoa is he safe
bro oh my god
yeah I can come in your sniper was okay
to me painful so I wanted to go to the
toilet you said is that the toilet yeah
no way thank you you guys the toilet is
behind the dog I can't get to him okay
listen guys I know what just happened
seemed like our Molly tried to kill me
listen guys I pushed me from behind
while laughing before I nearly
experienced this right that dog or
dragon dog that I was vicious anyways
we're out alive that's all that matters
yeah we're still about was something
from Game of Thrones that was not those
guys I've never I've already seen notes
that Canon looks when you're into that
chat that was like you know on those
girls that turns out to be a psycho
there must have put some different sewer
when you saw down to that side because
that doesn't look for in five boys so we
are officially done over here God there
saladin funny I shouldn't find - there's
something against Hamza and I got the
dog was racist man the door is really
racing Muslims everybody in the room I
think my big is my date other guys were
heading out listen to this
what I have to do as well you're looking
like you know I'm Greg like my yard you
know anyways we're heading out peace out
guys shots my boy hums uh much love for
meeting up with me why this year go
support diary of what anyone and this
was Batman I have four Galaga just such
a good day yeah that's alright that
honza productions taking me out
subscribe if you won listen thank you
feed both of us right now listening
items could do it just do it
whoa we are finally home right now
anyways it's been an extremely long day
today guys so I'm gonna wrap up the vlog
right here I just want to say today was
actually really really fun like I don't
know why I really enjoy it guys I just
love meeting new people especially
somebody I used to watch before I did
YouTube soul-shattering man hums the
super fun hanging out with him and yeah
guys it's my first time seeing
Abdullah's doggies well that that thing
was a month yeah dinner that thing needs
to it needs to be on a leash be a guys
as Louise I love you guys so so much
make sure if you haven't already
subscribed to the channel please go down
and click the subscribe button honestly
guys like recently there's been some
glitches going on and I don't want to
lose you guys so make sure to click the
subscribe button and that bill being as
besides from that everything is Gucci
and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another epic vlog anyways click here to
subscribe click here to watch my last
video and yeah no Leo no oh
