okay we have a serious issue right now
ah much better
good morning come on
yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so the screen on the camera
keeps on fogging up today just because
out what it is look at me if you're like
within five seconds you guys can barely
see me so that is how the weather is
today ah dis camera skinny butt yeah
right now we're about to go have some
breakfast guys so let's go anyways check
out this view guys wow wow wow I'm so
tempted just a jump straight into the
lagoon by the way just to give you a
better look that is what we were riding
yesterday yep so yeah if you guys are
wondering what boat we were on yesterday
that is it good morning the family is
heading to breakfast right now let's go
I've actually never been to breakfast at
this hotel there's like four hotels next
to each other in this area oh my gosh
look at these cakes guys are so
beautiful
Wow I have never seen anything like this
and look at the Louisville taste that is
incredible
okay so right now we're just having our
breakfast guys look at our mum block
really this is what they gave her for a
cappuccino it's like a cock inside a cup
guys
she's stealing breakfast she's stealing
breakfast there's not enough space in
that little box this is how you make use
of unlimited breakfast if you don't do
this when you know tell you haven't
lived life you're so awesome please can
you help us steal some breakfast we're
trying to take it back to the room so we
need to know oh yeah so as well as well
we have the whole squad out here and
breakfast guys hello gang gang gang gang
bro that's like a whole that's a whole
meal guys oh my god she doubled up she
got two boxes now - two boxes holy moley
one wasn't enough ah is that an egg how
are you taking away in anger so right
now we're heading out of breakfast guys
this place is absolutely beautiful but
look who we ran into gang gang reality
man this guy is actually going to make a
presentation about me for his school
thank you um you need to appreciate this
guy there's so much hard work rule you
guys so give him as many okay I gotta
original also including I appreciate it
thank you and we got my boy over here
with the coolest hairstyle ever I like
that but yeah anyways for now we're
heading out for your honesty this place
has one of the craziest buffets ever
like look at this lining there your
dragon and look at this chocolate
Salinger
dinosaur Distiller oh my god bless you
hi boys it's officially time we're going
to say goodbye to the hotel we're
actually checking out right now so is
actually been super super fun but more
importantly okay guys goodbye to this
view yes okay I'm gonna break the door
alright guys oh my god
goodbye view goodbye and yeah we're
gonna say goodbye to the hotel let's go
okay guys so right now we just made it
back home from the hotel and
unfortunately something a little bit sad
has happened honestly guys normally I
try not to share this stuff on social
media but I felt like just showing it
because it kind of spreads a message out
there for you guys to also try and keep
yourself safe but right now we just go
home and somebody actually tried
breaking into our house and robbing it
while we're gone so did you guys look
over there they've actually tried to
break our door and they kind of have to
an extent if you guys can see that and
yeah basically I think they get a brick
into our door and they smash the glass
as you can see that right over here is
where they try to hit the door and then
that it's actually double layered guys
so that's why it hasn't gone through
completely but if you can see all of the
glass over here is shattered I'm just
trying to show you everything that's
happened right now before I get into
saying anything they've also tried to
break this door if you guys can see
there's a lot of like screwdriver marks
if you come over here they've also tried
using a brick okay
now the thing is I'm sure a lot of you
might be wondering why didn't they just
continue the thing is I'm sure a lot of
you probably know this already cuz
sometimes in my blog you might see
somebody in the background but we do
actually have a security that stays with
us guys I just don't understand like why
people do this honestly guys I feel like
there's so much bigger things people
could
do the trial on estill shoes like that's
the best they could get out of our house
property or something like that video
guys pretty shitty situation anyway the
reason I'm actually showing you this
guys I just want to spread the message
make sure you stay safe guys but yeah
guys that is a situation that happened
honestly I kind of just wanted to share
this to let you know that everybody has
things going on in their life like I try
and keep the blogs as positive as
possible but honestly this isn't even
the first time that we've dealt with a
situation like this hence why we do have
security now in our house and etc etc
bigger guys stay safe I thought I'd
share that with you guys just in case
you're wondering what's going on because
it feels kind of awkward if we continue
the day without letting you guys know
anything we're guys that's the life of a
youtuber I mean the only good thing in
this situation is it makes for a good
thumbnail
I guess honestly guys I know it's a
shitty situation but there's not much
you can do I know me being somebody in
the public stuff like this is more about
to happen like everybody knows about
your life with stuff like that but but
yes there we go that is the situation
guys as I said I thought I'd show you yo
our boy so right now I quickly finished
up with all of my editing work and I
have time to talk to you guys again
honestly I didn't want the situation to
get in the way of my blogs because you
guys know it's everyday bro we're guys
now that I've uploaded my video let's
talk about the situation a bit more so
first things first this is the door they
tried to come through again the bottom
one the window is way brighter because
as I mentioned it's a double gloss so if
you can see this part looks like it's
glowing but that's because one of the
glosses is now broken okay so right now
we actually have people coming to sort
that out obviously which is kind of like
a headache like really broke really
really you have to do this but as I
mentioned guys honestly I feel like in
life everything happens for a reason
okay like everything I sometimes you
need to realize like yo maybe you need
to do more to secure yourselves guys and
I know a lot of you probably don't have
this issue but I mean be safe even when
comes to you going to school which way
you walk home even the smallest of
things I remember even when I was in
London guys when you're a kid you're
more bound to like people picking onto
your stuff so even if you're a small
person watching this or a young kid I
remember when I went to school there was
an alleyway we had to pass by to get
home and I once almost got robbed
okay I never got robbed guys because you
know your boys are savage I'm a gangster
you nobody can do anything bigger guys
anyways right now my she's heading out
to go see saw my friend oh ok guys so
check it out right now I've actually
come over to see my boy
I'm ready guys I showed him what
happened to the house Ahmed one lesson I
can teach you they don't want you to win
they don't want to end it or anything
they don't want you to exceed anything
so they don't want you very successful
like is the street that doesn't line you
guys watching you're all amazing ok but
there's like a small portion of people
that are probably not even watching this
video you know who you are you know
they're always not watching this video
you know you guys I didn't pause my I
didn't finish University oh yeah that's
right now me and my boy Ahmed are
downstairs and deals on rules like the
private section and I swear this is my
favorite line up guys
BAM look at these 2 Mustangs this over
here this is special ok looking at this
car you can tell it's a special car like
honestly it just looks so badass it's
like on a movie
fuck you yeah let me be honest with you
guys I'm actually talking my boy ahmed
about soughing the Aventador I'm giving
him a hard time on Loyola you sold me
the wrong boy and he's like baby on me
look at my soccer I always try to help
you you're like I like it I'm okay you
like it on weekend does okay basically
I'm trying to discuss what I should do
with it because as you guys know I'm
like still 50/50 on aventador 50% of me
just says change the color and it'll be
nice but at the same time I I'll tell
you what I want again this this exactly
this I really want to go back to my
first Ferrari guys like honestly it's
such an amazing car but it's just hard
or one other thing
one other thing is a McLaren fire
honestly I think it might have to be
this but as I said let's see I just I
need to work it out in my own head first
honestly money-wise it would make so
much sense because the Aventador is like
way more expensive than these cars but I
just like them more I don't know you
guys let's see I think the car is
amazing I think the color maybe no color
they're kind of getting of this gave you
a pink that honesty I think people love
the color by the way no no I like I
honestly like to just thank you like you
need you know anything manly you know I
don't mind but if you great unique man
I'll give you a compliment
let's receive the Lambo for a second
they actually have a special car down
here I don't even know what this is guys
but check it out one East East
what is it good a book pert guys I don't
know who made this car but it's a
buffered so yeah there isn't one thing
that's really cool downstairs guys look
at this they actually have like tanks of
petrol oil money oil money we are in
your James Bulger side it was a level
results day like a week ago so I hope
you guys are good in your exams stay in
school kids although although your exam
about everything that matters that's yes
you did good be happy if you didn't do
good well look at me yeah I did good
is it good yeah actually I actually did
I go for it like you did good all your
money give me all your money there you
can have it or less yeah but look at the
camera it's so blurry
pull up on you pull up on me DJ please
stop with your black car song give me
all your money
oh yeah so right now we just finished
playing football my camera is constantly
fogging up please peace out peace out
Gang Gang anyways right now we just
finished playing football guys as you
can see I'm super sweaty the camera's
fogging up just because of how hot I am
so I'm gonna head off home I didn't
really vlog any football because you
guys don't like to see it oh this is so
annoying
hey guys we're now heading up home so
let's go wait a second wait is what are
you doing I get up people get up okay so
we have a slight little situation on our
hands right now I don't know if I should
be upset or happy or angry okay it's
kind of weird right now guys basically
my own friend has got a made a diss
track on me yes basically I'm not sure
how many of you guys remember my boy Ali
from London he actually just sent me a
video
who'd the Moloch diss track so we're
going to react to it together guys again
Joe Allen DBA go expired ready to kill
this
MoMA pro producer but you are for it and
it's time so jump over fucking tour this
is the only way I can let you know you
about you slacker boat away another
shooter and this one I require more
tourism tax from your husband I'm not
now ization ice line icon I doubt it now
I just want to stop there or just
possible you I've also building their
own pop or rock music I think a bit me I
listen it wasn't the best distract again
like the reports internet how's the case
so I mean I'll give that to you guys ok
or just slide a DS my guy I'm still had
react to that because you send it to me
guys so yeah all right there you go was
that has been to destroy anyways as
always boys I want to wrap up today's
vlog here Queenie just took a shower
if you did enjoy today's blog make sure
to LIKE the video I know there wasn't
much of a blog but honestly you guys saw
the situation we're going through I mean
it's not like I'm just comes at Yoga is
this an amazing day
somebody tried to rob my house no
obviously I had to get something stories
out on my side so yeah as always I love
you guys thank you so so much for the
guys that support me you you right there
you're watching this you support me
because you stop right here to the end
so don't forget to subscribe by clicking
this button
watch my Lassa T by clicking here and as
always I'll see you guys tomorrow
yah oh yah oh oh
oh boy
