ruin is about to be an exciting day what
is that welcome back to another video so
today as you can see I'm out in the
bugatti right now and i thought why not
make a different type of video for you
guys by the way i with my mom right now
i actually want to tell you guys how
expensive it is to actually own a body
again and you guys are probably going to
be so shocked because this car it's
expensive in here so today we only see
how rich you actually need to be to have
this car beautiful yes okay so i found a
nice place to park the car up so I could
talk to you guys so let's get into some
numbers because that's what everybody
wants to hear so when it comes to the
Bugatti there is a lot of cost that you
need to add up guys and you guys are
going to be very shocked when I tell you
these numbers but they are all true ok
so first things first as of any car tire
change okay now the tires on the Bugatti
they are very very expensive and the
thing is to change all four tires it's
going to cost you $30,000 $30,000 just
for the tires guys yes that is insane
and the thing is guys usually it gets a
little bit better after the third tire
change bugatti recommends that you
change the rims as well and that's going
to cost you a hundred and twenty
thousand dollars yes now the thing is
I'm sure low if you're wondering why do
you need to change the rims and the
tires after the third change with
Bugattis guys they actually superview
the tire to the rim because that's how
much force the car makes and if they
don't do that they're going to have the
wheel spinning without the rim so just
it's just that time
okay this car is a beast okay so now
that you guys know how much it costs to
change the tires on the Bugatti let's
move on to how much the service costs
not a thing is every six months you need
to send the Bugatti in for a minor
service which is this your typical oil
change or filter change and that's going
to cost you twenty thousand dollars yes
for an oil change so every six months
you have to pay twenty thousand just for
your minor service again now it gets
even juicier acacia insurance on this
car now the thing is here in Dubai
they're gonna have to pay between four
to five percent of the value of the car
for insurance and bearing in mind this
car costs over a million dollars that's
around fifty to sixty thousand dollars
on just insurance per year I should hate
it so yeah guys I don't think I need to
tell you anything else the tire changes
the oil changes and the insurance alone
they add up to over a hundred thousand
dollars a year guys so yeah now you guys
know how much money you need to have and
the thing is guys that is just the basic
cost on this car now god forbid anything
goes wrong or you have like a failure in
the car that's that's just something
else okay I don't even think we should
get into it anyways guys that is how
much it costs to own a Bugatti
I mean there's a lot of other stuff you
have to think about let just put that
into your head for now but yeah this car
is a beast so I don't even mind guys and
your now let's take it on a little spin
and listen to this bad boy
Wow these guys a bitch oh my god
anyways voice there you go that is the
Bugatti I mean honestly I don't really
know what to say about this car it's
just such a beast when you think about
the technology that's gone into it and
yeah honestly the status is just on
another level like when you roll out in
this car it's just ah everybody looks at
you in a special way you know what I
mean anyways good morning how are you
guys doing as you can see this is how I
started out my day me and my mum quickly
took out this beast for a little Drive
hey mommy what do you think about it
nice that that's it expensive yeah
that's the real fault
I honestly guys so many people don't
really care about the car and the
technology but they just know it's
expensive so that's why they love it
okay I'm quickly going to turn on this
bad boy I want you to listen to the
sound it makes right
yo I was - check it out right now I'm
heading over to go see my boys Fadi and
Abdullah I'm gonna go chill with them
we're gonna do some swimming and good
stuff like that it's really really sunny
today guys so if I come back with like
really tanned arms now you know why okay
now you know why yeah about to throw the
camera to my man fatty three turn good
morning hi guys so check it out I just
made over to my man fatty look at the
view right now a beautiful day in Dubai
we're blessed out here guys what can I
say anyways right now we're just
chilling at the beach enjoying life we
just went swimming guys honestly today
is just a nice day guys I know you know
I was doing before this house in the
Bugatti event Wow
we already know man either you should
see it in person though Abdullah if you
do 50 I'll pay you
don't worry like $5 Oh
guys just my boy Abdullah he's a
professional footballer if you don't
know so that's why you can do this
I stopped like it we believe you we
believe you bro oh okay so right now
we're playing a game of football you
guys so let's do this okay so right now
we're actually going to take a buggy
right around the area boys it's unsend
everything looks beautiful so let's go
on a little adventure together
I love man private stormy news let's go
man it's a bit too romantic that you
think I wanna sit there I get legs on a
little road it's really romantic date
night out here guys I feel that one
honeymoon oh my thank you bye everybody
yo guys now this is what you cool on
guys the thing is the guy she's giving
us a tour we've been here before we just
want to go around and do everything of
course savage skrt skrt skrt guys when
we told you just a beautiful city man we
weren't playing with you my Dubai
you better get onto this vlog because
sponsor me bro sponsored a guy Hank my
Dubai hi boy so honeymoon is officially
honeymoon is officially over back at the
hotel right now no fatty tell me that
was a nice honeymoon you're you're the
best date ever Adam online bill right no
expectation no complain why wish so
right now we just came over to my boy
Abdullah's room he has over here and you
are not ready for this view okay check
this out BAM
guys this is the craziest view I have
ever seen in October of we are opposite
the Burj alive gang gang gang gang gang
you guys can see the inside right now
anyways boys the thing is right
now we're heading out to go eat and I'm
meeting one of the yo-yo squad like
literally all just messaging from my
phone so we're going to go eat with a
year Squad band so hopefully he'll be on
the vlog is well he's super awesome so
let's go chillax all right you guys
ready to go let's do this who are boys
there check it out right now he just
made it to the spot whirring and now
with my boy Prasad basically lost time
I'm M on the blog he was doing some car
shopping and guys a lot of the people in
the conversation didn't believe he's
buying a car he is buying a car like
it's happening right what a what anybody
you know yeah she matches the G Wagen I
like that we got his brother as well you
already know Jen gang this guy's a
savage she's a young savage right here
alright so we just finished eating and
my boy has a really cool drift RC car
check this out Oh guys look at this
thing anyways man it was great seeing
you guys for today high-five BAM
high-five guys you're going to see them
more in the vlog soon so peace out
Charlotte's your friends one more time
shoutout to Hamdani Muhammad they love
you so an aphid and the whole family and
the squad Yolo Yolo booster hi guys we
just moved it back to my man Bebe's
house head and I want to show you is
better I do yeah listen soon okay why do
you afraid that I'd no motor in there
because that's going to be for someone
special who someone real special miss
daddy
anyways guys the thing is I want to show
you these over here the EZ 750 is okay
the thing is if you guys remember when
they came out I tried so hard to get
them these are the only shoes I've ever
tried actually getting and I still could
why boy so right now he came out to eat
with my boy messy as you can see to go
really straight make video don't don't
below there's one floor I don't see oh I
wish to check it out right now I just
made it home and I actually need to talk
to you guys because I'm really upset
okay something happened a couple days
ago and honestly it's just got to me
again I need to talk to you guys about
it so the thing is I'm not sure how much
you guys have seen my video a couple of
days ago where I told you guys that I'm
giving away my dog Rosie
after reading the comments on that video
I feel like I need to talk to you guys
just to explain myself because I feel
like a lot of people were misguided in
that video okay and this is not me
trying to cover myself in any way
because I got a lot of like hate when
they came to that video and that's what
upset me guys so basically let me run
down what happened guys like two weeks
ago I saw a dog on the street that was
about to get hit by a car and I felt
really bad so I took him in okay I took
her in I bet it she was starving
literally starving guys I took her to
the vet and I loved it I loved the dog
guys her name is Rosie and before I say
anything else guys she's still in our
house the case so don't worry she hasn't
gone the thing is a couple days ago now
that she's been doing better we actually
found her a place that she could have
gone and I mentioned you guys that I'd
be giving her away that's me being
completely honest with you guys we found
the place which was nice and somebody
I'll take care of
but that didn't really work out guys
because she's still with us but honestly
I'm heartbroken at the fact that so many
people in the comment section were just
so like abusive saying you don't care
about her or you don't want to take care
of her honestly guys if I didn't want to
take care of her I wouldn't save her
from the street like I feel like it's
just so sad like people were just like
judging based on one thing the reason we
wanted to give her away found a really
nice place for her and it's just it
wasn't us giving her away to like
because we didn't want her checking her
out while she's young and she hasn't
really adapted to our house it'd be nice
for her to move on now I don't know I
just feel like so many people like we're
just hating for no reason and it kind of
put me off because I love animals like
if you guys know me both our cats are
rescue cats one of them we found in the
mold which is hit by a car and the
second one we rescued from a rescue
shelter so I feel like it was just
really sad and heartbreaking to see
people like saying so many mean things
about us and like we don't care about
animals if you guys known us but yeah
guys I don't really want to speak too
much about it I just want to say that is
the scenario but yeah guys besides from
that everything is okay I hope were
clear terms now and guys as I said I
want to say one more time I'm not making
this video to like clear up anything or
like try and save myself honestly I was
just saddened at the comments people
left because it was so misguided if you
know what I mean as always I love you
and I'll see you guys two more for
another amazing vlogs stay smiling and
yeah just be happy guys I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah leo know where we're going click
here to subscribe click here to watch my
last video and yes Yolo Yolo bye don't
