oh wow no yo oh my gosh you're kidding
me
good morning what is low your score will
come back to another vlog so today is
actually going to be a very exciting day
okay what are we doing line up cuz
you're a window shopper man and me you
know okay basically guys you know that
we have four cars right now and the
rolls-royce the Lambo the Lambo and the
Mustang okay but here's the thing
recently I've been watching a lot of
videos about the tesla i know you've
become very upset you keep showing me my
mom everyone guys it's so cool it's like
it kind of like becomes beautiful in
that sense you know like guide honestly
i don't like the way the car like the
functional I love the functions okay so
right now we're actually going to go to
the Tesla showroom
I'm probably not going to buy the car
but what's moving my money right now
mommy don't a license you don't have a
license what are you doing basically
guys right now we're heading over to the
Tesla showroom I want to do a little bit
of window shopping and yeah let's just
go see what's up
all right listen today my brother's
going to show you one of the world's
coolest cars and you're going to be very
much impressed because I'm sure you
didn't know a lot about it guys it's
like ordering a tank look at look at
this you ready guys so as you can see
well you can issue that includes bio
weapon defense mode
yeah that even prevents viruses and
bacteria from entering the car so if you
guys want to have some like machine guns
on the Tesla some defense modes just be
23000 and you're good
okay so right now we just made it to the
Tesla showroom guys time to go check out
what they have here the semi his
Testament wait is it a lot
well you thought suppose I wait okay I'm
at the Tesla oh hi guys so right now we
just made it to Tesla look inside it oh
my God we're here are you guys this is
about something cool well something top
secret or top secret FBI okay let's go
okay guys so as you can see right now I
just made it into the Tesla showroom
it's time to show you the baby guys BAM
oh the Tesla Model X
this is the beauty guys basically guys
there's a ton of things I want to run
through with you on this car but first
things first the doors okay you have to
as I check this out okay look at the
back door right now oh yeah honestly I
start every time I see a Tesla it just
blows my mind oh my god this door has
sensors guys so if you're in a tight
space it actually won't touch the person
all right so we're going to open the
doors guys and it's actually not going
to touch my sister it's going to detect
her and then like kind of open without
touching all right Oh guys look at this
it detects her and slowly opens without
actually fully hearing her am I thinking
through something nobody's seen on
YouTube what it has its own Christmas
dog a little guys I don't know what they
programmed into this car it's actually
going to do the dogs for us right now
so enjoy the test Buster's does not know
oh my god
Wow
Wow okay so here's the thing guys I'm
actually considering ordering one of
these cars but I don't know if I should
so Eddie if you want to see me order a
Tesla make sure if you've ever liked one
of my videos like today's video you
actually can close all of your doors
from the display all right look at that
look at that no let me know what your
thoughts are guys do you think I should
get a Tesla I don't know it's like if I
get a test flow I'd have to sell the
Lamborghini now that changes things now
that changes things guys do you want me
to sell the pink Lambo and get a
testament I'm not going to say I know I
was closed to these guys but there's one
more thing I need to show you okay the
engine on this car you ready guys yes
this is d50 over here guys look at the
engine down wait there's no engine from
the future bro
okay so you might be wondering where we
suddenly came to right now basically
after looking at all the juicy cars we
go hungry
yes guys we're actually in a super cool
restaurant check it out oh by the way
guys these are actually plastic just to
let you know so yes they are not real
did you know that stress spelled
backwards is desserts so right now we're
about to eat some food and I ordered
myself some time back that is some sass
little anybody like that is disgusting
that is probably for a few moments later
so right now we came over to the
christian louboutin store if you guys
don't know where this is they have like
all the super expensive shoes and I'm
with my friend Russian and the phone
collector day he has like everyone look
at this look at this do you wanna tell
oh no yo oh my gosh you're kidding me
in between the feds what are you kidding
me how much artists okay this is
something I can imagine you buying
myself right I just part of your budget
mom they're not going to know the dwarfs
store that I guess your sister my boy
Roshan has like at least I think like a
hundred pairs of these do the math like
they do the back it has by the baller do
that on beat country Oh
hey it looks so satisfying to watch this
oh my gosh
schwa are you kidding me hahaha how does
this know guys you actually put coins
inside you no way so save up for your
burger like a piggy bank it's a piggy
bank for buying burgers a few moments
later welcome to my career actually come
to eat some food with our friends and
this is their new house my first time
here
okay might not be their house but let's
just pretend again this is a new spot
you come over to and it's absolutely
beautiful check it out guys
what you been looking for
so here's where it gets cooler I'm going
to take you into the garden bag welcome
to my god oh my gosh what is this but I
told you my friend I come in Jurassic
Park and there's got a new house and
it's like a palace my gosh is it a hotel
oh we know house this is our house I
mean yet the house oh my gosh you're
kidding me
but officially that time in the vlog I'm
going to wrap up the day's book here
before I say goodbye to you I want to
talk to you guys about a couple of
things which hopefully will inspire you
guys to keep grinding and what you guys
do every day so first things first we
saw the Tesla's today let me know what
your opinions are I think they're super
cool futuristic cars I really want to
talk to you guys about just life in
general and what you guys should do
because honestly today while I was out
somebody actually often I know what you
do to deal with hate because on drug
society although I do get a lot here
when it comes to my videos a lot of
times I feel like the best way to do
anything in life repay guys like a lot
of you guys are there just to support me
and I really really appreciate that and
anything I do that guys I try to ignore
it because I don't feel like you should
speed into the negativity I think I can
should just keep going forward and you
guys are there for me at the end of the
day I love you guys so so much and any
hate that they're guys I probably
deserve maybe I don't know but I do it I
love you guys you're savages so continue
being savages major flashlight button
click here to subscribe
I click here to watch my last video I
see you guys tomorrow
now lay on the
