hahahahahahaha
guys I don't know how we ended up in the
situation but dancing has hit new
heights right now what is love everybody
welcome back to another vlog so we're
starting out today's video with a
bootlegger comes up to me says watch
each other okay basically guys yesterday
I came home with my friends Bugatti and
I like since we have it why not do some
Indian dancing for you guys to show you
my Indian moves the Indian side of our
family guys so today we broke it down I
hope you guys liked our moves and yes I
just want to say if you guys ever want
to lose weight Indian dancing is the way
to go and it's a beautiful day today I
hope you're all having an amazing day if
you are subscribe down below and smash
the like button for dog thing my boy so
today we're going to do it rich kids of
India style you already know we got the
Bugatti key let's go
b4 Bugatti right day see that that's how
we roll oh yeah check out this bad boy
all right time to head out in the garden
go hi boys the yearning know what it is
we're in the Bugatti right now whoa
listen you're just showing too much
stomach right now perfect look oh my god
mommy business I don't know what they
can see guys it's out big if they find
out that this is not our car they're not
going to subscribe oh no this is our
calling
yes goddesses my gosh almighty
ah this whore him this car guys okay
guys the funny story the first time we
drove a body we were literally being or
Bank like it was the scariest thing you
could ever imagine the thing is the
first to God he never drove one of three
million dollar car marine vision dollars
how we were scared no anybody eyes I'm
actually driving with
right now check this out think of it as
I'm driving with slippers the new
Bugatti or g3 honestly I don't mind if I
this car for a day or an hour it is
fully funded by standards your mama give
your dress
the thing is now that were in this car I
want to show my sister something she
doesn't know about the Gottis we found a
special compartment in the scarf
are you ready very secret compartment
yeah guys look at me like I just thought
that was our decoration there is
actually a storage in this car does the
owner of the car guy he has a secret
compartment I thought this is the whole
design I thought it was that's pretty
good and let me know what you guys want
to see with this Bugatti song I'm just
saying drifting in and I got I got a
chill chill okay it's not my car so
don't tell me crazy stuff I've way so
there you go that is how I started my
day boys anything oh joy decide guys
this car is absolutely beautiful but now
we're heading inside let's continue the
rest of the day yeah a few moments later
yo guys I'm not sure if you can see that
there is actually a rabbit over here and
my cat is not doing anything oh my god
there's a rabbit a rabbit I have no idea
what's going on apparently there's a
rabbit in the construction site oppas
our house my cat is friends with it is
that even a thing like cats or friends
of rabbits
hey buddy how are you no no no don't run
don't run
ah apparently they're friends guys so
yeah enjoy your friendship
despite eating our way to check it out
right now I'm out with the family as you
can see I got my savage howl right now
it's been a while guys last time I wore
this I was in America better than a yo
guy so check it out right now you've
come to eat some food and you might be
wondering where we are this Facebook
super fancy we've come to a traditional
Arabic restaurant the thing is basically
they give you like an area where you can
sit at your food the check this place
out yo guys look so each of these are
rooms where you eat your food
I was reading some food over here
basically you actually eat with your
hand so I'm about to get dirty right now
in here like a gorgeous chicken trying
to give me one piece of to get what's
going on hi guys Natasha's doing a magic
trick now okay eat it I kind of poison
me eat it come on it's sour you like it
oh my God my grandma looks like she's
suffering
oh okay so right now we're about to do a
challenge boys basically when you chew
these things they're super sour so
Lana's going to take three of them and
let's see how it goes
no you have to you have to take in the
sourness no no
- no that was our attempt at the jungle
yes there is I hope it turned out nice
guys basically they're closed right now
so he should probably leave before they
kick us out oh hi boys so we are back
home right now after dinner anyway the
thing it said something super honest is
you guys on today's video about how I
make my videos as I mentioned a lot of
times stop my recording the day I don't
even end up using like even cool stuff
sometimes I forget to use it but the
thing is since we were out with our
friends today it was actually my boy
Noah's birthday like two weeks ago and I
still have the footage of his birthday
cake and stuff like that so we're going
to do a little throwback to his birthday
so yeah happy birthday buddy
oh oh it's your birthday it's a person
happy birthday happy birthday guys we
have the world's first chocolate
playstation controller my boy just got a
PlayStation controller and he's about to
eat it oh my god he's got a PlayStation
controller since it's your birthday you
can have anything you want but I'm not
paying for it oh I'm sorry we're I'm
sorry here
no guys imma be honest if my sister
didn't change her hair color I would
have probably just said that it was
today my gosh imma be honest a lot of
the times in the videos it's not that
I'm lying
I just don't mention that I've chucked
in clips from other days so but as
always guys make sure to comment down
below let me know what you guys want to
see in the videos smash the like button
and yeah guys don't forget to subscribe
and click that like little notification
building image eat up you guys know what
to do right be a guy I love y'all Google
and I'll see you tomorrow
jolly ol oh oh oh don't go bye
