good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog so I am
starting out today's video at my boy
Simon's house aka the big I have a name
I'm sorry today's vlog here now if you
guys haven't seen it a few days ago was
my birthday my boy sigan decides to
bring a like in a Hypersport to my house
we have to do it better every year next
year tell me what we should do next year
we're planning on landing a helicopter
in my house and and flooding money out
of it no no the thing is today we're
gonna do a ton of things and later today
I actually haven't told you this I'm
gonna do something what I'm gonna reveal
your net worth
yeah google it oh so the first place me
in Saigon are actually heading to today
is we're actually going to go check out
the lichen again so today I'm gonna go
see my birthday gift again oh my god hi
guys so right now we are heading out its
sigan we're taking the roast race race
out bro do you ever drive this car guys
look at my boy sigan he's letting his
rolls-royce dust in the garage bro we
can't do that as I said the first place
we're going to is to the lichen showroom
and then we need to take the rolls-royce
for a wash cuz this thing he's just left
me here who who treats a rolls-royce
like this I guess I can put it okay come
back come back Saigon
got sigh guns being annoying today bro
but I don't want to sweat no working out
all right guys you might be wondering
why are we going to do showroom it's
because these cars have to be prepared
before they can be delivered to and I
believe in a few days you'll have the
chance to drive it Oh
the faster furious check it out I got
that car in the Fast and Furious you
know the one that like flew I just got a
flying car for my birthday
wait what it's temporary closed for
maintenance work where's my car guys my
car look at the logo on the car the car
is right there it's right there and you
can even see fast and furious 7 the CEO
is actually out of the country so we
have to wait until thing Monday or
Tuesday oh well that's a slight little
fell guys yeah the showroom is closed
right now so I guess we're just gonna
have to wait until the car is officially
ready and then you're gonna see your boy
skirt skirt and a lichen that is
beautiful though that is hands-down
beautiful then these are what's driving
this car how is this kind this condition
if you jump from one skyscraper are
pretty sure that was a replica car they
destroyed it the real one this is the
red one from the movie and the one sigan
brought to my house is that exact one
over there the silver one so there's
only 7 of these in the entire world
all right Carl Schurz raised we should
race you think I'll let us like
not both but one of them like inverses
like him hmm I pronounce time to go get
Simon's car washed no I've said this
many times on the blog before but I
don't know what it is about car washes
which just is so satisfying to me like
washing your car get washed it's just so
relaxing oh my god
this looks so satisfying damn bro look
out sexy that looks I know bro
this is literally the definition of
satisfaction right now
damn Oh guys look at it the car is
dripping right now after it solid
but I don't feel good I don't shower for
three days Wow worst friend ever there
you go guys the car is officially washed
you know what we never try it see it's
cooling and heating at the same time
that is the dumbest idea pretty well
have you ever thought about this digan
just turned on the cooler and they're
here at the same time how does it feel
it's a new seat only it doesn't feel
like anything car wash is officially
over
and it is time for what you guys have
been waiting for it is time to reveal
science net worst that's the click that
you're doing today bro it's no I'm gonna
tell them well you're not worthless I'll
tell you something really nice I'm gonna
give you $1 for help
ok ok and I'm gonna add the zero for
everything which is important to the
house a car what
I don't know Gucci shoes I'd imagine
after nine items you have like what
billion or something but imagine if you
remove hell you dead
just one everything else becomes zero ah
so back to the question what's your net
worth the drumroll please
so right now it is the moment of truth
this is what you have all been waiting
for so pretty much about a week ago I
saw a video on YouTube and it showed all
of our net worths me sigan Raschid and
Lana so right now I'm gonna show a
sighting in the video and we're gonna
see if it's correct all right top 5 UAE
youtubers
okay so first person is me guys mold
blogs okay that's me with the pink
Lamborghini yep still correct you see
everything's correct on this video net
worth 2.5 million okay you know what um
like I'm ok with that
all right Lana Rose Lana Lana Rose Oh
net worth beat you Brooke I don't even
know she probably is what Oh cider yo
German hi this is the juicy part guys
founder and CEO of middle-east first and
largest car buying service correct sell
any cars oh here we go here we go net
worth 4 billion dollars or billion dot
okay one I'm done I have done present
what you said how Q like somebody's with
that that's attack service coming to
collect the money for oh my god that's
definitely the tax service coming and oh
my god I already know we just found out
Simon's net worth
oh my god you don't know how much
there's there's actual amount of it oh
four billion dollars four billion
dollars yeah alright alright no how do
you guys know how do they calculate like
logging I don't know man that is 4
billion like I wouldn't be surprised but
why am I only 2.5 million that means
only grow appreciated a thousand miles
long who ever made
there you go Simon's net worth as of
YouTube is four billion dollars guys of
YouTube but YouTube is owned by Google
and if google says it that's legit
Donald Trump net worth sigan is nine
hundred million dollars richer than
dollar shop America we're coming to buy
you let's go if you weigh 100 kilos
right yeah and you eat one kilo ravioli
you will one percent ravioli what does
that have to do with anything did you
know that you're avoiding the topic yeah
hi guys
I'm out peace I love you guys hey oh are
we so we are finally back home right now
now sure love you might be wondering why
I'm whispering right now another thing
is whenever I vlog I don't tell you guys
like how late I'm awake unto but it's
currently 3 a.m. and I just made it back
home and when I get home everybody is
sleeping like if you could see my mum is
Dennis sleep right now so I tried to
wake her up
ok now that I'm back home on my end of
today's vlog here but before I do you
just give me 20 more seconds
before you close the video guys I just
want to say one thing and I feel like
this is important to tell you guys a lot
of times you guys see me joke around my
friends like sigan talking about their
net worth and how much they're worth etc
etc and I feel like people take the joke
the wrong way now although my friends
are fairly rich to be honest let's just
be honest guys like sigan and rosh and I
just feel like that is not important
when it comes to friendship guys and if
you want to find friends that are gonna
lost you just need to have like the same
interests so for me it's important that
my friends understand that I talk to a
camera all day long like it's weird so I
feel like it's important to have friends
that understand what you do because
otherwise they're gonna think that
you're psycho yeah anyways I love you
guys so I'm gonna end of today's vlog
here and yeah don't forget there's still
three more phones in my giveaway so if
you guys want to win a free phone
subscribe and comment down below
I love Yazoo and as always jolly oh no
oh
