good morning honey
what is that everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you all doing so
we're starting out the day off in the
kitchen oh my goodness water's going I
try to break stuff basically guys right
now me and my mom are starting out the
day by heading over to like the costume
store okay and I know it sounds weird
don't worry I'm not buying any cringy
outfits or anything weird I'm actually
going there to buy hairspray I want to
see how I look like if I had different
color hair and yes let's just enjoy the
day Luciana do I know Rihanna
I know Rihanna very well okay if you
guys didn't know me and Briana we were
kind of dating for a while
it happened so just take take take my
word for it
good morning goodbye holy moly
it's mom okay I'm pretty sure all of you
guys know how what it is in Dubai if
you've ever been here but in the summer
it gets really really hot okay my
Hackney guys we made it we made it the
hairspray alright guys so I'm pretty
sure this is the pink hairspray so it's
time to get funky with it okay we
definitely need to get some pink guys to
match the car we need some blue this is
for my girl Rihanna guys she made her
hair blue so we need some blue and
finally I do some green maybe yeah yeah
hi guys no we're gonna we're gonna get
these three okay these three anyways for
now we're just going to get these hair
sprays and head off home guys that's
pretty much all I need for today so
let's go and see how it goes if I end up
both today just you know why yeah Oh
guys look what else they sell here Oh
graduation axe oh my god they asked me
how are you say that you're fine you're
not really funny you just can't get into
anything with that Roger
I never even graduated okay let me try
let me try let me try
I'm so proud could you imagine me
graduating like I don't know why I
actually can't even imagine myself
graduating I feel so proud I feel like
I've I she graduated anyways but now
we're heading up your guys so I'll see
you
once we're home to try out the hairspray
let's go yo yo yo my brother's sick he's
got diarrhea right now we just made a
home and I know I'm sort of vlog
hairspray but I just went on a to our
toilets free it's finally time to use
there's very ready for this okay no no
no no no it's hard to make my hair pink
wait that's my color you take another
one one you got blue eyes your blue just
my girl Rihanna I don't know wonder what
your car don't need of doesn't get
respect oh oh wait Rihanna's green
not blue the guy go green - I go green
okay we're gonna test all my foot first
okay yep oh my gosh oh here goes nothing
time to get my legs blue you ready for
this
it was Civil War yeah I mean it would
have been easier with bodypaint mall I
don't really know what we're doing right
now guys this is hairspray but like Yolo
okay what is the point of this I don't
know
so right now my sister's about to make
my hair pink hopefully this goes well
and I don't end up losing my hair oh my
god this is purple bro yeah yeah because
it is black diamond feels really bad I
don't even know if this is safe ah but
you know you guys anything in this
lighting
what you mean is empty beer what the
hell that's disgusting
okay here goes nothing we're about to
spray-paint my sister's hat I'm so
excited
oh my god
that's awesome
okay you can now look at yourself
welcome to the masterpiece you ready for
this BAM not turn around not witness a
fake letter just ink turn turn your hair
like buddy decided look at me now you
know
amer me a few moments later no voice all
showered up right now there's no more
hair color in my hair
let me be honest with you guys I'm
actually so sick right now like my
belly's messed up guys anyways right now
I shoulda show you guys something super
super awesome
I know this sounds hard to believe guys
but my bank sent me another gift yes
they literally send me like the fourth
gift right now and check it out oh yeah
love I've sent me a boss key of muffins
they literally sent me an entire box
here honestly I have no idea what I did
to deserve this they always send me
stuff so you're amazing I hope we have
this relationship forever with each
other
and yeah that is pretty much something I
got today while I was feeling sick so
yeah
so I'm super super excited okay right
now being my mom clearly came into the
sport stores on a transport I'm
basically in case you guys forgot I'm
actually doing a program with them
school's Got Talent
and I came in the store and they have my
face on their screen guys so I'm gonna
go show you against two pros to hire you
guys check this out BAM
your boy is actually in stores right now
and they've got it on two places so one
on this side and then one on that side
like honestly I always come to this
store just to buy sports stuff but I'll
never imagine that they actually do
something with that if you know what I
mean like next thing you know I'm just
saying maybe in the near future my face
will be like that instead of Neymar or
something
I'm just saying anything is going to for
all our boys so right now we just made a
home honestly the reason why the blood
cut is because I had some more stomach
issues down below so we ran home anyways
look what I got guys oh my god oh my god
okay so now we have the mole blokes
supermarket here guys I'm here I know I
just go home right now guys the thing is
right now my friend cooled me now we're
actually going to go out together and
have some really really nice milkshakes
okay this could end very badly because I
think milkshakes are bad for you when it
comes to like many problems but like
sometimes you just need to go and just
have some fun guys so imma go hopefully
it doesn't ruin my day so let's go and
have some milkshakes
hello guys look who's here look who's
here
hello is she looking at me like that
guys I saw her every time I come back I
don't know what they're feeding it but
the cats getting spider and I look at
this thing it's actually with some obese
come back come back you can't even run
don't try it
oh so this is the cutest cat ever so
right now I'm in the car and I'm
actually my friend Rorschach now here's
11 so you guys I have two friends that
are raw and I think that you guys
always think that it's other rush it but
this is the zanga Rajah's i'll actually
always with him when to buy which is
kind of weird we're always together but
right now are actually heading to go
have a milkshake you know this crazy one
y'all are so right now we just made it
over to the spa and check out the
milkshake my boy wash it first time
thing
go check it out oh wow
okay I think I've been we're good are
they were going to there guys I saw just
looking at this is making me hungry
anyways the milkshakes done shout out to
these guys with olives uh right now
we're just having some chicken wings
over here my favorite thing is they
literally give you like some surgery
lovely here yeah guys it's about to get
a little bit messy sauce to alter we ER
food okay for now we're done for is a
good box ah hi guys so it's super super
late at night but right now we're in
doubt cancer hotel and we were just
walking around and look what we spotted
do you actually have a chess game on the
floor over here with like massive chess
pieces like it is and they're all like
plastic so they're super super light
anyways guys wait I'm gonna walk through
here just to show you the view they have
like this is so awesome and over here
look at this wow wow wow honestly you
guys is like super empty there's nobody
here except me and my friend we're just
walking around but like that's epic you
just come here play some chess relax
that is awesome
alright anyways boys right now I just
made it back over to my friends house to
pick up my car by the way
ahh I swear every time I see my car like
I like a smile comes to my face honestly
I know people still think the car is
curly and stuff but I just really like
it there is a random car in the parking
I saw I know why I don't trust parking
lots and she's slowing down uh
okay I'm going to go home before
anything weird happens he's parking
yourself
I'll see you guys want to get home and
yeah hopefully I'm still alive by then
because yeah yeah 5 5 hi guys so it's
super super late at night right now and
I just got back home but I was going
through my sister's stuff down you know
what I realize you still haven't here
million subscriber guys so me quickly
know whatever are you worried you doing
there's still a lot of room I've been to
making me read that what is key I just
go back home
nice nice if you like you've been doing
YouTube forever
and this would also say help my sister
out man so support brother around when I
see this stuff it just brings like so
many good memories guys now you know the
first time you got a hundred thousand a
letter and even the first time I got my
million play button it was like touching
like heaven it was if you like touching
heaven for a second guys but any other
ways around on today's video here guys
if you won't want to sees in your
lifetime smash the like button and
you'll somehow get it no promises and
it's like it a million subscribers I'll
do giveaway on my thing are you crazy
no no no I mean like not many over two
years time yet I mean like if my next
month
yeah then I'll give it a shot if I get
10 million subscribers that were
eligible and I'm the play button okay we
really see again any recess I do is I
love you guys so so much thank you for
the support you get enjoy guys click
here to subscribe click here to watch
one-off video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yeah leo
