Buono well it shows his waterproof
that's nice for showing this like death
food Oh
yeah everyone what is up good morning so
today's vlog is actually going to be
kind of like a holiday vlog guys me and
my friend are actually heading over to
hotel on the other hand the gay I feel
really sorry for my sister today she's
doing her meet-and-greet okay I didn't
go because I just want her to be in
public alone for once you know like I
just want her to get that experience if
you know what I mean and honestly guys
doing a meet-and-greet is much more
scary than a team meeting a bunch of you
guys is sometimes terrifying okay
not because you guys are bad but you
know so many people just knowing you
it's just different
anyways robots have an amazing day eyes
let's go let's have some fun okay okay
okay so check it out right now I just
made it over to the hotel this place is
absolutely beautiful I'm actually going
to take you guys to somewhere special
bang okay you might be wondering where
that is at the end of this bridge is
actually a restaurant the food over here
is insanely expensive I mean super
expensive I cost us $300 for a piece of
fish yes guys it's crazy and what I love
about this place is just the ocean man
I'm assuming is officially over right
now we are done you know I feel like I
feel like I just got birth right now
guys it feels so so good oh okay there's
like seven people staring at me one I'm
shouting I'm home yo oh my god what is
that
that's one Stan holy moly
all right guys so right now we just made
it back home my sister finished her
meet-and-greet look so basically I'm
here to report the news to you guys okay
so let's interview Lana rose how did the
meeting Griego expect that time oh maybe
like a hundred but the game of the
thousand good I could be everyone I try
to record them in my blog yeah so I
stepped on the table kadala so sleep and
I was like you know what I'm gonna step
on the table get up there and start
blogging everyone and I was like yeah
yeah insert the clip now
oh my gosh I just lost my mom basically
if you guys don't know happened it got
so busy that my sister has to be
literally she had to leave guys so yeah
unfortunately she couldn't me all of you
but I mean that was a lot of people
there I chose about the fire thing
because I wanted to meet everyone and
then when I had to do over oh my god no
and then I was like you know what I'm
gonna block all of you and you guys take
a screenshot and like gave us the emoji
400 guys I got my sister gone she got an
approach equator which was with my dog
humans love she got an emoji wall um
it's a week with a kid right listen
whoever ripped my mom's t-shirt yeah
there you go guys look at look at this
if somebody came to grab my mom somebody
can't you grab my mom and just let BAM
owe me angry gift number one Oh yo I
think I open Oh
Oh delivery delivery g7 is number one Oh
number two number three don't wanna come
oh my god
ah that's cool this is the second gift
guys oh yo look at that ice tray guys
I'm so jealous right now
my outfit is I wanna do my only
ingredients Wow what is that is that a
dress oh thank you
is that your size media we're going
straight to the second gift oh you know
I've been thinking okay so they gave you
a dress and a Barbie doll durable and it
kind of looks like you that's freaky
what the hell it is a voodoo doll now
here's something I need to tell you guys
I think one of the reasons they shut it
down I think because everybody was in a
line but as soon as this one got there
they kicked down the line as soon as my
sister got there they like or Chuck the
ropes down and just like but yeah there
you go boys that is how the meet and
greet went another story if any of you
didn't get to see my sister honestly
like as people who make videos the
greatest thing ever is just seeing you
guys in person and it's so sad when you
con you're like you physically
beautiful and they're like just like a
meter and you want to just jump there is
a photo and reminding you can imagine I
don't need to tell you like leap that's
it you can't you can't be there and you
know and it's heartbreaking but it
sometimes happens but at least you guys
still get to see our faces on a daily
basis if that helps no no you probably
hate it okay boys the thing is right now
I'm actually heading out to go see my
boy RSK it's actually his last day here
in Dubai I think he's heading back to
America so before he goes I'm gonna go
see him blast go yellow squash boy so I
just got to RCA right now first time
playing the song and it come on the car
made the joneses anything everything
what lot of roads yo I think it sounds
pretty dope yeah we know what it is what
people are going to hear you coming off
the back songs are gonna be like
directly start to judge it has a rhythm
a groove give it another chance
okay so let's see nah that's true I like
three girls I get either bro alright so
right now me and my boy RSK came to the
gadget store and they're actually
selling a mini washing machine that
refers nope it's those guys look and
they're about to put a phone in it
alright let's go oh my god oh well it
showed this waterproof that's actually
showing it's like dead food Oh
we're literally putting a phone in the
washing machine
and it still works yeah boy what's the
purpose of this right here it's a show
that it's waterproof and hid for our
legs every morning is wash your clothes
yeah I'm strong
in America what do you think okay okay
there you go it still works that's also
put your hand in there
so me and RSK found this really cool
light gadget guys it's literally like
your mini chalkboard but it's electrical
you ready for this guys look I'm gonna
press one button it's going to delete
his feet huh I'm drawing you know just
okay we see I'm gonna delete anyways
three two one
BAM okay so right now I brought my boy
our skate to my spot no he found it the
Batman shirt I'm gonna wear the golden
one while you were the guys look at his
suit they have the new golden version of
the Batman shirt
well what if I rock the gold one you
want the silver all in the next show
then we could be like twins we're doing
some shopping today so I'm not sure if
you remember this but our skins actually
wearing the easies I sold him like a
year ago
hey remember your everyday bra home some
bacon
are they big no I was about to say why
does your blaster know wow I actually
bought these outside the store from a
reseller and let's do this for I told
you I don't know you do that right
nowadays our shopping they actually some
really nice sneakers look at this
yo I know this is a girl's shuva that
design is fire right there we're
actually heading out of the mall boys we
came to do some shopping but there's not
too much to bike you know what I mean so
see you guys in a bit this might be the
last time you're seeing our SK so ever
bye it's been a long day without you my
friend and I'll tell you all about it
when I see you Hey okay so I'm cleaning
it for me Joel I know you didn't get
this for me
my sister's alone realize I'm not a been
destroyed okay yo you know what's crazy
guys so me and RSK went to the mall and
one of the people that didn't get to me
here in the me angry
got to give me this
thank you so much Alisa I said yo Scott
if you still have those gifts that you
weren't able to give over I mean your
boy mo still yeah yeah don't mean the
cheeky
