what is the drama alert I'm your host
killer Keenan cow teller keep shit honor
killer killer killer is not a killer no
that's a new memory Karen what is that
everyone welcome back to making another
vlog so today's video is going to be a
little bit different guys honestly
there's been so much drama going on this
week that I thought you know what I'm
going to change my channel we're going
to become a drama channel this week ok
there's literally enough drama for us to
become a news channel today basically if
you guys don't really know much about
what's going on YouTube
everybody has been making diss tracks
this week like traveling up if you have
a diss track coming up who's on okay
aside where do you see now basically
there's been so many diss tracks flying
around on YouTube this week I thought
we'd react to all of them okay honestly
we just released the music video this
week and in god hate and I feel like our
music video is better than a lot of
these diss tracks so I'm going to diss -
diss tracks again YouTube world war has
started we're going to react in this
year of everything okay sure
this is the guy that started the war
time see about Emily
I sent my girlfriend way cool so only
got anything here's the situation about
the girlfriend acade yeah ksi doesn't
show his girlfriend and there's only one
picture online where you can see her
from the back hey guys
honestly like I love I love ksi so I
just kind of have to be with him
throughout this chaos like you're
watching this
love you this is what okay so I distract
coming soon the crazy thing is we've
kind of already released a diss track on
Kay aside before no track is a video of
me driving a car and it was funny cuz
his car was better than mine I'm like
you baby bi there was a trend going
around where youtubers were like showing
their cars but kind of reacting to other
youtubers car saying you know my car is
better than yours and we reacted the K
sighs car even though you had a better
cause us so we still dissed him with the
worst car acted like yeah guys listen
you know what just for good old time
sakes roll the dice on it ki has a video
oh just nice anyway
yeah
you
yeah the guys that happen now we're
going to move on to this number two okay
this is my favorite guys this one is my
boy oh come on you're going guys YouTube
is dying
there's too much savagery going on now
we can't keep up from the internet why
people run out from a bikini bikini but
only 14 days I'm bikinis
a year ago you income oh he was standing
on his Lamborghini how late how did how
did he get in since their car
I don't like it's like somebody
releasing a diss track on me while
standing on my pink Lamborghini then
talking in your house could it be all
staged basically the next distract que
si brother came in so like Benny
tag-team he came in and Deji dis the
whole Seidman and encase I then add a
G's in case I don't run around yeah I
used to have a feature called digi mr.
JC I love this dude is he was a really
nice guy this is K side brother dead G
okay he came in code AG gold edgy yogurt
hey yeah
defend your brother what kind of the
stupid YouTube dude - or the crown not
apply on the match astonishing guys
either
I love how to start Ernie I'm not the
fire I'm the night yeah the body King
I do understand what is he saying
there's so many big words
yo my man just used a glove lodged why
now I want racing so I wouldn't I need
to read that word I think it's a disease
that August looks like okay what does
that mean
my boy daddy I love you the wool is that
word you did not need that word not as a
disease I think something doing being
back because you just think about name
maybe others
no it's not something I usually how
usually fight with me about this all
right we're gonna do what I got the goop
yo we actually learned something guys
this is what he meant when he said I got
the glute this guy oh sure dizzy it's up
to you to be actually the name you
August I got I guess this isn't name
okay let's continue a guy said that guys
many people is going to be so I scored
on in the world girl I'll especially I
think we weren't enough I think we've
heard okay basically like a nice quiet
by the way if you guys want to leave the
drama for a second one up well up is on
iTunes just make sure your boy listen
link is in the description guys link is
in the display yeah I'm trying to
promote my lava nothing here
now that we've listened to all of this
this is the moment you guys have been
waiting for the king KS I fired back
today oh the frigid bitter cocoa
how much wood can a woodchuck chuckers
of which others like you I have fun with
the nigga don't you don't know which are
not weh weh weh weh weh weh weh weh weh
what how much wood chuck would a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck room
water y'all did you find me my song okay
inside put into our genre of music it
doesn't exist
yeah we're just going to ignore that
line again we just really want how much
wood can a woodchuck chuckers of which
I'd like you seen either difficulty is
the wasn't to do what I'm feeling
your mom I just said he's feeling him
guys hard and case I doubt that was the
hardest line of her jaw down okay yo-yo
I'm super excited because my boy Bryce
come is about to jump in Bryce come if
you guys don't know he actually invented
with a diss track stuff okay inside
she's MIT rely the inventor of this
stuff I ready are you playing in there
like a makes up of Jamison oh my god is
not what I just doing say idea not only
said on your fat are you playing in
there like a mix of a bike you know
feminine bet are you playing there like
a mix of the Titan of feminists that
rolls or you're making your way your way
across I've grown weeds with the present
shape oh there you go boys and girls
that is what the media is feeding you
know case I meet the second part is this
track guys basically there's more to
this dis track which is going to come
out soon I think they listen to this
this is alter the song if you keep
listening
before I forgot my you little boy just
are y'all these niggas ready watch where
they can fall to go and then come the
desert all too quick let's fly down to
the ground over the trap wake up at the
end of the relieved I was never here but
us a little toy to the filly will
release right let's go
I've actually got a challenge for you
guys I want you guys to make distracts
on me try your best keep me out of
sympathy there yes no no distract on me
okay you can keep blood outfit I want
distract on me and the best one I'm
gonna fire back okay so yeah whoever
wants to make a diss track on me go for
it let me show you another video and
then we'll be featured they're going to
be dissed back anyways there you go boys
that is all of the drama that's been
going on this week I hope you enjoyed
the news basically I'm trying to do my
best to educate you guys on the real
world issues that we're having right now
in terms of YouTube YouTube has become a
war zone and I feel like we need to try
our best to save it so how are we saving
the guys we are initiating your own
warrior Brooks throw minimus track I
want entrust yeah I'm gonna record you
said if this continues guys I might drop
a discharge week in the wrong word
listen I feel like if I drop a diss
track on all of these youtubers in then
they'll stop because I'll kill them all
so what you're trying to king of the
kingdom
yeah I'm trying to crown myself now
where's your army okay your helper video
ba ba ba guys as always I looked at so
so much thank you for supporting the
channel you have an orange make sure to
drop a like button on today's video and
don't forget to subscribe
yeah click right here to subscribe click
right here to watch my last video and as
always
y'all know yodel
