yo yo yo yo yo everyone what is that
welcome back to another vlog and today
I'm scoring out the bloke of my family
that was my grandmother's the savage by
the way so you already know she's part
of the squad anyway the thing is I'm
actually heading over to my man spigen
today we're going to be doing a small
little photo shoot hence why I look so
nice today guys so it's about to go down
oh look who's home look who made it home
oh my goodness her hair is still pink
guys down
yo bro how they made a pic okay
basically guys my sister was out getting
her hair colored again today so
basically if you see the top of her head
is also paint what it doesn't look that
weird again I don't know I just yeah it
is guys there you go pink hair don't
care we out here with a new movement hi
boys you know what for now I'm gonna
head on and say peace out to Lata and
yeah she's got the pink hair I'm gonna
do my photoshoot guys so that's this
yeah you see you we made it we made it
we better go check it out and back in
the Burj Khalifa now let's go see what
sighing it is up to yellow oh my god bro
you had me waiting for an hour out here
Oh
open it open it over look what's inside
you know Lexi when I'm carrying an empty
way alright anyways as you can see right
down at Saiga's house guys basically as
you could see he still got the wonky eye
it's actually getting better I'm
learning ally it's getting better real
quick guys so you ready dog yeah yeah
hey guys she's not always going to have
the wonky eye so at least we could go to
war for shoes hey anyways guys the
figure is basically we're heading over
to a really nice spot to take both of
the cars
honestly I'm flexing today because I've
got to empty Lou Vuitton bags but like I
thought that'd be nice in the photo so
I'm just like sitting on my eggs with
but I just lazy on my eggs anyways guys
sigan is finally ready right now so
we're going to do this photo shoot let's
go oh I boys to check it out this is the
photo that we're taking for our
Instagram make sure you like it on his
page of my favorite guys look at that
photo there that's both I'm going to
register to come on Sunday yeah guys in
case you're wondering why there's trade
plates on it we can it's the weekend
yeah yeah Instagram Instagram I let's go
let's go
okay flag coming out of here
we need more photo so we're going to go
to another location now that's how I do
my eyes - check it out voices this is
the location we've come to that view
though that view anyways if you guys
remember I came here when I bought my
Ferrari last time so it's always a nice
beauty King photos here ok basically
guys we're trying to pick what boats you
use because we're taking some photos
over here but then again the other one
was nice as well
Instagram is a hard place to survive man
like you need to be the best or they're
going to kick you straight out man
they're going to kick anyways guys
they're taking some photos over here
beautiful location and I mean look at
this light up though anyways what do you
think whose cars better mine or yours
bro listen I think you both are very
much I like to I wish to check it out we
literally came here to take some photos
my friend just rolled up in his Bentley
Bente Yaga I like to check out our boys
so if you guys don't know this is the
luxury Bentley SUV welcome to my Bentley
Bentley honest I really like to touch
the car bro like it's okay right I mean
the thing is if you guys don't already
know this everything inside this car is
handmade I made that up I think your
hand made that beautiful car I mean
listen I just actually yeah it is right
I'm shaking up true facts right now so
basically guys this one's got a sunroof
so check that out guys oh there's no Sun
right now but I mean what there is you
can see it it's got a beautiful color
and I mean the combination is nice
for a debate I'm not too technical with
this car guys I thought are you doing a
review that I'm doing like a mini of you
guys an interview but yeah that's what a
bad knee looks like guys the real review
like the consumer review like if I don't
understand the car I would say a nice
color nice inside yeah the whole
technical part I think we keep it for
the nerd anyways besides from the car
guys look at this view over here this is
beautiful Wow guys honestly I feel like
just diving into the water but as you
can see the Burj Khalifa's over there
it's just it's lit boys you know we're
losers when all we think about is
Instagram photos like our life has
reached other our life has reached the
water right now everybody's heading out
gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang
gang guys I don't even know how to make
gang signs but yeah okay technically
speaking I know we haven't done much
today but honestly if you think about it
guys this is what photographers and
models do all day so today my job has
been modeling and photography if that
makes sense
so check it out right now in my
rolls-royce man just chillin you ready
no down yeah hey guys basically today my
task is I'm gonna go take a hundred
thousand cash from the bank and buy a
car yeah I don't know that's something
you should do now I think you should
invest it wisely bro bro bro why you
looking at me why are you winking at me
bro is fully healed yet
yeah don't leave any comments about
Saiga die he knows it's not open take a
decision it's going to be like monkey at
the bottom as well it's going to open up
soon it's like it's like giving birth oh
yeah guys you come into a restaurant
with some Arabic food I love it when I
came to the buy first this was the place
I used to eat a lot and and you know for
my American if I marry my Moroccan
friends I love Moroccan tea so you know
this is the place
so yeah let's have some Arabic food you
know sunglasses in the dark because you
know when I think one key
hi guys so check it out here is the spot
we're eating this place is actually
really really cool I'm not joking with
you this place is an entire village
right it's still the restaurant we're
just walking around in circles I want to
give a toast to my man spigen over here
guys I drunk guys I want to give a toast
to my math liking for still being able
to see obviously he's been through some
very tough surgeries like oh my goodness
guys you're crazy
when psych and watches my video it only
counts for half of my so right now he
came to eat and I met this yes but they
were stuff how are you like I say y'all
alright three two one many windows hey
Dan amis out back I was the right now we
just made it back to Saigon Towson for
today I must say goodbye to him because
I think he needs some rest so goodnight
Saigon bang peace out but I'm leaving
with a special guest new
hi guys basically I know this sounds
funny but next shoot has also moved into
the Burj Kalifa on the same floor so
whenever psyching cheeks me out I can
just go to his house I don't even need
it anymore that's not needed anymore so
we're going to go over his deputies
coincidence and so it's the same floor I
wanted that apartment it was only
available on this floor there's like 200
floors I the only one outside you are I
swear to God well uh oh my goodness
there's a lizard I just made a home and
inside my sister's bathroom there is a
massive lizard on the wall kid jump do
something go me out as you can see right
now we're back home with my sister's
pink hair
I'm not gonna lie it actually looks like
some sort of Barbie hair style a it
actually
away it was cool actually looks really
cool it doesn't look bad if you know
what I mean I it's actually kind of
better now
hey guys I look down look down whoa
because I so check it out what this is
what I want to show you it's good
magnetic putty basically in some liquid
which you can attract with a magnet okay
so let's try sorry
wait don't it was a liquid it's
Conspirator what is that oh my god here
goes I think 3 2 1 what is this doesn't
work what do you guys see that
oh my goodness
one dam they have it it's like making a
snake move picked up the whole thing I
go and I take a saw
okay see this oh my gosh what ah it's
not as cool as you think is a and I'm
just gonna be honest with you guys it's
very much just a little bit magnetic so
yeah check it out all right there we go
boys much better
and we go to Volvo's official poster and
that is what you call a background guys
right well I spit down now you guys know
who you're subscribed to all the time
mo vlogs API time I already subscribed
click the button down below to subscribe
any residual would that is my new wall
of fame I'm going to start adding
pictures there guys so if you want your
picture to be here take a cool photo I
tagged me on my Instagram mo underscore
globes underscore and I'll start
printing them out and you guys can have
your faces here your cars your cats or
dogs anything you want over here guys so
yeah just follow me on Instagram
and just tag me in your photos our boy
so since it is late at night I think
it's time I changed into something a
little bit more comfortable oh yeah I
think that was the wrong change okay oh
hey I that is more like it anyways the
thing is the price they could bite you
guys I have some pretty big news for you
guys this week we are dropping a music
video yes that's a stay tuned that is
why I've been working so hard behind the
scenes of my sister
specially her because she's been making
everything and it's just oh there's so
much work that needs to be done guys but
it's about to be lit this week but yeah
guys as always I love you guys so if you
did enjoyed today's video make sure to
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my old videos and yes as always I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
Galliano Oh
