shoots up guys this admin here and
someone unsubscribe to me so I'm
deleting my channel if this video can
get 16 likes I will keep my channel oh
not you man yo what is up everyone
welcome back to the bull blows house
this is the house where Fitness is at
its core guys my cat is starring today
was a treadmill session anybody was home
you exercising this is the laziest
caffeine in the entire world he's
sleeping on the treadmill this is the
definition of my life right now yeah I'd
like you think in the world oh my god
what is he doing and what are you doing
you're ripping the treadmill anyway very
good boys that pretty much sums up how
my family is doing right now we're all
lazy and I swear like I don't know what
it is my whole family I think even the
cats the blur from us to sleep good
morning hi guys so the first place I've
come to today is actually deals on
wheels but I haven't come to get a car
anything look who's here hey I'm back
what are you doing here I'm actually
coming from servicing this car you're
renting your cars not like me what what
what is not renting servicing does deal
the wheels right cars I wish they would
but it's expose exactly that's not what
I put so I'm not sure how it ended up
getting so dark so quick but right now I
quickly came to join sigan to eat some
food as you can see his rolls-royce is
over here
the thing is he doesn't know I came in
the Lamborghini the reason it's a little
dark now I clearly went home to change
cars so I could bring the Lamborghini to
get his reaction all right guys so right
now I just made over to the voice
Bam Bam yo you guys should have a geo
name cuz you guys always together no no
look look okay are you guys ready to see
my car I drove like half an hour who's
excited messages about your car good no
they asked me about what's wrong I heard
it sorry especially just change the
color oh I'm actually going to list my
car for sale okay
and whoever wants to buy it combine pink
in this video hits fifty thousand likes
I'll list my car up for sale pink and
anybody can buy it okay who's gonna buy
to keep the code that's everybody girl
close your eyes close your eye can look
down just look down okay I want honest
reactions okay look now
oh my god okay what did it did you you
know my eyes were good damn it it close
back him up
yes how are you I'm fine I just recently
got to cut the other seven yeah oh my
god
yeah I love it perfect look yes be
honest with your friends awesome good
hi guys so right now I'm actually buying
a spinner that says I love you on a okay
my man just said I'm setting some so
we're doing some illegal street business
oh yeah I just meant fun matters I love
you guys I'm not sure can you see it it
just looks like a blurry red line thank
you ah exposed exposed oh my god stop
flashing me
I'm not gonna lie guys like girls love
to start again my antique magnet
Oh guys here comes a good here comes I
guess
where I get nowhere to become are boys
so we're officially back at the Burj
Khalifa if you guys don't know they're
actually reconstructing this place so
that's why it looks like this so right
now regain exclusive tour my boy Neptune
he's taking us to the jacuzzi
that's an indoor pool and outdoor pool
then you can clean from the helos out to
the outdoor pool they're like cool are
you guys I'm not sure if you can see it
as the whole day there's a whole day you
can swim under it right yeah it looks
bigger than it actually is
okay so right now I just ran into my boy
youkai over here and he's going to show
us how you go under the water because
the outside is connected to the inside
on a go for it guys check this out one
and now he's inside the building do you
see that come back come back no guys
look at this that is so cool you can
literally swim from inside to outside
now that's an awesome so we have to come
swimming here one day yeah look at this
we have two schools in here you have the
whole skyline view and the most awesome
thing over there you can eat it get alyc
over there
oh yeah Wow bro why is the alarm ringing
I feel like we're not supposed to be
here if the pressure with Dennis want
you to close the door otherwise you know
the building might shake and you don't
want that and I don't believe it right
so right now we're in my boy Neptune's
new apartment I'm not going to show you
it now because I want to do like a house
for this place is insane a gay but the
only thing you get to see right now is
this fridge okay and this guy's got
major OCD like you saw everything in a
certain spot you want to finish guys
welcome to Neptune Street guys what the
hell bro I have to be ready for any
occasion all right who drinks this much
water bro like I don't know sometimes I
get like ten guests sometimes in our
castle he's got a column of water
I called him of Mountain Dew you a
column of code this is like a
supermarket in your fridge right now
he's got a line of
you waters here for like the special
guests exactly Wow where do people get
it but there's no food okay at one
cookie next one so ladies if you want to
drink unlimited drinks you know where to
come come to the Boris raisi right down
I found some you know the best bars what
it's free all right so right now right
the basketball courts I'm going to be
doing a 1v1 versus sigan but let's make
it a bit more special okay if I win I
get a scarf or a game if you win you get
my pink Lambo for dick but I don't have
to throw yeah you don't have to
Oh
the end until five the games until fired
up learn I only need one I'm not the
others are not interesting this is still
sleeping on you you have ha that was the
three so it's gone one week I don't even
want to drive the car anyway I'll even
want that time I'm going to change
because no I'm going to change the color
a few moments later you have a church
later if you hit that one I did not win
hey how's that even possible man yo og
the craziest thing ever just happened
right now as soon as I stop blogging we
were live streaming on Saiga's Instagram
you know what happen
I got his Lambo removed from him and I
had to change it to another color but
then I wanted that and you need to see
how you want to guys I swear I hit the
luckiest however the Lambo is staying
with me go from here how far it is from
here he never hit and then the last shot
is from here look how farted oh you're
that guys it was insane I just went
straight in hey that guy so right now
we're about to make a cool way the cool
this is a valid
in the reaction video and it's about
parents easing their kids journals yeah
but is that is that committees review
we're going to be reacting to kids that
are literally crying because their
parents have told them they have to
delete their Channel imagine my mo says
both delete your channel yeah my mom
likes you all right guys here goes
nothing this is this is where all the
savagery starts okay kids know for me
this is real no this is not Frank's okay
number one let's go hey guys I got some
bad news
and I'm not going to be making any more
videos cuz importance is great I have a
lot of work earth onion celery supplies
and stuff that will be with the revenue
plan to make any youtube video so if you
get that Japan my life I will weaken I
might what I called about the meeting oh
my god yeah boy you know what if I get
ten lights in this video I love doing so
sympathetic
I'm sorry stand equals 17 considers it
and what 17,000 like your scores I'm
deleting my channel if I go a hundred
thousand likes I might reconsider
continuing the mobile channel
Shh this is the Sami jiggy I don't be so
skeptical everything shows up guys this
admin here and someone unsubscribe to me
so I'm deleting my channel page if this
video can get 16 likes I will keep my
channel oh all of you kids like you know
what listen that's not true man oh boy
this is not even this this hasn't even
been parented to me so far since we've
been them scamming us I've dropped two
life's already yeah they took two likes
from me guys yes my most of you believe
much handle way I'm okay listen careful
why are you not standing in front again
what you doing this guy's like hey I
told you to my baby right now
hey guys my mom's deleting my shadows
over this case my wanting to believe my
channel I want to tell you if I can get
through 15 subscribers I will talk about
another young artist bro unless I get to
I'm sure the parents are not giving them
an ultimatum
you have to reach this many there I'm
going to delete it guys
my mom's deleting my channel if we can
get the four million subscribers this
week I might I might have a child sir oh
my god
come on is done in my youtube channel
because because I'm she said I don't
need no more I know I learned oh boy
okay
took her lungs in my youtube channel oh
she said that she said that I need those
good in school
but I don't know what he didn't say it's
because you guys need to make me reach a
certain amount of subscribers I really
actually upset and he recently uploaded
this anyway they go was that is what our
little reaction to kids believe their
Channel
honestly I just want to say when you're
younger Akane I know that my audience is
younger things seem like they're a big
deal even though they're not a big deal
you know what I'm trying to say now with
all the kid guys like anything that
happened to me I thought it's the end of
the world it's the end of so if you're
watching this take a deep breath or two
x-value guys that's our little reaction
and yeah I'm deleting this channel
unless you guys hit 50,000 subscribers
please by the way guys Lana's been
working on are paying today is it almost
done
hopefully it's taken one year one minute
one a whole year so you best believe
it's gonna be very expensive to buy and
she use their own fingers the pain
dislike it sailor yeah you know when
they say you poured your heart soul into
it yeah I know
actually did you ask to be guys on see
it's coming out nice does I'm just
saying when it's out $100,000 cash or
denies that too cheap still I'll give me
Commission oh yeah 110 thousand cash
