yeah yeah guys welcome back to another
vlog so today I'm taking over mobilize
China oh it's early so that's a
different thing we're doing today going
on daytime yes vampires we're going on
edition so there's not stuff happening
today we're actually throwing on a
birthday party in a lot of conversation
Emma she's also you know she's mainly
yes come on man
no jokes aside guys the first thing we
need to do today we're going to the post
office okay then as my sister said we're
throwing a little birthday surprise
party thing today so let's go and have
some fun
yeah
hi guys I sure tell you something
interesting about this song you know
this is not French Montana song he
bought the song of Swaney for $300,000
or something but it went viral imagine
selling your song and then it becomes
like the number one song in the country
they're gonna be like no no I thought
that would be obviously the reason I'm
telling you guys this basically I'm not
sure if you guys remember somebody like
one year ago offered me $200,000 to buy
all my video and I'm not buying your
whole YouTube channel yeah they
literally wanted to buy my whole YouTube
channel but guess who made the smart
choice you blue today why is everybody
at the post office today yeah I feel
like it's been forever since you've told
them on our pol boxes
guys if you want RPO box it's always in
the description of the videos hello from
the other side here it is our post box
are you ready to see what we got ah we
got something Oh what is that is that
like a whoopee cushion in there what the
hell is this it looks like somebody sent
us a chicken again oh yeah I know this
is weird guys I need to see what's
inside here it's a what oh man it's
alright don't tell me this is the watch
I ordered online this is business
did you order what I'm not this okay
here's a story I ordered a watch two
months ago and I think they stand me so
they never sent it you need to follow up
yeah but they don't have like any proper
email cookie cutter for her foot nine
the demon roses black and water yeah
it's a stage singer
oh that is such a nice wine you shoot
shots and bringing Kanpur sending all
this cool stuff thank you for the
awesome video spinner and yeah for now
we're going to go get the rest of the
packages so let's go mommy
so as you can see here's the fan mail we
got today guys and thank you guys so
much for sending in any fan mail
everything is appreciated we have for
now it's time to head out and go get a
birthday cake as I said we got a
birthday planned out today you know I
might as well become a birthday
organizer because I do so many birthday
parties guys so yes it's my birthday
it's my birthday oh no sir oh my gosh oh
we're not we're not the only ones there
is of pink immerse a DS over here I
guess not please I should be opening for
say DS over here well I like that
neligan auto-sync what no first of all
is the Mercedes hit me up yo listen I
think we should bar phone number on the
car
I believe our phone number on the card I
hit me up so yeah am I dreaming right
now like this is actually a big Mercedes
y'all you're amazing you are amazing
whoever you are
this is an amazing car k you're gonna
make me big squad where you at bro
please God where you are okey so right
now you've actually come over to a
painting store if you guys don't know my
sister does painting and I think she
wants to teach the birthday girls I'm
paying to so yeah we're just we're just
plugging in some paying today yeah let's
do this first stop of the day guys and
we are at a painting store what is a
cash-only oh my god you know me you
don't be too well hi boy so we ended up
buying a small little gift for the
birthday girl when I say small I
literally mean small it's like a mini
canvas guys not bad like a tiny camera
so we're just doing some shopping with
my brother
yes and guess what this is actually an
eraser a burger eraser it's so you
imagine going to school and have this in
your vanity I don't want to raise there
I got one I can't eat it all right
imagining cloth you pull this out you
like this I'm just erasing my work you
learn today like look at what this is
guys
BAM they've taken tasting things to the
next level you're normally with a
handout taste yeah they don't even hand
out its put it here for everybody to try
listen when you don't put somebody here
I'm taking formal down thank you
something put them here for people who
can say says you know you're eating the
whole thing you have to end up paying
for it bro it's just a place of what
organize say we're closing this up man
honey it good I think I need another
stage we should buy this not not no
thinking you're abusing the system I'm
kicking you out
no no okay all we tell the flavor guys I
think you're very bad I'm I'm gonna get
um gum leaving that's it bye this is why
what you hand out tasters you need a
person to be there I don't know people
like you ruin it for everyone would be
here oh that's no not you mom I mean
okay you take one loss mo you keep
eating them it's embarrassing this is
nice look I want to have one more table
let's try what the abuse the abuse of a
free star pole does one more just one
more ting subscription holy moley
they've taken tasting to the next level
guy
oh no and I'm not joking look it says
please stay free by snakes no no I don't
think is they should have sliced it you
know they should slice oprius know maybe
for sale the taste should have been a
mere broth have you ever run out of food
and you don't have a money store because
oh my gosh not a robbery much my my
lunch in the store
laughter is good it's nice why are you
pretending like you want to buy a steak
yeah like just just take this on my
leave don't pretend that guy she bought
the guy all the way to the steak section
asking which one it was really violent
by it member nice no sample drinks I got
so we just made it home right now the
birthday girl is outside quick quick
before I open the door
thank you guys so first a girl is going
to open the gifts that long I got our
cake I mean we I didn't get anything
yeah go for it I shall decide the first
gift is a piece of paper what is that
you wanted a white canvas rip it rip it
really you got me a piece of wood is the
paper so far everything's going downhill
she broke the canvas they occupied that
you're fine you're not really fun you
just can't get into everything with that
ronger it's like a toy you can also go
in there check it out we are with the
work they do right now she just turned 7
years old
hey younger the better the younger the
better she's 17
it's super yummy anyways this is if you
over here again listen my bad bird over
here he's actually trained did you all
see this guys oh we've got cats we've
got cats grabbing my cat will eat him
it's a here right yeah happy birthday to
you we're officially saying goodbye to
the birthday girl guys as I said
officially turned 10 years old today 10
years oh she's a big girl right now yes
laughing yes Yolo Yolo pshh don't like
us no I don't like understand my hat yo
you're so sweet it was her birthday I
know right guys know what she taught me
it was her birthday but she got me a
pink lollipop to match my car Oh
lollipop with lollipop it's like it's
like that was the mom another baby
inside mommy Lani mwah oh yeah great
going for by the way I love the fact
that this magazine is always on our
table guys like this is the best thing
that's apparently ever happened in my
life
me being on a Mac you can see we just
use that for bragging rights if you know
what I mean so yeah you see my son you
see my son businessman businessman so we
leave this for the guests hi guys I'm
gonna hide
I'm stairs when my sister comes
downstairs I'm going to try it and scare
her okay so yeah we're just going to
chit over here until she comes down well
it's okay don't worry don't worry no
thing though I know buddy's off to you
round right now I'm heading out my
friend to go do some eating and I don't
think you guys want to see that so the
vote camera staying was on so you can
show them what you're doing at home bye
okay guys today we're going to be doing
a tutorial on how to do contour you're
going with me you're going at me both
these false lashes do you genetically
modified species go away crikey what do
we have over here guys
crikey I see something behind the
Lamborghini guys what is that it's
running it's running it's running sonic
oh oh right now I just made it out with
my friend now we came to eat some food
my favorite thing ever guys check this
out okay we actually go ourselves from
cabassa
but that's not what I like today my
favorite thing ever is cheese and I know
this sounds weird guys but it tastes so
damn good anyways we're just eating our
food over here you can see we've got
mixed grill some cheese which is the
main part and I don't know why they put
these walnuts on it but it's kind of
like an extra so yeah alright boy so I
finally made it back home right now I
was just out eating some food and
chilling with my friend I'm not sure how
many if you know rice gum he just
uploaded a video who how many dislikes
can I get he got a lot of dislikes guys
holy moly 200,000 well you know what
that means guys how many dislikes can we
get right now I want all of you to
dislike this video do it I actually feel
nervous saying this but I want you guys
to dislike this video again so don't
like it if you liked the video unlike it
right now and dislike it which is like
the weirdest thing I've ever saying but
let's see how many we can get
I think we can get a good 100,000 maybe
if you guys hate me that much if you
don't know I mean the less the better I
guess anyways as always I love you guys
so so much thank you for just listening
to me
you guys are the best couple or
relationship I can ever have like you
just you listen to my pain and you just
you don't really say much do you don't
forget guys click here to subscribe
click here to watch my last video by the
way whoever subscribe and send me
screenshots of them subscribing with the
notification bell I'm going to start
giving shoutouts to so yes I'll see you
guys tomorrow
jolly ole oh oh
