what is that welcome back to another
vlog today we're starting out with the
drone so I'll see you guys later
nothing can stop me I'm all the way up
so if you guys can see we're starting to
day out with our drone right now look at
it he's spying on us right now what
anyways if you guys can see that here is
our drone boys oh whoa whoa whoa mommy
if it goes well forward it actually has
a sensor so don't feel like it that's
good
why wait I don't think we recorded
anything no come on it our boy so just
in case you're wondering how Rosie's
doing she's still alive she's still here
guys and yeah a lot of people have been
asking us if we're going to keep her
honestly I don't know guys let me know
if you guys want us to keep Rosie
subscribe to the channel right now so I
know you want to be part of this family
but yeah I'm joking guys honestly we're
still thinking about it made me Rosalie
part of the family but yeah there she is
guys came with something too mom Wow
this is sad she doesn't love me she
didn't even come out of the cage for me
Wow you betrayed me
you betrayed no no no no I don't want
your love anymore no no no no no no this
is fake love it
this is fake no this is fake Club go
back to hurricane no don't give me those
puppy eyes look at it whatever I'm
making cat noises look at her reaction
yeah hey I'm not a cat give the camera
kiss give the camera kiss OH
anyways boys right now I'm actually
heading out to go see my boys daddy
basically for the past week he's with a
holiday and he just came back so we're
gonna go have some milkshakes together
just have a nice romantic day but also
today is my boy Messi's birthday
yeah as you heard me
I cannot Messi the footballer Messi my
friend guys so I think I'm going to his
birthday later on tonight not sure but
let's see you guys maybe today Messi
will rise to his birthday let's I don't
know
hi anyways guys pronounced heading out
to go see my boy Fatih so let's go and
I'll see you guys on the road yo yo yo
oh I always check it out my voice buddy
is back in action
you already know guys manager flew out
from Palestine to come I'm a milkshake
and you guys I was looking at it snap
and I have to say those natural lip
licking guys to check out snapchat I
have to say he's a little bit better
than me just a little bit don't get
ahead of yourself they need to follow my
snapchat 38 if ad ie the number 8 let it
be people if he follows that choice you
have to subscribe to my channel like I
agree it's like a it's like a combo
package mr. Hankey package deal you got
to do it anyways right now we're here to
have the money kick some shake again
guys he hasn't tried it the change of
desserts at the triumph
oh look or just go here
this is 2017 they have to wake is a
snapchat ran out of time my boy you
don't need the river
I'm excited I'm really excited after
that by the way is our diet starts
tomorrow
I like that first of all as a dessert
king presentation I give it a 10 this is
like you know how to have the show yes
boss or whatever so as presentation I
give it a 10 whatever they judge about
taste this and it takes an idea taste is
you get to the page by the way I got a
flavor that no one had chocolate and
strawberry
I think it's time to take no Blanca
somebody get dirty
that's it
oh my
I think you just drink a maestro oh but
I can show you my stomach that's it
that's the hair right
good guys razaw brother
boom our boys we just finished hiding
the milkshakes right now we're dead for
now my boy fat he's heading out damn
guys stay tuned more vlogs coming he
just got back so you already know it's
about to get down it's about to get now
RP sorry brother so now that I'm done my
boy fatty it's time to head over to the
one and only
Messi anyways guys I quickly went and
got a gift let me just say I'm the worst
person I'm buying gifts because I have
no taste the case it's always gonna be a
perfume for me guys so yeah hey our
voice like we stopped off at home
because apparently this birthday party
we're going to you need to dress
formally and I can't wear like a polo
and jeans so I quickly came home to
change I mean it does make sense
it's Messi's birthday guys Messi yeah so
I'm gonna clearly change into a formal
t-shirt let's do this
hey boys I think it's time we go that
honestly I'm not sure how much I can
even blog but your boy is looking sexy
oh yeah hi guys I say we should stop
with this craziness like let's go to
this birthday party
yo that is one beautiful car guys my
voice so check it out we just made it
over to the spa and look at this lineup
we got the Koenigsegg over here the 4x4
squared and baby blue and there's a
Bugatti over here yeah always now this
is what you call a lineup anyways as I
said it's my boys birthday today so
right now I'm going to go up the thing
is it's really formal here so I'm not
sure how much I can vlog but that line
up a few moments later oh my god oh my
god hi boys so right now we just
finished out my friend's birthday the
thing is I did already vlog in there
that much you will like a vlog situation
up a parts and there was music probably
but yeah guys huge shout out to my boy
messy happy birthday
but once again man I just want to say
look at this lineup though yeah we're
going to say one last goodbye to the
Koenigsegg I love you
this car is so beautiful guys I just
look at it look at this bad boy you
never see something like this ever guys
so oh alright goodbye goodbye to this
beast over here for now we're going to
go home in the Rolls Royce young boys I
just made a home right now it's super
super super late for the whispers I
don't want to wake anybody up
I hope you guys enjoyed today's look
guys I know this is gonna get Brad the
grips here and there and stuff like that
but to end of today's book we're going
to walk back in time to a belt sign like
a basically lost we kind of the belt I'm
but I never ended up putting it into the
blog guys with small belt I'm so enjoy
it guys and yeah
so time work now yeah yeah yeah those
are before yesterday's video we actually
want to do some bad mail now we had an
awesome day already so we might as well
end it with some gifts you guys said
yeah let's get crack-a-lackin' oh my
goodness Oh what do we have over here
this is a smart LED bulb for you guys oh
my oh my what you know look at that
guy's basically it's some sort like
smart bulb where you control it with an
app guys we're gonna test this out in
the vlogs layer on my tyranny just to
some futuristic light bulb so thank you
for sending this is from Indian by where
Indian by rocket number two so much
packaging what is this oh it's a cup
holder for your couch hearing over your
sofa beyo what okay imagine my arm is so
far I know all you do is boom you slap
it on and you have a cup holder guys so
yeah alright anyways thank you for
sending these in guy and as always I
love you guys all make sure to subscribe
down below we're doing a ton of giveaway
this month so if you want to stay tuned
for those just make sure you hit that
button hit the little bell and yet BAM
subscribe on my sister's face better
watch my last video and yeah as always I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo oh oh
