good morning good morning yeah everyone
what is that welcome back to another
vlog as you can see we're starting the
morning out with Rosie they break it
down dab dab back hey guys so for
today's video I just want to say make
sure you also have a beautiful day
yourself life is beautiful guys and
honestly this dog just made me realize
how beautiful the world is also don't
forget to subscribe to be a part of the
family and I need to get our outside the
outer portion poop skies all rising
goodbye I'm leaving the house okay no
don't give me those puppy eyes don't
don't give me those puppy eyes okay
anyways boys in case you've been
wondering Rosie has been doing way
better than when we got our guys the
first day she was actually super
dehydrated I think she was on the road
for a couple of days without food so now
she's doing way better and thankfully
she's okay guys that's the main thing
anyways for now I'm actually heading out
my mom cuz we have a ton of things to do
today so we're going to have to say
goodbye to her for now so peace out
Rosie alright we'll see you later
alright don't do that don't give me
those googly eyes alright so right now I
just met my boy which is yours God
what's up what's up
listen guys this guy's the man he's
getting one emotional but we know about
that life right we're not about that
emotional life guys we can hang out here
and his sister guys is your favorite
mural on it come on I'm paying you right
here come on
Rihanna yes a go check it out right now
I actually have some really really
exciting news now normally whenever I do
like the secret project I never tell you
what's happening until its final and
today I'm on the cover of a business
magazine the magazine is out now and
let's go check it out together
Oh guys check it out
here it is the magazine and your boy is
on the cover down god oh my god I'm so
excited I know this is the weirdest
place to read the magazine down look at
that guy's my sister doesn't know that
this is out now mummy
listen one copy is enough mummy what are
you you're wasting our money of five
minutes guys oh this feels really
special I know a lot of you might not
care but it's a big achievement to me I
know this might sound cheesy guys but if
you have a dream in this world chase
your dream don't let them say you can't
don't let that heat is get your head cuz
I've had a fair share of haters while
I've been vlogging but I want to say at
the end of the day it's worth it and I
love all the few true supporters so you
guys are amazing
guys check it out oh yeah
now you know isn't it
right now we just made it home and my
sister had no idea what I'm about to
show her case she's quickly getting
ready in the bathroom for the cool night
there's no queue or whatever
I don't know I know nothing funny I sort
nothing to happen I get here I give you
an open why is it mama or PPS up guys
look at there's a 1 billion I'm a
billionaire bro I think they added me
and sigan together and it's like you
know 1 billion plus 0 is the 1 billion
so they guys put me in the oh there
we are
oh my god guys they actually use such a
nice photo of me so shout out to them
for using that photo you guys are
amazing a society sort of wine yeah we
we got like we are like poor guys you
got you man just you know as I'm balling
you know billionaire just casual stuff
you know yes we're called business
celebrities Oh business I never said
that I never said that I did not say I'm
a business celebrity I they guys pretty
much it's a standard story I don't I
don't know they just throw a bunch of
stuff in there but all that matters
your voice made it we out here boy check
it out hey you know the lady next to me
she was staring at me as I wait a second
wait a second
I where are we going to today yes I get
was there meant to go to the desert to
film some cool bridge two days ago but
we ended up finding a dog so hopefully
today we don't find another dog right
yo our boy so check it out here you are
back in the desert I need something in
my hair one second
oh my god guys that is so loud that is
super long okay I think that's enough
our voice so check it out as you can see
right now we're in the desert with these
two bad boys and you might be wondering
why we're here guys you don't even know
do you
basically guys I have bought a new drone
yeah so for the first time ever we're
gonna have drove rage on the mo blogs
channel so let's see if we can get this
bad boy in the air guys I spent five
thousand dirhams on this Arjun
if did I charge it of course it needs to
fly right guys we literally drove out
into the middle of the desert to fly a
drone that we did in charge what is
really we brought to life Houdini's
engine yeah okay honestly boys I'd
already feel safe being in the middle of
the desert this late at night so we're
gonna head out of here let's see
thank you oh my god oh my god but
amazing you guys what you just saw the
place we entered actually had security
well I had no idea where I was entering
I think they just don't we're a part of
the construction site so I don't think
we were supposed to be there
late night doesn't run boys hi boys -
check it out quick stop at the petrol
station with both these bad boys
as you can see 100 on the dot guys do
you have this OCD where you try and stop
it on a number anyways boys for now
we're done pumping gas so it's time to
head out and these do bad boys let's go
why boys - the thing is right now I'm
actually heading out to go watch a movie
with my friends and the movie we're
actually watching is the new Tupac movie
dang dang dang dad anyways guys but now
we are heading out I've heard a lot of
good reviews and a lot of bad reviews
about the movie so today I'll let you
know what I thought ok if it's bad I'll
tell you it's bad and yet anyways let's
head out guys
and see this movie are boys so check it
out right now we just made it over to
the movies and I want to introduce you
to my friend Messi hey guys I'm here my
name is messy I remember the last time
mold logs put the video
animation of the guys I don't mean
Leonel messy my boys actually could
messy my life Matthew I'm not really
little asking but I'm just as good man
he's just as good we're about to watch
to pack right now so I'll let you guys
know how the movie is and I'll see you
in a couple moments peace Oh a few
moments later
whoa our boys the movie is over
I must be honest it was media I don't
want to disrespect anybody
the movie was mediocre at best is that
oh my god what is going on over here
I gave voice I just made it over to the
mall if you can see and there's some for
construction going on over here
oh what a load of that water i voice as
you can see there's my mom sister
grandma guy gang gang gang we out your
boy to me Oh two three four watching I
was gonna come on go go go go go oh my
god
Yoshio peaches I know that's crazy
everything now are you I know this
sounds weird voice since we didn't get
to fly the drone outside we're flying
indoors uh there's probably not going to
be a good idea let's do this one moment
- yo yo yo yo yo yo you don't have to
get it done moment dude there's a TV
there and there's Shonda Lear's and that
thing could easily cut your head are we
done
I'll be done Manik are we done our boys
basically what I track said today is I
bought a new drone I'm super happy about
it so hopefully once I figured this out
we're going to do more with it yeah I'm
going to not be inside - yeah
they're not inside the outfit or we're
taking it to the desert somewhere or
something yes yes please or not this is
Furniture Furniture hi boys - were
finally back home and I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I don't want to sound
cheesy I know I've already said this but
thank you guys so much for just being a
part of my life and you guys honestly
motivate me to keep grinding and stuff
like this it's just ah it's because of
you guys so I want to say a big thank
you Joe are you ready for this guys are
you ready hey guys you can actually see
our feet in the water which is crazy but
yeah anyways Oh Joe exercise thank you
guys so much if you haven't already
subscribed make sure to go and subscribe
to be part of the family anyways boys I
did promise you that today I'd be
announcing a ton of the giveaway winners
so go and check the description right
now but I haven't announced everything
guys so and around four days I'm gonna
announce the rest of the items so you
still have chance to win something be
there guys good luck
I love you guys so so much click here to
subscribe click here to watch my last
video and as always stay awesome Yolo
Yolo Oh
