yeah everyone what is up good morning
boys it's a beautiful day today we got
the pink Lamborghini listen I just I
feel good sometimes when I feel good the
weird side of me comes out Lana's behind
the camera
join us show them yourself right now
Lotte is a little bit weird - today BAM
what the hell is going on guys she's
wearing a pink outfit to match the car
she's blending in with the Lamborghini
look at this she's literally become one
is this Lambo or Lana I don't even know
anymore we look like one of those
spoiled kids on TV you know you know the
spoiler or rich kid honestly I could
imagine this picture being used online
for some random ad watch this girl make
5 million dollars a day just from
sitting at home
everyone that joins my eyes tonight boy
the hell
I don't think if they see my sister and
writing a little dress my god drivers
know we never get to see how people like
nothing
I can't even care you're in a really
weird situation right now we just made
it over to our friends house and the
Lamborghini actually over here I guess
if you guys don't know in Lamborghini
Aventador overheating is very regular in
summers especially when the weather is
hot like Dubai so right now
Lamborghini is kind of broken down and
we're just waiting for it to like bounce
guys we're trying to cool down the
engine
there's only one thing you can do when
your lamborghini overheats spin the
fidgets spinner hey imagine my luck the
first day I Drive it and overeat I just
want to use this time to say guys in
life you go through ups and down and
this is definitely a Down to Asia right
now we're stuck in Valley Park with a
pink Aventador has broken down
I work for the circus I know right music
be really cute baby
who's a cute baby so while we wait for
the land where you need to cool down we
came to see our friends cat guys this is
monkey ok check her out look at how she
runs guys oh guys my sister's eyelashes
look so creepy right now bro what have
you done to your eyelashes close it what
 it looks like your eyes are still
open when you close them that is so
weird
you know she's gained so much weight
since last time yeah she's so fat the
last time we saw her she was tiny and
now she's not like a flippin belly look
she can barely walk she can barely walk
she had yeah anyways right now they just
cooled us and I think the Ventura is
cooled down boy so we're heading out to
finally go and get some nice pictures of
the car let's go okay boys the twenty
minutes later the Lamborghinis finally
cooled down and we have another one
that looks like a hidden her situation
one good girl no you know that these are
the colors when they want to represent
when the baby's born if it's a baby girl
or a baby boy boy middle middle yeah I
show oh these were literally I'm taking
off my onesie because this thing was
boiling me okay so let's leave it for
now ready engine on guys this is the
temperature over here come on please
don't go higher than that uh uh the
temperatures slowly going up you see
that throw the temperature is going up
oh my god no no no stop stop
oh boy whoa we're barbecuing her okay we
are here boy
that money looks like a couple stolen
right all right girl I got my husband Oh
I don't think I've ever had more
attention on me than today Wow I go
really
over to the spa guys we're literally in
the desert opposite of you this is crazy
oh my god there's a drone near my car
get away yeah oh there's a Jordan oh
I've got your phone I'm trying to record
my new car video there's a drone
attacking us oh my goodness the doors no
I'm gonna get in where is he going
the doors are open holy moly
okay so right now we just finished
recording or video boys basically we're
like in panic mode right now the video I
just recorded has to be uploaded in the
next 1 hour
what was our so that we're super
fighting mode literally guys I swear
like I love bands the case but we just
like a thousand people over there lie
and they they didn't even know us okay
it wasn't like the her back is like I
love say hi too bad but they were just
like obviously it's a pink car and like
every two seconds somebody would like
color so yeah let's just take this car
home and I'm done vlogging I'm just dumb
vlogging with this car
oh my god it's so foggy ah why is it so
 check it out oh my friend just
made it in the Ferrari let's go all
right we have to go Rach if I was any
reason I actually could be heading to
the mall right now so let's go I started
what it is guys
even though I just want a Lamborghini
there's something about Ferraris that's
just different yo oh my god
yo I don't know what it is today but
it's just so steamy like everything is
like clogging up hi guys the right now
I'm actually making a pretty unusual
purchase I don't normally buy this type
of stuff but I'm actually buying myself
a water gun I actually ordered something
off eBay like two or three weeks ago and
it's coming tomorrow okay I'm not going
to tell you what it is but trust me we
need some water guns to make it more fun
and exciting if you know what I mean and
they have some water balloon slingshots
so yeah why not let's just get
everything the more the merrier guys
what are you doing oh this is when you
purchase I just made a hole right now
and check out my new Ward already oh my
goodness that's crazy that could
actually hit your I know don't you
tonight no she might be holding up on
I can Ollie if you answer this question
by our trade you're deciding the best
we're gonna receive us three wagons but
beware
God you don't even need to keep hoping I
want you pop look at this what on earth
is going on my guys are actually feel
really bad right now basically like ten
days ago I didn't tell time and I
actually never ended up opening this box
even though you've had it for like two
three months and so I feel like it's
time we did enough time just for the sky
to the red cabbage oh my goodness what
is this it might be Chanel huh
what me again what I stopped yes thanks
that was my not blame already it's a
hell oh hey Wow my great nice material
what Wow - well with luxury have a
receipt there we go you see that it is a
snapback I'm gonna be honest this is
actual of the most luxurious hats I've
ever seen I love the fact that it's
completely black and I love that it's
suede so thank you so much to all the
water were a company based in UK and we
are your big fans and watch your videos
in spare time thank you thank you guys
so much
over at whim presenting this is it you
guys are amazing when my I will
Oh it'll pick up whoa what is that
that's tighter that's a golden turtle
that's so cute
Oh oh my god guys we got like a golden
tray okay he isn't gold like I don't
think it's real gold it feels kind of
plastic you know it might be gold bro no
it's not plastic okay
somehow that doesn't matter it doesn't
matter guys somebody send me a golden
turtle
nice that's good luck creep shot or what
week for sending this in I appreciate
the gold turtle at the golden trade I
hope they're good luck okay I don't know
you're sending no moody stuff again I
better to good luck you guys go my mom
said everybody needs to tag Nicki Minaj
until she sees his car on it's okay i go
to spam her out admiral bludde that
lorna rose make sure she sees this car
cuz otherwise we've spent a lot of money
of this so please future wife you can
but yeah we're not going I'll see you
guys tomorrow
make sure to click here to subscribe
click here to watch my last video and
yeah Yolo Yolo oh boy
