good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog today I am
the happiest man ever because it is the
day after my birthday and yesterday was
amazing so if you guys haven't seen
yesterday was my birthday party things
go wild yeah oh my goodness that is huge
my birthday yesterday guys there's
actually a ton more gifts that just got
to me right now and the first thing is
this LG sent me the coolest cake I've
ever seen or ready for this this is
insane alright oh my god
LG the company actually sent me a cake
and if you guys remember I did like an
unboxing off their TV a while back and
they sent me a cake off it like look at
this
happy birthday ro no they literally have
my cat on the cake and that's me guys so
yeah big thank you to them this is this
is awesome and that's not even it guys
there's actually two more surprises I
need to show you like I feel like this
birthday I go spoil the most like the
most I've ever been spoiled but this
morning a fan came by and look at what
they dropped off at my house guys what
they gave me a portrait of myself and
they drew one for my friends sigan and
another one Faraj they literally
threw this over my wall so it was in my
garden this morning I was like what and
one more thing I got check this out
another guy came to my house this
morning and gave me a ton of portraits
like he drew me so nicely this is
amazing all I want to say is thank you
so much to all of you that wish
me happy birthday and spoil me with
gifts and everything I'm not really a
birthday personal I I never really throw
birthday parties but like you know if
it's your a good mood like seeing all
your friends come and like and it's cool
one thing I want to see if you haven't
already subscribed guys what are you
doing join the family right now so in
case you guys didn't see my birthday
cake yesterday we still have the whole
thing like the whole Ferrari is still in
one piece so let me go show you what it
looks like right now all right
look this is the cake that's my car no
you guys still doing get me a gift bless
my eyes let's go
we're sharing the staircase yep they're
going to have into all of that
wait mom what are you doing up there it
literally looks like we're about to go
to heaven hi Lana
I'll see you in heaven bye bye see you
guys so right now we just came over to
the store and they sell robots over here
and you can control them but by your
like device guys check this out so this
is the guy over here yeah hello press
the button check this out all right work
it do you work it gangee legs skanky leg
skanky oh my god hi you know I'm done
guys technology is too much I want to
show you guys the ghoulish gadget you're
ever gonna see all right check this out
oh my god that is a suitcase
it looks like a suitcase guys but this
is actually a bike Oh
are you ready to see yeah let's di so
this is a suitcase that turns into a
bike and it is insane all right yeah you
did it bro you did it
I know it's a buddy boom yeah we strong
oh my god Maura you're stealing right
now you know what to get me for my
birthday birthday is over bye bye bro :
it's only 5,000 oh boy forget that so
right now we're still at the gadget
store checking everything out and look
at this guy over here
did he just repeat what I said don't
repeat me huh yo yo yo welcome back to
another vlog I got rule they don't even
know what we're talking about
okay so right now we're just walking
around the mall you're not gonna believe
what we just saw oh my god bro is this
real life they have put the whole of the
Dubai map on the ceiling of the mauler
like what what you are seeing right now
is 100% real like there's no Photoshop
this is actually like the entrance to
like the theme park they have over here
guys look at this
what brah this looks so cool
whoa
wow wow wow wow so you guys might be
wondering where we are right now this is
actually the gaming section they have in
the wall and for like the past three
months those under renovation and they
must have just reopened it today they
have like the Burj Khalifa upside down
Lyla that's my sister and that's the
burj khalifa it looks like out of a
movie
I am absolutely fascinated right now as
I said it it's the first time I've seen
like the new gaming section cars on the
road like if you look up you see
yeah oh my god yeah she's right
so there's actually like a whole
projector screen up there you can see
clouds and roads and aeroplanes flying
over there whoa this is super
fascinating they've redone like the
whole gaming section and it looks like a
new world oh my god they've actually
opened up a bank over here in the gaming
section they bro who teaches kids to rob
a bank they would bill and guys there's
like a ton of CCTV over here so like
yeah even when you're playing the game
they're still watching you when I told
you this place has actually become like
a whole new thing they have a damn Bank
in the gaming section I'm speechless I'm
enjoying this holy moley so right now me
and my sister came around the corner
found ourself and like the creep
and whoever
you know this cameras above you didn't
allow yeah I see what's that I'm not
coming well we don't want I'm doing it
on you there's new beginning yeah what
if something happens to be down there
yo can we go home now there's like three
character have you seen like we in the
hood right now yeah we're gonna get out
of this country
yeah
let's go we're back home right now and I
think it's finally time we opened up the
moloids portrait so a fan through this
over my wall oh please give some of that
like yeah that's incredible like in
space in my house around
I actually put this in the house no see
you know it's perfect what are you doing
mom and that is an expensive lamp I'm
taking this lamp upstairs it's mine yeah
it's perfect set you guys a challenge
now you guys know I am this close to
five million subscribers so we can do it
by the end of the month I promise to
give away my sister what what do you
mean thank you give away what the hell
no I don't want to go ahead my sister
gets married this month what else go
you're getting married but you're
getting mad bro all right guys don't
worry I have a couple husbands so we
Fucci guys this month it's getting none
