good morning what is up everyone welcome
back to another vlog today is a special
day what are we doing we're joining the
class yeah basically guys today is
officially the day I'm thinking up my
brand new car my first ever Lamborghini
guys which is exciting and yeah it's
about to be a good day so let's go guys
we have a Lamborghini over there that's
my sister's and now we're gonna have my
one right next to it oh they're chucked
it bro that's justice that's a cactus oh
it might be a cactus hi guys so right
now we just made it 2-0 rules if you can
see and welcome to my new car BAM play
well Josie come sit over here
anyways Aldridge hi guys we're going in
finishing all the paperwork and all
students I'm gonna go pick up my car
Janus cars dude I think was the line now
we're inside the showroom they have a
lot of beautiful cars here but I'm gonna
be honest with you my car is actually
not here guys okay because I knew you
guys would come and check it out if I
left it here a gal smart I was smart I
brought the car guys and I took it out
straight away out there now we ain't
leaving it here
my polish here like everybody the
surfing I think this is most car now you
made yourself my car is not here okay
before I finish the paperwork they have
a new car over here which is completely
made me jealous you wanna go check it
out okay it's made me feel bad providing
my car it's that car so I won the great
100 oh my gosh that is beautiful oh my
god and your arrival by the way yeah
does this not make you jealous quite
that is beautiful
literally a new arrival guys okay once a
I'm gonna go up just to show you guys
check it out found new arrival that
looks like a Batmobile looks like a
business meeting here okay so it's been
a couple of minutes since we lost both
guys so people were getting on it's
official it's official guys my new car
it's time to go pick up my brand-new
baby let's go what does that flash time
I blended in with an ex teen blue eye
boy so right now we just made it over to
Gulf oil it's time to get my new car you
ready guys let's do this
oh my god it's there it's right at the
back guys you're not even gonna believe
this car there it is guys my new
Lamborghini oh I think we should I think
we should just go for right now you
ready yeah let's do this
so here is the Lamborghini it's time to
show you what it looks like okay because
I think you guys have seen Lamborghinis
before but you haven't seen something
like this right let's unveil this piece
so guys basically I don't know why I do
like Wow Wow really touching this plush
I know you don't believe this is my car
right now but I assure you believe it or
not like it's just definitely a head
turn thank you even the rims on this car
are pink Wow I don't say that listen I
don't want any comments calling me a
girl or anything like that beautiful is
that oh the thing is I don't think I can
drive this car alone let you think it'd
be normal if a guy drives us alone oh no
you don't worry I'm sure gonna giant Wow
look at me I can stop touching it so
much no your girl anyways there is my
new car honestly I don't even know what
to say like I feel like this can go two
ways either you guys can appreciate the
color with me okay all you're probably
gonna hate is a person okay is one of
the two guys honestly I don't know how
you guys can tell me that is not amazing
yeah it might be a little bit like
coming in it but only real men can
Philip think yeah but you gotta let the
ladies track you don't even get the door
oh oh sorry I brought out the pink
Lamborghini just a race with shining up
what the race the China just the Royce
in China okay here goes nothing boys
officially time to speak on this bad boy
all right
yes this is how loud
he said it's a girl's car now hi guys
this is kind of awkward literally have
no petrol on the first day with this car
and everybody is looking at it which is
sometimes in life you have to say Yolo
90k the more they scare you the more
they want to be I'm sure they do I got
the son in the u.s. good idea right now
and they just go the call
Oh
is he
you know I wanted to feel like were in
some like Barbie world right now and the
Barbie world guys honestly I don't know
what to say today actually doesn't even
feel real like this doesn't look like a
real car it looks fake if you know what
I mean guys it looks like a toy in real
life
bubbles hey buddy so in case you guys
are wondering what the new car it's a
Lamborghini Aventador roadster okay in
case you guys wanted to know I'm pretty
sure most if you do this I'm going to
say this I know a lot of people might
not like the color but we're testing it
out you know sometimes you sneak testing
to lie back just need to test it out I
sorta say if anybody knows the cube
Adarsh Center this video deke I hope you
like it
if you do and you're in Dubai a ride on
me okay so we can go we could jam out to
some of your music I'm just saying
that's an offer to you to Cuba dodge
okay if you're in Dubai
you want to chill hit me up first let me
just let this go let's just go okay so I
know there's gonna be a lot of people
asking why pink okay why did you make
your car pink because I don't care okay
honest you guys I just want to let you
know it's my car I can do whatever the
hell I want with it okay and to be
honest I thought the nice colors
honestly guys this is where I feel a bit
nervous okay in Dubai we actually have
like a group chat for Lamborghini owners
so I don't know how they're gonna
welcome you to that group chat dear mrs.
mo blogs with her big laugh listen
Lamborghini group chat I'm in okay I'm
official now alright and here is not
much else to say about my car I'm super
happy and to celebrate we're going to go
eat with my friend right now all right
let's go our voices to celebrate my new
car we've come to eat outside of the
family and it's my man wrong shirt off
birthday today again basically if it's
your birthday they do like a whole song
and stuff guys and give you a cake so
we're celebrating his birthday
Oh happy birthday to you what is
happening this is the worst birthday
music happy guys I just realized they
were all happy birthday with ketchup oh
my god guys I thought it's going to be
chocolate sauce it's ketchup I was sort
of finally home after that amazing lunch
yo imma be honest I don't know why I
love it when I hear happy birthdays I
just it makes me smile guys even though
my friend hey idiot video guys we're
finally home it's actually kind of dark
outside right now I don't know what
we've been doing for the past couple of
hours guys check this out that
pitch-black outside guys oh my god but
yeah overall I'm just super happy to
have something fresh inside the house I
don't know why whenever I buy a new car
it's just like something gets added to
my life place just like an extra person
even though it's Akari
it's like it's like a fresh fruit as my
sister says oh so it's late at night
guys I want to go out right now but the
Aventador is blocking the door I'm
taking the Mustang for obvious reasons
guys I want to stay low-key tonight okay
I don't want to have too much attention
or quickly moving the Aventador
and his boys the reason we moved the car
is I need to leave and I was blocking
the gate cell for an hour as they adios
and I'll see you guys once I make it to
my friends Shh okay guys so I just paid
it over to fatty house I think you only
use his door open so let's see oh yeah
that's all your reaction literally
somebody random popped out his house is
like oh like that's all you gave me
a look I gotta keep a stash man you know
oh my market here bro what is that I
need this that's for back here that's
really good got to keep you these are
very important fluff it yeah applause
low loss and then mouthwash and then you
gotta clean your tongue yes are you
kidding me put you staff a scrubber you
scrub your tongue would look at my mouth
I don't use any of that my teeth are
baggy surviving I am alright anyways
boys and as you can see I'm with raw
 I'm actually leaving him right now
so peace out buddy no kiss my head kiss
my hand bro with that I added his voice
as I said I quickly came to see what
rock is up to because he's leaving
tomorrow and we're not going to see him
ever again
yeah that's why he's going to go for a
while since ratchet is going to go say
goodbye to do so uh take care guys and
hope to hear so and hope you guys
enjoyed that I'm gonna get to the worst
con in the world
Oh
because no downtown walking home down
whoa we're home oh wow guys look at that
look at that anyways now that I'm home
boys I'm going to end today's video here
before I do I sort of say this is such
an awesome fidget spinner my fan just
gave it to me today and it's really cool
because if you guys can see that there's
metal in between and it makes it really
heavy and easy to spend if you know what
I mean guys so down what anyways before
you guys click off today's video I want
to explain myself a gap you're like I
need to do this in order to reduce the
hate as much as I can because I don't
know why I kind of feel like today's
video is going to get like a lot of
comments saying what the hell you just
ruined an Aventador number one I want to
say it's a wrap okay which means that
any moment in time I can take it off and
nothing has happened to the car okay
it's a temporary thing okay that's
number one guys and number two I just
want to say sometimes I feel like you
just need to just say Yolo I just do
whatever the hell you want because guys
you only live once and I feel like if
you don't just do some dumb stuff in
your life or at least experiment once in
a while like you're not living life to
its full potential but yeah as always
boys I'm going to wrap up today's vlog
here if you have enjoyed smash the like
button don't forget to subscribe for
some more epic videos I have a ton of
videos planted the pink Aventador I want
to take in public and see people's
reactions and who knows maybe we could
do like picking up girls in a pink
Aventador picking up boys in a big
Oh joking I'd well yeah Oh decide a lot
of cool videos coming up so stay tuned
and yeah click here to subscribe click
here to watch my last video and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo Oh
