it's getting hot so thank y'all
it's a hot day good morning what is up
your squad welcome back to another blow
along okay so the thing is today's I
seem to be a pretty awesome blog guys we
actually have a special guest in the
country Mahmoud phase Blaziken yeah
he's part of the faze clan and he's the
one that did the whoa Kemosabe song with
our skates oh yeah he's a pretty
important person guys just to let you
know anyways right now I'm heading over
let's see what the boys are up to
let's have an amazing day so we back to
my boy RHK right now about to shoot a
music video but there's a special guest
over here mother's face blaze vision you
already know guys listen it's about to
be lit today I shouldn't even told them
you're on the phone yeah were their song
to get guys she was on the song before I
was on the zone yeah I'm ready to shoot
bro hey it's an honor meeting you bro
I've seen a lot of your videos over the
years attitude it's cool to be a part of
yes dope that all this came together and
that we kind of just how many Daleks
pleasure brothers half and a half happen
to happen here go okay good it's game
time boys check it out we got the Lambo
and it's not
vbid sniffing my boy blazes in the Lambo
you ready to go are you a fast driver
I'm going to show here stood I'm not
trying again yeah a little bit that I
got like that like that and here's your
to remember that so the thing is we have
the Rolls Royce out today we got the
Lambo all the cars are here it's game
time I'll do part you're very used to
the scene I'm not so easy yeah and I
love it man I love it
nope having all these beautiful white
supercars row and all the attention you
get laid you know once Terry I guess
that comes with it man
it is officially game time right now
game time you ready your HR Israel yeah
I'm swept on a review action race for
that national I like that I like it
let's go oh my god I'm excited this is a
project right now this is a private you
love project project the real project
I'm in I love the way that this car so
many different colors cream seatbelts
which my boy should be wearing nothing
oh yeah we're vlogging roughly Jake Oh
Mickey particular routine now I want to
300 times its am page
in my count one two three four five six
seven eight subscribers on my youtube
account we're trying to record this
music video but every time we drive is a
squad by one car just moves in like in
between the side yard that are even now
there's something trying to come in
between us exact car yeah car it's a
black car it's not even a white car and
we have a white are you racist okay i
erase a day in the life of Shana a day
in the life of Shana Romney yo I guys to
check it out fall forward we're now
upstairs I'm in the Versace bro shooting
come on boy please behind the chair
until you're ready go yo but your boy
swag is straight swagging in the Versace
room look in like a straight rapper
anyways guys make sure to check out my
boys place oh man you don't load it in
some time right yes guys so go check out
those two bottles I'm going to be a one
of them hopefully no of course write
some more come on yeah we might do some
stuff tomorrow
um me and the guys we're going to go to
see the Burj Khalifa the matter come in
Dubai all my friends like all my face
friends told me that there's no tax here
yeah so like I'm just going to kind of
go looking at this place we're at it's a
$20,000 and night crib or something I
honestly don't even know either this
whole trip has been like hooked up for
me like I said no plans and expectations
I came here fast bitch fucking it's a
learning is it I think we should go and
finish this off guys because we've been
here like sweating the AC doesn't work
for to hear us whether this is literally
where you enter guys this whole area is
yours was lit about this Judaism there's
not like a part of this cartoon here
thing elevator work but the way you get
down the bottom or the top floor is some
guy blew it but you can't get up
yourself you have to go up to some guy
and have him bring how to escort you up
yeah that's the only way you can get
guys I can't lie they made me give my
false we're coffee
you know your ID has broken or else
random people would just be coming up
here you know I'm saying so like that
somebody asked or I guess you have which
is kind of it I mean I'm not going to
fucking live Boudreau I hate in from bro
there's a crazy shit out ever hi guys I
never introduced you my man Nick is over
here the whole time - how you guys doing
when you first came in look at you go
bro you're a superstar Moloch your
superstars whoa hard voice so right now
motive I don't know what I'm saying I
love my boy stark right now the guy
behind the camera something like that
guys he just literally recorded the
sickest music video ever right that was
pretty cool guys yummy del if Y all
right guys this vid we were all turned
up you better send me that for you guys
I'm gonna put in some of the pieces now
not too much a little bit but it's crazy
and look worse things have a pimple
worse they're fine you weren't that
close to the cameras in Versace and I'm
naked on then your head to toe and
Versace you guys this is not my idea
this was your idea right yeah not just
my idea
you guys all is like listen literally I
have nothing under this - the whole
shoot if you guys drop people but I'm
like crossing my legs oh my god I'm late
you guys okay so I quickly went to
changed up guys oh look who's here
my god showed when I open up and up tell
them what just went down
oh my god it was pandemonium craziness I
can't give you too much now a little
but no nonsense liar boy so for now
we're officially done over here at the
penthouse basically I'm gonna head out
the thing is right now I'm actually
heading out to go see my boy RSK perform
basically tonight he has a performance
and right now before you do a
performance they always have a
soundcheck you know where you test out
everything is fire and stuff so yeah
let's head out with you guys let's go in
the private elevator oh yeah all right
guys for staying pee stop for this place
adios ladies and gentlemen guys my boy
our skates performing tonight
I basically right now we're entering the
club while it's and look at this I never
come to club so this is also just seeing
how they look guys so this is a club now
this is the dance hall for move law by
the guy this is Caroline what's up
what's up what's up you ready no the
plug
holy moly
okay so right now I just met the sound
check my boys doing basically in case
you guys are wondering what's happening
my boy is quickly practicing up inside
until they open up okay because
obviously it's a club and they don't
open up too late but I saw odd coming to
show you because it's really interesting
I imagine he's going to be doing this
later tonight or when it's full of
people right one and it's so loud right
now we're going to go back inside y'all
look at these doors what this is not
we love you are scared we love you okay
well there you go guys my man aarush
gang you talked to my twin brother I was
like yes oh wow yeah not enough energy
bro
we've got my blogs on the stage we just
shut down an empty Club right now an
empty Club hug you do that blue guards
came over to do anyways boys for now
right now check is over
the thing is I'm going to leave them
because they need to go store out some
stuff and I'm going to meet them later
tonight for the main show all right man
I'm gonna be shouting your name oh fuck
guys this is I don't go clubbing but
like if my boy our skates performing I'm
gonna go yo I gotta check out where he
made it you know our guy so I just made
it to my family right now and as you can
see look at what they're doing right now
I leave them a whole day and they're
just eating still every single day I've
every single day hi guys I collect I
remind that we were working hard on our
goals and our dreams right Oh true yes
behind the scenes there's so much
happening that moseyed not see and it
hasn't rained yet he doesn't know it's
right I'm feel realistic and when you're
kids real people don't appreciate it
for fire boy so you quickly finished
eating our cakes and the thing is I
realized my boy RSK is performing now so
grace a piece out to the squad yeah I'm
not a traitor I need to go clubbing
right now are you going on your own guy
certainly I've been all laugh come to
the club okay then all that
it's been anything you guys it's the
guys environment if you know what I mean
Ivy's not guys enjoy it
oh boy what a crazy night that was
insane like no my boys kqt guys I
honestly the only reason I went today
was just to support him and see what
he's doing I felt like I'm actually
friends with someone like trade today
like the way he performed
he killed it guys I want to say a huge
congratulations there and yeah man that
was just like.he so it's currently 5:00
a.m. in the morning boy so I'm gonna end
today's vlog off here so I can catch
some sleep
honest you guys before I say goodbye to
you in today's vlog I just want to say
whatever it is in life that you're
passionate about
make sure you chase your dreams guys
honestly my boy RSK has been doing music
for like six or seven years and it's
just now like becoming a thing like it's
becoming huge so it's crazy to see like
somebody progressed in life and that's
what I want to say never give up on your
dreams it can take one year to can it
can take five years it's finally
eventually going to work out your way
guys as long as you do something you're
passionate about anyways guys I just
want to say I love you guys so so much
thank you for the support you guys have
been leaving on the channel listen it's
5:00 a.m. I need to catch some sleep
before I die so commit here if you want
to subscribe to the channel you're new
click here to watch my last video and as
always I love you guys Yolo
