yeah everyone good morning welcome back
to another vlog though a drove Arak
again today is the second day of Eid
which means everybody's happy
it's lit guys the thing is we're
actually going to start our day out by
going to buy some gifts the thing is if
you guys remember when we moved to this
house our neighbors gave us some really
nice gifts and we forgot to get them
anything so anyways I'm not sure if you
remember this is one of the gifts that
our neighbors got us and we still have
it guys so today we need to go get them
something okay woo so we just made it
over to the supermarket guys and you
might be wondering what we're buying our
neighbors we're buying them a watermelon
okay so basically guys we're actually
going to get them a fruit basket because
you know it's healthy so we're about
that health life
oh my god oh my god guys this is the
most fruit I've ever bought in my life
I want to check it out this is what we
got yeah okay it's really really heavy
guys is like 20 kilos of fruit so let's
go all right boy so he flies invaded
home you don't realize how heavy this is
that's after like you know the people
that work in farms and they do this to
carry their stuff anyways I'm gonna
create to go give this to the neighbors
guys yeah let's see what they think
holy moly it is a hot day today anyways
boys right now he quickly went and put
the gift outside my neighbor's house
nobody was home but I think they'll get
it once they get home good morning
okay side you can see the Lamborghini is
actually still with us guys the thing is
I know I pranked my sister and I'm not
supposed to buy this car but I feel like
I should just do it you know laughter
like I should even sell my rolls-royce
just divisors if my mom hears that
she'll kill me guys because you know
your voice spends too much of his money
on cars and like I'm pretty much
bankrupt because of them so I'm just
saying like all my money goes towards
cars I think it's time I should save
money but now I don't think we should
cuz I'm about that savage life oh my God
look at my cat well what are you doing
for chairs don't be human then fine you
can just relax there peace out body
pieces I love you okay so you might be
wondering why didn't we do right now
I'm about to prank my sister again so
right now I have
couple of Orbeez bowls now sir do you
know what this is there's super wet
pools and right now I'm going to go for
these on her he needs one Guinea to live
live velvet enjoy brother enjoy bye hi
boys - the thing is right now I'm
actually heading out to go see one of my
friends and we haven't seen him on the
blogs for a long time it's my boy my boy
or white M&M yeah I should check it out
guys you already know we just made it
over to my boy why Evan a long time
brother and you already know good thing
good thing
today's a special day we're reuniting
the friendship guys let's put an end to
war I'm joking I'm joking guys you don't
know make sure you go check out my boy
Robbie's new song is there is there new
song no anyways check out our yeah I'm
kidding guys check out Wolfie so most
people jogging whoa people go to your
sorry anyways right now we're heading
out to leave the movie met here but it's
so busy we call look guys and look at
this tank over here holy moly that is
insane so right now I just met a still
part of the your squad you actually have
some friends in Kenya that want a shout
out so do I like
I need a lien gang gang reality rally
our boys do you already know we have to
jam to my boyars case new song by the
way guys make sure to click the link in
the description because you can win some
free stuff yeah we have to pause the
song for a second but man sure where you
at where you at
yo guys I don't even see like some sort
of shadow no sir I cannot see you
although light roll keep the lights on
during by the way discoloration there's
no lights in the background okay that's
why my boy can be seen we just need some
flash now oh my goodness guys actually
you guys on the free stop it up been a
while hi guys freestyle session starts
now okay I'll take a hot on it and you
just be heard everything that I'm saying
it then yeah you write in your writing
poetry yeah you know shiny got it man oh
that's what I like the bug give you guys
a monkey beat we needed that on voice
you already know man it's been a while
since you've done this freestyling stuff
let me get on the beat three one what it
means is hot the kid is a sloppy food
fresher get applied in the king and
phenomenal some guys gotta be getting
them Henry opera bouffe you know I like
that guys you know what I want to see
I'm leaving your life I want to see in
our skin shown collapse
whoa chemo kill it's gonna be good at
you that's what we need to do you'll
always care you heard of collaboration I
know first Michael not been yours again
wait in line wait in line wait line
right so I take it for the pipe yeah
give it a pipe we give
go in it I got a non-0 Jeremy Piven yeah
yeah why M&M step those bars ah ah talk
I like that I like that hey guys look at
my parking right now guys look at that
parking you know perfection right there
guys I like that okay so right now we
came over to the gaming section they
have guys the thing is we came
unprepared because they don't let you
hold a camera on the rides but look down
there guys holy moly I dare you to go
through the door guys it says do not
enter but Yolo this is short you're the
worst person to do this they'll actually
arrest us alright alright alright so
right now I'm taking my boy Sean on and
a 1v1 dance battle okay it's not really
dancing it's like game dancing guys so
come on you ready for this
just do it Johanna how are you and
people I mean I'm and this is the score
Jay the score is going to come up guys
and the winner is
IG and I work my ass Racing racing
Romney looks like doesn't know what the
hell he's doing
yes Romney what's going on here you
don't know your left from your right
most still has time to greet fans and
beat us I just don't get this perfect
perfect
you got the moves you got the moves he
got the move Tommy still doesn't know
what he's doing
Tommy's just jumping around there trying
to advise each other who's better okay
with a sliding levitated game again too
crazy this is what you call serious
gaming addiction right now mom Ann is
going in right now oh girl they are
serious gaming issues yeah Sean is
everything good in there I don't know
what they're doing but they seem very
into the game right now a it's just a
game bro what are you doing why are you
so aggressive yo by the way guys check
out this pink do you a get over here
down okay you know it's funny it says
princess on board and somebody says
princess wrote it down because I have no
idea what's going on right now what the
hell are you guys doing I feel like
you're actually gonna hit it
accidentally oh my god guys what the
hell is going good
hi so right now we came back over to the
mall to pick up Rama's car but look what
car they actually have over here I am
there is a purple Camaro that looks very
similar to my sister's car so anyways
right now are finally heading over to
this place what's it called the South
place check it out some salsa I was
related to the spa okay so right now we
came over to the spot that Romney
recommended it's like a south for dog
things like it's basically a restaurant
but everybody's like hyper exhausting so
I'm just looking for a dent on the dress
that I can drive by the hand and chance
with our own Lobster basically he's
looking for a girl that into boys I'm
going to expose my boy Romney apparently
used to come here and basically you
would talk to every girl that came here
on did he go rejected at least ten times
or you made a friend like a girlfriend
so yeah I'll tell you what a lotta
injection of patron between them a lot
of rejections and every single where
woman supposed to be so mean oh my god I
have no idea what they did broth it's on
fire we came to a restaurant and we're
cooking our whole food this is the
coolest thing I've ever seen you cook
your own food at the restaurant the ice
shred this is really the coolest thing
I've seen in a while they put some like
weird blue gel in there and lay it on
fire and you cook your own food
yo okay so we finally made it out of
that place you guys as you saw what's
hot what are you doing another haven't
seen me dancing for now I'm actually
heading out so say goodbye to my boy
Robbie fail he stopped short we might
see them later on today but it's already
1:00 a.m. so out of your spies the way
you guys before I head out look who's
back oh he loved boy any of you guys if
you don't know we haven't seen each
other for a while well there's a long
time with that the war part
anyways right now we're going to get a
little change if my car needs one so
let's head out of here so I checked it
out boys quickly came to do an oil
top-up on this bad boy
yo I don't know how I Drive this car
every once in a while I need to do like
itself up for a change but I think I've
broken my car somehow it's not my fault
guys I Drive very safely yeah
all right guys step number two we're
going to quickly inflate the tires on
this bad boy
as I said guys it's been a while since
I've brought my car for any type of like
service maintain it so yeah oh my car
man my car is destroyed guys anyways
guys for now we are done engine is
looking good so now let's go move along
I would rather with now that I'm back
home I'm going to wrap up today's vlog I
hope you enjoyed it today was super
awesome catching up with the boys
haven't seen them for like ages so yeah
as it was I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow don't forget to ban click the
subscribe button right over here watch
my last video and yes I love you guys oh
oh
