we're working here I never like mention
anything disrespect respect you allowed
on your whole family and having that
didn't really mean really put it that
way yo good morning everyone what is up
welcome back to another vlog so I'm
actually starting out the vlog we just
finished having food at Nusrat it's the
place where salt bay exists but he
wasn't there so I didn't end up vlogging
anything guys but the reason I'm
starting the vlog here look at this
Ferrari
now this is amazing guys Wow
okay guys so right now I actually need
to talk to you guys a little bit because
I'm in a little bit of a dilemma now
basically I need to talk to you guys
about somebody called Adam son now I'm
sure most of you probably know who he is
he's a youtuber also a blogger and he's
also been on my blogs last year you were
cheering to by now the thing is I feel
like Bluff here if you guys haven't
already seen I'll leave some links in
the description there was a challenge
going around food like the kiss or this
challenge and he said a couple of things
about my sister which I'm sure a lot of
you made on this and I feel like ever
since then there's kind of been like
this tension going on and I don't really
want like this tension to keep on going
because we were really good with each
other back in the day so here's the
thing basically right now he's in Dubai
guys and I feel like it's literally been
one year since mid him of metal really
talked at all and I feel like that just
needs to stop guys so yeah pretty much
guys right now I quickly gave him a text
saying can I call you so once you
replied back to me I'm going to talk to
him on the board and let's see where it
goes from there guys the thing is
honestly I just want this to be behind
us like I don't like drama
I don't like beef and I feel like this
was just so unnecessary if you know what
I mean so hopefully once I get the text
back I'll see you guys when I make the
phone call
a few moments later
a few inches later
hello good good man I heard you in Dubai
yeah yeah bro you chillin here yeah are
there a couple months ago on bro
honestly until I talk to you a little
bit like like you know last year like
what happened with like the situation
when the videos and stuff you made about
my sister yeah and I just kind of you
know we were cooler friends I I expected
you maybe to like even like a heads up
or call me or like the video or that of
like respect because they off to an ad
yeah there's an honesty bro light line
no I'm not I'm like for you to like say
anything like honestly I just want to
like you're free if you're cool with
this like I don't want to like force
your anything to beat and I just you
know I don't want to have like this be
like no beep like this tension between
us because we're avoiding but I don't
really know it's gonna you think like
tension or I never like mention anything
disrespect I'd never want to disrespect
anyone like that yeah so it's like I
don't know how to say it like I respect
you a lot on your whole family in and
everything didn't really mean chilly put
it that way
honestly after like will be better he's
like men person are you free while I
don't know how long you're out here for
my like I feel like I'd be better if we
just men like to get out you know like
I'm happy that you actually you know
people everybody go meet up much more
life and in my head I'm just like doing
probably like freaking takes me as a
filler like no no like that you can meet
up and talk about it just let me know
whatever industry develop but I better
they just remember I didn't mean it in
no yeah disrespectful way no going you
call me about it yeah now honestly bro
like even be like by the way I'm
vlogging do you mind Liza okay I nice so
yeah bro I mean listen I'm down if you
meet tomorrow like it's not going to be
any like I'm not trying to like get at
you or anything I just haven't meet like
man to man and just like you know just
squash it that's it yeah I'm down I'm
down call me or whatever and let me know
or like where and what I'll I'll come
too
hi brothers good speaking tonight I got
target hi what's that too so they can
meet alright I peace bro thanks I don't
really know what to say you guys pretty
much saw the whole conversation we used
to be boys like whenever he was in Dubai
would show and stuff like that so that's
why I kind of needed to cool him right
now to see what's going on and stuff
like that
honestly tomorrow hopefully I mean I'll
text him to see what time you can meet I
just watch these guys oh oh okay you
know what guys let's continue the rest
of the day honestly as I said I needed
to show you guys what's going on because
I feel like even look he said it himself
as well like whenever he's in Dubai
everybody keeps on hitting my phone like
yo why you're seeing Adam I know there's
like something going on between you guys
and I didn't really want to say
anything's going on because it wasn't
something like too bad you know but
there was just like that little bit of
tension so if I kind of awkward between
us okay so the thing is right now I'm
actually heading over to pick up my
rolls-royce now the thing is I'm sure
you guys have realized in the past few
days my rolls-royce has been missing
honestly the reason is I gave it in for
service and then I never went to pick it
up just because I've been so busy so
that's what I'm going to go do right now
now here's another dilemma I'm in a gay
I told you guys that today I'd be
picking up my own shoes okay remember I
meant to say I told you guys that today
I'd be picking up my new car I almost
gave it away right there I'm going to
bleep it out but the thing is I forgot
that I still need to do all the
paperwork for the car like insurance and
stuff like that so I'm not sure when
I'll pick it up but it's definitely
going to be sometime this week okay guys
Deeks and I have
hours later oh my god at all it's wrong
okay boy so check it out as you can see
it's ow my rolls-royce is finally back
guys the thing is I can actually see
they polish the rims guys so why here is
just so hot my camera Hughes fogging
guys anyways the thing is guys I made a
smart move and my mummys here so she's
going to take the Mustang and I'm going
to take the rolls-royce right sounds
like a plan anyways boys it means right
now I'm actually heading over to go see
my boy fatty
the thing is apparently but we wash it
land today I didn't even know this but
let's go to the airport pick him up if
we can I'm not sure if you can or how
late he's coming to life if it falls my
bedtime it falls my bedtime yeah guys
I'll see you guys once I head out let's
go I see what they're up to yeah Oh yo
yo yo hi guys so right now I just made
up my mind
Fatih Ali our special guest Cassie
guys said we know your special guests
too often so appreciate it though she's
a special guest I should need to talk to
you because right now we're kinda in an
awkward situation basically I didn't
know this but for the past hour I was
actually with Adam and the squad but we
didn't talk at all but here's the thing
guys Fadi didn't know the situation that
I'm going through without him so he had
no idea to even let me know that he was
with Adam and I'm not yeah I really
wanted to vlog it for you because I it
was everybody like a whole squad and
squad so like we could have like a
full-out like a violin oh I'm kidding
guys no 5ba there anybody's I don't
knows whose side to take well I see
buddy give you a punch trailer what I
was expecting to vlog with him in the
mall but cuz of the situation I was like
man I had no idea that's so awkward did
you know I was wondering why like you're
sitting so far away thank you thank you
appreciate huzzah a comfy remote how's
it oh oh they're here like I was
supposed to talk to him I'm going to me
I don't know funny I was like when you
peers came to the restaurant like
there's a seat over there what would you
go through you have all this you guys i
Adam Zaku Kyle I just feel like you know
like especially when you put something
on media I feel like all like the
comments made it worse if you know what
I mean like you start reading stuff and
you feel a certain type of way so that's
why I never really tried to like respond
to it any more than I already did yeah
sometimes things like that you have to
handle it in person I thought it today
here and I even looked like the phone
call saying yes and I was like yo bro so
boy let's just go face-to-face I just
say what like that's it I so right now
we're at the airport waiting for my boy
Russia to come out he was supposed to be
here like off an hour ago guys that's it
is that it was a hat no no that's
definitely not it guys anyways we're
just waiting for Russia to come out if
you can see there's a bunch of people
walking out right now but yeah hopefully
when he gets here we can see what's up
guys
yo guys so little party made it rush it
is hearing from boy Abdul exact here
guys
you know I'm really jealous he came with
supreme stuff on and look at him he's
got the bag he's got the cake I like it
especially when I'm not go away yeah one
second guys listen this is why I hate
auction site guys she getting everything
like I went to the store and they lost
at the ladies off there because I her
there your dream you know but no they
didn't have anything like they only had
been building nobody sold out no bro I
went on the first girl my mom went and
she got in this theater service they
should have like a box over oh you're a
tough concept that was close bro I don't
have anybody man and we went to the UH
no Garcia where I got everything region
so what the response my I was in Miami
we party yeah so my father was a
disorder like they have a solution today
from Paris everything in the same guys
my boy wash it is water yeah we're
working here we're back we're back into
my can see Gang Gang great to go yo hi
guys so right now we just made it over
to Raj's house and basically he's about
to show us some of the Leviton stuff you
got are you guys ready for this this is
exclusive never seen ok go by soon so
everything bro this is that's the best I
could get oh my
here's back-to-back de Libertad another
one but don't throw these shoes down
what is that because it the easier these
are these are no way these are supreme
what I feel like easy
listen if you guys know anything about
the stuff we're showing you you know how
limited-edition this is my man's got
Louie Vuitton supreme on please
whoo oh how much are these things you
know how much they cost if I hate black
can Louboutins - pretty good
I bet you not one youtuber has as Betty
oh oh oh no you did it oh no he did it
no excellency boy buddy the resulting
solution mom ed went out shopping
well then when I shuddered why the hell
do you have two jackets why the hell do
you have two jacket guys Oh Louie
Vuitton Supremes you guys can see that
and it details the details because it
has in bro okay I'm not gonna lie that's
ugly
that's ugly ah yeah - guys the supreme
cardholder and the lollies don't do it
don't do it to them Russia don't do it
to the Russia's
for any reason but here you go this is
all of the supreme stuff my boy watch it
dot literally anything you can think
about just to let you know how exclusive
this is this bag is selling on like eBay
for over $10,000 so I like the duffel
bag demo guys the duffel bag is on
another level like this is the money bag
IRA thank you so much for the gifts and
thank you god bless you but this one is
attended to the Oreo squad giveaway
endure as you guys for now we're heading
up everything goodbye to Russian battle
guys my boy watch it always brings me
gifts oh god decimal man yeah anyways
all jokes aside for now we're heading
out so let's get out of here and I'll
see you guys once you get home okay gang
gang no no no what the hell oh you did
well you just slap my camera oh I wish I
finally made it home for today and
honestly it's been a rough day it's been
a really really rough day be there guys
as always I love you guys so so much
please make sure to hit the like button
if you enjoyed today's video I know it's
very different to like my normal happy
vlogs but I feel like it was needed if
you know what I mean I just want this to
be paused us for now big eyes I'll see
you guys tomorrow for another epic blog
make sure to click you to subscribe
click you to watch my last video next
the like button and now I'll see you
guys tomorrow where hopefully everything
is way better
alright see you guys yeah leo no oh
