we just recognize the celebrity from
there but humanity halt oh wow if it
good morning what is that everyone
welcome back to another vlog listen I
don't even know how to start today's
vlog up guys
your boy your boys were fighting but I
don't know wonder what your condo Nina
doesn't understand that I don't say I'm
officially famous on Instagram what's
wrong you can't have broken your
verified but you can't afford a camera
versus yo listen you guys don't even
know how excited I am I honestly I've
been trying to get verified for one year
now okay one down here and I'm finally
verified listen I'd already want to say
this cuz it's gonna sound like weird and
stop Thank You sigan this is basically
my max I did set up a meeting with
Facebook for me and it kind of showed me
that in order to do stuff you need to
meet people again yeah yeah I made an
order and you thank you to Sidon and
Sarah you know who you are
briea guys your voice finally verified
and yeah just guys you know the best
thing about being verified nah I can DM
anybody like me same anonymous go
straight to their involved and you don't
get you some bloody gamers Rihanna yes
you Reverend no way i swish it no bad so
yes there you go food i'm officially
verified your boy did it okay so let's
get to the part that all of you guys
want to hear how do you get verified
okay honestly this is a question I've
always had like how are these people
getting verified like like alright why
can't I do it huh okay
honestly the thing is I feel like you
just need to have a good relationship
with the companies for example Facebook
owns Instagram so as you saw the other
day we had a meeting with the Facebook
office and honestly the meeting has
nothing to do with verification we just
kind of like off them on the side and
they were so awesome to do it for me but
yeah actually building good
relationships video guys as I mentioned
I'm super super happy it's not like it's
a big deal or anything but it's a big
deal like I'm like it's a big it's a big
deal but yeah guys I think that's enough
about verification let's continue the
day I just thought I'd share my
excitement with you guys and yeah I just
I love you guys you guys are the ones
that really made it happen so we did it
together anyways before I head out for
today guys I want to remind you I'm
doing a giveaway so if you guys want to
win to logging cameras make sure to
subscribe and comment down below what
you think my new car is going to be okay
by the way just to let you know tomorrow
I'm taking delivery of my new car so you
only have today to enter so subscribe
right now I get to guess in your case oh
yes good luck guys good luck I guess the
right now robot is your really cool
challenge and the challenge is guess the
celebrity yeah mysterious music sort of
a celebrity and zoom it into some part
of their body like zooming in heavy like
imagine this basically we're going to
show each other zoom did photos of
celebrities and we have to try and guess
who they are and yeah you guys have to
play along with us can you guys guess
the
who the celebrity czars all right yes I
got the line we're going to go interns
for the day because on my cheek the
first one is a youtuber slash
Instagrammer nearly daily I hate you too
easy I don't think you know I don't kill
any father this is easy
come on really you gave me my offer face
guys if you don't know who this is a
metal detector
she gave me half of Rihanna's say that's
so easy
Donald Trump oh yeah thank God you on
something is a celebrity yes a celebrity
my sort of big nozomi nothing well every
girl if I was hit up like what she does
Oh cheap super rich yeah I can you gave
it away don't so much Paris Hilton yeah
why does her nose look so big in this
okay I think it's a shadow shadow month
is a very sly I love you you look
amazing
yeah she's the bad photo how does that
quinoa
I'm gonna give you a nice one right now
I'm gonna give you this is my favorite
oh wow you know what
I also use that photo Oh
oh we have the same spot on our food I
was like you never gonna get it
okay listen you're probably going to get
this one quick but I I mean God
oh yes oh my god
I think the topic of today's video to
change to how much of a life we have
guys layer no reason monsura life from
her tongue from her time and she knew
she was you'll never book I know
everything my god this mother good look
that's all I gave her a tiger guys howl
oh my gosh one okay my turn
give me bro give me the hardest your we
need to get the hard ones and here we go
okay how do you think I won't know this
now how do you think this is even on
later you actually thought that this is
not gonna be easy
I can't wonder what let me get the queen
of London oh my god I can't Danny is it
you get me over phases BAM oh I know his
tattoos Justin Bieber oh I think you
just you know what we just know everyone
- well never like this world's come to
an end
disastrous a tiny corner I like did you
want me to show you just this much oh I
know I know this might be a little bit
PG but I'm pretty sure this is all
the reflexes this is over 50 levels RJ
listen I feel like we know every normal
body part so I have to throw in some
butt action okay ready
listen guys we know all the body parts
except from the bus so bad here if you
know this you're weird if you know this
you are weird know what this is Raven
yeah it is a recent photo by number but
it looks like Selena Gomez from that
dudes like you have a big booty thing
going on we just recognize the celebrity
from there but guys with us we just
recognize the celebrity purely up there
but like are you guys kids at home
please do not let it get to this level
humanity's last hope if you guys can
ever recognize my but I might have to
end the YouTube channel like I my
attitude oh my god I know you know this
one okay ah okay aha easier to actually
none that I know is that Jennifer Lopez
okay now your turn
I just not do this anymore okay you know
honestly I don't know what is it I don't
you know all their butts man exactly to
face that's a penny
I never even you know your any reason
you have to know is it dj khaled you
small
very smooth I feel like a lot of you are
also getting these right so I need you
to evaluate your life okay if you're
getting all of these right you may have
a problem just just a little bit elusive
Adele who the hell is smiling so do it
Kate are there two celebrity from
YouTube during youtuber yeah okay I'm
gonna get and hopefully I'm right sorry
Jenna model ionizer Louise's mystery
mouth it looked like a white girl that's
why our boy so this is the final person
I want to show you okay this is the
ultimate bonanni if you guys cannot
guess - it is listen you have to
subscribe like the video share it with
your friends and I want to see who can
get this right okay
she likes some rosy approaches remember
I don't watch TV that's the problem
why did something else before they start
a TV - yeah they were an accident
why are you right here this no no no you
get another one don't get one too if you
guys are still here that means you
probably haven't gotten it okay in the
Ellen as Ellen DeGeneres been an athlete
before bow never get say yo that has
been the guest of celebrity / youtuber
jolly nice and funny than me does I'm
not gonna lie like who did it it looks
like nice this is really nice and it
sounds so wrong
yeah guys there you go that's where our
little guest the youtuber / celebrity
challenge if you did enjoy it smash the
like button for now I'm gonna say adios
to you guys I feel like you need some
time off the internet for this video so
go rest up until tomorrow guys I just
but yeah I love you guys so so much make
sure to subscribe over here click here
to watch my last video on yes Yolo Yolo
