you did not just do that you did not
forget you did knock on it she called a
sausage you haven't you did that I did
that my new core is yo what is up your
squad welcome back so we're going to
start out today's vlog with a little
prank I'm gonna go scare the living hell
out of my sister Oh No we about to use
the air for the savage out here boy
alright good morning Laura what's up
alright see see you later man CNN enjoy
bye but anyways what is the news good
welcome back to another vlog before
today's vlog starts I just want to say
you're amazing you are the best and yet
just be happy and let's have a great day
together alright okay so the first thing
we're doing today is I'm actually
meeting up my boy bo he's the 10 year
old property mogul he's the one that
actually sold me my first ever apartment
which is insane guys so we're just going
to go catch up with them say what's up
and just hang out for a bit
so yeah let's go Maya
hi guys so you already know I just made
a noise of our point born he's the first
place we come over to we've come to play
some football guys now you might be
wondering why I'm sweating we already
played one game it was bad
hi guys somebody shot the ball right now
we're here with the private part
somebody shot the bull bull
and that's why right so that you don't
play anymore guys we're taking a break
look this is all sweat because of the
pain hi guys right now while we're
waiting for the football game look at
the climbing rule they have over here
blood they have the coolest designs in
the world look at this
it literally lit I love on timing timing
work anyways I've never see broth
climbing wolves as cool as these guys
like they're so host of like oh my God
look at that guy that's how you climb it
he's literally putting his hands in the
speakers is that speakers no I don't
know why I just want to see a bull no
wonder what your condom doesn't drink
Wow yo hi guys so right now me and my
boy Maurice are actually going to the
most exclusive place the mall advocate
any excuse is basically to get him you
need a black card and I know you're
wondering well how the hell are you guys
going to get in because you don't have a
black card and he caught him another
life hook basically listen it's not our
black card it's our friends so we're
just going to pretend like I'm somebody
else so now it's time to flex if I go to
jail because of this I'm doomed again
this and we're entering Oh
guys I got the card in my hand done it a
few moments later yeah
Jonah say what happened
I feel here so many times but they said
I'm all so basically didn't let me in
cloud-like it apparently does age limit
to this lounge like really I was like
they're like what today there is no age
limit look where we are guys were super
close I got so right now I just made it
on that mark and I actually got a new
car all right
okay you want to see it yeah so you know
a lot to tell them what it is well cover
is nothing but if you like this we got a
whore exclusive yet I'm going to show
them my new car and they have to give
you their honest reaction
who did not just do that you did not
learn it again
Gertrud you did not okay
yeah are you on it Oh sushi call the
sausage oh yeah he he's coming he's
coming up with him faint anything like
that yeah yeah I did that amazing cook
it's amazing oh my god
it was very unexpected it's another
trick all right yeah and also a color hi
guys I'm Michele mom in my new car I
ready yeah I don't think she'd take it
no good stuff what you ready to go yet
because this was the goodness no honey
another were in the car yes guys I
finally purchased my new car and yes
today is just me telling you that it's
done okay basically the car is purchased
and I'm going to reveal it sometime this
week
Oh so I have a plan alright guys I know
my boy mo he's ten years old but I
wanted him to help me find a girlfriend
today or life and how so we're going to
pull up next to other people's cars and
hopefully they they see you and then
like all we have to talk to them so they
have to come to us okay okay okay what
are you going to talk to them they're
going to talk to us I'll be doing but do
not mess this up right I finally
returned surgery oh hi yeah great um my
friend here his name is Mohammad and he
found you quite attractive and if you
don't mind maybe if you don't get your
number or something
she called cultural tip both dead
yeah you get up oh she's calling the
cops she's crying across this was a
mistake was I told you that her approach
is so aggressive they don't get a
ten-year-old how do you think my oh it's
about to happen what are we doing we're
doing a fight kind of no we were
fighting I mean not really resorbing you
just jumper all right guys it's that
time my boy mo he's is getting inside
the Zord bull are you ready bro I'm
gonna kick you I'm actually gonna kick
you this seems dodgy my boys inside the
door boy pull yourself up okay I want to
do a backflip with this sure
yeah Salvage go what go what go boson
it's not playing girl all right guys
come we need to try to get moves up come
on man oh I've never sweated this much
in my life but I actually look like I
might die like you from dehydration
I've voice' been a long day so far for
now my boy whoa he's heading out so
we're gonna say peace out to him down
down hey guys for now he's going out so
until next time we'll see you tomorrow
quinoa no no not a month like in a month
ever
okay I just made it home right now my
mom is asleep
so let's go prank her with this hello
everybody how are you doing so now that
I'm home I want to explain to you what
I'm with now that I'm home I want to
talk to you guys about my new car they
see you guys as I mentioned this week my
brand-new baby is going to be in the
family so I thought I'd let you know
what my new car is right guys yeah my
new car
yes good guys yes I finally bought my
first ever Lamborghini now you guys
might be wondering why am I telling you
what my new car is okay I actually have
a competition for you guys okay whoever
can get that exact model of my car and
the color gets to with a vlog you have
two chances to win blood cameras guys
okay they're going to be my old blood
cameras but that doesn't matter because
they still work perfectly fine guys in
limited BAM America one of them might be
a little damaged listen guys you can win
a vlog camera all you need to do guess
what Lamborghini I go like what was it
it is guys and just get the color which
is going to be hardest thing you've ever
done in your life because it might be a
combination of colors it might in one
color it might be specially not matter
it might be what it might be anything
what are you doing
Julian's right okay come check this out
guys no we got my mom sleeping over here
bubbles is sleeping over here Lauda's
over here light listen and it gets
better look over you guys look over here
are you kidding me
are you you're sleeping over here
alright so as always boys I'm gonna wrap
up today's book here if you have enjoyed
make sure to smash the like button as I
said I'm really really excited to show
you guys my new car I finally got my
first ever Lamborghini my dream car
literally my dream car guys so I could
show you what it is exactly that it's
going to be amazing but yeah absolutely
I love you guys so so much thank you
your score for being part of this family
and yeah I'll see you guys more for
another
love so stay tuned stay amazing and yes
Galliano Oh
