yeah everyone what's up welcome back to
another vlog how you guys do it today so
I've got some really exciting news for
you today basically right now I'm going
to purchase my brand new apartment so
all the paperwork is being done today
it's finally gonna be mine guys and it's
just a dream come true man so check it
out voids right now I just made it over
to the location where I'm doing the
transaction and look who we have here my
boy Bob everyone how you guys doing
today and is hi okay okay so basically
guys if you don't know as I mentioned
the other day this is my boy Bo he's
he's not my family over here we're
pretty much actually related guys I
didn't tell you this but we're pretty
much family but anyways his family
actually has one of the largest real
estate companies so I'm buying the
property from them he's kind of like my
agent in this whole thing guys so do you
have the paperwork bro
thank you you got it ah here it is my
first apartment this is the Bobo where I
get my first house I'm no longer
homeless broke when you appreciate you
you know look you owe guys you see don't
get all jokes aside make sure to
subscribe to this guy okay is the best
youtuber of all time but it's kind of
inspiration month it's getting emotional
hey guys there you go right now we're
gonna go chillax by the rice lets a guy
show my lambo he's some love lost video
we did a lot of people were taking the
jokes out of context and you guys just
abused it that's not right they asked me
how are you say that you're fine they
are not really fun you just can't get
into a thing with never understand
especially result this time so she'll
have some luck okay go to is what's the
chatter bowling em all each I said yes
go guys go she'll have some love this
time okay he's 10 years old please well
the think of your children they gave
your burrow burrow what car did you come
in by the way just know you know
remember the first time you met you came
with the Ferrari to say 100 check you
know down some roads you stole Stephanie
from me my boy my boy I might know you
get out get out of the car you get you
get up then I said no your car oh my car
now we're going to head out we're going
to go have some fun so just so I'll show
you because this is the car that we
first met in guys and I'll stand the
swear oh sorry man the family
relationship to me he won't be good for
content
okay hang on here you want to cook it hi
guys
you know what if you want us to cook an
egg on the Ferrari smash the like button
you don't hug that 100,000 that did do I
so since I bought my property today guys
basically it's a tradition when you buy
something you have to treat others
around you so my little brothers I'm not
buying anything today I'm just bringing
you out that's your treat for today I'm
Brit so basically right now I brought my
boy over to the candy store we're gonna
do some candy shopping
they have this really cool like candy
sushi bar over here slide it if we take
one that's like a bro it's on the house
just run before he sees you're a kid
they can't take you to jail
all right boys what do you want me to
buy you today basically you come over
here I've asked you want anything oh my
god what what there's an Arabic evidence
and this is upstairs bro I swear we
should sneak in I I don't um today I'm
just teaching my boy a couple life
lessons okay that's all we're doing he's
not my little brother so I might as well
teach you about to hustle you know I'm
going to give you emotional speech
everyone make sure if you want this is
the great Moses said this hustle hustle
hustle everyone hustle hustle hustle
you'll make it we're move offices which
is high up in the ranks guys oh my god
oh my God look at the size of that Twix
bar I mean another life lesson chocolate
is the key to success oh by the way
right now I just met some yours good
today was so gay guys apparently they
let me know there's like a footballer
over here somewhere what's the name
again
according Accardi but like honest you
have no idea who he is but a pan is like
a huge internal app of water so if you
watch my blog and say what's up man tell
me you again he doesn't speak English
Wikipedia no you know dress cattle Sabu
according care guys I hate how you know
is this guy the computer so the thing is
right now my boy actually has to head
out it's just curfew guys so I'm
exposing him it's like five o'clock he
has to go to bed so he's actually
heading over to a lunch right now so
what my dinner and dinner you setting or
so dinner right now three say goodbye to
him
and I was heading over so dinner so
let's go I'm late I'm late guys we are
heading out let's go whoa okay so I did
tell you I'm having dinner right now
boys but the thing is I'm actually going
there my boy fatty and maybe wash it
again and the reason I say maybe Russian
guys my boy is unpredictable I one day I
call him and then he sleeps like
you sides buddy-buddy father is right
now me a fat you're going to go have
some iftar guys we're starving so go eat
the thing is we're actually going to my
boy Mohammed space deals on real so
let's go grab a gun done I check it out
boys right now we just made it over two
deals on wheels as you can see we're
about to have some if dark they've
actually made this place into like an
iftar table which is super super also
like I'm not sure if you guys remember
this is normally where they have like
all of the hypercars like this super
expensive gardens okay so I actually
introduce you guys to one of the
youngest your squad members what do you
like my car be honest you like it what's
your favorite bar by the wheels you like
a little give you a high-five I'm like
that Yolo Yolo a highboy so for now we
just finished in but I want to introduce
you to my boy Ali what is up hello more
how are you like a ladies basically he's
like the biggest car blogger at the buy
so hit him up right now so much room
thank you so much how was the correct on
this bro he just gave me some characters
like on point guys already know you were
enjoying some really nice product
anyways guys check him out just saying
like the biggest card whether in the
body or any no much really appreciate I
brought ready got on the tea so peace
out
okay so before we head out I shoulda
show you guys one of my good friends
anis over here
I'm basically right now he just led to
me his Richard Miller watch check out
this bad boy this is a half a million
watch on my wrist guy so it's beautiful
it's beautiful yes there you go anyways
boys for now we're leaving it's really
cool because they had like a red carpets
out for this event so yeah oh we got a
gift program ever ever ever if you tried
to steal like used huh hi thank you so
much that you already know that each
other what we got
freecell we're sending me so if anybody
wants some
everything is read on that is yo ice I
just made it back home right now the
thing is I'm actually going to tell my
family that I bought them this for a
gift okay the thing is if you guys don't
know eat is in like the next two days
guys so I'm just gonna pretend like I
bought them their 80th Eid Mubarak share
sharing is caring Chang's can I giving
him Chang Sheng sharing is caring
great by the way that's no alcohol guys
okay there you go ed revoir guys yeah I
didn't buy it
Mohamed he gave it to me Thank You Ella
GI she said give it to your family as
they get so yeah I'm taking credit for
the gift teddy bear Oh anyways the thing
is the reason we've come to the Malloys
basically were trying to do some age
shopping oh that means I think it should
not not you guys for friends you guys
are family don't get easy but let's go
remember the dubstep like this the duck
so we didn't end up finding any gifts
today so you didn't even take me Shelby
what are you talking about no no we did
we didn't find anything we didn't find
anything no what kind of it you didn't
even take this chocolate our bros
clothes brother their clothes bro as you
guys already know my brother has bought
his first property yes we're so proud of
him
now he's approached mogul you know what
that means
this guys were no longer home yet I
might actually do a challenge where I
live alone for like a week or two
sure you can do that model I could I
broke do you go yeah any more cooking I
don't know how much I can show you
though Wilma core work is inside here I
got something
yep this is my new house
and the thing is guys I'm just shooting
outside because he's balling guy to the
boss he's entrepreneur he the property
mogul an investor you think you get my
boy but he's at his family super nice of
them and he's like my little brother guy
so please just just show you 10 years
old if you're loving God show me some
love some boys from love managed to ten
years old how do you like maybe the
birthday the thing is are you guys have
seen him like three months ago so yeah
man support a ten year old man support
yeah unless you love them too anyways
guys now that I have a house I'm a
changed person guys money changes you
saw yeah I'm ready the luggage yeah
Hickam Comet business I didn't care
about my faces okay guys you know what
time it is it's notice good time anyways
as always we wrap up today's vlog here
guys make sure to subscribe over here
watch my last video over here and as
always I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow
jolly Yolo Oh
