Hey I can't watch God is mighty very not
that I'm fightin around to know
good morning yeah what is not everyone
welcome back to another vlog so it's
actually really early in the morning for
me right now and I don't normally wake
up this early but right now I actually
have a meeting with sigan okay well me
and him out of meeting guys so I'm
heading out let's go and I can't wait to
tell you what this meeting is about
because it's about something really
really cool guys so stay tuned right yo
what is up sign in wait a second
good morning you guys just had an
illusion happen on the vlog right now I
where re right now as you know where we
are
tell you guys okay so we're starting out
the day at the Facebook offices
vengan Nielsen is still here with come
on man what are you doing and you're
here with me I need to know
Yolo Yolo I don't know who wrote that
was a fan it was a fan guys those are
bad anyways today we're taking a little
tour around the face with offices guys
basically your boys got the plug so
we're just checking it all out and yeah
that's good take a tour
it looks amazing guys look what was here
as well so who's that was he actually
here mark doesn't deal with that no way
uh Wow we're literally on top of the
world right now what would you do if you
were in the frame jump down the building
man comment down below guys if I wasn't
afraid you know I'd be straight out that
window right now since it is offices
around here I don't think I'm gonna vlog
much more because like there's people
working so for now I'll see you guys on
the other side we pretty much showed you
the coolest part young a lot looks and
the coolest lady
measures put hi guys so right now
matching up playing a game of ping pong
against Sora
apparently she's really good the likes
of poison savage out here take it easy
on girl smash delay but what was that
not bad look at this
Wow like I just try to put in my
comments into these videos slyly oh my
god this looks funny YouTube my happen
is because I'm not going to get verified
negative I want it hungry I mean so guys
if you ever wanted to get verified on
Facebook on Instagram you have to win
and take bug against employees the fair
play there you go get you in yeah yeah
just just about another nine years
almost negotiating his way into Facebook
verification and Instagram good morning
our boy so right now and in case you're
wondering why I'm speaking normally
again we just finished with our Facebook
we didn't listen inside the offices
quiet I didn't want to shower change so
there's people staring at you they will
start playing people editors guys want
to start to a day honestly like those
amazing meeting star and the whole team
because this ignites Facebook is worth
knowledge like 60 billion I will you
find in a hundred billion three hundred
it's an expensive company so now we have
the plug-in a little bit oh look where
we are guys we are back in the movie
anyway the thing is right metal slide is
only dropping me off to my car because I
accidentally missed the turnoff so I'm
going to go home he's going to go to his
meeting and then we're probably going to
meet up later today who's covered
look who's covering yes in case you guys
are wondering what's going to go right
now my sister put a black boss got her
nose and it's time to peel this bad boy
off can I do it no you just like just go
like that
that's how others do it oh nothing
happened yo if I wax in my nose right
now anyways boys I just made it back
home from the meeting right now I want
to talk to you guys about a couple of
things so first things first as you guys
so let me show you let me show you just
for proof okay
BAM the meeting I had today was with
Facebook okay so basically before you
guys say anything gay though it had
nothing to do with verification although
it might happen guys I don't know Matt
please guys like this video right now
and they might do it but more
importantly guys the meeting was about
like putting videos on Facebook and they
have like a ton of new things coming out
so we're really talking about that so
there's actually some really exciting
things coming up guys I'm just saying
I'm just saying alright yeah as always
what the meeting was about guys and in
case of emergency let's say one day my
facebook account gets hacked at least I
have somebody inside that can help me
you know what I mean like I've got an
inside hitman any recorder you slide I
love you let's get the day started and
let's go up some fun alright alright
right it is a beautiful day today maybe
I said that way too early it's hot so
I'm not sure how many of you guys have
realized this but for the past week I've
actually had this Maserati at my house
and it's not my car like it's not my car
as you guys know it's actually my
friends so right now I quickly need to
go drop this bad boy off because I
pretty much stole it like this is a
stolen
it's the stoner car my garage guys it's
not mine but I mean we did have some fun
with it we did have some fun hey buddy
what is that I don't know if you guys
know much about this Maserati it's
actually a special edition and listen to
this engine guys as we say sometimes
it's just so fun to drive a convertible
right now I just made it over to my
destination bad idea to have the roof
off guys I'm not sure if you can tell
I'm sunburned because I was stuck in
traffic but I mean so still alive so
right now I'm actually waiting for my
mom to come and pick me up guys but
while I'm here I actually need to show
you a very special car look at this this
is a Hummer limousine and I can't wait
to show you the inside of this bad boy
it's amazing anyways here goes nothing
guys welcome to the limousine
oh yeah in case you're wondering who's
inside it but you already know guys
cowboy Conrad anyways guys this is
insanely honestly this is one of the
coolest cars I've ever seen come inside
guys welcome as you can see you guys
inside they have like a drink area over
here where you can put your drinks this
is literally the coolest car ever this
is this is the coolest driver now you
can see my boy Conrad sir Zack
we're very good boys that is a Mustang
limousine I love the color we need to go
with that one day we went to my father's
go let's go yo I was right now me and my
mum actually came over to the grocery
store it's about to get crazy okay
basically my Boyarsky is meeting up with
me later today and I have a little
challenge for him again we went and
bought a ton of peppers yes check this
out guys stay home so I'm going to try
and figure out a way to make them eat as
many of these as I can okay hopefully I
mean one of them vomits or something I
don't know there's a little relief phase
but I want to see if I can come up with
a challenge or maybe even just pay him
to eat the whole pack okay because
they're spicy five hours later boys and
look who's here
are sj5 our guys new blood we had a plan
to meet each other at 4 o'clock today 4
o'clock so start work already no
generation-e my man here is teaching
Lana how to like set up this stuff I
don't know what it's cool but it seems
pretty professional out here yes the
crazy thing is Lana is so far ahead of
the game you know Matt
- be serious marry me she knows better
you know she goes godson my family's
talented what can I say now like I said
so basically right now we're going to do
a little challenge me versus of my boys
hand up
I wouldn't avoid some Chili's I'm not
sure how spicy they are they could be
like mold
okay well why do we ever one seed at the
same time you know one guy running away
from this oh there's this room come on
guys
basically this is the rules of the
challenge we're all gonna have to choose
one by one together
whoever gives up is out - single time
are you sure you can even have more than
one god I can't no bullshit oh maybe a
green or red body sorry sorry not me
what's working red yeah yeah we don't
wanna hear guys that has to be equal
sized you can't make more goodbye I
can't watch Jack Lew oh no no way we're
gonna need some salt on sweaty boy
my brain was not that diverse yes I'm
always busy lately
oh man whew it's where I'm going to eat
it and you took your eye with the same
Hickey I guess I might toss or something
so much oh yeah yeah okay okay
Oh what's wrong this hurt so it is
messed up on my mic me is so grunting
yeah his opera swag oh yeah little the
team is to to quest less valve time down
and breathe through your nose and keep
calm bill crazy right now I'm going
crazy
like the back of your tongue is like our
fire right this is the aftermath of the
chitty-chat I think it would mean time
in the meantime guys I might as well
that you know our skates performing
students in the hood patient with no
sensation I'm sweating through my eyes
right now
oh how did it is also go guys oh man hi
guys so it's been a couple of minutes
and we've all cooled down so round two
how do I get a green one the green one
no no you know
no no no you told me I wasn't going to
come before a challenge you told me comb
through your setup I come through you
put me in some listen guys this is what
he gets rapping being if he was five
hours earlier I was going to store my
Chili's I only bought it one hour ago
yes and that's what you get for being
that late anyways guys obviously I don't
know what to do the chili sell subscribe
and I'm doing a chili giveaway for you
guys it's like it take the rest of them
so before we leave I'm taking everybody
to my room to check out my sneaker
collection bra hey the ones I just got
motorbikes moly Oh bro
wait the same time they know but mine
are just plain attention faker what you
got yeah I didn't get him yet no yeah
the guy on Instagram reached out to me
news like you're gonna have to be like I
switched kids a businessman the matter
we did is this morning he didn't even
tell me you got three so I'm pretty sure
you guys haven't even seen this but I've
got three pairs of these coolers so yeah
there you go guys in case you wondered
don't worry we're I got the problem
don't worry I got them from my blood are
you guys ready for this turn off the
lights now whoa
if you moments later anyways before I
say anything guys I just want to say
this this is evil a gay guys honestly
today was my first time ever in my life
trying a pepper and these things are
just disgusting my um net I've never
tried them again honestly guys like with
peppers I thought it's a normal thing to
eat them I see people always eating them
but I don't know what it is about this
one that like just choked us all up like
it was bad it was bad guys might eat
spicy food huh I tell them something
else you love them which one
well yeah guys as always I love you guys
so so much thank you for the support you
guys are believing on the channel if you
haven't already I'm sure you guys have
but if you haven't again don't forget to
subscribe
don't forget to like and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah Leon oh boy
