good morning London welcome back to it I
can be normal here good morning Avenue
you're such a weirdo yeah good morning
everyone welcome back to another video
so today as you can see we are in London
and oh boy is it freezing right now like
I am crying so today is our first day in
London we literally landed this morning
from Dubai and today we're gonna go have
some fun mom forgot to bring shoes like
food guys
my mom is wearing the ugliest sandals
I've ever seen in my life
we're gonna go expose mommy mommy are
you good mommy look at the sandals my
mom's laying with socks mommy
so the first thing we need to do we need
to go sort out my mom's shoe situation
because it is ugly
hi guys so right now this guy's playing
and what's this good this guy's doing
amazing job
oh my god bro I swear that looks like
you Oh
oh my god guys let me know the
compensation if that doesn't look like
Lana right now her face like her hair in
her face like ignore the rest of it
my sister's pointing to it as if it's
her people are gonna think it's you like
you're pointing at your own billboard oh
my god that is so Lana right there bro
if I've Photoshop your face on that it's
gonna look like you anyways let me know
in the conversation if she looks like
Lana from your recently Kim Kardashian
that's it like you're her Lana Lana
you're on every billboard look another
one for you in every billboard oh my god
another bus stop and Lana's here again
oh that is awesome
oh my God look at my mom's beat right
now bro it can't please tell me this
fits guys does it fit
does it fit my mom finally got some new
shoes eh hi guys for now are saying rest
in peace to our old sandals guys look at
this look at her sandals they were
ripped
there they go guys I'm gonna go out home
I put my pots and pans and do that guys
Lana's back are you done now I'm so
proud of my sister she made it she's a
model now
we just hung to get you guys to go catch
it go go be robbed so we came right next
to hearts right now and there's actually
a picture to here pika
oh the god you're so pretty much right
now we actually came over to Harrods
guys oh okay
listen guys oh my god oh my god a Rolls
Royce is the place to do cars money yeah
okay listen
it wouldn't be coming to London if you
don't come next to Harrods literally all
of like the supercars and amazing stuff
happens right here so right now we're
gonna go see what we can find right we
need to find Lana a rich husband yeah
and she got by what up I won guys my mom
is raising right now I can't do what is
going on over here so they actually have
a massive golden coffeemaker over here
this looks like a laboratory right now I
think they're about to turn it on so
let's see what happens
so right now we've made it to chocalate
section of this place and I can just
officially call it heaven look at these
these are awesome
bro these look so nice for decoration
look at this they have like these
adorable mini gold bars and this is even
cooler whoa so while looking around you
found like some crazy chocolate these
are like pebble little pebble looking
what so they actually have gold-plated
chocolate over here and look who bought
a packet guys oh my god but what's so
interesting about pencils my sister just
found a Dolce & Gabbana bag that's in
the form of pencils I want to get this
so bad
mm three people get out of here yeah
laughs I hear man I'm saying
Pikachu is turning up good awesome I
dare you my sister Dawn Singh is Pikachu
bro you're embarrassing that was cringe
so right now we just finished up inside
hired zucchini went to look around
policy there's so much going around in
this area of London guys there's a
dancing Arabic Pikachu I thought I
thought you spoke Japanese no I rebuke
achoo
that's an Arabic Pikachu right there
she's white like beat it in different
countries all right guys so right now me
and my sister came over to Argos
basically this is a store which has
everything but at the same time there's
nothing in the store how I shape my
typed it it it came up I ordered it but
usually shave
you're getting it
my sister's buying a shake so my sister
got all of her shaving stuff in there
new shaving cream I need my eyebrow
tweezers bro you are one hairy person
this is typical London weather for you
right now we literally just walked out
and it's pouring down with rain oh my
god alright guys so basically let me
show that let me show that so this is
the golden chocolate that we bought it's
literally like golden pebbles you really
like 20 there you can for this packet of
chocolate brawl so here goes nothing it
is time to eat the pebbles honestly this
is legit like a solid night look at this
guy it's like guys look it's literally
like solid pebbles again here goes
nothing my sister is about to eat a gold
plated piece of chocolate I go Fred oh
is it hard it's a cracking in your mouth
it's like you're you're buying a solid
whoa all right here goes nothing time to
eat this I
I should take very nice yeah you're
right it's like a big version of a smart
really nice originally like holding gold
in your hands I know right okay all
right anyways as I said today is our
first day in London guys so we are super
super super jet lag right now we're just
chillin in the hotel I feel like this is
like drugs like we're putting in like a
plastic bag you got the go to drug
anyways that is so cool let me know what
you guys think in the comment section we
should do a gold chocolate giveaway a
few moments later yo okay so it's
literally been just 20 minutes since I
lost blood with you guys right I quickly
went and took a shower and now that I'm
out my sister is dead asleep like she's
passed out snoring all right
guys check this out I got scared is all
I didn't expect you to wake up let's be
a guys as I said today is our first day
in London we are super super tired and
jet-lagged and everything you could
imagine right now as always I love you
guys all I'm actually gonna end off
today's vlog here because I really need
to catch some sleep because you guys
know how it's like when you take some
flights so I love you guys
oh don't forget I'm giving away 500 e
phones so if you guys want to enter to
win all you need to do is subscribe and
comment down below and that's it so I'll
see you tomorrow for another epic vlog
Yolo Yolo
