yeah everyone good morning and welcome
back to another vlog before I do
anything else today I actually have a
very special unboxing for you guys check
it out
ok so you might be wondering what this
is in my hand
this is actually a printer yeah you guys
heard me right this is the world's
smallest printer guys and it is
absolutely amazing so critical of books
is bad boyfriend does fail so this is
called the HP sprocket guys basically
it's a pocket-sized printer voice and
the coolest thing about this thing is it
actually doesn't even use ink guys yeah
it's like super futuristic all you have
to do is you literally open this bad boy
up I'm going to show you guys how it's
done so BAM and you put in some paper
that's it that's it but all you have to
do guys is literally download an app on
your phone and you're good to go and
just start printing so i'ma show you
guys how it works okay so here is the
picture guys so let's print this back
way out oh oh you guys hear that oh my
god here it comes here it comes
yo I am speechless right now
oh holy moly
I don't even know what to say guys this
is absolutely amazing but yeah guys see
I actually want to purchase one of these
bad boys for yourself I'm gonna leave a
link in the description so you're
welcome guys go check it out this thing
is ahh
well oh wait wait wait wait wait by the
way I completely forgot to say I'm
giving away a couple of these bad boys
thanks that HP so if you guys want to
win it make sure you subscribe to the
channel go subscribe right now and
comment down below why you want to win
all right you're welcome guys there's so
life it's so hot
oh my god okay now the thing is I know a
lot of you have been asking about my
Mustang
recently and why I have not been driving
here and I want to tell you the truth my
Mustang is not complete yet yes you
heard me voice basically when I gave it
in to be wrapped I told you there's
going to be a lot more things done to
the car but because I was on holiday I
never had time to do anything but today
my Mustang is getting a new pair of
exhausts so it's gonna sound loud as
hell just know it's about to be lit is
about to be crazy pretty much this thing
is going to turn into a beast
whoo I love turning the car Oh with the
keys just so you know how my car sounded
before the exhaust guys
is go time Bobby Moi's is the
rolls-royce right now look that right so
check it always I finally made it over
here to go full as you can see my baby
is over here the thing is before I say
goodbye to my car basically guys right
now I'm thinking about one more thing to
do to it we're thinking about putting
stripes on the car like you know the
sports stripes they have on cars it's
gonna be like a killer on the street so
yeah for now we're going to say goodbye
again to my baby so bye-bye oh okay now
before I head out you have to show you
guys one more car okay it's not a good
idea to stand in the road
anyways before I head out yeah as I was
saying there's one more car I need to
show you basically you guys remember the
red AMG my friend had it he's changed
the color of it now and joy to see how
it looks like BAM oh yeah it's orange
now so yeah there you go boys in case
you've been wondering what's happening
to my Mustang it's still getting
upgraded guys so stay tuned all right
the car is gonna turn out a beast hey
birdy birdy birdy hey tink you're Mel
hey Chitti what's up come back here hey
yo so check it out boys you finally made
it home but right now we're actually
heading straight back out where are you
going we're going driving by because
we've been invited ah you have red oh
she's modeling
oh she's modeling guys thank you hi boys
I'm not sure if you know Lana's actually
become a model today so
Instagram zombie lick instagrams gonna
be lit my brother says I'm Spanish I
didn't know she just made check it
outside this is my new pet bird over
here his name is Kiwi and he likes to
bite people come here so they go oh we
just oh my god you just blew back home
oh my goodness I almost killed him today
he wants to go back home there's no home
there's no all we're closing the game no
no my boy Kiwis only 2 months old and
you can already walk look at it this is
what talent you inviting you I think you
like the taste of my hair oh my god
that's good luck man ok so check it out
boys are over he is making us dessert
today so let's see how it's done she's
giving us some healthy Nutella thank you
sir yeah yeah guys we have sad news
right now one of our favorite places is
closed
yeah you know the costume store we
always used to come to they've shut down
look at it is water we're going to try
some cool stuff for you guys but right
now we can't the thing is this mall is
absolutely empty right now guys look at
this the whole place is shut down yo
guys this place is literally abandoned
ok so right now we're actually about to
attempt something really weird they have
over here basically this machine over
here tells you everything about yourself
your blood pressure your height your
weight let's do this oh thank you your
hair deferens
okay okay okay here are the results boys
so basically in case any of you want to
marry her guys these are the statistics
you're working with logistics perfect
index is 26% I mean little bit on the
chubby side are usually average for me
the normal fat index is 17 to 24 percent
I looked at a 6% aha
yeah she's that guys look what Carter's
on the road right now I color Stephanie
you gotta happen it oh damn I missed
that car so much guys I miss Stephanie I
miss Bethenny ok so right now we just
made it home look bubbles our cat is
actually missing guys and it's 1:00 a.m.
right now I normally by 10 o'clock he's
home and I know it sounds weird to say
your cat is missing but honestly every
time he's gone we get stressed out so
right now we're quickly going to go
around the area of the search for him
because he's not normally out this late
if you know what I mean so yeah
hopefully nothing has happened to him so
let's go and see what's up Oh bubbles I
don't think he's here
ok so the thing is sometimes he goes
over here into the construction site
guys but he's not here right now
bubbles look at that oh my god jeez I
see that ok so the thing is sometimes he
comes oh that's what I'm sleeping there
was somebody sleeping there I'm not sure
if you saw that on the blog it was
actually somebody sleeping there okay
guys I don't think we should be looking
around at 1 a.m. but honestly he's never
missing this late follows you in there
bubbles
all right I think it's really really
late at night right now it's like
literally 1:00 a.m. boy and the only
place we think he could be is in like
one of the construction sites and the
only reason we're worried is the fact
that he could like get stuck somewhere
you know because like a lot of these
construction sites have like dips in
them where they're building oh my god I
hope he's not in that house okay that's
the only house I don't want to search
for Joey I think there's something in
our building guys I think there's
actually somebody in there that's going
to go there's somebody in the ability
golden bowling guys I swear I heard
somebody walking in there a few moments
later oh my god oh my god hey buddy
he's not scary face that we went to
another abandoned place oh he must've
heard her voice cuz that's why he came
back today was a good day today was a
good day and the reason I'm telling you
guys is honesty you know when you have
days where you just feel like you've
done a lot or achieved a lotta okay I
haven't achieved a lot today but I just
feel like it was a productive day if you
know what I mean anyways I actually have
some really good news besides from that
tomorrow I'm buying my new apartment
yes now although I haven't showed you
what the apartment looks like tomorrow
I'm going to make the payment for it
guys and I'm super excited because this
is my first ever apartment guide like
it's a big deal to me
even though a lot of you probably don't
care but I also want to say a big thank
you to all of you for supporting me on
this channel like I don't want to sound
cheesy and I know I've said it this week
but thank you guys for just supporting
me through everything you guys mean the
world to me
and I'm not kidding like I want to see
it I call it say it without smiling for
you guys or everything ba guys
absolutely they'll see you guys tomorrow
I haven't forgotten I'm doing a MacBook
Pro giveaway at the end of this month
I'll announce the winner so make sure to
bang subscribe there watch my last video
and yeah good luck everybody Galliano so
