yeah everyone good morning and welcome
back to another vlog so today is
actually a very very special day
basically I'm pretty sure you guys know
what's going on in the title of the
video but today I'm actually going house
shopping I know I didn't give you guys a
heads up about this but trust me I'm
super excited today so let's go and
let's buy something hopefully by the end
of today I will officially have
purchased my first place for myself
yeah okay so check it out boys this is
the house I'm checking what are you
doing here well I'm buying this house my
house what do you mean this is your his
mine but but I'm buying and you're not
buying anything get out
yeah how'd I get number of IO jokes
aside boys as you can see this is my boi
monkeys and basically this is not the
house I'm buying guys but this is
actually one of the houses they own one
of them okay so later on I'll show you
the houses that I am actually buying
okay but the one problem is that oh yeah
you kind of put it up I know I know I
know the YouTube money isn't helping
anyways guys this house is insane so
we're going to check it out together
let's do a little house tour you guys
are probably like why are we sweating so
much
go outside of divide outside the garden
and see how hard it is watching us like
pause the video right now go outside and
see the heat okay anyways boys right now
we're going to check out this house over
here so let's go and see what this bad
boy is made of Wow
she's a millionaire like southern
millionaire Liza whoa this is what you
call a view boys so the thing is this
house as I mentioned is around 15
million dirhams guys
sir you know what I have the challenge
rear end you guys hit 50,000 likes and
next one I'll come and jump into this
pool know do that 107 let's go number
boy this house for a weekend yeah sure
if you don't avoid this house I'll give
you a shout-out for your YouTube channel
oh yeah by the way guys my boy mo he
does have a YouTube channel it's
knowledge for you go p.m. YouTube
youtube.com slash mo here ya go
subscribe make sure to subscribe you
know it's your boy go support show me
some love you know subscribe like you
like don't do all that stuff and also
for Instagram I'm just gonna like a
church a job yeah thanks go for my
youtube channel okay anyways this place
is absolutely ridiculous guys I swear I
cannot stop looking at this view but
it's a little bit of hot so we're going
to head inside to show you the rest of
the house
why do you have no furniture in your
house you choose one you take all of
your business down there and walk
straight in to the kitchen Wow I'm not
gonna lie this is nice you are the
nicest kitchen guys Oh yo yo look at the
view you have from your balcony
the neighbors have the coolest house
ever wrote listen I know you guys are
fans but I can't take selfies now
right now I'm actually going to take you
guys over to the lost a bedroom this is
the best one so far guys check it out as
you can see guys this bedroom has the
whole ocean view it's like waking up in
paradise but now it's time to go see
something in my budget so like I don't
even think we should show them good bye
amazing kitchen goodbye amazing
chandelier one day I'm gonna have a
house like that you see that house over
there one day one yeah one one day I
could help you out you can help me out
hi bro I like that family first do you
subscribe to my bro get that right now
you've actually come to look at another
place but this one is an apartment which
is more realistic in time still owned by
him
okay basically guys if you've done
everything we're looking at today is
owned by him and his family give them
some credit
oh yeah but mostly okay most video guys
but yeah basically we're going to check
out this really luxury apartment they
have over here so can i buy this one or
just throughout the budget
um it's four or five million good and
then out of budget fourth million and
then Peck a guy this are still not in
the budget but we're going to check it
out anyways this is a second property
guys and also mine but welcome to my
crib basically if you don't know much
about the Palm Jumeirah it's a man-made
island on the ocean boys and that is it
so all of that all the villas across
there in the side you see that was made
onto the ocean
the thing about this area guys as my boy
said these apartments are still very
expensive just because of their location
like this is pretty much the best
location you're going to get and divide
Wow
I think it's time to head out before I
get depression BRR like this view I
would love to wake up to every day down
40 years maybe right now when you left
60 than him
okay boy so when I told you this morning
that I was going to be house shopping I
actually meant it now the first two
properties we took that we just wanted
to show you some nice houses but right
and our actually had an apartment which
I am actually looking to buy guys so
let's go check it out together
this one is way more realistic in my
budget guys all right no no that I
actually like it guys so it doesn't have
a crazy palsy or anything hopefully
within the next couple of days it's all
gonna be sorted out and I'm gonna have
my first place for myself
daga guys honestly he is actually
helping me like the other line oh please
I'm buying actually belongs to him guys
oh I'm buying your house from how old
are you talk your own okay I'm buying a
house from a 10 year old pony for now
we're officially saying goodbye to my
boy money so peace out I'll see you soon
buddy high-five this okay this is great
I love I wait why did the music stop
anyways would today's been an amazing
amazing day as you saw I might finally
be buying my first apartment and to
build it it's not like just my first
apartment having an apartment it's not
just for like me to have or anything if
I kind of just like investments towards
your family if you know what I mean so
super awesome day hey hey move the car
boy so right now I created Katie's a
food my voice I get and Neptune II over
here so right now we're actually heading
over to somewhere very special boys I
did tell you sigan with purchasing
another car another one another one
another oh oh my god is not another
suddenly car billboard sell any cord oh
cool
I wonder who owned them that is the
biggest billboard in the whole of divine
no joke like that thing is like a
hundred damn meters long
guys guys guys where is it you God I
know you think I should make this luck
hey guys basically psyching is
contemplating if you should change the
interior of this car honestly I like you
I love the color of the interior I think
beige is the best color but he wants to
turn your black like maybe different
typing typing you're gonna pipe your car
now I think it has by the way this car
is actually a gift for a special
somebody as self also I'm gonna save me
it's a gift but if they get paint for me
the gift is not is definitely for
or female purrs another minute Oh could
you my family right I let you make
alarms oh no that was ours totally your
possible holy moly I guess good it's
good
looks like you basically both of us are
leaning into the Bambi and suddenly the
alarm whenever and I rather hunt like a
Ferrari the Ferrari yeah I guess out of
this guy's or drugs okay so we ended up
staying in deals on wheels because I can
just bought two cars guys whoo so we're
popping some chocolate right now you
already know celebrating success right
now Cheers the money being spent so the
thing is as I mentioned Seiken ended up
buying two cars today boys one of them
was the Rolls Royce which we were
sitting in at the beginning and the
sexual one is this Salma yes we actually
ended up buying this Aventador as well
guys so yeah hopefully once the cars are
done I'll show you exactly how they look
or we can pick them up and collect them
it's going to be amazing for now we're
getting out of here because I'm just
done we've been here for three hours she
just feel like negotiating for the cars
but a lot of money was spent let's just
say that granny ma hello how are you
why did you touch my knee okay before I
say anything to you guys
I don't remind you don't forget boys I'm
doing both the MacBook Pro giveaway and
ten featured spinner giveaways so make
sure to subscribe to the channel all the
rules will be in the description but yet
moving on to what I wanted to say so
before I in today's video I just want to
say today was actually a really really
good day now the thing is besides all
the super fancy houses we looked at I
actually did end up finding myself an
apartment I'm going to be buying and
I think tomorrow I'm going to be going
to make the payment for the apartment
guys now don't worry it's nothing crazy
like what you guys saw today it's
actually like a very small apartment at
a modest price and the reason I'm
telling you guys is I could just pretend
like I'm buying a huge house but no
honestly it's just like an investment on
the side and it's the first apartment on
ever buying in my life which is pretty
crazy like understand it's really really
crazy but honestly the reason why she
can you guys this number one I love
sharing with you guys what I do like as
good as you guys I hit so many
milestones as I'm able to do so much in
my life but yeah guys as always I'm
gonna wrap up today's book you I hope
you enjoyed if you did smash the like
button tomorrow we have a ton of crazy
things going on I don't even want to
tell you what's happening it's
ridiculous okay as always I love you
guys or I'll see you tomorrow for
another vlog now yes I love you guys
Galliano bye
buh
