yelling everyone what is up welcome back
to another vlog so today we're about to
destroy some stuff on the vlog right I
got my Rolex on my wrist and we're about
to do a Rolex versus Lamborghini test
alright I think my Rolex has gone
through enough in his lifetime and today
we're gonna run over it with the
Lamborghini Oh what happened
I met mangos in your part of the day
moment oh my god that smell dog eyes my
sister's car like mine does in my class
I do basically the other day my friends
gave me mangoes and I left them on my
sister's car and now it smells like a
mango wrong come and smell my car oh
yeah are you serious
ah another way now you have scented
Lamborghinis to fill me quick are you
cute good my sister's car smells like a
mango so nice jungle here man alright
alright here goes nothin boys
Lamborghini versus Rolex alright guys I
want a moment of silence for this Rolex
because in a couple of seconds it's
gonna get run over
oh my god whoa nothing have literally
nothing happened to it it's just like
brick let's go round to round Tok the
the back side no go Forge afford oh oh
oh I heard that
hahahahaha I heard that one oh no we
didn't see straight that thing how you
don't know the word IX anymore
yep guys we cleaning went and changed
our clothes guys basically right now
we're heading over to the desert Akane
it's about today exciting but before we
go I want to try something cool down I
read this we got the whipped cream we
got a balloon I want to fill this
balloon with some agreement oh no that's
not good all right guys baby I want to
create fill this balloon up with some
whip cream whoo let's do this right hey
hey you're getting on me working it's
working all washable
all right King are you kidding okay
three two one
I'm going to do way more things in this
whipped cream on it actually tastes
really nice their sites going no more
that's actually pretty unhealthy ah yeah
the body its body
so anyways boys the thing is my friend
is actually coming with his drone so
hopefully he can get us some really nice
drone footage of the cars okay so let's
go see what we can do
it's a party it's a party no don't ever
go across that ball you're never gonna
make it you see how big that was guys
they're trying to make my Mustang you
standing out here man this ain't gonna
happen
hi guys so check it out right now we
just made it into the desert and if you
can see above me
the drone basically my friends quickly
gonna get us some nice shots while we
don't so let this a dancing drone style
let's go
you cry ah okay basically guys right now
I'm actually going to race my drone all
right ready
day three two one go
since
lumen or he's racing with it catching up
boys catching up oh good afternoon
anyways boys as you can see right now we
just finished doing our little dance
moves the little droning scene I saw the
drawbridge on my friend's drone it looks
slick like super super late guys so I
can't wait to put that in the vlog
anyways as you can see we're literally
in the desert right now like this I
don't even know where we are I think
we're out of the city like we're
literally like four cities away right
now
well yeah guys it's insane because the
place we are right now even the
roundabout is covered in sand like this
is supposed to be a roundabout but no
the sand like 9 having this you're not
putting a roundabout here I'm just going
to cover it anyways now that we're done
over here we're actually heading out so
let's go continue the day the thing is
my friends are coming from Abu Dhabi to
play football today so it's about to be
lit so there you go we are officially
humming out of the desert right now damn
I hope you guys liked our dog groups
because they were lit by the way guys
look at where we're going through right
now oh my god oh no we're in the middle
of a desert going through a new a new a
section one two three four five six down
then I'm taking challenges in my in my -
you thought 21 savages of savage nah I'm
the savage are you guys gonna understand
out here yo guys so you might be
wondering where I am right now basically
fast forward in the vlog and we are
about to play some football with the
school no enthusiasm and I said what
yeah
and here's guys robots later on football
in a builder's farm the thing is
hopefully this time is doggies a little
bit better with us okay so we're gonna
go say hi to snipers all right now let's
go don't know what is the bro can I go
see your dog again in a bit okay guys
that let him calm down okay like the dog
has like some anger issues but hopefully
you'll be happy in a bit so we can go
check him out twelve seconds later yo hi
guys so we just finished playing
football and basically right now I came
up with an idea we're gonna go explore
Abdullah's jungle basically back there
is like dark woods so let's do this
guy's you ready of Melanson severe guys
the thing is I'm not going to go alone
because if his dog suddenly shows up in
the woods I'm dead so hopefully there's
no animals or anything you never know
what these guys aligned might pop out so
much so yeah the roads you never get
scared here right what if somebody just
I runs through the bushes because that
physical nightmare oh I don't think this
is safe what's over there I don't know
guys how do you know this is not one of
those things that dumb people do in
movies why when they just go into the
woods somewhere
oh my god this is exploring abolition go
alright alright
Road you keep any animals outside here
nope haha what is this something is
broken down over here are you sure so
nobody sleeps here guys well are you
sure nothing's in there
bro have you even have been to this
house you never look dear
Oh oh my god there's Goods coming bro
why do they look angry at us cuz I'm
sorry good good good morning it's a shoe
official Oh only another list farm would
you find random goats that he doesn't
know about alright guys here it is the
moment of truth we're going back over to
sniper and none of these a sniper sniper
calm down come on calm down why does he
not like me if they're just hit you can
I come in
Angela please I'm telling you pieces for
your hand back on it even in degrees
I've done that is really help please
Iceland okay so somehow they convinced
me to come back inside guys and I'm
leaving for the final time right so this
is the last time I'm playing with fire
okay so if anything happens oh my god hi
guys I am leaving right now oh he's
going to kill me
thanks for saving me right alright
anyways boys pranaam heading out of here
I just about got alive the thing is guys
I can I tell them about the announcement
it doesn't circle for sure basically
Abdullah might be going bold in two
weeks okay by choice you might shave up
what is there so if he does I'm gonna be
there too vlogging I suppose it is our
mother
until next time could you guys hear that
what is that so I just made a hole right
now and change through that noise
apparently there's some little insect
inside and as soon as you get close to
it it doesn't make any noise hello what
guys I swear I have no idea what's going
on as soon as you come into this
bathroom it stops making the noise but I
boys I just finished taking my shower
right now but as I mentioned I need to
talk to you guys about something that's
on my mind and honestly this is the last
time I'm going to talk about this
situation because honestly I just I just
had enough explaining everything so
basically two days ago I uploaded a
video about Rosie going now in the video
I was super upset
it was literally right after Rosie was
taken away from us and I got emotional
so did my sister we were very sad we
literally just handed Rosie over to her
owner so obviously it was it was just a
very heartbreaking moment because we had
her for two weeks now the thing is I
feel like a lot of people were both
misunderstood in the video
and just a couple of them one today
basically the guys I only explain to you
everything that happened leading up to
it and why a lot of people were confused
so you guys didn't see we found the dog
on the street and ended up keeping her
for two weeks now in one of my vlogs I
mentioned that we wanted to give her
away and honestly we did and the reason
is not because we didn't wander not
because we were like you know what we
found her and this is Chuck Brown no the
reason is I travel a lot I make youtube
videos and I felt like if we could find
a nice home for the dog early on without
it getting attached to us or used to us
that'd be amazing
like we've literally just saved the dog
and given it a new home but I feel like
everybody was just taking that as the
old they're throwing the dog on the
street no no we were literally trying to
find a good home and that's what I don't
understand when the dog got taken from
us and we resided everyd was like well
you wanted to give it away anyways yes
but I was trying to find it a nice house
guys and not saying it didn't go to a
nice house now I was just sad on the day
that it was gone I'm basing you guys
what I'm trying to say is a lot of
people were just jumping to conclusions
and I feel like people think like
youtubers are not humans and they can't
have emotions and everything is done for
views and it's just a she's ridiculous
guys honestly I don't really like
talking about like hate comments so I
draw more just nonsense like that but I
feel like sometimes it's just ridiculous
to another level be a guy so the people
that did leave their support the
conversation thank you so much as I said
on the day we were just super sad and
yes we were crying and maybe we
shouldn't have been because she's going
back to her owners but we were just
emotional at the time like I can't
control me being sad that the dog is
gone like we spent two weeks with it of
course I'm going to be sad guys bye guys
as always I love you guys so so much
don't forget to click Subscribe over
here if you're new click here to watch
my last video and as always I love you
guys'll Alioto
