how is this happening so yeah I'm not
sure Alice to put this to you guys good
morning welcome back to another vlog
today I came outside my house to find
this I know this sounds really weird but
apparently I'm getting kicked out my own
psychic no that is not happening what is
up everybody so basically this morning I
woke up guys and some prankster thought
it'd be funny to put my house up for
sale this was outside my house and they
thought it'd be funny to pull a little
prank on your boy okay listen up guys I
just want to say whoever did this I will
find you and I will kill you yo you know
what's funny this is actually a really
good frisbee guys are you ready for this
whoa year anyways a piece right now I'm
hitting on my family so I'm going to
quickly put some clothes on right now
now see you guys in a second whoa whoa
alright much better you're going to
depart yeah okay so right now my mom
just came down basically they invited us
to a theme park today guys so I mean if
it's free we're going so yes I'm a
cheapskate guy just I'm a cheapskate
girl yeah every day bro with a Disney
Channel go five million to live among
them a bellyful
test all the competition is yo shout out
to my boy Jake Paul guys I think you'd
be lying if you said you didn't watch
the Jake pool drama this week guys
because of the boss 10 days they've been
so much drama on YouTube I kind of just
ignored it i sat back didn't say
anything it was fun but every day
all right so check it out boys we
finally made it over here to the park
look what they have going on over here
yo
look at these fans guys
yo I wish to check it out you finally
made it over to the theme park bang um
the thing is I have a really cool fact
to let you guys you know basically you
guys should know my boy RHK their family
actually built this park and I'm not
even kidding you basically I think it's
called contracting they do contracting
and they built this entire place anyways
we're gonna head in right now so let's
go alright alright here you go boys
motion gate yo guys look at this really
cool feature they have they actually
scan your fingerprint so it matches up
with each card alright thank you so much
that is the craziest thing I've ever
seen basically when you come to enter
they actually make you scan your
fingerprint
so that you can't use a ticket for
somebody else really come on man guys
you don't even know the mouth places
I've been using somebody else's ticket
so on that's messed up guys listen it's
a cool feature but I have to say that's
going to ruin so many people's
childhoods right when I was a kid we
just passed the ticket to each other and
you know like sneak in that it doesn't
work anymore
the music in this area is so jolly God
oh my god
we are entering a dreamland right now
whoa oh my god what now that is amazing
holy moly I like to move it move it I
like to move it move it I like to move
it move it I like to oh my god okay so
right now we're inside the city of Shrek
guys holy moly this place is insane you
guys don't realize how cool they've
actually made this place I honestly feel
like I'm in the middle of a fairy tale
okay I think this is by far the coolest
thing basically they have a buffet
inside this Shrek area look at this
all the food is out here and over here
great like the village of Shrek so yes
this is how it used to be back in the
day guys imagine I'm gonna be doing an
interview right now guys so yeah
most likely today we had a few website
revolution gave that attitude
the more I go around the crazier
everything looked anyways right now we
just went into the Shrek section but I
think we're moving on to the next one
the next section we're entering is
dragon guys so my mind is absolutely
blown right now like what the amount of
money they must have spent on this place
is ridiculous
oh my God look at that guy's what oh my
god that is insane oh yeah order go sir
anyways for now we're done with this
section there's one more section we need
to go to boys Madagascar all right let's
go smile away voice smile away
dabble dabble sample sample
yeah well damn boy terrible in my yard
you know man
diving on it with them penguins are
better yo by the way shout-out to my god
Muhammad over here what so it's up down
on Devon hey I like that be solid
anyways voice but now we're heading off
here so let's go adios I'm in camp
you'll cry alright I guess it's
officially time we're saying goodbye to
the park boy so peace out and a day off
let's go no we're back home baby okay
even though I go back home right now I'm
actually heading straight back out right
now I'm going over to deals on wheels
yes you heard me and the funny thing is
I'm not even buying a car guys no no
cycling is over there right now I think
he's looking to purchase a car I
probably shouldn't be telling you this I
think he doesn't want people to know
he's buying a car but who cares because
I expose everything as I have a sandwich
man under sandwich let's go alright
alright alright
yeah boys check it out look who we made
it over to for why'd you look so sad it
I'm tired I'm starting to say I already
spoiled the news you're buying a car I
told them everything I don't so guys
check it out believe the titles
thumbnail is nothing it's not a lie guys
I give my driver today so I give my four
I'm sitting in the back with Neptune Roy
Rogers companies I want to experience
the driver library oh we have a new
driver what happen you know it so what
is this in English relax
this is drive slowly safely and slowly
yo okay so we just spent over to the
valley right now and this is the most
unique core of everything guys sanim
they have an orange four five eight year
what I've never seen an orange four or
five day in my life today the valley is
loaded with cars there's a red
rolls-royce from McLaren here it's just
too many super cars to show you but
let's go let's have some food boys were
all starving right now so now some
people never learn
some people never learn because you
can't help you bro it's gross fries I
know move it what is this what is nice
surprise
that doesn't change anything Warner Bros
yo laughs I would love yeah you want to
be on YouTube say something to YouTube
no inheritance in half yeah who's they
my friend oh my god oh my god guys look
up a lot of science pocket right now bro
it's raining money right now holy mommy
this is how I give back to the community
you see I'm giving back bro I'm giving
Jing Jing Ling Ling dolla dolla you
ain't sorry money okay so I just want to
say one thing for the past three weeks
my comment section has been blowing up
with Moe we want
Bridgette spinners and I went out and I
got a ton more fidus minute now I'm not
sure if you guys remember I said I'd be
doing a fidget spinner giveaway and
since it's taken so long guys I'm
doubling again I think I said I'm giving
away five last time instead I'm gonna
give away 10 so I'm gonna shut up them
over here on the floor guys so to make
everything easy guys if you wanna win
comment down your email address this way
I know everybody that wants to enter and
if you don't that's fine leave a normal
comment say how much you love me I don't
mind okay so so yeah there you go it's
finally happening you can win some
pretty spinners now leave me alone
I said just leave me alone so here's
some frigid spinners here some more eyes
here here you get unlimited pretty
spinners
holy moly you guys are crazy about these
things I mean it is just like a little
spoon but yeah as always I love you if
you don't know the drill by now
BAM click here to subscribe then click
here to watch yesterday's video because
if you miss yesterday's video I will
kill you and yeah love you Aliannah
