there's a baby pop yet we found on the
road guys
we found a puppy business oh my gosh yo
you're gonna be my guard dog my guard
dog he likes me I negative look at his
notes as I was behind him and I saw my
brother slow down well I got scared I
thought you hit that car in Frankie and
I was like suddenly I thought this
little thing movie mixer and I noticed
it's got a tail like this and all oh my
God he's so lucky we managed to find it
because he was about to get run over
oh- are you thirsty you can remind me of
bubbles hi guys so basically right now
something a little bit weird happens so
you guys you guys know Rosie right other
than it just it's kind of hard talking
are you basing you guys
oh mama stop you're making me cry Munna
they think mirrors is gone guys okay so
basically this laughing guys two weeks
ago you saw that we found Rosie on the
street I K so we found her she didn't
look too well or anything like that and
we took her in so basically apparently
it was somebody's dog and they've saw
the videos obviously but now we just had
them come to the door and take the dog
back okay now the only reason I'm sad is
because I honestly just don't want to
see the dog on the street again you know
I'm just sad because you know we kind of
like hide it for two weeks and it was
with us she became part of our family
like she's getting along no with bubbles
I don't even want to address that
anymore but yet the dog is gone guys I
just thought I'd share that with you
because I know there's going to be tons
of you asking from now on where she is
we actually having this happen like
initially our guests came to light Yoda
is produced outside not like police
they're like oh you stole somebody's dog
and I was like I found the dog on his
street why would I strike in their
opinion that's the thing I even showed
them guys so that's why they said okay
this so my disguise got proof that he
found any guys basically right now we
get Rosie back and I mean hopefully it's
for the better guys hopefully
annihilation goes back and we did want
to give her somewhere but we just didn't
want her to like go anywhere bad if you
know what I mean but hopefully I mean it
they do take care for and yeah but yes
that is how I feel at the moment it's
just kind of sad losing her and yeah
yeah
girl that's more like it we're gonna
drive you up are you gonna draw you up
see I wasn't that hard was it this year
listen mercy ha ha so excited is a good
job I was thank you Oh your business as
I did my keys I finally made it home
right now
as I mentioned it's super super late so
I need to go to bed as you can see
Rosie's out here what are you doing
breathing outside ready I love this dog
man I'm gonna stay outside for a little
bit playing with her guys
