you know what is that everybody welcome
back to another vlog so to start off
today's video guys I'm not sure if you
know this while I was in America I
bought a knife and this is not more
normal knife okay look yeah it's one of
the knife's that actually goes in when
you stab the person so they don't die
okay right now I'm actually going to go
upstairs and prank my sister with this
new knife and let's see how she likes
getting stabbed
oh no bruh have you seen the new night
murder completely guys right now as you
can see my sister's working on some new
music so stay tuned another one it's
called a movie look that's the mo blog
style oh so I know a lot of you think I
look like a total creep right now but
these right here these are products and
glosses yes basically they're super
super expensive guys I don't want to get
into the story of how I got them I'll
let you guys know another day but for
the sake of wearing them we're gonna do
a fan mail right now okay basically guys
these were given to me a long time ago
and yeah I just kind of kept them until
now so what'd you guys think whoa okay
so the thing is while I was in New York
doing my meet-and-greet a bunch of you
guys gave me a ton of gifts which are in
this box so we're gonna open them
together guys all right hopefully none
of them are poisonous or blow up in my
face because if you don't want that to
happen guys so the first thing is BAM
somebody actually gave me golden playing
cards the thing is I actually have
golden playing cards guys but I mean who
turns down free gold right oh my
goodness oh look at that
holy moly now the second thing I got is
actually a little bit weird guys
somebody gave me safety glasses yes you
heard me right guys oh honey Molly let's
try this out oh my god
oh my god this actually looks really
cool slice they coming to wear them for
the rest of the fan of all okay so the
next thing I got is actually a furball
guy basically I'm pretty sure this is
for girls they put this on like their
bags so I'm gonna give this to Lana
later on but it feels so good
Oh what is this for next up this is one
of my favorite things ever a slinky yes
yo this is so satisfying so I not only
showed you three things so far guys but
I want so many cool things for America I
feel like it'd be unfair if I showed you
them all in one video so right now I'm
gonna get ready and we're gonna head out
with the fam you guys let's go I don't
know what it is about my cats but they
genuinely hate me okay nope what's up
buddy
I feel like an emotional parent right
now okay so I feel like it's better if I
got this off my chest
earlier than later boys I'm not sure if
you guys can tell what's missing in the
garage the Lamborghini Aventador is gone
oh wait a second before you guys start
killing me in the conversation the
reason I actually chose to give the car
back guys basically if we did end up
buying the Aventador it wouldn't make
sense to have two Lamborghinis
and I feel like we can't do the
Lamborghini Huracan dirty guys like
we've had this from the beginning and
you know when you're like the first
owner of something it's like having a
child like it's like giving this child
for adoption and adopting another child
like the same one but don't worry guys
you know how much I love my car so there
is still going to be a new car soon but
I just don't know what it's gonna be
okay so honestly speaking I was in love
with Stephanie so I really want
Stephanie back hold up a second I know
love you're taking this the wrong way
I met Stephanie my Ferrari guys okay I
mean I love them both but I'm talking
about the Ferrari in this situation so
yeah by the way guys I'm actually
meeting up with sigan later on tonight
and I've got him a birthday gate BAM
basically a fan sent this into my field
walks instead of science actually I
don't think Seiken has a cure boys guys
so yeah technically this is my gift to
sigan hey all right let's go guys I'll
catch you guys once I get my haircut
done peace
yo our boys are checking out I just made
it over to the hairdresser's about to
fix my hair so and the next couple of
minutes your boys going to look fresh
again right my man is going to quickly
fix me up by little pretty so let's go
I'm here to be hatin I always make sure
we are on your side
Raul anonymous attack
yo your boy is looking fresh to death
right now
so right now I'm actually heading over
to my man's side unit I'm quickly
picking him up and we're gonna go play
some basketball but I think I'm gonna
only have like 20 minutes with him
because I also need to go to the
restaurant with my family so I'm kind of
like ditching them for 20 minutes to
play basketball guys so let's go yo I
think I've spotted the most random thing
ever
somebody's plate number is on the floor
like just randomly on the floor guys do
you see that somebody's plate number yo
by the way I'm not sure if you guys saw
this science movie is finally out boys
you can catch the movie on his YouTube
channel oh now that we're here time to
give sigan his gift akane ready for this
oh wow that looks nice oh thank you
happy birthday bro who's home soon thank
you very much
Suraj you see I did give it to him it's
my gift now they said it's a jointly
he's trying to claim other peoples but
it's nice thank you are you ready for my
gift now I have a gift to bow
The Book of money will never invest your
money in anything that eats only
preparing hey you need a lot
always borrow money from
he doesn't expect it to be paper money
is good love as well Oh forever anyways
happy birthday sigan I think my birthday
was two months ago right yeah yo back at
the crib boys so slight change of plans
boys basically my mum called me right
now and she's pulling both me and psych
him to go eat food we really don't want
to but I mean since I did leave them for
two weeks I just have to go along with
them right
anyway she also told me apparently I
need to change my clothes to something
more formal but Yolo of a savage yeah
hey hey get your foot off the wheel
basically right now me and so I can have
a deal I've told sigan he needs to buy
my sister's car that's bird poop you
just anyways guys right now we're
heading out on my sister's car let's go
so check it out right now we just made
it to our destination but before we go
inside to eat food look what they have
over here a Tesla Model X here it is I
just got the keys to the Tesla look at
that so the crazy thing about this car
guys look at this I'm going to open the
back doors yo look at these back doors
guys so if you don't know these keys
open and close the back doors and when
you double tap it check just out guys
whoa this car has the coolest back doors
you're ever going to see in your life so
I'm going to quickly hop into this car
just so you get a better view of the
inside this thing has the biggest iPad
screen you're ever going to have in a
car look at it
Thank You Cygan you just broke the car
guys like the door won't open
I'm going to get out the car before
Simon kills me in it anyway super dope
car I love the fact that everything on
this car is like with the remote control
guys opening doors closing doors
everything or any raise boys time to
head in and eat some food let's do this
yo family's Gang Gang Gang did you hear
us - it's coming
what Oh
the through just made it here boys
right now we're gonna head off to the
gym selfie shout family I'll see you
guys later that Rolex no a I'm just like
single man I let you I really enjoy here
no hey chill out man outside our legs
relax
Hey right right right right
I just ain't he wants to race my little
back look at that guy sees no one's
written together this council race
anyways we're going to see you guys
won't you get to the jigsaw piece now
adios baffle today yours yeah
alright boys so we're back over here at
the verge Khalifa now holy moly I saw
every time I started this building it's
insane
yo we have a special announcement for
you guys right now so it's been like
three days since we've been back from
America boys and we're already missing
everybody over there so right now we're
gonna FaceTime my boy Lex let's go hello
oh we're facetiming based I know he's
lugging you hey welcome to the gym as
you can see right now we're in the gym
now I'm not sure how many of you
remember this the last time I wouldn't
divide I was eighty seven and a half
kilograms okay I would have waited
myself again so you can see my progress
guys ready for this look at that 83.5
I'm going to six-pack now that's pretty
good hey no building is extract nope
motivation memory motivation I lost
seven and a half kilos it's boys I got
designs back for now we're saying
goodbye to Saigon BAM fill a dick to
your diet work out work hard make money
and be happy all right super super late
right now boys but before I end today's
video I feel like I need to tell you
this basically this week something crazy
might be happening on my Instagram
account so I don't want any of you to
miss it caker the long view we say mo
you don't tell us about secret project
no there's something huge happening
right Instagram you guys so make sure to
follow me right over here Bo underscore
blogs on the score cos you don't want to
be sad for it because it's about to get
to the next level I love you guys don't
forget to subscribe guys I still need to
go buy the MacBook for the giveaway guys
so subscribe down below if you want to
talk to with the MacBook end of the
month I'm announcing it so you got
plenty of time guys subscribe watch my
last video and good luck everybody
I hope you win boy Yolo
