good morning what is up everybody
welcome back to another vlog so check it
out we're starting today out with the
Bugatti right now I've actually come
over to a very fancy hotel and we're
having some British tea business
basically guys listen there's a reason
for it my friend actually has like a
membership and we get free tea and I
know it doesn't sound like much but I
love anything that's free guys yo guys
so check it out right now we just made
this - really really you have to ruin my
vlog really earlier is was right now he
just made it and we're having or
afternoon tea so cheers guys
alright alright
anyways voice for now we just finished
having our tea as you can see my friend
went with the Ferrari it's funny guys I
quickly sat on the car to take a picture
and the guy was like get off the car I
was like yo my man and I got two keys a
few moments later y'all guys what is not
yo your squad today we are starting the
video by giving Rosie up on time who the
hell starring the video this is like
five minutes in bro so my sister's going
to give Rosie a little bath time right
now so Rosie its boss time no don't run
away yeah that's more like it
so right now Rosie is enjoying the bus
and I'm enjoying anything wrong just try
to run away how bad all right girl come
on we gonna watch oh I'm so sorry but
what the head are trying to drown me we
gonna drag you up are you gonna dry you
up see I wasn't that hard lesson mail
time I literally been forever since I've
opened your fan mail and as you can see
we have a lot of fangirl right now so me
and my sister are going to open it all
alright fan mail with lo all right guys
it's time so it's a bad mother dude
alright so first things first guys we're
gonna start off with this package it's a
little bit ripped but this is to mow and
Lana oh my goodness suck it guys I just
want to say we're not drug dealers or
anything but we occasionally get money
inside packets okay this is perfect if
ugh
yeah guys listen I don't know why people
send me money and packets that they do
so thank you so much Pacific we also got
to toy cars over here guys
very dodgy that it's a plastic bag but I
mean you got to do what you got to do
guys there's something in a brown bag
all right guys I'm serious I saw some
serious stuff in here Oh give it to me
it's eerie
thank you that is important you know
that's like material that subscribe it
if you can see it I thank you IDs for
sending all this stuff in those earrings
look dope on the packet number dos is
this a watch is this a watch guys three
two one oh my god do you know holy moly
that's crazy
that is insane I told you one day
somebody was gonna send me a roll a few
watches alike yeah this is like those AP
watches but it's not an AP I must really
like you
is it from a girl the coolest thing guys
it's a what without batteries you can
actually see the mechanism inside the
watch listen I just wanna say I love my
fans thank you so much you guys have
been with me from day one so I
appreciate the gift you get it says hi
mo I love the leather prenup the
preference for this message is from a
faithful viewer big thank you to our man
Julian for sending this line okay that's
a guy Oh Mary
I just to be a guy like I can't agree a
girl sending with this hey Julien you
are the man I appreciate the watch is
beautiful so thank you
alright alright alright you know a guy
sometimes I let my sister open stuff but
the less important stuff as soon as it's
open matically I'm keeping it watch okay
I hold it somebody drew me with tracing
paper they traced it when you know II
like this person okay - very hard I blow
the top Bridget spinner but you may need
to charge it up with a flashlight
Oh like the easies oh oh my gosh no way
that's crazy
I can't wait guys guys guys it works it
works guys check this out
alright wait a second wait a second oh
my good look at that
Oh Kanye has sent us a limited edition
easy fidgets winner guys dope Kanye I
knew you loved me man yeah I'm not kind
Daniel I knew you loved me oh my god
what guys this is so amazing
already moly were only 2 packets in and
we've already got so many cool stuff ok
packet number 3 oh my god
what do we have over here oh my god we
just got a Bob Marley t-shirt yeah
we don't know anyways thank you so much
for the book varley t-shirt I appreciate
it and ya know name was in that letter
this next one is a small one guy so you
know who's opening it Lana did you rip
the letter you you rip the last guys my
sister just ripped a very beautiful
drawing we glue it on I'm so sorry
this is from pro pons Thomas he said I'm
a big fan of your blog I'm sorry my
sister ripped it but I mean it was a
mistake I think it still looks good
woman will do sellotape sedative it's
time for the big packet guys good god
what is this what do we have over here
hopefully have over here four three two
one oh my car doesn't look like that
anymore guys look at that they actually
printed out my Mustang Davis with the
correct foot that was yeah they put the
one that I had damn it's finally time
for the biggest party we go are you
ready for this this is from USA it's
actually from bad Iraq which you guys
should know she always sends the dopest
of the channel so let's open it that boy
up Pallavi Moni
it's a puzzle whoa what is this
first things first I got a little box I
swear it looks like a ring yo everything
John is this by three two guys I had to
say to her
three two one oh wait a second it's a
rolls-royce keychain no way it says my
name when it is little guys look at look
at that
is it Mohammed and then on the other
side Rolls Royce thank you so much for
that now there's another one packet
number two I love the fact that it's
wrapped in gold by the way it makes it
look so fancy okay you ready for this oh
my goodness
no way I swear I was I swear I was
thinking about buying this yesterday
they sent me an Apple watch
wait this is an Apple watch wait this is
the case this is the case for an Apple
watch guys no way too much oh my god no
that's a loyal fan I swear I was
thinking about it yesterday that's it
thank you I don't even know how to say
thank you reducible thank you so much
holy moly yo that is such a nice color
it's your favorite color blue god oh
baby oh my god guys look at this
look at this oh my goodness okay I don't
know how to react guys I'm really bad at
showing my emotion but thank you thank
you thank you this is amazing and it's
too much but I love you for it so yes
that is that's awesome guys and we have
more from the same person guys don't
don't don't John
wait a second wait a sec I got screaming
oh my god wait what is that oh no way
what is that is that all blanket oh wow
that is so cool you study so creative I
like it no I didn't even think you could
print on a blanket isn't even a thing
guys alright anyways boys bring now in a
wrap up middle time here I don't want to
make anything to cheese you guys but
honestly I just want to say I love you
all so so much thank you for just being
part of my life with me and just seeing
stuff like this is just insane because
that means you guys watch the stuff
iPhone so thank you guys and yes I love
you man I love every single one of you
let's not make this emotional and my
sister is the worst camera person ever
what are you doing man you're so guys
she was holding the camera like this in
there like what you see there and there
is Lana any messages to your fans love
you know no squads the armors anyways
now that I've opened the mail right now
we're actually heading out to go to your
friends by the way I'm wearing one of
the new watches I got I was gonna wear
the Apple watch but I feel like I'm
gonna accidentally scratched you guys
because it is like booty glove so
instead I wore this one which is super
dope if you see it be it guys let's go
out and have some fun with our friends
oh let the games begin
you are watching
okay you just killed it you killed the
heart so right now we came to the
bowling center we're about to play some
games let's do this
oh that's good
oh no bad man this is why you never let
kids come to a bowling center Oh round
two the 13 year old is coming this time
round two - go right go right
Oh guys you got how many she got sick we
got mold growing again let's try
actually got a strike bottle yeah and I
wasn't blowing you that sucks
Oh worse and worse what's going on Oh
but again alive you harvest it at night
when the girl was elevating all right as
I knew your turn your song name favored
name when no one is around you say baby
i love you anyway there you go that's
the Y's Got Talent for your anyways boys
the thing is right now we're actually
heading to go have some dessert and I'm
hopping in with my boy in the Ferrari
self mommy was actually driving the
Rolls Royce right now hopefully she
doesn't crash my car but we all Gucci
out here oh my god I don't like the
devil right now I don't like a devil is
I always to check it out we got the
Range Rover as we are today
oh my goodness down okay guys fun fact I
was actually the first ever person to
drive this car might if you guys
remember I took it on the shores of take
me this is my baby I'm the balding I
like that the first verse of it
I wish to check it out we are finally
back home right now and if you guys can
see my Apple watch is on my wrist a so
the fiends are basically learning a lot
of things about this watch guys if you
don't know it's got sensors in it and
whenever you look at the watch it turns
on guys so you can see that it's off
right now and then down you see that as
soon as you have to check the time it
turns on and then watch bring your hand
back down it turns off and then on and I
don't know what this is for but once in
a while the back turns green it looks
really really freaky it's as if it's
spying on me so I don't know what's
going on here let me know in the comment
section why is it keep turning green
like eternal it is turned off right now
ah I have no idea what's going on as
always I love you guys so so much I'll
see you tomorrow for another ethnic blog
make sure to smash the like button by
the way guys I need a favor from you
guys make sure when you click the
subscribe button there's a bell next to
it click that as well because honestly
this week there's been a lot of like
things going on on YouTube where people
don't see my videos yada yada yada so
make sure to click the subscribe button
and the bell and and your Gucci and
you're just good ba guys as always see
you tomorrow make sure to click here to
watch my last video click here to
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
yo yo
