we did it yeah anyways good morning it's
a beautiful day to date I'm really happy
I finally jumped the ramp this ramp has
taken me so long to jump with my remote
control car okay I know this is
dangerous guys but for the second round
my mom's going to be standing behind the
ramp I'm off just do it just do it man
just do it Yolo whoa good motor here
here on anyways welcome back to another
vlog I'm not sure why I'm so excited
that I jumped the ramp guys but that was
fun
that was fun anyways the thing is today
I'm actually heading out to go get a
haircut if you guys can see my hair is a
mess my eyebrows are that they're always
a mess guys but I need to go get a
haircut today and secondly here in my
garage we have a Booga
here my garage just bought this new
Lamborghini here you know what I like a
lot more than materialistic things
knowledge knowledge anyways before
today's vlog starts I actually want to
give you guys a speech and honestly I
try and give you guys this speech every
summer because it can change your life
like if you're a teenager sitting
watching this and it's your summer
holiday and you're not really doing much
honestly I can't stress to you guys
enough how much your time is valuable
guys like I started YouTube out during
summer summer is what made me get into
YouTube so if you guys are just sitting
around please if there's anything you
want to do if you want to become a
professional footballer go out there and
train everyday if you want to be a
basketball er a youtuber anything just
use your time you have in summer and
just don't don't let it go to waste guys
knowledge knowledge
I don't know how to talk to you I don't
know ashildr okay
my friends always fail you need to tell
because hey yeah guys I just want to say
some days music puts me in such a good
mood guys so I'm just saying pneumo
blows playlist this summer okay anyways
bye for now we're heading out so let's
back it up and get out of here I'm
really back on any black how many wipe
off any time I'm gonna rock up getting
stuck
yo I was - check it out right now I just
made it over to the barbershop about to
get my hair cut so let the
transformation begin
how many black any
oh my god anyways woods right now he
quickly came over to the grocery store
and I showed you guys a week ago that
made sigan are on the cover of the
magazine now we're actually going to be
there for two weeks two straight weeks
and I quickly came over and they only
have one cup left nice check it out
where is it where is it down guys this
is crazy man I know it doesn't mean a
lot to everybody but just being on like
the stands with a newspaper look mo
vlogs Kim Kardashian mo blogs Kim Chi
thank God we're like on the same level
like she's got a big butt I've got a big
butt Savage the thing is I actually
really want to go get a coffee right now
and you guys remember that really cool
coffee face me and my sister went to a
while back I want to go and check out
what's going on because I heard since I
was there apparently a ton of you guys
went there so let's go see if they still
recognize me so yeah yo guys or check it
out we are back over here guys and look
at the dessert Oh
oh my god as you can see guys my ice
cream coffee just made it here three two
on uh oh my god now that was some
delicious off me anyways boys right now
I just finished adding my ice cream
coffee it was amazing I loved it guys I
love to as I said I'm asked you earlier
on today so I mean I'm still on the diet
technically because I I ate it because
I'm going to lose it if you don't
basically right now actually quickly
came over to the pet store guys can see
this
so I on it again they don't sell lions
but the thing is we're getting some like
cat food and pet toys because as I
mentioned you guys we still have roads
you guys go
yeah we're just going to try and fire a
lot of toys the whole buddy that way
should become friends with our cats so
let's go inside the back door Oh who's a
good boy who's a good boy
ah he's a good girl
the thing is they actually have some
really cool outfits for puppies guys
look at this they have a cow a cow
outfit for a dog guys so yeah the thing
is I don't think Rosie wants to wear
anything guys it's really hot at the
moment so maybe this is something for
winter if you know what I mean okay
anyways boys we quickly just grab some
pet food from the store guys so yeah for
now let's it out here the thing is
there's one thing I definitely need to
guard dog a dog bone basically he keeps
fighting me and if you see my hand that
loads of stores because he thinks my
hand is a bone no I gave my hand is not
a bone
uh cotton candy I'm in a really tough
situation right now
it's either the cotton candy or the huge
lollipop I think I want the lollipop guy
look at the size of this lollipop yo I'm
not sure how many if you guys remember
this but let me know did you guys have
these when you're a kid like these
chocolate footballs please bring back so
many memories did you have this on your
game
are you sure mommy like your old okay so
the thing is right now I'm heading today
football but look who I met what you
guys already know your squad Gang Gang
Yolo Yolo so guys I absolutely love
meeting your instructor and I whatever I
meet you guys
I'm always like yo I'll put you guys on
the vlog as long as you go crazy anyways
as I mentioned right now I'm heading to
go play football so let's go and have
some fun
yo yo yo yo yo yeah this is here is
check it out so you already know we came
to play some football guys are playing
football messin aging lose out to blue
football guys honestly he's actually
good like his name is messy but he's
actually good at football guys so he
ready no check it out
score show them you're a Python they
need to see something for proof come on
charge it Oh is the eight pack bro we
need to see them we need to see the
eight I'm still the best back here so
that's all I'm gonna say bro and really
want you bro is where I'm the best bike
there's nobody here that I'm not even
I believe you can show them honestly
like in a competition I definitely know
that we are not performing modulo move
yeah get my good shot so I don't get the
Rose like the rubbish stuff Delita
anyways guys we're gonna play some
football right now let's see how it goes
much employee
yeah okay so I know this is really
random guys we just bought my sister's
car in the road and we're swapping cards
because basically they're I don't know
eight guys it's very spontaneous we can
granvulcan on fittings I hope she's
really nice
I basically guys their car and he puts
two people I have no idea how they even
came out no I think it was illegal guys
a leader
well yeah we're clearly stopping cars
and we're taking Lambo so peace out ah
deal Hey here we go do a move blow as
you already know right now we're in the
Lambo we out here we're going to go eat
some food this is about how did we come
in the Lambo we like rosemary I sort of
know with this car and also you know let
me see where they are and they're like
yo you want your car I like my car I
can't find salt you need to tell your
friends that you need to don't in the
American mix you know what I need to
learn Spanish oh my god Spanish people
talk so good and okay I never seen but I
never stopped that is it let me just say
I say okay so you guys need to take moon
blogs and some Spanish kind of dance or
whatever because they won't say listen
house itself is perfect yeah okay so we
just made it to Nando's right now guys
my boy message you know no no no problem
my camera
another clean the window for okay camera
yo I wish to check it out right now I
made it home and it's time to inflate
the swimming pool guess who's waiting
for a Rosie hey you wanna do what you
want is very beautiful ha ha ha honk
honk chill chill Rosie chill you need to
take a chill pill right now all right
one
okay okay fine fine George George George
it's your next mission oh my god
so thankful I said it could be inflated
pursue pull up inside guys it's time to
go sit in it somewhere
Rosie would and she had the party with
you yeah that's a simple Rosie tiger she
stole confused she's so confused right
yeah Oh oh she's like no no I don't like
water
yeah play in the water nope I'm not
having any of that oh okay so in case
you guys are wondering what we're doing
right now we're putting the C pool under
the trampoline so in the morning it's
not too hot I'm Rosie can go to swim
right that's the plan I Rosie i rosy I
hope you enjoy it she's hey what are you
guys doing oh she likes it literally
she's going to check it out she's
drinking the water what no don't drink
guys she's like this is a this is a big
hose over here oh my god oh she ran
Jorge
oh my goodness guys oh my goodness she's
going crazy she is going crazy guys that
we're teaching her tricks going up the
ramp up the rent
oh my we're teaching her to be a
performance dogs
oh okay under they come back down come
back down any reason go that is Rosie
she's back in the family for now the
thing is as I mentioned yesterday guys I
absolutely love her I want everybody
calm down in the comment section because
you guys are you just I don't even know
it's like World War Zed in there like
you guys are going crazy for this guy
yeah everything you just created like a
whole war in the comment section you see
the power of one don't you want to see a
game I play with this but okay
three-two-one Oh
is cold run oh my gosh she's so fast and
he gave a rugby guys you won the ball
y'all know she got the world oh my god
okay I'm coming quick quick Oh our boys
are just about to sleep right now but
before I end today's video I need to
talk to you guys one more time okay I
can't stress this to you guys enough
please
it's your summer holidays I know a lot
of you who are watching are young I want
you guys to use your time wisely because
nobody cares about anybody nowadays like
I'm telling you guys you have to do
stuff for yourself I'm trying to
motivate you as much as I can because
honestly if you don't you will regret it
I'm just telling you guys I honestly
want the best for anybody watching this
and I know a lot of people just need
some motivation so even if I can inspire
one of you one of you to use your time
wisely this summer just go out there and
follow your dreams man just work while
everybody else is having fun and trust
me in the future it's going to flip
around so yeah guys but also I hope you
guys know a bit more about the Rosi
situation guys as I said my family loves
animals and I feel like people were just
attacking to attack in the conversation
no it's not like that if we didn't care
about any food why would we pick up a
random boat from the street and help it
out but yeah guys I love you guys so
much I'll see tomorrow make sure to
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video if you don't I'll
kill you and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yawn yawn oh boy
