Oh No are you kidding me go so
technically smooth buddy and having got
him against some kind of a bad friend
but don't worry I know
Yaya
good morning welcome back to another
vlog here in the mo blogs house so we
are starting out today's video basically
what you guys just saw my sister do
right now is we have a stereo system at
home and you can actually like do a
concert with it tickets how much are
tickets our show free entry for injury
free education now first things first
I'm not sure if you guys noticed check
out our new TV today we actually got
some new furniture for the house guys
BAM we got a TV stand and it looks
beautiful look at it like yeah it's just
the TV stand but before our TV used to
just be on the floor I don't know how
we've lived in this house for a year and
just had our TV sitting on the floor but
it finally has a stand anyways here's
the thing today we have a ton of things
to do but the first place me and my mom
are actually gonna head to is the post
office because apparently somebody sent
me a package it is my birthday very soon
so I'm pretty sure it's a birthday gift
why do you have black toenails yeah your
feet are like a piece of meat like I
thought they are supposed to be smaller
like why are your feet so big they say
people are big
our boss's boss boss I saw the first
stop of the day is at the post office
right now we're getting our package guys
so as soon as they cool out our number
we Moochie guys my package my package is
there hey guys my brother is finally
home and now we're about to unbox the
mystery box well yeah we got the mystery
box wait wait I was hurry up three two
oh it's the money necklace someone legit
made you a money necklace that's crazy
he's like you know when you go to Hawaii
and then you wear those like cool
necklaces to greet you when you come
into Islands but this is like the money
version of it it literally made me a
necklace out of real money like this is
all $1 bills if you can see that it's
one of those singing contacted ready
what is it singing I know this is like a
mini DJ set ah all right
happy birthday Muhammad and congrats on
reaching five million subscribers get 5
million yeah
Oh
look guys if you subscribe what are you
doing you just little pro I can give you
a shout-out on my loan arose dreams oh
shut up I hope you like the gift I got
you thank you so much like this is
amazing so far there are three boxes now
it's time to open the mini box this is
not mini this one O'Doul that's a game
what is it what it's a virtual reality
game what does that mean you know the
games are you have to wear like the
virtual reality loss oh that is so cool
does that mean she sent me the virtual
reality thing oh are you kidding me
that's insane oh now that's something I
want to play for sure you know how cool
this is
yeah I know thank you oh thank you so
much she sent me a virtual reality
Moscow like I know I always say this
guy's but I just sometimes don't know
how to thank you guys you're all amazing
thank you so much I already know who
this is from guys one of my biggest fans
out there vas thank you so much for
sending this in honestly you don't need
to do this I love you guys regardless
but thank you so much for sending this
stuff in like this is the best birthday
gift up go the tree got nothing so far
thank you for being the person to get me
a gift so far I appreciate it okay I'm
just gonna play with this later today
guys because right now I'm actually
heading straight out of the house again
alright let's go sorry sorry my
allergies are you okay are you okay Lana
like germs
peace out germs peace nachos bye
yo behind I guess right now me and my
mom have come over to the grocery store
now you guys listen if you don't already
know it's my birthday in a couple days
then like you have literally not been
watching my blogs but racially we've
come over to the grocery store because
since it is my birthday we need to get
some candles you have to have candles
for your birthday cake in case you guys
don't know your boy is turning 23 so
yeah I'm becoming 23 years old guys I
couldn't legit be a father at this age
like I know I don't have a kid but I
could technically have a kid like that's
how old I are my kid could be in school
right now like if I had a kid who knows
18 he'd be like 5 years old I'm old no
I'm sure there's like 5 year-olds
watching me like I could be your dad
right now me and my mom are quickly
shopping around the thing is I actually
want to make myself a custom birthday
cake like out of all different types of
chocolate so right now we're gonna buy a
lot of chocolate Oreos
wouldn't mind if I do hello Panda I
don't know what you are but I'll still
take you because you look delicious oh
are you sure this is not expired the
bomb of the cake is going to be made out
of Nutella guys there we go there we go
so there you go that is my birthday cake
if you can see the custom oh no it's
nice very nice guys we just made a
custom birthday cake isn't my still not
your birthday happy birthday to you ha
it is time to open my gift guys so yeah
oh wow
no binder I've never had like a VR
systems before like so this is pretty
dope I thought like oh here it is here
it is
whoa how'd you put this on like how does
this work
it's a pretty much if you guys have
never seen like a virtual reality helmet
this is what it is so how did she make
you bigger whoa
I can't see anything yo hi guys so this
is super random in the video but right
now look who just showed up to my house
but then having to go and get some kind
of a back friend
don't worry I know this ain't my gift
I'm not getting the watches oh you can
select one I can have a watch in my
grave oh my god this is a prank like
that's insane I know I don't even know
about it is my first time finding out
about this for your birthday you know I
had no idea any of these watches oh my
goodness what's going on I can pick any
what you over here right oh this is this
a joke like he isn't playing bro he's
like if I take you I'm not at the
Diamonds bro look at that oh my gosh
that is gorgeous
oh wait he's got something else wait
wait he's got something else
what is this yep guys you just carry on
with another box I feel like this is
like a trick question right now
that's the one I can have this it's mine
yeah that's my boy that's insane
Versailles is this your gift bro I had
nothing to do with it so this is your
youth of course so just my new friend
guys guys yeah that's my watch as always
on my end of today's like here if you
have enjoyed make sure to smash that
like button and I'll see you tomorrow
for my birthday
yeah Liana
