together again the students together all
right three two one good morning what is
up everybody welcome back to another
vlog so we're gonna start today's blog
with a very special unboxing BAM the
other day guys
I kind of showed you guys that YouTube
sent me something and I said if you like
the video I'll open it as you guys got
60,000 like 60,000 guys let's open this
and see what YouTube sent me oh my god
guys are we so check it out this is what
they sent me it's actually a youtube
yearbook I don't know what that means or
what's going to be inside it so let's
open it I think you have to pull the top
oh is saying I still have no idea where
we are
again I'm missing we have to flip this
BAM
yo I so this is the book guy and if you
can see that there's writing all over it
it's like different languages like
you're like it's I'm sore like you
loominatee stuff
okay second surah codes and secret
messages YouTube what are you trying to
do oh it has all the youtubers names on
it no way the worst my name for it if
you guys can find my name here I will
give you a billion dollars because y'all
promised my yeah guys what a university
coming 500 alphabetical order
guys look at that my name is absolute or
yeah guess you all to there Meek Mill TV
ah 3 2 1
wait a second
ok so I can put like a map showing his
progression basically they've actually
ran like his little story about my
youtube career guys but I'm sure most of
you knowing I that you watch me so
basically this is my most viral video
over here I paid cash for a Ferrari over
here u.s. Bugatti racing to Kentucky
basically I think they have a bunch of
youtubers in this book guys so yeah I
guess oh we're I'm on em out on end like
a weapon Zelda ABCD efg hijk guys it's
Lawndale guys
blah blah blah doesn't make it guys a
lot of it'll make you on the list
it's okay
we need to help forget a million-man
call now we need Lana in the 2017
yearbook so I was I'm officially signing
my own YouTube here bhai alright well
here we are
2017 Mista 2016 book are you sure yes
2016 you to send me initially but this
is gonna be honest is bang-on I made it
I made it yeah guys I do you to put a
gift I appreciate it
let's continue the rest of the day oh my
god nicotine so excited oh my gosh to
break all by now : oh my god that energy
though good morning good morning Lucy
good morning ah ah this is wearing me
crazy
don't mind me some are birds that hurt I
gave Rosie calm down Conda now Rosie you
could not eat the camera you cannot you
cannot eat the camera
anyways boys he or she is a lot of
people have been asking where Rosie is
on the vlogs she's still here she's
still alive
and yeah she's pretty much our guard dog
acacia that's why you're not going to
see her on the vlog she's a little bit
vicious guys like she bites everything
and anything guard the Bugatti guard by
her by her is is dead but don't let it
touch the body okay now I know there's
going to be a lot either our heart
broken in the comment section but today
is actually the last day you're going to
see Rosie on the vlogs now the thing is
as I mentioned guys we have two cats so
it doesn't make sense for us to have a
dog in the family as much as we love her
but yet tomorrow she's actually getting
rehome to a nice place she is going out
guys I'm gonna miss everybody I'm gonna
miss you too
but we're saying goodbye to Rosie guys
the thing is we kept her for a while
just so she gets her and
G back and she's all good now so as you
can see she's no longer homeless dog
she's good and here she's another baby
guys look oh she has a lot of energy
guys look but yeah guys there you go
Rosie is actually going tomorrow or
offer tomorrow my hat for now we're
gonna say goodbye to her because she was
super nice in the family and she's
biting your leg
today senator young as you can see today
I actually have a baby to take care of
you're sleeping over here so you're just
dead visitor her eyes are white we think
okay they what's up to the blood gang
gang gang gang gang oh my god have you
guys ever seen a fidget spinner stand
what look we need to get on it we need
one of these will home I think we've
officially made it to fidget spinner
heaven right now look at it oh wait guys
like a look at him it's like you seen
them for the first time
hey guys today I'm teaching my kid
patience all right now jump up hold it
but don't lick it
listen buddy I'm sorry I know you want
something I know you want a chocolate I
get back to me no you found me never
liked chocolate I basically I was right
now they've come to a gadget store and
look at the remote control part they
have failed
is the size of him looking like so big
hold it done anything so we've been
walking around for the past 20 minutes
and I'm really thirsty so we're getting
some water oh come on whoo okay so right
now I'm making a very special purchase
guys I'm buying big ten sentence was 85
kilometers an hour
this can recent your car yeah I feel
just guys oh whoa okay so the battery
ran out on the remote-control car but
trust me it's super super fast so once I
charge it up I'm gonna like jump it from
ramps and do some crazy stuff with it
don't shoot me oh okay so right now my
sister was doing some jewelry shopping
and look what I found guys so long guys
they fully diamonds football
oh wow guys tell me have you guys ever
seen a fully diamond football how much
how much
3,000 3,000 okay it's very French
whatever yeah leave it in there like a
thousand cut off their clothing and they
turned off the lights get it let's go
so my brother is about to try some new
automobile device as you can see oh my
god she's going oh that does 360 Wow and
you've even got your own light
oh my god whoa your watch crash
okay so right now we came into the
parking lot guys
and I want to test out the car we've all
right you ready for this yep oh good
braking system it has them it holds on
very quick that's ball look at it oh
it's go from Bugatti brakes there I
can't even keep up with it it's so fun
anyway there you go boys that is the new
car listen you're going home but wait we
look mom wait guys we actually forgot
mommy mom you're really selling the moon
hi guys so I'm going to show you my
phone cases that I bought I bought two
of them same design different colors oh
my gosh guys as Tuesday Khaled says What
did he say my life another or another
another another one right now we're
going home we had a great day out
high voice so now all I want to say a
final goodbye to Rosie on the blogs now
as I mentioned I know a lot of you are
going to be sad that she's going but
guys the thing is I've really loved her
like don't get me wrong she's my baby as
you can see but it just doesn't make
sense for us to keep her yeah guys as I
mentioned whatever me and my family see
animals on the road I just can't leave
them there so that is why we picked up
guys
and thankfully she's doing way better
Bochy was you aren't you Popeye Rosie ah
she's peeing she's peeing guys say hello
to my little friends whoa I was another
a hole I need to show you these lighters
I go power out there shotgun lighters
yes boom these are so cool I'll be a
guys as we wrap up today's look here I
hope you have enjoyed honestly I know
I've been talking about this a lot but I
don't see one last thing about the dog
honestly guys I feel like in life
everything happens for a reason like
even us running into the dog I felt like
it was meant to be and yeah hopefully
from tomorrow we can start our journey
again and yeah man I honestly feel like
I'm talking this much just because I
feel so sad that she's going but you
guys hope that you understand where I'm
coming from as well so yeah guys I just
like to be as open as I can be with you
guys well yeah guys this end the vlog on
a positive note as always I love you
guys so so much make sure to hit the
subscribe button I'm going to be doing a
giveaway of some lighters very soon so
if you guys want to win subscribe down
below and as always I'll see you guys
tomorrow better click quantities right
now yeah yeah Leon oh boy
