what you mean they jumped out on y'all I
beat people up what you talking about
they jumped out on that day long I'm
crazy what you mean I coming for me
nobody's coming for me pull up pull up
pull up
yo good morning everybody what is up
welcome back to another beautiful day so
I'm feeling blessed today guys
I just came out to see this bad boy and
it's just it's surreal guys we haven't
see yesterday's video I finally got my
Mustang back this is how it looks like
I'm sure most of you guys have seen the
video anyways the thing is I'm actually
starting out my day by heading over to
my boy Robbie's house
we're actually hitting the gym today so
let's go I get a six-pack yeah higher
voice so right now I just made those my
man Rami over here and sure that we just
ran like two kilometres before I start
the vlog because I wanted to be possible
lightly oh you're the bomb yeah
good morning good morning one more time
we just finished our gym session we
about to hit the slipping pool that's
all I'm going to jump from the pool onto
that boat watch onto that bow over there
all right guys apparently Romney's going
to somehow do a leap of faith and it
works every time let's do it
oh my papa
look it's serving time are you ready
second part of the workout I'm ready I'm
always ready
Wow so here's guys it's a beautiful day
today we're going to be doing some
soothing let's go
yo ok so right now we just finished
swimming and it's time for I start okay
basically guys this water is freezing
cold so we're about to jump in and see
how long we can are you okay acting on
feel um no is that a good thing to be
numb like I don't even know anymore
Oh bullshit shake it up should you not
more 3 2 1
you guys don't even realize how good
this is for your body like that war is
minus a thousand degrees that's not fair
- guys listen that that war is cold
right there any reason to find out if
your guys I want to show you the steam
room they have check this out i yo this
thing has a starlit roof all right you
guys take a shower bro another beautiful
knowing me anyways whisper now we're
gonna go take shower so peace out and
see you in a couple minutes yo our boys
we just finished up in the gym and right
now we're actually teaching basically I
brought my boys over to this chickens go
over here and they have the spiciest
chicken ever check this out guys as you
can see we're having some fries some
chicken some salad you're sure listen is
the chicken good it's good right guys
you see that's coming from an African
American Magnus light no refresh right
I'll only raised it all day the Jews yo
our boy so you might be wondering where
we are right now today's vlog is about
to hit another level again basically I'm
also happy if you guys know this there
is challenge going around for like the
pillow fight challenge but we're going
to record a Dubai Edition - okay so
check out my Instagram hopefully you'll
see the video on there it turns out good
but basically guys to record this
challenge we're pulling out a very
special car we got the Bugatti
whoa where it's about to go down today
we're literally gonna have 10 grown
adults pillow fighting it's going to be
insane like okay so I'm as Sean is going
to get into the Bugatti down how is it
is it going on space for you yeah nice
snug now you know me guys know I'm not
gonna lie Sean actually looks like a
Bugatti owner like if I see you in this
it kind of suits you
hey I'm just placing on my exit Hey
I will always say yes to a bugatti so
yeah look at this we got the keys
Sam anyways all jokes aside boys right
now we're gonna head out
yeah you know the thumbnail game's gonna
be sitting today man okay so before I
head out a shout out to this year√≠s
birthday what something is suspect
before you guys stop right now without
your resizes I didn't know that awesome
he's actually buying a car myself
I'm typing it man how old are you oh my
give it a job you guys it goes up down
here Eddie no yours go we out here it's
live alright so slight change of plan
boys basically right now we're heading
out in the world toys and I'm going to
come pick up the Bugatti later on sell
for now as they beat back Sean they got
to just slide in so a little bit of luck
yo when I told you it's about to get
crazy I'm meant to boys look what my
voice shown is driving fare home oh the
BRABUS 4x4 guys we literally have the
whole lineup out here the BRABUS the
bugatti behind him guys this is the by
addition anyway the thing is I don't
even know what's about to go down like
there's a lot of people involved and
we're trying to set up everything but
I'm enjoying the Bugatti guys I was just
driving around this and I'm like this
this is a late car guys check out the
wing on the Bugatti I love how it goes
up and down oh yeah our boys were in the
Bugatti pumping some music this is nice
alright so my man Conrad just found
something I never knew about the bodies
you see this over here this is actually
a secret compartment guys check it out
BAM what that is insane and the owner
left their sunglasses guys yeah so we
just found a free pair of sunglasses
just tell them we're never sorry now
guys I've never so song to thunderously
something lower there's no idea anyways
imagine putting like cash here guys
that'd be awesome any reason as you
press the button at the top and boom it
just opens up
oh hi boys so right now we just made it
over to the location we're shooting the
video we are at one of the craziest
palaces ever guys check this out BAM so
as you can see the Bugatti is out here
this is the house we're shooting at holy
moly
can it get better man I don't think so I
think this is going to be pretty intense
I think that y'all are ready to see and
yo Fat Boy si si we're coming as I told
you they just pillow fight challenging
going on is genius
insane so right now we're gonna do a
pillow fight challenge do by addition
we're gonna have Bugattis we got the
rolls-royce the G like it's gonna be
crazy
I don't know you didn't you did it
pretty good let's see if we can I I
don't think we can top it but it'll
definitely look cooler it will look
cooler so we'll have a little bit of
Dubai asked to it I have the device salt
but anyways guys how to quickly show you
the view because look at this man this
is insane
Oh guys gold gold right here so sorry so
losses like yeah we got some more yeah I
got a G right in the road the Mercedes
three cars over there for lighting oh my
god only a divine were thinking we were
thinking we need light cleaning we
didn't think about having ten cars they
all have IBM and hey why not
what you mean they jumped out on yo I
beat people up what you talking about
they jumped out on it that day long I'm
crazy what you mean they coming for me
nobody's coming for me pull up pull up
pull up
I look he's about the boss's ass trying
to lift too much weight thinking he's
mr. macho and this is not going to be
driving a human like a year and a half
that that 3:20 I'm still not one was
that what it was 300 go see a yoga and
Pilates
oh yeah my yoga Pilates from morning yo
our voice right now I finally made him
back home and now that I'm home I want
to show my sister what we were doing
over there cuz it's insane so are you
ready to watch the greatest penalty of
all time oh my gosh this looks so fine
oh my god oh so fine
dad you said today was a tough day I'm
just saying today anyways was as always
on arrival today's look here if you
didn't enjoy slash the like button super
fun day I actually have the Bugatti home
right now guys yes the Bugatti is going
to be with me until tomorrow I'm
guessing I didn't even think I'd having
guys but I was so late I had to take it
home brilliant guys until tomorrow I
love you guys all stay tuned because
since we have the Bugatti we might as
well do some videos with it so yeah
Eddie right as always I love you guys
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video oh yeah
Yolo Yolo Oh
