yoyoyo
welcome to the mo blocks show guys good
morning what is not everybody welcome
back so today's about to be a special
day what is going on yeah yeah so
basically if you don't know what's going
on I gave my Mustang to get customized
and today it's finally time to reveal my
car basically guys it's a beast I
wrapped the car I've done some
modifications so right now we're heading
to go see the Beast
let's do this check it out right now we
just made it into the middle of the
desert and over here is my new Mustang
so without further ado it's time to
reveal my new car you guys here is my
baby
here is the new car guys Wow now this is
what you call special literally nobody
else in the world has this combination
on the Mustang guys Wow Wow oh my god
you guys don't even realize how proud I
am of how this car came out like this is
this is on another level right now yeah
my boys well here it is this is what you
guys have been waiting for I'm so
excited right now I can't even tell you
guys but the thing is before I say
anything else
I actually want to tell you guys the
level of work that went into this car so
come a little bit closer
basically the camo design you guys see
on this car has actually been invented
by my friends I go foil the old Mustang
design was cool but it is this is two
layers of wrapping on top of each other
so it's not your standard camo design no
they've wrapped it on top of another
wrap with two different shades of blue
and this is what it looks like so just
check it out come around the car as you
can see it looks amazing it feels
amazing oh the thing is when you put
your hand on this car you can actually
feel the camel like it's two layers guys
yo my car is gonna turn more heads than
a Bugatti on that this thing is
beautiful right now I did tell you guys
there's another change I made to the car
and this one you have to listen to
basically your boy has changed the
exhaust the thing is this bad boy now
has an x-force barracks exhaust now if
you guys don't know what I'm talking
about it's alright I'm gonna show you
guys by revving the car let's do this
okay now before I rev the car for you
guys I want to show you the coolest part
base
the exhaust is actually controlled by my
phone and you can open and close the
valve on it so I'm gonna show you guys
what that looks like come down alright
so as you can see this is the exhaust
and if you look closely inside check
this out close open
as you can see the valves literally open
and closed with the app guys but now
it's time for you to hear it alright so
let's get things started
are you kidding me
that's crazy
oh my gosh that's a big difference guys
the thing is the more I Drive it's gonna
get louder for the first thousand
kilometers no way you know that so if
you guys hear a beast coming on the road
you know who it is a gay you know it's
guys I just wanna say a big thank you to
Jay HP distributors for getting the
exhaust to me and yeah hooking your boy
up so yeah now it's time to take the car
on the road and of course guys don't
forget this crazy design was done by
gofal so huge shout out to them as well
for making this look like a beast by the
way guys I did tell you we're in the
middle of the desert look at the view
you don't even know my Instagram level
is gonna get on another level I say this
every day guys but check my Instagram
out you already know these two cars are
just gonna be everywhere now so spoon
hi guys it's time to hit the road
now that I have the car actually heading
to go eat somewhere I just want to say
guys you don't realize how excited I am
because honestly I just feel like this
is the car we've needed I can't like the
cutter before was super nice but I've
always wanted to have like a super stand
out car and I think this does the job
anyways my mom and sister are driving
the Mustang behind us right now we're in
the AMG this car is beautiful guys check
it out
BAM the inside of this car is so
futuristic but as you can see we're
still in the desert heading out I just
look at the design from the mirror man
this is amazing look I had this the
coolest thing about coming to desert
areas they have like the coolest tunnels
ever
oh my goodness grandma my brother
brought chicken and dried food we got
here first
you know it's crazy I know this you talk
about are you but you guys realize we
eat living things like chickens and cows
we are monsters have any more yum yum
yum
Bon Appetit whenever I say Bon Appetit I
remember now
oh my god
yo that's the Parrikar you've sprinkles
okay
that dude dude dude enough there we go
I'm taking that one the chocolate cake
it's about to get super dirty of the
vlog I think we should cut in here
I'll see you guys off of the cake I hate
so much we ate so much guys
Holly Molly I haven't stopped myself in
a while grandma that was good that was
good that was good at dolls yeah yeah
all right so we just made it over the
city moon area they have this really
cool show going on so let's go check it
out
so right now there's a really cool show
going on but it just finished and look
at this this is literally about to
disappear in a couple of seconds guys
look it goes under the water guys Wow
have you ever wondered where they hide
all of their machinery it's underwater
guys look at that all the machines for
this mechanism are underwater guys this
is proof that they know where the aliens
are they know where the aliens are
they're hiding them underwater right now
we just made over to sea walk and look
what they have over here they have this
really cool chest filled with jewelry
bro you know how much that's worth let's
just steal it guys the security's behind
us by me listen it doesn't hurt just a
little bit oh my god look at that guys
Security's over there right over there
so we just found this really cool place
look at this guys like I kind of feel
like I'm on holiday like you know we go
to Singapore Thailand there's my brother
oh no I thought there was water in there
imagine that was lava and you have to
exercise like that guys look at this no
pool okay so I know we randomly swap
location right now but basically right
now we were driving by this house which
is completely abandoned guys or right I
hope nobody's inside here
guys okay you know what this is not a
good idea guys do not explore houses you
find on the middle of the road
yo guys so right now we came here to
have some desserts for my beautiful girl
and yeah we're taking old forget we're
old yeah man whether you like it or not
more if you're watching this nati I'm so
happy we run the show
we got the glow which oh boy so we just
made a home right now and apparently
while we were out we got a package guys
so it's time to see what's in this bad
boy
Oh
I don't want to show them it I don't
want to show them that no no guys okay
guys basically it's a very very special
package don't worry I got a very special
gift guys can we see but if you guys
want to see what's in this you have to
smash the like button
you have to smash the like button eyes
cuz it's special I to be continued guys
okay today's look yeah I hope you did
enjoy it as I said I'm super super happy
with my car guys and I hope you guys are
as well it's been a long awaited project
and honestly the way my car is turned
out I couldn't be happier like listen I
feel like guys don't be boring okay in
life
be yourself if there's anything you want
to do make your hair pink make your car
brown just go out there and do what you
like you know what's the basic you be
unique guys so as always make sure to
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo stay tuned for what's in the
box
