yo guys welcome back to another vlog hi
guys so welcome back to another vlog
today we're starting out on my sister's
new hairstyle god damn this is crazy
guys beginning I'm gonna go rainbow
colors guys oh my goodness we're
creating a monster right now we're gonna
go from pink to rainbow the new trend
and honestly it actually looks nice I
feel like people are going to start
making their hair pink God let's do this
together okay anyways guys the thing is
we're actually starting today's vlog by
heading over to my new house yeah
basically guys none of you have actually
seen my new house on the vlog now let me
give you a warning before we go there
okay it's a studio apartment okay we're
all gonna die screaming listen let me
say that one more time
it's a studio which means it's tiny okay
good start that's what it's you guys I
mean it's better than nothing
we made it I've ways to check it out we
made it over to my apartment
oh I grabbed my right to see my
apartment yes but let's go okay no first
not if there's anybody there I swear I
don't know and there is knock knock
knock I'm not showing it I'm showing
your head oh my god here it is
echo echo guys check it out this is the
apartment Wow is echo iam here grandma's
looking if they've left anything is
there anything left in the gorge roads
to check it out this is where the
kitchen is in the apartment guys as you
can see you got your bathroom over here
it's very standard quality as well as a
literary I write to the view the view is
lit let's go check out the view guys hi
guys let's take you over to the view
whoa check it out down there we have our
playground it's actually really nice and
cozy there's people looking at us down
there I mean as a deaf people I'm you
can I sit up and it's amazing the people
is just
and the judges and anyway there you go
with this is Mike you know how I can
show you but super nice in case I ever
feel like boredom I can come here Turner
sure promoting up though because I think
it's being rented out gasps huh
don't stay with mommy mom I knew Norman
national life brother I hope you guys
get your first property soon if you're
watching it you might have 10 you know
so let's go actually have to sleep food
is all social fact employer so if I can
I'll show you if I come on Keisha let's
go good bye good bye good bye granny
more nice yeah yeah I believe you I
believe you
no no no no no no no that thing's very
too much I can you know we're gonna
leave it here for the tennis today
hopefully they don't need to use it but
oh my goodness Saturdays let's get out
of here and let's go check it out
wipeout came up days and in the
apartment that's good oh yeah you're you
know that means that meet whenever any
top of the gym we're coming here for
free there's no key here yeah anyways
now let's go to sleep yeah I hope that
empty otherwise I don't know people swim
you know yeah what are you doing what
are you doing it's very cool oh nice
three I'm serving four oh man I wanted
to go through it you know I told you I
will the penthouse guys know your
complimentary no mama you're gonna get
wet I swear you're gonna you're just
loose I serve that thing goes inside the
water your body weight might not handle
it I'm gonna thank you guys cheering
this is the simple when does it jacuzzi
or that yeah oh yeah there is well there
you go boys my new apartment
oh I'm just placing on my eggs
hey I've voice oh there you go this is
the new apartment converse is going to
be kind of sad because this is probably
the only time we're seeing you guys like
apart from today I'm never going back
here guys today's such a hot day like
I'm actually getting a pan sitting here
even though I'm in the shade say that's
how hot it is again it's time to go
let's get out of here boys
oh no bad don't bad at all
there's my new apartment thank you guys
again for making this possible and
supporting your voice throughout
everything until next time let's go
making Macanudo controls you come out
little sick guys honestly my
sister's hair looks like Nicki Minaj's
in look at the comparison right now why
I could have popped on then you'll be
like that that is insane
oh my god basically guys right now we've
come over to the shopping center and
it's the first time my sister's come in
public with this hair color yeah there's
a reason for that bro hi boy so right
now he came over to a makeup store one
of the ladies of the other sports so
she's going to give me what's her many
lip hey Sydney I'm gonna have lipstick
on just bear with me guys it's just for
the video all right so yeah I'm sure
there's nothing I can take yourself off
to right okay we got the green line
going here reminds me of you know when
the kids get like paintings on their
faces okay it's starting to look really
good though what is happening oh my
goodness hi guys that is hardly know her
oh my god I'm crazy
oh my god more you look so good and
lipstick all right
I live there you go that is my
watermelon lipstick guide for you guys
ha here you know guys gonna like oh my
goodness nobody would ever kiss me with
this Oh perfect
there we go yeah we're wise wipes
hi guys no no no Mike you Venus in the
role anyways guys there you go you've
ever wanted more minutes on your lips
that is how it's done all right
oh my goodness look at ya oh my god
you're watching my head alright guys the
thing is right now we're actually
heading out there guys I'm trying to buy
myself a pair of sunglasses but they
didn't have it in this wall but you know
what's crazy my sister's hair blends
into the brothers do you baby your your
squad have you subscribed
second if you have Matt and you don't
love you shouldn't mind us because I
Drive for that right now like right now
so right now he came over to the toy
store my man Nick's going to do a magic
trick for us
alright guys to check it out we gave him
this money so just be careful all right
decide to do like do
oh oh oh my god
great well words out one more time
I need to see that you know that's real
no more Jonah all right okay hi what
what oh my goodness
mama and
I give my money back guys yeah we do my
money right how many guys in Centrica
still take you right for the games one
check nothing in their little peepee
toolbar for simple I will get one part
so how many cards remaining inside 150
151 right yeah
can it once anyone 25:51 right I will
tell you inside just like that okay
how many card inside how many how many
cards 51 plus that 1 plus 52 if I wave 1
2 in please it's either in the toy store
loving you right now we're doing some
gloss shopping and this is the one law I
found it actually suits you wrote how
much are those by the way 3,000 holy
cookware how much are yours
how's yours my boy today
hi guys we have to leave oh my god
another one
listen how much are those how much are
those these are 2004 infinity oh yeah
cheaper this cheetah now we can be I
finally managed to get the glosses I
wanted
them are boys you don't know how many
memories are having these losses I
finally got them back in my life guys so
more blokes is back in action alright
I'm dying
if I say goodbyes you guys in today's
video I want to show you guys my glosses
because I think it really cool when you
put them side by side guys BAM baby so
this one is the green one over here and
this one is the blue one look at that is
literally guys I don't know why I always
buy identical glosses but I think they
look really awesome guys so yeah as
always I'm going to wrap up today's vlog
here tomorrow is going to be exciting
because I think I'm going to be picking
up my Mustang now you guys have seen
I've had a lot of stuff done to my
Mustang so tomorrow I'm finally
revealing the car I think okay I think
so we're going to have to see about that
guys but it's going to turn out awesome
and just know one of the reasons I got
these glasses today is because of the
car okay so I'm not hinting you what
color is but I'm just saying right I
just submitted a guy's as always I'm
going to say goodbye here I love you
guys well thank you so much for
supporting the yoga squad it's made sure
to subscribe down below keep on
supporting guys because we don't big
things coming this year big thing so I
hope you guys are ready for that because
we're just gonna bail shift into another
gear and as always make sure to
subscribe over here watch my last video
over here guys and you already know I
love you yeah Lian oh oh
