Fran drops chop-chop-chop-chop smoking
no cooking the hotwalker yo everyone
good morning and welcome to a special
video so you might be wondering where
we're starting today's law we're
actually here at the radio station hot
97 basically today we're going to be
beating DJ Camello which is the biggest
DJ in New York so he's actually been
sigan spread for 14 years guys so we got
the plug you know you always hear it in
the radio and now your life
we just crash the party yeah yeah what's
going on we're going on huh 97 you don't
stay in New York City we here this is my
man DJ Carmelo you know we over here in
New York City you already know
number-one hip-hop station in New York
hot 97 in a building my man's a top DJ
in New York so you don't get better we
only deal with the best anyways we're in
the studio right now at half a now he's
going live so it's going to get likk at
any point so we got DJ move logs now
here so you know how to do that but I
got this like a whole city's listen yeah
all citizen
guys if this goes downhill this is all
my fault I think I think we need time of
like a little fun do some classic stuff
you know the same you got this you know
you should get on a scent man nothing
okay you know what more you got to bring
this money with you
so you ready no DJ bow and I should the
hold of New York is listening to my
voice you cannot not hear me you cannot
I'm taking over just so subscribe to my
channel subscribe to my channel I'm
going to come back every day on the
radio it's for you guys you better go
download subscribe this is legendary you
know who came here okay James ham here
everyone the thing is Justin Bieber is
actually in New York so he could
potentially be somewhere here but since
he's not I'm gonna pretend this
adjustment Lieber three two one no I'm a
judge honestly the figures our friend
that Justin Bieber by accidentally
walking into him like ten minutes ago so
hopefully I get to walk into him imagine
we go live like they'd kill us right now
like calling like what what's your
you're down Chris Brown and Chris Brown
he painted that peaceful for the station
you know down 97 cool I wouldn't mind it
to my you know like in my deejay room
let's take it let's take it so you
already know we have to pay some salute
to YouTube out here guys that's my next
one this is this is Saiga's next play
button but hot 97 actually have a 1
million subscriber play button this
actually might hit the entire the way
they transmit run and see all these all
these arm oh my god and all these
digital equipments going on just like a
damn hacking sister and then I use like
NASA
yes insane thanks guys there's a lot
going on out here there's a lot going on
Corsa who knows you might just see like
a Justin Bieber walking right now I mean
it's possible you never know you never
know
he isn't sounding ok boy so for now
we're actually heading out your huge
thank you to my man DJ commander for
letting us be here so anytime come down
over here you know touch the turntables
logo with me follow me on instagram on
IG down on my DJ committal Appling your
phone down get your boat pop Izzie I can
tell you guys for now are out cell peace
on the streets
nothing high five man alright so much
fun guys what a way to start your day so
first of all today was the biggest radio
station out here guys now I don't even
know what we're gonna do to top that man
my boy cam metal is gonna be on the
radio within the next three hours so you
said he's gonna shout out the yo your
sweater eyes up we're getting a shout
out at the radio too shall you say
yo-yos got it guys look I love you guys
but I just say bowl blocks but not eyes
we're about to get a shout out on the
radio set it up you can solve
ultra-violet recommences whooping how
many sentimental let's go my boy better
shot eh on the radio yeah shout out on
my leg surprise you ready go he makes
everything happen happen the guy next up
I want to be on the Billboard side okay
boy so now that we're done with all of
the radio stuff today I want to be doing
a challenge for you guys in New York
basically I want to see if we can buy
yourself a whole outfit but we're going
to be able to budget we only get to
spend $1,000 guys so first story
cultures like love they have some insane
sneakers so let's go check it out let's
go
hi guys - check it out right now we're
inside the sneaker store and honestly I
think we're going to struggle on this
budget guys like the shoes I want to buy
personally are these and these are 10
grand over here yes you heard me guys so
we just finished up in the first store
right now the thing is the shoes I want
are super expensive like our Yeezys and
they're all over $2,000 budget so we're
gonna go look around a bit more guys and
hopefully we can find like a proper
outfit so let's go so the thing is I
don't actually want to buy myself
adorable outfit guys I want to go a
little bit funky so we've come over to
the costume store yeah oh my goodness
guys where the hell are we looking as a
so this make the work great again thank
you Mike relax guys I found Donald Trump
how are they tell them I'm good because
what we need to do is we need to build a
wall a brick wall should them rain drop
drop drop stop smoking no cook in the
hotbox oh my god hahaha I think we found
this so I never introduced Stephanie is
back on today's video guys so here she
is she's helping us find an outfit today
listen guys she's gonna be our personal
shopper for today okay I thought I've
seen it all but I guess not that bad if
you on your diet as I said yes if that's
what you want me to look like at the end
of this diet then I don't think you're
the right gym partner you know what I
think we have to change the challenge
guys instead of buying normal clothes
we're doing $1,000 costume shopping
trips so this is everything I bought so
far I don't think you actually news
Donald Trump has his own no
Donald Trump currency okay so the first
purchase has been made guys a hundred
dollars in the costume store rewind okay
boys you know what I've actually changed
the rules to the game today basically
instead of me styling myself stephanie
is going to be styling me today so the
challenge is on her guys if I look bad
you guys have to just roast her in the
conversation
and if I look good then you can
subscribe guys so I just went on okay
fine why am I too big you know I don't
think she knows what I like she's making
the craziest things ever you know what
it is okay pick anything you think will
look nice on the eye I mean it's
different it's not for me to judge
they're judging okay
no II know I'm it's you edgier I'm not
gonna call it or anything so hard to
shop for me I find your side okay so
about half an hour later guys stephanie
has gone completely crazy as she's got
me about 10 outfits guys so we're going
to try them on I see which ones that's
right this is outfit number one look at
this look at this okay this is going
wrong I know which we got the wrong size
is my fault guys we're going to change
and we'll see I go I'm sorry guys so
this is outfit number one that
definitely got what you do
oh wait what's underlay I love it I my
fav with Uncle Jesse did a good job
adopting this one's a good one you get
plus point specific alpha number one
with dress number two no this is my
second outfit what do you think look at
fun hey guys so he's coming out with
alpha number three yes I told you I
believe this definition so I'm going to
be sure everything's okay black easy ah
you're so evil I think we're done with
the Chinese Stephanie people right
that's my mom Stephanie without okay
well there you go boys this is what I'm
gonna be buying guys apparently there's
a lot of nice stuff at the store guys
and I think it's all going to come out
to like a hundred dollars which is crazy
so we did it boys Thanks Oh surely I can
get to only my high so now that we're
done doing some shopping guys you
actually come over to a very famous
restaurant this place has been open for
over a hundred years basically guys
we're here to eat some food and they
have like the nicest beef you're ever
going to try if you thought that soul
thing was good like these guys on
another level or check this out guys
whoo oh my God look at that sandwich
right there so check it out boys this is
the sandwich I got my boy let's cross
over here so we'll be in Katz's
delicatessen
they've been open for over a hundred
years 1888 I believe every famous
persons vineyard
Oh tennis tennis tennis truck over there
those probably go quacking the Lower
East Side New York Wow guys we're about
to eat
they said they have everybody now they
have both no chairs no I'm on the water
okay so right now we just finished eat
off you guys but I want to show you a
couple of famous people that I've eaten
here like they have big names like
personal I want to show you the man
himself Adam Sandler guys check it out
so he was over here anyways was for now
we're heading out you're really really
cool place to come to so if you guys are
dude or definitely check it out mo what
are you doing that
okay stop crying
since we're back home I want to show you
guys the things I bought today so the
first thing is this I actually looks
funny guys $25 for a crying baby lawsuit
who you just dont done the thing is I
should have something really really cool
basically they had these limited edition
Donald Trump dollars guys yes look at
this yo guys that is insane like could
you imagine Donald Trump's face being on
dollar bills guys like that's like on
another level right there anyways as you
can see on the back you also says number
45 because he's the 45th president guys
but yo alright they scammed me they just
doesn't like get you done the right guys
what the hell is this
what anyways voice this is all I wanted
to show you honestly I thought it'd be
way cooler but basically when you flick
it it becomes extra long like Sam whoa
okay so this hit you guys I got a light
for me oh okay
I guess you will have to like the video
no more today actually had a stylist and
I must admit it doesn't really look bad
look at this
yeah no pictures just change the socks
everything is but I have a wash my socks
for one week now so yes I'm sure hope
you're wondering why we're actually in
America honestly speaking I don't know
that like the reason I came was cuz
they're like a free flight cordials I
know I guess I did tell you guys I'm
feeling a little bit craving towards
food right now guys it's 1:00 a.m. but I
have to quickly come and get a hotdog
check it out there it is thank you oh
yeah okay and Eckhart is you want some
bro you're on so it looks good it looks
good I just feed it back over to the
hotel room it's like 2:00 a.m. I don't
want to make too much noise in case like
the other rooms get disturbed or
whatever so I'm gonna wrap up today's
mochi I hope you've enjoyed if you have
guys make sure to subscribe I'll try to
do my best when it comes to giving back
to you guys this much so you guys know
I'm giving away a MacBook Pro this month
if you guys want to win make sure to
subscribe down below by the way before I
say goodbye to tomorrow's vlog is gonna
be crazy guys we actually have a car
event in New York a car event guys and
the cars coming are like insane lashes
it's literally rich kids of New York
guys so stay tuned until tomorrow car
way so yeah guys I love you all and I'll
see you guys dead Yolo Yolo
