oh I get it suit us together ok 3 2 1
yeah everyone what is that good morning
Oh welcome to another vlog so today I'm
putting my mum on the vlog because
honestly if you guys don't know my mum
still doesn't speak that much on the
vlog so we're trying to get her to speak
so say what's up to the bloke today
hello hello yeah I'm gonna have some
breakfast right now so I'll see you guys
in a bit
please food food food food okay you know
it's really weird guys inside our fridge
we actually have some medical stuff in
the corner for my grandma look at that
this is something to do with her like
blood pressure it just it kind of puts
me off eating food knowing that that's
there anyways no I think I think I'm
gonna pass for now yo our voice Oh today
is actually an extremely exciting day
now let me tell you why basically my boy
sigan is back in town yes mr.
billionaire is back very basically guys
in the past two weeks she's been gone
travelling doing some business stuff and
he's finally back today and he's picking
up his brand-new car yeah guys you ready
now man when a billionaire goes car
shopping you can't go wrong so today I'm
gonna finally reveal to you his new car
and let's go let's see what it is yeah
bye boys check it out we finally made it
over to my man sided and today he's
picking up his brand new car I didn't
tell you what it is he actually went and
got a rolled gray string basically sigan
when I bought the same car as me just a
little bit better just a little bit
better ok let's little bit ok I think it
came out really nice the thing is guys
he actually customized it so I'm not
sure if you guys can see the middle
section is matte black I'm here comes
the baby guys who elected combination to
come bitches oh my goodness and here is
voice there is the beauty as you can see
right next to my rolls-royce whoa what a
car what a car
so as most as this is my actually my car
but I'm going to give it as a gift but
anyway have a look inside and he's going
to teach your home high voice so right
now we're going to take you on to the
interior of the car this thing is
beautiful Wow Wow
down as you can see guys roast race over
here we got the starlight this thing is
just amazing like ahh guys I wanna be
honest like he had to just outdo me like
you had to like just go on up you see
this is why I don't like you bro this is
rough anyway
it's a good thing is I did tell you it's
Saiga's new car but it's not actually
going to be his he's gifting it to
somebody so yeah this is my car you
giving me a gift no no hi boys now you
know we're a gang out here we got the
black girl story got the line Rolls
Royce gang gang let's go alright anyways
boys as you can see right now he quickly
came inside the showroom and finally got
the documents of the car so it's
official psychic or this new car anyways
the thing is now since that guys we're
going to spend some quality time to each
other do you want to hear my new song
buzzer it's actually a banger I swear
you're going to change your mind okay
all right guys it's like it's reaction
to my song all right no it doesn't
matter there's honor tude it's nice okay
yes guys it assessment is be better than
the other it's a weight British the
banger you call you comparing my vocal
coach she helped you write boy it wasn't
the vocal coaching I may be a little bit
a lot of developers there's a lot of
developers for how long you can have
this before you gift it off leave just
another holiday maybe were giving you
away in an hour where you're giving the
car away in one hour
whoever's getting the gift this was my
car but I'm allowing him to gift it to
you and you know who you are gay you
know who you are
yo are boys so right now I just met it
very erotic
he's so awesome on if you let him told
you so what's up I don't see you tell
them how good you're feeling right now
so check it out right now I just came to
say hi to my girl gem basically guys
she's trying to make me get these
limited shoes they have again so what
are they
these are EMT pack DMP pack basically
guys there's something designed with
Ferrari it's a really cool fact that
they have going on and if you guys look
where's the hologram I guess that one
all right guys check this out it has a
really cool hologram inside that says 98
Wow my favorite thing about this is the
Box guys that's the coolest thing
anyways you already know I just came to
say what's up to gem so yonder yellow
gem say what's up to your friend okay
Jordan sorry
why are you plugging in my mouth like
are you really advertising my blog
window shopper you're looking at me that
avoids the disease right now be inspired
quickly came to look around the mall but
I wouldn't let you know why he's wearing
sunglasses inside again yeah the lost
his mind he hasn't gone crazy or
anything the thing is my kids actually
had an eye surgery so one of his eyes is
a little bit wonky right now hey guys
BAM oh my god this salad when you see
guys look at that oh my goodness dill
it's getting better basically guys it
looks like he's closing his eyes but
it's messed up but he's not doing enough
or Josiah guys basically yet eye surgery
on his other eye a couple months back
and now he's done the other one so
thankfully all went good and stuff like
that and like one week he should look
normal again okay so no more sunglasses
g8 trying to flex okay this is a medical
reason again I'm basically guys right
now we're taking you somewhere special
sigan has been invited to have his own
special parking in the mall okay I don't
know how it's going to look like it
might just look like a normal parking
but probably there probably is an olive
are you amazingly its VIP so we're gonna
go check it out together on the blog
guys oh my god our voice so we just made
it here and this is fancier than I
expected
what
and nice lounge yo this is crazy bro
you only get invited per person so I
can't even use Uyghur the name like this
is savage out here no I'm not going to
live this is one fancy party over here
anyways the thing is apparently were not
on the right floor guys so yeah that
wasn't the one I gave super fancy but I
think the one we're going to is on
another level throw what the hell bro
what the hell what happened to the red
carpet here is the Zygon park welcome to
exclusivity right here boy it is like
they've closed it up for you ah here it
is guys reserved parking right this is
nothing like nothing on what the hell if
they give it here what the hell is good
thank you
hey you know what I haven't seen it's
better than nothing okay it's not the
red carpet but it still change so we're
getting there oh oh I wants to check it
out you already know right now we're
backing the rolls-royce you might be
wondering who's driving don't worry
don't worry guys okay I'm just saying
anyways guys basically right now we're
going to head over to my car I'm gonna
say goodbye to side you for an hour so
if we can make it because there's no
fuel in the car honestly that it's
actually empty so and we are stuck in
the road I mean it just makes a better
blog for me guys that's it so yeah guys
hopefully I'll see you guys once we're
on the side of the road right Pisan next
thing you know a few moments later a few
moments later
yo our voice I finally made it home
right now
the thing is I just want to say I don't
know why I know the frigate spinner
trend has died down right now
but is she's so satisfying to stare at
biggerson's
anyways you know what else is satisfying
to watch guys I've been watching videos
of people ripping their swimming pools
yes and just to show you how satisfying
is I'm going to watch it with you guys
and let me know what you think gay I
don't know why I find it super
satisfying guys so let's react to pools
popping I know this is a big one what
and he goes I think I stole my bad side
and ended up getting his new car today
and I will be honest I'm actually kind
of jealous again I know I know listen
basically guys I want to buy a new car
too
okay I know that's weird and I know as
soon as he gets a call I want a car but
honestly I feel like it's time I got
another super car in the family because
you guys know I love Stephanie my
Ferrari when I had the Ferrari it was
just so fun and I just don't have that
anymore like I can't just go out and
have fun with the rolls-royce like it's
an amazing car but it makes no noise if
you know what I'm trying to say guys
okay so yeah guys I'm probably gonna end
up starting doing some car shopping
again I don't know when I'll end up
buying a car but hopefully within the
next month
I want something guys so I need to go to
the bank and try and like you know sort
out some my guys I need a big loan like
I I'm in debt I'm in debt by just all
jokes aside I'm gonna try to figure
something out guys but yeah for now
I'm just going to continue thinking
about my life right now guys anyways as
always I'm going to wrap up today's look
here guys so make sure to slap a like
button
slap a like button on today's video and
let me know what car you guys want to
see me buying car shopping with mo is
back in action baby bear guys as always
I love you guys we'll click here to
subscribe click here to watch my last
video yah yah Leona OH
