oh this turn will champion the contract
oh I got dog yeah you everyone good
morning and welcome back to another vlog
so another day in America alone but
today I'm starting the vlog out with my
sister yo as you can see guys we're on
skype right now and while I've been in
America I've only been here for like a
day guys and she's went and bought a
guitar she's learning she's learning
anyways what is not everybody how are
you doing yesterday I slept at 4 a.m. in
the morning so I'm super super tired and
I just have to spoil myself a little bit
look what they brought to the room Oh
yo this is is a but yeah guys for now we
say peace at Solano she's gonna head out
yourself
bye Lana yeah hey Lana
anyways boys dogs I finished high my
breakfast I'm going to quickly change up
because we have a ton of things we need
to do today so yeah let's go have a
crazy thing worried America by the way I
never showed you the new shoes I bought
found oh yeah so I'm gonna wear these
bad boys today and we're gonna look
swell Isha's let's do this good morning
your right to go to another blow yo yo
yo yo my man V what is uh-oh
our voice Oh check it out right now we
just made it into New York as you can
see the cars are everywhere guys we're
walking on the road like a thug right
now but good luck life out here anyways
today's plan is we're actually going to
visit Donald Trump
what kind of okay so it's kind of guys
basically we're actually going to be
going to the Trump Tower guys so maybe
you'll be there Northshore because
apparently does visit sometimes
but it's highly unlikely again what are
you going to plug it up though is
tonight yeah well always friendly to
your fans that's so nice you risk your
life for your friends yo I literally ran
in the middle of the road while the
light was green to take your selfie
right now at Seoul I'm okay your
girlfriend this is the most
nerve-wracking thing ever
we're entering the Trump Tower
so right now we're officially inside the
Trump Tower guys I'm not gonna lie this
place is fancy like super super fancy
check it out yo this is insane guys the
amount of security here is insane look
another police officer like they're
everywhere like literally everywhere
we're just going up and up until we find
Trump of light Donald Trump Donald Tsang
Magnum sigan does have a meeting with
Donald Trump you wait outside of oh wait
outside guys but I will get a picture
with him after so if you see like a
thumbnail of me and him it's not
clickbait it actually happened yeah
you're gonna put your head like my phone
yeah my head on your body I prescience
we offer the meeting a few moments later
you might gain 10,000 subscribers but
government orders Secret Service Secret
Service Secret Service look at that
machine gun down it was right you could
have been killed right here
move those whose bat movements I wonder
what if you do like go towards them you
want to know variables the cameras Milo
just until it is doing just walk um all
right three two one
looks like shake is if you like nervous
Lucas everyone got nervous look at the
backpack looks really suspicious okay so
I'm not sure if you guys know this
there's actually two entrances to the
Trump Tower and the one over here this
is where Donald Trump comes when he
actually visits this place and if you
can see they've barricaded this whole
place up so nothing can get through here
except him like that's insane
so my man V always says the best things
in New York are pretzel so these quickly
grabbing one over here checking around v
Nick's gotta go okay I'm not sure if
this supposed to be normal guys but I
smell a lot of weed right now / not a
lot of weed over there a lot Hortis is
the house I is there legal yes
definitely illegal
as I'm snitching I'm snitching right now
we've come to do a little bit of clothes
shopping guys you come to another area
cool Soho Soho so like we're in the so
hood we're so good my first car spying
in America Joe I don't know why I'm
excited about seeing this but look at
what car they have here a BRABUS hey
guys I feel like in Dubai like nobody
really vlogs these but when you're in
America this is the shit surprise oh we
are an art gallery check it out
oh my god what is that it must be a guy
who has excited okay so Songer stuff
here they have is actually so crazy it's
like insane to look at so over here they
have a Chanel bag inside a glass jar
with a bunch of lollipops
what's that I uses to hold everything in
together but it's not glass glass of
great canvas ah
so if I drop this it shouldn't break it
I don't think you should try a psycho
face where you can do I look nice it
looks good so this is not black if I
break in you see some juice I'm trying
to get look at it it's $20,000 it's okay
buy this for your love it's only nine
and a half this must be the cheapest get
so many less drama to buy it for you a
large nose for the right reason guys are
you ready I actually bumped into two
painting so far guys out all of the bath
the news mother gotta pay the girl a boy
he was like yo Lauren I don't know if
this is art or if this is illegal guys
look at this what is going on in this
abstract art what do you think about the
upside and most of all this pills
everywhere
guys this is this paintings way too much
I'm done man oh my god it gets worse
over here oh my god what the hell okay
guys so marina has a surprise for us
over here
it's pretty big alright let's go check
it out started that whole way you know
what it is made up soap bubble go no way
this is never oh my god don't get too
close to my face is it actually edible
um you know $37,000
I wouldn't try this is the $37,000
bubblegum alligator
Sharon are we like to touch it that's
awesome I would I don't know yeah oh my
god they have the craziest things over
here they warmed it up but not too much
so it smells into each other and then
they press it living it's not hollow
inside no way I'm still so shocked at
the fact that they have a bubblegum
alligator for $37,000 who the hell is
like $30 Logan who the hell to 30,000
Bubblegum's and made an alligator outfit
thank you boys for now we're heading out
here quickly came to show you some art
soul let's go who said bull blog ain't
from the hood okay if you guys watched
yesterday's vlog you should know I am
right now we're back in Times Square
fight fight hey you got spider-man over
here we got the whole super squad yo
mama's bigger than everybody oh yeah I
don't know if you know what's going on
there guys spider-man and Batman were
legit by it takes about a month appear
all over planet
there's the fight
ah no regarding Batman down guys that my
boy he almost no doubt Batman
inches away free tickets god I caught
the vlog I caught them like there's
legit I'll fly about to break out right
there
why no one was acting up Batman witness
and then Hawk wasn't be doing it and
then I'll be the guys they were fighting
and then I think they'd still be
reporting without your mom and or
recording the views I would you say get
I told you this is where everything
crazy goes down but we got my man V over
here
MMA fight don't mess with him gonna see
the base point studies place in a soil I
got drunk like thing flexing flexing I'm
pleased not forwards my Brooklyn yeah
right up your drop what drug oh I got
stuck I don't know what the hell is
going on in New York anymore there's
anything you can imagine happening on
the streets right you're Batman was
fighting spider-man this gigantic in
front of the leaf Charlie either drugs
yo I came boy so it's big guy again boys
Yuri know it's a promise or back at the
juice promoting his channel every day
bro every day we're in an airplane you
can take a shower in the airplane
that's reoww another subscriber right
there oh I got the belt
lefty world champion right in front of
you yeah Oh current world champion oh hi
guys let you see your boy moves lunges
out here in the cage ready for any
context UFC world champion right here I
got my eyes on my next contestant my boy
be my boy you fight you run whoo whoo
thumbnails/thumbnail.png rooms because
we're about to do something crazy so
we're about to wrap my stomach basically
it's a special technique my boy beehives
use so much more weight oh my god
can you breathe I don't know no rep
everything man your neck to five ways is
go time
whoo lightweight 1 million views 2
million views 5 million views
Google deletes the body back to 3
million AdBlocker 1 million
let's get nice nice nice nice hard work
we just finished up with a juicer right
now let's quickly take this off let's
see if you can see a difference re still
the same Brooklyn okay
high raised voice for an hour down the
gym session this is soaking a girl we
got your voice I always want to wrap up
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed if you did smash the like button
bye guys otherwise if you enjoy today's
book go down below and subscribe and as
a wait Jana Jana
