I feel like this is what the rappers
were nowadays fix I meant this jewelry
all the rappers exposed yo yo yo
good morning everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you all doing today
I actually have a very very special idea
for the vlog and honestly this is
probably gonna be one of the hardest
videos ever to make you guys have seen
me do a lot of shopping challenges okay
but today it's gonna be a little bit
different today I'm gonna take $1,000
and I'm gonna buy as much fake stuff as
I can yeah
now the thing is I'm always seeing these
videos where people go and buy like fake
t-shirts and fake Rolexes but today I
thought why not just go all out buying
fake stuff so yeah I'm pretty sure that
this might be illegal I don't know is
this illegal yeah yeah right now me and
my mum are about to go on a fake
shopping spree
oh yeah okay so the most embarrassing
part out of all of this is that we're
going fake Gucci shopping in a Rolls
Royce they're gonna know you're lying
they're gonna know your car
as the lady in a rolls-royce you bought
fake stuff it's time to go fake shopping
and a roast rice let's do this Gucci
Gucci
oh you know here's the thing right now
we are almost at our location now
obviously because we're buying fake
stuff we can't go to a normal mall
because they don't have fake stuff so
we're coming to like the ghetto like you
know the special areas where they have
this stuff so guys it might start
getting a little bit dodgy from here on
out
are you ready mommy damn guys oh we hit
the jackpot
hi guys so right now we have come into
the first store we're checking out and
we have hit the jackpot check this out
BAM oh my god so they have a ton of
supreme bags over here if you can check
this out they even have supreme luggage
like I don't even know if this is
actually a thing or if it's made up guys
so I think I'm gonna get like the
flip-flops and maybe like a backpack
alright so while I was shopping I
actually ran into the fan guys hey guys
he actually is also getting some Hilda
Beth and added to his friend he makes
like fitness videos yeah ok games what
what language was that Arabic maracas
what do you think about my supreme is
this nice and that's cool yeah good
quality ok so right now we just made our
first purchase guys biome you'll boycott
a supreme backpack ok so this is the
first purchase and I also got two more
things so we got the supreme lip balm so
right now we are going around trying our
best to find some stuff guys the thing
is not if the stores will know us for
courtly I don't know why like it's
literally in their displays but I like
no no filming oh my god the parrot
literally just escaped the cage apart
from the fact that they have fake stuff
over here guys they have the coolest
parrots I've ever seen even crazier
there's another pair which is even
bigger this guy is great
so right now I just hit the jackpot
we just got some Gucci guys check this
out BAM so guys oh my god we got the
good stuff we got the good stuff check
this out
hahaha we got it cuz we got the Gucci
I'm not gonna lie this actually looks
really good mommy what do you think nice
right hi so check it out this is the
jumper I ended up getting four now we
are heading out of here everybody is
looking at me cuz I'm screaming guys
that has been fake yo you guys don't
even realize how hard it was doing like
faint shopping guys I it's actually be
stressful anyways damn damn for now we
are officially heading out of here I
bought a ton of stuff I'm gonna show you
everything I got once we're in the car
guys because I honestly it's just super
awkward vlogging here like you just have
a lot of eyes on you but we got some
nice stuff mommy put all the stuff in
there all the fake shopping goes in okay
so once we get home I'm gonna show you
everything we bought properly but I
didn't show you the belts we bought okay
oh my god hey mama
oh yeah yo I know this sounds weird and
I never wear fake stuff but like once
you buy something for cheap you feel
really good about it I know this is fake
Gucci but just because I spent like so
much less on it like I'm in a good mood
so now that we've done all four shopping
I'm going to go to the mall and I'm
gonna wear a fake Gucci in the Gucci
store
yo yo yo yo yo
okay so right now me and my mom are
inside the wall and it is time to go to
the Gucci store okay
guys I'm wearing the fake Gucci I feel
so nervous anyways before we go to the
Gucci store I found something even
better guys you ready for this thank you
wait wait wait what it what is that
Poochie Poochie like I don't you know
Poochie is this this is Poochie right
now there's a Gucci guys oh my god the
Gucci store Oh guys we made it right now
we are inside the Gucci store guys I got
my jumper so far so good nobody's
looking at me mommy mommy
damn damn you buy a Gucci son
probably why are you so shy guys we love
God I think they saw me recording and I
just saw like this security come up to
me and we left my mom was like that's it
let's go let's go now that we're done
with the Gucci shopping and all of that
stuff right now I'm gonna go get a
haircut so we can look good cheap all
right
you get me Gucci Gucci why'd you seem so
sad I'm tired I was recording I had like
a holes of water spraying my face for my
new video now that we're back home we're
gonna unbox all the fake stuff I bought
with Lana okay
did you buy that old men's stuff yeah
yeah I'm gonna buy you anything no stuff
and I got the gold chain and I got the
gold chain first things first you guys
already saw it BAM
the Gucci this hoodie was $100 hang it
up close a person what do you think is a
good fake is it bad
this was $100
now on to number two three two one open
super PAC I never thought and you don't
let me know sir I've never seen a
supreme back so I don't even know I
don't even think this exists
I know I don't even think this exists
what is this oh wait is there is it
broken
oh yes wait what the hell why is this it
broken do the zippers or is it no it's
not a half as if who has half as it like
I do now
ah there we go oh oh my god
this is actually a pretty good quality
bag maybe there is I've never seen it
limited-edition one of one fake this is
kind of the same bone oh yeah oh yeah
yeah that means you're gonna hit
somebody with them hard
oh you're right Rock
do guys these are good these are good
for getting somebody when I was buying
the flip-flops I negotiated in this like
golden chain I feel like this is what
the rappers were nowadays fakes all the
rappers exposed yeah they probably do
wear fakes dude how could you expose
rappers like I don't know what you are
they wear this delivery next up we have
ten
yeah what is this it looks like they
melted some wax onto it what do you mean
it looks like plastic
you know people normally buy fake and
real want to compare and we were just
like we think this is good now it's on
to my final purchase so close your eyes
it's the big boys now oh the Louie
Vuitton belts what you mean you should
stay here now that you've seen
everything it's time to we're all me me
it's time to see the fake mo vlogs let's
go this is my transformation we got the
Louie Vuitton belt play didn't fake it
till you make it and your fake when you
make it we out Galliano
