don't play with me she found this in
your car nobody else is driving your car
okay yo yo everyone what is up good
morning so I'm starting today's vlog off
in the Google offices and I'm here my
good friend how are you all right guys
we're really really quiet yet subscribe
to the channel guys because we're
iGoogle so you have to do that but we're
being quiet because all the offices are
here and I hear somebody coming guys oh
okay
anyways guys this is my good friend
Hannah she makes sure that my YouTube
game is on point for you guys so
subscribe to her why her she's awesome
and guys by the way last time I saw her
since then she's gained some muscles so
she's packing some heat right now yeah
guys for now we're done with our being
your boy is good and yeah behaving well
on YouTube guys so please last thing I
want to show you over here they have
this really cool play button this is
what you get a hundred million subscale
stay tuned ok guys it's just a normal
play with it good morning anyways boys
as you can see right now I just finished
up at Google dyno you guys like your bow
what's happening we know you're up to
something
chill chill everything tuffsy
ok Oh judge aside guys I literally just
came to say hi to my friend Hal over
here talk about some general questions
you know your voice is a youtuber this
is my job anyways guys right now I'm
actually heading over to see my boy
Robbie basically it's the fourth of July
and if you guys don't know that's like
some sort of celebration in America and
my boy Robbie's from America so today
I'm going to be celebrating the 4th of
July
let's go yeah the fourth of July bro and
we getting lit today
who are these the little red I don't
even know what the fourth of July is but
are we about to turn up
I'm Dan Burke handed America Department
our voices before we head out today I'm
going to take my mansion on in an arm
wrestling match okay I got the guns he's
got the guns so that see me talking
three two
he's got a right by our cheating with
your other arm there right on yo I was
right now we're heading out to go do
some stuff I'm Annexure to explain what
just happened right let's do this so
this guy just walk straight past us
right looks all in the front one shield
all right very fancy like checks out the
plate number and then walks off with you
like as I'm um man this what the world
has come to check out the first place
he's actually come today we've come over
to the arcade but I've got a friend okay
basically my man Shaun has no watch on
today I'm gonna get him at least three
all right guys we're going to bring my
boys right I want to keep sending them
that's that idea yeah don't do that
to anyone
hahaha go to one watch now
my boy new Rolex on my boy Shawn yo that
slit boys that's lit dears on you bring
it on them yes but it fits perfect have
anything better I styled gold you got
there you got the teal damn bro we out
your man again yeah I only get my voice
event okay so today I want to teach you
guys a lesson in case Shawn is way
stronger than me but I think I can punch
harder all right you think that bad
so hi boys we're gonna see the size
matter when it comes to punching oh my
god whoa please Oh
ha ha I won on this machine Sean won
another one in traceability with Romney
broke his rib my wrists are in here oh
god he broke his wrist
I wish to check it out right now you've
actually covered to one of shorter
Robby's friends houses where they're
celebrating the fourth of July but I
just came up with a genius prank so I
saw somebody has left a packet of
cigarettes on the table I'm going to
take this home and prank my sister to
think that she thought I'm out like
smoking or something I so hopefully this
goes well yeah I don't think my sister's
gonna be too happy about that all right
my voice I just made it home right now
and it's prank time so basically to make
this prank believable my mum is in on it
with me what she's going to do is she's
going to go tell my sister that she
found a pack of cigarettes in my car and
then they're going to come and confront
me about it so let's see how this goes
guys I've hidden the camera light behind
my t-shirt guys I it looks like there's
clothes hanging on the chair so
hopefully she doesn't get that it's a
prank okay
let's see how this goes guys a few
moments later my don't play with me
she found this in your car know someone
well I was in your caramel
I love the voice baby okay stop it
excuses it definitely need to talk to
the last don't mind I am going through
something now I don't know about this
this is not the way nobody else is
driving your car okay I am sure you
don't take a cigarette packet and put it
on your side okay someone that dropped
it wasn't on the floor but this is on
your side I don't want to go I don't
know
also competition you see I got money
more involved money balls a prankster
man she made you believe you got played
I guess this is all right anyways all
you guys to smash the like button for
the prank I did Moe blogs with best
pranksters in the league in the league
in the luge anyways I just want to say
I'm the best prankster guys make sure to
LIKE the video right now cuz your boys
are savage out here yo I'm voices before
in today's video I actually taught you
guys about a couple of things I'm super
excited about soul tomorrow there's like
three really amazing things happening
okay so number one I'm getting the keys
to my apartment which I bought okay
basically guys you guys saw that one
week ago I bought an apartment but I
never showed you anything until now
basically there are tenants in the
apartment until yesterday and now I'm
getting the keys to an empty apartment
so yeah secondly my Mustang is finally
wrapped and ready to be revealed guys so
that's also super awesome
and finally after about two months I'm
meeting all my boys on Ron Carrie
Manhattan so tomorrow's gonna be late
let's just say that so yes tomorrow's
going to be a super exciting I don't
forget to come back then anyways I'm
super tired guys I literally I know we
didn't love much our friends house but
we were having a 4th of July party
yeah okay a little like a little
barbecue guys I just had some chicken
wings oh yeah guys I'm super hungry
right now it's late at night and I feel
cheeky whoo
Oh ice cream ah chocolate ah ah guys
this is like you know what I'm not gonna
have anything Edward we're gonna stick
to the diet wifed but anyways guys as
always I love you guys so so much if you
did enjoy today's video make sure to
smash the like button literally to smash
yeah this is click the down light button
idea don't forget to subscribe to the
channel
oh yeah guys I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow Yolo Yolo
