I'm sorry on an airplane taking a shower
yeah
good morning mo blogs um I was about to
leave you only slept two hours guys oh
thank god mommy bye ah I'm not getting
me tissues it oh I'm getting my tissues
ready we're good to go guys are you
cleaned up boogers angry guys they're
doing a super super awesome day I'm
actually flying first class I'll see you
guys are there for ya I'm sure you need
your camera bro do you doctor hi guys
see you soon I'm not gonna lie if you're
super weird saying goodbye to my family
today bye
as I said this is actually probably the
first time I'm traveling with nobody so
it's kind of nerve-wracking
okay so I'm not sure how many if you
guys remember the last time we were here
and I went on business class this time
BAM
we finally made it guys good old days
guys good old days last time I was here
I was over there in the business class
lounge but this time I'm taking you
somewhere special BAM or going inside
the first-class lounge guys okay so
check it out boys as you just saw right
now I'm in the first cloth lounge this
I'm here I actually want to show you
guys a couple of cool things about this
place first things first I'm having my
breakfast over here check it out oh guys
when it comes to breakfast over here
they spoil you so much so they brought
me some croissants some jams all these
are my stars oh wow thank you so much
Wow guys look at this baby gummies on
fruit right now let's pick our breakfast
right now oh oh I actually get like a
whole menu for this
so I'm not sure how else to put this
guy's but I'm pretty sure today is one
of the best days of my life apart from
the fact that I'm going to be boarding a
first-class flight in the next hour I
want to show you guys something even
cooler so I quickly came over to the
magazine stand they have over here and
there's actually something very special
over here guys the Arabian Business
Magazine this is the top 100 most
influential people in Dubai guys and
guess who's in there your boy your boy
your boy Balrog I think it's safe to say
I made it I don't know how to tell you
guys how happy I am right now but just
because I'm having such an amazing day
you know what this is super random I'm
going to do a giveaway for you guys that
is how happy I am right now so I'm gonna
go buy a MacBook Pro so if you guys want
to win a brand-new MacBook Pro subscribe
to the channel and let me know why you
want to win it okay just comment down
below and yeah I hope you guys enjoy it
so it's officially time for me to head
on to my flight let's go and I guess I'm
going to be seeing guys once I get to
London I don't know if I'm supposed to
be super excited right now or super sad
at the fact that I'm alone guys but I
think I'm super excited all right guys I
check it out right now I just made it
onto the flight and this is what it
looks like I'm Sam
so if you guys could see that this is my
TV then you get a really really cool
mirror over here with life and then even
cooler guys oh yeah the Emirates writing
kids I'm sure you guys have seen this
and other vlogs before guys but in case
you need to write you have this yeah
okay guys the waddles on the flag met
this older lady Lorraine and she just
found out about my youtube counsel say
what's up and now she's gonna be on the
vlog guys awesome
thank you so much
so I know you guys have seen this before
on other people's blogs but this is like
favorite thing about first love
yeah
sliding doors
yo guys check it out you have your own
private room
oh yeah just in case you get hungry on
the flight down oh yeah okay so I know
look if you are wondering where is the
remote control for the TV guys one
actually has a very special remote they
give you an iPad yo guys check it out Oh
what what just happened I just I just
broke the remote I think good this is
actually the remote for the TV and
everything else okay boys right now I
just wanna thank you for the booth that
they have a look like guys and they have
not the most interesting things you're
ever going to see the Bloody Mary the
rusty nail what the hell is going on
okay boy so right now I quickly got my
pajamas so I'm gonna go to the bathroom
and change yeah guys look at this
I guess I'm pretty sure all of you
haven't seen the bathroom they have in
first block this is not just the
bathroom this is a damn house all right
guys as you can see this is what the
bathroom looks like you have literally
everything you could want guys so you
got a nail filer over here a shaving kit
a comb a shower cap are you kidding
is it I was time to change it
oh I actually used to have some Emmert
the Dahmer but they've actually
completely changed the way they look
like what is this thing around your neck
oh god I think this is low you can
actually keep your neck warm so not bad
one more thing that absolutely crazy
the floors are heated guys like my feet
are actually hot right now and this
flight actually has a shower on board
guys
holy moly anyways guys I'm coming back
later to take my shower but for now I'm
going to go a tax receipt let's go
the best thing about machines on this
flight they turn into a bed
oh this is the coolest thing ever guy I
take it on of ye
I just woke up from a 3-hour nap we're
going to be landing in the next two
hours so I'm gonna quickly out my
breakfast and then I'm going to go take
a shower
our boys I think it's time I made my bed
back into a chair right now so yeah now
that is much better
all right breakfast is served guys I
don't normally write anything down guys
since they do have a writing kid you
might as well make some piece of the
riser all right writing kit coming out
whoo I love the fact that every piece of
paper has the ever slow got it look at
that
what oh yeah you know what I'm probably
gonna take this home right now this is
that's what I'm gonna do so it's not
stealing guys it's not meaning they've
left it there for you to take I couldn't
to show you guys the headsets they give
you on this light I came to watch a
movie and I kid you not
these are
I've ever seen guys check it out for
yourselves you ready for this guy's bang
out what noise cancelling headphones
they're actually wooded guys
these are wooded headphones I'm going to
keep these as low or takes them home
look at this okay boy so this is the
most anticipated moment on the waiting
for right now
I'm about to go and take a shower on the
flight guys so without further ado let's
go and let's look up guys alright
alright alright
Oh oh my god this is their ranking you
gotta do what you gotta do
I don't think you guys like how it may
be due I'm sorry on an airplane taking a
shower yeah that was amazing I
previously human shower right now
I actually feel amazing that's how I
feel anyway as you can see a breathing
guys good idea I'm going to go dry
myself that was amazing and and your boy
finished with one and a half minute
suspect so now that I'm taking my shower
guys there's one last thing I have to
show you they even have a hairdryer on
board hairdryer oh yeah no I was I just
made it in London as you can see I'm
actually going to wrap up today's vlog
here I hope you have enjoyed if you did
guys smash the like button go down below
and subscribe
tomorrow's vlog is actually going to be
crazy again guys cuz I actually have a
flight in five hours
and it's gonna be with sigan on his
private jet yeah yeah so who would stay
tuned for that guys I love you and for
now I'll see you guys tomorrow
jolly Olli Oh
