yo yo guys welcome to another vlog so
today we have Rosie and we're about to
give her a shower guys so let's go
Rosie Oh Meenu I need you here
oh yeah oh yeah we need that now there
you go that's my Rosie
anyways boys welcome to another day in
my life saving dogs rescuing cats
already know is that somehow they just
find us we don't find them guys whoo
holy moly want to start to edition boys
anyways now that the dogs taking a
shower guys let's continue the rest of
the day honestly I feel like I have a
kid guy back feel like I'm a parent
because this dog has been talking
everywhere this morning it's crazy
Oh guys look he pooped over in here and
if you can see that brown stain that's
his poop anyways guys there you go this
is the life of a dog owner I'm just
saying guys if you want to get a dog
make sure you're a responsible human
being okay
not like me this is my son
blow off the rice thank you I just want
to say I know that's only like eight
lines but I'm super proud of the song we
made that day like I'm voting in a play
every day about my intro something I
don't know our voice so the first place
I came to today is duels on wheels now I
have a special car I want to show you
but before I show you it check out what
they have going on here so basically I
think this Rolls Royce is being sent out
to its new owner
but honestly one of the best feelings is
getting delivery of your car on a
delivery truck right it just it makes it
special for some reason anyway that's a
beautiful car guys now it's time for me
to show you something special all right
I'm gonna be driving am a box are boys
to check it out right now I'm inside the
maybach 62 and as you can see this car
is a beast that has one of the biggest
spaces for your legs ever the legroom on
this car is insane so right now if you
guys can see I'm in the back this car is
beautiful and today I'm gonna show you
what this beast can do all right okay so
first things first this car has a
curtain you can actually pull your
current if you don't want people to look
at you they're like now I don't have
time
so before I show you all of the features
this car has everything is actually
controlled from here guys Bangor with
the presence of button that the whole
back section becomes dark yeah as you
can see when the sunroof and down you
can't see anything and it kind of
becomes like this really cool like
mysterious back area but even cooler you
can actually pull up a section between
whoever's driving the car and whoever
sitting in the back guys right and check
this out
damn whoa basically there's something
special about this gloss where he has
like a blur feature guys what what are
you guys that is not editing that is
actually real-life guys you can have
normal glass in between and then at the
press of a button it blurs out I swear I
don't know what technology Maybach is
using that is spooky look at it look at
that guy's
what oh boy yeah guys all the north's
super luxurious car the coolest thing I
needed to show you was that gloss
feature cuz I don't know what technology
they're using but this just doesn't make
sense like this just oh that's crazy
guys I'm just going to wave my hand so
you can see this is real I'm not editing
anything like this is happening in front
of us right now
now let's go out and enjoy the rest of
the day our boys anyways not only seen
the Maybach basically me and my friend
actually came around this area to do
some walking it's funny because I've
actually never been here they have such
a cool lake and the environment over
here is really nice I look at the
buildings they have down that's awesome
but yeah guys anyways we just came to
chill and check out the car I always
love checking out cars that have cool
features and that is one of the coolest
features are seen so now that I'm back
in the Maybach guys I want to say one
thing that makes these cars extremely
special they've actually stopped
producing me so it's really really hard
to get your hands on a Maybach like this
and everything in this car is built to
like a phenomenal level now if you guys
check out the front over here the whole
console over here is wooden and the
finishing on this car is like perfect
it's super perfect big eyes super
awesome car so I show you around I love
everything about it especially the logo
if you guys can see that and yeah this
is just one of those bowls cars down Sun
now I'm sure a lot of you have seen
videos on Maybachs before the legroom in
these cars is insane it's on another
level guys I'm going to come in the
front just to show you so as you can see
this is the back area guys look at that
all that legroom over here I don't think
you guys realize how much room is in the
back over here so right now this is the
normal way and then this is how you
extend
oh my mom just called me she has no idea
mommy I'm in a Maybach right now oh my
god yeah I'm rich
I made it mom I made it hi mommy I need
to record the Maybach they're gonna take
it back last thing about this is the TV
oh yeah anyways now that I'm done we're
actually heading out to play football so
yeah let's go play some football guys
you're our boy so we just made it over
to where we're playing football and I
know you're probably wondering when the
hell are you basically in Dubai we have
like football pitches in warehouses guys
so yeah it's just a thing it's a thing
over here guys anyways let's go let's go
let's go
time to play some football oh yeah hi
boys so right now we're actually going
to be playing a crossbar challenge game
basically it's going to be me versus my
friend Mohammad versus Mehmet and
basically we're going to have five shots
each to hit the crossbar whoever hits it
the most times wins the game so we're
going to start off with Mohammed
you
as I hid that was a hit
whoo mama's got one guys can we beat him
next up we go Matt Matt what do you
think about it Shore everyone oh that's
it we've lost the river long two guys
that's it that way oh no pressure this
could be a game-winning hit oh I - that
was a good try hi guys it's my turn if I
beat you I win so things that need to be
my school needed everyone
why
come on Lee let's go alright guys this
is the finale
let's go 1v1 me versus in it oh no
pressure no pressure
I'll get moldy I think I've lost Oh
mommy what do you think do I have a
chance Oh guys I don't even think I said
I might embarrass myself right now oh my
god somehow I am still in this if I hit
three then I can continue do you think
you're gonna do it guys I'm sorry to say
I don't think I can but I believe
alright I think you're gonna do it
alright come on
alright alright
oh my god alright
oh hi guys you know what we're gonna
cool it a draw I can actually I'm gonna
cut it thank you thank you siding
bursting first now we can all win
together
I was a little around today's look you
are super super tired
honestly I'm unfit like I haven't been
exercising for a while so when I played
that football match I was dead anyways
tomorrow I'm not going to be picking a
ton of the giveaway winners so guys
today's your last day if you want to
enter to win my giveaways of a MacBook
and an HP printer and some fidgets
spinners a ton of giveaways I announced
this month and I have to give them all
away
today's you lost a substitute is your
last day to subscribe so make sure you
do so anyways as always I love you guys
all make sure to click here to subscribe
here to watch my last video and good
luck everybody
yeah Leon oh boy
