yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today's look we're going
to start out a little bit different
basically me and my sister are heading
over to the desert but there's a special
reason for her okay basically I bought
something new which is really cool and
I'm gonna go test it out so I'll see you
guys once we get to the desert a few
moments later there's a baby pop yet we
found on the road a baby puppy
yo I can't believe we just found this
guy oh my gosh okay oh my god right now
we're literally on our way to go to the
desert and I saw this dog I gave up the
road we need to take him home and we're
not actually about to get hit by a car I
know
alright let's go that's collaborative
with my car yeah you know I swear this
is the craziest thing ever if you can
see that I literally just stopped my car
in the middle of the road oh my god guys
we found a puppy oh my gosh yo oh
alright okay yo you better take him home
quickly yeah I'm gonna go take him home
softer you guys I wanted a sausage
I couldn't put all my friends down I
need to get in my car my doors open okay
I have no idea how this always happens
to me I somehow always find stranded
dogs and cats and animals you're right
buddy you're good oh I want to keep them
so bad oh my God look at you dad look at
me
I swear what he's doing he's the best
trade drunk ever look at him look at him
he's just sitting on the feet oh my God
look at your doggy what you got there
the whole ride on you're kidding
who's a good boy oh oh
his legs are us oh my gosh I think maybe
he got hit by a car I don't care what
other plan we had today everything is
getting packed excited you're gonna be
my guard dog
I'm gonna be my guard dog he likes me
because I know negative look at his
little guys I think he thinks I see it
is rust away I was behind him and I saw
my brother slow down well I got scared I
thought you hit that car in Frankie and
I was like struggle I saw this little
thing moving next to an alibi wise a cat
like in the middle of the road not
moving and I noticed it's got a tail
like this and all oh my god he is so
lucky we've managed to find a kid he was
about to get run over what we're going
to do is take him to a vet and find if
you've got a microchip
so we can identify him right I somehow
got a dog without wanting a job
thanks I don't want my dad oh you are
very good either sausage or caramel
Rises you have to plug it I'll get my my
what the hell you're lucky the goodbye
kick pineapple oh I've become such a
pretty game that's the oh he's going
wild all right
okay so the thing is we don't have dog
food for him and I'm scared to feed them
anything else in case you get sick so
right now we're quickly gonna go buy
some dog food and come back oh yeah yeah
yeah come in come in come in listen
you're going to be cooled sausage if we
don't find your own yourself
we found a sausage on the road okay guys
so my brother is trying to give him some
water I think he might be thirsty
oh I neg ative oh you thirsty he can
remind you bubbles Oh guys I'm kidding
ya papi I just found some water yeah can
he like constantly like breathing
heavily oh you thirsty
no okay so right now my sister quickly
went into store to buy some dog food but
honestly I have no idea what to do with
this guy like he's so adorable
but we have two cats guys she's coming
she's coming
gonca yeah you got the food cuz I'm not
sure what do you like he's hungry he's
hungry oh my god
oh my god uh-oh
boys you hungry hey take it easy take it
easy
there we go we finished oh my god Wow 20
for them okay don't put it in a tray
don't put a miniature I've never seen a
dog dis small eat so far alright guys so
I just made a quick call to a vet center
near our area and basically we can take
the doggie down there and they'll scan
it to see if it belongs to someone if it
has a chicken I said hopefully we can
find the owner and if not then we have
to keep the dog playing time we have we
had to do something
anyways let's take you to the vet guys
and see what's up
and let's go alright sausage hopefully
we find your owners oh my god we got a
special song for you guys
all right we made it
and there we go we got it is the other
side taking my dog to the vet okay guys
how the hell did I get a Dutch physicist
honestly I hope we find its owner
because it's not that's a whole other
story
all right we're getting of scattering oh
oh okay okay thank you baby don't worry
I'll check guys better not you oh my god
wait nothing
yeah nothing no how do you know it's a
girl we can't call them laughing okay so
now we're heading off home guys oh we're
going to say goodbye to the vet nobody
much buddy nobody man let's go for now
we're gonna go back home guys you have
to get along with dogs or other cat he
might get jealous come to think of it
you're gonna get run over
we're gonna name her Rosie Rosie Rosie
the kidney
Rosie's oh no that means one thing she's
gonna be part of the lowness but ah hey
buddy
Rosie Rosie if you moment later yeah we
just came here and check out the
stimulator this is crazy guys I swear
this is the most aggressive simulator
I've seen in my entire Lana
taking on the Turkish ice cream man
let's go Oh
I am the wonder what your condo Nina
doesn't get respect upon estranged our
boy so my sister finally got our ice
cream you know what's special about this
ice cream it's super stretchy buy into
it by and stretch it by and stretch we
both ended up getting one is so yummy by
the way guys shout out to this yoga
school I just read it right now and I
actually met him a couple months back
and look at a screen saver right now
that's me and him in the mall anyways
dab on them haters guys yellow yellow
please I think I need to go into your
spot I think I need a trainer the
trainer yeah
bubbly girl I need a trainer now like I
strap in the back of my phone
like I used dollars to give me free
training front row they beat you up you
just don't exist don't lie don't lie my
turn I want to work so hard I can waste
no time
run it up guys quick eight bars in there
and it was fired
I've wasted super early at night right
now we just go home and I want to show
you guys my god dog bang I'm gonna do
this guy's
she's been guarding our house while
we're gone I've been teaching her how to
close their eyes to their hand I go do
this again okay so the thing is we have
to end up keeping her with us for a
while guys the thing is we offset the
vet she's eight weeks old from eight to
ten weeks old guys so she's a baby yeah
look at em oh my brother's a DJ Joe our
voice so right now it's late at night
but if you guys remember we ended up
buying a professional microphone and
here it is guys so check check sound
check
guys so basically we're trying to figure
out how this works because honestly it's
not only a microphone there's also this
thing over here look at that look at all
the equipment guys I have no idea what
this does basically the microphone
plugged into there it's a headache to
learn guy so right now we're trying to
learn but as always guys I'm going to
wrap up today's go to I hope you did
enjoy if you did but fam specs don't
like button right now guys because you
guys are all so and yeah guys click here
to subscribe click here to watch my last
video I love you guys oh and yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow
Akali your looks Kurt's car but
