I can do what I want to move I want to
go off in a voice bank cash and I want
to yeah that was good yeah going down yo
good morning everyone what is up welcome
back to another vlog so I'm actually
starting today very happy and the reason
is right now I'm actually heading over
to my Mustang now the thing is you guys
have seen my Mustang has been gone for a
while but today some major upgrades have
been done to it so I'm gonna go check it
out I'm not sure how much I'll show you
because it's not completed yet but let's
go and have some fun yo are voicer check
it out the first place I've actually
come this morning is next to the beach
as I told you guys there's a couple of
changes being made to my Mustang and
today is the last day my car is going to
look like this yes guys basically the
car is actually going to be completely
changed up so yeah I thought before they
change everything I'd come and take a
couple of photos because honestly I love
the carbon-fibre bonnet guys but trust
me it's only gonna get cooler anyways we
quickly came next to the Borja lab to
take some really cool photos with this
car guys look at this Oh anyways it's
super super hot we're going to head out
of here we quickly came to take some
photos with the car yeah guys say
goodbye to this Mustang because next
time you see it it's going to be a beast
again like a newbie
I'm not sure if you guys can see what's
going on over there they actually have a
boot camp going on and there's a ton of
guys working out like it's insane I
actually feel really bad for them
because they will look like they're
about to pass out EKKO hardwoods I
created changed location right now in
case you're wondering where I am
I've actually covered to my boy Robbie's
house basically we're going to record
the music app the bud but look what car
I just bided their parking lot somebody
actually has a Lamborghini rockin here
but they put a cover on it I can't see
what color is oh no bro are you ready
I'm ready
are you ready for the greatest chocolate
experience of your life bro I'm gonna
dive in those dollars one of these like
30 bucks which $100 no way I mean I'm
talking about the greatest chocolate of
all time it makes me shiver just looking
at it oh right
so how you do it so I if the graters
being heaven or that the best part is
they're not the best chocolate you've
ever had you're right you're actually
right go on salted caramel chocolate
trouble boom okay so the thing is guys I
haven't been here for ages and one of my
favorite things about this apartment is
the view check it out whoo oh god guys I
serve I handed shade you go oh my god I
don't drop the camera anyways you guys
look at the view yet from up here down I
want to roast my boy Rafi it's been two
years since up no Devin they still have
a good be an outrageous house
I don't care you guys let's take
behavior van Eyck actually all about one
solid hour all right
I haven't had a haircut so this hack she
makes me look kind of good how are you
ready for the gym right oh oh oh oh
so my boy Sean is here right now
basically he just finished his gym
workout and he's going to come train us
down you ready let's do it
I just gonna want to show them up too
bad on camera off camera no God and you
know you don't get bruised often oh my
god guys look at the shoes my boys
wearing to the gym they look like you
can move every toe oh yeah spider-man
can you feel that
can you bend it oh my god you can
actually been deposed my boy Romney is
going to do my weight right now
lightweight lie away is it one is mine
lightweight our voice the right now
we're back at the crib and we have some
special guests over here BAM we got Wade
a Mario over here basically he's here to
help us make music because he knows how
to produce eco raps can do everything
basically they're trying to help me like
rapid sing but like you know your boy
I'm not that talented sir
you know auto-tune was made for a reason
guys so we're gonna try we're gonna try
help my voice 9 anyway right now I just
showed my voice showing what ASMR I just
know how to do awesome check it out boys
right now your boy we kind of teamed up
to write me some lyrics and I'm going to
spit some bars I we all do this my boy I
can do what I want to little I want to
skirt off in a voice spank casual I want
to dazzle your you know right now we're
really inspired by my boy our skill on
the TV we're looking at the future we
are see I'm taking over I'm taking over
there guys this is my track right now
no I'm gonna live it's actually stop
daddy strip right now man it's actually
starting deep-sea guys oh that was those
good are you going down you got on the
truck yo I got loving bro how to say I
told you so I told you so totally know
what I got a question was that right
your eyebrows are you all right right
bring in the man I agree guys Aloha boy
motivation those you believe to me
another one another one another one not
are you basically guys to make the song
perfect right now my boy Shawn is going
to hop on he's going to do like that the
year the skirt like you know the sound
effects on top of the song so let's get
it yeah bro I stretch if you see
yourself without the music you look
crazy wrong you look crazy or
superheroes the finished project
oh you guys just don't know what it
takes to make them you guys honestly
when you're recording without the beat
you look crazy that you actually sound
crazy but like when you overlap it it
makes sense so I just want to say if any
of us look like we're going insane we're
not
trust me
- lost the power and the girl off yo our
boy so pronounced kicking it out of your
guys I just want to say you so coming
soon piece off my boy short a little bro
guys this is going to be a banger you
know banger how do you make bangers man
L need is peace out brother system ok so
right now it's my boy Mario's first time
at the mold average it is first time I'm
loving it explains amazing what the boy
what's your favorite story 3 story of
course yo our voices to end up my day
right now quickly come to get myself a
haircut now I'm not sure if you guys
have realized I look like a mess
recently plus my eyebrows are growing
into an eyebrow yes
I'm getting my unibrow coming ups on my
Nana and then that we ain't having that
guy so right now I'm creating a new your
get a haircut yes hopefully I look fresh
are boys and a couple of minutes my
eyebrows are going to be lit so peace
out okay right now I'm just having my
eyebrows threaded and if you guys can
see I'm half crying because there's so
much eyebrows it hurts okay so we have
to do some more a few moments later
oh so I finished in my eyebrows right
now I know you guys can't see a big
difference but trust me it burns so much
anyways guys as you can see I did my
beard I did everything your boy is
looking fresh yo our boy so check it out
right now I came over to the instrument
store basically since I've been rapping
a little bit I actually came to buy a
microphone but look what they have over
here guys
dang you know basically this is
decided guitar and you actually have to
plug it into your computer otherwise you
hear nothing that is awesome it's
literally like a Caesar guitar nothing
is in here that is amazing and it's
super super light this is actually so
cool I don't know how to describe it
it's just got this like unique feeling
towards it whoa okay now I know a lot of
you might say I'm getting a little bit
carried away right now but basically
right now I'm buying myself this sound
so basically I'm buying myself a
professional recording microphone
I'm also buying this I have no idea what
this is but apparently you need it guys
like you connect the microphone to this
and also a stead for the microphone and
again I know a lot you're going to let
your bowl calm down you're not a rapper
or anything guys honestly after today I
have hope like I think I sounded pretty
nice holy moly I think I might have
spent a little bit too much money guys
yeah okay pretty much guys I just spent
over two thousand on microphones which
is ridiculous was micro microphones but
I mean guys I always say you should
invest in yourself for the future you
guys are going to roast me like whatever
I say guys honestly speaking though this
is not really for me this is mainly for
my sister because if you guys don't know
I know a lot of you took the first song
we made as a joke and it was guys but my
sister actually has a pretty decent
voice now you guys have heard her sing
before so I think we could actually
start making some serious songs because
honestly the last song we made we didn't
have a proper microphone or anything and
it was kind of like a jokey song if you
know what I mean it's - check it out I
just met as Yuri Scott over here and he
has one of the coolest t-shirts ever
when you realize the week head is over
anyways any message to the fans watching
you right now
yeah neon yellow yellow a piece out whoa
hi guys I felt bad for pranking my
sister so I go her her real gift you
could now become a musician today we got
your special microphone
it's late next no whoa this looks
expensive guys I don't know what I spent
over 2,000 on this rubbish is gonna take
me a week I didn't get you the Aventador
but you got the microphone I mean so
it's a good trip
anyways as always boys I'm gonna wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed by the way of my eyes look a
little bit red guys it's because of my
eyebrows like I was in so much pain when
the guys in my eyebrows I cried like for
a good five minutes guys so I mean if I
do look like I'm crying yeah I did I'm
gonna be lie did my ages hurt so much
anyways guys we haven't really subscribe
to the channel please make sure to go
down and hit the subscribe button also
click the notification bell while you're
at it I'm going to start giving
notification shoutouts because I see a
lot of other youtubers doing that and
I'm just going to copy them guys because
I think it's I don't add it must be
something good since they're doing it
all ba guys as always I love you guys
all click here to subscribe click here
to watch my last video and just just do
it guys I mean just either one just left
or right pick now I I love you guys the
line
