yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so we're starting out
today's vlog by doing the hot lava
challenge basically guys the rules of
the game are whenever I say hot lava to
my sister okay stop doing that that's
super and no cooking whenever I say hot
lava to my sister she has five seconds
to get off the floor because the floor
turns into lava ah you can keep walking
around boomer hiya guy kick oh yeah you
can like I guess he caught that the same
location no no no no
is burned alive I'm so I'm sorry losers
you burnt your whole damn foot of you
know what she got the bonus life I said
it is delicious unexpected and you know
what this deploy it's do another I done
whoo mother sure it's a thought you know
my sister doesn't get the point of the
challenge here is the point anyways a
double all right everybody how are you
doing - today is eat and our friends are
coming round so ok so our friends just
made it over to our house as you can see
boys right now we're going to take the
Aventador SP out for a little bit of a
ride okay let's do this mine in the SP
is fine beautiful guys windows are
coming down to say
this bad boy
yo okay guys so check it out basically
laughter's upstairs and we're going to
try and prank okay
Moreau's
they work and they why's everybody
around me right now leave me alone all
right all right all right okay so check
it out boys right now we've decided to
do some target practice with our gun we
got my boy Noah recording on that side
are you ready to do this law no guys the
target is over there
go did you get anything I thought I hit
it I'm gonna be the first one to hit the
middle five people of Friday if I hit on
the bed when hi guys so right now it's
Natalia's turn it's her first time
shooting the gun guys so everybody back
up right now everybody back that up
scared where the hell did that go
oh it's still on the target account
alright guys my sister is teaching a
seven-year-old how to shoot a gun oh he
was about to kill a human being
oh so today we're going to try and make
me into a human biggest winner so
basically my sisters are balanced a ton
of food is winners on my face on my
hands on any way she can to make me into
a fitness video guys what my dream has
always been to be a fidget spirit guys I
just I love to put yo spin me round' by
a rod wrong basically my sister couldn't
balance it in
my sister caught by the Senate
suspicious bin is on me so I want to do
it on an hour guys ready
I got a phase one going
you ruin everything
this is not working out guys no I'm
gonna go easy too easy I guys this is
don't work y'all I expected it to go oh
my god we gotta lock city street is on
me oh there's no more space we just lose
it yeah I managed to balance five
fidgets spinners on five fingers on one
hand guys so let's turn them oh ok so
the thing is today is actually eight
guys which I did tell you now in the
morning we had some guests come over and
now we have some more guests coming over
basically you guys don't know what it is
it's pretty much like the Muslim
equivalent to Christmas yeah I think I'm
trying to explain it in a very simple
way guys so it's basically our public
like celebration days all oh and
everybody gets money cuz like you get
presents
now listen we have we have to give all
the kids money listen you're 27
okay buh-bye we need to go we have
guests coming right now
Oh guys look at the gift no why did you
guys bring so much as you can see we got
the whole squad out here today Gang Gang
Gang it's Doug Doug
she ate you here goes nothin my sister
is opening her gift guys is ripping
somebody have a knife we need a knife
whoa that is cool yeah it feels so weird
oh my god I'm sorry what I you see this
is my new Santa Santa suit it's purple
that might be it might be for me oh my
god
luxury I please go sit with us hashtag I
need a nap in my Baja Versace Versace
Versace okay oh that sounds interesting
what is that if it's about mood that's
related yeah BAM oh there's a lot of
background hunky-dory
what does that mean what what does this
even mean chance to kill handsome
thank you thank you so much guys also yo
okey so right now we came outside guys
and if you look into the sky it looks
really really crazy like there's red
clouds but if you don't know my boy is
staying over here he's about that vlog
life right now check out his camera I
show them
look we're loggers out here guys so go
show them some support I'm gonna leave
this channel in the description it's
kind of hard to find because he just
started it's cool to the same vlogs guys
but you already know we about that load
life yeah we savage out here hey what's
up what's up Gang Gang yeah yeah are you
a savage it are you insane
alright guys so right now we're going to
have male time whoa what's going on here
oh my god he's hiding inside the milk I
don't know how my cat can stay in there
but yeah look at him he just loves to go
in tiny spaces as you can see he's been
here for a while but maybe it means he
wants to mail time with us don't you
think someone yeah it's late night and
we decided to build a huge pyramid with
these playing cards as you can see these
are no ordinary playing cards they're
much bigger so let's see it might be
easier to make a big pyramid let's go oh
my god oh my god
Lana has almost finished building the
tower she's got the tissue technique
she's not I don't know about this
technique what is this no no
only to go anyway these guys as you saw
our guest left our house today was eat
so we had a ton of people just coming
around saying what's up you know is more
like a family and friendly if you know
what I mean guys so hopefully we got
some vlogging up cuz honestly most today
we were just spending with friends
chillaxing telling stories gossiping
about people you already know in asia
families gossiping is a big thing so we
were just like spending time gossiping
alright
did you see what that guy did yeah who's
that guy but I say guys I love you or if
you did enjoyed today's video hit the
like button as you can see we got a ton
of gifts today guys so we're super
excited about that let me show you one
more thing we got guys alright one more
thing that I have over here bang on the
sticky and what are you doing
basically you flick this thing and it
grabs objects for you give it to me let
me show them what it does take it out at
the car alright yet to a oh just to show
you how this works can imagine I want
one of those cards over there and I have
this I ready for this look whoa alright
as when I love you I will make sure to
back up clicking subscribe bam cricket
what for our video if you guys had a
good egg with your family let me know
what you did and how much money you got
if you are not Muslim guys you need to
learn about what it is we get money oh
my god yeah I mean you might want to
just like join the culture and just get
to my son okay I don't you start up see
you guys tomorrow as Oh a Jana Jana
