oh my god
Oh guys what the hell we're staying
overnight in the store they closed
you're no joke you're in the furniture
store and they've literally just turned
off the lights right now I think they'd
lock the doors on us yo yo yo good
morning everyone welcome back to another
video so today it is about to go down on
the vlog today there's this massive car
vent in Dubai and literally all of the
supercars are driving into the mountains
what there's little house on that truck
you know just casually on my way to the
carbon and there's a house on the truck
alright guys so right now we just made
it over to the event if you can see
behind me there is a ton of supercars
lined up ready to go listen the thing is
there's so many supercars we've actually
got a walkie talkie to organize
everything guy so the drive is starting
very soon it's about to go down like
everybody is here
so the drivers officially begun guys
right now I'm in the car my friend
Mohammed we are actually in a ferrari
scuderia just good to have 100 renounce
and a you guys but look at the seat
smell on this bad boy you actually have
to like tie yourself into the car oh by
the way we have some walkie-talkies to
communicate with other drivers so yeah
oh my god guys there's two girls in that
Porsche gt3 will make it real quick they
will make everyone now birthday's next
week guys if I don't make you subscribe
right now
Oh
the madness has just begun we are close
to the mountain Giants there's been a
pretty long drive getting here but we
are finally in a latest we're in another
city right now guys as I said we're
coming into the balance all the
supercars are next to us drive up the
mountains is the best part because like
it's legit like an empty road and it
goes straight up yeah we're here it's
taking about 40 minutes to get here but
this is where the fun begins this is
real life need for speed for you guys
guys if anything happens like we're
straight off so we finally made it if
you can see we are here in the mountains
wow wow wow
this is the most beautiful view you're
ever gonna see with supercars
a user right now we just made it to the
top of the mountain as you can see all
the cars have just parked up guys by the
way my car just made it here guys check
it out back home so somebody actually
drove my car here hey look at this bad
boy
Shh excuse me so I didn't actually know
this is part of the plan but right now
we've all come to a hotel which is at
the top of the mountain welcome welcome
okay rejected rejected okay I see I have
no words to say like I have no words to
say you guys just saw the drive and now
it's time to drive back down the
mountain yeah yeah I don't know what's
scary driving up or driving down
oh my god
boom and we are finally back home
anyways boys there you go right now he
just made it back home it's been a
really long time since I've been to a
drive so like she kind of refreshing him
especially with my friend Mohammed like
he drives like you guys saw how he
drives up hello yo Nona what are you
doing why are you chasing the cats bro
you're just like chasing cats like a
crazy cat woman well our boy so I
clearly went and took a shower right now
so here's the thing right now I'm
heading out of my house basically I'm
actually gonna meet up with my boy
IMed it's literally been like a couple
of months since I've seen him if you
don't know who he is he's the kid that
set up my first-ever Bugatti Drive like
the first time I ever drove a Bugatti
was because of him so yeah let's go
let's see what he's up to
hey guys it is back there's a reason I'm
not meeting up with you nowadays you
haven't given me a Bugatti in like a
year you know actually because a big
corner lie bro we also have another
special guest my boy jela sup guys it
doesn't get much of an intro they never
gave me a Bugatti right now we're
actually heading to go racing we're
going racing right now they're underage
this might be illegal I don't know
hi guys so we are here right now we just
made it to go karting it's gonna be me
versus my boy Ahmed oh no Ahmed are you
ready let's go
till all are you ready for Excel I won't
be too far I wouldn't be too bad
how about you put a wager match if you
guys are confident to be me that's put
some money on it let's go
so right now we just finished up with
the coke the Buddha bit I call it three
guys go-karting is down bro you were
lost
I became lost you must be a bad like you
started drifting and then lost control
because of this guy I gave like loving
fastest is 1:29 my past is one 22.4 and
most of us is one 21.5 so now that we're
done with go calling bro you won't see
the funniest thing ever good bro
why is there a go car pulling a truck
guys you know how you normally have
four-wheel drive cars pulling something
why is it why is it car pulling a truck
ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch now that
we're done car I'm saying goodbye to a
lot of them and boom peace boom get out
my yard
get it get out my car wake up wake up
moon wake on so right now I just met up
with my mom and sister basically they
were back at the sofa store like buying
some furniture for the house and they
have these really cool chairs guys check
this out so imagine you're just chilling
with your friend right yeah woah yeah
mom was downstairs and now the lights
are office you okay
what the hell we are in a furniture
store and they just turned off the
lights downstairs
guys what the hell yo its legit like
everything is turned off
we're staying overnight in the store get
lost you're no joke will be you're in
the furniture store and they've
literally just turned off the lights
right now
I think they lock the doors on us
problem no seriously guys were here
bootleg to inform you that it starts
nosing now can we proceed to the cash
counter as the gun - dr. Luke goes I
just
anyways guys right now the store is just
closed so yeah I think we're gonna try
and make our way out because I don't
want them to actually look two doors on
us let's go yeah I don't know if the
doors will open but hopefully they check
check the electric door so they open
oh no isn't that on the Left we have
mummy mo on the right we have Lord arose
are you ready to race
you lost are you kidding
come on even the black one oh my good
alright guys so we are finding it
alright guys so we are finally back home
right now it is super super late now
sorry
I know I'm not wearing a t-shirt right
now guys I know I'm gonna put my pillow
as always end of today's look here if
you haven't do it smash the like button
make sure to subscribe down below and in
like four or five days time it's my
birthday I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
and as always Yolo Yolo
