oh and welcome to someone
I don't like to CNN report but today on
these
you're everyone good morning and welcome
to a special video I have a big
announcement today you might be
wondering why I'm all suited up today
I'm in my brand new office
oh yeah right now I'm having an
interview my first staff member guys is
they miss I get it how you doing so let
me know why do you want this job I want
this job because I think you're a good
person to work for
that's what I like to hear guys that's
what I like to hear
okay so you might be wondering why I'm
wearing a suit today boys the thing is
today we're having a photo shoot for a
business magazine yes you heard me right
so your boys going to be front page of a
newspaper front page of a magazine guys
we made it mom I hope you're proud of me
your son's a businessman
no Vera doesn't exhaust another the
glasses are too much the glasses are too
much man sigan had his suit custom-made
for this photo shoot I grabbed
everything out the Wardrobe anything I
could find came out it looks definitely
better than polo shirt anyways right now
we're heading over to the disposed shoot
there's a lot of weird stuff invoked
guys so let's go and I'll show you what
I be the Kay all right let's do this
you know what before we make it to the
photo shoot I'm going to spill the beans
okay I would let you know what we're
doing we're doing a photo shoot inside
the swimming pool yes you heard me right
guys we are going to be inside the water
with our suits so yeah guys if you
wanted them as Oh suits
hopefully we get a lot of insurance
money out this a business magazine
that's happening today actually singing
good yeah I know
oh I don't know how are you doing I'm a
sing yeah you didn't know yeah yeah
we're literally two minutes away okay
okay okay I promise
Bowman on four minutes side speaks and a
half hours late contingent in attention
attention to check it out we just made
it over to the chute goes boom I guess
guys we're going to go on the roof
perfect entire yes inside the water just
as we're dressed I think we made it to
the swimming pool boys this room this is
not the Gaggia all this is like the
scariest day of my life I don't think we
should be here guys but anything for the
vlog open it
I get wrong way wrong way back down
people back down for a slightly late
boys only an hour occupy so we just made
it over to where we're doing the shoot
and it's actually in somebody's house
but this place is insane so let me take
you on a tour of their mansion guys
let's do this
oh so and welcome to someone should I do
as you can see this is where we're doing
the photo shoot wow this place is insane
okay now this is where we're going to be
doing the photo shoot guys they actually
have a swimming pool inside this mansion
so let's go it's a penthouse guys it's a
penthouse yeah
look at this they have a swimming pool
inside their penthouse and look at that
view
Oh Saiga nice try you're gonna uh-uh-uh
guys you go what can I say well living
life my new penthouse
claim is really big wow this place is
insane like we went in a like wait a
second all right the right place and I
don't know what yeah you're doing the
photo shoot in somebody's penthouse all
but look you scared ok sigan swimming
pool rope let's go whoo anyways I know
I've said it like five times but this is
absolutely beautiful guys the
decorations in this house are on another
level right now look at this wow wow wow
so yeah there you go boys this is the
location of the bow shoot absolutely
insane I looking down is actually really
scary from up here guys like we're at
the top of the building we're now I'm
quickly going to take you inside so
let's do a tour of the inside
yo okay boys as you can see right now we
quickly came back inside the house this
is my stoop poise a okay you might be
wondering where I got this this is
actually science back up suit guys
listen hand-me-downs are good enough for
a photoshoot anyways I told you how true
the inside of this house guys so let's
get things started this entire place is
the living room guys as you can see they
have a beautiful chandelier the table is
amazing like everything in this house
has been designed perfectly eyes even my
suit those are such Underpants guides of
bad stuff in recycle on even close the
zip is actually a struggle right now
okay now check out over here boys they
actually have a very special painting
I'm not sure how many if you guys know
this but this is by the painter Alec
monopoly this stuff is like normally
super exclusive guys and they have the
coolest grandfather clock I've ever seen
in my life ah four murders handed over
this camera and photo show you guys so
this is the man that's directing
everything today so make us look good in
the game and here goes nothing time for
the photo shoot
and here he goes Oh going bro going all
the way slowly does it slowly does it
again boys I'm going to go in the war
right now so let's get this shoot on the
way home on vlogging pretty stable son
what move locked in the water biking in
the water like okay well it's using the
camera
boy the first time he doesn't smile on
pictures whoa duckface like a boys there
you go photo shoot is now over as you
can see your point we did it we're going
to be on the front page this is so bad
right ear is boys this is one 800
million dollar penthouse looks like I
hope you enjoyed I would show you the
rest about my house though I think we're
going to kick out right now this is the
lifestyle we need to have man this is
this is the life check it out whoo for
now we're heading out boys we're going
to say goodbye to this amazing place
until next time Oh work is done boys I
will time to go play some basketball NBA
style
let's go yo are you wish to check it out
right now
we're obviously at the basketball court
we're gonna do a three-pointer times
okay whoever can hit more three-pointers
windows gonna take half a night okay
boys right first right
no I did bring a brawler oh yeah this is
the first whole display whoa oh man
first I'm really happy for this I was
way too I know normally we had it
everything but this is actually the
first try every like if I hit you stop
blogging for 17 days I done done I sweat
no hope no you got lucky that costed me
my vlog Channel all right let's go
second try for me you won Thank You
yellow yellow into a backward shop this
is for the yo-yo squad
Wow
smelling good yeah I got it I just
pressed record the time there's no
editing here because I wait too tired so
I we have back my short that's it we're
done for today smash the like button
Michael Jordan guys this is Mako be
brighter out for today we are out Kerala
Yolo look let me try with my feet if
this show hits that a we're actually
darn light forever Oh
practice makes the king yo guys as soon
as we start walking out of the
basketball court they turned the lights
up on us maybe a new ok boys for now
saying goodbye to Saigon Bam Bam peace
out I'll see y'all the trip you I wish I
finally made it home right now you might
be wondering why I'm sitting in the dark
whispering I don't I don't know I don't
know laughter things are anyways the
reason why it's dark though I just found
my signboard guys and I'm not sure how
many of you guys remember this somebody
sent me and LED sign board in the Bell
and just to show you what is up guys are
you ready for this three two what whoa
check it out guys girls guys look at it
it's LED like what it's all that you
can't see my face that's how bright is
one any reason the reason I'm actually
show you guys this signboard you guys
know every night I come and sit in this
corner and I talk to you but I realized
my background is always boring like it's
just white everywhere so tomorrow I'm
gonna stick this signboard up behind me
okay so at least when I'm talking to you
guys you have something else to look at
you know so I'm going to start
decorating
the wall behind me and kind of make it
like a studio wall if you know what that
means
I like smack on people lights back on oh
all right boys we wrap up today's look
here I quickly change into my pajamas
you already know yes I'm in my bathroom
vlogging just don't lock your bike and
don't ask me so I still say I love you
guys all end of this week as I mentioned
I'm announcing that for everybody with
the letter what what I say I'm bouncing
the Apple Airport winners if you guys
want to win go down below subscribe
super-nice to like button while you're
at it and as always the other yellow OH
