yeah everyone good morning Oh welcome to
another vlog
rise and shine your squad okay so I
started out my day with the gym session
boys I'm about to die right now I
finished up did my weights my running
everything like that you're ready no
six-pack is coming soon guys look at
this view from up here oh it is so high
up and it has one of the lowest
boundaries I've ever seen guys look I
feel like I'm about to fall guys anyways
before today's vlog starts to smash the
like button put your smiles on it and
let's have an amazing day boys
Lamborghini number one Lamborghini
number two Lamborghini number three
motivation Monday's guys motivation
Monday so yeah so I just made it home as
you can see right now you might be
wondering what the hell I'm doing so if
you guys don't know I decided I'm giving
away a bunch of my frigid spinners so
before they go I just want to have some
fun with them guys later yo I just wanna
say if any of you out there have a
frigid spinner addiction it's okay
you're not alone okay you're not alone I
want you to focus on the blue frigate
spinner guys see the movement anyway
just to show you how satisfying it is
let's do a little music montage
anyways if you guys want a chance to win
one of these bad boys comment down below
what's stressing you out because if you
guys don't know these are actually
supposed to be like stress relievers so
yeah mommy mommy mo by the way guys I'm
not sure if you remember this is the
Bugatti I got for my birthday I still
haven't even opened it you know what
today when we come back home let's open
my Bugatti yeah yeah it's got to control
it guys it's got everything
it's a Grand Sport Vitesse my mom's
excited as if it's a real Bugatti Oh BJ
Lana oh yo what's poppin DJ's producing
Newman you're producing new music guys
every time I walk into my sister's room
she closes her laptop because she knows
everything is top-secret
well Chester grams/day this music
producer slash art yeah dogs don't lie
she must be she must be drunk
so now guys you know it's the rule on
the Rosa Calif you see music producer
slash arches my own label broke guys we
don't need no labels in this house we
don't need no contracts we got ourselves
out here here she comes
Lana Rose here she goes good morning I
have a question why did you miss your
gym session again waiting for my gym
partner to play
I just waiting for you guys okay
basically I told my friend Ross when it
came me and him our gym partner's
basically the guys always end up going
but no no this is I went there
guys issues okay I'm waiting for long Oh
tell you know we need to keep up the
game guys I mean me and Ross I've
been really got Gaga got me and Ross
 on our gym sessions okay every
single day we go
but her nah and life never trust women
you never try you never trust women when
it comes to making plans look who I
ready - yeah what is up yo as good as
all your gang gang dabbling them real
quick bad doesn't see you guys live on
visa thank you
whoa like you boys as you can see we
just made it outside yo your squad is
always in the streets we run these
streets guys you saw them dabbing on
them here's man okay scarf you just
going your boys BAM
check it out chicken more chicken more
chicken guys the thing is basically we
said it was the happiest birthday so
they give us free chocolate cake so
hopefully it works okay hopefully
they'll believe it's our birthday why
you look so sad savages out here what's
happening no
hi guys time for the birthday cake come
on free cake is it your birthday by the
way
yeah wait why did it stop why did you
stop oh oh oh what's that noise what's
that noise man what's happening it's a
wedding
Oh guys
yeah he's got the moves though they can
make the wishes I wish you actually my
birthday that happy birthday amazing
now it's our birthday this is what you
call a very understanding family hey
guys look
10 people one cake let's go guys
ok guys so we blindfolded the birthday
girl and we're about to show her her
surprise guys are you ready for this
3 2 1 surprise yeah right yeah we gifted
her her own car guys we gave her her own
car for her but well there you go guys
happy birthday I know love you're
wondering why we're throwing a birthday
today but it's her Hoff birthday which
means it's awfully until their birthday
yeah we got a reason to celebrate the
thing is today they have a bunch of
cells in the shopping centers which
means we can't even get into the mall
right now they've actually closed all
the entrances so we're heading over to
Chinatown instead yeah
karaoke and wonder song does something
to every time is later so you always
second rocker my gosh you go Canadian
one wants to be Japan
okay guys so check it out right now I
just made it over to dragon Mart
BAM we were the man himself we out you
everybody's here and a new person on the
blog
anyways guys check it out they have a
bunch of new spinners this time every
time I come they have new ones but this
is not my favorite look at this way Wow
damn yo yo yo squad
I know paparazzi please no paparazzi I
have no idea what we're doing right now
they have a bunch of CCTV cameras over
here okay boy so we just finished buying
some widget spinners my boy no I ended
up buying seven yes you heard me so
check them out BAM there they are guys
so as you can see we got to light up one
two Captain America's you're going to
quickly open it up guys check this out
oh it's like it's hypnotizing you guys
anyways we got two of the lighter ones
these are my favorites this one open
this one show them what this one does
this one's insane guys check it out the
purple frigate spinner this is so sighs
spying to stare at guys Wow hypnotizing
this is one of my favorites Wow
I love the fact that the skull doesn't
move and it kind of makes this really
cool effect whoa hypnotizing okay so
they have something really cool over
here guys basically they have these mats
as you can see and this is actually a
drum kit what a sister so if you click
on it you actually play the drums guys
okay so the three for now we're actually
heading out dragon Mart guys the thing
is we've actually spent like two hours
here doing nothing but the thing about
this place is they have a bunch of like
random stuff like you know cool stuff
you like to look at but you don't end up
buying I can't just not guys look at
these key rings over here right look how
freaky the key with it it's like a
baby's face guys and you can actually
push it like damn alright alright
alright okay it's time to go home boys I
didn't buy anything either
hi guys so we just made it home hey
buddy
bubbles same right to the blog hey what
are you doing over this the whole day
anyways we're home boys so you ready no
I actually just a toilet right now so I
don't think you guys want to see that
I'll see you after I'm done in the
toilet
let's go holy moly that was a
well-needed ball summary anyways i
promise you guys once I get home I'd
open the Bugatti so let's open this bad
boy and see what's poppin man whoa Oh
guys look at that butt cover booboo
Gotti I swear if I get this close enough
to the camera you would think this is a
real body look at that hey hey my new
car anyways I must say this is actually
a really really nice remote-control car
guys it's got so much detailing it's so
cool anyway some more I'm gonna put
batteries in this bad boy and hopefully
we can play with it but not bad at all
guys Thank You sigan for the birthday
gift it took me like six months to over
my birthday anyways as Louise I love you
guys all thank you so much for the
support you guys leave on the blog by
the way don't worry I haven't forgotten
I'm going to announce the airport
winners by the end of this week so if
you guys want to win the airport's
better go down below and subscribe and
yeah good luck to everybody click here
to watch my last video click above there
to subscribe and as always I'll see you
guys tomorrow for day 5 at the gym hi
guys wish me luck I love you
yellow yellow bye
