my two favorite advice when it comes to
a woman don't talk too much and secondly
always make her laugh
did you look good okay I guess I don't
know why I'm so excited it's a bubble
show yeah everyone what is that welcome
back to another vlog now today basically
I'm sick and tired of being single guys
so today I'm gonna try and get myself a
date
basically your boy winner downloaded a
couple of dating apps and today I must
see if I can grab myself a couple of
wipes out here guys so let's go you
ready to do this analysis we as mo blogs
is getting married online now this is
nothing so basically I downloaded the
dating app and I need to take some
pictures for it and you know girls like
personality so I need to take some
pictures of the cars guys after this
yeah okay I think that's a pretty fun to
painted guys look at it ladies where you
at right okay first ball is successful
the second Bowl you need to take girls
love animals guys so I'm going to use my
cat in this bowl let's go
okay unfortunately my cat doesn't want
to help me out getting a date today look
at this guy Lambie we're gonna go get
the other cat guys okay Dada yeah all
right it's time to get down into some
business boys so as you can see here is
my profile guys on the dating app I got
two photos now it's time to like some
photos okay no I'm so desperate I might
take everybody's photos this is so bad
she's amazing I mean it will give you
like like you said in about 20 minutes
and I think I've liked about 100 both of
the soul we're just gonna wait and I'll
let you guys know when somebody responds
some bubbles what are you doing right
now this is kind of weird this is kind
of weird you can't sleep like that on
the trampoline yo I'm not gonna lie I'm
actually really disappointed that nobody
likes me back guys like that's just sad
anyways what is up yours good how you
doing welcome back to another day in my
life okay so the plan is today we're
heading over to Chinatown because I want
to buy a bouncy castle yes you heard me
right boys I was like yo this house is
full of like cool stuff we got a
trampoline
we got a swimming pool the only thing
left is a bouncy castle so we're gonna
go try and find something like that I
don't know if we're really fit in the
garden but imma make it happen okay I'm
a savage okay this is right now I've
downloaded another dating app boys and I
love the questions this one asks you
check it out okay I am straight and when
you click on straight in the clapping
guys one what anyways I'm going to
quickly sign up for this dating app is
all boys and yeah if I have any luck on
this one I'll let you know as well but
so far I mean it's just it's not looking
good let's just put it like that very
nice where I can't stop lovely as a
great
- how long do you want your next
relationship to be I swear the questions
on this app are getting weirder and
weirder so before we go find my bouncy
castle I'm not sure if you guys remember
I got a ton of free vouchers for boo
guys and I keep on using them from my
grandma she doesn't even know but all
the boots she's getting is actually free
- oh my god
oh my god free food boys free food
anyways really to eat some food over
here boys I'll see you guys once we're
done please oh my god you are not gonna
believe what I just bought guys I was
just driving by and look at this car
there is a pink and golden rolls-royce
parked out here guys this is insane I
swear I have never seen a rolls-royce
with a cooler color combination than
this damn your mommy mode this is your
car you want the car we literally
slammed our brakes as soon as we saw
this car just the part next to it guys
so yeah not bad at all honestly I've
been saying this for the past one year
pink cars just looks so cool but I think
they look amazing so yeah guys there you
go I pronounced a goodbye to the pink
Rolls Royce I loved you okay this is
amazing
I never thought I'd see a pink Rolls
Royce in my life but dreams do come true
pink Rolls Royce or white Rolls Royce
obviously pink rose through it Oh
about Sugata what hell is going on right
now okay so we have a slight little
problem I ended up finding the bouncy
castles but all of them are for little
kids guys yeah they're like these little
kids bouncy castles so sorry Marty we
just spent two hours searching for a
kids bouncy castle yowza
I love you and like it so this is right
now I'm actually heading over to an
event boys that my boy Ross it is also
going to be there but I'm not sure how
much if I can vlog because it's more
like a corporate event if you know what
I mean so let's go and see what's up
until that Drake makes you wanna cry no
I check it out so we just made it over
to my boy's body and Raschid and I
didn't know there's actually a catwalk
going on right here guys check this out
okay so the thing is we got here kind of
late boys and everything is already
packed up but basically what was going
on when I wasn't here
they had a catwalk and a bunch of like
really cool stuff but yeah we kind of
miss down everything so yeah at least my
boy almost here to have a back-up plan
yet oh boy it's always here okay so I
know a lot of you've been missing my
boy's body over here and honestly I
don't know what happened the truth is he
kind of just ignored me for the past
couple of months guys that's not true
the reason we haven't seen Patti for
ages
I didn't know you tell them Rosa what's
up man top secret we got a big thing
some of this on a big day coming out
guys basically the desert just came
right now boys you already know we have
to snapchat this oh oh
yo my man fatty always has it crazy guys
Oh daddy am i eating it I'm on a diet so
the thing is now that I'm with my boy's
body guys yeah actually doesn't know
this but I opened the tinder account we
did I said well I mean I don't even
artwork kind of prefer be so I'm
blogging here fuck it tell me what I did
wrong again I don't know I never had oh
so the thing is my mind
daddy told me that I'm not doing it the
right way when it comes to ladies so
we're going to get some advice from him
right now
my two favorite advice when it comes to
like trying to please a woman is don't
talk too much and secondly always make
her laugh you do talk just to make our
left know what we're going to go through
a second contestant with is walking over
here
rocket what's your advice for beginning
I love you guys oh my god I got okay so
I finally made it back home and one girl
has replied to me guys so I'm just gonna
go hold out for the second hello
beautiful there we go with a love fire
oh my god this is cringy guys I know
this sounds weird I think she blocked me
guys because as soon as I messaged her
she went offline okay
I was literally this close to closing
the app and giving up but one girl just
replied to me come on do not mess this
up okay do not mess this up
ah did you look good okay I guess I
don't know why I'm so excited like this
is just so cool to do like if you
haven't already hit the like button on
today's video please do it now because
I'm cringing so hard okay I know this is
probably going to mess everything up but
this is what I'm gonna message would you
like to marry me
that's a bad idea Oh oh my god
i I just off the girl to marry me Oh
Linus I am no wonder what your condo
Nina doesn't get respect
you rejected me I just asked the girl to
marry me and she said no what we are
guys I almost had a wife so if you guys
don't know I did tell you we have a new
song coming out soon on my channel guys
and my sister's been producing it
writing it letting down I made sure it's
gotta be a good one guys trust me it's
gonna be better than the last one okay
all right so as Lewis woods I'm gonna
wrap up today's look it's super late so
I need to go catch some speed but don't
forget I'm actually doing so many
giveaways this month that I'm losing
count them so basically I'm giving you a
MacBook Pro I'm also giving away that
really cool mini printer I got yesterday
like literally the company just gave it
to me for free and 10th did you spin
there so far and there's actually a
couple more coming for this aid so I
want this month to be ton of your voice
so yeah and make sure to subscribe to
enter all of them and yeah all of them
are probably going to be announced
within the next 10 days so good luck
everybody
anyways add boys I love you guys all and
I'll see you tomorrow Yolo Yolo
