don't touch you come you ready kill your
arms around true well you said you want
to touch my buddy yeah repeat after me
okay
lalala you see you you see you got it
bro you good oh my god
yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today is actually a very
unusual day ok basically we're starting
out the day by going to a singing lesson
yeah you guys are right basically if I'm
a sigan he heard my song and he said
your mole I think you need a little bit
work on your voice and I was like I'm
fine okay you know what Rach this makes
perfect I'm already really good at
singing but today we're gonna go and
have a vocal training session all right
my okay guys so check it out we just
made it over to the vocal studio here
goes nothing your boy is going to be a
singer at the end of today right now
Lisa over here is trying to help us out
so you go do the best you can that's
almost going to be a singer by the end
of today guys let's get started in one
session and broil a fool I need I just
need one session I'm perfection
okay boy okay so so far we're going
through standard vocal training boys the
first one with the bah-bah-bah gosh did
you do what do you think is here okay so
we've kind of fast forwarded through all
of like the vocal training and sigan is
going to just sing a song straight out
boy so let's see how this goes you see
help it all I'm sure that you
Rolla singing when you're singing on
unlike a relevant of an i and i double
bound okay CDs ah so all the guys I
thought it was my singing that's not
what the hell are you doing here alright
what else let's make you my only Wilma a
try you see Susie you got it I think
we've done that's pretty much all I need
to Dale I mean I'm already here so I
didn't know much better my voice you
like it what do you think I challenge
you and try it out and see how if I can
go with your singing your song coming up
soon I'm saying you start going next
week guys yes potential can only get
better it's not together got to be
private yes the point is I want another
Nevison sigan so I call many practices
because you know these opportunities
I need to do like my own level I'm a
beginner he is a professional so yeah we
take it from there all right boy so for
now we are officially done with our
scene I said huge thank you to Lisa over
here for trying her best as us guys we
have talent okay our knowledge at first
she said he has talent so then I must
have done too yeah okay she's actually
good now we're heading out sober by visa
we'll see you very soon all right these
now that we're done with the lesson
we're actually in a school right now
boys and I haven't been to a classroom
in like forever so that's going to be
good go learn this is the vlogging room
where you learn blogging we've been
really very kids I can in school nothing
here go for me
to remove dropped autos with the guys
I'm back in school
I have an education something
holy moly it is a hot day today boys
oh I am sweating I think that went
pretty well boys I'm not gonna lie I
think we learned and we definitely know
where I stand nothing really know how
good we are but honestly I might voice
with decent power reveal fantasy your
dreams come true
hi guys
I think we've become way better at
singing okay for now we're going to head
out here because it's a hot day and I
need to go do some other stuff so let's
go let's have shoot for money
do your arms around to where you said
you want to touch my body okay so for
now we're actually saying goodbye to
Saiga for today so peace out until next
time boom why we're finally back home
after our singing lesson today yo I'ma
be honest your boy is actually a pretty
talented singer you want to sing to say
it sing yeah repeat after me okay lalala
you see you you see you got it bro you
got it he's a natural talent guys he's a
natural Tyler I love you guys you got
this you got this
oh by the way I didn't even tell you yes
sir I was this morning your boy was
taking a singing lesson what you know
starting a singing that so excited this
morning
yeah he's going for more or less number
of exposing sigan she's like he's become
like a Chris Brown or something my chill
outside game out man like stay in
your lane bro he's singing emotional
love song
he was seeing a romantic song to me in
the garden I saw you just you're okay so
right now I just met one of the yo-yo
squad and he actually wants to vlog for
you guys so here you go hello Holly
right okay so I know this is random
right now we ended up coming over to a
toy store and I saw finding was like yo
give me your camera for the vlog bye
currently put them in the vlog anyway
they have a ton of really cool stuff at
this toy store guys look at it BAM
they actually have a spinning wheel whoa
yo okey so check it out they have this
really cool section in the toy store
guys basically it's a section to fly
drones in and it's like a little prison
for them so yeah okay so look what me
and my mum found over here they actually
have one of these really cool racetrack
so our boys are you ready three two one
Oh oh my god this thing is flying again
they asked me how are you say that
you're fine you're not really funny you
can't get into everything with that
ronger look you're the crazy thing about
this racetrack is the amount of detail
they have low they have a random tank
over here they have a whole audience
over there like down this is a serious
business my boy quickly came back right
now and he actually got me a gift what
is it nice slime is it for like with our
hands to play it thank you guys that is
not for Stephanies rolana
no not the party oh my god
not the Porsche okay so right now me and
my mom quickly came to do some grocery
shopping but I thought I'd share this
fact with you guys now pretty sure most
of you who watch the vlog know this but
us Muslims we don't actually eat pork
but what's funny is in this store they
actually have like a specific pork
section and it says poor non-muslim guys
so that's what I was trying to show you
guys yeah you know what's up mommy I
think we should go inside and ask them
if the pork is allowed the mummy is it
is it allowed oh oh look at this guys
this is what I get eats every day I know
so I can watching the video so here you
go sigan this is some stuff that you
really enjoy
okay so as loserman arrival today's like
you but before I say goodbye to on
today's video I need you guys to please
do something for me so I'm not sure if
you guys have realized but for the past
week the YouTube systems have kind of
been broken and there's not much I can
really do to fix it guys like I I don't
own YouTube acade I mean you guys can
talk to Google about that but I'm just
I'm just saying what you guys can do to
fix this so I can't really do much about
that but if you guys can do one thing
for me just please go ahead and click
the notification bell next to the
subscribe button okay so when you
subscribe there's a little Bell next to
it and that kind of fixes the problem I
think I guess I'm pretty sure that's
what fixes it so if you guys can please
do that because it's just been a
headache like honestly
nobody's getting notifications for my
videos my youtube channel diet it's a
bit so anyways order exercise it's not
that bad guys but if you do that it'll
be super awesome but yeah I'm super
tired right now
my eyes are red I'm about to die so see
you guys tomorrow
I see a little boy
