my name with no wonder her own baby hey
everyone good morning awoken to another
vlog so starting out the day by going
over to see my baby guys which is the
Mustang and here's how you guys do you
love you all it's a beautiful day today
so let's all have a good day together ok
boys I just made it over to my baby
right now and they have actually already
started wrapping it so I know I told you
I wouldn't show you what it looks like
but I can't resist guys I here is a
sneak peek guys say oh there it is boys
I know it doesn't look like a normal
color but I told you it's gonna be
special guys anyways boys of course I'm
trolling you I'm not going to show you
the color until it's finished but trust
me it's in front of me and it looks
amazing
alright I don't want any of you trying
to use the reflection of my eye to see
it no it's not going to work I'm not
showing you anything oh yeah the thing
is now that you've seen my car I'm
actually going to head out if your boys
just wanted to come check it out for
myself but well you guys haven't seen it
this is my bumper yes this is a part of
my Mustang right here so you have our
boys to check it out right now I quickly
came in stopped by deals on wheels
basically I have no idea how this is
going on I came here marwan tier Moser
Shahin everybody's here right now
and basically they're about to do some
magic in the room guys so let's go check
it out
wow that's bad the one that's the one yo
tell me that was not insane anyways guys
as you just saw magic trick is finished
my boys over here he was blogging it -
check it out guys show them your vlog
camera this is how you blow guys it's
loading camera - damn iPad out here
freaking 18 years old give a plug what's
your YouTube channel
NASA s you guys go look at my face and
like that video okay I like that okay
boys I'm not sure if you know this look
who just got here BAM mommy mallanna
made it of course we got my boy
marijuana out here yeah we're three
people in the Lamborghini my boy
marijuana he loves the music video young
mera it's on the vlog he's a true Lala's
good night when you're put on this run
I mean it was unique Yeah right yeah
okay more like a lot of cheating we're
going to wall right yeah okay guys we're
starting to vlog yeah anyways for now
we're heading out here to go to an event
guys so we're going to say goodbye to
Marwan
thank you so much for supporting the
music video and until next the guys
that's what you should do go download
the song in iTunes there's only one
dollar okay scratch my an hour heading
off your voice so let's go okay boy so
for now we're heading out my sister
brought the Lambo let's go to this event
let's do this yeah I'm not sure what's
exciting happening
so you ready miss profit okay so I
mentioned right now we're heading over
to a dinner but basically this is a she
like a car event slash dinner and we're
really late so I think we might have
missed the drive anyway that's my boy
marijuana over there bye oh yeah guys
I'm trying to make it there as soon as
possible but I'm pretty sure you missed
the drive so if you don't see any car
action I'm sorry but yeah we're watching
the magic show go look at the amount of
traffic right now guys she okay so we
finally made it over to our friends guys
check it out BAM the skirt is out here
we're super super late guys so we have
to go quick all right let's do this
hi boys here goes nothing let's go go go
come on people were late we're late
oh my goodness okay I don't know how
else to tell you this guy's but
unfortunately we missed the entire Drive
but don't worry because we still have
our little squad so get ready for our
driving hey our drives going to be
better guys we got the SP we got the two
hurricanes let's go
- one down
okay so we just made it over to the
Lamborghini showroom as I said I have no
idea what's going on today but there's a
lot of nice neighbors over here guys so
check it out pal as you can see pretty
cool lineup of cars over here okay so
the rest of the cars just made it here
guys all the Lamborghinis just turned up
this is the drive that we missed over
here Holliday moly
the thing is I think this event is like
a really exclusive event it's a
potential abrogate by yourself
I don't know what I'm doing here
basically this is actually a convent for
like a watch guys like big design for
watch collectors and park yeah I don't
know it's like where what's the very
expensive white phase of one looking
good I forgot the name man okay I'm
sorry I already know why the watches I
wear anyways as you can see boys crazy
turnout for now we're going to go inside
I let's see what's going on okay boys go
checks out right now came inside now the
watches I want to show you on
I'm saying that right this is the first
month I want to show you down this is
called the Quatro
this watch is 1.6 million 1.6 million
guys is the only watch in the world to
have fortunately your decided which is
interesting like in what language that
is it you mean the Burning Man each
answer these four things of the quarters
there's a turbulent so it's the only
watching the road to have forth those I
guess this is the lady I want to show
you guys
yeah I think I backed it out guys
this is the one I think looks amazing
honey sighing what is bulls ivory guys
I'm gonna wow this is insane now the
other two are like you know machines
won't you find anybody now on to miss
one line notice on what kind of brother
is like nothing you're like the plane
yeah I'm already famous man so come on
you know we're gonna work on it yeah
okay guys so my man el Hadj has been
teaching me about the watches of the
boss ten minutes basically Raja Tabriz
like is very limited editions like a new
brand of watches and what should they
have are insane like you can tell by the
price tag is another one I want to show
you down here guys check it out so this
one over here is also a million guys but
what I love about the watches they all
have the movement like open you could
see what's going on at the watch guys
it's amazing I want you to come close to
it look everything is happening here
shanks and imap4 explaining everything
amazing watch is hopefully one day I can
afford that
okay I'm showing the foreign cell for
the end ok boy so before we leave I just
want to show you behind the scenes that
Lamborghini in case you guys wonder
where the Lamborghinis are when they're
not on the road they're over here guys
so yeah this is the world's strongest
woman right here lift it lift it yeah so
realizes it just what they have like the
coolest tables ever over here they're
made out of tires anyways for now we're
going to head off your guys story uh say
goodbye to Lambert
let's go somewhere else my car is it's
Aiden
okay I got to spot that out so right now
we made it for dinner and check out the
lineup we have here we literally just
came from Lamborghini not a thing this
guy's different place there's no event
happening but there's so many beautiful
cards 100 she's getting crowd right now
okay anyways for now we're entering the
restaurant but look what they have
outside it they have a wooden swing yeah
this is paradise that Dennett that know
that that this is so cool guys I get out
before you die if as I mentioned we're
quickly having dinner over here at this
restaurant with our friends voice but
what I love about this place is you can
actually look at the road from here
which makes for a very good time-lapse
guy self check it out we're finally home
and they're in Liberal oh yeah we just
finished eat a lot of food you guys we
finally made it back home it's time to
show you what we got guys yeah we got
some presents guys the best thing about
going to these exclusive events they
always give you something for free okay
we know there could be something
expensive
it could be something cheap this is what
we got
Danton from Russia to we three two one
time
we not this is this business card holder
wait what it's a portable charger why
are you here
what backup battery ready to charge your
phone for me this is actually a pretty
expensive use okay so before in today's
video I sure to say something which we
haven't mentioned today today is
Mother's Day so happy Mother's Day to
mommy bow guys officially turned 72 this
year yeah Sally hey guys so I thought
I'd show you what I got my mom for
Mother's Day yeah both of these are
purchased last year yeah basically let
me explain okay I bought this two weeks
ago because there was another Mother's
Day like two or three weeks ago and then
she bought this last Mother's Day a very
sickly eyes maybe explain tomorrow we're
gonna go buy some more we're gonna go
buy my mom for Mother's Day gifts I just
wanted to say happy Mother's Day to all
the mothers out there if you didn't get
a gift like mommy mode it's okay because
be happy that you're alive okay yes
happy Mother's Day mommy mo whoo party
right all right all three side guys are
so saying I love you guys all thank you
so so much for supporting the channel by
the way as I mentioned to all the
mothers out there happy Mother's Day to
all you're all amazing oh yeah guys just
go and appreciate your moms out there
because trust me they do way more than
you think okay I know sometimes it's
easy to deep credit them but guys they
brought into this world so make sure you
look out for your mom's right well yeah
guys as always I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning at 8 a.m. when we're
going to the gym so stay tuned for that
because it's been a while since I've
been to the gym all right I love you
guys don't forget to subscribe down
below yeah see you guys tomorrow
when boot camp
oh boy
