okay before today's video starts I need
all of you to go down below and
subscribe because what we're about to do
is crazy let's go I give my all to you
you're my end and my beginning even know
that's what you guys blog John yo
everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today we're starting out
the vlog by my sister singing for you
guys yeah you don't care if it's socks
he's still gonna put it yeah I'm on your
magical mystery ride if you don't think
that talent then you haven't seen real
talent around here yeah anyways before
today's vlog starts go down below click
Subscribe make sure to click that Bell
so you guys can always come back and
listen to my sister's voice yeah and now
I think I'm getting p1 subscribing that
Bravo Bravo young one you're gonna be
Justin Bieber one day oh my god I don't
think you guys realize what I'm showing
you right now so basically my bank just
sent me another gift
they sent me a fruit basket dear lo we
would like to thank you for your
continued patronage and look forward to
providing you with the best banking
service as always also we know you're on
a diet
so instead of sending you chocolate
we're sending you something healthy
what a huge thank you to the priority
banking team shout out to you guys I
love you you're the best I love you guys
they watch my videos they don't watch
Ladas videos yeah it wasn't five videos
I insane that they sent me like a whole
boss key guys so open it open and see
what's inside
Oh Oh okay guys we have to go show my
sister this right now yeah it's a
chocolate oh my god come on bank I told
yours on a diet you guys sent me
chocolate dipped strawberries anyways as
always huge thank you to my bank for
sending me gifts man you guys are the
plug anyways the thing is right now I'm
heading out so let's go and let's have
an awesome day oh we're going to the gym
no honestly this is exactly how I feel
guys it's getting hot in here so take
off all your clothes anyways right now I
just made over to our friends space boys
time to hit the gym
okay so we just finished up with our
workout for today boys as you can see
I'm in the sauna right now I swear the
best thing is after a workout you just
come over here and relax
anyways now that we're in the sauna you
know what time it is boys time to make
it steamy alright let's do this guy's
auntie Ronnie this is the best part
much better
Oh who's a good girl okay so check it
out right now I just made over to my
friends house and if you guys can't
remember this is Bella
aka monkey is her nickname yes
is she a good girl is she a good girl
she's a very good girl
you like how to see all righty boats a
few hide I'll find you all right okay
I'm gonna find you guys I can hide hide
hide hide
I love playing hide-and-seek with kids
you tell them to hide but you never go
search for them trying out something a
little bit weird so in my hands I've got
a visit spinner over here and I want to
try and see if I can make a fidget
spinner matchstick guys yes basically
I'm gonna try and sellotape these
matchsticks onto the frigid spinner and
then hopefully we can spin it and make
them set alight okay it's very
complicated guys it's probably not gonna
work but let's give this a shot okay
you're gonna need some sellotape to do
this at home guys yeah kids do not eat
sellotape at home I'm just cutting it
okay okay the first matchstick is on
guys oh yeah so here it is boys this is
my new creation as you can see all the
matchsticks are on the fidgets spinner
here is where it gets crazy boys I'm
gonna try and light these matches up by
spitting the fidgets spinner
against the matchstick books alright
here goes nothing are you ready for this
three two one this doesn't even work are
you kidding me yeah mommy just doesn't
work okay we have to see that again
how do you money okay three Oh
anyways there you go guys that was my
matchstick Bridgette spinner I think
that was a pretty good idea okay let me
know what you guys thought anyways for
now I'm gonna head over to my boy wash
it so I'll see you guys when I get there
special guest alert
alright so check it out boys just made
over to my boy Ross shed what is it Matt
what's your real David well it's close
enough I was oh my god
oh my god guys look at this dude right
now sing this song
baby i love you whatever I should I feel
old
he doesn't know any of my songs boy this
was a good so cranky today yo big news
guys basically right now be my boy watch
it saw Jake pool dropped another song
okay if you guys don't know everybody's
been reacting to his songs for views and
I need to use the game take pause marks
Lincoln mile Ohio Fried Chicken bitch I
love this song it's something different
ok this song is very different
Oscar would just to take know the gram
the granaries you know let's go oh yeah
I'm gonna go eat I like you so before
and today's video I'm sure love you've
been waiting for this part of the vlog
guys basically earlier today I tried to
make a matchstick Brigitte spinner it
didn't turn out good at all so right now
we're gonna take it to the next level
okay basically you guys can even do this
at home so what you're gonna need is a
normal video spinner okay you want to
take out the middle section the spinning
arcade we're gonna make a crazy
matchstick participant or guy so what
you're gonna need
you're gonna need some blue tack some
matchsticks and obviously this little
middle part to make it spin all right
let's get crack-a-lackin' all right
let's do this
so you take the spinner out of the
fidgets spinner you take this you take
you take the Fuji out of this business
so what you want to do is you quickly
you want to roll up the blue tack boys
because this is gonna go around that
little spinny thing I don't even know
what this is cool okay so now that you
have your blue tack guys you want to
roll it around in a circle okay so why
don't you put your blue type around the
spinny thing you're gonna take your
matchstick and you're gonna just put it
in there
damn there you go now it was like a
middle finger
and there it is boys the matchstick
midget spinner alright let's test it out
what the hell's Arvin alright guys there
you go that is our matchstick fidget
spinner okay anyways here goes nothin
boys time to light up this bad boy so
let's get cracking
oh you ready to boys let's see if you
can actually what you get with fire like
I think we should have a glove I get
ready
okay guys oh my god oh my oh oh it's
burning me oh I get three two one
okay you know what guys there you go
that is our matchstick midget spinner I
hope you enjoyed make sure to smash the
like button for that guys cuz we just
risked our hands burning for you okay do
not tell your parents I showed you how
to do this Cajun duck don't tell them I
showed you this alright guys I hope you
all enjoyed today's experiment with the
black are you alright guys so I hope
you'll enjoy today's video with the fire
frigate spinner if you did make sure to
smash the like button and don't forget
to subscribe for more click over here
and laughs
smash the light button click over here
to watch my last video click here to
subscribe and as always Yolo Yolo boom
