so today we have a bunch of cool cars in
our house right now let's do a garage
tour yeah yeah everyone what is up
welcome back to another vlog today is
going to be a gangster day because we're
heading out in this bad boy the g-wagen
4x4 squared
year right now we're heading out to go
have some lunch with our friends we're
gonna see how this bad boy does in
public okay I want to see if I get you
know the lady's number there hey anyways
Oh jokes aside we're going to take this
monster onto the road so let's go and
see how it does let's do this anyways my
sister's all blinged out today red shoes
red t-shirt swaggin I'm swaggin on you
ready to go go Tom let's do this get in
bro get in why you look so tiny bro yeah
a couple days there's a cup holder in
the trash oh my god it what you know
it's like a basket boring that is the
weirdest cup holder other resilience a
basket boring yeah oh my god it's going
to cherish that chance you guys know
that this car has a sunroof and I'm
actually going to open it just to show
you how close we get to our parking roof
again
here goes nothing so my brother is about
to knock the roof look how close this
car is I could touch the roof yeah yeah
please don't leave only this is crazy
that's the roof I know right okay
oh my god guys look at this side and
we'll get in the car bro
I can't allow me to jump in I just
realize you know how we have the step in
the front of the car the back of the car
has no set so my mom has to jump in
oh you can do this mommy you can do the
cichlid somebody all right let's go oh
yeah we had the boy Randy I'll go guys
be on the opposite down yeah this is how
you know my family's lazy guys normally
we never leave the house early but as
soon as our friends called and said you
want to go eat light food dude yeah yeah
we won't lose let's go let's go so now
we're going to go eat I hope they don't
even blush they actually have a new car
so hopefully they brought that car with
them because this is very special when I
yeah we're getting inside the mall oh my
god already you can't even go through
the front
oh boy - oh my god yeah look at this car
in the valley right now it's massive
okay basically guys I told them to put
the car there but apparently it's more
louder it's too big brother
oh yeah anyways we just made it into the
mall guys it was so full that we have to
wait for valet guys that's how crazy
like crazy there
check it out right now we just made it
over to the restaurant the place we're
eating is an American restaurant but
look at these really cool ovens they
have over here guys damn
so therefore feels like fire ovens I'm
not sure where you cool them but all the
food is inside there check it out
whoa he's uh down guys
I think that's ours I think that's our
margarita Oh beats uh listen Villa
that's mine by the way okay we're
sharing listen listen this and a half
for me offer you alright so I just
finished eating right now for now we're
heading out there is a good wife you saw
guys amazing food hi whoa
okay so we just finished eating right
now basically we decided to come do some
shopping with our friends yeah we're not
really buying anything you know we're
just watching that by a window shopper
ladyish better than I plus they came to
Burberry guys which is out of my budget
a little bit buy any more money is that
music video man I love dog I'm not even
gonna lie with you guys we spent more
money making the music video we actually
mean that we made from it like actually
at least 20 times more you know no jokes
guys anyways all he came out he came I
was he's right here so I'm not sure if
you guys were into fashion a couple
years ago
well Burberry belts were the thing
remember like everybody used to have
them and they tuck them outside their
pants
this was the best introduction a guy
they might still be a trend you don't
know okay so I told you that my friend
has a new car so check it out Lloyd
family here it is guys the Bentley Bente
go wow wow wow wow okay so the thing is
we're making a lot of attention right
now so we're actually heading back to
our house with this car so we can do a
whole review for you guys let's go
I'm Ty Lee we have the babysit again
what you guys do
I feel like I'm in a row look at this
car to be it's going so badly what
you're fine
you're not really smiling just can't get
into a new play with that runners wait
what happens buy something you need
5,000 to deposit
yes yes generally called information
right thanks for later on out there
sighs redrawing how much okay so we
literally stopped by the bank because I
think my friend needed like a million in
cash just see a small amount as you can
see both the cars are out here we got
the Mercedes and the Bentley this is
like two bolts cars right here man guys
honestly both these cars are like up
there I think that are best for by force
you can get self yeah just so you know
just we're just stopping my quick
million in cash smooth load of a million
dollars it's all good out here I don't
have money what the hell are you do I
don't have any money
leave me alone anyways we're just down
at the bank right now so it's time to go
boys let's get the moola we got the moon
I'm not gonna lie the best me kills this
young like guys in case you're wondering
there you go I'm pretty sure of every
sponsor guys love yeah hi boys to check
it out right now we just made it home
with our friends and as you can see
behind me now these are the two beasts
lined up so you have the Bentley Ben
Tiger here the Mercedes G 4x4 is you
guys have seen and I'm not sure if you
guys know this but this is actually the
more expensive car cake wow this is
actually way more expensive so we're
going to be doing a small little review
for you guys so if you don't know the
Bentley Mantega is a luxury SUV car that
means everything about this is luxury
the interior the exterior if you come
into the headlights auricular it's even
written Bentley I just found that out
right now later that is that mean yes
it's amazing so let's give you some nice
shots from the outside they'll turn and
make a real quick really post flight on
air in c02 running nigga real quick
thank you guys so check it out this is
the key for the Bentley or what I love
the logo on the key is absolutely
massive you can see it kind of matches
up with the one in front of the car but
without further ado let's unlock this
bad boy and go inside
whoa them lights down okay so here is
the interior of the car boys as you can
see this car is pure luxury so
everything made in here is handmade
stitching is on point it's just a
gorgeous car and it comes to a free
child yes you heard me right guys you
got free child would you buy this what I
love especially the gear has like a
Bentley logo on here exactly yeah you
can actually press it like a butter
check this out value
I don't know I don't even know what it
does guys I probably part oh yeah
alright again as a kid contracts kids
gone we're going to quickly switch it on
so you can hear it
you ready yeah Benjen on you heard it
there guys this car is loud very very
laughing louder than a Lambo that's why
many review nothing else to say gorgeous
car very hey hey what the hell my
brother will show you a really cool
invention okay I want to show you the
coolest gadget I've ever seen for an
iphone so this right here is an iPhone
case and I know it's like a normal
orange iPhone case but this is heat no
no no no it's like it's a thermal case
guy yeah so it reacts with heat so when
it gets hot it gets orange like this but
when it gets cold it turns black so to
show you what it does we're going to put
some ice on it all right
oh my god Wow
once you heat it back up look at this
one tonic sir please go get yours on
both blogs Instagram DMV I'll sell you
some 500 terms of IQ voice of the thing
is our friends are actually leaving our
house right now so we're going to say
goodbye to the Bentley beautiful car
guys like absolutely gorgeous the thing
is I'm not sure if you guys know like
that car is actually like the same price
of some Lamborghinis and stuff that's
how high up is anyways boys for now are
saying goodbye to the Bentley so soon
sued by Pisa sad you just saw our
friends just left our house right now
boys it was actually super fun because
we were playing Monopoly together guys
I'm not sure how many if you know this
game I'm pretty sure all of you should
know it but guys I want to show you my
Monopoly board because mine is
special I don't think they sell it
anymore so check it out whoo whoo you
ready for this guys
all right three two one whoa anyways you
guys know how much I love my money out
here a maker a two L's later okay so the
thing is it's 11 o'clock right now but
my friend said you want to go have some
dessert right now and you know me guys I
can't turn down food so right now mr.
Pham you're actually heading back out to
go eat again me
what the hell is wrong you take it out
there's a full moon right now odd yo so
right now we're about to eat our
delicious spirit as you can see my
brother is destroying his food oh sorry
guys I need to stop eating like this is
not healthy for me this is not healthy
at all
when the food hits you man when you get
some free food man Rihanna killing you
on another song trying to imagine I met
this girl I met we read write shout-out
to Rihanna I hope you still remember me
if you do like you know just DM me on
instagram Assad and Irina I love you
guys I love you yeah yeah I was not
going to see this Rihanna's watching -
she knows Randa I know you're watching
I know you're watching everything I
watching and if she is DME mo underscore
angry hands really gonna DM you Rihanna
lo DME one day I can guys believe and
you will achieve hello
bubbles are you okay what this is our
cat's way of expressing his feelings I
think it's the life are you in there
buddy
are you in there buddy is is she's alive
but isn't one anyways guys I don't do
you guys have seen this but we actually
have a new TV but you know do you mean
that was our TV until we figure it on
cuz all right yeah
while doing the bow-wow challenge oh
okay so far out of today's video I
should have told you guys about
something that's been on my head it's
kind of been annoying me to the point
where I want to share it with you guys
so thing is I realized lately there is
just so many haters in this world like
not just on the internet I mean in this
entire world like I was just watching
another youtuber they literally tried to
stop him from making vlogs just because
they don't like him like what is I one
of his neighbors complaining like you
make too much noise but it's just it's
so sad that we live in a world where
others just don't like you too
happy like it's just honestly it's sad I
told you to get off my chest guys I just
I can't handle seeing that in real life
specially anyways I'll see you guys some
more guys keep grinding I love you all
don't freak out doing Apple Airport
giveaway so if you guys wanna enter to
win subscribe down below
don't let the payers get to your head
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo
