yoyoyo good morning everyone welcome
back to another video so we are starting
out today's vlog at the beach I'm here
with my boy ali-a and today I know this
sounds weird but randomly out of nowhere
he cooled reno's are you bro let's go
fly boarding watch it bro how is this
even a good idea it's not I know I'm
actually kind of sad because the last
time I came jet skiing and flyboarding
was a Marine was in Dubai so yeah we had
a lot of fun guys yeah
do you like Naveen yes oh sorry
all jokes aside right now it's time to
go fly boarding so let's go and have
some fun you ready No Oh guys my
camera's not waterproof like should I go
I don't know okay I'll take that camera
no you take this camera
oh but thinks we're gonna go quite far
so actually we might not be able to take
this so right now we're putting the jet
pack in my feet oh my god it's cold it's
I'm really scared of being in the ocean
guys like yeah do you guys don't you
realize how scared I am of like sharks
and stuff so like being in the ocean
alone it's like very scary
this action it feels like you're flying
in the sky like honestly there's no
feeling like being in there with water
pushing you up guys like this is unreal
and you can see me I'm good I'm
literally flying in the air right now
like we are oh my god what was that is
right now but I couldn't get out of here
guys it's just the fact that there could
randomly be like a shark under me right
now it's like oh did somebody get me out
the water right now in the private panic
attack you know as I said guys the last
time I was here is when the other
youtuber Narine was here so it kind of
brings back memories there guys we are
literally torturing the guys behind us
we're pulling the jet ski behind us and
all the water is splashing in the face
right now
I'm not sure if you guys saw what just
happened while I was flyboarding but the
engine on the jetski actually stopped
and your boy literally just crashed down
into the water so if you guys was
wondering if you guys are wondering why
I came down so quick like the engine
just stopped and I just crashed down
right now they're actually bringing the
jetski out of the water and if you've
ever wondered how they take jet skis in
and out of water this is how they do it
here's the thing now that we're done
with flyboarding right now we are about
to go paddle boarding okay basically
we're gonna have like a little board at
a paddle and yeah you guys know what
we're about to do you go first teach me
how it's done guys he told me this is
supposed to be easy all you have to do
is you have to stand on the board and
start rowing oh my god this is easy why
does he look so unbalanced through this
actually looks really satisfying I like
it
easy easy bro I can do this
goodbye moe
Oh
oh yeah okay so I just made a taiko
right now and today has been so much fun
already guys like honestly I've told you
this before but I just love water sports
so much I'm back home right now we got
my beautiful mummy over here and if you
don't already know my birthday isn't
like four days four days guys if you're
not already subscribed subscribe to the
channel down below we're this close to
five million right now me and my mom are
actually heading out we're gonna go over
to the shopping center this week I've
been spoiling myself so much like I
constantly been shopping for myself yeah
bro what happened are you so mad bro
why are you so mad bro I don't show the
website but I bought a tea infuser it
says set of 1 tea infusion a strainer
yeah set of 1 there you go I bought this
for 22 so I was expecting a set today my
sister's super mad because she did some
online shopping
I like be completely scammed her like
they're supposed to send her like a set
of these like teeth what's up bro
they're showing you two different colors
because it's just that's how life goes
good luck getting your money back bro
you getting mad I'm getting rich aged
what so right now me and my mom just
made it over to the mall
and I don't know what's going on over
here but in the parking like just a
normal parking there's like a group of
ten Lamborghinis and Ferraris like what
I'm not making this up right now check
it out
Lamborghini Ferrari Lamborghini another
two Ferraris like this this is the
normal parking lot like I'm not shocked
about the cars because we see these cars
a lot on the blog I'm just shocked that
they're all here in the parking lot like
it what is going on oh there goes the
truck red forever okay now here's the
thing there's actually a special reason
why I've come over to the mall today and
it's not just to go around and do
shopping it the reason I'm actually here
is right now I'm picking up a very very
special pair of shoes okay and if you
guys are into shoes you'll know what it
is but I'm quickly going this is it I'm
clearly gonna go get them right now and
I'll show you what they are in the car
alright let's do this you wanna picked
up the shoes I'm talking about
I'm sure laughs you're into sneakers
know what they are already but your boy
got the brand new Jordan off white
collapse yeah oh my god so guys let's
open them up the thing is they're books
is very normal which is kind of weird
but let's get onto the shoe guys Wow
there you go guys off why if you know
about sneakers you know how special
these are but these bad boys are going
for $2,000 online $2,000 cash bearing in
mind like the the price you pay from the
store is like $300 or something so yeah
you can kind of see the ratio your boy
got a pair of them guys I can't wait to
wear them with like a white outfit so
yeah you see I just invested in another
shoe I just invested my money like this
isn't even cool shopping this is
investing we paid like 300 for this one
guys this is an investment guys I don't
know where am I right now you guys might
be wondering where I've come over to
right now basically I quickly came to
see my boy wash a pretty much right now
I quickly came over to Ross sheds
friend's house and guys like every
single day I meet a new rich friend like
hook one of Rogers friends so guys check
out this house it looks beautiful guys
let's go inside oh my god oh oh oh how
many rich friends do you have bro every
red has a magic but can I meet your
friends why are you not introducing me
right
up out of the video I just thought I'd
show you this house cuz it looks so damn
beautiful come check out the swimming
pool so this is like that gardening area
over here if you're like I could do like
an MTV Cribs tour of each one of
Russia's friends let me know what you
guys like that down so look at this in
the back they have this really cool
light simple it's dope is don't look at
these places like a mansion anyways
we're gonna close the gate behind us
alright peace out peace out
so right now we are finally back home we
got my sister Lana and this is her
official reaction to my new shoes no
don't do that cuz they it's worth a lot
of money this is the hottest shoe in the
game right now I love the fact that
there's a law like hidden surprises in
the shoe so if you guys peel this part
back it says 85 so I didn't know that
then secondly there's just like a lot of
like these small details in the shoe and
the Box guys look at the box so it's
actually a box which can open from the
top so you can see this shoe check this
out
woah so guys normally is like that and
you can actually kind of see the shoe
under it when you do that sometimes
vlogging gets hard just because I don't
know how to store off my sentences but I
actually need to apologize to somebody
right now okay I know this is really
weird
but basically you guys saw me call out a
youtuber da da de big star I called him
out to a boxing match now the thing is I
actually didn't know this until now but
a lot of people told me that apparently
he broke like his neck or like a
collarbone or III don't know exactly
what happened but he broke a bone in his
body
so I didn't know this until right now
and I realized yo he probably can't
fight me if he's got like a broken neck
or something so I want to say sorry to
be stuck at his pretty much I don't
think he can fight alright bi quickly
to say that because I just found out
about that situation guy so no I'm sorry
I didn't want to fight somebody with a
broken neck
I didn't know his neck is broken all
right I'm sorry
as I love you guys all my end of today's
vlog here as I said in four days hu
boy's birthday
I'm turning 23 so I'll see you guys in a
couple days when I'm older yeah Leon Oh
