we just met Karim Benzema guys do good
morning what is that everybody welcome
back to day two here in the bye guys I
slept until 4:00 p.m. today so we're
starting the vlog out a little bit late
guys but I'm gonna blame the jetlag for
that okay the thing is today I have a
bunch of plans I need to do guys one of
them is very special it's probably gonna
be the title of this video yes
I'm meeting a football player guys yeah
I mean what can I say man what can I see
if you got the plug you got the plug
anyways right now we're going to head
out boys so let's quickly choose a car
and let's go this is how you choose what
car to take out any meenie miney moe
pick a toddler by the toe any mini miney
moe I pick you hmm I guess it is gonna
be the Lambo oh here goes nothing boys I
love this car so much let me explain
something to you guys when it comes to
Lamborghinis they're not very
comfortable but when you sit inside them
you feel like a god like you feel like
you're on the next level
mommy let's go oh you guys I told you
not the most comfortable car in the
world now before we head out guys Lana
finally got ready as well she's going to
be joining us in her car okay yes I'm
sorry Lamborghinis our two seats it was
either your mommy okay right now the car
is in normal mode look how loud it gets
my turn to sports
remember no revving okay oh my god
sounds loud my goodness
yo alright guys so the first place
you've actually come over to this is the
camera shop now you guys remember before
I left to America I left two of my
camera's for repair and I still haven't
gotten them so right now I'm quickly
gonna go pick them up guys know is it
closed please don't tell me it's closed
like you I think the other doors open
guys my camera my camera like you know
something inside there which is a good
sign
please be open yes yes yes yes they're
open yo I wish to check it out here they
are my two cameras are finally fixed
guys it's funny these guys over here
have no idea who we are but they took a
picture of my mom because they thought
she sucks or celebrity so ya know that
was the funniest thing ever guys
basically right now I met some your
squad you took photos of me and then two
other guys which had no idea who we were
Kaymer took photos of love evo because
they thought like we're both celebrities
or something I like they don't even know
we are they're like midget is like do we
take photos mom emo and I was laughing
my head up all right yo go for it man
Yolo okay gang gang gang gang okay guys
so check it out right now I brought my
family out to have some food if you guys
remember I actually have vouchers for
free chicken Fernando's guys oh I'm
being very cheap right now they don't
even know what's going oh she doesn't
even know she doesn't know I'm giving
her free food guys anyways right now
we're quickly gonna have some food guys
about the guys crammed much about you
you're embarrassing I have a reputation
out here and emos here it's like I don't
know wonder what your condo Nina doesn't
get much better straight oh my
god okay the fruit just made it here
check it out BAM
holy moly guys the best part is it's
free it's free girl she doesn't
understand what I'm Sam's lay you know
the pancake body right away too late
holy moly this is one spicy chicken
anyways for now on eating guys so yeah I
guess it's time to head out of here
Oh yo I boy so check it out right now I
just made it over to my friend's house
and I told you something special is
going down
check it out the Bugatti oh yeah okay so
the thing is right now we're actually
heading over it's like a meeting I don't
know what to call it guys basically it's
top secret but we're taking the Bugatti
so you already know it's going to be
special guys the thing is I'm not sure
how much I'm going to record for you
because as I mentioned everything is top
secret the moment guys but we're going
in this bad boy and that's good enough
for my vlog today guys so let's go okay
guys check it out right now we're in the
Bugatti as you can see we're heading
over to our top secret location but
being in this car alone guys it's so
exciting because you just feel like the
king of the road all right guys here
goes nothing open road good hi where I
gathered on the poly Roly discarded so
much speed
the first place we came with the Bugatti
is actually to the petrol station which
is typical Bugatti problems because they
literally drink the petrol I'm literally
just enjoying chillin in the car like
that's how fun it is to go around this
target honestly but as soon as you get
out of the car like this everybody is
looking there's not one person that
doesn't look to see like who's getting
out of Bugatti
it just happens to be me and my friend
man I'm sorry y'all I'm just letting
your mind
yo okay so I'm not sure if you guys
realize what just happened right now I
just met Karim Benzema basically we were
at the Majlis
of His Highness Sheikh Omar and I met
him I met him guys and the figures right
now you might be wondering where we are
we actually came to eat over here at
this tent and I was sitting with him
right now guys I think he's going to
come out hopefully I'll get him on the
vlog is all but super awesome guy like
yo this is crazy guys I told you we were
up to something guys I just didn't know
how much I can blog anyways look at the
squad right now we got the rolls-royce
with the plate number five over here
guys look at this bad boy and obviously
we got the Bugatti over there in the
back we got the Bentley guys the squad
is rolling out today
Yallah ready 1 2 3 yellow ok boy so for
now we're heading out if you just
quickly took some pictures of Ben's in
my himself he's heading out in the
Bugatti guys you know honestly the thing
is guys I was gonna love with him but so
many people take photos they kind of
gets annoying so I didn't want to like
pester him even more or we got a couple
selfies with him for now we're heading
out in the Rolls Royce so let's go ready
no man my man Messi over here holy moly
what a crazy day today ok boys so right
now I'm heading off home I don't think
you realize how crazy my day has been
guys honestly I know I didn't vlog too
much for you guys but for the past two
hours I was chilling with Karim Benzema
like we're having dinner we're having
like through platters I mean it was
Lakshmi guys good thing is as I
mentioned guys I didn't vlog too much
with him because I didn't want to be all
up in his face but it was fun we
actually spoke a lot you watched my vlog
he even said yellow yellow guys eye
cream and Emma said yellow yellow not
like my man I love you anyways if you're
watching this yeah seriously man hit me
up man make sure to check out my
Instagram bam bowl underscore vlogs on
the store cuz I'll be posting up all the
photos I took with him there I took more
photos than anything else I didn't
really vlog too much but we took like
selfies sitting on the Bugatti together
and stuff like that so yeah it is crazy
guys you don't want just to show you
boom yes that's me in Korean Benzema on
a Bugatti a my boy Messi sitting on a
Bugatti I mean it doesn't get much
better than that
I made it alright boys I finally made it
back home right now what a crazy day
it's been before I say goodbye to you
guys I just want to say one thing I know
today I was super excited to be Karim
Benzema guys but honestly if you think
about it in this world were all humans
again we're literally all equal we're
all like flesh and bones and if you
shoot
we're all going to dial it literally
there's nothing that separates us but
the thing is what makes us who we are is
what we do in life so I sort of say guys
chase your dreams there's anything you
want to do just chase it and trust me
look cream Benzema he's a world star
football player but he's made out of
flexible just like us me-mow blocks I'm
a world-class camera holder
I'm a not I'm a world but hey guys you
get the point there guys as always about
a rival today is oh gee I hope you have
enjoyed insane experience guys yeah
let's see how tomorrow goes man I swear
like these divided loads are somehow
becoming lit as always don't forget to
subscribe down below don't forget being
a MacBook Pro giveaway so make sure to
bail click here to subscribe video click
here to watch my last video and as
always Yolo Yolo
oh go
