Wow oh my god lekar just stop guys and
I'm good it's okay so I just car
stopping for me I know I'm okay I'm I'm
good good thank you small I seriously
want to kill you right now
where are you man wow that was so cool
good morning from America yo our voice
oh my sister finally woke up right now
she's behind the camera say what's up
yeah yeah yeah
hi boys it's a beautiful sunny day as
you can see we are finally back into my
guys and I'm not sure if you know this
but we still have the Lamborghini
Aventador guys Stanton is our boy so
it's good night I drove it once sincere
oh wait I've been away for two weeks and
this Lamborghini has been parked here
doing nothing literally nothing so what
are you trying to take it out it's
beautiful man I should have driven first
day back in Dubai and I'm already
excited to go out let's do this yo you
already know guys my favorite thing
about this car is the doors check it out
you're like such a vault
look at the doors they look so funny
like that looks like a jihad a music
video man we're back in the bar baby
let's go typical to my problem we have
too many cars blocking the driveway so I
quickly need to move the rolls-royce
guys oh I got rich people in there I'm
sure is gonna take a u-turn guys its
Lamborghini time like God nothing money
than a jet lag in a Lamborghini
I know this is really weird but I'm
dropping my sister off at the bus stop
if anyone stops for me what do I say I
know listen up all everything is crazy I
swear they like knowledge I'll see you
guys from the outside okay you just you
have to see this car in action this
super loud so I'm just waiting here and
there's nobody here guys there's like
cars passing by let's just wait and
don't look at any car that passes me
because I'm sure they're going to say
something like trying to hit you
oh my god car just stopped guys I kind
of stopped and I'm good it's ok sorry
guys just car stopping for me he thought
I'm probably looking for someone oh my
gosh
yo I straight when I'm holding the
camera okay now there's people honking
from me and this car is not leaving
great I know I'm okay I'm I'm good good
thank you I'm making me thank you thank
you thank you come on I seriously want
to kill you right now
where are you mad
Wow that was so cool
I just want to show you this guy's
waiting you just thought for me he's
asking me like are you okay you need a
right I shall run into difficulty sure
those ostriches he can either be
questionably I'm good I'm good I'm good
we're alone let me take a look I'm
pulling my friends out with a camera
always read it I don't worry too much no
please don't ever leave me all alone man
there you go boys you learnt something
new today don't stand on the side of the
road if I can rely just like your
weaving anyways I think it's time to say
everyone oh yes
lowly Oh No pump it okay I know this is
a really weird situation guys my sisters
in the aventador the reason is right now
we just saw a dog running around in our
area and it's actually our neighbor's
dog the thing is I don't know if it's
like safe to touch him because he's like
a pitbull guys but I'm just gonna try
anyways because he's lost and I feel
really bad
I saw him go somewhere down here and I'm
really scared because I don't want him
to be like a wild dog so alright let's
see how this goes guys this is really
scary come come come come come come
hi guys here is shut up
they're something guys here he is he
seems really scary but he's also
friendly go on come come come come come
come come come come
okay she's a big one honey there you go
oh holy moly we did it again guys okay
so the dog was actually really friendly
guys but the thing is with any dog it's
just really scary to approach them just
in case they're not anyways guys we got
the dog back over to our neighbor's
house right now whoo we did it down
sells a massive dog I know you're
jumping all over me
I have no idea how my days always start
like this guys I just came to take one
lap around the area with the Aventador
and it turned into rescuing a pitbull or
I don't even know what that was guys I
don't think the people it was just a big
dog like a very very big dog what are
you doing
our voices since I landed this morning I
actually haven't slept at all which
means I'm about to pass out right now so
yeah guys I think I need to take a
little nap before I can continue
blogging otherwise I'm gonna die I'm
actually so tired of parting with the
Steep I quickly need to give my sister
her present guy so let's go okay calm
down guys it's not Victoria Secret it's
a bag okay yeah yes definite others
anyways enjoy I'm going to bed bye good
morning morning Hey
alright guys so I just woke up from my
nap right now but you guys actually
haven't seen bubbles in like two weeks
so here he is guys she's still alive I
think he just woke up from a nap guys I
he's confused right now hello hello
nope you just want to sleep again it is
on sleep it again he's me to the edge hi
guys obviously the first place I had to
come to is the wall hey yo guys check
out this really cool thing they have
going on at the mall there's literally a
Sun in the middle and the planet Earth
is going around it that is awesome
like guys if you look at that it's going
around like a clock that is crazy
anyways boy slight change of plans right
now I'm actually going over to see sigan
basically I think he misses
you guys so he wants me to come out
dinner with him you know him you guys I
don't know he's just really attached
yoyoyo yeah when that mention guys one
hour he can't even be without me he's
already calling me more please come eat
food
I miss you everything like that you know
you're the one who called on you guys
wearing the same shirt today yeah Oh
eyebrow yeah I missed you so much man
thank you but fortunately you have your
blog with always been for watching so
I'm not sure if you noticed the whole
time were in the u.s. Saiga was
searching for airports and he finally
managed to get them guys that y'all
Neptune I need the airports bro I'm
doing another giveaway can I borrow them
today absolutely right I'm doing a
giveaway
I gave away the first back in Dubai you
know what that means
Laura can see gelato Moroccan is are you
and that the thing is I'm actually
heading out here I need to go buy myself
some formal clothes so just a piece out
for the boys good seeing you for five
minutes then I'm gonna work for I can't
work out tonight I'm too busy for the
girl I'm too busy breathe it wasn't you
today
oh good morning what is up guys I know
you guys are super confused right now
why I'm saying good morning basically
guys for the past five hours
I wasn't blogging because I was working
on something top-secret case let me just
tell you guys it might have to do with
the music video for you don't know man I
thought you guys were right no no okay
guys trust me the next music video me
and my sister are making is going to be
better than the first on okay it only
can get better there's no way it can get
worse so lights out let's go
ahh you know what before I literally
pass out guys I'm going to say goodbye
to all of you on today's vlog I just
want to say I missed the by so so much
so stay tuned for the vlogs that are
coming up guys I got a ton of crazy
things planned
out but yet today was my first day I was
super jet lag so there wasn't too much
crazy stuff going on please bear with me
guys
your boy could die that's how much work
I've been doing I could die guys so yeah
I love you guys all don't freak out
doing a MacBook Pro giveaway don't click
you to subscribe to enter video click
here to watch my last video and as
always I'll see you guys more I love you
fine
