cattlemen camp youkai this looks like
you've been here for three weeks wake up
and wake up good morning everyone what
is love welcome back to another vlog I
woke up this morning and there is noises
in my room again okay I'm not lying guys
I have bridge to prove it what is that
noise what is that noise yes Nora as you
can see guys I woke up had some
nightmares and then went back to sleep
but today is our one and only day in
London boys so right now we're going to
head out this beautiful hotel and let's
have some fun goodbye hotel see you soon
see you soon bye
and with each occasion
good morning London I love it so check
it out right now you've actually come
over to central London the thing is we
need to buy a couple of things
oh my goodness I'm gonna die I'm gonna
die serious disease we need to buy a
couple of things while we're here in
London we're actually only going to be
here for a couple hours voice oh let's
get crackalacking whoever Givenchy is
please sponsor my boy over here please
he loves your stuff oh look at the Hat a
black t-shirt shopping with rich people
is the most annoying thing ever they
spent too much money on stuff that is
not needed okay look at this the stuff
he's buying is so expensive they're
actually tied down I never see this he's
trying to wear the jacket what they've
actually tied it with a security piece
I've always wanted to do this or getting
in one of these little taxis over here
what it's recognizing us okay we're
finally off the bike guys run just get a
fall and get as far as we as possible
one of the year's core members is
running who's that your vote is that you
all like no it's not me and I know
sometimes in life the weirdest things
can turn out the most fun like like this
guy like get the hell out of you guys
yes I how are you yeah shout out your
voice
my boyfriend loves you that shoutout or
boyfriend watches me but I appreciate
you again him attention instead of me
hey listen guys if you have a girlfriend
take me over them now you don't need
them okay like look what I did Stephanie
oh where is she now Brooke is so damn
nice girl okay guys it's officially time
we are heading back to the hotel we're
late we're late we're late
there's only one song you can play when
you're late to somewhere okay all our
friends are dead push me to that you
know what's funny ever since I met sigan
my channel went downhill thank you I bet
you anywhere eight hundred came now at
three point five Michigan what does that
mean
you owe me 2.7 million I have no idea
how this happened but the traffic
blessed the skies there was actually no
traffic on the way let's go goodbye
miracle I was so nervous I had to spend
another day with I get like that was
dreadful
that was the worst thing that could ever
happen to do that we have to be quick
we're gonna miss our flight
we have no time in the lounge rock we
have we have Joe okay so I'm not sure if
this is new but I've never actually seen
this in the airport guys would they have
a whole fountain section over here Oh
you officially lost it oh sorry so I
didn't record come on I'm just getting
your okay so the thing is guys
sigan is flying in first loss when I'm
flying in business but hopefully
Emirates recognize me and upgrade me for
free they know that's the plan
Oh wish me luck I'm about to attempt to
get a free first loss life that's just
given the business classes free right
are you guys the business loss might not
be paid by me I'm not sure who paid for
it but it was kind of for him you can't
separate us for our separate abou okay
our love is way too strong to be
separated book no matter now except
there for yo I don't even think oh yeah
yeah yeah guys I don't know great yes so
our voice they literally just called my
name right now they're like your mo
blogs come to reception so
I did it free upgrade oh yeah what'd you
say about that you paid so much and I
got it for free guys when I think about
the best day of my life I'm always going
to remember today I got a free upgrade
to sit next design you know this looks
like an amazing babe you don't even know
happy I am right now I'm not sure if I'm
allowed to show you this but if you ever
come close to the lounge just type this
password in I got you homies I got you
now you don't even need to upgrade you
get free Wi-Fi for free free Wi-Fi free
we have to open our own door
Oh No okay guys to check it out this is
my C over here Saiga is actually sitting
on the other side come on man anyways
right now I just made it onto the plane
check it out
you already know guys this is what you
call a beautiful seat I know I do this
every time I'm here guys the fam oh yeah
of course I quickly came over to the
bathroom again basically I want to show
you what they give you when you go
holy moly the lights to personally thank
you anyways I want to show you guys what
I got soon as I enter the flight guys
because they literally give you a goodie
bag tire I got some slippers I got some
pajamas you got a shaving kit anyways
boys the place just about take off so I
guess obviously you guys wants to get to
Dubai by the way don't forget later on
I'm coming to take my shower so we
dabble know all right guys check it out
even though they put us far far from
each other I will never know how travel
how just human just come a milk well is
the guy the first guy doing with the cow
sorry they're going to add restrict me
for this video dad are you saying don't
just think it sometimes I'm thinking
although you
it's officially my favorite part of this
fight guys I'm about to take my shower
there yeah oh yeah I'll see you guys all
Friday in my shower so peace out our
voice our is officially complete I'm
absolutely freezing right now I'm
quickly going to dry my hair and we're
good to go
oh they just put my breakfast right now
and I am so happy because they haven't
done fence
girl I got you some breakfast bro girl
you know how hard it is to get one of
these on their plane all right guys I'm
here and look at look at this guy here I
have my privacy I thought right this is
called privet but then you open the door
and you have why don't you go to your
seat man sitting on the floor well we
got the first-class seat for you to go
and sit there just no enough people on
the floor which is the first boss for
every
uh a quick thank you all the with him
equipment look a few moments later with
one hour the table guys
what are you doing all right and we are
officially back into my guys anyways
flight just landed we're heading off
guys so let's go we haven't even got off
the airplane and I can already feel the
heat that sounds like your voice it
feels good to be back anyways right now
we're just in the airport about to head
out this place we quickly got our
luggage boys the thing is we have a lot
of luggage guys check it out
Danielle holy moly it's like we brought
Stephanie back in the suitcases man is
she high early Rees guys right now we're
heading to go get a taxi so let's go
okay guys we're officially saying
goodbye to Saigon for now peace out I'll
see you in about a month okay
right now I'm quickly gonna head on home
I actually need to call my mom to tell
her I'm coming I don't even think she
knows what time my flight was guys but
it feels weird to be back right now
honestly I feel like I've been gone
forever but we're back in action guys
quickly gonna go see the family right
now so let's go love it
hey guys we made it my god
hi mommy how are you okay we're finally
home guys back with the family okay you
know guys as always I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I hope you enjoyed now
that I'm back I'm gonna quickly go sleep
so I love you guys all if you did enjoy
this trip make sure to smash the like
button I'm that good mom Evo right now
so a but yeah guys I love you guys I'll
see you guys tomorrow where I'm
freshened up because right now I'm super
tired so go down below click subscribe
yeah as always Yolo Yolo oh wait don't
forget subscribe watch my last video
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
