yo what is up everybody welcome back to
another video so today is a special day
what day is it Lana yeah so if you guys
haven't seen already which you should
have seen two days ago today is the day
my sister's releasing her music video
even though you guys saw it two days ago
I feel like after this video you're
going to be dealing with a lot of
keyboard warrior anything is going to
make the situation worse
okay so the thing is today I'm actually
heading out to go see my man sigan later
on if you guys don't already know who
sigan is you played yourself because you
don't watch my vlogs but yeah basically
he's my friend he's very rich and that's
all you need to know before I had
actually want to try something out I'm
not that great when it comes to editing
but let's give this a shot guys right
three two one I don't know how that
turned out but hopefully it looks like
everything is burning around me right
now yeah alright alright alright
swimming pool woo you don't realize how
much I love this swimming pool yeah as I
mentioned today is officially the day
where my sister's music video is being
released and honestly I can't wait just
because I want to see people's reactions
to it like I don't think it's gonna have
a great reaction but it's gonna be
hilarious you know just reading the
comments and all of the hey ed oh ah
it's just gonna be so cringe no yeah
hey mom are you ready to go how do you
feel about today's music video do you
like it are you a good parent and good
parents know the truth yeah
yo alright so check it out points the
first place me and my mom came over to
into the shopping center there's two
things we need to do number one she's
getting her iphone fixed hashtag
relatable number two she needs to go get
her Rolex adjusted so yeah it turns out
she has it way too tight and insults her
hand from like blood circulation and
hits that tight heavy raise right now my
mom's creepy getting the bow fix up but
look at these donuts they have over here
guys
wow wow wow this looks so delicious stay
away from me donuts I don't like you so
check it out my mom's phone actually had
a battery problem and right now if you
can see this they quickly went and
replaced the battery so this is the new
one guys and then you close the phone
and it works
yay
check it out we're at the rolling store
a in the road next door yeah
okay guys hopefully they don't take us
out but as you can see guys check it out
mommy am I allowed to record it I don't
I don't know by the way look at this
really cool store they have over here
whoa that is so satisfied to stare at
like it's pulling you in
slowly oh yeah sign on the lost person
you guys want to hear advice from when
it comes to eating healthy but right now
we quickly came to buy some fruit and
the reason I'm telling you this recently
I keep on eating a lot of junk food at
home and I talked to one of my friends
and he told me your mole if you want to
get into shape what you need to do is
buy a ton of fruit and whenever you're
hungry at home instead of going to have
a cake or instead of having anything
dessert just go and grab like an apple
or an orange and eat that instead
alright mommy bye bye see you soon
ma all jokes aside right now I'm heading
over to go see my man sighting Yin so
let's see what he's been up to man hello
are you ready to go out Seiken I told
you stop drinking man you can't be
drinking in the morning with the bread
but I milk coconut hashtag not sponsored
guys oh yes I don't need to get respect
upon street okay boys I told you I want
to get into shape right now so me inside
did we came to the gym not work out yeah
okay basically you guys know my sister's
music video just dropped I once I get to
watch her I gave him he hasn't watched
it anyway my battery's low when hate
percent is that an advantage Annika
for my shot right not bad it looks deep
oh wow fuck you actually was rapping and
singing I honestly feel like that was a
good video now so far I give you a good
video let's say it wasn't your work
there wasn't much no I think it's it's
especially especially professional so
good where do you get these costumes
know where you got the bugs you gotta
fly
okay man I've got a big announcement to
tell you guys freshmen awesome guys I
actually need your help on one thing now
that you've seen the music video again I
want every single one of you to call
into any radio station you know and
request this song to be played anything
you can just angle it up guys
if this pops the charts oh three
Bugattis for everybody I don't care
pretty for everybody there's a lot of
there's a lot of artists down here so
right now we just got into my car and if
you guys don't know the rolls-royce
ghost doesn't have the button at the
front you said I have Zygon is refusing
to close the door without abide are you
hitting a do just close the door the
most comfortable part about this car is
the carpet look my finger literally
disappears
no but it's really really comfy okay boy
so check it out right now me and sigan
quickly came over to this restaurant
he's actually brought me here and they
have the coolest pineapple you're ever
going to see in the world this place is
actually really beautiful guys it goes
down front
yeah they closed the whole place for us
which is pretty cool and nice of
themselves let's go though the keyboard
Florida where with you Andrew steps I'm
gonna go off the chart was it even right
off the junk on gonna go off it's very
gonna be on the chart okay check it out
boys this is what we came for
oh oh thank you so much and there you
have it boys
pineapple from another world good so
there is some fresh berries raspberry
library some passion fruit homemade
vanilla syrup and finally to Carla's
awesome thank you I'm pretty sure this
is the drink no Cheers
it's not the same smoke you used in your
video no no he's professionals oh whoa
okay so we just had that pineapple drink
boys I'll be honest it was kinda on the
funny side I know it sounds bad but we
have two options okay we're either gonna
go to the gym right now or we're gonna
go have some chocolate milkshakes
so what about both Ella to know you need
to work hard and then play you know what
what doesn't go out of my head there is
a video today but I don't get in this
charger takes away energy I was at pool
when I came inside one percent abroad
China I'm trying to feed my engine with
some electricity right having
outside your door you tell me oh I'm
learning to learning stop
look I'm gonna I'm gonna sleep tonight
and wake up sweating ah downloaded for
free
have you ever listened to German music
no German hip-hop
no he thought warrior remix those born
with the Dickinson a gentle collision
today is any throwing the song the love
what that's right yeah no you can cut it
out so I know what Google Translator
have to say this this is really bad he
posted that video on his sister's Lana's
channel fool her like she has such a
good reputation on her Jennifer it was
so bad you didn't put it on your channel
back at least Lana you might get a lot
of attention from the YouTube community
if you had a bad day or want to make
someone else's day bad just forward that
video right now we just made it over to
the spot where they have the milkshakes
this is science first time here I can't
believe he's never heard about this
place so let's go and show him some nice
milkshakes
check this out boys here goes nothing
Wow
that is our cotton candy milkshake you
know this is the best place to not lose
weight you can eat three days in the
holiday Modi that looks amazing I'm not
sure if you realize how big this is
bro I know you're not having it but you
have to have the cookie one this is for
you again we're having a second
milkshake right now boys this is
presiding it's a cookie bro it's not
even that bad for you really okay so
both the milkshakes already now check
out these beauties guys
Wow Wow this is my meal over here boys
and then that side inner are you kidding
me need to be lean for the summer yeah
Thanksgiving two milkshakes six wings
and one sided layer I'm going to the gym
are we done with the vlog right now and
done that all right for now we're saying
goodbye to sigan so peace out adios
until next time we ate food we had a gym
session kind of a bit of an hour saying
he starts off by five blocks family I
never seen it yeah leo low speed bye
so right now I just made it home boys
and six the music video has been
released it's been like four hours by
the way just to let you know I want to
take you to some of the comments that
you're as good at believing Adams Lana
died off three servings of human she
sounds retarded but the Sheep he's an
evil genius I say guys we worked so hard
on it anyways thanks again for all the
support you guys have left on that video
have you ever seen some of these mom
here 100k just wish congratulations
thank you goodnight any any messages I
mean any messages to your 100,000 fans
so as always over a wrap up today's look
here now that I'm in my room I just want
to say thank you guys so so much for the
support you guys do leave on the channel
Oh jokes aside I love you guys you guys
are my squad ride-or-die we out here
don't forget I'm doing a giveaway where
I'm giving away Apple Airport so if you
guys want to win go down below subscribe
and comment on this video why you want
to win I don't know do something guys
stay tuned I love you guys little click
here to subscribe click here to watch my
last video and yes Yolo Yolo boom
