yeah yeah what is that welcome to a
special video today we're gonna go see
Justin you heard me right anyways the
things I just want to told you guys
about how you can get tickets to go see
Justin Bieber in London plus three
flights of every top-secret don't tell
anybody you guys only let's find out
basically I actually go invite to go to
the concert by Liv and if you don't know
what Liv is it's the UAE s first digital
banking basically it's an app where you
can do all your banking from your phone
again guys so all you need to do guys
download the app it looks like this it's
live dots okay scan your Emirates ID by
the way you have to be 18 plus and
that's it and the app is actually
brought to you by Emirates NBD which is
my bank so ah it's a big view guys my
bank yeah they're doing us not belonging
like move like you know what to do yes
guys they even show you deals going on
like deals you can only get by banking
with them you know what just to show you
what it is let me pull out my phone
alright as you can see boys this is the
app and when you come onto it's got a
homescreen they have like a ton of
offers on the home page if you can see
that so for example today there's good
deals on cruises in Dubai you see that
50% off 50% off but yeah getting back to
my point boys if you want to chance to
win the Justin Bieber tickets to London
boys downloads app it's that easy so
yeah anyways we're heading to the Justin
Bieber concert right now let's go hey
that flame is a believer if you see this
I'm sorry I just I'd love that song idea
okay so crazy thing we just peed out my
string fool electrocute you when you
touch it I'm not even kidding
yeah we're going to go back to a clip of
my sister doing it for the person saying
guys it's insane swimming pool
electrocution test part one
we've never seen this in my life where I
was going
electric swimming pool right now well I
I took physics at school if I get to see
Justin Bieber today my life is complete
I'm to give Lana a shot I don't know
everybody back in here they're just
little Justin might even watch this
video if you watch this video and I
didn't meet you just comment down below
Justin that's what we need here and
comment Lana
I think Justin rivers in the car next to
me I think he's on the left there's no
context an account we're going to Justin
Bieber right now so we drop Sabrina just
a JB Sawyer JB let's see
go check it out guys
concert parking whoa we may need it one
day they're gonna be shouting Lada what
y-you said about ISO right now we just
made it over to the outlet Bowl
basically the concert is right next to
this will so until Justin Bieber comes
alone we're just going to chill over
here for a little peanut we're going to
be here we came here to eat but look
what they have over here babe
Iron Man you as you can see was there's
a massive Iron Man over here holy
building I liked you I don't actually
have any tickets to the show zone I came
to shuffle with you made me get this
ready I saw where Abbasid goes ever I
did put on the fake glasses for no
reason I came to the Bulls to hopefully
win some thickets though if we win we're
going to go to the concert you know what
- dude dude - to turn today on the
mother loves Food Channel we're eating
some pasta yes we just finish eating
right now it's time to go see Justin
Bieber
oh my god guys I think we saw Justin
Bieber go ahead man there was three
Cadillacs and two police escorts I'm
pretty sure that's him yeah that was
definitely hemorrhoids
he's just near somewhere he's hiding
just don't hide from me boy
and make some noise to check it out we
finally made it over to the arena look
at the cars behind my sister we got a
rolls-royce right a Lamborghini or else
trace over here
a Ferrari the Sun where the right place
are you check it out boys we just made
it into the VIP section about to go off
a speeding fine daddy
oh that's gonna go right now we're
waiting for like Justin trouble and
today for your screaming whiskey comes
Oh
oh my god
this is bizarre you got company good
night tonight I wish I clearly came
outside from the consular it's crazy
inside there as you can see it's so loud
like I don't even know if you guys can
hear anything while we're in there
laughs Wow I'm looking alive
shout out to Justin if he's killing it
then I AG's go ahead
imagine everybody humid up for you hey
if anybody wants just Adar loan you
gotta go to saw the purpose for
guys it's over
he left us we're gonna say goodbye to
justice by secret back
I say you going to the concert just
finished as you just saw Wow that was
insane honestly that's probably one of
the best concerts I've ever been to
again ever
I never been to my life this is my idol
Justin Bieber is the thing is right now
the concerts finished I'm trying to find
backstage you can't my just I'll try to
by just living god are you where are you
down that I didn't have no idea where to
go it's so busy at acting so I think
we're gonna head off home right now
let's go hopefully we get to leave next
time for now decide punish up you guys
I've adjusted
these guys are laughing at me look at
the amount of traffic right this is
insane
a shout out to this year's got over here
with you was the concert Lior no yeah it
was little bit anyone thank you very she
ate it
hello yeah what's up um I blow - hey
shout out to this guy awesome concert
with lippies also some monster was
living out here but thank you next time
I'm doing a concert you guys coming I
like that is so you know what - uh can
we just go back to my car look at what
they wrote my gosh
shoutout to Leah's okay why does holding
like Lana hell out of here and there's a
car coming on the sand right now in one
of those cars it's actually been an hour
since we've left the concert but we're
still here we're actually just stuck in
traffic like it's that bad okay now
let's stop told you guys because I
honestly haven't even logged enough
today so this is where this is why I
need to cover the rest of like four
minutes I need to make this a proper
blog so let's get talking to each other
my sister was inspired by Justin Bieber
today so that's what she's doing
she's raising me to try to compete with
Justin Bieber
nah guys you guys this is vehicle asking
my sister just be ready
you said you love me now you said you
care now
ah Justin Bieber and say that learner
that knows me they want to feature you
in a video alessa's thank you so before
I wrap up today's video I should have
reacted a very adorable video I just
went online about Justin Bieber's
first-ever TV appearance and you guys
have to see this okay now I'm not sure
many of you know about Justin Bieber but
he was actually discovered through
YouTube let's react to this video guys
here goes nothing
okay I'll sit right here mom sounds even
better than what we've been putting up
videos on YouTube and he is now the
number one most subscribed to musician
in Canada on YouTube on your shoes over
number 20th in the world he's got a long
journey and great plan congratulate damn
I shall attend guys I know today's video
has been all about him so Justin you
better me up with me next time ie I made
a whole video dedicated to you so don't
play yourself further and a little
almost this look here guys I hope you
did enjoy it you haven't already click
over here to subscribe to the channel
click here to watch my last video and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
Galliano
