so I consider it the proof your face to
me you okay
I told the help don't like email me
right
don't buy some guy just a psycho outside
you're a saint you're the everyone
welcome back to another vlog so today is
a very very crazy day we're at the theme
park yes you're bi so basically bum ass
I get is scared of roller coasters today
but I'm forced to hear that those guys
are forcing it on the big ride Sam the
first ride we're going on is the cyclone
guys so you have to come there's no way
you're getting out of this oh my god I'm
not sure if this is a good sign but they
made this ride a hundred years ago this
before there's no return somewhere
Thursday
are you buddy no joke no joke little
shoe it is gonna catch you
I don't know what I recorded a man my
own words I in the air off the tires I
had to hold the phone you have to see
the record he was recording in the air
of the bag and I favor my eyes are void
that was the first ride super crazy my
hand is too shaking so if the fringe
looks bad it's just understand check out
how he leaves the sling look at it they
put you in a cage and you have to push
it
that's your friends'll roof oh right on
look who just made it here Stephanie are
you raging on the rides
yeah yes guys I'm taking her on the
slingshot right now so it's about to go
down so if you don't come back what do
you want your fans to note I just need
subscribe I don't think that what's the
point of this is taking over your last
bullet subscriptions really I love Sean
I love you sister I'm gonna be fine with
it well her last words I love you both
Oh keep your butt outside whoa oh my God
look at this how was it Gary
okay you're good we're good guys Joe our
voice oh right now he just finished off
with all of the rides I'm done
right now there's these guys jumping
over the railing so check this out
yeah they don't have the uniform shirts
on today but because no one's doing
anything on yeah
all of the Superman right there hey guys
we're back into by palm jumeirah as you
can see that's the status pop whatever
it is is so says whoo okay boy so for
now we are finished at the theme park
sigan backed out of half the rides
accommodate expose them right now first
of all this ride is 19 years old made
out of wood and there's a lot of people
who actually had a decision zoom in you
see the rusty part like zooming anyway
the thing is right now we're heading to
go do a little bit of shopping I haven't
bought my mum's sister grandma anything
and if I go back you guys know what
happened I'm just dead by default so
let's go do some shopping Stephanie's
gonna help me out so yeah okay guys to
check it out right now Stephanie's
helping me buy some stuff for my family
the pink purse over there that's for
Lana and then this is for mummy moba
we're trying to find granny Moe
something right now Stephanie what is
that what is this thing I don't think no
she's got a lot to wear that is what is
good I'm not gonna lie right now I
actually hate Stephanie eyes like she
keeps on getting my mama's just an extra
thing she's like though they're gonna
like this perfume they're gonna like
this keyring and I'm like I'm not trying
to spend money because I don't like
anyways guys I got my mama's sister a
perfumers also because of Stephanie this
is all the money I have left
oh why thank you for the $5 existence
guys look at this it's just Stephanie no
more no more yeah she's trying to
convince me to get another online and
guys apparently dollars fun writers
definitely enjoyed her time
guys yeah so annoying he kept telling me
let's go stuff let's go I'm like no
let's get your monkey stuff yo Starbucks
guys okay this is officially my first
time in an American Starbucks guys this
guy all right so we just sold sligon in
Starbucks guys a number one he changed
his name to Charlie I don't know why I
did that and what is this drink so what
is it like a diuretic guys I'm pretty
sure she's stealing somebody else's
coffee we ordered two she got three
Colombians guys you got an extra one
somehow so right now you've actually
come over to the Battery Park and I know
that sounds weird guys but that's the
name of this area basically this is
where the Statue of Liberty is guys I
know you probably don't see anything but
right over there
we didn't have enough money to get boat
there it is right over there okay so
eigen taking a selfie with the Statue of
Liberty you can't see it bro because if
we need to be with its tightly on a Lulu
hi guys obviously the best place to come
with Stephanie would be a nice view as
you can see right now we're just
enjoying the environment in the friend
zone are you still in the friend zone
guys we're gonna forget it we're getting
tension and lightning remember the other
day to edit I did in this vlog I'm not
sure if it's going to be the chef's to
approve it okay
yeah we got it we got it we got it a
brute so I consider it to prove I
consider I consider it a proof that's
approve that's a proof Oh
guys there's a fight breaking out your
face Jimmy you okay I call the hell
nobody help me right
don't fight ya go baby go people because
some guy just a psycho outside y'all oh
okay we're leaving we're leaving guys yo
I would secrete change of location so
you guys know it's the month of ramadhan
right now and then rabid on giving back
to the big thing basically right now
sort of Lex's friends they have this
event every year where they give out
through to the less fortunate
they ought to be excited if you wanted
to come along so we're more than happy
become as important is cool so yeah
let's do this
hopefully it turns out amazing and yes
we can help some people guys dance
without fingers actually I'm really
hungry is all so I might take one of the
meals because I haven't eaten all day so
one of them is we're hungry too you guys
share are you staring so that's easy
all right right now we're just waiting
for the sushi day and we just had a
couple of snacks we gave them out so
yeah
okay so there you go voice right now we
just finished giving out all of the food
we actually had a lot extra but yeah
it's always good to give back you know
regardless of what you got going on in
your life whether a hundred was just ten
just give back whatever you can and I
know there's gonna be a lot of people
questioning why we even load this stuff
for even raising awareness in itself
it's kind of good because maybe one of
you guys will go out there and do the
same thing so it'll count ran at the
same time though he's not always out
there you know what you guys may think
he's going he's really out here
providing giving back to the community
so for the followers and subscribers
people following MO they okay guys right
now we just got pulled over tonight and
they love that pulled over Michael I
don't I put my sing-alongs I'm not sure
if you guys just saw what happened when
we got pulled over by undercover cops I
don't know what happened but we're good
okay we're good right now we're heading
over to somebody even know where we go I
guess we're going to your house you're
gonna hold a football station son all
right we're going to your house high
voice I know this is super super random
but right now we've actually come over
to a prom party basically guys my man DJ
Carmelo is i hosting a prom party and I
was like yo let's go check out how
problems are in the United States gotta
check it out guys just a little blood
holy moly guys right now he finished
with the oh we finished the prom party
we're saying peace out there every so
I'll see you tomorrow 7e until tomorrow
guys 4:40 in the morning right now and
I'm still awake
anyways boys I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog here but before I do I want to show
you guys something very very special are
you guys ready for this okay you ready
for this
valium check it out
yung yola merchandise guys so I told you
that I'm going to be making shirts for
the me angry by the time this video
comes out the me angry is already done
with guys but honestly speaking I'm
really nervous like tomorrow's might be
angry but I just don't know how it's
gonna go it's just ah but anyways as you
can see boys there is the new jumper the
thing is as I mentioned trust me guys
soon I'll be setting up a website where
you guys can buy these but for now it's
only for the me angry it turned out
amazing I'm not gonna lie it turned out
amazing guys ba guys as always I love
you ghazal and don't forget Yolo Yolo
fine wait don't forget guys click here
to subscribe click here to watch my last
video and see ya tomorrow bye bye whoa
