yeah everyone good morning or welcome to
another vlog so today is a special day
before I go anywhere guys check out what
car they have in front of my hotel say
oh yeah boy my Mustang is in America
guys to get a mountain school anyways
boys right now we're actually gonna head
over to the wax museum basically they
have like all the human replicas over
there so let's go alright alright so
check it out boys we just made it over
to the wax museum oh my God look how
really sticky looks guys damn you oh my
god you are not gonna believe who I just
met right now jenna Marbles
if she's one of the biggest youtubers
guys that shot I swear he shot like and
we're gonna we're going to go I'm sorry
Jenna someday the crazy thing is the
first person they have inside here is
actually a youtuber so down today is a
dream come true I mean all of my
celebrity crushes the first one over
here and half the way guys yo guys her
eyes are super creepy look at that what
she's a demon bro
you don't know man Wow can you smell
what The Rock is cooking tonight our
special guest mo vlogs on The Tonight
Show with Jimmy Fallon
this is kind of awkward guys I just ran
into the entire royal family yeah you
heard me eyes hi oh my god guys we have
the Queen in front of me we have the
prince and the princess okay guys I told
you I would make it happen and it's
finally happening today I'm meeting
Donald Trump let's go hi guys I mean
listen I told you the conversation you
guys didn't believe me but here he is my
man Donald Trump whoa that looks amazing
oh my goodness okay guys my man over
there is a real person he's not a wax
figure but everybody thinks he's a wax
figure he's gonna scare somebody
oh geez what the hell was that oh my god
yeah I don't worry to wax we could order
was it out put it out
look at this they actually have a self
playing piano over here what this is
playing yourself
oh my god where are we going right now
actually look so great right oh okay so
they actually even have football players
in this like Museum guys but I gotta
admit
Leonel Messi came out super ugly what
the hell guys look at it oh I just fell
be nice I shall be my girl Rihanna's
here alright alright alright and we are
finally out the biggest I just kept
calling us saying that he's here and
he's not even here
like really brother really here he is
guys finally right now we just when I
was trying good guys in case you didn't
see enough wax figures it's his ball ok
anyways the thing is right now we're
heading over to my boy Lex and my girl
Stephanie guys suck your legs yeah we're
here guys my man Lex Stephanie my prized
possession is here guys ok boys so
before we leave I actually am a little
bit hungry so Stephanie's gonna make me
an omelet this is the ultimate test if
she's a keeper or not
here goes I think this is the ultimate
female test can she make me a good
omelet right now okay okay I have the
butter
here she goes here she goes cookie with
Stephanie out here
then we right now steps adding dominican
salt into the eggs because that's how
she likes it is there a difference in
normal so in dominican salt oh I don't
know
pages a day right dominican salt she has
no idea what she's doing boys
so expression a house anything oh so not
going to be an almond it's just going to
be scrambled egg so I gets taking over
right now
get you a bad that could cook get you a
bad that good Cooper that was just the
part which it wasn't supposed to be
alright we're good we're good we're good
here it is this is the moment of truth
the egg has been made time for the taste
test that is good are you sure you said
that way too quick bro
high five the thing is right now the
plan is basically I'm going right now to
get the bowl blogs official hats so we
have to go check out how they came out
I'm super super excited but yeah guys
that's crazy go get the Hat
and for now let's go okay boys so right
now I just made it to the location where
I'm getting my hats delivered to me the
custom of lugs hat so any time I should
be here with them my way the way
actually looks good yeah how much how
much there you go the mad with the flat
over here are you yeah
doli doli really take nickels nickels
nickels
shout out to live at appreciate it he
killed it with the hats rad yeah you
know we already down one fight
experience so it's lament Dennis's first
time being Stephanie what you think
about anyways Stephanie I don't know why
nice taking all your promises
yeah so play it the Stephanie show guys
that ain't happening Jay stealing the
show so for now saying goodbye to my man
Dennis over here we're coming back to us
very soon so we have a lot of crazy
designs coming up for now peace out
so yeah say goodbye to the people I know
he got nice hair my hearing that's nice
experience brother trying to make it
happen Senator Max team apparel to the
bank linking everything plug every solid
I'd appreciate it see third to check it
out now that we have our hats we've
actually come to a very very nice route
start they have you can actually see the
Empire State Building check this out BAM
look at that view guys that is
absolutely insane we're going to go to
the gym at nice but don't forget guys a
workout is always good yeah yeah
we didn't end up going to the bigger gym
because honestly it's actually like a
one-hour drive from where we are and
Stephanie kinda bailed on us sir she
left me gosh you didn't your mother like
she was supposed to be my gym partner
how could she ditch me today like okay
so it's like half an hour were literally
dead right now guys just finished
working out but guess who just joined us
right now after everything's done she's
bad guy oh now you come now you go guys
we literally died after all the work
yeah she's back okay I got a little bit
yep busy I know what time I'm busy you
all right for now I'm gonna go take a
shower going to say goodbye to every
song pieced out some more if you skip
Jim that's it we're never seeing each
other the ABS guys I got more ABS down
here's yeah so I'm super super tired
right now I just made it back over to
the room but before I end today's video
I actually taught you guys a little bit
basically in life all of us do this and
I want to say this is something that I
need to improve myself on I always like
staying in my comfort zone and the
reason I'm telling you guys all of this
is if it was up to me like I wouldn't
travel as much as I do I wouldn't do the
stuff that I do like this America trip
this is Chris I was like yo let's go be
fun and honestly sometimes it's good to
be out of your comfort zone like it's
just good to explore different things
and meet new people like this trip alone
I met so many awesome people like Lexus
been showing us around every day
stephanie's but also everybody you've
seen on this trip and just showed us
such a good time anyways guys I'm super
super tired right now tomorrow we
actually have some really fun stuff the
head of us as always I'm going to
quickly go take a shower right now but
don't forget if you want to enter to win
the MacBook Pro go down below and
subscribe to the channel make sure you
like the video as well and yeah guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my
last video yes just do one of those
right now man like you wouldn't even be
here if you already did one of those all
right anyways I love you I blue and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
yeah leo no boys
