come on Stephanie what do you do if you
cheat what do you do if you cheat yeah
well you need an excuse saying she was
just a friend yeah
now there's been a lot of comments about
me and Stephanie in the comment section
guys and honestly the truth is yeah
everyone what is that welcome back to
another vlog so today I'm super excited
because I have a couple of big
announcements number one I'm a DJ Khaled
just dropped another one another one
another one you already know it's gonna
be late okay but besides from that I
actually have a couple big announcements
on my own guys so I'm doing a
meet-and-greet yes you guys can meet me
here in New York basically the meet and
greets going to be on the 8th of June
from 6 to 8 at the concept New York City
store all of the information is gonna be
down below guys so yeah yeah also check
it out my man V is finally here the
thing is the first place we're going
today is the Freedom Tower now if you
guys don't know what that is that is
where the 9/11 happened and the Freedom
Tower is what they built instead of the
Twin Towers so we're going to go I just
want to check it out guys apparently
it's like a very memorable over I said I
would never brilliant memorial place
guys we're sucking guys we're gonna go
there and we're gonna check it out
alright alright alright
whoa the Freedom Tower
holy moly Oh oh my god what is that so
right now we just made it over to the
World Trade Center area and you won't
believe what they have over here guys
check it out
the men we actually found out something
really crazy basically we were trying to
find a bin to throw away our drinks and
they don't have any bins over here
because of security reasons and the
things guys they actually have two
reflecting pools so you saw one over
there and they have another one over
here guys check it out whoa oh my
goodness
you know oh my god I'm not sure if you
saw that guy's a police officer with a
shotgun
so before I head out if you actually say
one thing guys one of the hardest things
in life is when you lose like a family
member or some you love so coming here
kind of shows you how appreciative you
should be of the people you have because
honestly you never know what's going to
happen so yeah guys sexy oh we go on we
go on guys
yeah boy okay now I know this sounds
weird boys but right now we're actually
heading to the thrift store now if you
guys don't know what that is that is
where like people give in their used
clothes and you can buy them so are we
going through shopping boys let's do
this by the way it was completely my
idea guys so I've been taking all the
credit fascinating idea you guys by the
way our drivers driving license it on
the back of his feet so I'm going to try
again okay guys the thrift store didn't
turn out as exciting as I thought so
we're going to scratch the idea instead
right now we're going to Coney Island
basically it's like a really big theme
park there and it's super scary and
haunted and everything I'm going to take
them to the cyclone the haunted house
we're going to see the hairy woman oh
yeah if this camera gets lost on the
ride he's to blame I know all right
here's to you guys
okay guys so right now we just made it
to Coney Island and apparently because
it was raining today they've actually
shut down the theme park so we're gonna
try and sneak in okay so yeah guys
listen we drove half an hour here I'm
doing my best to get in here all right
we might get arrested but it's worth the
vlog we go through that Daisy thing I
can fit through yo if I go into loan I'm
good with your back oh gosh we're trying
everything right now any car under this
damn it if I was a little bit skinnier I
think I could do it oh we got in because
of the new blog hi guys I don't know
what else security they have over here
but I'm actually in an abandoned theme
park guys check it out I've eaten the
theme park alone right now oh my god oh
my god this is such bullshit there's
something to that there's somebody that
Brewer organic I regret I agree
something inside there I ran oh I don't
think you saw me I hope that was worth
the trip we made over here we're going
before I get arrested in America I think
they are on tours I think I think
they're on to us right now because I'm
pretty sure the other guy on the other
side must the walkie talkie saying
there's some guy jumping in it looks
like Malala now that we're done sneaking
into the theme park they actually have a
really nice beach over here check it out
yo yeah that was a successful trip my
man high five good we didn't make it
during opening hours but we don't have
opening hours guys every hours opening
our actually wants to check it out right
now I just found my boy Joe over here at
the beach and they're about to show me
what they can do they're actually super
strong guys so check it out my man is
going to do a push-up for us a standing
one let's do this
that is way harder than it looks
that's amazing on a high five high five
it's super super windy right now along
the beach I'm freezing a minute so to
see video occasion so I were in the
matrix right now Hey look at this
Wow anyways was for now we're actually
going to head back over to the sea we're
gonna meet up with sigan it's freezing
out here guys holy shit but yeah for now
we're heading back guys so I'll see you
once we get taxi guys be cool okay with
the right now we're just on our way to
the gym but I just got some crazy news
my boy fatty and Rasha just landed in
New York one every time we I'm here then
he brought listen don't try and pretend
like your muscles my muscles are double
your style but listen I wish I wish I
had like the short sleeve man on I just
show them up hey guys you know what it
is including up to rapper buddies up so
he can
no your body is thank you hard words to
check it out my boy Lex just made it
over here we've all been working out
listen my man's me he's been killing us
right now the pod just got in I right to
do this
imagine YouTube shuts you down
YouTube closed your account that's how
move like this even he pushed as you
said Lex was a nice guy like this lady
down lady it move logs get caught
children this is what happened come on
Stephanie what do you do if you cheat
why do you do if you cheat yeah well you
need an excuse saying she was just a
friend yeah all jokes aside I am
actually feeling really really good
honestly I think in a couple of months I
can get this dig site going so let's see
how it goes obviously shout out to my
man see over here killing us in training
whoa guys and one more thing la mÃªme oh
I'm sorry but if you have to go through
this he actually lost weight but it
looks better and yeah we all have plate
do they have a scale over here let's
shake hi guys we're gonna create a get a
scale right now I was eight whatever the
game because we're gonna check i was 87
kilos so let's go check right now you
know too heavy bro let's go okay guys
I've been coming to this gym for like
three days and enjoy your squad came and
dropped off a letter over here oh wow
that's dedication
no guys now I guess it's the perfect
time to plug I'm doing a meet and greet
so if you want to read me make sure to
come to the contest or New York City on
the 8th of June yes I said you like
still a DNA all the informations in the
description guys don't forget and I'm
dropping new unreleased moblins
merchandise guys fired our voice we just
finished up at the gym right now but
before we had eyes so I tell you guys
something now there's been a lot of
comments about me and Stephanie in the
comment section guys and honestly the
truth is you like my little brother
what it's the blood going to bribe I'm I
told you to window broke over I guess I
don't want you in the vlogs anymore guys
Stephanie is not in the vlogs you heard
her if you guys want to reconsideration
subscribe and like the video I'm going
inside the friendzone cage right now
let's go let's go man good types of
friends thanks say there man
alright enemies boys down lower back in
the low somewhere to wrap up today's
look here you did enjoy / the like
button as I said tomorrow is going to be
a crazy day cuz my boys roxxon's battier
also in New York so we're gonna get up
to something with them I don't know what
but trust me it's going to be fun so
stay tuned make sure to subscribe and
yeah it's going to be lit anyways guys
click here to subscribe click here to
watch my last video and I'll see you
guys some more for another crazy vlog
yalla yalla
for both
