I have to go yo guys what is up welcome
back to another vlog so before today's
video starts we have a big announcement
we're doing of me to agree yes it's
finally finalized guys so tomorrow you
guys can actually beat us here in New
York City the be angry is going to be
from 6 to 8 p.m. at the concept store
New York City Denson 2 to 5 Hudson
Street New York City guys don't get it
wrong okay all the information is going
to be down below the thing is right now
we've come over to the store where we're
printing my merchandise
guys I have new merchandise exclusively
for this video guys
ok so check it out boys this is the
t-shirts that we have for the be agree
first time ever I put yellow yellow
shirts it actually looks pretty good
right
wow they actually do a lot of stuff for
celebrities as well so so I'm bars I
drink that guys listen they work with
like the big day rappers and stuff so
I'm just a part of the team okay guys so
check it out this is where the shirts
and everything gets made and this is my
man Sergio basically guys I told him we
have to have the shirts by tomorrow he
made it happen so big shout out to him
my man anything for you guys hello San
Joaquin was the first hybrid multimedia
kind of business the idea is it's
basically a one-stop shop where you do
everything from screen printing
embroidery sublimation and then you know
if you have a little photo studio a
little video studio I like together it's
coming here from the front Montana's for
the Noriega the bolo Ronnie's to the
molars yeah
all weight they come and they come in
anyways don't forget guys tomorrow be
the Greek come through gets the
merchandise and for now we're going to
continue the normal blog piece what is
up welcome back to another vlog we're
starting out today's vlog in the gym
guys and this hotel has a really nice on
guys so before I would say guys don't
forget I'm doing a giveaway so if you
want to answer subscribe and let's get
started
one doesn't use two million views three
million views on this hi guys I'm pretty
sure this is a very bad idea but I've
always wanted to do this we're gonna run
into each other with some yoga wolves
right let's do this
this is probably a very bad idea hey
guys no we're not gonna try anymore I
think we're going to get a change the
cool thing about this gym it even has a
ballet bar guys so if you're at arena
the most acceptable oh I can sit
very soon we're not ready we're not very
a few moments later yo okay boy so right
now I'm actually about to pull off a
prank on Tigers basically he actually
went out with his friend right now he
should be back in like an hour or two so
I quickly went a ball a thousand cups
check it out
basically guys by the time he gets back
I would have covered his whole grub with
cups filled with water in case you're
wondering I'm in his room guys he
actually gave me the keys to his room in
case of emergency guys so I'm pretty
sure this is emergency guys we need to
do this prank so let's go
cup number one cup number two this is so
bad this is probably the dumbest idea
ever guys alright alright alright we are
good to go
oh my god oh my god okay so far two
packets of cups and this is how far
we've gotten guys got scout scout so
y'all for just for just let's go
hello hello hello okay I have no idea
what's going okay somebody was cooling
the room right now I don't know if it's
seiken or like a random phone fool guys
but that never happens okay
let's be quick if he's coming home I'm
doomed oh ho okay all right so far we
have around 200 cups that are in front
of the door I'm pretty sure he can't
jump it now okay so we're gonna keep
going until we run out cups holy guys I
don't know why this looks so cool I
honestly I don't even think he should
get mad I think he should be happy
because I'm decorating his room hello
lucky boy so after a half an hour I'm
finally done wood laying out the cups
this is what it looks like so I guess
all I can do now is wait and see when so
I can get you guys cheers to success
boys cheers to success I guess it's time
to do his boss from guys all right let's
do this
all right and we are done
okay I'm not sure if this is a good idea
I actually trap myself in the bathroom
right now all right guys I don't know if
I can jump this I try it
three two one Oh
not bad at all a few moments later okay
boys I think sigan should be here any
moment right now my friend just dropped
him up so again so bad oh shit I turned
on the light no no no different guys I
hear noises but I don't have it's the
neighbors or if it's I'm such a loser
been here for two hours doing this guy
you got practice does that let me clean
it you gonna break son you got fresh
they're gonna kick us out the hotel room
what are you doing alright well welcome
home guys sigan is back in action yeah
bro oh I have to go over cooking time is
no no you can't leave yourself a little
bit like two hours you do stuff like
this well I was bored
I was born ah Rory this is your room you
have to clean it up no this is what is
cool the top time ready three two
yep you officially lost who are you
crazy
anyone who is an employer needs a free
worker volunteer he's good at cup
cleaning this is what you call cop
stacking at its ultimate level guys do
this you see this oh oh
guys have you ever wondered how high
heels would look like on a man or there
you go boys sigh you know I made some
behind your shoes for you this is
actually really nice you actually had
too much time on your hands I'm about to
break the record for the world's tallest
tower of cups oh I think I'm officially
broken the record for the toilets our
cups in life all that you have a ton out
there go ahead and chase your dreams and
one day you'll make it as high as I do
today whoa all right guys what a
beautiful day it is in New York today
it's raining and sigan doesn't have a
jacket on right now am i happy today oh
boy so the first place we actually end
up coming to today with the Apple Store
basically saiga drove off for the whole
year for airports and they didn't even
have it so yeah you know what that
teaches you a very good lesson guys
don't be like sigan again launch my
airports in the plane guys you know what
happened I took the airport's and I gave
it away to you guys
oh god I wonder who took those airports
it I wonder how they're buzzed okay so
we're quitting doing a little bit of
souvenir shopping with Saiga guys every
country I go to I actually got a magnet
for my fridge so I think this was nice
here is boys the magnet of choice was oh
god they have these like really cool
circular chairs over here what now we're
gonna go on there you go yo guys this is
so cool we're going to remind feel right
now oh my god I think I just now Heaven
guys are you ready for this welcome to
McDonald's one thing I absolutely love
about you or guys everywhere is so
colorful like if you guys just look
around me right now it's so like vibrant
if you know what I mean I just kind of
gives you energy you know when I came
here it was 14 years ago
and this was the favorite place in the
world to me because it always whisperer
you're an old man 14 years ago and
you're still alive that was cool ah
another police or see over there guys
would you look at that okay boys the
right now I quickly stopped by and I'm
actually having a custom full block cat
made for me check this out guys so as
you can see they're actually going to
write my name on that hat so here it is
bailed the bull blogs custom hat shout
out to this guy there is there is the
custom hat that is amazing thank you I
was I finally made it back over to the
hotel as you guys just saw I just had a
lot of the craziest hats
ever made for me guys this is insane you
know what there is still wet paint on it
guys but y'all know whoa check it out
boys like custom build blogs hat made in
New York anyways guys the guy that made
this was super super talented so shout
out to him man i if you figured it
Instagram out that yo but then you do
designing online like graphic design so
if you guys see new blog shirts coming
out of the future now you know who
designed it ok anyways boys I need to
clearly go take a shower because
honestly speaking who why I need to that
that starter strip that I'll see you
guys after my shower surprised how you
can do it there you guys good you guys
relaxed up to this as always I love you
guys so I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe
BAM you can pick that butter right there
subscribe value watch my last video over
here and as always yeah Leo though
