you know that's Dubai for you good good
good good good good good morning
everyone welcome back to another vlog
we're back in Dubai so what is up
everyone I am so happy to start out
today's vlog like you guys don't even
realize how happy I get once I'm back in
Dubai so now that we're back in Dubai
guys today is about to be a super fun
day I'm actually gonna be doing
something crazy with one of my YouTube
idols okay so somebody I used to watch a
lot on YouTube and I still do is Roman
Atwood today I'm actually gonna go out
with them and we're just gonna have a
ton of fun guys and honestly it's just
crazy hanging out with people that you
look up to you know uh yeah it's just
gonna be a ton of fun guys so right now
we're gonna go hang out with him and his
family and there's also gonna be a ton
of supercars involved so yeah okay so
right now I just made it here and I just
ran into a fan guys hey yo what's up bro
he's super shy so thank you so much
you're awesome bold so this guy actually
has the coolest car I've ever seen it
they have a classic Corvette which
sounds insane so right now they're gonna
quickly switch it on and listen to this
bad boy
oh my god good where we are we just made
it to the desert
Wow Wow Wow
check out this view right now
yo guys we are here all right so we are
in the middle of the desert
I'm here with the man himself bro what's
happening today what's happening like
we're trying to hook sleds and since fan
boards to the background you're crazy
you're crazy I'm just gonna say that
just like I've lived in Dubai my whole
life I've never thought about using a
car to snowboard on sand so imagine
hooking this to an SUV like out in the
desert and just cruising
look who else we have over here guys so
if you don't know this is supercar
blondie and she now has a Lamborghini
I'm so excited
when did this happen this is her new car
she just got it yesterday she's here as
well I don't even know what's happening
guys we might be putting the rope on her
Lambo I don't even know yeah like she
got it yesterday and they're like trying
to destroy it
I know oh by the way guys check out the
car Roman has pulled up in the car so
basically I don't know what Roman did
police has just pulled up honestly like
we're probably in trouble because of you
so here's the thing guys right now I'm
actually gonna take Roman in my car for
launch control fast it looks fast faster
than mine guys he always launch controls
other people I'm gonna learn to control
him alright let's do this oh no this is
beautiful yeah it sounds it sounds
gentle but it's a dragon alright let's
go I've actually never known you not to
do it
oh I don't even know how to use that
stereo I'm sure for the first time the
spacecraft
camel camel towel
you know imagine yourself
calm down bro
all right and there you go that is
Reuben that would in my car guy
oh my god you know that's Dubai for you
holy moly I don't even know whose car
that was I just went by but that was
madness why in your sucks bro honestly I
really loved his face on the car that's
your thing I just realized we are here
in the desert with a girl that has a
Lamborghini oh my god
just like you see stuff yeah Dubai
problems for you right here I love you
brothers and say see these guys run
wheelie oh my god there's two guys
coming with quad bikes right now
just try to make that jump okay so I'm
not sure how we stayed here this long
but I am still in the desert right now
and we have the most beautiful view ever
look at that there is a full moon behind
me anyways right now everybody's heading
out guys it's super dark you can't even
see what's happening but yeah literally
we've just we've literally just been
chillin over here guys so I think it's
time to get out of here before like
anything happens to us cuz like yeah
it's really dark and we're in the desert
guys here's the thing for now we're
saying goodbye to room when he flies out
tomorrow it was so much fun yeah I love
you so much oh you have to come back
that's it
be soon alright I'm down I'm coming I'm
coming
oh no wait a sec what's wrong with my
camera okay there we go much better
all right we're finally home guys it's
time to go see my family are doing right
now help yo so we're finally home right
now we have my sister still in her bed
guys
throughout my cat on the floor like what
is this guy doing yo what are you doing
why are you running away from you guys
anyways I literally came home just cuz I
was super hungry so right now I just had
some food guys and yeah nothing has
changed at home the cats are still alive
I'm dying
do you die can I can I vlog you dying no
I'm first
are you dying just like my channel oh so
now that I'm back home guys I just want
to say I miss my mom so much
Bobby hey guys my mom is like the angel
in this house so listen if you guys
haven't subscribed or like the video do
it for Bobby Bo I mean y-you said the
voice you're scared Burcu guys is this
really my mom why are you so white and
I'm so brown am i adult because you are
you're in the Sun you did a side my mom
is here guys so I'm mister when I was in
France yeah they say nice things about
me I don't know oh I'm back oh guys mom
emos here yeah here's the thing I know I
just go back home right now I'm actually
heading out to go see my boy I Swan
oyster going to buy kind of gives me
like a different type of energy I'm like
super happy cuz like I just I know where
to go and ah look who we have over here
we are
oh whoa whoa what's happening over here
what's happening over here right now I
just made a human boy yes while we're in
the mall you know I don't even know who
that is honestly I just got here yeah so
right now you've come over to the mall
and the thing is since I've been gone
for a week there's a ton of things that
I need to buy because I was in France my
camera just like it's been so blurry I
need a new one guys so let's go to the
camera store yo all right guys so right
now we just came into the camera store
and guys I just realized my camera sucks
oh it's horrible it's horrible guys so
guys just to show you how bad my camera
is right now we're actually buying a new
camera and this is the difference guys
are you ready for this
3 2 1 boom look at the color I didn't
know you're the scholar so basically we
just swapped out cameras just to show
you my camera this is the state that it
was in it's ripped up and broken and
horrible it's like it's literally
falling to parge guys but there you go
new camera now you guys can see us
properly yeah probably a white thorn
yeah we're gonna continue the rest of
the day in HD and the high quad I'm so
bad the whole blog has been so
disgusting okay this is why you have to
invest in your work guys like his his
length doesn't even open like guys talk
about overdoing it we're buying Childre
hold on chill why do you need three okay
this is one for me okay this is another
one for me what and this is one from the
newest one oh my
