alright I'm out
basically shaky we just almost died for
a thank you thank you bro did you get
that again yo what is that everyone
welcome back to another video how are
you all doing it so today we actually
have an unusual idea to start the vlog
right basically we've got this smiley
face balloon and this thing is massive
when you blow it up so what we're gonna
do we're gonna fill it with water until
it explodes okay so here goes nothing
right now the balloon is attached to the
hose it's time to fill it up with some
water ready my god he seems so happy
okay so more is trapped under this
trampoline
it's getting heavy bro you're right and
might even break the trampoline break
something up dead by the way it's
getting so heavy the trampoline is
starting to come down I saw a video on
Instagram this is like a cool way of
taking a shower what if this breaks the
trampoline I don't know underneath the
trampoline it's blowing up this is not a
good idea
oh my god you could actually see the
whole smiley face right now from under
the trampoline oh yeah I should probably
turn around just in case anything
happens this is probably one of the most
nerve-wracking things ever to wait for a
balloon to pop in your face but I mean
Yolo yeah Brian like can you stop like
can you stop peeing on me okay
oh I knew JIT drought for a second no it
took so long none of us expected it to
pop right now guys that called me of God
all right
that was good I can swim yo did you see
that I don't know what the hell we just
recorded right now guys but I am soaking
wet let's go check the footage the holes
like a tsunami yeah that was legit I
don't know if you realize how badly had
popped in my face that has been the 100
gallon water balloon let me know what
you guys thought it's time to dry up a
few moments later okay so here's the
thing not that I'm home I'm actually
heading straight back out the thing is
right now I'm heading over to go see my
boy Russian you guys know him aka demise
richest kid but today we're going to his
friend's house now
the thing is his friends are equally as
cool like they have like crazy buggies
and cars bearing in mind they're all
like 15 years old guys like they will
have cars and crazy stuff so right now
let's go and let's have some fun yeah
we just made it to Haim spawn oh wow
Donna what's up bro your eyes
yo thank you for having hi guys so right
now we just made over to Russia that
we're at his friend's farm and basically
I'm actually about to go on a ride in
this bad boy over here so are you ready
let's do this do I not need glasses no
basically I might die and if I do it's
his fault
I'm not sure you can see that but I am
absolutely crying right now
thank you so basically right now we've
actually come over to like a
construction site if you guys could see
that first people just staring at us
right now so basically he's brought me
to an abandoned Road like they're
literally making it right now how the
first guys come here right this road
ahead of us they're still building if
you could see light it's unfinished it's
in the middle of the desert so this is
exclusives with Mo
it's crazy we're in like an abandoned
Road right now
I can't even breathe right now look they
got all of the construction cards I
don't even a boss bro like this is bad
so right now they're quickly gonna rev
this car for you and I want you to
listen to how loud it is right yes this
car over here so listen up
holy moly guys that was not edited that
was that car making that noise
and that is what happens when a
fifteen-year-old drives the buggy guys
yeah Henri's now that I'm fat guys
basically right now we're just chillin
over here raw shits friend's house they
have like these crazy June buggies as
you guys saw like they're just like
going insane with them but I see this
place is super super cool like the way
they've done the lighting and everything
it's just so dope and if you guys can
see like they've got all the track marks
from the buggy yo bro I love the house
oh my ha ha ha hi guys that is what you
call good driving robbing it with
anybody anymore hi guys I'm going back
inside the buggy so basically right now
I'm going for round two my god we here's
gonna be driving
all right I'm out basically she I'm not
sure if you guys saw that we just almost
died for her thank you thank you bro did
you get that video teacher he was on the
og the og I would like to say hi to all
my students for now we're heading out of
Raj's friend's house guys honestly it's
super cool just chilling here they have
like buggies and crazy cars but look at
the car collection over here guys
obviously you got my Carver here but
look at the plate number on this bad boy
one two three now if you guys are from
Dubai you know how specialist number
plays right like this number is worth
like more than all of the cars here okay
just to let you guys know like every
single car you see here this number is
worth more than that guys they've got a
really cool pimped out Nissan Patrol
over here but now we're heading out of
you guys super super fun meeting
everybody here guys my boy Raschid he
legit just gave his car to one of his
friends so yeah by the way guys it's my
boy Khan in peace ah bro I appreciate
you having us and Rock should give you
his rolls-royce yeah you just want to
keep it yeah broke guys Rock should just
gave him his rolls-royce to drive to
boom by the way guys just my voice told
Todd he was the one driving at the
beginning like crazy so big shot to him
this is his plate number so he's gonna
give that to me soon very soon
so we are vacuum guys I told you that
his friends are crazy and you guys saw
that Wow
no I'm just happy to be alive guys I do
not trust like a 15 year old when he
tells you to come to the desert with him
like whoa we're alive anyways now that
whoa guys I'm gonna Queenie just relax a
little bit guys I just need to I need to
appreciate my life right now I'm here
I'm alive it just everything just
happened so fast I'm not kidding like if
you saw the buggy was about to flip like
I was getting drifted around and like
yeah and you saw the cars they're like
there was a Rolls Royces the Rolls Royce
is raw but the plate numbers okay
and I know a lot of you don't understand
my plate number in Dubai or expensive
like that Zed one two three that's like
a million dollars right there alright
anyways I'm glad to be alive
hallelujah love you guys so as always on
my end of today's vlog here but before I
say good night basically it's been a
couple of hours since I lost vlogged
right now my mom is sleeping in the
living room I look at my cat like he's
legit sleeping next to my mum like if
you guys watch my videos you know he
always does this like he loves sleeping
next to my mother yeah I love you guys
so so much thank you for the support you
guys I've been leaving on the channel if
you guys don't know in about like four
or five days it's my birthday guys I in
five days time it's my birthday so yeah
if you guys can do one thing please
subscribe to the channel I am this close
to five million subscribers so it just
it means so much to me yep I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah leo low
