so major mole Mohammed joma joma
Mohammed yes yeah dominican girls were
yeah no I love you you love it and good
morning welcome to another are you
taking over my Lucky Penny Ling yeah
everyone good morning and welcome back
to today is a very very special day guys
we're going to a car is them yeah boy
you heard me guys I really really crazy
cars today cars I haven't even seen in
Dubai guys so let's go to this carbon
yo ok so right now we just made it
inside this car van guys and I'm just
gonna start out strong with you guys
they have a Lamborghini centenario here
check out this beauty BAM I live in my
Louisville 2.7 million dollar car right
here see that we're gonna Bugatti back
there a lakh Ferrari and nine one eight
guys this one is special honestly I
can't get enough of this car like the
more you look at it the more you just
start to love it like it's just amazing
now in case you guys don't know much
about this car there's 20 of these in
the entire world yes you guys heard me
20 and it looks absolutely amazing the
thing is this is actually one of two
full carbon sand scenarios so 20
remained it but only two are carbon
fibers and only one is going to belong
to Saiga once he starts listening to it
listen I don't care whoever wants how
much money you better fork up and pay
for the car
very love we got ears
the thing is guys these are such special
cars but compared to that Lamborghini
light I don't want to see these yeah you
spoil I want to show you a very special
car this is actually a ferrari enzo
which somebody has taken apart and
rebuilt the owner if this ends up taking
apart and made something very special
guys and this is what it is it's good
like the ferrari p45 is just ah it's
amazing guys it looks completely
different than any ferrari you'd ever
see in your life any reason I should
have insured II have a very very nice
Pagani over here as well this thing
looks special Wow look at that whoever
owns this hit me up hit me I want to be
friends the thing is the Bugatti is cool
I never like been there done that you
know is okay no guys check it out so
they opened up the Pagani right now this
thing that's insane oh my god you guys
are not gonna believe what I'm about to
show you okay I'm about to show you the
oldest Bugattis in the world and they
look nothing like you'd imagine guys
there this right here this is a Bugatti
eyes yep I know it's hard to believe but
this bad boy over here is actually a
Bugatti eyes for having seen the first
Bugatti made I'll just use one yeah
started from the bottom now we're here I
woke up in a new Bugatti hey Alex you
know so I guess buying a car today
oh yeah oh so which one he wants the
Lamborghini outside let me drive it out
four million dollars let's go let's go
let's go come on let's go boy let's go
likes to put in a million offered in a
million you put two thank you
a million I stray a million rupees let's
go my man next is trying to break into
the car what are you doing oh you got in
yo my man legs is in a Bugatti right now
yeah this is a Bugatti 1937 Bugatti has
no warranties no I woke up in okay so
real my boy let's quickly came over to
the Bugatti right now it set up this bad
boy look at this the interior my mother
oh man are you making this out it looks
better than cycads right definitely does
that that definitely does not okay boy
so for now we're actually going to be
heading out of this car event amazing
amazing cars honestly I've seen course
that I've never even seen into by here
guys so that's insane right now we're
waiting for my man Lex
apparently Stephanie's over here
somewhere so he's going to find her so
you know Stephanie's gonna be back on
the vlogs right now oh we got you got a
Stephanie I got a heaven
I think it right extra drive have a
beautiful day here it's actually sunny
in New York bit outside cuz it monastic
me yeah let me pin hey I hadn't it
doesn't look like this beautiful you see
trees you see people actually smiling
okay so right now I just talked to the
gas station I met my man mark he
actually watches the video yeah but
check out his dog guy my boy mucho BAM
yo this guy's a beast what if he is only
a year and six months no Larry what
breed is that a bull mastiff
haha he doesn't do any John are his good
brother is good it's good guys nice
right yeah
a good boy good boy even huh I'll make
his own food and stuff eat Tibbles yeah
he's good mark is a man appreciate it
what's his name your fan brothers yeah
mucho mucho the line which I'll see you
later
you forgot about it or forgot about his
real friends as soon as he got to know
girls look real friends forgotten I'm
out I guys basically know anything you
says no it's not true guys Diegans
having a haircut so I'm going to go to
the park to show you it I'm heading to
Central Park so peace I'll see in a bit
okay
alright guys Stephanie's going to be
driving this is Stephanie's first time
driving by the real I know Evan you know
if I die is going to be Holly don't see
that he's crying God you ever driven
this car before no yeah yeah hi guys by
the way I never introduced appropriate
to URI this is Stephanie's friend ko
she's going to die with me as anything
either this is definitely an experience
I saw I was scared of my sister drove
life
making me nervous now we're getting
pulled over
we're getting pulled over oh my god it's
all going wrong
we're finally on the road it just took
us ten minutes we are good right now any
loss words no we're going to be fine
I'll see you in the city hi guys Oh
Lamborghini guys all right guys the
ultimate test can she Park oh my god oh
my god
guys she's actually a good Parker she's
an amazing Parker hi guys we finally
made it were alive yes
high-five going give me a high-five we
deserve that anyways we're going to the
park right now guys so let's go okay boy
so we just made it over to the park
right now as you can see this place is
insane so right now we're just going
around the park and checking everything
out but this place is actually really
cool just to walk around I honestly it
looks like you're in the middle of the
jungle and I don't know where they're
running to right now like what what the
hell like they just they just ditched me
in the park guys hi guys today Stephanie
is our tour guide inside this park know
what's that mean
and Domino's vamanos vamanos actually
you should teach you some Spanish but
you want to know like the cool stuff so
first we're gonna start off game joma
joma Mohammed Jambo Jambo Mohammed no no
man I'm old Muhammad joma joma Mohammed
yes yeah dominican girls were ya know
Columbia you love it today we're
exploring some caves they have in this
park check it out holy moly what do we
have over here
are you okay Carl calm down you're going
oh the thing is honestly back here this
legit nobody alright I want to take you
guys through here so guys I found a
secret room this is legit secret room
right here oh my god what is under there
now that is creepy holy moly I am NOT
going there Yosemite there's like a
crack under there alright guys if
Stephanie dies after today it's not my
fault oh my god that's probably where
all the raccoons holy moly that is deep
it goes up over there
do you see that put your hand in there
well hey let's go to the normal Park I'm
done
it was really it was really nice okay
boy so right now we're actually heading
over to like a haunted house they have
over here I'm not sure how safe this is
so that's why I'm taking Steph and airy
here this is like my bait if you see a
movie they always target the women first
I'll still be good I'll still be good
this is probably illegal but we're gonna
try and open the door ah they locked the
door are you kidding me now let's break
it off I guess like a nothing spooky is
happening today guys nothing you know
what guys it's actually getting pretty
dark right now so for now we're heading
out if you're basically psycho finish
with this haircut that's it for us okay
so thank you Stephanie for showing me
this amazing haunted Park guys amazing
yo are you guys to check it out sigan is
back he just had his hair cut
do you know what's funny my mom hates
aegyo right now like she keeps on
calling me saying I saw your Instagram
photo you're too skinny what the hell
everybody but you know two three weeks
is okay then you haven't you can have
pizza burgers
anyways guys the thing is we actually
have something very special planned out
and I'm not sure if I can tell you right
now but trust me when I say it involves
you guys so every mission should we tell
them should I tell her I guys okay
I don't want this to get cancelled but I
might be doing my first ever meeting oh
yes I might be doing my first ever meet
and greet guys you know what if I am
doing a meet-and-greet all the
information will be in the description
of this video okay but yeah guys if you
do want to come see me I don't know why
you would have missed his face I like
why'd you guys not want to see nicely
it's good if you tell us if you're
coming in the compensation so we can
arrange your quarters yeah guys just let
me go into context are you are you
coming like if you don't come that in
New York it's a yeah
so don't worry guys we live in other
countries I don't expect you to fly down
by the way don't worry I haven't
forgotten yes I'm doing a MacBook Pro
giveaway not this one because this is
mine right it's probably going to be
this one like I do joke aside don't
worry guys I need to go buy a MacBook
Pro but if you do want to win make sure
to subscribe down below as always I love
you and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another epic blog the America vlogs have
been crazy so thank you for your support
so I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another epic day yeah leo no boo you
call it Stephanie I got every
she hates us
