touch gloves now come on Oh what are you
doing this let me play fight this is the
most adorable thing ever look at how my
cat sleeping yeah yo what is not
everybody good morning and welcome back
to another vlog so as you saw this
morning my cat was sleeping so adorably
anyways as you can tell right now I
quickly change my clothes and I'm
heading out let's go and have an amazing
day
woo my loving I wish so check it out
right now I just made out with my boy
Roshan and Fatih
BAM quickly came over to this Persian
restaurant were having some kebab but
bad he's not eating he doesn't like this
Buddhist tell man I want out basically
Fatih walked out on Palestinian food so
after I have my kebab over here we're
going to another restaurant to eat but
more importantly today's are you going
to get knocked out today we are doing a
boxing match so the way it's just you
Tyrians going to get nothing we're doing
a boxing match we're gonna go buy some
gloves offer our food I'm gonna bring my
private bonus
welcome to us
guys guys I don't know what to say he's
making me do this boxing match with him
today so what would you George good I'm
good enough
Elsie's Eiffel if you guys don't know
that he's actually a professional
American football player so oh he
knocked around without gloves so right
now my brother and his friends are
playing American football and I thought
I'll record it for you guys I think
there's some team discussion happening
over there oh boy oh my god Wow Wow that
way a very good job okay so before
Russia's boxing gloves get here we're
playing some American football the aim
of the game is he has to try and catch
the ball and Fanning throws at him and I
have to try and stop dye case so let's
do
oh my goodness okay apparently fatties
really good at throwing American
football so he's gonna try and hit the
back of my head from there are you okay
mom good shot if you can do it
here we go oh yeah and then I was aim
for bubble so now that we're home it's
time for me to box against Ross head aka
mark
the over here is your auction manager
fatty how do you think your guys gonna
do oh man alright ladies and gentlemen I
didn't unto stating today tis the fight
you've been waiting for we've got money
system the house
weighing in at 150 pounds all the way
from United Arab Emirates and he's here
race boy 200 pounds are we ready for
this put your hands together we want a
clean fight for this let's go
a good round sounds like a solid round
unless you guys like someone in the
fridge right now it's time for round 2
guys come on get back into the ring
touch gloves now come on oh my goodness
oh my gosh
mole is going down let's see oh my
goodness I was a big strike there we go
just right in the face oh wow the
adrenaline is the stamina oh my gosh oh
wow that was a big swing I hope you put
some sound effect on this one yeah oh my
god they're going he's going in oh yeah
alright is my my cakes okay one one this
is the last round
I saw mr. vlog how does it feel guys so
the first two rounds being good I've
been trying to use my height as an
advantage while honestly he's fast and I
thought I think on the third round I'm
gonna have him I'm gonna just try and
hook him on the head
now hopefully or four all right clothes
money kicks we see you got a little
winded there in the second round
how do you feel going into the third I'm
going to let off more drugs next round
of some tactics
alright the more vlog we're going to do
is going to cut your eyebrows and
cheevus alright alright there you have
it guys
easy easy
oh girl you all right Wow what are you
doing is supposed to be play fight okay
ah alright guys so this was supposed to
be a play fight but I guess thought it
had something else on their sleeves his
intentions weren't playing well and the
winner is buddy
hi guys like a half an hour from our
boxing match honestly my face I should
be hurt so I'm not gonna suck guys this
guy ends up in Erie in the vase like
guys basically the rule was I wasn't
allowed to him in the face because he
had braces so I dropped my hand and he
almost knocked me out
you know 100k likes rematch rematch and
I'm allowed to punch immolation ok so
right now he quickly came to do some
shopping with Russia and tell them his
taste in shopping we got to work on it a
little bit I want to show you what Ross
had likes when it comes to fashion right
BAM
listen I want the conversation please
back me up here yeah
backlash about guys that Russia thinks
this outfit is nice like ok it looks
different but would you wear in the
street
oh ok boy so right now I quickly say
goodbye to rush it and Daddy because
they need you to go somewhere to have
dinner so I'm also going to go home but
before I go I want to show you something
really cool that they've set up in the
parking lot am i boy so as you can see
this area over here is literally just
made for the charging of Tesla cars
which is insane I imagine you have like
your own little VIP section over here so
yeah Wow
imagine having like a specific section
four Lamborghinis alright
what anyways just to see how it works
guys I'm quickly going to take you guys
inside so imagine I have like an
electric car right now you come inside
and then am what look look at this
charger this is insane it oh my god Wow
and that is what you call free
electricity guys that's actually really
really cool areas right now I'm heading
off home so let's go
no so check it out right now I just made
it home mommy I'm hungry
so you don't feed me and that's why I
can't be a good boxer why is there
always so much negativity on the
internet my brush you just posted a
video on his Instagram okay fine I mean
fair play to him he got a good punch on
me it was just a friendly fight like
calm down get them out of ya you all mad
Mama's gonna do a trick for you she's
gonna throw the orange in the air and
stab it Midway oh you know what people
were saying with Rockets Paige Raschid
Knoxville blows out because of his
clickbait Ross said Russia was trying to
kill him I was like what the hell like I
gave whistle before I end today's video
I actually need to show you guys the
craziest thing ever so shout out to have
gone who's the side of the channel he
gave my mom the coolest spinner ever
bayong this is a rainbow-colored spinner
which is so cool yo you see that don't
worry I got it so my mom didn't see
listen speaking of bling
the time that I given something I'm
facing you the reasoning this a sign a
while back left a spitter for me and
then the messenger like yo we gave this
your mama make sure it gets to you like
what what my mom gonna do with your give
guys like you're gonna do this Theresa
don't worry my mom doesn't student gives
guys they do come to me I own it
no but it's so much as much as my god I
love yours Laura didn't tell me about it
no I'm the one who told you no mom I
told him all as always I love you guys
well thank you so so much for the
support you guys leave daily by the way
I'm not sure if I told you remember the
other day where I told you there was a
glitch happening on the YouTube homepage
yes they fixed it guys so guys if you
haven't already when you hit the
subscribe button as I can bail go and
click that Bell as well and it sorts out
the problem so yeah you guys get to see
my videos now careers as always
yeah Leon oh boy
