I like to check out laughing yeah yeah
everyone what is that welcome back to
another video so today is a pretty
special day there's a new car in our
house buyer
so check it out boys the car behind me
is a Maserati grand Turman a Maserati
grand Cabrio MC so the thing is I'm
actually borrowing this car from one of
my friends I've actually never done a
Maserati review on the channel so
without further ado today I'm going to
show you what a Maserati can do let's go
okay so the thing about Maserati is they
are the loudest cars ever so without
further ado let's switch this bad boy on
this bang wow that's a lot of Sun right
there and there you go that is how the
roof comes off I here goes nothing time
to take this bad boy onto the street
thanks guys so loud it's unbelievable
high voice here goes not being round to
acceleration with the speed
I'm actually stuck inside my steam l
again I don't think it was a good idea
bringing the roof down today it's hot
come on roof I need you I need you
yo ice a quick stop to the grocery store
boys since we have the Mars right let's
see if you can go grocery shopping with
the car like that I'm actually on a diet
nowadays so chicken is everything all
right we need more protein more protein
literally why is it every time I try and
stick to a diet there's a lot of desert
in front of me stay away from me demon
okay shopping done anyways voice for now
it's time to put the groceries in the
Maserati and I know what you're thinking
we didn't buy a lot are you ready to see
the size of the boot on this car guys
look how small the buoys that's tiny are
you kidding me that's it like there's no
extension wow guys look at this it
literally has no room are you kidding me
hey everybody we're back home with the
Maserati boys check it out
home sweet home one thing I do have to
say I love about this car is the key I
love doing this whoa just to show you
how smooth the brew of this Cory I can't
even see inside it it's good me lately
is looking to size me I actually cannot
be inside this way this actually used to
be one of my dream cars and I know this
sounds weird when I was a kid I dreamt
of being a lawyer and owning a Maserati
well yeah things kind of changed but
yeah there you go
goodbye mother I see soon watermelon now
that is amazing oh my god this is heavy
I'm going to check it out I'm not sure
if you remember what this is a while
back our friends gave us this is a gift
this is the most chocolate anybody has
ever addicted me so today
ask you to remove every single piece of
chocolate
so yeah that's get crack-a-lackin' John
come on you're about to witness the most
satisfying thing ever
our voice oh there you go half an hour
later and bail that is what it looks
like without the chocolate I think we
can take this off well now we have a
bowl Oh guys there you go now I have a
frame for my our school teacher and ye
we're now going to create go ahead and
put all of the chocolate chocolate
chocolate into the refrigerator so yeah
now we have like ten kilograms of
chocolate in our house subscribe to the
channel you all get one piece each day
yeah alright so right now I'm actually
heading out to go and finally get my
beard done it's been a long time since
I've had a shave
so let's go okay boys so right now I
quickly raid it over to the mall as I
mentioned I'm gonna go fix up my beard
the thing is you're not going to see
much of a difference when I cut my beard
but that's not why I do it guys
everybody knows men don't cut their hair
just to look better it's more than just
that okay it's like a whole package it's
a confidence booster you feel good you
feel like fresh it's just it's like a
whole round package I don't think ladies
will understand okay I like big beers
that I came out live you
some others dancing nice so when I do
Roxy with an itty-bitty chin and a bushy
thing on his skin you want one oh god I
need a moment of silence for this beard
man because this is look how beautiful I
look I don't I don't sound weird but I
look sexy everywhere is Audrey society
as you can see your boy looks fresh
right now right now I'm heading over to
go see my boy wash it we're gonna play
some basketball
so let's go guess who's back Russia this
year after the war no guys this is harsh
the one I got the t-shirt it's up for
sale
come on I don't know how much a million
dollars and we gonna love everybody
yeah this guy back we back we back
basically if you don't know Russia's
actually go to America this summer to
play basketball you secret oh good I did
not see good okay
 bye okay boy so now I'm here my boy
wash it right now we're going to do a
one versus one verse two seven wins the
game
and
our time on the qu ran out but score was
1:1 yeah
until next time points okay so Ross
should got lucky because our time ran
out on the court boys but one one was
the score anyways right now I'm reunited
with the boys so we're gonna go eat some
food fatty cakes always got the food on
lockdown I gotta slow down on the cake
good right now we're creating burning
the leg hair I have guys so check this
out
whoo Oh Mike did this oh my god
right I'm a dog Snickers no no went down
and everything I like that I do with the
Brothers of Destruction hey daddy's
gonna introduce me to a lot of people
this month now just know just know I
know who you really wanna keep it deep
though my vlogs are gonna get spicy this
month that's what I'm gonna say okay so
right now we quickly came to eat some
food boys but I've got a big
announcement to make for you guys you
see this kid over here you see him he
challenged me to a boxing match a boxing
match and it keeps all the angles ooh
I'm gonna have one hand he's gonna have
two hands and homemade nigga even I want
you to vote down below who do you think
will not saw the person out this is just
70 thousand likes we're gonna set it up
again okay you click on art I don't care
I don't care let's do it I'm gonna knock
a lot for the money kickstand they're
going to knock this guy out and his
eyebrows they say money 6 is going to be
honey kicks off ground ouch
anyways I'm serious about this boxing
match this a Russian cool cool dj khaled
cool Drake I need them to promote this
boxing match another one I'm gonna leave
moguls I was going hey oh my god Allah
Allah
did you not get lucky whatever it was
good I got it at that point
get the hell out of here he paid you to
pronounce a head of hoboes also say
Friday in Russian I haven't seen that
for like a buck like it's been forever
so yeah we're planning some really
really cool videos for you guys so stay
tuned everything is top secret okay
there's a drink go go go here top secret
yeah our belief as you can see I just
made it home before I end today's video
I want to attempt a very difficult
challenge it's cool the blow cup
challenge you guys heard me right
basically what you have to do is you
have to blow this Cup from here into
here it's like it's so difficult I saw
my boy cream shadow guys so I'm gonna
give it a shot
okay here goes nothing yeah it's so hard
oh yes might drop oh no no I without you
all I told you down the top I did it I
did it
we ride we ride right now I'm just about
to go to bed but before I say good night
I actually need you guys to do something
for me so basically I'm not sure if you
guys have realized for the past two days
this has been a problem for a lot of
youtubers I've been watching my videos
are not going into your home pages if
you guys could do this arre this would
be amazing so once you hit subscribe on
my channel there should be a bell like a
delay ling-ling
that thing so click on that bell as well
and that way you guys won't miss my
videos when it comes out but yeah as
always guys I love you so so much thank
you for the continued support you guys
leave on the channel but yeah anyways
I'll see you guys tour I love you guys
will don't forget to subscribe and as
always Yolo Yolo Oh
