yeah yeah everyone good morning and
welcome to a special we log guys as you
can see right now I just made it over to
my man side gin he just got out off his
private jet guys where did you come from
I came from I don't even know what
country were you in Germany anyways as
usual guys sigan literally just landed
right now and he met up with me and
right now we're actually taking another
private jet flight to America guys so
came in to pick him up isn't that my
guide you see he jetted in just for me a
ride so check it out boys right now
we've quickly come over to this like
lounge area they have guys with a bunch
of drinks and food and psychons offering
me some very nice burgers guys so yeah
look at this guys check it out whoo wait
a second you trying to convince me to
eat this stuff and I realized this stuff
is poisonous right it actually looks
real but it's made out a sponge guys so
yeah like it look at that what the hell
is this thing you're from London right a
little bit a little bit a little bit I
need a good bar that exact question
other guys once the jet gets here we're
going to go to America before now Armen
London hit him up psychons been living
in a cave but since the last time I saw
him was not ready guys he's been
camouflaged in the cave when I say this
trip is gonna be lit I mean it guys so
trust me we're meeting some big people
over there the Kardashians you guys okay
I'll kill you guys we're going to be
some cool people just don't expect - hi
I'm organizing the people like a cell
we're gonna meet my cousin my my nephew
I think you should meet the real people
from the state I so we're going to the
hood we got two tokens we got because we
recognize his rule out there okay so the
really cool thing about this place we
are guys you can actually see all of the
jets behind us down guys and even cooler
that's our jet yes you heard me guys
that's the jet we're going to America
with so get ready for the gas bill bro
get ready for the jacket because other
guys they actually have a really cool
decoration over here this is actually a
blade from a Boeing what 777 or
something for a small price tag of
10,000 pounds you can have the blade of
the Boeing 777 Jonna bye bro no anyways
guys look at this view right now I'm
excited to get on the jet guys
I'll do use Instagram something with
when life is too hard
we need to get harder no guys you
already know we're going to America you
know we had to bring the cash just lunch
money out here things before we head out
here I quickly came into the parking
guys because they actually have like a
ton of crazy cars over here
the first London BAM look at this so
this is a matte black Porsche Panamera
but look at the plate number on this
basic they think they think oh yeah guys
that is such a cool plate number and
such a cool car it's just amazing they
have a beautiful rolls-royce that you
saw wow wow wow wow and a ton of like
just amazing cars we got a Tesla X over
here or Tesla Model X then there's a
Bentley Ben take over there oh look it
is the double Bentley Joe over here and
look at these plate numbers 49 G like
actually expensive you guys don't know
anyways boys time to take you upstairs
let's go check out what they have thank
you so right now I'm just exploring what
they have up here guys but they have a
really cool meeting room check this out
the executive boardroom guys I'm not
sure if I'm allowed in here but Yolo yo
holy moly guys look at that view though
guys you can actually see the jet from
up here abort mission abort mission
anyways I think I've showed you enough
off the private jet lounge guys so for
now we're gonna go downstairs before we
get into any trouble America here we
come
hi anyways boys we're going to create
LIGO board the private jet right now
that is what you call of you check this
out this is actually a nicer jet than
the last one they always are created
life right so since we're here I know
there's one thing all if you want to
know is how do you get to a position
like this so we're going to give you
some advice I have the perfect answer to
check my youtube channel inc is you know
look I don't even know how to do that
okay so the thing is that is actually
the toilet back there guys so since
we're here let me take you to a tour of
the toilet you ready let's go guys
welcome to my toilet whenever you come
in you can't actually find the toilet
they're always hidden so check this out
as you can see boys they hide it under
this cushion so it gives it a more like
nice look to it you know what's better
than having a million dollars having a
billion dollar officially saying goodbye
to London I had an amazing four hours
here so so I can had a good ten minutes
he had a good ten minutes over here in
London so
do you want to see the coolest thing
about private jet Oh automatic doors so
I just showed psych in his picture in
the newspaper
12100 a and tell 100 they just love my
name I don't you guys look they they
added an extra letter to my good name
what is this hey guys the three hours of
the flight I took like it stop system
when I went to decided for one second
since we're the private a little
childish I want to do push-ups
into the private jet as many as you can
do what walking bro the push-up
challenge in the jet
dad dad better
I fine you're showing us now you're
showing off okay you can tell we're kind
of bored right now or like trying to
figure out things to do in the jet boat
we're doing wishes I know one the sigan
has a big announcement for you guys this
is really the best offer I've heard in
history what is it I'll even look like
daddy can do you can do it's a big deal
only this week and only for you good if
you subscribe to my channel it's free
it's written this way but what does it
mean
emergency a credit translate with this
musical it's a good emergency egress by
the way guys I never showed you we have
a special guest on today's flight here
guys as you can see Kira's here she's
making basically making sure we stay
with our diet right now yes I already
know man you know basically we're
talking sure about social media
Instagram which is like yo I don't even
put my real name on Instagram all day I
like that I like that look ingress
egress traveling smells like this in the
end of its life you qualify - I was
actually mean something goes oh I
thought it was just a misspell for exams
are you
the authors I hope you guys enjoy the
private yeah I will give you guys a
couple of inspirational quotes I think
these quotes will live with you as for
the rest of your life so take them as
they are you should never do it
never try the right now I quickly came
to the front of the plate and check out
the cockpit now but wow this is if they
look at all of those flutter yo-yo
Tristan is actually first time in
America guys know yes let's see how this
goes guys okay boy so I kind of fell
asleep during landing but we finally
made it to America here we are boys
America we made it are you ready to take
the first step onto American soil
another the first actual step guys oh oh
here it goes all right boy so all
straight extremely long day I finally
made it over to the hotel room hi guys
today was a long day Saiga's going to
bed we've got a floating TV in my room
which is incident leader zone it is
peace out my man alright 6:00 a.m.
tomorrow I got you anyways as I
mentioned I'm literally about to pass
out right now as you guys have been
seeing I haven't slept for the past like
24 hours or whatever it's been so I'm
gonna go catch some sleep right now but
we are finally in America right now I
can't wait to show you guys the city
like it looks beautiful like the drive
here it's just you know when you're
somewhere new it's just so fascinating
oh yeah guys apart from that this is
actually a suite this room is a sweet
guy so banging them check it out I have
my own living room over here this is
super awesome and stuff like that and
here is order east side guys I love you
all I'll see on tomorrow's vlog we have
a ton of things to do while we're here
guys so the vlogs have all been lit so
make sure to subscribe down below to
stay tuned and as always I'll see
more jolly ole oh oh
