young guys welcome when did you stop see
yours no yo yo yo yo what's up with Papa
man yeah everyone good morning and
welcome to a special vlog so today's
video might potentially be the last time
you see this Lamborghini
all right you guys already know I've
owned this Lamborghini Huracan for over
two years and recently we've been in
discussion of possibly upgrading my car
into a Lamborghini before we go ahead
and do that we thought why not let's
work from a friend yes
experience the car for a while and see
if I like how it works the drivers ever
seen how it works how does it work
basically guys we're not taking any
decisions at the moment yeah this baby's
going to be with us I love my baby yeah
this is beautiful don't get me wrong but
we're gonna get a Lamborghini Aventador
today we're going to keep the car for
maybe like a week ish to completely see
if we like it and then we'll take a
decision okay so let's go get this baby
guys whoa you know it's a special day
when my sister bro our bump will be
sunglasses what the hell is going on
guys I told her it's the cop down he's
getting carried away at the potential
option we might get an event or a event
or I need to look like an event
hey we shot remember all the guys he
hooked it up so thank you for the let's
go my man
thank you all right all right all right
check it out
they're amber guinea boys we got the
keys
whoo this car actually kind of suits you
doors down it's go time
guys please help me I might be about to
die right now
calm down man this could be your car you
can't be scared to drive your own car hi
let's go
I can't boys it's time for me to drive
this bad boy game let me show you how
it's done of the fly driving start so if
they check this out guys orange lambo
all right let's get it wow that is loud
okay hey I stopped down I know what I'm
doing awesome safety
I'm really sad that it turns you on
you know I think I should just start
another like rated by his they feed
I think we're concerned you can kill
yourself
hi here are the keys to drive
responsibly okay drive responses
anyways boys Lana's going to go into
Lamborghini for now my Rolls Royce is
over here so I'm gonna hop it so I'll
see you on the road hi let's go
so I'ma be honest you guys this
Lamborghini looks so nice it's
unbelievable my sister showing up now I
come I get it you have a Lamborghini
it's ok anyways as you guys can hear
this level is so loud it's actually it's
a like it's
all right
welcome home Lana Bernie
our boys we're going to quickly pull the
Lamborghini inside right now what a
beauty
hi come on I'll be careful be careful
except the carlo degorio
the thing is there's solos you have to
take it slow so they don't hit the curb
perfect
switch it off before neighbors get mad
wow that is one loud car hi boys anyways
we finally made it home oh nice and
peaceful now it needs a lot of getting
you know even the dogs in other houses
are going mad
we never had a dog in this area david's
our dog so today we're in the life of
27-yard lana what do you think about
your new Lamborghini it's crazy it's
like on the eye but here's the question
are you going to ditch your Lamborghini
Huracan which has been there for
everything for the new car memory are
you loyal or are you not I am no you
make it look like a human being guys two
years in your life that's been through
everything with you two years sometimes
we just need to move on ah anyways Oh
jokes aside guys there is the beauty the
thing is guys my sister is going to be
the only one driving up in the next two
weeks so it's ah ok let me explain guys
basically let's just say I might not
even be able to drive this car and
you'll find out very soon why I might
actually not be on YouTube per couple of
weeks and Lana might have to take over
round Chile our guinea I anyways guys Oh
jokes aside this is a beautiful car we
brought it home today so the next week
expects some crazy vlogs on Ladas
channel with this because she's testing
it alright guys listen just be safe
you're not insured on it I'm good I'm
joking guys sure I was ok other guys
this car is beautiful so congratulations
Lana the ball is in your court
now oh it's been a long time without you
my friend now you're always getting
dusty because she does or love you oh my
god I don't want you guys to get too
emotional don't worry I don't think
we're gonna end up sending this car but
it's like me you guys I wanted to sell
the Mustang and look what happened
I kept it in the end that's you guys
listen who knows maybe we can make it
blue guys bubbles loves the car oh my
god it bubbles he's a gold digger please
you go didn't window broke you go dig
bubbles calm down it's only a
Lamborghini hello oh ok boys now that
I'm home I do have to say I don't know
why I'm actually super super tired today
like honestly I could toss salad sleep
right now anyways I should work so you
guys don't be really cool I found in the
house value I found a real life snapchat
filter guys the thing is I actually got
this an event where I went to guys yeah
this is pretty cool bait on mo blogs on
snapchat by the way this is not my
snapchat so don't even scan it some I
don't even know who's that chat this is
guys it's over so anyways you know what
I might actually go to make like a real
version of my snapchat because if you
guys don't know on snapchat you can
actually scan these dots so yeah like if
this was my dot configuration then you
guys could have scanned me right now
I know that's weird Rylan you guys could
like you know like whoo-hoo anyways I'm
not gonna lie that Lamborghini was a ton
of fun today boys I honestly I'm
considering getting if my sister doesn't
right I know that sounds weird but I
haven't been in the supercar for such a
long time that whenever you get inside
it you realize like yo this is what I'm
missing out on like you know when for
example you know relation
chips when you've lost somebody and then
you start missing them you're like
Daniel like they used to be us that used
to be me instead buddy right there
anyways guys the thing is right now
being the family are probably gonna head
out to go eat somewhere I'm absolutely
starving I have any in the whole day so
let's go grab some food
yo that garage door that garage door I
used to dream about these days now I'm
dreaming bout my poop this isn't theirs
guys long as my driver for today
basically I got a lot of work to do so
drive drive that is a beautiful car I'm
sorry to say it just doesn't fit for
people yo guys loved and taken over my
makeover
so we arrived to the mall right now and
we're probably going to be eating fruit
as you notice we're like super got
really easy family yes
what is the eating and stuff telmo just
everyday she can know we have to watch
thinking we're killing the dark-skinned
population you class you can every day
yo look at the decorations here guys
this is like super cool how nice is that
guys honestly we should make our house
but like that just one bunch of
lightning I think my brother has closer
the cactus it's a practice by polder
like you try and copy this like the
cacti yeah
you look more natural than this guy
anyways boy it's time to find a place to
eat let's go my sisters having some
steak with shrimps guys I've never seen
this before and I'm having chicken
chicken oh yeah it's a Lego Joker okay
right now we just finished including
it's time to go have some dessert ice
cream okay boy so to end the perfect day
me and Lana are having some ice cream
actually fun fact for you guys I want to
lose weight if you have sugary stuff at
night it's way worse for you so yeah
you're kind of killing yourself right
now
duh duh
da Vinci Jenna the doctor guys the bag
is the same color as my sister's nails
look at it
show your nails honestly who the hell
wants her face on their back you guys
okay I'm gonna like it Louboutin is
expensive but leave it painting know who
the hell wants if I would you want my
face on your bag
no no exactly so why would you want her
face guys let's go it's time to go home
only eat and then B step to be more
adventure alright well just jump over
there and then let's Rika corner at
night also another famous artist Bangkok
land girl yeah what did you say what's
his name his name is walk read it it's a
van Gogh girl not thank god girls good
when I was young yeah but I took English
bro
and that mango international hi guys
overdose I thank God or vain god girl
they have pain of Lana Rozier that's a
lot of Rose when she was 14 because her
oh wait he wanted to make your orange
he's that the one is that the one
no it's no it's on his yo I think we
found one of the coolest cars ever right
now guys this actually looks so amazing
remember when Russia told us to make it
Orange and we said no yeah yeah I feel
so dumb right now my friend offered to
do my car this color and I said no this
is amazing
wow that looks unique I've never seen
something like that
shame on you you said no it's your part
you're supposed to decide other
the village it looks like the aventador
we have now is awesome car
I missed opportunity hello thank you how
are you oh don't let you to go bubbles
are you holding on to the suitcase I
promise I'll be back he's attacked me
I'll be back I don't want you to go okay
so I'm sure a lot if you have no idea
what's going on right now I just made it
home and I think it's finally time to
let you guys know about my big trip yes
today is actually my last day here in
Dubai guys with me tomorrow morning I'm
flying
yes you guys heard me I checked a big
secret until now guys but remember what
I told you me and Seiken are going on a
special trip together it starts two more
guys so right now I'm quickly packing my
bag I'm saying goodbye to bubbles and
tomorrow relieving no but was no-one
should we do when you get go away I love
you too anyways on that note guys I'm
gonna wrap up today's looks yeah I hope
you I've enjoyed make sure to subscribe
to stay tuned for this epic journey
we're going to go on trust me so I can
spend a lot of money on this trips up
not me a money money guys can come with
an extra brigade all the private job
guys I lose I love you guys so I'll see
you tomorrow for the journey idea stay
tuned
now Leona
