oh you guys so I actually wanted to cool
out a youtuber right now to a boxing man
I don't even think he knows this is
coming or both four million subscribers
okay we're both Asian okay I don't know
he's a so yo yo yo good morning everyone
welcome back to another vlog so today I
am starting the vlog out with my
beautiful mother the person who gave
birth to me yeah yeah but guys listen
before today's video starts I just want
to say next week is my birthday so if
you guys don't already subscribe to my
channel listen just give me an early
birthday gift go down below and
subscribe right now anyways here's the
thing today we have a ton of things we
need to do the first place we're
actually going today is I'm gonna go to
the boxing gym listen listen listen a
lot of youtubers have been training
they've been boxing you know they've
been trying to get into that case I
fight undercard listen just know guys
imma start training and let's see what
happens right right now I'm gonna head
over to the boxing gym let's go and
let's have some fun
hi guys so right now we just made it
over to the boxing gym and we're about
to train this place is actually super
super dope guys so it's time to get into
some training my body is absolutely
exhausted washing his trainings ball
he's dead like he's dead guys he's
getting it
we taking over we're taking over stay
tuned we don't train for no reason let's
just say that
please fold our guys so right now I just
finished up at the gym I am feeling like
a million dollars right now like oh yeah
you don't really finish like your first
gym session in a while and you feel like
an absolute monster like I feel like I
can knock anybody out right now so right
now I don't know what's happened but my
mom's car the alarm keeps turning on
what is wrong with maybe the doors open
when all you and mom drove the car this
huh take out the car loan today I don't
know what she's done but I think she's I
turned on the alarm system somehow so I
greenie went ahead and poured a t-shirt
because I'm heading out of the house you
guys don't even realize how much my body
hurts right now like today was the first
day that I went to the gym in like a
really long time and like my body is
like paralyzed right now I'm heading out
of the house to go do some shopping as I
told you it is my birthday in about five
days guys so your boy I can spoil myself
like this week I can do pretty much
anything because it's my birthday is my
birthday
yeah yeah guys whoa the moon yep no more
moon are you ready
let's go she said do you love me I tell
her only partly I only love my bed
that's my damn y'all guys honestly
Drizzy Drake is my boy I've been saying
this for a while he's gonna big eyebrows
like me like we're we're gang so the
first store I've come over to is to the
Balmain store its Bao Bao oh did you say
the name guys anyways I think it looks
pretty good guys so I'm gonna end up
taking this it's got like a really cool
design to it so yeah let's get it oh la
la 90% discount is that why you're
getting me Balmain wow I guess it's time
to try on the second shirt but okay
that's not the t-shirt oh no bad alright
guys let's see what my mom thinks is it
good you like this one more turtle mommy
I love you mommy mo just did birthday
shopping for me ah I don't know why I
just loved my mom today mommy what about
what about Gucci
guys we're saying goodbye to the Gucci
store there's so many flowers in there
Gucci mommy please
Noguchi oh hello oh oh oh oh she's over
hi guys so I just made it back home
after our little shopping trip guys we
are here in my cat didi didi how are you
okay so we are finally back home right
now and I actually need to cool somebody
out of the vlog all right I don't know
my sister knows you know I'm not cool ah
no wait nothing oh that guy that guy
okay guys so I actually want to cool out
a youtuber right now to a boxing match
now the thing is you guys have seen me
joke around saying I want to fight this
guy and I want to fight that guy but I'm
gonna give you guys one youtuber which
if they accept I'm down to fight okay
and I'm gonna cool out care site to make
this fight happen all right so the one
youtuber which I will actually gladly
fight guys and I don't even think he
knows this is coming ksi now 5 big star
listen if you guys don't know big star
is a youtuber which is part data size
group decide manner even message case I
saying I will knock his ass out Big Sur
where you are mixed up
life I met this guy Bo
this is him I swear if he accepts this
if they accept disguise I will train
every single day were both 4 million
subscribers okay we're both Asian okay I
don't know if he's a self
good guys listen he's probably not gonna
take the fight I wanna see you pass him
I'd be scared of me too so I'm just
saying
chase I'm calling you out please make
this fight happen now it's up to you
guys to make it happen so I need all of
you go tweet that mold logs is looking
for you roast Tim go do anything you can
and if he takes the fight what's
happening guys that's it all right
anyways let's continue the rest of the
day guys I just thought I'd call
somebody out right now yeah inside and I
was going through big stars Instagram
guys I actually kill him maybe maybe you
win you think Vic star winner
my mom says big star could beat me in a
fight yo big star my mom even supporting
you take the fight Jacob you know when
your mom is supporting you she knows the
other guy's gonna die death thank you yo
I just want to say no hard feelings to
big star guys I'm a marui life we are
friends we follow each other but I just
think give the fans what they want to
see like I feel like that would be the
perfect fight we got two Asian people
two Middle Eastern people we're good she
broke like take the fight you see he's
like me suddenly I take the fight anyway
here's the thing right now my boy rocks
is actually outside and yeah basically
me and him are going for a run at 1:00
a.m. at night yeah all right let's go so
right now Ross had just got here guys
and I just told him who I'm calling out
Vic's star it looks - first of all - the
most because your ass is gonna get hook
just like that I swear like that Oh God
bro yeah I feel bad cuz he's a really
skinny like is that fair
no yeah yeah I'm skinny buddy take the
fight get the fight
oh listen guys
to be honest he the bottom side know
he's power side man he's already a
side-by-side come on let's do it I'm
calling out ksi please make this by
having a lot of you might not know this
I texted ksi about this fight when they
were doing the first fight like the
first fight so I want this come on let's
do it in Dubai or in London Dubai in
Dubai I'll come to your city knock you
out
and we're out you just live a jet guys
right now we're going for like a small
little run you know it was my first day
back at the gym today so there's no
excuses saying I'm a fit person I've got
asthma
bro if he doesn't take the fight like
come on what's his name
Oh big star don't know slide away
listen case I happen
anyways right now but quickly go for a
run and I'll see you after we're done
okay so right now we just finished doing
our running I'm not sure if you guys can
see I am absolutely exhausted I yeah I
can't breathe guys anyways rush it's
also done bro okay you're about to die
I'm still I'm not tired the guys
basically like Russia's not even that
tired the thing is we don't outdo it
because I if we want to continue like
you have to you know it's about keeping
it up you know anyways for now I'm gonna
go home so I'm sure most of you can tell
I am absolutely exhausted right now I
just made it back home I took a shower
like I'm just I'm ready to pass out and
fall asleep guys but as always I'm an
end of todays vlog here subscribe if
you're new I'll see you tomorrow
and as always yeah Leon OH
