good morning yeah everyone what is that
welcome back to another vlog what's
poppin several of today's going to be an
amazing day super mammal back in action
oh by the way don't get the garbage oh
yeah I decided this thing is basically
there's this really cool drift event
going on but I'm not sure if I can
actually get in because yeah I don't
really have a plug at the moment though
anyways let's go that's how fun new boys
I scare crackalacking just online it's
amazing
apparently the place we're going to
might have a Batmobile so if I see
Batman over there you know I'm knocking
is a supervisor
why does my sister pick your nose of the
world you saying wrong command do that
anyways let's go let's see what we can
find today oh wow she's not stopping
we're returning to your time-lapse video
and also you'll get the car next door
just nice and the guy staying on tight
what the hell are you recording me for
only listen we're time I've seen your
car sorry I'm sorry
now he's slowing down in front of fun
and I Oh what the hell you're recording
front ok Superman driver Superman
Superman I should have a legitimate
question what does Perkis that mean I
could lose in this is also like drivers
awesome painkiller thank you
so that's what he's saying in the song
ok so check it out we finally made it
over here boys really like you guys oh
my goodness did we need we need a mini
cooper right now the fans of the gang
imagine
yo this is on another level right here
he's gonna fight again
your car doesn't even out but again this
is Lana's new car Oh imagine they wish
acordes the Mini Cooper GTR yeah okay so
the thing is they actually have a ton of
really cool cars around the area right
now we're trying to find the Batmobile
so hopefully we can go see it and yeah
let's see if we can steal it I think our
friends right I actually know the owner
you got friends I actually follow him on
a Jack I'm like hey we found this out
for real it's really cool look at it the
Batmobile is here like the weapons
coming out of it like a movie if there
wasn't that security guard there I'd be
stealing the car on the right I don't
know I think you can you can go outside
I just want to get a seat down yes
Superman Superboy for
oh that is a five exhaust car right
there master the VAT this is not a van
Lana yeah I my sister's trying to tell
you that is things a monster not a van
security car security is distracted we
steal the car I will there you go boys
that was the Batmobile Batman Superman
okay so we just made it to the drift
event right now holy moly
okay I don't think we should be this
close you're the man you are the man I'm
not sure if we should be this close guys
I don't see any humans here we run if we
see anything coming rerun I'm not gonna
lie there's been some crazy drift action
going on right now inside it actually
kind of happy just watching from here I
don't know what you're talking about I
know it's really loud but Lana's about
to go dramatic branch let's go anyway
shots my boy it's me used to right he's
a little you're on the car are you ready
is she actually gonna survive yeah we'll
see about that
you ready Lana all right good luck in
there you got it man go the fastest you
can no we don't need safe
oh my goodness always agree on price and
it's like going on ice oh by the way
guys my mind yusuf deal with an Academy
t-shirt though I'm now born my balls are
drifting Academy right now so yeah yeah
guys just make sure you come so we can
teach you how to go slimey I'm sure you
know but I'm gonna make my hair oh under
John's my bad guys listen I'm a
professional now official always back I
have too big no it feels like you're
like going on ice it is rough are there
it's my turn now my mind's gonna drift
me around it's me I'm a professional and
the oldest comes down holy moly its own
we're like star wars out here
there he goes oh my gosh I get me out
get me out yeah get me on the story oh
my god why didn't you say so my mother
level 100 that was fun right
oh I don't know how we convince my mom
to go but let's see this one laughs okay
okay there's mom she's come baby I knew
you'd like you thank you so much he's an
amazing driver
so mom emo just finished how was it my
mom looks fresh off that I write it's
like her blood was pumping in there
anyways for now we're done over here
shallots of my man used to hey guys he's
gonna ask a teacher how to strip later
on program
that's not all sort of stubborn ass go
sideways and how to play with your
starting by this my head thank you so
much we are out anyways there you go
boys that was absolutely crazy the crazy
thing is right now we're heading to
another dressed event you know I should
go drift my rolls-royce right now let's
go man let's go we're literally about to
leave and the police super cars are here
holy moly
only in Dubai you see police super guys
that is so real earn whoa wait oh my god
I caught it so right now my brother
literally dropped me in the middle of
the road to take a nice block of these
cool cars so this is pretty much the
reason why my brother dropped me in the
middle of the road this beauty over here
this is the laferrari it's a black color
wow this is also awesome like it's not
like a purple finished boot with orange
trim lines wow look who made it guys
isn't my brother's here again all of us
are really really hungry right now so
before we head over to the next event we
clearly came to have a burger so yeah oh
my god why is there a face of the burger
head I should check out who we have over
here Arash is back we made over the
second drift event holy moly oh my god
oh my god by the way this is the car
that actually crashed in the qualifying
rounds guys look at that wheel right
there
oh my goodness yo one of my favorite
cars over here is this beast over here
wow that looks like fouseytube scar on
steroids
I saw all the cars of lined up right now
they're about to drift check it out boys
down
oh my god
okay so what you just saw was actually
not the main event boys that was just
them lining up and getting like their
numbers or I don't even know but
basically the main event is just about
the star right now so let's see how it
goes the main event is just about to
start the cars are coming out this is a
big deal
Oh
all right I don't know what but I am
satisfy every time we see them kill me
on my kitchen so we something come on my
heart starts racing
one day I'ma be a pro drifter k they
invited me to the Academy a movie it
starts somewhere can start somewhere
holy moly
I think that's a rat I'm heading out of
here boys
shout out to these guys oh I'm watching
my back so nothing injuries are we not
chatting at a place right
anyways was for now we go say goodbye to
my friend Arash he's inside but that's
his bad boy right here so peace Arash oh
I wish I finally made it at home you
guys are in the refrigerator for some
reason you know what don't worry I'm
leaving at all
I thought I'm going to say I love you
guys on here basically before you guys
go I kind of want to give you guys a
heads up tomorrow's video is going to be
very very special okay all I'm going to
let you guys know trust me when I say
it's going to be super cool and yeah
it's about to go down
so make sure to more you come back and
check out what's going on video anyways
as always I love you guys a lot see you
guys two more for another acting vlogs
and yes yah seollal going
