yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog I would say good morning to
you guys right now but it's actually
kind of like good night because I'm
starting today's look very late but
there's a special reason to that which
you guys are clicked on this video for
right now I'm actually heading over to
my friend mo Al Thani you guys should
have seen in my other vlogs before but
we're gonna go and check out his private
Museum of cars without further ado I
don't want to explain anything else
let's go and let's have some fun guys oh
yo this place is a car yo i voice so
right now I finally made it over here to
my friend mol Al Thani and you guys are
in for a treat so right now we're going
to go inside and take a tour of this
beautiful place let's do this welcome
welcome
okay boys so as you can see right now
we're inside the Museum of cars boys and
the first car is a very special one
check this out
them okay so this is the smallest BMW
most of them police made a 1954 and the
door is in the front guys so we're going
to go inside just to check it out boys
yo their assistant and now I'm inside
the world's tiniest BMW is I don't even
have to open it I'm stuck down that is
insane okay guys moving on to one of my
favorites the Porsche 914 I'll sign your
name this is number 14 Wow one of those
numbers producers I'm not sure if you
know this but basically when it comes to
Porsche nine one eight 918 were made and
all of them were numbered so this is
number 14 I love the red like red is
just a must on these cars this is a
beauty I love the nine one eight plate
but we're gonna move on to the Mustang a
yeah this is from the movie itself guys
four gone in 60 seconds this is one of
those classic beauties and we're quickly
going to switch it on so you can hear it
guys
Oh any rejoice I let's really go inside
and take a look at this bad boy
I shot John a president I don't think
yeah this girl actually had nitrous in
there I don't think it's a good idea
director what's the next special one
don't behind you so I'm behind you guys
it's the 1969 El Dorado convertible and
known for Elvis lives because the Elvis
car between 1969 and has a fully
automatic submersible soft Wow yeah as
you can see was you a couple other toys
here the McLaren you got the Porsches
over here to gt3 RS is which are
beautiful the 911 are oh the brand-new
are they damn I don't even notice that I
have no idea what this car is but by the
way it looks it looks special
no yeah going Oh guys I've seen one of
these in the classic car show that one
like the most expensive car or something
down guys check it out the Mercedes
going so this is how like the SL l
started right SLS enough made something
the classic version of that you have
every see this almost acid in the 1950s
almost no way okay I said you could see
they literally have a stretch limo
classic Mercedes over here guys this
thing is absolutely amazing but now
we're gonna see what a bulletproof
Mercedes looks like guys for a head of
state but I can't mention who okay take
car and
doesn't actually on the time before oh
wow enough on the window you guys this
all that feels thick that feels so this
is what a bulletproof car looks like in
case you're wondering guys so don't try
hi boys the thing is they have so many
cool cars over here I don't know which
ones to even talk to you guys about
because I could talk forever but as I
said some of my favorites are the nine
one eight this limousine just looks
absolutely ridiculous I've already
showed you it like the music shots but
look at it it's like a classic Mercedes
limousine okay one more car I really
love over here guys they have a Maybach
just casually saying it down check it
out so as you can see Maybachs are like
the most luxurious cars ever look they
have curtains inside them this is how
luxury they are check it out
Wow Wow this is what you call luxury
voice this is what I mean about this car
having legroom guys look at this down I
can actually stretch my legs out as much
as I want and I still have room okay so
before I head out of here guys they
actually have a really cool American
themed corner over here guys check it
out so as you can see they've got three
orange American muscle cars and at the
back they have like an American petrol
station so that's super super awesome
plus they have like a minibike
collection is all over here but that's
about it over here guys everything you
can think of so yeah I don't think you
missed anything did we ah not much
anyways boys for now we're going to head
out of here so I was a huge thank you to
my mammal for letting me come check this
place out and he's actually taking a
very special car to the gumbo guys I
couldn't join him but the group he's
going with is habibi's and we're going
from
to Latvia to Mykonos and on gumball' so
follow me on my Instagram and snapchat
mobile tanning guys I'm gonna try my
best to join them for the Gumble but if
I don't make it check out their stuff
because I think everyone has to tell
them to join me on gumbo yeah I'm trying
guys I'm sorry anyways for now we're
heading off your huge thank you again
and yeah guys insane garage yo guys
before we leave check this out
they actually have a mini-horse over
here that is so cool guys I've actually
never seen a miniature pony like that
that's beautiful I can with the right
now he came over to the horse table they
have a richer sound like Arabian horses
over here we're going to quickly people
in the car oh okay I just give it to
them
alright guys as you can see some more
carrots over here to feed the horsies
with so the thing is right now we're
heading over to the bigger stable they
have well if the baby horses are so as
you can see we have all the carrots over
there and we're about to go feed them as
you can see this horse over here is
called Hasina what if these horses are
actually with their mother so her
mother's in the back over there you can
see that guys have seen her do you want
one I don't think they can hear guys
basically the baby horses are not strong
enough to bite the carrots so that's why
the mums eating it right now okay guys
so this horse over here is actually so
tongs force and they have a really cool
story behind this horse they have the
exact same day of birth guys so they're
both the same exact age born on the same
day I'm actually going inside the horse
table right now guys wish me luck let's
see
all right we are live with our voice oh
I just so right now we just finished up
with my friend Moe absolutely amazing
collection of cars for the time being
we're quickly heading up your soul
they're quickly going to come and open
the door guys Wow thank you thank you so
much for now it's time to go home boys
that was amazing I've never seen a
garage like that full of all of those
classic cars and money what do you think
it was beautiful man whoa all right boy
so we finally made it back home check
out Lana okay in case you guys are
wondering why Lana did it come she was
actually working with the music video
you guys it's nearly done so everything
is top-secret eyes basically expect the
video hopefully sometime this week all
right like taking two days no no no
that's way too sir calm down calm down
ah my singing man I'm the mo blog vocals
come in yeah yeah yeah you don't want to
hear my hostess Boyd
all right calm down chop down so perfect
are you guys okay they want to sleep our
making too much noise
I could not guys good night as always I
love you guys all I'm gonna wrap up
today's video here if you enjoyed smash
the like button I hope you did because I
enjoyed checking out that garage the
thing is guys I didn't mention to you
but my friend mo I thought he that you
guys just met he's actually part of the
royal family so super awesome hanging
out with them super humble guy for now
I'm gonna go to bed guys I'm gonna dream
about all the cool cars that we just saw
so as always I love you guys we'll make
sure to subscribe down below and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
yeah Leon oh oh oh
