yeah everyone good morning and welcome
back to another vlog so I'm actually
really excited right now I just got
another package from my bank and I have
no idea what it is this time Oh oh my
god what do we have oh the first thing
is this it says Ramadan Kareem I'm
pretty sure it's some sort of like
sweets for Ramadan so I'm going to
quickly put this to the side let's first
see what's in this box all right
oh my god hi guys ready for this oh oh
okay
I just looks super fancy right now Oh
later second what is this like it seems
like some sort like calendar or I don't
know okay let's just let's just go with
the flow guys let's go with the flow oh
wait wait is that it are you in what is
this like an iPad holder this is I have
no idea what I'm looking at right now
guys this is a portable aitai charger
guys that's awesome Wow shout out to my
bank for this amazing gift this is
actually really really cool guys anyways
as I said the second thing they got is
this I'm pretty short system sort
chocalate so let's open it up guys I
swear I have no idea why my bank is so
nice to me but I do appreciate them I
love you guys and you are the best night
ever
I guess can you pop this off three two
one
guys you don't realize how much my mom
loves dates that's out it's super all
like dates as in this stuff that is not
not the other day anyways as always huge
thank you to my bank you guys are
amazing I love you just keep going and
yeah let's have an awesome day together
guys Walter the thing is today I
actually didn't go to the gym but my
sister did and that means she hasn't
seen what my bank sent me they sent me
another gift now yes is that K another
one oh no it's something different are
you ready for this come inside check it
out
they sent me something better I told you
they like me more I told you they like
me more that is what the bank sent me I
open it up open it up no what are you
doing it's a damn case it's a portable
iPad charger
I do have an iPad this is going to
replace my old case guys look at this
iPad case is absolutely destroyed okay
but that's not all they sent me that's
not all they sent me they sent me
another one okay this is from me yeah we
used to be our voice so right now I'm
actually setting out to go do something
a little bit cool I got emailed about
this and don't quote me on this because
I can't remember exactly what the email
said but I think divine now has its
first ever professional skiing team or
something like that guys basically I'm
gonna go watch professional skiers ski
down the indoor ski slope okay so let's
go check it out and see what's going on
Wi-Fi here goes nothing time to hit this
all right boys gloves on we are ready to
go are you ready to go okay boys I think
we are done now you know they're
actually giving us like the most
funkiest socks in the world look at this
guy
anyways boys right now we're going to
quickly head into the slopes let's see
what's going on I have no idea what to
expect because we've actually missed
like most of the action but hopefully we
get to see the ride mommy mom mommy - my
mom looks like a polar bear right now
our mommy what's happening today it's
absolutely freezing right now we're
hiking up a snow mountain and the
professional people are skiing down
right now so let's go check out what
professional skiers look like again yo
guys check it out
whoo the funny thing is all of the media
people are below us right now check it
out BAM that's where we're supposed to
be but you see I'm not adorable media
person know I'm above all of them right
now
all right boys to check it out right now
I just made it over to the wrap this is
where the professional skiers are going
to come down and do that trick so
without further ado let's see some
action Oh whoo
oh there you go boys they came down and
did like their backflips and tricks the
thing is I know a lot of them look easy
on the vlog guys but they make you look
easy like trust me if you've ever been
skiing trying to look back live okay
like try and do one in real life and
then you know how hard it is to do one
on the ramp before I leave I wanted to
introduce you to some of the
professionals over here bound check it
out so these are the guys doing all
those fancy tricks you guys are amazing
just tell me how do I start well good
luck partners two little hooks three
like anyway so which one's the best of
you guys which one's the best okay
anyways these guys are super awesome
thank you guys so much
peace out obviously my mom quickly wants
to go and have some coffee while she's
here so I think we actually get like
free coffee for being hard media so
let's go oh my go come on mommy go get
your coffee let's go so before I head
off you guys I want to introduce you to
the Alpine Ski Team over here and these
guys are actually sponsored skiers any
tips on like becoming a professional
damn it okay so after watching all of
the crazy skiing my mom finally got her
wish guys look at her she got her coffee
and her food guys down on voice for now
we're saying goodbye Abby starts to this
awesome team over here I'll see you guys
on the vlog yah yah no please we're
officially saying goodbye to skiing and
of I guess it's time to go think of this
jacket oh no guys the sucks they gave us
are like the coolest socks ever so we're
officially out of all of the skiing
costumes and
yo what's up Gang Gang yeah we out here
boys dabbling them do something crazy
hey Garrity does ska everybody was doing
us funny looks I decided to take the hat
off but they actually have a really cool
decoration for Ramadan in the more check
this out banging yo look at that guys
look at that guys there's a bird on the
car hello
so now that are done with the scheme
boys are quickly going ahead of home the
thing is as I mentioned you guys
actually broken all of my camera so I
have no backup ones at the moment so
right now I need to go buy another
camera so I'm quickly going to go pick
up all of my broken cameras give them in
for service and then I'm going to buy a
new one again so yeah let's go spend
some more money on cameras ah yo boys -
check it out my mom quickly came over to
the camera store because if you guys
know me you know how many cameras I
break like this is probably the seventh
time I've broken my camera so he quickly
came to drop it in to get it serviced
the thing is I've actually broken it so
many times that they don't fix it for
free anymore yes you heard me right guys
so every time you buy a camera you get
like one free service I think but that
your boy he's over done that because
I've already fixed each six of my
cameras all right boy so check it out
here is my new camera bando hopefully I
don't break this one the thing is why
not do an unboxing in the store
I haven't even paid for yet guys so the
thing is I'm actually giving this camera
right here to get serviced so I'm going
to change to the new camera in three two
one
beyo whoa I'm not sure if you guys can
tell a big difference but this camera is
super crispy guys and that is what a
clean lens should look like again so now
that I have my new camera I could you
want to get myself a bubble gum from
over here
the reason I love getting bubble down
from these machines is to guess the
color so what's your guess I'm ami Mo's
guessing red I'm gonna guess white just
because these machines hate me and they
never give me a color
ah good you're by the way guys mummy mo
just got a really really cool gift from
a fan guys check this out
BAM they keep her perfume
by the way huge shout-out to these guys
they're the ones I go Momo's a gift so
thank you guys so much
Eddie shout out to your family friend
showed up to Grandma
nothing that's it that's the only God I
get to China anyway these guys are
awesome man your your skull be out here
peace Peter
Tinkerbell alright we're gonna go inside
alright God yay for this oh my god oh my
god Peter Oh calm down Where's Waldo so
I finally made it home right now and you
might be wondering mo have you lost your
mind
no I actually think I look pretty damn
good right now I'll go your line I think
I'll go some serious slag yeah this is
the reason I'm so in love with this hat
it actually reminds me of when I was
like 15 years old I used to wear this a
lot and just to show you a picture of me
wearing a hat like this guy so you can
compare BAM yeah that's really that's
the over the hit anyways this Ryan
today's video actually taught you guys
about something that's a little bit
upsetting now normally I try and keep
the blogs positive and I don't like
talking about anything down but I feel
like I need to get this off my chest so
recently if you guys haven't heard
ariana grande was having a concert in
Manchester and there is actually a
bombing at the concert I think 19 people
died before I say anything I'm sort of
saying my condolences are out there to
all the families that went through
anything and I just want to say guys put
a smile on your face go out there every
day live it to your foolish because
honestly we're only in this world for
like a hundred years or something at max
so yeah guys god they're spread some
positivity spread some love and let's
get this world into some goodness again
I saw Tony with you guys I'm the worst
at speeches but yeah guys absolutely I
love you guys I'll see you two more for
another epic vlog let me know if you
like my hat or not like I love it I'm
gonna wear this whole week as I said so
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another episode and as always yeah leo
