yes everyone good morning a 158 another
vlog so you might be wondering where I
am right now or actually starting the
morning at the Alcazar hotel basically
we're here to have breakfast before we
go to the gym guys so we kind of
spoiling ourselves today anyways let's
go over to the Buffy yes let's have a
good day
so check it out boys I just made it over
to the bathroom where they have their
breakfast this place is actually really
cool look at this now they have a ton of
fruit over here you can see that and
they were like Batman over here I don't
even know what that's supposed to be but
okay so I actually want to show you the
view that you get from this place guys
because it's absolutely insane sorry
quickly having our breakfast over there
but check this out guys
oh yeah I feel like a holiday somewhere
yo we literally in the jug goes away as
I mentioned it's early in the morning
it's super super bright but I actually
want to show you some of the cars they
have in value over here they have a very
very nice
it's like a matte gray Lamborghini
Huracan guys check it out and here's my
bad boys here it's a beautiful day guys
let's go to the gym and have some fun
hi boys so for now I just finished up
with all of the work out actually
quickly weight myself because I haven't
done that in a long time so dish down
below how much you think I weigh and
it's time to find out boys let's do this
well balance it out guys you have to
balance it out guys I'm 86 and a half
kilograms what I swear I've actually
gained weight since I've come to the gym
86 at all oh my god monitors as you can
see I just made it back home right now
and we're back in the studio yes you
heard me right this is the studio where
all the top music gets produced
my sister is still working on the album
okay can you read we sign the lyrics
like give me what you got give me a
party that's the lyrics I don't want to
be in the song anymore anyways she's
gonna continue working on the song I
just got home I'm literally dead right
now cuz all it is I just came to my room
look at kitty hey hey buddy this is my
bed you cause sleep in my bed oh-ho
every time I come home she's sleeping in
my bed we have some good news on the
vlog right now boys so I'm not sure how
many if you remember this but two months
ago I broke my bike and today and
finally got back from the repair center
whoo
okay so as you can see boys my baby is
finally back let's take it for a small
little ride you ready guys go let's go
you're smart balanced coffee too strong
yeah I'm boys let's go what are you
doing moment you already know Jencks the
mo is back in action who needs a car
when you can have a bike out here boys
the street life is worth about let's go
oh my god
bye Lana bye oh there's a cat hello
buddy
hello alright ah the chase is on the
chase is on no you don't you don't want
to you just want to run away from me I
gave voice we're gonna take this
off-roading hopefully I don't get stuck
yeah oh my God we're all okay so the
really cool thing about this area I live
in guys there's a lot of construction
going on and a lot of new houses being
built up which means there's always like
tractors around the area and they're
just kind of left there guys so let's go
check this one out hopefully there's
nobody inside it guys down look at this
thing like there's so many of these in
the area it's crazy and you just leave
that like I want to go in and see if the
keys are inside but at the same time I
don't want somebody thinking I'm trying
to steal ever that is also look at this
this is what I mean there's so many new
houses being built it's insane oh
there's another one there's another one
guys alright anyways we just made it
back home with the bike so much fun by
the way I never showed you this but we
actually fixed our trampoline bay home
check it out boys it no longer has the
safety net around it and it just looks
so much nicer yeah definitely not safer
I could go back through from the vlog
oh yeah just throw yourself back that's
easy as that why are you kidding me was
that your backflip
ah don't try anymore don't try anymore
yo hi you probably know where we are
right now we are back in the studio boys
and it's time to officially record the
first parts of the song guys so let's do
this
guys this is my favorite part of the
song right guys you ready what you doing
girl slow down slow down
with your big booty shake yeah I need
top on is it guys this song may not be
PG anymore like one word that dr. G
again I don't think that guys everyone
says booty it's not a bad word by the
way guys if there's any big booty girls
I want to be in the picture and you can
make it jiggle contact me and you'll be
in the music video too anyway we're
going to go back to recording the stone
guys let's see how it turns out angry
for now writing out boys awesome
recording sessions so stay tuned this
one I promise is going to be a banger
guys okay boys let's go yo like you boys
to check it out right now I just made a
noise from boy Issa if you're wondering
where we always come to place a fool
right now you're going to nothing quick
game of pool I'm gonna break just to
show you how to start a game guys that
is what you call a perfect break as you
can see everything is scattered around
watching miss this have you missed this
that's it I'm putting in the vlog
ah he's shot in my boyish shudder do if
he hits this I want you to smash the
like button
Oh
and she dies he's getting to his head
not getting to his head
oh what a fluke
what a game point guys can he do it ah
this time ace is going to show you how
to break a cave
if you fail I'm gonna laugh so hard haha
what is he doing definitely go to the
for now we're officially saying goodbye
to Easter quickly came to play a game of
ping pong and pool with him and his
peace out bro don't spot me until next
time guys they blows the gates what time
is it guys my boy ace is trying to fix
it ah now that I'm home I can't do
something a little bit interesting I'm
going to do some time traveling for you
guys yes you heard me right
basically right now I'm gonna take you
guys 2 weeks back into the past okay and
we're going to do a male time together
are you ready for this alright let's do
this guy's that isn't how it's going to
work out 3 2 1
Mel time okay boys so without further
ado it's officially time for another
male time we picked out a couple of
pieces that you guys have sent in so
let's open it whoa the first gig is a BF
w ha hey I mean I didn't mind guys I do
on how to be man yeah my sis tied to BMW
so you can take this my sister now has a
BMW hat anyways they also got me a
really cool t-shirt now
you know you have super mess and I am I
do I have that letters okay I have now I
have two different Batman this is not
even my size it is media I'm not a
medium brother look just don't fit a
medium anymore yeah I just about the D
term media there you go thanks Oh what
are you doing Oh monkey no did you just
kill it with your hands
oh okay don't don't don't ah this is
packet number two and I need some clues
method eschewing you that jewelry value
$10 are you kidding me oh my goodness
muscle director what does this work try
Dracula yippee don't you have to accept
you're not sure like before okay oh the
dork your studies I've ever seen it's
like charcoal color it actually feels
really nice though like they put that
nurse would you material I can send your
hand disappear to do another love letter
here we go again guys oh oh this was a
Valentine's Day gift for Lana guys I may
be away but I'm sure even when were far
apart distance can never change the love
I have for you in my March give me a
couple feet get out of here yeah that I
hear man che don't know what people as I
say money you know I don't like you
cause the very nice love that I acted
okay so uh well like were you Lorna I
loved you never give up on your dream
what the hell I'm on but this is long I
love good it is it hi bowl and in the
corner it says Laura I love you and
never give up on your dreams like which
one do I read thank you so much to my
man for sending your sin there's
actually no name but there was three
dollars in Nashville I got you bro I got
you bro okay it's another one for both
legs out here sorry I opened it by me
more you guys are amazing thank you so
much oh yeah look at that
they said we're award set oh my god this
is so good fun Oh company guys are cool
happening on the cooter Sports look at
them I change they said in man ass not
cat t-shirt I don't even know what is
this what is moral I agree I think
that's really yes you are just hearing
exercise I thought you said extra fries
you have to wear this Oh
hashtag represent this is a lifestyle
man just a lifestyle out here this song
for mommy mo okay I would wait for mommy
mo but she's nagging I don't know I
think one was asleep right now
a few moments later oh that is so nice
you got a nicer one dimana I'm not even
gonna lie down so guys look at that it's
for more check the givers you left the
vlog thank you thank you thank you
whoaa yeah this is for Lana Rose and I'm
pretty sure it's a ring that every oh oh
let's see what it is oh my god will you
marry disbanded oh my god you're kidding
okay yes thank you
thank you so much I don't even believe
just happened I don't know you aren't
she's married she's married guys I think
we can officially add to this look here
guys
Paul and our portable model officially
just got married right now listen
she gave the wedding ring he paid his
dues to be submissive he did the perfect
marriage guys this normally would you
marry somebody would you pay off the
family like hey listen we're going to
marry like your family then everything
was done correctly pool so you are
appreciated you are the man is all your
side guys if you want to enter to win
some Apple airports make sure to
subscribe down below and yeah we'll see
you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo oh you are now bright whoa
