my life is fine life is good another one
another one another lady coming here oh
yeah everyone what is that good morning
so we're starting out the day with our
you birds as you can see guys and they
are sitting on my sister's hand yes look
at this guys so my sisters are playing
around and one of them is sitting on her
finger
that's tinker man that's too you name
them already Tinkerbell and Peter Pan
Tinkerbell poop come on I know you want
to poop on her hand
okay stop actually got some really
really good news to show you guys this
morning basically our Gordon is going to
be done today so they're actually laying
out the big cross right now it's in
front of me and it looks so amazing no
does this is the fake grass as you can
see they're quickly putting it on wow
wow wow wow
anyways right now I'm just about to head
out boys though before I do today's the
last day I'm announcing this because if
you guys want to win a MacBook Pro
today's your lost chance to enter to win
it so make sure to subscribe and you're
good to go
a few moments later babe oh yeah so as
you can see our whole garden is filled
with fake grass right now and it looks
amazing
let's look at our house right now
they're still doing some work on as you
can see guys though it's not completely
done but wow wow it just looks so
amazing
and now our grass is never gonna die cuz
its take Shh don't tell any Liaquat it's
real grass who knows that I got seeing
people show sake it actually feels so
nice is you can actually lift our ground
do you see that yeah what are you
supposed to do that
I don't know and in working anyways I'm
gonna leave them to do that thing
because I think I'm getting in their way
so let's go okay so I was actually
supposed to head out right now by school
before
leave the house today I want to let the
new birds loose um yeah yeah very very
good a you slap it
okay can I do this noise you don't know
what give me the thing is usability of
how lovely Frieda come on fly let's see
oh oh my god it's all right I'm going
he's taking a shower yeah let's build a
little shower for them boys oh my god
come here come here
oh my gosh now you're just making the
panic they smell my finger it is
literally a zoo right now I've got a
special come on it is they won't stop
running okay like that guy he's out
there look at it can't then it can't
touch me I just slowly just stay still
stay still for a few moments commit
think about have a special relationship
right now
okay so why are you flying away why we
had such a good relationship
thank you I'm actually really tired
right now guys so I'm going to leave the
house you can do it oh yeah exactly
that's why I knew you're gonna do this
to me every time you leave everything a
mess gonna go I'll believe enjoy enjoy
anyways I actually wasn't joking right
now I'm heading out to go see my boy
Adnan so let's go let's have some fun
those birds are actually really cool I
call wait until like they get trained or
they start sitting on us at the moment
they're just scared so yeah it makes
sense that they're flying around like
smacking wolves with their head like
that's normal I think I don't I don't
know what's normal but yes let's see
what can you see
damn look at that girl hangs up shut up
everybody
learn how to unlock this damn car I
learned I learned says butter man you
don't have the button to close the door
no what kind of cars roads but that's
only the race that man would turn this
car we don't want this anymore
Oh what is this this is not on the seat
what right now my boy I've not smells
really good for some reason was to help
don't worry about that any ladies are
beautiful you know my aunt my sweet
angel of an end I don't know where we're
going but we're going somewhere all
right let's go somewhere somewhere brain
dry everybody's going in some way ok so
right now we actually came to play some
people because a non challenged me oh he
challenged me yeah so what just to show
you guys how good I am
I'm going to play with one hand above
low camera right you ready for this
and one that's it guys game over
oh so right now we quickly finish
playing our ping pong and look who just
go here dog yuan I don't know one know
what you're trying don't need a gun to
get respect a funny trick to check it
out boys right now me and the boys
quickly came to have some cheeky nandos
Ferrum yeah my boy Adnan looks a little
bit too happy right now chill oh oh he's
also a little mo guys this is just for
me by the way too cool chickens are for
me and now we're waiting for their fruit
to get here Vikings actually joining us
he just got back from a the UK or
somewhere one of the few guys who are
now blessed to eat i bless you oh yeah
full time did you do another spray
tanning another ray Turner was a since I
gained is back from wherever he went to
I don't even oh my god I don't even know
my word everywhere you go you know I'm
building the company so I can word I
could've had another one day another one
while Saiga was in Germany he got
arrested he actually got arrested I
don't even know why I'm with him right
now like you might kill me right now did
you see he got writing a trend for
jaywalking I was running
hey I do where he was chased by police
before we eat I'm taking a risk right
now I'm exciting an extra myself yeah
this is a deadly situation I might die
oh my god this is oh you haven't seen
this yet what you think about my new car
you know when we used to live in Europe
and we spent so much money on the mumble
plate they will think we recorded yeah
but you know yeah relations I like that
I like yeah where's my hug to my new car
my game is dancing it's bad for those
the cheapest one I could get I really
look like I like that right now he just
made it back to Saigon space taiga
doesn't think I can get into his
security apparently I need a code but my
code is my plate number watch this watch
this
hello sir three digits as you saw boys
we just got in a way so we quickly
stopped my sigan tough because he wanted
to change now he's a little gangsta mode
again yeah I'm so fussy about what he
weighs like you know I look too posh -
oh really
I'll try to speak in here and turned on
the light again we're actually taking a
taxi in the mall ain't no no don't leave
don't leave
all right let's go sigan took us on a
taxi in the mall this is so unnecessary
though there's no lazy wheel I don't
know why we're doing this it's a pretty
retarded I say let's go come on guys get
out the way you should run next I know I
should right like I'm gonna run yeah you
better run it's okay Tony
I feel like I'm a Jurassic Park in here
the Tyrannosaurus Rex get away from it
get away get out here get a foot in your
face
what's that was this real Velociraptor
you just come up were you hiding in a
trash can what the hell did you come
from okay I ended up chasing the taxi
for like half a kilometer around the
bull guys oh so I can just went for a
run a nice buying ice cream
that's his justification so what do you
want look at this they actually sell
flower shaped ice cream over here this
doesn't seem like a smart decision but
we're buying ice cream straight off the
run John a shout-out on my blog now so I
give in to so many different countries
we're trying to pay with euros and pound
oh look at that okay so check it out
here is my ice cream boys this actually
looks so nice I feel bad if I ate it
it's that type of situation
look at my knitted nons we're like
opposite personalities right now hot Sun
and an axle mode anyways we're literally
in a taxi eating flour ice cream I don't
know how this can get any weirder this
is actually a good investment okay so
the reason we're actually here I never
told you this but we're recording a TV
show guys
yes so this is the studio we rented out
why are you always lying
oh my god hi guys I think it's time we
left like what what the hell you know
what's better than money knowledge
sigan what are you doing sir I should be
just good Tigan what are you doing are
you trying to kiss the ball it's a sex
mode baby it's true it's all about you
it's no crime okay so right now we're
actually heading over to another
restaurant so I you told us his friends
are playing tennis but he mistake that
for drinking tea no it sounds like
tennis it's called Palace Palace Palace
Palace anything now just makes use to
make us go eat some more food
yeah now this later ken is now ready a
more food oh okay so this is the spot we
just made it over to and look who I met
Lissa oh you watch the videos don't ya
want to sometimes shout out thank your
friend I shower too often I like that
thank you thank you so much it's
probable I'm joking oh you we're talking
about hot band date back and from
another Church it basically hastens prom
was over here at this hotel guys you
don't even know what my school was ley
lines you know that Jumeirah college
Haseena yeah as you know I don't have a
girlfriend
I think we have a really weird situation
and I sign I don't find the camera
actually know what let's let's make this
advice please I'm bad with this result
tell me in the comment sections how'd
you let a girl know you like them he
used to follow her after school for
about seven years
that'll meet I buy something I never
lose everybody I'm sorry we love you
guys subscribe for handsome he's the man
anyway the super super late right now
boys were saying goodbye to hi signed a
peace out
listen buddy stay strong stay calm
life's good my life is fine I like it
good
I'm blessed grateful yourself another
one another another lady coming ahead I
finally made it home right now I check
it out the garden is finally fully done
so I know I showed you it in the morning
but now it's complete it's not the best
time to show you but wow it actually
looks so nice even at night
do anyways right now I'm going to go
inside it's late I don't think I should
be screaming outside here so let's go
okay you can probably tell it's super
super late right now boy so as Louise
I'm going to say good bye to all of you
here don't forget today is the last day
that you can apply to win the new
MacBook Pro I stay as if it's like a job
application you can apply to it so if
you want to win your downloads subscribe
but as always I'm going to say goodbye
because tomorrow
I've actually got a lot of things I need
to do so I'll see you guys then Yolo
Oh
