yeah everyone what is that good morning
your squad
so today is day two of destroying our
garden if you guys want to see what our
garden looks like at the moment BAM
yeah they're literally doing a very very
good job of killing it basically if you
see over there on that side where it's
not the whole garden needs to look like
that anyways it's a beautiful day so I'm
gonna head out right now so let's go and
that's the fun let's do this yo all
right so check it out boys the first
place I've actually come today is I'm
going around looking at pets but my
friend hailers here as well so we're
going pet shopping today yes you heard
me let's go and see what they have so
kitten shopping Hale is actually looking
for a kin and this store has a couple oh
my god Oh
oh yeah that's not icky another dog
sorry for like down is adorable oh oh so
guys this is the first option let me
know does he look cute enough for you
guys hello yeah hold it he feels so
delicate by the way I think we should
name her fluffy fluffy is a good name
for her they actually do have kids over
there so that's the main reason we came
but we just so fluffy over here so we
have to play around with her yeah but
see how calm he is like he's buying you
know genetics
and the cushion okay anyway
unfortunately we have to say goodbye to
fluffy Galya anyway did you guys work
you fluffy in the videos I mean yes
subscriber the thing is they actually
have a ton of really really a dorm with
Alex here they have Huskies over here
look what this guy's sleeping I'm gonna
wake him up ah look at him guys for now
we're just looking around to see what
they have they actually have a really
grumpy cat over here hey y'all what's up
now was good anyways as I said we're
quickly looking around all the pets
because as I told you we might be
getting some new cats so yeah love you
say goodbye to the vlog oh my God he's
buying your shoes
live fluffy so they actually have a bird
outside and it's not flying away guys I
dared hailer to touch the power okay oh
ah there you go
so right now he's got the power in my
hand guys look at him oh my gorgeous hey
y'all chill oh no no no no you make it
work that way look at the camera block
camera here yeah it's a parrot I didn't
know hey guys I don't like that it's not
my big comeback okay so right now the
bird is on my shoulders guys I think he
wants to go on a walk with us alright
let's go nobody is actually coming with
us we're gonna take you back again go oh
yeah actually we're right in this store
they actually have the coolest thing
ever
they have a panda dog this dog actually
looks like a panda
oh look at his tongue what I just met
bolt-on and Mohammed and they're giving
me the craziest gift I've ever gone look
at this
they're giving me birds really guys this
is also what are these birds by they are
they like parrots I don't know
a lot of stuff like to hang up first on
ah but thank you guys so much that's
awesome I keep it that's it I thank you
see you guys appreciate it so much peace
yo this is literally the strangest gift
I've ever got in my life guys I now have
two birds in the family yes okay okay I
quickly came over to a bird store get
them some food guys oh yeah this is so
weird
I'm actually going over to Birds Wow
I thank you okay we were actually
supposed to be looking for kittens and
those guys but I don't know how we
changed into reptile tropic they have
many dragons in this store what hey
buddy
if Kayla has a thing for frozen that
snakes and everything she loves it I
know why Kayla loves snakes and frost
eye what the hell huh I'm sorry to say
but I actually found the world's ugliest
cat in the store guys like don't judge
me look at this thing watch them what is
that oh my god guys look it's a demon
okay unfortunately they actually have
tarantulas and snakes over here look at
this thing ahh oh my goodness guys no no
no chill chill chill W enjoy this is
trying to open the lid I think we should
leave before they get out
oh hey chill chill chill right man and
I'm good I can give it to her so my man
just brought our snakes
yeah Hale is actually going to hold the
snake
oh my goodness this is Shana please
don't do it I don't know how you're
doing this hey Leo you look very happy
over there iced red invites me yeah do
you have another night what what is this
tool by the way good like this it is the
piper I'm walking my new pet snake oh
you're going on a walk let's go by the
way the snake you just sold this is
Ahmed snake so this is his personal pet
by the way so yeah good luck with him I
hope he's very good to you okay I piss
off and Susan okay for now I think I
want to head out of here boys because
honestly that lost shop just put me off
pets like that's it I don't want her but
yeah for now we're gonna head out I
don't think she found a kitten or
anything guys so pre sad story but at
least we got to see a bunch of cool
stuff to be honest I don't think I need
more animals in the house especially not
a snake so let's get out of here guys
all right so I finally made it home boys
as you can wait what are you wearing
what the hell is that fan mail fan mail
oh my god are you ready to see our new
birds canary
yeah I ring them out they're so
beautiful oh my god like boy and girl oh
my god mistaken sighs hi there are the
new pets guys let's slow it down
Robby Lee likes cute couple I think they
should be Billy and Bobby we've been
here can you both should have been that
friend Billy and Bobby anyways guys
there is our new pets we're gonna figure
out what to do with them right now so
yeah here here buddy we're literally
just about to head out right now but I
don't know what bubbles is doing he's
got a bag on his head okay so before we
head I want to show you the aftermath of
our garden this is what it looks like
right now so they've completely removed
all of the grass we had and yeah now
it's a dead man's land yeah okay
so we're just on our way to the shopping
center guys but we soul literally the
biggest tired you're ever going to see
in your entire life okay I'm walking to
it right now get prepared okay I don't
think there's a tire bigger in the road
holy moly
this is the world's biggest iron bear oh
ma look at my sister and look at the
tire that is Godzilla oh we can go in oh
it's open
Go Go this place looks closed but we're
walking in Go Go Go Go Go engine run run
I'm pretty sure this place is closed
right now are you kidding
yo look at that oh my god Wow oh it is
the world's largest tire oh yeah I'm
pretty sure this place is closed right
now guys so we kind of just snuck in go
go go go
I actually think we just broke in
because there's nobody here go go go go
we literally just broken
there is your voice that is how you
sneak into a showroom so nobody telling
us okay
alright so we came to eat some food
right now but a pint is a party inside
here hey peanut damn they just finished
dancing I not go getting my food I came
here for food one day I came here to get
my food no more dancing around okay just
call your guys check it out oh my god
you're not supposed to put all that junk
over it moment hey mommy what you want
to show them mommy mommy
okay so my mom wants to show you the
Easter eggs they have over here
you mean the balloons are Easter eggs
yeah I'm not sure if you guys remember
this is actually a real dinosaur
sculpture that has been flown in from
America I've said this on my blog about
a year ago but I'm pretty sure most of
you have forgotten about it and it looks
insane there look at that guys
that's real dinosaur bones crikey and
look at the skull of the dinosaur it's
tiny for the time being we're gonna head
off home boys we quickly just came to
eat some food and yeah I think it's
about time we left this place because
yeah everything is shut down so we can
already stay it's literally so late that
the elevators don't even work this is
why you shouldn't come out late at night
boys nothing is open or working oh I
think we have a major problem guys our
cat Kitty really wants to get to the
birds badly she's like food she's trying
to get from there to there to kill the
new birds then let me enjoy my last meal
to wrap up today's Loki I hope you've
enjoyed boys today's love was actually
so weird like thinking back at it now
like I got two birds as a gift like what
anyways as always I just want to say I
love you guys so make sure if you want
to enter to win a MacBook Pro go down
below and subscribe I'm picking the
winner in two days so yeah it's like
you're lost chance to subscribe and win
as always I love you guys I'll see you
guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo bye
