yeah everyone good morning how are you
guys doing so day three of gym today as
you can see my gym partner just made it
to me right now so I'm heading out let's
go and let's have some fun guys all
right all right all right so na oh my
goodness is it hot in here or what huh
this place is the best place to come
after your workout guys honestly it
feels so nice
just sitting here do you already know
what's about to come guys let's heat
this place up and you're ready for the
heat guys are you ready for the heat
here goes nothing oh my god this is
every time you pull water on there it
gets so hot it's insane just to show you
look how much my camera steams up are
you ready for this guys oh okay it's
searing outside anyways there you go
that has been my gym session for today
day three has been amazing again this is
what I look like at the moment guy so I
don't see any progress yet but I'm sure
it's happening somewhere inside my body
okay it's happening guys alright so we
just finished taking a shower right now
quickly came to my friends house we're
having some fresh orange juice guys
check this out
BAM so as you can see you cut up all
these oranges and look at this machine
this is the orange juice maker guys whoa
this is what you call diet life orange
juice in the morning yeah good morning
kitty how are you
why are you complaining you want to
oranges to guys basically every time we
come and we're eating something she
complains say hi to the block yeah there
you go
okay boy so 12 oranges turned into that
much orange juice damn cheers to a new
lifestyle I got my orange juice my
Ferrari Cup we're living good today
whoa all right another day another
workout session completed voice the
thing is I've actually also been eating
healthy voice so hopefully we see some
results quick anyways for the time being
I'm gonna head off hold my friend raw
 is actually letting me borrow his
Mercedes AMG so we're gonna have some
fun today boys let's go come on ma c'mon
let's go people let's go whoo oh there
she is voice I guess this is gonna be my
ride for today
whoo engine on yo let me know the
conversation does this car soo because
honestly I think this is a really nice
car
all right all right now we are finally
home boys oh yeah my do car Yeah right
check it out 100 at $50,000 Mercedes
that is such a beautiful car guys that
is amazing
I'm actually I really like this car now
it looks nice the thing is this is the
last time you're going to see this car
dread
whoa changing the color no I like this
color on this guy good I don't want to
say when they're changing it so I'm not
gonna give it I'm not a snitch guys but
vision I'm good at this coming I don't
know but I like this color is on except
me I think this color suits dis car so
well Rogers gonna watch this I really I
haven't even seen the new color so I
guess I can't say much oh there you go
that is the bad boy for today all right
I can take this I'll box out breakfast
yesterday my mom went to McDonald's I
look what they gave her guys there's a
McDonald's bull this is amazing
I'm not even sponsored then I'm a very
vicious and I am very great to show you
this Gaza but long gone
I broke the chandelier Oh
turn you hi Tony or should I describe
the table guys um yeah I uh peace out
guys I love you but like a boy so now
that we've broken everything inside the
house I don't think it's a good idea
playing with a ball inside all right you
need to take you outside so I'm gonna
try and keep this into the same for you
ready for this guy's
yeah did they say that yeah guys I got
so lucky
anyways boys since we have the Mercedes
in the house I want to take it for a
small little Drive right now so let's go
because that way up okay boys it's time
to show you what a takeoff looks like in
a Mercedes AMG all right let's do this
yeah and that is what your cool power
I'm gonna get in the car let's go
anyways as you can see boys this car is
absolutely ridiculous when it comes to
its drive like it's so powerful that you
get scared driving it almost anyways
right now I'll put the card to come
promote so we can go a little bit slower
but honestly the best thing about this
car for me is the fact that it has such
a low right you know like it makes you
feel like you're racing while you're on
the road anyways I'm gonna put it back
into sports mode right now your edges
okay anyways I think it's time we head
back home right now mommy mode doesn't
like this car guys all rhyme I'm ami mo
bye I hope you enjoyed the ride anyways
boys now never back home with this
beauty I actually want to show you the
whole of the car from outside so get
ready for some beautiful shots let's do
this the run and make a real quick
really rails look now isn't that a
beautiful car anyways what I'm trying to
say is I'm absolutely in love with this
car guys and if I bring my hand down
whoa love okay before I head off to go
see my boy wash it I quickly came over
to my sister's room guys we have another
big announcement that's a lot of vocals
covered yet guys were releasing another
music track be amazing okay guys
honestly first time we're just messing
around with you guys
this music is gonna be so lit you're
going to take back all the bad color to
that for the last second well what I'm
doing in this just no guys dj khaled is
gonna want to be on this song I'm just
I'm just saying I'm just late hit me up
yeah we can do colors a dude is gonna
build my channel this time so yeah Joey
no it's a real
yeah as you know it's a real one I give
them a sneak peak your it
no we can't do that everything's top
secret like wheels look at jump touch
much jump I do work she just read the
lyrics for the new song guys it doesn't
want one of the license with a Cadillac
like a check up on it makes it look
different corners of your budget it's a
lot of words from different languages
that have been incorporated into the
English language to is well as just both
a new song ain't gonna be English is not
gonna being it's done it's gonna be all
Chinese and authentic in it if my
channel goes downhill from now just
subscribe from now and you can say you
were here before everything over insult
go subscribe right now or else you're
going to be here after doomsday okay
okay guys to check it out I just made it
over he and I met this guy what's up
what's up Dobbins of La Crosse Roku fell
I like that and it is shout out to my
pizza yo yo yo
I'm boys look we finally made it to the
man at the legend the dawn money kicks
us out knowing that I came money but
dawn and I don't
so no more money you guys okay it
subscribe to the Dona but bill and lucky
so super super busy inside this
restaurant guys but the milkshakes just
got here check them out fam
Christmas a little bro you gonna diet
you need to be on the diet but what's a
guy I like that
anyways I'm just having chicken guys
we're about to prank my points along
with a birthday cake as you can see we
got the birthday milkshake that it was
just next a fatty fatty English API
number eight
how much is that what you snap at snap
everything so we just finished up with
the milkshakes right now we're all
heading ourselves or say goodbye to my
my my my pop or if you think we have
beef when we were after the fight Oh
guys by the way we never had to be false
at a boxing match we're still friends
okay what the hell
like ignition we're having a rematch we
have to be friends until the revenge
knock him off
I'm not gonna Ken bubbles and Kitty in
series 4 now saying goodbye to our shed
found peace out
I don't know what they oh okay so I just
made it over to the valet guys and you
won't believe what car they have here
BAM but they actually parked my sister's
car in the front for the first time ever
guys anyways my mother's sister right
here as I mentioned so let's go see
where they are
oh hi guys check it out we made it
we're known as a lot of people yeah
right now my mom's going to go get a
free chicken again guys I my family is a
bunch of cheapskates
I'd never offer us one year worth of
free food because we're going to come
back every day free chicken out some
more sugar you want to kill me
this is not no threat okay put it back
put it back sugar is not what no shred
closed it's closed
nobody's coming your restaurant I'm just
telling you now okay so I just made a
home right now I guess what's happening
the AMG GTS is actually going right now
boys so for now we're going to say
goodbye to this bad boy and yeah we had
a good little day with it guys
bye I came with today we actually got a
very unusual gift this would buy door
door chemist so stay put your drink of
water you really thank kids why didn't I
see later man the question is this was a
bad man or anything I lick it in all
night
it depends Williams behind our house
store so whoever is knows where we do I
left is frost I deserve hey you know I
was actually oh come on monsters you're
gonna break this they actually give to
the random parts of magic wow that is
awesome
like we seriously needed those they're
trying to say you need to learn how to
cook
shout out to I a letter I didn't I say
read the second analysis a shout out a
letter for leaving this they said to mow
close the model enjoy cooking and happy
rabbit all right guys absolutely
love you I hope you enjoy today's volume
feeder bands smash the like button right
now make sure to subscribe down below in
what we time I need to choose the winner
therefore give way so make sure to
subscribe to grind choose the winner
guys and it could be you as well as all
of you guys see you guys more yeah leo
