good morning yes God welcome back to
another vlog so I kind of overslept
today right now is day two of my
transformation guys this week's vlogs
are going to be more about me than
anything else I honestly want to change
myself as a person and I want to have a
six-pack yeah I'm trying to motivate
myself for the gym session guys
now you know I'm going to be killing
this gym session right now guys a book
yo our voice so we just finished up with
our gym session right now up in the
changing room if you can tell but I
actually want to do it before and after
body for you guys I'm sure most of you
probably don't want to see my body right
now
but I'm going to vlog it anyways guys
because I want to see how much I
progress like every day that I'm working
out so without further ado drumroll
please
this is how I look like at the moment
guys so hopefully within the next couple
of weeks you can see either some ABS oh
boy okay so you guys know after a good
workout the best thing is always this
soda the Sun the Sun how do you say so
when I think it's sort of guys but check
it out this is what I love the most guys
when you put the water on the charcoal
ready for this whoo guys basically this
makes it super hot inside here one more
time
oh my god is burning it's very shit
y'all oh my god guys okay you know I'm
even having it you know I got it so
quiet very corny but breathe anyways for
now I've completely done I just wanted
to show you that so let's get outta here
okay so check it out boys right now I
quickly made it over to our friends
house and the tally is going to make
monkey jump okay so check this out
this is baby monkey over here oh she
loved the feather thing guys check this
out hahahaha normal guys oh I believe I
can
Oh
home sweet home yeah there we go
hello I'm home I believe you can see I'm
finally home off of that gym session I'm
about to die right now two days in a row
Jimin it's just it's not meant from you
guys I'm trying my hardest to stay
motivated but every time I think about
it it's just stressing me out anyways
right now I was actually watching a
couple videos on YouTube and I want to
attempt a trick I learned a K this is a
trick with a figure spinner so hopefully
I can do it alright let's give it a shot
alright alright alright so here is the
trick I want to show you guys all you
need is a frigate spinner
and like a pen anything with like a flat
surface you can find out home guys so
this is it all you want to do you want
to take off like the plastic parts on
your frigate spinner so that you can see
the hole inside it like that okay and
you're going to want to put this inside
your pen now this is the cool part
normally if you have a pledge flap and
you flick it in fools okay but this is
the cool part if you wind it and flick
it it won't pull check this out guys
three two one Wow
oh it's about it you guys yeah there you
go
frigate spinner tricks with no guys
that's awesome whoa the water on the
topic of widgets minute guys I actually
realized I've spent so much money off
you just because it's insane and just to
show you how many I have check this out
guys
yeah I have a lot of initiative traitors
die so the thing is I have a lot of
different ones as all guys so as you can
see this is a melt with a spinner these
are like the expensive one my finger
food like the Lamborghini or bridges
winner so that's one model I have guys
and the thing is I don't know what else
to do with them so I think it makes
sense if I give them away to you guys
yes you heard me right guys so if you
want to enter to win a bunch of biggest
winners comment down below why you want
it maybe you have stress and I don't
know guys let and there's a reason you
want it let me know and hopefully you
win guys because I have no use for them
anymore this was one of the coolest ones
guys whoa look at that - food spinner
giveaway widget spinner giveaway guys as
many as you want this is so many
fidgeted oh yeah by the way I completely
forgot I have another frigid winner guys
yeah this is just to show you how many I
have around the house anyways right now
I'm actually heading out a couple of
things I need to do outside voice so
let's go okay so you might be wondering
where we are right now we actually came
back to our old house to see what's
going on guys let's go and see if
anybody's moved in or sports my guys
respite right now on the right that's
our house oh wow are you sure don't be
lipstick you're getting change
dude open the door no I'm the guy on the
door okay I need to see if anybody's
living there we're in a really rich to
enjoy right now I want my mom to go see
if there's anybody in the house again so
just go check mechanic sale
Oh wrong house stable house I love it
good luck good luck somebody's now
hi guys run run run run yo so there
actually seems to be somebody our old
house guys so we're going we're going
I'm never coming back here again in my
life guys okay yo okay boy so right now
me and my mom were just driving by and I
found an MMA store and not like a normal
MMA store this place is massive I look
behind me they put tons and tons and
tons of different gloves this place is
crazy anyways my favorite thing about
this place is the hats they have for
boxing guys look at that they look
awesome so check it out actually going
to wear one of the mosques right now so
better it still hurts though it still
hurt the hub is that it basically
protects you from getting your teeth
knocked out guys but it's still you can
feel it let's just say nicely my mom
quickly came over to the souvenir shop
guy and they actually have the coolest
little books you're ever going to see
guys check this out spero
mommy was like my son my pride oh look
at the one I found over here buddy
perfect a dream necessity and illusion
by the way this is actually a real book
guys look at it it's go writing inside
there
investing is simple but not easy this
sounds like sigan guy's going to get
there I think I need to buy this her
sigan like you really like this book or
something no
then like speaking out really weird no
another home guys I want to show Lana
what I bought for sigan so are you ready
for this the very special I I missed
this birthday I missed his birthday guys
okay this is his birthday gift ik a late
birthday gift what is one thing that's
like an likes you get the money but good
happy birthday
whoever said money can't buy happiness
simply didn't know where to go shopping
oh this is for psycho sigan I bought you
a present enjoy it yeah I'm sure he is
so for the past two days I've been
really really sick guy so I wouldn't
bought myself a nose spray it's time to
take the medication you ready for this
whoo Oh what is it let me bring your
camera oh thank you which one block yeah
I don't wanna watched it Oh blaze of
life is like it's a flying cockroach
oh it's out its out its out he's outside
go go go
oh good album sold okay boy so right now
is a very exciting moment
my sister's song that you guys have
heard keyboard warrior the official
sales are in decay and I'm gonna tell
you how many songs she sold hi guys you
ready for this how many 97 yes almost
100 guys my glue we make we made it
I thought say thank you everybody for
supporting keyboard warrior man shoutout
to all of you we did it we made it guys
so today I'm going to show you a brand
new way of cutting open a pineapple it's
something you've never seen before I
hope it's a unique idea came up with it
myself so I haven't seen this online yet
so let's try it in three two one whoa my
god as you can see my sister just
invented a new method of cutting
pineapple anybody ladies and gentlemen
there you go the award-winning art piece
yeah anybody wanna get rich anything nah
a few moments later currently 2:00 a.m.
I forgot to end today's go again so I'm
gonna end it here while all the bad guys
as always I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog if you did smash the like button
and as always jolly ol oh boy good night
guys
