yeah guys just oh we're going on a
romantic trip together yeah everyone
good morning and welcome to another vlog
so it's currently 8 a.m. in the morning
yes you heard me right and we're heading
to the gym now we don't normally go to
the gym ever guys but today it's time
for change let's just go and work out
guys um like it was to take off right
now we just laid it over to the gym
before you've been working out for half
an hour but next up its legs so you
cannot hit your legs all right guys
let's do let's go never give up they
don't want to see you healthy they don't
want to see you in it yellow come on
yes yes that's what I call the workout
guys
is that good motivate yourself to food
in the gym come on two more and you got
to buy out the Apple three more
felicitous
okay boy so right now we just finished
with our gym session honestly we worked
out so hard that I barely even plugged
it for you guys so if you saw us already
do a couple of exercises trust me I did
not video the rest anyways Lana's doing
a little warm down for now she's doing a
cool-down session stretches stretches
are the key to success guys don't don't
give up let's go real our voice I just
finished up taking a shower as you just
saw this gym search the search this gym
session cool to me guys I can't even
speak eeny meeny miny moe take your
Lamborghini for today this is the
feeling you need to have off the finish
- gym session all I do is win win with
us
lotta right hey hey boys as you can see
I just made it home right now I was
gonna go make myself like a smoothie
drink with my all the fruits but
apparently we don't have a juicer in the
house cell I'm gonna grab myself a
chocolate milk instead I mean I mean
truck milk is still good prenup no
anyways I'm sure most of you have
forgotten about our Birds Tinkerbell
peer pad but they're still here in their
live guys and their new house is in the
kitchen
hey anyways for now we're heading out
guys my sister also finished up at the
gym show them your muscles oh yeah yeah
double muscle
without your boys right now me and my
mom quickly came out to do a little bit
of shopping now if you guys forgot
yesterday was Mother's Day and I
completely forgot to get my mom a gift
so don't worry I'm making up for it now
it gave me and my mom on a small little
shopping trip right now yeah she's going
to pick out her own Mother's Day gift
yeah no guys I actually found a really
cool t-shirt for my sister check this
out
doughnuts over dumbbells okay this would
be the best thing for her to work out in
this I not supposed to be doing shopping
for my mom guys but it kind of turned
into shopping for me so check out the
outfits I'm trying on guys
I do thank you boy so as I mentioned we
came to do some mother's day shopping
for mommy mole she didn't find anything
and I'm buying three things let's go pay
for these and now we have to go and try
and find mommy something actually a a
listen the songs in this store are lit
boys any reason they're looking at me a
little bit funny so I think it's time we
left the store and let's go let's go to
another place okay so typical woman guys
I tell my mom she can get anything she
wants for Mother's Day and she brings me
over to the makeup store but the makeup
store like are you is that really a
mother's that he gives the makeup okay
happy Mother's Day mommy mo I hope you
enjoy your makeup while it lasts
yo okay so this store actually has one
of the nicest decorations that I
received yeah look at that Wow guys I
don't know why looking at this
decoration makes me feel hungry just
because of the fruit they have on their
head guys then
I like it I like it yo car-spotting with
mo is bad guys check out his beauty
Sam look at this bad boy over here the
Ferrari 488 you know what I love they
put a note on it saying look but don't
touch
hi so we just finished shopping right
now as I mentioned right now I'm heading
over to go see my man side genius
so let's go see why man sidings up -
lets go we watching right now man
okay so this is I she had exclusive shot
you never been inside his bedroom before
biome whoa so this is where it goes down
Caracara again again again yeah I gave
way to the thing is right now we're
actually heading out cuz sigan wants to
buy something but he told me let's go to
the gym
load up then and then and then I asked
nice guys
you know I've been to the gym in the
morning but he doesn't believe me
through my I'm ripped right now about
the rips right now we have to work out
together guys I'm worried we're gonna
work out
dislike this video so what I worked out
to deploy like and then this like agent
s
I strategy they're gonna do that ideas
guys look at him he's wearing his new
you know $4,000 shoes or whatever he
paid for it ridiculous price one of
those bloggers buys it okay so I want to
show you what a shopping trip with sigan
looks like black t-shirt another black
t-shirt and a white tee oh wow you're
doing a good job buddy
I love the difference every time your
Neptune have the same color green green
actually I get that is possible - look
we went all the way down here
when the bushland would already take
like you committed to go down there for
him to buy a white shirt and a black one
for home okay boys as you can see we
just made a home again guys home sweet
home
okay so even though I've been exercising
today right now we're gonna go play
tennis basketball and we're doubling in
the middle of the basketball field like
this is weird guys so right now it's
going to be an extreme exercise day I
honestly have no idea what Simon's doing
why do you have one dumbbell with you
for you to check it out as you can see
we just made it over to the tennis court
basically to be me versus seijin winner
versus super yeah this is gonna be
embarrassing
I won't recommending uploading anything
oh hi Jen boy guys I want Joe honestly
speaking guys I think I'm properly
overdoing myself a lot today like I had
a whole gym session this morning and now
I'm playing tennis now here but
hopefully tomorrow I'm not dead because
tomorrow morning I'm actually going to
the gym again oh oh oh oh
tennis is no science for a case eigen
sport is making money good morning guys
welcome back to another vlog today we
are playing tennis because I took over
the camera I'm going to tell you a long
story about quantum mechanics and
physics so this look just kidding Wow
guys that bully like right next to that
if I'm so proud of you man you're
working on every Dana yeah I know yes I
bro I told you six-pack coming soon guys
2019 our bodies will be because honestly
I feel like you'll be so weird once I
have a six-pack life it's already so
easy for me to get the ladies in my okay
boys so I did tell you to have a big
announcement to tell you guys we are
going on it trip yes you heard me guys
so basically in the near future mere
sigan are going to be traveling the
world together I know that sounds weird
guys but we are going on a mission to
travel as many seas as we can together
it might be in one of your cities so now
you are wherever you are I don't know it
could be just no we're going to be there
very soon guide and don't worry this is
going to be the craziest trip you're
ever going to see there's going to be
celebrities involved because get a
little prom is gonna be more vlogs I was
lucky I'm involved in there anyways guys
that's what I wanted to tell you god
today's I came so we're planning
something it's not very soon but it's
happening kind of soon guys - ooh this
it's top secret it's all secret that's
all you need to know if you want the
truth my channel today
if you really I'll kill you I'm sorry
guys basically guys we're ditching this
guy I'm sorry I'm sorry bro I'm sorry
listen listen I gotta tell ya guys just
go we're going on a romantic trip
together yo our voice to check it out
right now I'm literally just about to
head off home we just finished playing
tennis and basketball but look at what's
parked outside here there is a laughs
Ferrari in front of the valet this is
insane like you guys don't even know how
rare and amazing this car is like it's
my favorite car in the road just to let
you guys know like the lacquer re has
always been my favorite car and it's
just casually sitting right there all
right guys anyways I'm not sure if you
can tell I'm literally about to pass out
right now so right now I'm heading off
home
let's go but I quickly had to show you
that beast okay so the fire out today's
video I just want to talk to you guys
for like one more minute so I just want
to say today was an amazing gated
amazing game it was amazing day guys
because as you saw today was the start
of the new lifestyle for me and I know
you're probably wondering my what the
hell are you on about whoa guys today
was the first day where I properly went
to the gym in a long time and hopefully
this is going to be a start of like a
new lifestyle for me in terms of fitness
guys the reason I'm letting you guys
know it's never too late to try and do
something like you guys know I'm the
worst with Fitness I I hate business but
today I made it happen and I just want
to say if you guys want to make
something happen you need to change and
maybe even you need to change the people
around I honestly the reason me and my
sister went today is because we went
with friends so we had others to
motivate us I we're all motivating each
other kind so surround yourself with
people that have the same interests as
you guys I trust me you will get where
you want to be eyes we're gonna wake up
super early in the morning back at the
gym six that coming soon so hey guys I
love you I'll see you tomorrow
and as always Yolo Yolo don't forget to
subscribe bye
