yoyoyo good morning everyone welcome
back to another vlog how are you all
doing so first things first I need to
remind you guys this week is my birthday
oh yeah your boy is turning 23 years old
yeah I'm becoming an old man bought a
Cirrus though it is my birthday this
week guys so if you're not already
subscribed to the channel what are you
doing guys just do it for my birthday
man come on just do it for my birthday
here is the thing guys before we start
off today's vlog I actually want to tell
you something about my sister which none
of you actually know I'm not sure this
is a good idea telling you my sister
just opened a new YouTube channel and it
is the cringe eosin i've ever seen a gay
like it's a good idea but it's just
really cringey
she's opened a kid's channel she's been
playing with teddy bears on videos if
you guys don't know my sister is 28
years old
alright she's not seven years old she's
not five she's 20 she's older than me
right now she's outside recording a
video I'll leave the link in the
description because there's no videos on
the channel yet like this like a secret
project nobody knows about she has hired
an assistant she's hired an assistant to
help her make these videos like blood
let's go outside and let me show you
what I'm talking about
what are you doing do you look like a
crazy person
part of my movie movie bro you're
dressed like a witch talking to a potato
oh good good luck with what you're doing
guys I just thought I'd show you what my
sister's doing good good luck
just enjoy yep guys she's lost her mind
I'm sorry I know I know guys like I'm
thinking exactly what you guys are
thinking she's crazy
listen don't subscribe to the channel if
you're not charged Oh Kayla if you're
not like under the age of 10 cuz I'm
warning you from now yeah she's gonna be
talking to teddy bears and potatoes and
so if you guys want to check out the
content you can alright here's the thing
right now I'm heading out of the house
because today there's a ton of things I
need to do first things first today I'm
actually gonna be coloring my hair yes
if you guys haven't seen my hairs like
half brown and half black so we need to
get that story down and yeah there's
just a ton of other things we need to do
so right now let's go and let's get
crack-a-lackin'
I don't know why I love seeing Ferraris
in the street it just looks so cool
today's is one of those days where I'm
like in a really energetic mood like
normally I feel like down and lazy and I
just don't wanna do anything but today I
don't know if it's my birthday or what
it is but I'm kind of like excited about
life by the way I'm not sure how many if
you guys know my friend a sub but he's
actually in the hospital right now so I
also want to go visit him today if I can
the only thing is I just don't know
which hospital he's at so yeah I'm gonna
have to figure that one out yo oh so
right now we just made it over to the
hospital as I said we've quickly come to
visit my friend ace I think he broke his
leg basically right now I also joined up
with Talal and Raschid they're here so
yeah as I said guys we quickly came to
see my voice he said he's here so I told
them to come as well so let's go see how
he's doing why are you trying to
surprise him what are you saying okay so
we just made it here and I think our
friend is in here yo bro how are you bro
you good
basically right now we're here at the
hospital my boy ace is here he tore his
leg or something happened he's fine guys
he's overreacting
you came here to skip school that's the
only reason
tell Allah why are you enjoying this
you're such a bad friend rocks it's like
you know this is my bed now guys
rock-a-bye baby
don't rock good-bye baby
ASA are you not happy we're here to see
anyways guys all jokes aside right now
we're just chilling here with my friend
ISA binder you guys if you do want to
visit my boy ASA he is down for them
come by say hi like he's gonna be alone
alone he's he's a trash at hospital but
now peace out Esau get well I'll see you
this week hopefully are you gonna be
here anyways there you go boys right now
we just finished up with my boy ASA I
just wanna say guys if you saw joking
around and like doing stuff don't take
you seriously we're just messing around
just to put him in like a better mood
and stuff so yeah we weren't trying to
injure him or anything guys like he
knows we're messing around anyways for
now we're hitting up the hospital guys
as I said we quickly came to see if he's
doing better and yeah he's like four
months so that
so now that we're done from the hospital
right now we're gonna quickly go get
some snacks guys basically your boy
really wants to have some healthy like
drinks and stuff yeah why are you so
depressed no I can't be stationed right
now I'm stuck in a weird situation my
boy Talal is having some fresh juice so
the opposite there's some ice cream over
there bro what do you think be healthy
for so my vegetarians and vegans out
there my boy tell ours go you see yeah
but look at that road out that's oh oh
my god guys they're tip jars made out of
a hundred dollars you listen to well I
think we're gonna give them a tip all
right you can run those all right all
right guys so for now I'm saying goodbye
to Talal peace bro these were nice
having juice bro your boy is going back
to the old Bo blog so right now we're
gonna go back to black oh my god why are
you putting glue on my hair are you sure
this is color like what is this right
here so what I'm doing right now is I'm
yeah and what
disgusts me yeah it's a cold now look at
that you see that he's got spaghetti zon
it it doesn't you don't feel good right
now that night it's like tintin tintin
is that character with the side I always
say that I don't know how Tenten is I
don't know who taught me that but nobody
knows Tintin
so basically when I was younger don't
you ever had a side swoop like this guy
right no has what's called Tintin we're
nearly there just a few more strands on
the back guys I've actually got a
headache from this light yeah because
Mountain nonsense my sister said right
now she gave me a headache
you're talking God my sister she's not
doing the main job look up my hair right
now right now we put all of the color
inside my head it looks super black like
super super black so I'm not sure if you
guys know this when you color your hair
black it doesn't just become black it
becomes black you know what I'm trying
to say literally like the door you guys
see how black that door is whoa whoa
you know just casually rubbing my head
guys just casually rubbing my head I'll
see you guys once it's time to wash out
the food cut some food coloring the hair
coloring it and here it goes guys moment
of truth it's time to see if the color
will stay on my head oh my god why is it
green
all right guys so as always our end of
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed let me know what you think about
my hair being black again yo as I said
it's super black right now like the
first day when you color it like your
hair becomes really dark so don't worry
it is gonna get a little bit lighter but
yeah anyways I love you guys so I'm
gonna end up today's like you if you
have enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys more for another epic
vlog all right I love you guys and as
always yea Loyola
