yo everyone what is the good morning and
welcome to another vlog so right now I'm
starting the vlog outside you might be
wondering why this morning me and my mum
started the day out by doing some
business related stuff top-secret Kate
oh jokes aside I'm pretty tired right
now so let's go grab a coffee nothing
else like Starbucks in the morning boys
24 hours I like that yep mum husband
thank you so much okay mummy your latte
is ready all right time to go okay so
the thing is right now I'm quickly
heading over to the car showroom
basically you guys know my boy Ahmed the
Bugatti plug he's actually over there
doing like an internship or something so
I want to go say hi to him and let's see
if he can use his internship powers to
give me a free car all right let's go
mommy how's business good deal with
yo I just want to say today is actually
a really really good day boys you know
when you wake up and you do something by
money training training we have a phone
call Donna's calling me
ah I check it out boys I just made it
over to the car showroom but BAM look at
this boys yo if you're wondering why is
best light is I told them he's on a job
today a case of strictly professional
internship I happen listen I need a
favor from you
I need another Bugatti yes that's done
but this time I need to keep her forever
you know it doesn't work like that
I'm sorry I'm sorry yes how long have
you been on this internship so this my
third in a three guys is it going good
is it going good
are they are they paying you a lot Big
D's working his internship so you
already know anyways boys I'm just here
to quickly grab my Bugatti and go so get
the keys I'm out all right peace bro
peace bro okay so the thing is the
reason I'm here guys I just wanted to
come by and support my boy Ahmed you
need to keep your contacts with you okay
you know like in five years time this
guy might be like a five-time Bugatti
owner or something and I'm glad yo i'ma
don't forget about me you have to
remember the people who supported you on
day one yeah guys listen this was the
guy that set up my first Bugatti and
deals on wheels of course right though
you're on but he was the one that let me
know about it is that yo you want it I
got a friend that can hook you up and it
was crazy anyways check out this really
cool car that just came in over here
guys
BAM this is a McLaren p1 for those of
you who don't know wow wow wow wow look
at this beast if you're wondering the
price tag on these things it's around
five six million at minimum at minimum I
think is actually over that much so I'm
just guessing right now so
yeah you guys this is what I love about
Ahmed man he gets me everything I need
he got me the key
Ahmed is the best salesman he's trying
to sell me the p1 right now so what is
amazing about this car I know oh they
asked me how are you say that you're
fine you're not really fun you just
can't get into a new play with never
longer sticks are you sure I can turn it
off sure I'm sure
these karma yeah you ready not be at me
clothes on okay here goes nothing we're
going to turn on the McLaren guys
the word I was loud that was one of
those cars holy crap did you hear that
thing I don't want to turn this car on
anymore
Godzilla just which I don't know if you
can see by the way I'm seeing this car
is the legit like it holds you in it and
I think it's meant for racing but look
at this interior view you get with this
the interior on the McLaren is actually
one of the nicest interiors ever like
the way they've done the console it's so
simple and beautiful actually so
complicated so I just left the spoiler
you have to change into another mode and
then another world you have to own like
button for 10 seconds down high cells
manicured I know you're trying to sell
me the car okay but we're friends okay
for now we need to get outside man you
need to come help me guys four people
you need to lose weight to get in these
cars man I'm trying anyway there's no
boys that is the McLaren beautiful car
moody carbon-fiber anyway there you go
Ahmed the plug back at it again
yeah all right so check this out boys
Ahmed just quickly came outside this is
his first time seeing my baby papa
I'm not Casper okay explain to them what
a plate number means all right so the
thing happens the right
when you CFO you want to know what is it
yes definitely you're on the way I'm on
the way
anyways boys for now we're saying
goodbye to Ahmed peace out
thanks for the view on by the way I
Annie you think I be sorry for now I'm
heading off here as I mentioned I could
just came to say hi to my boy Ahmed and
to pick up my stuff for the rolls-royce
--let we got all of the booklets and the
service history stuff now so yeah so
right now me and my mom are just about
the head of home and look at the score
hey oh my god wow wow this is amazing oh
my god
this is exactly something I'd want to do
to my car you know I told you I don't
want it to be the same I want it to look
different this is what I need Wow
mummy this is amazing I might have to
take this design and put it on my car
for now we're gonna head off home boys
well what a coincidence to see a car
like this in the parking holy knowing
I'm actually still in shock right now
you know when you talk about something
and it kind of comes right in front of
you like I was literally telling you
guys please give me design and then that
car rolls up like what are the chances
of that anyway just go home boys I'll
see you on the other side no our voice
Oh check it out as you can see I finally
made it back home right now if ever I
should came by and look what he dropped
off BAM he dropped off a ping-pong table
I can't do basically he had one and he
didn't need it so he kindly gave it to
us
Wow what are you doing go back go back
to doing your meditating okay don't come
close to my ping-pong table now we have
a ping-pong table in the family so
whoever wants to play me come at me bro
come at me my sister's going to show you
what she's learned so far so give her
hands and whoa that was a good one
second that's a good one second whoo
you let me show you how it's done okay I
can do a better than wait if you're back
oh my goodness oh oh I can't you beat me
now yes that was a good five seconds I
don't care okay you know I'm gonna go
inside I need to take a that was
too much pressure on me so the thing is
right now I'm actually heading out to go
see my boy Adnan so bye-bye mommy mo see
you soon bliss will turn up in the club
you are bad you got the 6th grade seven
yeah that's late number down he's
getting mobbed he's getting robbed right
now he quickly came over to this golf
store they have over here guys
look at this at Don's trying out the
racket yo bro if you break that oh my
god you actually go yeah down I show us
your best swing oh so basically they
actually have a potting range over here
where you can test out their par so mom
you want me rose do it relative to the
new pilot see you guys ah they hide the
bull there what's the most expensive one
what do you try then it is not going to
do it did
you suck bro could you get any closer
you might as well be in the damn hole
what do you mean account that would even
go in the door again we are you gonna
beat me whatever the hell look at the
shape of that one this is a serious
lesson right here can you do it
BAM that doesn't count
that does not count that does not count
guys you see now that's the entrance if
this was an actual hole in the ground it
would have gone in there not a winner
what are you talking about Roy went
outside it went outside listen dude the
REC cool did the second shot let's go
uh-oh he's getting mobbed again guys
he's getting mom together
okay so right now we just made it over
to the place to watch the football match
it's already 2-0
yeah we missed out on the fun oh this
place is like amazing I took you eight
guys right now I'm gonna taste every
source they have before we try the wings
okay so basically they bring you some
french fries and you can try everything
look at all of those sources
I don't know whose birthday is in here
Adnan told me their wings are decently
sized they do good he says their normal
size wing and these are starving wings
from Africa bro hello you guys look at
this oh my god they scored our voiceover
now we're just heading out here damn
3:02 you Ventus I don't really watch
football that much but I'm a big Ranaut
a fan you guys know limbo limbo limbo
limbo limbo limbo is the most unflexible
man and order what's up mister
unflexible well I'll get the hell you
can't
limbo like this right now we just made
it over to Adnan place I'm dropping you
off guys look security using an ask a
question I'm three digits watch this
three digit the plate number no no get
inside but I that guy that guy he'll
anything like three pictures of his head
is blowing up like a dam below this
right now he's ready back outside no
specials there peace out to him be honey
off until tomorrow probably
mr. 3G I have no friends except here
what the hell what's that a bad day man
get out of here sir it is literally 1
a.m. right now
oh you missed me not know of your savage
bro so as always was I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here but before I say
goodbye to you right now I quickly came
on the Ford website and I was looking at
all the colors I could make my Mustang
check this out they actually have a
really cool configurator over here guys
so BAM this is yellow this is orange but
honestly even cooler they have a button
over here which says chroma Phi and look
at this bang that is crow blue I don't
know let me know what you guys think
I'm actually really
considering making a funky color anyways
as always I know I always say this but
thank you guys so so much for the
continued support you guys leave on the
channel don't forget to subscribe
because I'm announcing the MacBook Pro
giveaway winner at the end of this week
so yeah good luck everybody I know all
if you're trying to win it so good luck
to the one person who does and yeah as
always I'll see you guys tomorrow
yellow yellow ohh
