believe in yourself believe in yourself
hey everyone good morning and welcome to
another vlog so today we're saying
goodbye to the Ferrari yes I got the car
yesterday we had a very good day
together but today unfortunately it's
heading back out so it's gone it's good
guys let's go all right it's time to go
boys it's time to go one last three time
okay so before we officially say goodbye
to this car I have to take you on one
quick lap guys so let's go
whoo boy I like that okay I guess it's
time to say goodbye the car is
officially going now guys I love you I
love you bye
Wow what a car
I will there go my dreams man there go
my dreams my dream car by the way that's
a Ferrari 488 the one I had was a four
five eight this is like the newer model
just to let you know what's up bad boy
so we're starting out today's vlog in
the day of the life of a makeup artist
guys why what's wrong we want to see
what you're doing we can't see your face
guys okay black horrified okay boys so
right now I'm actually heading over to
go see my Mustang as you guys saw
yesterday I dropped it off to start
getting wrapped and today they sent me
some thoughts so I want to go check out
what's going on I'm not sure if I'll
show you anything maybe yeah let's see
you guys I just go check out what
they've done to my car and yeah let's
see what's going on I'm wrong I'm the
one early morning in the gutter
okay boy so I just made it over to my
car and look what's happened well as you
can see they've opened up the Mustang to
start getting your rap and it looks like
it's been like a major accident if you
see it down anyways i'm supersized can't
wait to see how it turns out but it's
crazy seeing a car all opened up because
if we didn't have like the metal outside
cars this is what they look like guys
wow that's insane
Ranieri I said goodbye to the Mustang
I'm going to leave it here until
everything's finished but I wanted to
quickly stop by to see how it turned out
looking good looking good
yo I wish to check it out another day
and I quickly came to see my boy Noah
again basically guys you know he has the
most adorable cat ever good monkey is a
monkey or Cinderella it's college bear
its back it's Bella guys check it out
this is the cat guys oh look at her
Bella guys Benna is the most adorable
thing ever
what are you doing she likes attacking
her oh my god it climb got that who's a
good girl
music good girl bubbles I'm bringing you
home and you pet cat ah ha ha ha ha ha
tiny bubble this new girlfriend I know
I'm gonna go now I can't peace out high
five
until next time alright peace that whoa
alright and we are back home boys what's
poppin oh okay by the way I saw my car
they've taken it completely apart it
looks like an accident took our butt
guys stay tuned I saw the color on the
car it looks amazing my ears guys the
thing is I know I just made a hold of me
and my bar actually I'm heading out we
got a couple of big business stuff to go
check out sort out guys you know
business is booming IP start we're gonna
leave her home guys she's gonna upload
my vlog for me
you uploaded my vlog for me alright fine
your salaries coming in this month I
like that
don't have nothing beside you gave me
these these are auspicious savage
sunglasses so whatever I was diving on
my hey hey guess what you guys are fat I
don't know what your time don't need
microphone okay guys if you get the
point because you can literally say
anything in these and your savage guys a
few moments later it's been two hours
since I've lost books you made my mom
quickly came for a business being as I
mentioned you guys the meeting is over
is the money coming in yesterday as you
can see we came over to the coffee shop
guys but we snuck in some food yeah my
mom actually has one year worth of free
chicken so every time we come here we go
and get it so we're just having our
coffee right now and they came and
offered us some free cake so check this
out this is what they have for us I
think a nowadays on that one hi guys
free cake yes please guys everything
tastes better when it's free a gate they
just gave me a free cake and this thing
tastes delicious plan ah not as a
measure nice by the way shoutout to this
guy over here he was actually skiing
over there guys
and managed to see me so he came out so
shout out you any friends you want to
say hi to don't know that comedy so me
my mom quickly came over to the
furniture store because she needs to buy
a dustbin but I don't know what the hell
these bins are made of they are
expensive okay I'm trying to throw
garbage away I'm not trying to throw
gold away no I'm trying to throw trash
away and all of the bins are like 400
500 like are you kidding me get the hell
out of here you know what's funny this
store actually doesn't sell clothes at
all they just put them here so you can
see how your wardrobe would look like I
mean I don't even think that realized if
I took one obviously I won't just in
case you know I go to jail or something
but I'm just saying technically speaking
I think you can get away with just
taking something
out of here oh look at this decision
they actually feel really cool thank you
boy so for now we're heading up your
butt look what I found
they have a good they have a good on the
bed this is so good for my sister
keyboard warrior yeah bad I wish to
check it out as you can see right now I
just made over to the basketball court
you're probably tailed I've already
started playing but now we're about to
do a three-point challenge me versus my
boy Neptune behind the camera
sup guys show yourself what's up let's
see who wins psychons over that are
talking about some money or something I
discount the hell always business
another million times are you about to
play not not your game playing anymore
now we started that look like it works
out you poured the water on the search
for the author and anyways let's go you
ready three-point shot
other ones ever whatever okay so far
your predictor but that's always become
that this is your a man without all the
Americans are you know laughing
oh okay so two for 15 boys I know that's
a bad score but my hands are slippery
guys are a bit strange right now is my
boy Neptune cent if he beats it he wins
and Neptune this is a hard one if you
can do this I'll be surprised - 450
let's go boy all right here goes nothing
the impossible challenge right here guys
whoa good start but if you don't win if
you don't win that's it that's it the
pressure is on he's got LeBron James on
his back
oh it's dragon bro you got a - wave my
favorite is enough okay it's my favorite
position oh are you guys yes three more
shots right now if he hit any of them he
wins
if not we draw four - four twelve Nicola
thanks to my guys oh oh
believe in yourself believe in yourself
you
lebron james 2 out of 15 yeah I can go
back motivation bro motivation is
basically we can't hit any
three-pointers so we're gonna flip a
card to see you wins I choose this logo
is it local boat side okay if the longer
comes more wins
otherwise we win okay guys come on logo
logo logo logo
ah that was an amazing amazing workout
Busch for now as I mentioned we're
heading out but look at this view man
the Burj Kalifa never gets old guys
that's why I love living here a Zygon
want bravo roommates man hey okay boy so
instead of going home what we've decided
to do we came to eat some food guys yes
you heard me right after a good workout
you need to gain all the calories back
you're not gaining back but every day
we've been working out now cuz we're
getting our bodies in shape for next
summer 2008 is here we have some
Moroccan tea over here this is for all
my Moroccan friends this is my favourite
seat
oh it's out the frame it's out the frame
I came up until probably hero hiya
okay okay okay not not bad not bad not
bad really
I drink miss credit where credit is due
okay boy so for now I'm Petty Officer a
say goodbye to sigh get adios peace out
until next time a peace out to my boy
Neptune let's go boy bye
holy buddy
I was in hell are you guys so basically
it's currently 3 a.m. in the morning and
I was just about to fall asleep when I
forgot I didn't look anything as soon as
I go home but yeah always I just want to
say I love you guys well thank you for
the support
don't forget I'm doing an apple err good
ok ok you know what this is way too late
for me to explain stuff subscribe down
below I'll see you guys tomorrow good
night
yeah leo no fine
