yeah everyone what is up good morning a
welcome to another vlog so today is a
very exciting day we're saying goodbye
to my Mustang because in one week time
it's going to be a new monster ok we're
changing the color we're doing some
customization to the car H gonna be
crazy boy so without further ado let's
go drop off the car and we'll see it in
what are we guys are boys so as you can
see it's finally that time I just made
over to go foil and this is the last
time you're going to see my car in gray
so we're going to say goodbye to this
bad boy for now boys in one week it's
gonna look like that I'll judge you boys
it's not going to look like that but
this is the last time we're going to see
my baby in grey its spinner Hey without
you my friend and I'll tell you all
about it when I would have missed her so
much but don't worry cuz the new color
is gonna be ridiculous for an hour say
goodbye Mustang we love you I will see
you guys soon why was I just so we just
dropped up the baby Mustang boys we're
gonna see her in one week all changed up
even more exciting news right now I'm
heading out with my friend to do a photo
shoot but look what car I'm gonna be
driving year boy I'm gonna be driving
his Aventador sv today's L hopefully I
don't mess up and accidentally hit the
car anywhere but it is beautiful
so yeah we should be luck guys it's a
very expensive car so if anything goes
wrong you might as well consider me like
bye-bye I'm never going to post on
youtube again because I'll be paying off
my debt for this cup effect so let's
take this bad boy on the road it's go
John baby let's get out of here okay
here goes nothing voice I'm super
nervous but let's get in this bad boy
Wow yo our voice Oh check it out I'm in
the Lamborghini right now my friends
another Lamborghini Oh
anyways as I said right now we're going
to a photo shoot so let's go okay boy so
before we actually take the car for a
photo shoot
they're quickly gonna wash them up as
you see as always guys I love being here
I'm gonna let you guys know my favorite
car ever is this I don't know why ever
since I had Stephanie I've fallen in
love with Ferraris like everything
didn't drive so well thank you boys I
clearly came over to our friends house
but I don't think I've shown you they're
cute in it check this out
oh this is a good girl guys this is the
most adorable kid ever hey hey don't
Oh Benny Rob hello hello oh boy this is
a little play area she has over here her
name is monkey by the way I think she's
stuck right now
hey are you stuck are you stuck yeah
guys I swear this is the most adorable
cat I've ever seen in the world
bubbles is gonna watch this and get
jealous I'm sorry bubbles I look at her
Oh
or anyways I have to show you that
kidding because it's absolutely adorable
I'll buy your cat from mutant two
billion two billion listen one thousand
deal deal hi we got it we got it okay
give me the cat give me the cat so we
just made it over to our destination and
check out this lineup BAM as you can see
the two entries are parked up over here
ready to take some foes you know these
look gorgeous right here you ready no my
Instagram is going to be lit right now
there's actually only 600 SVS in the
world 600 coops so yeah this is like 2
out of 600 guys we just need 598 more
and we have all of them ok so as I
mentioned right now we're literally in
the middle of like nowhere guys if you
look around be it's just sand all the
way to the very back by the way I have
no idea who that is I think they're just
watching the phone I think this is the
host of photo shoot but guys since I'm
here with all these beautiful cars I
just want that you guys know use what
you're seeing as motivation ok like if
you see anything you like in somebody
else's videos or life use that as
motivation to be where you want to be
and I know none of these are my cars but
I always surround myself with people who
have reached the goals I want to reach
because they motivate you to get there
if you surround yourself with people
thinking small they're going to stay
small does that make sense ok boy so for
now we just finished the photo shoot I'm
actually heading out of here but I'm
taking the Ferrari home so let's go and
get out of here aye peace out guys
that's it out of here
okay photoshoot is done
oh yeah I'm actually super excited guys
it's been so long since I've been in a
Ferrari this is going to bring back so
many memories anyways this is a
convertible so your Dino I have to take
off the roof man yo guys the beverage
that the ladies we are back in action
this is why I love the Ferrari so much
guys I started driving this car right
now makes me regret selling my Ferrari
so badly like you don't even understand
how much I love this car like because
the thing is right now I'm actually
heading over to my boy ISA maybe we're
gonna go have some dinner so okay so
check it out boys we just made it over
to the boss we here with Asia listen
Asia I want five Bugattis for free right
now give me what you got - like a bond
with them free of charge for the whole
summer and then I'll give you a
shout-out
the thing is Asia said for the vlog
let's start there loudest Ferrari I'll
do that all right guys let's do that
listen let me just tell you this Ferrari
is so loud I actually didn't want to
turn it on so we're only doing it for
the vlog
holy moly guys it's got basically one of
these exhaust key so if you want it to
be super loud you can actually make it
even louder not that I want to bro like
make it quieter I think it's a neon the
Christ now the quiet setting and one
down so ASA has another surprise for us
right now look what just rolled up his
Bugatti a 15 years old Bugatti owner
guys I love that I like that anyways
check it out guys what a beauty
why are you done we go we can boo Gotti
no I don't like the carnage neither back
I don't know okay boys were back in the
Ferrari right now clean up my voice
they're going to go easy okay so my wife
Louisa decided to come over to this
eBook area they have and look at what
they have parked over here okay so you
guys know that Dubai has the police
supercars as they have a beach sign GTR
over here a g-wagen and it Oddie re for
an hour say goodbye to the police cars
the police were actually standing by
them when were longer yourself awkward
awkward even it different of the Yosa
take us up though shot hey guys he kept
on cutting out the cars of the picture
if you ever have a bad cameraman you
know okay so we clearly stopped by the
sneaker store and I just met Muhammad
these are the yo-yo squad members out
here
and look what he's giving me guys a bat
bad spinner right here which is also a
vista thank you thank you for here I
like that you guys he said he big head
accounts on YouTube did the mobile
yeah guys check it out these are the
brand new sneakers that came out today
do you think they're good they're good
they're good live the way my bad school
got taken away from him in school
because he was watching my blog guys so
here's the selfie he's going to go home
and preach Creed that connects to my
room I like that hypothesis is the land
thank you so we love will eat and
quickly cave over to the Farsi cafe they
have over here guys look at the first
thing they served us guys damn Wow
shut shut shut shut shut guys I just
love this boat they have over here
hey it tastes good don't you even
haven't you liar you liar here Rick it
is great design okay so my boy aces
drink just got here this is called
popcorn coke right why I don't I
literally they've added some popcorn on
the side and named it but for good I
like that
what I love about is nations everything
is super super thank you guys so look
they just brought the strips right now
and look at the plate it comes on like
it comes on a marble block over here
this is if say if it is okay I have no
idea what this is they literally brought
some explosive to our table right guys
look this actually smells like orange
guys it's actually really weird Cheers
I mean it realize we cut the Union I
look built in school
suck on that man so we
literally just finish eating our food
right now and I want to show you how
they actually bring you the bill guys
look at this damn they bring you an
entire typewriter with the bill if you
can see that which is pretty cool so you
determine how much you want to pay guys
so I want to be wondering this is
perfection you can do that I gave boys
stuff for now we're saying goodbye to
Issa peace out until next time yeah
what's up inside new nails oh my
goodness is this all back home I just
haven't seen this look yours what gave
me this but forgive me of Batman spinner
guys know no snow that's amazing I
actually have a big announcement to tell
you guys on my sister song just went
platinum a million sales a million set
okay are you been online it's not
million means you're a million Jews guys
work that memory national that we think
we made it guys you know sometimes they
doubt you in life they think you ain't
gonna make it so you know what we do we
prove them wrong so good bye good bye
good bye I'm ending today's video here I
hope you guys did enjoy it smash the
like button if you guys are excited to
see what happens to my Mustang I want
all of you to get down below what color
you think it in anyways as always all of
you guys will click here to subscribe to
my channel click here to watch my last
video I always forget to put the
annotation so if I forgot to put it
again just go down below and subscribe
and as always I love yazal yollie oh no
oh
