hey guys welcome back to another vlog so
today my brother is gonna get run over
by this race okay so before we start
today's video I just wanna let you guys
know do not attempt anything we're doing
in today's video because it is highly
dangerous and is being done by trained
professionals so without further ado my
sister is gonna run over me with the
Mercedes G Wagon let's go
this is definitely the dumbest video
I've ever done but without further ado
here goes nothing
this is no small idea already oh she's
coming oh my god again holy moly this is
scary
there you go boys senior squad like the
video right now because I didn't lose an
arm or a leg yes that's it my doubts a
maximum I'm not doing this guys I'm
alive I swear under that like my heart
was being I like if this girl
accidentally turns left or right my arm
or legs you want it well there you go
what am I gonna yeah we can let's let's
start a normal name attempting to thank
you
all right normal day starts now let's go
what is she doing say something Rud Rud
keep running just do it before I do
anything else upstage look how you guys
are doing I want to remind you that you
need to stay in healthy a day guys like
that if there's a treadmill in your
house right now start running is that
any way to start lifting but don't be
lazy right just do it yeah I'll Annika
you can do this you can do this you've
only moved 0.85 kilometers we need at
least 10 kilometers a day I I so right
now I'm actually heading out to go have
some dinner with my friends but I'm in a
tricky situation voice I don't know what
car to take like I'm genuinely confused
right now so we're gonna leave it to a
nursery rhyme okay any meenie miney moe
pick your toddler by the toe any really
miny moe I pick you ah listen Alice the
Rolls Royce guys jeez I just made it
worse cycads office boys it's my first
day on the job
I'm super nervous let's go okay nope
father how did you get inside hey hey
somebody open the damn door fine I guess
I'm just going to have to use my finger
break no wait it worked
No Shh okay so I managed to get inside
Simon's office okay boy somebody let me
in I'm not going to tell you who because
we don't snitch around here but it's
time to go and scare him I look at this
guy look at this dude man he has a
picture all over the place look at this
dude
yeah what's cotton giant don't worry I
got the plugs even at your own place as
you can see we're just in my office
right now guys guys I just closed a
billion dollar deal right now
a billion dollars no you know how hard
that is a billion dollars anyways
basically the reason we've come out
today I told you guys I'm on a diet so
we're gonna go eat
yeah but there's another reason can we
already - hey I got it
okay there's one more thing we're doing
I'll announce it next week and this is a
big thing so I don't want to tell you
until everything is confirmed guys so
stay tuned everything is top secret
hi boys you already know what it is
we're the rolls-royce karaoke time
coming up I don't think I told you we're
actually going to go eat right now we're
going to miss friend so we're heading
over to Seoul Bay himself I don't think
he's in the country but his restaurant
still open so no yeah he's here he comes
through yeah oh we might see so big
again I don't know like if you bet it
now you know provide all vlogging ok so
right now we just made it over to the
stretch check it out boys yeah that's
not this Rover that nostra is actually
over there yeah he's gone this way I
guess I could just
it's like desperate right now he started
off with a little bit of salad right now
are you kidding me guys this guy at his
salad working on my summer bunny coming
up oh thank you thank you
every year anyways guys check it out
they actually have a bunch of knife so
the wall over here
that is awesome so in case you need to
kill anybody you don't even need to look
for a knife just grab it off the wall
anyways we're waiting for a food to get
here basically I'm ghost or Rossiter
fatty are going to join us they said
they were going to come but I think
they're stuck somewhere so yeah well you
know when people get rich in forget
about okay check it out the food just
got here
where's nuts that bro bro bro you
promised those nuts there would be here
you said you're gonna fly review York to
divine here goes nothing boys the man
himself
Oh
this is what you feel professional Oh
Lagos hi guys the main man himself just
gave it it looks good to be it's good to
me as though I'm not gonna lie my
favorite thing about this meal is the
Brandon like I think the bread does it
old but uppity
whoo there we go decision sigan want
some salt right now this is you have to
do it you have to do it you can't be
here don't do it okay so we just
finished eating right now I know it's a
sudden cut but basically we ate so much
to the point where they kicked us out
guys no we didn't edit now after we're
done eating we're gonna go play some
basketball workout so we always like
lose the weight we've gained decayed so
that's the important part about life
okay so you know what's crazy guys right
now we're waiting for our car to get
here and look what they have a valet me
no no no there is a BRABUS 4x4 squared
and that's crazy because I was going to
bring the yellow one so there would have
been two out here you Carla knew Carla
and you know look at the number place
guys number plate one yeah boy now that
we're done with the food we're back at
the Burj Khalifa guys as I mentioned
we're about to play some basketball but
now for once and all I'm gonna prove to
you guys that my plate number is going
to get us access okay so then what does
it have in it away guys later
let's see hello I said really
yeah yeah three digit three to the
outline key bro thank you thank you you
showed the door is now in vogue
I don't know how every time I say three
digit like they open the game that's in
the same so right now he just made it
back over to the house voice but I've
actually got a big announcement this is
now my house no yes you heard me right
I'm moving in to Saiga's place Oh
we are now becoming roommates guys who
come on break it's just sailing the vlog
there's nothing weren't you at Eddie yes
my house well my house is your house
were all together guys I actually want
to show you guys something crazy sigan
has he has an automatic mop and an
automatic vacuum guys check this out
this is insane
hey get the hell away from me trying to
think up dirty or something but the hell
go away from me so why do got mopping
around my feet the vacuum even has a
remote control and Saiga could control
it look at it so yeah now you know how
psychic leads his house he basically
leaves the bat to bat the BOP around the
whole day and that's it when the
battery's low it just goes back to the
station charges and then continues back
things that no ground vacuum when he's
low in charge he goes and charges
himself up and continues doing this like
he's better than a maid or Butler like
she actually knows what to do so you
know what let me go take some rest and
I'm back at work again okay boy so right
now me and Sally came over to the
basketball court and I want to try my
first ever done now I've never attempted
it I'm kind of scared to the body high
that high and high you should have
vascular things well without further ado
we're gonna attempt my first-ever slam
down three two one whoa I can't even
believe that I just did a dunk right now
guys that's in change the one thing I
will tell you if you believe in yourself
you could do anything you want to in
life so all in our head it's all in the
mind and I know mine so listen I'll try
to okay so I can't attempt that doing a
dunk right now and well you got this bro
you got this all right three two so
competition
Yoho down was insane meat I think yours
like no sweat man
go-go-go-go sigan la I'm not there water
another one now you feel good because we
ate a lot but no it's all gone look and
look at me guys we literally burn so
many calories I think that I didn't gain
any weight today which is a good thing
because normally I gain so yeah
everything for an hour saying goodbye to
Saigon bye hey guys I'm back right now
we want to tell you something it's a big
shop so it told me to surprise but we're
actually in London I love meeting all my
mother's sister and on the dry bulb we
saw a Mini Cooper thing it as the London
flag pork hey you reckon the doors are
open oh oh it's open
what okay no don't call me now stop me
did I I don't think I look let's go I
don't think it's a good idea tomorrow my
god now we're gonna head a home so let's
go ooh
dinner is ready dinner's ready balls
anyways as always everybody I wanna wrap
up today's vlog I hope you have enjoyed
it
just a little bit of advice to you guys
I sorta let you guys know if you're
going through anything in life or if
you're feeling down one day it's
normally kick don't worry things get
better just keep on smiling and move
forward in life
as always I love you guys I'll see two
more for another epic vlog don't forget
I'm doing a giveaway for some Apple
airports I think I'm going to announce
the winners in like 10 days so if you
guys want to win subscribe before I
announce the winner and I'm really sick
so I'm gonna go to catch some sleep
right now y'all the other guys bye boom
