yo what is up everybody welcome back to
another vlog so today is actually a very
exciting day look what we have behind me
oh yes I think it's the first time in
two months that were actually going to
be driving this bad boy so it's going to
be a good day anyways in case you're
wondering why is she taking the Mustang
out now you guys know that I'm wrapping
my car but before you actually wrap your
car you need to get a paper saying yo
I'm wrapping my car so it's like an
approval beforehand so let's take him on
the relative I missed you iris dude here
she comes here she comes
oh I'm sorry it has to be done but we
need one acceleration with this bad boy
oh the thing is it's actually really
really hot today guys and the AC on the
Mustang doesn't work properly and it's
boiling today like gonna die help us go
go go go
Mustang power whoa
my power
it feels good to be back Joe as soon as
I wrap this wire promise you're gonna
start driving it every day like
everywhere I go this car is going to be
with me so yeah the Mustang is back in
action the Rolls Royce is actually from
uh MIMO from our life I don't want it I
don't like the car anymore I like the
Mustang okay so they're quickly going to
inspect the car right now boys and then
we are good to go does I mention they're
clearly just checking the car and giving
us the approval and that's it we can
head off home like it's all so I ended
up taking over the drivers see right now
boys kids I hate the way my sister drive
so
I think the only thing I can distract
her from a guy's taking on my company
we're already oh hey see give me
something see right she's lying I just
go home right now but I'm actually
heading straight back how basically I
don't know how to tell you this
something crazy is happening today so my
friends a dildo those could be
apparently there's a guy coming in and
he's going to be pulling cars with his
teeth there's no other way I could
explain it so hopefully he doesn't break
his tooth because that's the last thing
I want to capture on a blog for you guys
so let's go okay guys so check it out
right now I just made it over to Jill's
on wheels and it's about to go down so
basically what they've done is they've
tied three cores together and the guys
going to be pulling all three of them
with his mouth so check it out first car
over here is the McLaren p1 insane car
and then if you come a little bit
forward you can see they've tied a rope
between the McLaren and the Mercedes and
if you come a little bit closer between
the Rolls Royce and the Mercedes so it's
about to go down he's going to be doing
it guys so yeah it looks like your
people cars with his hands is off okay
so here goes nothing guys it's about to
go down this looks nerve-racking
alright here it goes boys how's a
sneak-peek thousand sneak-peek boys you
just pulled it for like hard from here
ok I don't know what's going on exactly
when he pulled it like 20 centimeters
but I think they're adjusting something
so hopefully he's going to do like the
proper round now if you guys don't know
the guy pulling it has actually pulled
an airplane before so this isn't like
that hard for me I'm pretty sure you can
tell this is going to be crazy when we
have all crowd you're waiting like
literally there's about 100 people
waiting for this happen here we go boys
oh my god oh my god
oh my god this is ridiculous guys
well there you go boys she did it he
actually managed to pull three cards
with his mouth yeah that's the same so
there you go boys this is the man who
did that that's crazy and finally
actually fooled an airplane before as
well yeah guys that's insane he's funny
I think the strongest job when it comes
to team so I sighs congratulations man
you killed it amazing okay well there
you go boys that says it all if you guys
thought pulling three cards with your
mouth is impossible oh no it's not
because it just happened right now I'm
gonna attempt of what it was my mouth
again but you got on and vlogs which you
got on a boy basically I'm going to show
you how easy it was to fool it all with
your mouth actually what it's not going
to that hands down
totally legit legit I told you it was
easy work man smoke selling is Italian
Monday were walking the parts of the
playing I just thought somos actually
going to try this out here's the next
contestant great
yes I'd the main man's gonna put it I go
ah anyway there you go whisper NASA
event has just been a burnout really
gonna head off home so let's go and see
what the family is up to all right so
check it out boy I just made it home
right now and you might be wondering why
I'm wearing an apron it's time to do
some cooking with Mo let's do this okay
so today I'm going to be preparing you
guys a very special feel neither random
but check it out so this is special
recipe I don't know if you don't know
what this is it's basically grilled
potato what you call em um is it me your
potato meat vegetables everything you
can imagine and it's brown so yeah yeah
yo
I avoid so you might be wondering why
we're random the outside right now
and the thing is you should notice if
you've watched our vlogs were the best
dancers in the world yes we won
championships before we want to go squad
Olympics right now what we're going to
do is we're going to remake music videos
but with our dancing so we're gonna make
them better okay let's give this a shot
Oh
this close stop this one I get I guess I
get royalty is that might be a cocaine
corner for everything like also I know
yourself know your word nigga
mags be louder than my words nigga I
still have a feel so down Irving I
remember surf sandwiches in
criminologist buttknocker nickel with
some jealousy quit now I'm killing this
parmesan with my head killing like this
like I'm telling this be humble
sit down be humble hey Island there you
go boys I will there you go boys that
was our attempt at remaking music videos
in our garage let us know who you think
did it better us or the original music
video or leather
listen yo guys we got some dancing moves
out here okay so my sisters quickly
getting ready to come downstairs but I
just went on their iTunes basically if
you guys don't know her new song is
burst fail on iTunes I'll leave the link
in the description she has 17 reviews on
it that means at least 17 people avoid
it and it's got an average rating of two
Stoppers
oh I never even use this many people
bought it this is how the customer
reviews from the people who bought it so
some guy wrote it is normal and gave it
a one-star again another second versus
myth trash trash cringy stupid and the
last person said great amazing song so
yet officially my sister adds at least
17 purchases I think it should be more
because I don't think everybody leaves
ratings so yeah I don't even think she
knows this guy's like if we actually get
a lot of sales
I think the song officially becomes in
the
charting list so that would be crazy if
you guys can go and buy it I know you
don't want to listen to on a daily basis
but if this all goes charring I think
radio stations are forced to play on the
radio
anyways once she comes we're going to
break the news to her so not on what are
you doing guys my sister was searching
for k17 reviews on your song that means
at least 17 people have bought it you
just made like 10 dollars you know you
guys are amazing
if this gets enough sales radio stations
have to play the song my son mom they
bought the song 17 people boy we made it
one day we're gonna be like meaning oh
my god what is going on our toilet is
leaking what guys our twitter is legit
leaking are complicit it's raining man
hallelujah it's raining man we have a
serious problem
it's raining man a holiday with massive
sewage water actually nobody wants the
toilet ha ha ha girl basically whatever
eternal dare conditioning we kind of
have a small dick in the house ya know
what it is I don't think it's a big
problems again yeah a few moments later
good morning a second what is going
because I guess a basically last night I
completely forgot to end the vlog boys
so I'm going to say goodbye to you today
in the nice morning so goodbye guys I
hope you enjoyed yesterday's video if
you did make sure to smash the like
button how the hell did I forget to
record his outro I love you guys as
always we are a family don't forget that
so families subscribe to each other's
channels okay so make sure if your
family
go down below and subscribe and as
always I'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah Leon oh oh
