oh my god oh my god something I'm scared
yeah I run what is that welcome to a
very special video so today is a pretty
awesome day I have a new car in the
garage and this is potentially a car I
might be buying check it out
this is a mercedes-benz best scent if
you like in everything pretty okay so
you guys are seeing behind me the
mercedes-benz G 500 4x4 squared now I
know that's a really long name but what
it means
it's a damn monster that's what that
name means okay so we're gonna go hop in
and turn this knob we on alright let's
go bubbles is in front of the car
bubbles you're no match for this car I'm
sorry saying I could run over here
without your lender like you so the
thing is this car in specific has been
fade with a sidestep because you need it
to get in the car that's how tall it is
so without further ado I'll see you guys
on the other side well that's a tank it
feels like I'm driving a mountain I'm
actually in a mountain
wow that's huge it's the size of our
trampoline whoa whoa whoa whoa those
wheels are huge that's the same size of
your Rolls Royce thank you so now that
I've moved the car I shoulda told you
guys a little bit about this bad boy
because if you could already tell this
thing is like the most ridiculous car
you're ever going to see so let's take
you on a little tour first things first
I'm sure you guys can see it has the
highest suspension I've seen it yeah I'm
nervous like look at these shock
absorbers inside there I swear this
thing can handle a mountain falling on
it like that is crazy
that's all we needed to go to the desert
remember sort of pulled out for all
choices with this car yeah okay my cat
is somehow fascinated with this car he's
smelling the tire I don't it's a monster
y'all be to unlock the collar this will
scare me don't be so mean it's okay
bubbles
Oh ignore him sorry as I told you every
time you press it on lock button what
the hell
sounds like a shooting okay so the cool
thing is when you unlock this car look
at the side step over here
whoa yeah woman versus g-wagen let's go
wow it's like a staircase going into
subscribe wow it's actually yeah very
much oh my god how'd you try this I just
want to show you look how high up my
sister is right now this is insane like
if you pour body times - that's a
monster Anna Mary's are gonna see I'm
gonna go in front of you and show them
where you see I can drive over cars
that's how you should feel that's really
far should make you feel good this is my
view from here directly yeah we can kind
of see more over them yeah but look you
would have been killed before I saw you
hey what's so friend√≠s Oh imagine
figuring out your friend in this car
alright one thing I find really weird
about this car it's this massive yet
they have still added a sunroof yes what
you guys heard me
holy moly it's like we're climbing about
this holiday wind and I could see my
neighbors from here
so for the meantime I'm actually going
to take this bad boy out for a drive so
long are you ready now I know one of the
questions that all of you are asking
right now is Moe how much does this car
cost okay now when you guys to take a
deep breath
it goes for two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars yes you heard me now as
I said this is not a normal G Wagon so
the price tag is not normal either okay
so without further ado it's time to take
this bad boy on the road let's go oh wow
look at this
it is huge
whoo look at that y'all check out the
size of this beast right next to this
clock oh my gosh ready to go guys as you
can see my brother made me come out in
my pajamas I don't normally leave the
house like this guy I'm getting morning
me
I don't like I grabbing a tank
I feel like I'm on top of the world
right now
by the way I'm not sure if you can see
my mom and sister in the wrong place
thanks to us they're tiny they're tight
you can barely see that I know I don't
okay nobody can judge me but I love
everybody don't you stop me modeling
there's not much who I actually want to
do this car so we're gonna head up home
right now but as I said beautiful car
this breed is a monster let me know in
the comment section do you think I
should invest my body and buying a car
like this it's a cool car hit record I
like I don't mind driving mine I don't
mind going bankrupt for this topic or
around the same level guys did you say
that one thing I have to say about this
car the steering is extremely heavy
like I feel turning this alright it
actually feels like a thirty attack I
know I've driven one before for people
like you who don't go to the gym this is
no bad car that's why people drive these
cars probably have like core muscles
there's actually a legit truck coming
down and look when it seems like hello
alright anyways now that all my sisters
quitly gonna pull this car into the
garage so let's see if she could do it
like honestly when you're driving this
car into like a garage like this you
feel like it's gonna hit the roof wow
wow wow I think this car suits you bro
yeah it actually suits you
let's get is yeah oh my god this is
ridiculous
if I do end up making this purchase I
just want you guys to know it's only for
YouTube okay anyways there you go was
that's been my mini review of this bad
boy hopefully you guys like this car as
much as we do cuz it's a beast it's
actually a beast hey hey when I got with
okay so I didn't actually explain to you
how I got this car into my house boys
basically yesterday I went to the car
dealership and as I yo remember that G
Wagon I really like and my friend at
deals on meiosis I yo listen you've been
killing me about this car just take it
do a test drive and let me know how you
like it
so let's see maybe I'll end up buying
one I don't know it's just these
tempting meals I'll listen to take it
because I hear you go take the key is
taster let me know if you like it so now
that we're done with the G Wagon Drive I
just searched on YouTube and there's a
reaction video to our music video are
you ready to watch this I is about to go
down
okay you know what see without me
I think you guys like the video I think
that's what I've gotten out of it so far
so thank you for the reactions
keep them coming nothing bad with it I
think it's a pretty short time very
different you need um secondly you guys
don't know this but this song is
trending now it's off the trending page
that off in number four you want so
thank you for the support you guys you
guys you defend the likes everything
counts guys another a look at this
guy oh I went up it went up worth over
40 whoa anyways but now I'm actually
heading out so let's go
let's have a fun day boys I just thought
I'd show you all the positive reactions
to the music video all right let's go
know our voice Oh check it out right now
I just made it out and I'm actually here
to meet two very special people
so the thing is we ended up meeting in
the shoe store because I told Saiga to
come here but now he's the one buying
stuff over you lady likes they got it I
used to have those and they go robbed it
I'm on someone stole one of my friends
uh uh uh I need to help you dress you
don't have to do it let me just you need
to do what bro why do you wear red new
program I like me latest one like this
is medical invention ah yeah okay so the
shoe sigan is about to buy or a little
bit too big for him so to choose if he's
gonna buy them he's going to flip a card
all right let's do this
so if it's the logo side you buy it okay
three two one I need $3.00 you know the
only reason you want he wants to buy the
shoes but it's Cuban hat guys they have
to get in the station now you already
told in 1 million that I'm too many I
just doesn't want to do it alright
alright alright Oh check it out sigh
conveyed the purchase to random purchase
guys the shoes don't say my data ye
bought it you bought it just because you
have to is I could because your cosplay
no one man one word promise guys ok bill
to be I'll to cut the video and walk
down so it's kind of late so we're going
to say goodbye to sigh good for now so
peace out enjoy the new purchase it was
good seeing you for like five minutes
and that June you're the man with the
flag man teach him something that he
read today T read did I like my outfit
like that I reserve
ok so I just made it back home right now
my sister's video is number 28 on
trending it was number 14 now it's 20 oh
my good it's number 28 no it's number 28
on trending it's going to number 1 did a
lot of oak whose cover
yeah top secret you guys should know
this but I'm absolutely in love with
watermelon soul even though it's 1 a.m.
right now we're gonna have some ragdoll
I'm in aggression 3 2 1 are you ready
before I say goodbye to you on today's
video I actually taught you for one more
minute boys and I don't want to get like
cheesy or emotional on the blog but I
just want to say how grateful I am that
you guys are with me on a daily basis
and I want you guys to be grateful for
anything you have at the moment in your
life it's always good to remind yourself
number one they should be grateful of
what you have and number two that you
are going to get more achievements in
your life like you are going to do it
okay and believing it but yeah as always
I love you guys to lost you two more for
another vlog don't forget to subscribe
over here watch my last video over here
and as always Yolo Yolo OH
