she said do you love me I said only
partly I only let my mom know good
morning everyone welcome back to another
video so I'm starting out today's vlog
in the car because I'm about to go see
one of my friends listen I'm not sure
how many if you know this but my boy
Drizzy Drake just dropped two new songs
guys I don't know why I could just
relate to this song so much like they're
wishing bad things on me like they know
what you're doing guys right now I just
made it here we are here with my boy ASA
guys it has been a long time since I've
seen him and basically we're starting
out the vlog in his garage
and guys just count the amount of Rolls
Royces you see behind me right now three
four five six seven missing guys okay
sorry I missed oh I missed on guys
hey before we do anything so he said yo
let's take a car out for a drive today
just pick any car you see in the garage
and let's take it and I have a special
choice I know what it is you know I just
know I want to drive something else guys
check it out
the Mini Cooper yeah bro know that ya
chose this over all right yeah bro wait
is this a special edition there it's
like Cooper S or something I engine on
give it I read there's like some smoke
okay so over here when you click left it
goes into sport mode guys check this out
so right now it's in green mode this is
low consumption and whenever you flick
this to the left it goes to mid mode and
then BAM sport mode and everything turns
red is there anything else we should
know about the car yeah the truth disc
um it's my dad's car he drives it to
work everything he has one of the
options but you know I'm not lying he
takes old Jim he takes it everyone we're
driving your dad's car and he doesn't
mind does he know we're taking the car
no convertible whoa I don't know why out
of all of the cars which I could have
picked here I feel like the most
interesting today is the Mini Cooper so
oh yeah don't mind me Mini Cooper coming
through see delivery this is delivery
yeah delivery when you have a Mini
Cooper life just changes for you
the zulan why are you listening to
French music Robo French Montana
what is this right
understand
boss boy I told you oh yeah Cooper but
now we'll see once we are somewhere
interesting so please but we are
somewhere interesting that when a Mini
Cooper Wow
so right now he just came over to our
spot where he's like huh they know and
they know remember last time we had
Lamborghini buddy's turn reflects okay
basically we're having some milkshakes
from this shop and they actually bring
out for you now that's a light we know
Mini Cooper they gave you water they put
the water to you they're gonna bring our
drinks now that's pretty much how all of
my relationships end
hey so I love you bro a few moments
later I'm gonna do something for the
video of something so special but you're
gonna see that it's another person
another person but it's me it's me hi
guys hey guys look who we have over here
Lana yo what is up with you in these
gang signs this is a gang sign bro yeah
you about that rose gang we ain't about
that life Merkel so basically right now
we just came over to the Mall of the
family no it's been a really long time
since I've seen the Lamborghini out of
the house like whoa oh my god spin it
spin it so right now me and my sister
came to the gaming sections they have a
fidget spinner game man bro we have to
play go for it I don't know what it is
but we have to play I don't know how it
works but
basically right now me and my sister
came over to the trampoline park they
actually have something new it's like a
little ninja warrior course go for it
bro going on this
you made it backwards to the finish line
what is she doing that's not how you do
it Lana what is my brother doing yeah
bro are you for real no okay so the
thing is they actually have a ton of new
stuff over at the trafficking port they
even have obstacles in the middle of the
trampolines what no no no no no oh my
god are you kidding me was crazy
oh my god Lana's about to do the
ultimate thing she's gonna jump no no no
no please don't
guys it's harder than it looks to come
out of the foam pit high-five you got
this bleeding for today my brother's
distinct crazy right now MA
No
all right everybody that has been
assigned Bellini I hope you have enjoyed
oh yeah for now let's get out of here
yeah we are finally home right now and
it has been a crazy crazy day but before
I say good night you guys I need to talk
to you guys about something huge okay
now you guys probably already know what
I'm about to talk about Logan Paul now
in case you guys don't know about the
Logan pool situation basically about
three weeks ago he made a blog about
somebody who did suicide which is
obviously a very very serious situation
guys and it went like all over the news
basically everybody covered it and he
got a lot of hate for it now the reason
I'm talking about this guy's yesterday
he came back on YouTube and he made a
suicide awareness video okay and I'm
super super happy about this guys I feel
like he's taking a step in the right
direction now the thing is what I do
want to say about this guy's
honestly if there is anybody out there
that does have like thoughts of suicide
or is just not doing too well mentally I
feel like if you are like if you know
somebody like that guys please just make
sure to comfort them and try and keep in
touch with them as much as you can
and honestly suicide is not a joke or
depression or mental health because as
crazy as it is to say I have a lot of
friends and family that I know also are
not the happiest okay and I feel like it
is it's such a serious thing but
sometimes you can like know sometimes
it's hard to understand if you're not
going through yourself because as I said
I want to have a quino conversation with
you guys I'm happy he's back I'm happy
he's fine as well I know as much as a
lot of people like hated what he did
guys at the end of the day he made a
mistake and he's trying to fix it right
now so yeah that's it guys and as I said
he is one of our friends when he was in
Dubai right hanging out and he was a
super super chill guy so it's kind of
hard seeing your friends make mistakes
and you know they don't mean it you know
guys like god forbid if I ever made a
mistake I I wouldn't even know
to do or how to deal with it so I'd want
my friends to kind of like have my back
to if that makes sense anyways as always
I love you guys all I just wanted to
give my message out about it as well
guys keep yourself safe and happy and
just try and take care of your friends
if you know they need it as well
yeah that's about it guys all right I
love you guys lossy tomorrow
and as always yeah leo
