we are putting tested everything
everyone what is that welcome back to
another video so today's video is going
to be a special one we're here in the
middle of the desert and we're about to
race now I know what you guys are
thinking how the hell do these cars even
compare narration don't worry guys
my sister's going to give me a two
second head start yet without brother do
diesel Africa there's a Lamborghini
versus rolls-royce let's go oh that's me
12 rolls-royce edition sound right ready
to guy ready for this you ain't ready oh
my goodness all right hey listen to that
I feel like I'm definitely gonna lose
them
oh she didn't catch up we reverse yes I
know one thing you starred you feel
something different about you guys I
just be my sister
v12 baby v12 supercharged I don't care
round two let's see who wins with no
head start if I win then you're doing
dynamite you don't follow me on your
doom guys I'm gonna be fine if I ready
to go let's do this
Oh
ah there you go boys that is the race
that you guys have been waiting for so
technically speaking my sister's car is
just a little bit faster I mean yeah
yeah the Rolls Royce is actually not a
slow car I mean yours is just guys I
don't know maybe mines tuned there's
nothing with your car like I honestly I
don't
I've never seen rolls or everything's
top-secret mobile oxide the thing is the
reason we actually came out here today
was not just to race but it's such a
beautiful area in the desert guys so we
about to take some Instagram photos
right now let's go but first let me take
a selfie check out this view in front of
us guys this is amazing and there's
nobody here
we're abandoned well you're about to
witness a speeding Lamborghini flyby
let's do this and that is what you call
fun in the desert yeah
crikey mate we're trying to climb to
Maui store in a velvet Ricky situation
at the moment I quickly came to turn my
car around on the sand and we somehow
ended up stuck with the Rolls Royce in
the desert guys guys I was going to take
a u-turn and leave the area and I just
didn't think a little bit of sand could
get me stuck we're trying to take the
rolls-royce out of the sand right now
hopefully we don't get stuck because
we're literally in the middle of nowhere
nowhere
yah
okay we're screwed guys were actually
true okay well this is a pretty unusual
situation to be in guys were actually
stranded in the desert
honestly I literally came to take a
small you turn and my car is just stuck
like I didn't think there was enough
sand here to get it stuck but yeah yeah
we're in a pretty bad situation at the
moment as you can see boys we tried
bring out the wind is now stuck so we're
waiting for help to get here yeah
I literally call my friend Mohammed
right now as I yell I noticed a weird
situation but I'm stuck in the desert
with the Rolls Royce it was like I got
you bro I fetch two hours later we're
stuck in the desert right now what Dow
what that is going on we're gonna do it
without launch at Maastricht wisely
don't drink it all oh my god mommy
please I need some water
I'm prepared to the desert I'm not even
lying this is actually so freaky I'm
actually really scared right now because
nobody knows where we are at the moment
if this video gets out and I'm nowhere
to be found
guys save me I'm still out here
somewhere I hope that's not the case I
think we're losing our minds right now
this is crazy I see a car coming please
tell me that's the car is that him no no
I so since we are stranded in the middle
of the desert you know what let me at
least tell you what we're doing here
guys we're recording a music video that
is why I look like an idiot right now
basically this music video is going to
be off on my sister's Channel the link
is going to be in the description guys
so until the recovery car gets here
we're going to continue recording and
hope that he will stay alive on now
you're going to get some sneak peeks to
the video so enjoy behind the steam
using video
okay you know a nice drive in an hour
and I can't well no one right we still
need to work on that night okay I'm
gonna create cool my friend and she's on
tour and my shoes are full of sand is
there any last words you want to say on
the vlog I can just make sure all my
money goes to Kitty and bubbles yo your
squid I know I say this a lot but if
there's ever time to subscribe to the
channel it's going to be now it is
probably the last time you're going to
ever see my face again before I go
missing if you're a requesting Park
would you ever stop for something like
us oh they made it they made it here yes
I guess as you can see boys the recovery
truck just lady here we're saved yeah
I've never seen this done in my entire
life they're bringing the recovery truck
down into the sand let's see how this
goes boys they're pulling it out it's
coming yes it's working
I'm so happy you don't even realize it
so I want to see guys I'm not even sure
if we can get out right now we're
halfway out so far but yes to quickly
move the truck so we can pull it in more
how the hell did we get stuck so bad
look at it it's not that deep I don't
miss one advice I can give well if you
never take a rolls-royce into sand
oh yes we made it we're later guys
I can't boy so now the car is out of the
sound we're going to head out of here
before anything else goes wrong so let's
go
we finally got rescued I'm out okay I'm
never coming to the desert
never again with the Rolls Royce Kyser
water exercise you can see boys we
finally made it out alive food food now
that we're out the desert I appreciate
food and more so much more I just say if
I'm ever are grateful for food a war
guys reminds me reminder feel distance
look at that lineup doe by the guys
check it out shout out to my man over
there what's up we're all since we've
made it home alive and I'm so grateful I
think it's time for me to do another
giveaway
oh boy so this time the item I'm going
to be giving away is BAM the Apple
earpods
yes you heard me guys now these things
they're still hard to get your hands on
so hopefully you guys we enjoy that the
rules are number one
subscribe to the channel number two love
me yeah you have to love you guys number
I don't know I'm going to make up some
rules to put them in the description
guys let's subscribe comment down below
why you love me because come on giving
you free stuff guys if you don't at
least pretend to like me I'm not going
to give that away like just pretend you
like me for one day okay and you're
going to have a chance to in Airport now
that we're home I haven't really
explained you what's going on today like
I mentioned shoot that my sister has a
song coming out but I never told you
anything else
so basically basically guys my sister
kind of just wrote some song in like one
day and we decided to make it a video so
if you guys want to see the music video
go on head over to our channel listen
I'm giving you a heads up this is not
what I've done
it's not a normal song again I can
officially say I'm directing a music
video yes yeah anyways the music video
is not over yet so let's continue with
the behind the scenes let's go
okay so recording doing behind the
scenes of my sister's music video how is
it turning out better thank you my
better guys we're trying or trying to
make it as good as possible
bang on this is our scene right now got
a red light and a really cool smoke
machine over here so let's get it smoky
in here guys check this out
whoa there's Sun that looks so cool good
my music video has finally been done
recording guys so as I mentioned if you
want to check out the video links in the
description it was all her guys I mean I
don't want anything I don't deserve it
was alright do not get me involved and
yeah as always I love you guys all good
luck to everybody entering for the Apple
earpods and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yo yo
