yo everyone welcome back to another vlog
today's video is going to be slightly
different than the normal blogs guys
we're starting out by reading my
sister's Instagram comments so let's do
this
okay the first picture I'm gonna click
on is the one where she's in front of a
rolls-royce such as shoes yes
okay first comment or you really search
hold on your life okay are you really
searched hold on your life what I'm not
even gonna lie this sudden they said
second comment from my man djay lovely
lips how do you see her lips in the song
then you can't even see any lips some of
these comments are just crazy you know
when people are trying to be romantic it
just hurts Rolls Royce is nothing in
front of you your eyes your eyes are so
beautiful that the roots which doesn't
look blue enough to get their head out
of here and those go in trend
this one's pretty straightforward guys
my mum me goo you hot just to you hot as
in jeopardy the sensation is all guys
the next comment is from a bank
jinda will you marriage that is
ask you yeah go ahead go ahead
she's free she's free watch we have to
ask permission from the man in the house
so my brother yo guys take her take her
I don't care take her just free I'll
give her away
Yolanda Rose give away everybody get
some energy they get worse Lord I'm so
sexy and beautiful girl they spell the
word Roman this Stks I wanna can you
shop really like romantic ones eyes
around a really cool comment you are
getting old you should marry soon I
completely agree with you guys on this
one she's getting old listen I'm just
saying
yo yo Scott is with me on this one the
next person obviously like hygiene okay
you are clean heart girl Lana you have
internal and external beauty I love you
you are a clean girl on you take showers
I know what we're gonna change the boat
guys so the next bow is BAM this one
where she's wearing an Indian outfit one
of you guys said in when will you be
coming to India who then everything is
top secret guys
this next question is a very good one my
man king says are you single on eros in
terms of the way I go out like zone or
single as in a my only child you know
what I actually want to dig deeper into
my sister's Instagram right now so we're
gonna go we're gonna go back a little
bit on till we get more interesting with
these comments thanks fellow we're going
to be reading all this - is that for
head dog she's only got 21 comments on
this wall unfortunately there was no bad
comments on that phone we're gonna dig
deeper right now oh yes we have a sexy
photo my sister is trying to eat she was
trying to show you the Kim Kardashian
side of her the the the voluptuous body
oh my goodness oh alright I think oh my
goodness beep beep beep beep beep oh
goodness I think my sister was right
there's not that many comments I can
reach you but just offered do you want
to move to Canada yeah that that's
probably the only appropriate comment
invest
dude you're too damn pretty dude hey
dude
it is so pretty dude the next follower
like you got is oh my god fishface
Friday lager Road basically I decided to
post a picture to be like some fish and
then I was hoping that would do it why
don't you uh yeah you guys played
yourself you for your place your sir
this next comment is actually pretty
fascinating I'm not sure if I should
take care as a good comment it says
Ilana please eat some fatty foods and
make yourself a little bit fat is that a
good thing or a bad like me are you
trying to kill my sister like what the
hell what the hell we're going to go to
another boat right now I don't want to
read any more fish go ahead okay so the
loss though I'm gonna read comments to
is a picture of my sister
Chuck holding bubbles yes
she's got bubbles of the damn head lucky
she's got him in a headlock he's
thanking my best he's about to die I
think he gonna die
are you gonna die anyways very no boys
that is me attempting to read my
sister's comments as you can see 90% of
the comments are about love and
sweethearts and beauty it goes down in
the DM yeah it doesn't go down in the
conversation it goes down in the DM so
yeah we're just let's continue the rest
of the day guys no no more reading this
nasty stuff man just this stuff nasty
the conversation what what you want ball
just tell me what you are if you get a
shout-out from me you'll get all the
girls
if you
shout out you don't have to you get all
the girls all those nice chats out there
with the MU mom and I so right now me
and my family are just about to head out
boys but I've actually got some
devastating work guys my favorite pair
of sunglasses broke oh my god funny guys
I've had these glosses since I started
my youtube channel oh my god they broke
I want a moment of silence for these
losses because they've been through
already Stiles this is damaging my eye
so much like it's just like one side is
dark I never experienced that whoever
offers 2001 no 500 you get it even $100
detain your receipt oh my god is so
weird my eyes are crazy this bad light
you shouldn't work yeah she messes up
your eyesight anyways that actually
looks super cool guys oh yeah
I think I need to focus on my drive I'm
sorry boy that guy right there yeah yeah
sit down
be humble don't be Moloch ok huggy
noises it's actually a hexagon he
actually looks very cool ok so this is
the first person office that I tried on
voice I think this looks different it
how big is yes celebrity look - yeah I
think we found the new Paris on Lawson
yeah you ready oh I like this this is
nice it's the same pair of my last one
but it grows really yeah Go Green save
the planet
yeah it's buy one get the second one off
right okay
so we're up to five six I can't the
rainbows are that perfect I'm on my blog
London I can't she didn't only find some
glasses
she found a face protector what that's
massive it's going to deflect all of
those Instagram comments like pew pew
okay so the two pairs of glasses over to
get is this and the second one the green
one guys and here's a little quickly buy
these and we're going to get out of here
to go eat because I'm starving
but I love these these are so funky man
alright alright alright okay boy so for
now we're heading out of here
quickly got my glosses so
I met so many of you guys and one of
them was like I'll give you the spinner
if you treat learning thank you yo I'm
going to live good literally as soon as
we're about to leave oh yeah justice and
that's it I did it that's it yeah so we
can rap yeah who said we don't have a
rap song coming out tomorrow Oh guys
thank you one day that the lord of opals
come in yet top secret okay so I haven't
mentioned this up to now and this is for
the true fans that stayed dis log into
the video tomorrow at 9:00 p.m. usual
time new music video coming out Lana
rose feat m√∏ vlogs yeah yeah everything
whoa alrighty as you can see right now
we just made it home I'm not gonna lie
these new glasses look fire right now
drop the flames on the vlog anyways I'm
actually super super tired right now
boys I'm exhausted so I'm gonna go
upstairs and sleep stay tuned because as
I mentioned to learn this is a very
special video coming out guys so I'm not
trying to spoil any surprises but just
know it's that old mole bloke type stuff
that you guys like the reckless mole
blog that's all I'm going to say okay so
guys want to check that out come back
tomorrow
I love you guys we'll make sure to bathe
em subscribe to the channel down below
if you haven't already and yet click you
to watch my last video click here if you
just don't know how to subscribe not
make it easier and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another epic blood
