yeah everyone what is up good morning
and welcome to another vlog so you might
be wondering where I am right now
today we're saying goodbye to the
Maserati it was so fun having this car
but that means guess who's back hey
while I had the Maserati the Rolls Royce
was given to be polished so if you can
see this it's all fresh it's all clean
yeah we're gonna have some fun you know
what's crazy there's a road straight in
front of my Rolls Royce so I think they
want to fight right now fight let's go
oh oh oh oh you all right goodbye
Maserati goodbye I love you before we
say goodbye we need the tissue box I'm
sorry I'm so we need the tissue box the
Rolls Royce needs it this is the last
time you're going to hear my baby so
just take it in absorb her voice ah
I'm the one I sure I don't know why this
song makes me feel so happy to check it
I smell of the yo-yos got over here
what's that was love he's been running
to me me so that's why is our breath
right now that is an awesome t-shirt
guys anyway it's also medium high five
man and stay awesome right now me and my
mum actually came over to the beach the
thing is it's sunset right now and it's
just so relaxing like oh do you have
something going on they have some sort
like boat race a sailing is that what
you call it yo guys I don't know what's
going on over there but there's a bunch
of sail boat is that's also a race or
are they just like relaxing I don't know
there's a lot of though let me know do
you guys want to see me and my family
come one day to the beach and go
swimming because we used to do that the
problem is I'm afraid of the ocean
I think I'm in trouble the police are
here the police are here I'm feeling a
little bit cheeky right now so you come
over to this hotdog stand they have over
here so let's get a hot dog guys down
give me the biggest hotdog all right all
right and there is my hotdog I'm not
sure how good this is for me but yo yo
go shadi if your birthday we don't fall
like it sir no one's crazy 50 cent is
actually in Dubai right now guys
and I didn't know it I just saw on his
Instagram not like yellow damn 50 said
you didn't even come say hi to me like
what oh I wish to check it out right now
I just made it whole and I actually want
to show you something that was delivered
to my door so if you remember a while
back my bank sent me a cake now my
insurance company sent me cupcakes like
what what what is going on like every
single company I end up working with
what's the feed of me like okay I
understand that giving me food makes me
want to work with you but come on
calm down on the cupcake thank you guys
so much I appreciate the Mustang
cupcakes you are too kind to talking way
too sweet and I regret lacing down I'm
actually going to be doing something a
little bit different on the vlog and if
there's any young kids around you you
might want to close their eyes alright
alright or jokes aside basically I was
looking through YouTube right now and
there's some weird stuff on YouTube like
the very weird stuff so I'm gonna start
out with the less weird ones and it's
gonna get weirder as we go along the
case so let's get straight into this to
the first video we're about to watched
they are strangers to slap each other or
palm are you okay perfect
oh that was a cheap shot okay you look
nice um yeah you look nice I'm about to
slap your ass
hold up a second I had to quickly pause
the video right there this is literally
abuse they have gone out and paid
strangers to slap each other
yo where's my paycheck because I want to
do this I'm gonna pause the video right
there what the hell is going on is it
just me or is this weird to watch like I
don't understand that what the hell is
going on that was just phase number one
it gets weirder from here okay the
second video I'm about to show you this
is where if there's any young kids I
advise you to look away they basically
asked two strangers to take a dump in
front of each other alright let's go why
are they staring at each other so
weirdly hey you take your shirt off I
don't take everything I swear I've never
seen anything weirder all of this just
came up into my recommended section then
I promise you I don't watch weird stuff
normally so don't think I was already
searching anything freaky no it just
somehow popped up in front of me really
nice we're going to stop the video right
there my man just said let it rip okay
what's what's happening you
oh wait you know what I don't think
we're watching anymore guys I'm done I'm
done that's it
no that's the weird stuff going on right
there who saw I want all of you to relax
right now I know a lot of you have gone
through emotional trauma right now
there's no weird stuff there but who
take a breath I know I just go home
right now but I'm actually heading
straight back out I need to go and buy a
couple of things that I need for a video
so let's go and let's do some shopping
boy okay I'm not really shopping it's
just like one I am so you might be
wondering the reason why I randomly came
over to the mall right now the thing is
I'm not sure if you guys know this
Starbucks has a new drink called the
unicorn Frappuccino so I came to get one
for myself check it out yeah okay you
might be wondering why I have an empty
Starbucks cup in my hand basically the
new drink is now in the buy it
like really come on Starbucks now you
can't be doing divine like that man I've
been waiting for this drink for like two
weeks and it's still not here like they
gave me an empty cup well that was kind
of a failed trip boys I literally just
came out to get this new drink and they
still don't have it my baby's back its
back you
ahh I missed you I missed you old rice I
want a moment of silence for Casper
Casper was gone playing oh hello hello
look at this I just make it home right
now and look at what bubbles has done
he's pulled the fake grass out they
literally screwed the fake grass into
the ground and this guy is somehow
managed to put it off so since they
didn't have the unicorn Frappuccino at
Starbucks today I'm gonna make my own
special drink okay this is called the
mold log Frappuccino
oh so the first ingredient you're going
to need is some tropical juice okay I
want to keep this a tropical drink the
second ingredient you're going to want
to add a little bit of concentrated
cherry oh oh oh look at that guys
actually look like a driftin have a
Starbucks guy kick it
what the hell here goes nothing let's do
a taste test holy moly
this actually tastes good Starbucks you
need to hire me because I just outdid
all of your drinks okay so before I end
today's video I actually want to show
you a really adorable video somebody
sent to my email guys look at this you
heard it there subscribe to the channel
I mean if you don't subscribe you're
evil like those two little girls told
you to subscribe so if you don't do I
mean I'm not saying you have bad luck
but you probably will okay anyways as
always guys want to wrap up today's look
yah hope you have enjoyed if you did
smash the like button I think tomorrow I
might go and drop off the Mustang so
they can start wrapping it so yeah crazy
week ahead of us guys so don't miss out
on any blogs all right I'm gonna see you
guys tomorrow
right promise me I got your promise I'll
see you guys tomorrow
Lyonne oh boy
