so my brother's tried the outfit that I
chose for him and he's about to come out
boy oh my it looks like a dress
yeah everyone what is up good morning
and welcome back to another vlog so
today I'm actually starting off the vlog
by heading over to Google basically I'm
meeting up with a friend over there to
say what's up what's good and you know
it's weird technically speaking I work
for Google I'm not sure if that's the
case or not but I think every youtuber
works for Google because they're the
ones that pay you right so yeah as a
weird that's what we're thinking of it
like that so yeah right now I'm gonna go
pay a visit to my boss all right all
right all right so check it out boys
right now I just made it over to the
Google offices just in case you're
wondering what building the Google
building is guys BAM it's this one over
here check it out we made it to Google e
right now I'm in the business room over
here at Google just visiting my boss
over here what's uh anyways guys we've
been going through some analytics on my
YouTube stuff I'm whirring guys I need
your help right now basically 56% of
people that watch my videos are not
subscribed and apparently I might lose
my job if you guys don't press that
button so if you guys have not yet
subscribed please help me out because
it's a lifeline right now so she's
checking the stats it's like it's not
good I need your help besides from that
we're just chilling here and yeah
everything is good yeah subscribe a few
moments later so check it out right now
as you just saw boys quickly finished up
with my meeting at Google by the way I
know I've said this but this place is
beautiful guys look at this view behind
me they've literally got like a whole
lake over here and bridges and
everything it's heaven I know I love
your whole like wait a second why did
you go to Google I knew it you by
subscribers aside don't worry guys
basically the reason I
when I'm not sure if you guys notice
they have a really cool system where
once you like pulses certain amount of
subscribers they actually start giving
you advice once in a while so yeah
that's why I went honestly I just went
there to say hi to my friend and that's
it so yeah guys there's no subscriber
buying or crazy Illuminati stuff going
on no it was just a little me with
Google to say what's up here she comes
the Maserati here she comes home sweet
home
hello hello yo I was like Google and
they're they're having problems with
your channel specifically okay yeah yeah
this is the lady out there she said if
you don't upload they might delete your
channel cuz I we call I have this girl
in art on our YouTube thing if she's
uploading once a month I just we're
gonna delete our channel anyways it was
good seeing you I'm heading back out
today okay business is booming I need to
go somewhere I've actually got some
really really good news for you guys
before I head out right now and it's
about the Mustang yeah basically if you
guys don't know I've told you that I
want to customize this bad boy out so
right now I'm gonna go visit my friends
that go foil and basically just know
this car is not going to be the same
anymore okay everything is changing the
colors changing you know what I don't
even want to tell you in detail let's go
and we'll see over there yo I can't wait
to check it out right now I just made it
over to my friend Ross place and as you
can see behind me some crazy crazy cars
here but it's time to go and check out
some colors from my Mustang so let's go
I mean guys just seeing these two cars
here is already making my heart melt
like they look so gorgeous look at the
colors on these bad boys now it's time
to check out some colors for me boys Wow
okay so the thing is my favorite
color personally is blue guys so these
are the blues that I'm seeing over here
I don't know they all look good but it's
like which one you guys think would suit
me but there's a special color over here
a chrome Orange so basically if you guys
don't know apparently this color is
really hard to get ahold of but I don't
know how it look like on my Mustang so I
want you guys to help me do you think
chrome Orange will look nice or blue or
any other color you see like I'm just
really confused right now that's the
special one right there
that's the special I don't do this to me
you're tempting me here Wow Wow I love
the fact that it's like a mirror so you
can actually see me inside it yo so
basically if you guys don't know when it
comes to colors of cars chrome colors
are always like the most exclusive one
so the second one I love is this BAM
check it out so they also have a chrome
blue over here Wow could you imagine my
Mustang in that color right there good
all right guys eeny meeny miny moe
anyways there you go boys that is the
colors that I've been kind of looking at
at the moment but before I leave look
Google car they have over here there is
a chrome silver lamborghini aventador
this thing looks so cool I can't imagine
once it's done it's gonna look like a
beast whoa alright we're finally done
voice so I'm about to go home right now
and show my sister the colors were
looking at yeah the car is going to be
changed sooner than you think guys yeah
hi Lana are you ready to pick the color
to my new Mustang okay you have to go
through all of them and we can do it
very complicated guys as you can see
we've only got 500 colors to choose from
so let's get crack-a-lackin' no I'm
actually just sad we ever wanted to sell
him like how could you how you don't say
we're here so the colors all speaking is
like blue but then again like I think
green
nice no damn no she said orange on
orange no not on the Mustang maybe on my
car but not on a mus I don't steal my
orange not a philologist and it's time
to sisters bad way on my can it's
working okay oh my god the thing is you
guys know that we're changing the color
on the Mustang but there's actually a
couple of other things that are changing
as well so stay tuned because this guy
is going to be a new man oh yeah where
are you going how close can I get your
car you're not gonna get one just tell
me am i close money to my car I know but
why I just want you how close I can get
without hitting it no stop stop sums up
your touching now stops that's it yes oh
my God he's just touched my class oh my
god they're actually oh yeah it is oh
look how close the quorum okay you could
actually take this as a thumb they've
even got stuff like crocodile skin in
here oh my gosh Harvey P okay calm down
calm down calm down
God you Sparkle I'm happy to say we've
come to a unanimous decision on the bar
unanimous what does that mean I all of
us agree oh we've got you a decision on
the car
yeah I guess so either going to be the
Chrome orange eyes or the chrome Bri or
the size me write a comment down below
which one you guys liked and you're
gonna drink wait
oh there's nothing sorry the meantime
I'm really gonna go change my t-shirt so
let's go whoa oh no no no no whoa all
right
that's much better so the first place we
ended up coming to is over to the
costume store now I don't know why we
come here a lot but it's always cool
trying out different costumes and the
first person that tried a costume this
time is mummy mo check this out guys
da da da da da da da this is mummy mo as
a princess Wow Lana's in the changing
room this is a lifetime this is how you
opened changing rooms okay you're gonna
put your key inside and bam oh oh as you
can see this is Lana's outfit over here
what the hell are you trying to be now
oh yeah I'm a warrior yeah one of you
has to die one of you has to die I'm not
gonna lie they actually have the
weirdest stuff you could ever imagine in
the costume store and I mean like some
pretty freaky stuff if you know what I
mean is that Lord Baltimore yes it is
Lord Baltimore people it's not it's long
long yeah I should have more scary than
all that's expected hanging it off I
know it's my destiny Pokemon oh Jesus
Fairtrade it's effective we're gonna
take this and put that no no it isn't no
you're not going to come up back H what
years yeah
oh my goodness actually this kind of who
I don't even live okay guys no Suzy come
on I need to show the fans what you've
chosen more guys more seriously
oh my what it's is more so my brother's
tried the outfit that I chose for him
and he's about to come out weird catwalk
people haven't told you guys why we're
trying these outfit basically we have a
special video coming out soon so you're
gonna see what they're for okay that's
happening and then will it make you want
even Apogee oh my it looks like a dress
Bellini's just came back in and they
were like yes I think we're officially
done at the store boys as you
can see we got a couple of pieces so
stay tuned to see what's coming up guys
everything is top secret okay
did the drink vocals come in yet alright
alright time to go we just spent a
thousand at the costume store 1000 oh it
quickly came to have some ice cream
before we go home but what we're gonna
have is special occasionally this is
what it is
bang home it's kind of expensive to I'm
not even gonna lie look at that price
tag for the desserts coming here it
comes
or check it out here is let's go oh my
god oh my god Wow and there you go boys
that's got it that's got it Wow you do
not realize how hungry I have now boo
hoo Wow guys I'm sorry to go hungry at
home trust me I did not mean to do this
to you
this is delicious oh my god mommy was
coming in buddy was attacking she's
attacking look at my sister's bendy
right now you know she ate a lot we just
gave to the toy store they have a stash
of fidget spinners it does the price
hike let me just read three examples I
get here time to unveil the world's
biggest brave can and not just the
biggest spray it sprays our flower
duh thank you that's what you call art
so it's actually been a while since I've
taking you guys along our food shopping
journey so today I thought I'd bring you
guys along again and bam the first thing
we're buying is shrimp today on our food
shopping journey I have just discovered
a new drink what what the sinister
guys apparently this is Kiwi lime
there's actually such a drinkers Kiwi
lime
oh I wish to as always now that I made
it back over to wrassle today's lucky I
hope you've enjoyed it as always I love
you guys all you guys know how I feel
towards you so I hope you feel the same
way back towards me and yeah see you
guys tomorrow for another acting plug
alright bye
Yolo
