throw me the rule throw me the rule
throw me the ball ah yeah everyone what
is up good morning and welcome to
another vlog starting out today's video
in the garden but I actually want to
show you something so we actually have
another cat in our garden and I have no
idea whose it is but he's so friendly
check it out Hey hello oh okay yep
really as soon as I say he's friendly he
walks away anyways the thing is today
we're actually going to start out the
vlog by making a puzzle and I know
you're like wait what why the hell do I
want to watch you make a puzzle no no
this is a very special puzzle this is
the puzzle we got in the fan mail so I'm
gonna try and do it ah okay mommy help
me out whoa
all right time to go
we've been here for over 20 minutes and
this is how far we've gotten so far
Wow Wow this is one hard puzzle right
here you know what I think it's okay if
we say we give up yeah yeah you know I'm
not spending any more time on this
puzzle just because it's so damn hard
like I don't have time for this anyways
today is one of those days where I just
feel really really lazy and the reason
is yesterday I want to play football so
all my body is it like recovery phase I
honestly my muscles all hurt like my
body's aching it's just pain so right
now the delivery man quickly came and
dropped off our cat-lair I'm not sure if
you've seen the package of the cat-lair
it's the funniest thing ever look at
this kitty now is on a kid eagle
now it Joey this does not look like four
badass cats sitting right here damn look
at me yeah this is the bloodiest thing
ever lay it looks like they've all got
snapchat glasses on by the way this is
not a sponsored post or anything so yeah
calm down don't worry
okay mommy mo quickly came outside to
take them in and dude they're actually
really happy
oh so I've actually got some pretty sad
news to let you in on I'm not sure if
you know this but I actually broke my
bike so it actually doesn't work anymore
basically if you see this the wire
completely got cut off so yeah it's been
a long day without you my friend and
I'll tell you all about it when I see
you I was off-roading with it I know it
sounds weird like you shouldn't take
this off roading but somehow the wire in
the handle cut like I'm not sure if like
Stone City or something but if you can
see over here this thing just pulls
straight outlet and it shouldn't like it
just doesn't work anymore I tried to
push it back in now it's just it's
literally dead right now but one more
thing I do want to say once I get this
fixed I also want to change its color so
let me know what color you think I
should change it to I might just spray
painting myself to see how it turns out
so yeah they'll be pretty interesting
Lana's back at it again
a our garden has legit become a racing
fan right whenever you want to exercise
we don't go outside no we run around the
house in the garden that's it legit it's
become like a running track right now me
and mine are about to head out so let's
go and yeah my sister's still running
all right come on you could run faster
you know by the way look who we have
under the car hey so in case you're
wondering where we're going I'm actually
going to go order myself a trampoline
right now you know that I wanted one for
like the longest time ever but today I'm
gonna make sure I order it and hopefully
and one week we'll have it also look at
that Cooper
it's been a long way without you my
friend
ah yo what the hell there's so much
traffic in front of me okay you know
what
once I get to the trampoline shop I'll
vlog but for now I don't want to crash
there's so much standing in front of me
yo I always go check it out as you can
see I finally made it over to the
trampoline store they have like a mini
one over here but guess what they have
sold out of all of their big trampolines
they literally they said the last one
sold today so I'm outta luck I noticed a
little bit off topic but I'm actually
searching for a fan right now and over
here they were like these mini ones and
it even has a light look at this one and
in case you're wondering why I'm looking
at bands right now you know how you can
like auto-tune your voice by singing
into a fan I never tried that as a kid
and I feel like I've missed out so I
want to buy a fan for home so I can sing
into it I know most of you probably
tried this before but look at this hi MA
hello
shout out to the Joe's go just let him
right now he's a fan that's the time
we're all fans out okay good I'm gonna
buy this man just like and think of that
home so yeah I don't know why we're
doing this but we're buying a band right
now so I'm sure most of you know what
Easter is and they have like a ton of
Easter candy over here oh look at it
they have rows and rows and rows and
rows of Easter bunnies over here and it
just looks so delicious Wow the thing is
I'm actually buying a lot of chocolate
right now because once I go home I have
a project I'm gonna make the world's
biggest chocolate play button I'm not
sure if anybody's done that before so
hopefully I'm the first one to do it
if I'm not then yeah scratch and win all
right let's see how this goes ah
we won this is so we want more chocolate
that's
to check it out this is the chocolate
that we won it even says free sample on
the back they're closing one of them one
by one so while I'm here at the toy
store they actually have a new magician
over here BAM hello hi oh oh you have to
teach you that trick
all right yo my hands trying to impress
me right now good whoop - I want to do
that fire trick what I want to do that
one did you see that fire trick I just
did hi Josie I was like yo let me do
some magic freeze I was like you know
what the card stuff is always cool to
watch but that fire thing was like
completely different it caught me off
guard
alright alright alright ready to go
mommy let's do this wait why are you
looking at my phone are you reading my
messages yeah look at this Cory I'm on
the road over here it's actually a
classic car this is oh sorry
it's like a circus how do people fit in
that car like is it not really smaller
that isn't it tiny look at that thing
goodbye really Cooper goodbye
so check it out right now I'm with my
man see over here all the way from us we
just should say for the bath up now
apparently this guy is my biggest
promoter right then the viewers up for
the gun he's setting up a whole
promoting office for mobiles anyways he
came all the way from us just to say hi
so it's only writings on the blog anyway
shout out to him maker just smash the
like button for him and he here resell
yeah yeah sure to have finally been the
whole boys and I'll put a special
ability to do for my sister what in that
hey this is a fan game okay but it's
more than sweat just hold up a second
listen we don't need a son where you got
central a/c bro
this is neat to be a recording huh this
is how you feed yourself you're losing
your mind you want to pick up bad this
is also cute every new device are you
talking about there Sam
oh ho much Mitnick Brooke we practically
sitting on a dodo st. Anthony Bell oh
you broke it oh my god sure though
oh my god is broken or not no that might
fling out vomit I'm a stasis dangerous
moon is over there are more I'm in front
of it that's dangerous why is this you
friend
why I don't understand why the fun
didn't just come ready it's a different
go make a fan
I think I want to start every blog like
this hello from me I'm missing Drake
hold on we're going home I got my eyes
on you you're everything that I see I
want to have an emotion and I don't you
know that honor to know no bubbles
bubbles what are you doing in the cabin
get out just get out of here man what
the hell I told you that once I get home
I'm gonna be making a chocolate play
button now I don't think you realize how
big I actually want to make this day but
of it BAM
I want to put so much chocolate as you
can see boy he's Homaro I promise that
I'm gonna make the world's biggest
chocolate play button I don't know how
big I can make it but it's gonna be at
least the same size as my golden one
soul yeah okay I never actually saw this
well apparently a lot of bought some new
fruits in the house they look like mini
oranges wha-what Oh have you tasted it
yet no time to see what's in this bad
boy is it like an orange come on Oh what
is that it's green I don't think we're
gonna eat that in the family right maybe
those anomalies all right huh ah come on
you know what that's it okay they're all
the same they're all the same Lana's
going to attempt to eat one of these
mini oranges let's see if you vomit I'm
still vlogging it dun dun dun dun
Oh does it taste nice lemon yeah okay
just like an orange I'm not trying that
man that's disgusting I've actually come
up with a new challenge right now you
know how they had like this huge water
bottle flip challenge what about the
milk balls lip challenge yeah mom shakes
another mind any harder darling
is there less guarded the word for the
worst but all slipper goes to mall molly
was about to show you up now she's
already being our Instagram lookit
anyways I'm gonna say goodnight so over
here as always I love you all good night
if you haven't already make sure to
subscribe and become part of the gang
gang gang and yes you don't have to
subscribe but you hit that button over
here to subscribe hit here to watch my
last video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
ohh
