yeah I bitch ever lose it I got that I
got that let me welcome back to another
voice I guess doing so first things
first we're actually starting out the
day by heading out to go buy me a shoe
cabinet now you guys know I have a lot
of shoes but I actually have nowhere of
putting them so right now me and my mom
are heading out to go buy me a cabinet I
have no idea why I just started raining
right now so yeah really
yes right now yeah really okay thank you
okay so you finally made it over here to
Chinatown as you can see boys you know
what's crazy we plucked like at the back
and they have like a bunch of random
boxes it's literally like a factory over
here by the way look at these really
cool bar cycles they have over here one
that is awesome I literally use these to
take like boxes around if you can see
that so not bad at all y'all go one
better
that's sport mode holy moly do you see
that what that is insane I know we're
supposed to be here for a cabinet but
look at this furniture store over here
they have like the coolest chairs ever
this one is literally like a hand
holding you in it this one is a leaf and
over here they've got like a bunch of
like Coke and Pepsi and stuff like why
the hell you like Ohio is lying I don't
know what this is exactly but they have
a cow that walks around the warble this
is animal abuse and action like here
we're stuck in a weird situation
apparently they don't actually
have shoe cabinets here which is a
bummer like they have a bunch of like
office equipment but I don't think they
have like a shoe closet so here yo okay
boy so check it out if you can't tell
where I am right now I am back over at
the store which has the emoji shirt
anyway there you go boy this is this
sure I'm buying don't ask me why they
just don't ask you why she's so cool I
don't know if I will ever wear outside
just it's just the thing I want oh look
at this store guys they're the stores so
cool this looks so crazy they even have
like a smoke machine in this store
I just realized they actually also have
a really cool mirror over here love and
this look machine keeps on going okay so
I clearly just finished in that store
that was super super dope I actually
bought a pair of shorts so I'll show you
that once we head off here anyways for
now let's go but yeah that makes for
pretty dope I don't know how we ended up
spending so much time over here we
literally bought like one t-shirt for me
on one pair of shorts and that's it and
we were there for like two hours
straight
feels good Wow
okay so a lot of went five hours nail
salon today I'll make it prestige among
Wow
like an alien bro as you can see I just
made a home right now and are you ready
to see my transformation again check it
out as you can see this is my new outfit
that I look bad I'm actually going to go
me up my boy hat right now and you don't
know how much he hates this t-shirt so
I'm gonna annoy him because I'm gonna go
meet him with this okay we're gonna say
bye bye to my mom for now boys bye bye
mommy bye bye bye bye bye mommy look at
the aftermath of yesterday's storm okay
I finally made it over to the shopping
mall time to change my outfit and cool
hats on okay so let's do this I don't
know why I'm doing this I literally of
just doing this to annoy Hassim right
now so there come on part that c3 will
head will head straight out for me no
it's so so interesting wearing this in
public
I'm literally hiding in between the cars
so nobody sees me can you guys do you
see eyes on right now this is multi
George yeah they asked me how are you
they bet you're fine they are not really
fun you just can't get into a day with
that ronger let me 1/2 set out together
right now
how does it feel I'm gonna be with you
the whole day like dishes bro bro what
the hardboard is for you you told me it
looks nice on me okay
you told me to buy this this isn't so
our same price and same price no please
- the thing is we were supposed to
actually eat at the mall but I just
remembered we have to be a football in
the next 20 minutes so we're quitting
angles take a take away from any place
we can and just want the football right
how about that is
do this on yeah don't eat before you
play for no we're gonna get
crime so doing we're gonna pop out a bit
guys I saw I saw
I just laughed I'm looking at a bunch of
girls bro bring back those nuts out
there we got the food we are your blog
is driving me a boon and I'm shining
change the story
it's really unhealthy Aziz no Sun in the
boots as I put it in my mouth
so they black out the screen and they
make a really bad assorted mmm y'all why
do you like making blazes right
I don't think I told you this story
basing it when Hassan was in the mall
that's a boy took a photo of him and
said I'm sending it to my girlfriend
imagine kingi maybe but what is a sure
no are you sure to your girlfriend you I
don't know what you're gonna get again
we finally made over to the football
bitch it's raining it's late
oh my god it much fun why the hell does
it need to rain now all right let's go
it's the wrong place bro
all right place igan we're trying to
find the pitch that were meant to be at
go go go
yo I check it out look who we have over
here but what do you do is it silence
fire love you press why are you
silencing a fire check it out we just
made sort of pitched icons over here
DJ Neptune's over here the whole squad
is over here oh no oh no we have another
one without legs I scored nine goals
it's again more like three out of your
mind already liar with success painters
like
he scored one goal and he liked there
everyone go so i bill is gonna do some
tricks for the vlog oh-oh-oh-oh
one two
I'll get the hell are you trying to play
off every box like right now mid and
none are going to do a kick up challenge
okay whoever does more wins the
challenge
what does the winner get I like to have
like a you know waiting I'm flashing
online but I leave the city for three
months before I can I just say most of
this on the knees I'll be counting these
do we count me I listen have you killed
it you smash the I'd known you go I've
ever juggling 154 the 58 five six oh
I've done wage one against Mexico let's
go Mexico
adios Svetlana likely remain legal
observers gonna rescue Adnan if he wins
then you get to stay alright 57 just on
the feet 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
same for you approach this guy's a
machine man what the hell this is like
it bounces yeah wow this is such
cheering man hotel bro look at this guys
like rhythm didn't you often to Peter
okay I can't
yeah okay stop it that's it going just
go in
better read the reason I don't play
that's what happened I can't move I
can't play so my friends underneath
yes that's why everybody's around
everybody's around is my friend so let's
draw the whole game he said I'm injured
throughout the whole game every time the
ball came is injury that's it oh when I
watch my crew and I risk it well buckle
okay since he's so injured are you ready
praise nothing always remember that leg
just do it all move look this place
oh yeah are you saying you all think
wait does it count hi okay so for now we
just finished playing football at 9 is
heading out nice top you know what I
should look skinnier right now do you
think yeah look at me it looks with the
camera I'm sorry I lost weight do
everybody that boy gonna be skinny one
day so the thing is I know it's super
late but right now we've actually come
to eat a jacket
what the hell is wrong as I might eat so
much sing it we scored logical it's so
windy right now you don't even attract
you can smell the food oh my god I saw
the moon to make matters worse Ravi can
see all right when you want pieces I
like that so right now we're driving
towards haslums house and there were
some mad Lightning going on like a
second earlier it's happened twice and
now we're trying to record it so it's
one of those moments like jeez oh I
think it's like by doing I go to Friday
until those crazy as soon as you think
about it we got it yeah yeah happy
summer
holy moly is so rainy
ahh this is all I got that I got them
you send me that singing on the why bro
I preach now I'm going home before I die
man I'm actually generally worried about
myself driving home now because it's
getting bad
hello bubbles I'm so scared it's Lana
taking art oblige with bubbles and
different routes over there you too
tired to vlog the actress so I'm dying I
think I might legitimately be dying off
as a football sessions up now that I'm
home apparently somebody page me so they
paid you why did they pay you they gave
me gift pile on them I love you so much
I'm a huge fan since day one you've been
up to blue but they brought a little
buddy somebody makes their way to be on
the block today
hashtag sponsored in other news my mom
just uploaded another Instagram ball but
this time everything go real she exposed
the Lana so you haven't seen the full
BAM check it out this is actually my
sister yes we are not kidding this
specimen is LOD wow she looks like an
egg
hahahaha tell me does my sister look
like herself now like is there any
resemblance right there if anything that
looks like what I should look like as a
kid that is really good all right as
always I'm going to say goodnight to
want to be here on today's video I know
I say this a lot bye honestly want to
say you guys are the best and I love
your support so so much so thank you to
everything long as I subscribe like the
videos it's just overwhelming so yeah I
love you I don't want to get too
emotional right now but you you are the
best again you're just one
the best so I actually have something I
want to talk to you guys about and this
is actually better eating up my comment
section a little bit now I'm sure as all
cube actually realized that for the past
one but I haven't been driving my
Mustang I'm going to be honest at the
moment there's a lot of consideration in
my head if we should sell the Mustang
and I know you have you two priests and
all I know no how can you vote disease I
love the car don't get me wrong I love
my Mustang it's amazing it's my baby but
the thing is with this new car that's
going to be coming in within the next
one or two weeks I don't know if we're
going to be using it if you know what
I'm trying to say I don't want the car
to just sit there play months and months
so let me know what your thoughts are to
be honest I'm kind of like in a
situation where I'm like should we sell
the car should we keep it honestly I
haven't even enjoyed it like the things
that's like she's been sitting on my
shine short or should I just sell it
that's it so yes anyways as a little
mistake good night to look at your
today's vlog here I hope you enjoyed
thank you so so much for your support it
really does mean a lot you guys you're
always here with me and my family on
this journey soldier it's just also
having you as like a big family that
were one big million people family I
said so many babies were made anything
absolutely I'll see you guys more don't
forget javanese subscribe down below
before the family like the video if you
enjoyed it and as always
yeah Leon oh boy
