yo everyone what's up welcome back to
another video so today I will be a
straight out Saturday basically you guys
so we just made it back to divide
yesterday the thing is so far we haven't
given my sister her present so today I'm
gonna prank her I'm gonna tell her that
the Rolex that I hope from um emo is for
her so let's see what her reaction is
thinking that I bought her with it guys
for real gift is a pair of flip flops
which I mean still count
okay so as you can see Boyd we just made
it over to my sister got an announcement
for you come over here special
especially nice it's a surprise
while we're in London since we couldn't
take you we got you a very special gift
again it's not a prize this is a very
special gift this is for being an
amazing distance oh nice gloves okay
that's not a gift okay no what so
everything I thought you would want to
know I don't need a Rolex
how would you let him do that if I go
tonight what survive I'm thinking
actually why did you do that yeah why
you actually flip my don't you like it
nice amazing but why should she do that
thank you oh my god I'm not even -
you're spending too much money but I
really need to do that it's your yeah
yeah you go bring us another you pranked
my sister with her fake gift time to
show her the real one
sounds alright guys we're gonna put it
in a Louboutin bag
come on let's pretend let's pretend yeah
boy it's time for the monster gift close
your eyes this close your eyes I open
your eyes I listen enjoy the gift I
guess that's all you get yo our voice oh
right now I quickly want to change my
t-shirt I'm actually heading out so this
is the second day I'm driving this bad
boy let's go whoo damn son here goes
nothing lip the switch and press the
start button whoo for mode activated
okay so I didn't actually tell you where
we're heading up to right now we're
going to the grand opening of the brand
new Lamborghini sharp so without further
ado let's go unless you what's up okay
boys go check it out right now I just
made it over to the Lamborghini showroom
what well as you can see welcome to the
opening ceremony in front of me they
have a crazy line-up of Lamborghinis the
pretty much what's going on I think
there's just like a ton of press people
here like covering the event but as I
mentioned I could you want to go inside
and show you the brand new Lamborghini
Aventador s because I've never actually
seen it in person so let's go inside so
check it out this is the car I wanted to
show you guys this is the Lamborghini
Aventador s so it's a brand new version
of the Lamborghini Aventador and it
actually look really really nice if you
look at this car I'm not sure if you
guys know much about Lamborghini
Aventador this kinda looks like the SV
so before I had all these Lamborghini
events
I remember my man over here he is
operation physicians effort so I'm
acting on the block
absorb before he does something crazy to
me but before I head out of the
Lamborghini show guys look gorgeous
color bang your home a Bugatti that is
what you could savage man look at this
Wow Wow
so I think it's officially time I can
say I leave this place
awesome awesome turn off cars way more
than I expected but as you can see I
think all the cars are heading out right
now here go the Lamborghinis boys whoa
okay so right now we quickly made it
home to Lana boy and because we want to
be nice to her today we're going to go
out and buy her something right are you
ready for a shopping spree spend all you
want it's on your credit card
what's the hold with some gnarly
lattices
oh boy
I didn't notice that this is a shot whoa
honey money guys look at this beast and
this is a really really awesome car over
here I like it okay so we just saw
something really really cool basically
I'm not sure if you guys know this but
they're opening an Apple store in the
divine world and we're here before it's
open exclusive with Moe whoa this
Thursday at 4:00 p.m. and am I going to
be there probably not because gonna be
busy so right now I came to the store
like in the middle of the mall and
there's a beautiful decoration right
about me check this out
Rolanda don't make that joke ever again
iris check it out they literally have
the world's biggest row statue every
year damn son so as promised boys I'm
going to let my sister buy anything she
wants right now because of the prank I
put on it so without further ado let the
shopping begin pretty really we just
spent one hour guys we literally just
spent an hour in this store and she
can't find anything on the store number
two metal girl we just walked half an
hour to the store for the t-shirt are
you kidding me a few moments later we
just spent another half an hour in a
store and she didn't even buy that damn
aisle t-shirt I find the wrong place ha
ha ha okay I think we all got it in
oh I'd say as you understand I don't
know how we end up doing this but
there's always something fascinating in
the mall this is like a damn bull silver
grandfather clock I wonder how much it
is guys guess it down below if you're
wrong you have to subscribe
guess what you're all wrong you're all
wrong
three hours later and we're at another
store we finally found something Oh guys
she's drinking beer again I shoulda told
you guys basically I'm not sure if you
guys know this but I'm a comfort ear
which means when I eat I'm really
comfortable so if I don't eat I stress
out it's kind of like when you have
drugs or scripts
okay like food is my drug so that's the
weird thing guys are playing you know if
you want to relax me in public just take
me out didn't there you know anything
like that think of that and my brother
is going crazy mole that is not nice
Rhett do you guys want me to livestream
eating food no I think I do a pretty
good job
listen sexy it was more
Mama's nasty moment I was trying to show
the desert this is the new way of eating
chocolate fondue so what you do is that
fondue bang we finished eating right now
and my brother is like busy on this
phone I wasn't even looking at my phone
look at mommy flexing with that road I
don't remember what I'm going to buy my
brother or what we're going to teach him
about a simple life first we're here oh
there's a monkey hanging for the buck
okay so before I wrap up today's video I
shall want to touch you guys now you
guys should know what a fidget spinner
is it's this thing and when you flick it
it literally becomes like the fastest
thing in the universe holy moly anyways
I've seen a bunch of videos online where
people are using this as a weapon you
heard me right there's actually like
spinning it and they drop you on object
so for example like a balloon and stuff
like that and it like pops the balloon
it breaks the glass I want to know what
you guys want to see me destroy with the
fidgets spinner so you spin it as fast
as possible like that okay and once it's
spinning fast you just let it go boom
anyways as always I hope you enjoyed
today's video if you liked the video
don't press the like button okay dislike
the video that's how I know you liked it
because you watch this far into the
video yeah oh yeah actually actually
don't don't do any of that like it okay
I'm sorry
I think that about to take that back
video guys now we already subscribed
bail click here to subscribe
bail click below that to watch my last
video and as always I love you that's
weird
bye
