do you like Nerine yes oh sorry
yo yo yo yo yo everyone welcome back to
another video oh boy
today is about to be a special day guys
you know what I'm not even gonna tell
you what we're about to do what are we
doing we're about to go and buy
something special today me and my sister
are actually going to make one of the
coolest purchases we've ever made we're
about to go aquarium shopping yeah yeah
so basically the one thing that we have
missing in our house and I feel like
it'd just be so cool to have I feel like
we need a cool aquarium in the house
where you can have like cool fishes and
like Nemo so basically right now me my
sister we're gonna go and let's let's do
some aquarium shopping you ready yeah
by the way it's not any ordinary
aquarium we might get a custom mold logs
aquarium are you kidding me
yeah oh my god I actually want to fill
up the fish tank with Nemo's Dory - bro
Sebastian let's go see what they have
let's see what what will not eat each
other while we're at it why not just add
a couple sharks in there I mean good
deals sharks we do chief um hitch
stingrays I mean just add the whole
ocean in there let's go
all right we made it
sunny so check it out we've actually
come over to the bpk fish store and this
is where we're gonna order our aquarium
I'm excited like I've seen some of the
stuff they have and it looks insane so
let's go aquarium shopping oh my god oh
wow bro this is insane what are those
really I thought their Bloods so if you
guys don't know apparently these are
living things
living under that oh my god Wow
like a fish made so check it out if you
can see these are actually living
creatures I I know a lot of people get
it confused for being plots but they're
actually living as I said guys this is
where we're gonna get our customer grin
from we're just looking around right now
it's so tiny Nemo is way bigger in the
movie a new story oh oh oh she's quick
this is beautiful bro imagine a custom
mold logs aquarium I own my life that's
right now for you my sister came over
here and the plan is we're gonna try and
order like a custom mold Bloggs aquarium
like bro oh oh so right now we just saw
the biggest fish tank I've ever seen
now this is really cool and something
like this I don't know if you're
wondering how much it is this can go
from anywhere from $20,000 to over
100,000 just depending on the fish you
put in or something like this for a
house
these loops insane wicked white roblox
like the full word we don't even even
imagine having this in our living room
it is near it I saw the video on
Instagram where a kid jumped into an
aquarium I can have my own thank you
actually good diving this one this is
the we're gonna go check it out we're
gonna like you know trying to go a
little bit we might have one of these in
the house oh my good look at that fish
guys it is so beautiful so we just came
to the next section this is really cool
they were saying that you see the
picture of
reason inside of inquiries so if you can
see this aquarium over here this looks
like an underwater city and pretty much
they told us that we can literally take
a photo of anything and they can build
it inside an aquarium yeah this is gonna
be a project okay so these pictures are
right here guys and we check them up
they're on their own and there's a
reason for that lonely I got nobody
watch they don't get it so right now I
want to show you something really really
cool they have a tank in here that has
sharks I know it doesn't look like it
has sharks but the Sharks are hiding
under here right now we're gonna feed
them and you're gonna see them come out
I'm so scared huh oh oh there they come
Oh another side
you see that they are so quick oh no
guys look at them they're legit like
running for the food right now by the
way that is a once it cool a pufferfish
yeah so guys that fish over here as cute
as it looks it's venomous and it like
pops up suddenly hello he's gonna eat my
hand I found a fish that's wearing
makeup a fish that's wearing makeup I
show me he's my sister found a fish
that's wearing lipstick are you kidding
me and you complain about me wearing
makeup for my house I kind of want
something that looks like this but with
like a more vlogs logo what do you think
we're gonna wear like inside like a
little statue of MV for imagine like all
the fish are gonna be yeah that'd be
amazing
ba ba ba bah blah blah blah so here's
the thing I can lead to spend hours and
hours looking on the aquarium but for
now I'm gonna quickly show you guys what
I have in mind so let me go show you the
aquarium we're planning on getting so
here is or what I am actually getting
guys to give you an idea bound oh yeah
so pretty much we put a mold box logo
just to give you an idea the plan is
we're gonna have like an MV logo made
like a 3d custom build in there inside
an aquarium so hopefully this gives you
an idea and here's the cool thing guys
they just found out that I'm a youtuber
cuz I'm vlogging this whole time and
they're actually hooking me up with a
discount but you guys can also get the
same discount so if you guys do end up
coming here on the all the information
in the description if you're just seeing
mol blogs you good that's it guys you
good you get my discount cuz you didn't
listen guys I have to negotiate a
discount for me and you guys get the
same discount yeah guys pretty much this
is what we're getting something
logo so yeah oh my god
and welcome to the rainforest thank you
so if you don't know what this is behind
me this is a living war like everything
you see on this wall is real parts not
think they're all like real and there's
a watering system behind it so this
piping is actually sending water
you see these are touching the parts so
touching upon stress but imagine having
that honor of war like let's take down
the mold lugs wall and put one of these
up yeah guys today we are in the Amazon
rainforest by the way I know everybody's
gonna ha speaking it you're incredible
I'm just going to be pulled the
information in the description so you
guys can check it out but this is it
guys BAM BPK sustainable solution yeah
yeah I'm so excited we're gonna have to
require you yeah yeah
I literally just completely forgot that
we didn't pick our fish but I'm thinking
just like a couple Nemo's a couple of
Dory's and the yellow things okay so
before we leave they actually have cat
food
oh yeah we need cat food guys I know we
came here aquarium shopping but listen
we got four cats in the house and they
have cat food so we might as well pick
it up while we're here this is the
struggles of having four cats you need
to buy four stomachs or the food our the
dog soon anyways boys but now we are
heading out of here so I just wanted to
show you what we're getting so stay
tuned our aquarium is coming soon and
you know it's gonna be insane guys just
wait for it it's gonna be in our house
very very soon oh yeah for now it's time
to head out here let's go
aquarium shopping company
anyways boys right now we just made it
back home as I said guys I am so so
excited for the new aquarium to come
listen it's gonna be dope here is the
thing right now I actually want to show
you guys something which I wasn't
planning on releasing okay now you guys
know my friend marine was here in Dubai
last week and you really enjoyed me
vlogging with her now here's the thing I
actually did like a lie detector test
with her and I didn't end up releasing
the footage which you guys are gonna see
why okay you're gonna see why I didn't
put it out there but I feel like you
guys deserve everything like whatever I
record just deserves to be out for you
guys
so right now I'm gonna show you a lie
detector test we did but let's not so
say if you're already subscribed to the
channel make sure to subscribe right now
because I literally put everything out
there for you guys and yeah enjoy the
lie detector test whoa so right now that
we are home I've actually got a little
game that I'm about to play against
Narine so basically right now my boy
Raschid is going to be between us asking
us questions and yeah this is the lie
detector test first question guys and
then you keep yeah
no time for Doreen's question alright
you don't like me
I'm honest I'm sorry but do you like
marina
yes sorry
the
you
