yeah everyone what is love good morning
so something really weird has happened
somebody in our area also has a
walkie-talkie and they keep on getting
connected to our walkie talkie walkie
talkie and we're listening to their
conversation I don't even know what
they're saying it's so like scrambling
pretending so yeah I'm not using this
walkie-talkie anymore that's it yeah I
kind of feel like pranking them like
hello from the other side you know
okay so right now I quickly came outside
because I'm actually heading out right
now but I just realized something my
Range Rover is missing so I quickly
called my sister apparently she's
borrowed my car you know you know what
two people can play that game I got the
keys to our Lamborghini so fair's fair
I'm gonna be boring my sister's
Lamborghini for the day oh yeah more
like stealing it guys because I don't
think I'm gonna give it back to her so
let's go call them Odie I don't even
know how to use this thing
unlock yeah let's go this car actually
looks so cool on me laughs you like
we're meant to be just open I read and
let's go ahead and flick the switch and
turn on the engine I just realized I
never actually told you where I'm going
today so basically my friend psyche
includes me you know how I'm searching
for a new car he is as well so it only
makes sense we go car shopping together
so let's go where
let's go mess up I have to admit that
was one of the most fun drives I've ever
had in a low voice your wife's I guess
audition the creepiest please every guy
you know the lights turned on without
you even knowing it what the hell so
right now I'm inside the office guys and
he's not even here so until he gets here
I'm gonna do a little bit of snooping
around BAM check it out this is his desk
over here
damn look at all these awards
yeah you know what who says I give the
boss I'm the boss
I'm going away until he gets here and
then I'm gonna interview him so yeah
whoa The Book of Secrets
dah dah dah dah dah dah a day in the
life of a CEO voice alright ok everybody
I want you to listen you need to go do
something
your ex is I wake up great you're late
you're late for work
you're late you're late for work yeah
yeah
Eilis ethnical don't I'm the CEO man why
can't I be in my office okay there you
go sighing just made it over here into
my office right now so we did it so as I
said me and sigan are actually heading
out to go look at some cars but I found
out some very fascinating news right now
you know the black you match the door
you wanted it they saw the guys I told
you I told him you should have what a
quick welcome to get to body guys done
get to move it that was a real earthly
enemies right now we're heading out
don't worry there's a bunch of the cars
in the ocean right now so let's go find
them this is yeah
okay so check it out boys right now we
just made over to the car showroom and
check out what car was sitting in whoa
right now we're in the roast waist doing
the convertible race this is one bad boy
right here you got a good pilot what it
has some kind of sportiness but also
elegant so what do you think guys
Saiga's new car not done close this is
nice full cup on the side just in case
you want to drink
BAM imagine you get somewhere you open
the door and you're like oh wait a
second I don't want to get out yeah
that's how you do it science super sad
that the Aventador got sold so yeah it's
literally still in the showroom but it's
also I think he's a bit upset about that
this is the car that sigan wanted damn I
mean somebody hated it so he still
didn't take oh oh we have a chance so we
have a choice
it's the buyer backs out so I can could
have this and my occupation of course we
find the liar block his account so
somehow we end up spending three hours
in the car showroom and now it's dark
outside but thank you because the new
car might be coming I'm not going to
tell you who's buying one just just know
again
yo by the way do you think my sister
will be mad that I fart in our car I
just realized that it stings in here so
check it out I finally made it over here
to the bridge
as you can see my sister's car is
getting taken away but honestly you
can't get enough of this view I know I
always come here but you know how crazy
is to like hold your camera down here
and see a building like that's insane so
the Lambo it's going here you know
what's even crazier as soon as this
building is they're making a taller one
now in Dubai which is just like how like
like how can you beat your own world
record like no that's not fair it's a
good thing why sad a good day you know
so right now I just made over to sigan
house but his neighbors are having a
party right before they open the door to
see me that's good sight whoa look at
that
Oh
look at this boys now that is what you
call automatic blinds whoa whoa anyways
we're back at the famous cribs you guys
should know this place psyche is quickly
going to go change so we can head out of
here because obviously a suit in public
is unacceptable nowadays a few more
layer BAM sigan is all gangster mode
again just like a gangster motorized oh
my oh my do a little one right on your
side you are heading to somewhere very
special I didn't even know about this
place but this place in the hole that if
you spend fifty thousand in one day they
give you access to it or if you have a
black card so check it out yo where are
we you know this is so weird
okay I have no idea where we're going
would but not that no yo damn this place
is fancy
all right so check it out they have like
a buffet area over here why did you
bring me some are so quiet it feels old
credible okay so right now we're going
to like the private suites they have
over here what what oh my god well this
place is insane so this is actually in
the wall bulton booyah
yeah look at that guy's Wow so this is
the second room over here and apparently
you can take a shower in the shopping
mall are you kidding me what oh yo how'd
you find out about this stuff in the
mall down
so for now we're heading out this lounge
area super cool to check it out but
let's go down nothing is awkward right
so there's nobody in daylight or two
people except from us fellows as busy as
it was ever been all right now you know
boys now you know I always look
surprised
y'all okay the rear sigan are looking
around the shoe store and this is the
first time I've seen this place what
even is this thing oh my goodness don't
you
oh my little e a shoe display for kids
right here little lady so B if I can
quickly stuff over at the candy store
now if you don't know I'll freeze away
is this the biggest candy store in the
world I drink to the right of us it is
it is this good burn so check it out
boys and they have the world's biggest
lollipop
it was like the size of my brain ran
what the hell so right now me aside and
quickly came over to the sneaker store
but we ended up meeting these guys
what's that what's up Zygon is quickly
signing over there sigan ammo blog so
it's official I'm Daniel and Daniel and
alia are you guys are old away from us
yeah that's nice anyway see you guys
soon peace out yo I'm not even kidding
with you sigan is teaching me so many
secret places in the mall look at this
there's actually a secret spa area what
does this anyway there's a spa are you
kidding me
is anybody in there
one way this is great futures you and
walk around my shoes and kind of kill
how'd you know about this based on what
this is weirded oh so right now he made
it back over to science house and I
actually never showed you but in the
mall we went to the Jordan store got me
a very special pair of sneakers in three
two one
Sam there they are so these are the me
what I need Jordan news these are the
new blue Jordans that they restocked
shopping I love how much we know about
this is yeah there you go boys these are
the new kicks added to the collection by
the way if you're wondering why my face
is blue as well right now we're setting
up some PlayStation so I'm actually
going to be playing virtual reality
PlayStation with sigan she actually did
like a gaming video on this channel
copycat I'm the gamer I'm the gamer what
the hell man the hell hit ko is the
original gamer and we have Resident Evil
I don't want to play it
no ways actually probably scary I want
to try it I want to try check it out
this is the mosque it's on property or
mosque over here not that cheap stuff
that I have a home but yeah alright
let's see how this goes virtual reality
going peace out
sit sit out it does this is such like
alright
so this is so really actually I like it
too so real it's like you in it right
now give the music every day let's let
your hand right I'm clocking a secret
what I think yes okay after crazy we are
experienced for now heading outside
goons place gonna say peace out to him
stay tuned because we have some crazy
ideas on the way in terms of videos not
my ideas account saying it from now he's
throwing me some weird ideas that might
he might do for some blog so stay tuned
for that anyways for now I'm hanging up
home until next time I'll see you guys
soon
you gonna let you lose one long time
before I get home
that's the odds on this Joe oh I don't
think you know how tired I am right now
I'm about to pause out if I say goodbye
to you I just want to show you the Paris
because that my man sigan got me one
more time
check this out babe the biggest I'm sure
if you know how much I love the color
blue and what I love about these shoes
is they're like blue blue like they
don't just blew their little hoops so I
do want to say goodbye to all of you
here I love your George days look by the
way I'm not sure if you realize but this
week YouTube is literally been messing
up so bad for everybody so and you have
already subscribed to my channel or
you've accidentally been unsubscribe
because YouTube's bitching out right now
make sure to go and subscribe down below
or you can smash this button over here
to subscribe / his mother to watch love
video and as always
Yolo Yolo
