everybody
there you go we just made it over to the
actual pieces now boys
thank you agree hi everyone good morning
and welcome to another vlog so day two
here in London it's 8 a.m. I normally
never wake up this ready but I mean for
free breakfast you got to do what you
got to do this morning yes it's actually
so quiet in the hotel right now anyways
I never actually showed you this but
this is mummy Mo's bedroom guys fan
check it out so she's I should go a
nicer room than me guys alright alright
ground floor let's go I should check it
out right now he just made it over to
the breakfast area
this place looks insane guys ok I'm
going to show you the seats were singing
okay banging um wow wow wow you have
like your own private area over here and
if you want to be in peace all you do oh
look at that oh my god Wow
okay so we just finished with our
breakfast right now we are actually
going on skype with Lana so let's see
how she's doing guys she's still in the
buy if you don't know so let's see if my
sister's alive I mean you need to
connect to Wi-Fi first man hello you're
on the fly yeah oh my goodness
hahahahaha no guys I don't think you
realize your face chat anyway there you
go is that is Laura and the cat the
internet connections really slow so
that's all I'm going to show you for
today but yeah for now we're actually
going to head out and
six for London man let's go yo horsies
look at that okay so check it out boys
we're starting the day off in the park
basically I didn't even know they
literally have a horses walking around
in this park that we are the plan is
we're trying to make you over to the
Queen's House right now we know she
lives around here somewhere I'm pretty
sure everybody knows she lives around
here we're trying to make it to the bus
to your palace basically so let's go
guys we found naked babies if a PG keep
repeating yo there's literally a
helicopter above us right now I'm not
sure what it's doing but it looks like
this only hanging out of it
what the hell we made it check it out
boys the Buckingham Palace
anyways as you can see boys this is the
buckingham palace we finally made it
over here hello imagine he lives at us
guys I think he's looking at us oh he
moved he moved it moved anyways for the
time being we're going to say goodbye to
the Buckingham Palace it was cool just
to come and check it out boys the thing
is right now I think there's some sort
of Marathon going on because everybody's
crowded up over there and I keep on
seeing people run by so for now we're
going to head out of here we need to go
make it over to the football match so
alright so check it out voids right now
we just made over to the Webley stadium
about to go and so let's go out watch
this match the sooner I get to check it
out boys as you can see we're inside now
I got the ticket but even cooler they're
giving me a signed jersey with all of
the players so thank you so much this is
amazing
Wow I literally got inside Jersey with
me
okay so we're actually heading onto the
pitch right now boys I've actually never
been on the offensive this is really
exciting right now
wow I don't even know what they're
cheering for I'm pretty sure they're
saying my name right now
they're to agree huge thank you to every
for storing this out guys this is just
incredible I think for now we're going
to go into our sleep and get ready for
the match but wow my mum is on the pitch
right now whoo hi they stopped cheering
mommy I'm sorry I'm sorry no I'm
literally in shock right now boys this
is insane I'm so excited I'm not sure if
you guys
so now we're saying goodbye to the bitch
let's go man
okay so the thing is the match is
starting in half an hour boy so right
now we're in like the lounge area where
you come to eat food before the match
this is actually a really really nice
place so my mom filled over to the
buffet to get us some food and I'm just
like admiring this area so while we're
up here in the lounge I actually want to
show you the view of the people entering
the stadium right now it's insane
there's literally thousands and
thousands of people coming in look at
this guy's Wow
look at that all of those people are
entering the stadium right now that's
just insane so for now we're going to
make our way over to our seats to watch
the game before I go though look at
these guys this is the exact same plane
that we flew to London with guys look at
this the FA Cup plane so that's awesome
oh my god
Wow look at the atmosphere right now
this is on another level
all right kickoff is officially started
boys
right now it's all time the score is
zero zero
nobody is gorgeous we had two goals
which were still allowed basic flow was
all side and I don't know about the
other one okay so the thing is I create
came over to the bitch side but I think
the match started again so I'm going to
go back up to the seats because I don't
want to miss the back so let's go this
girl is
one arrows and that gets done
a few moments later - hi
1011 no boy Shelly's
okay
we won anyway specials with statins
mismatch as you can see through one or
sold they want some supers devaki just
look at the pig by me this is such an
amazing guys I can go home happy right
now that was incredible
thanks we get to at first I call signs
of it up and I have a side t-shirt of
our selected for the game yeah goodbye
or still see you next time now that the
game is over I want to make it back over
to the pitch point I just want to see
how it looks like after the game is done
I guess as you can see boys we quickly
came back over to the fifth side the
game is over
I think they're like fixing up the
crossbar yeah I think it's about time we
head out of here because it looks
completely empty anyways I'm super happy
that we got the shirt boy so Harold
check it out and now we can go home
happy alright let's go guys this is my
boy hat if you don't know who that is
that's passed from Janna my voice though
I saw on the road I knew that car okay
so check it out boys we finally made it
back over to the hotel after a crazy
crazy day for now we're gonna go back to
the room and rest up so let's go you
know what's crazy I actually don't have
a football shirt at all so this is my
first ever official football shirt and
it's signed by the whole team wow wow
wow anyways I'm going to quickly change
my clothes for now boys whoo as you can
see I was wearing a jacket on top of a
t-shirt on top of another t-shirt that's
how cold it was so yeah as always say I
love you guys all thank you so so much
for the support you guys leave on the
channel daily if you haven't already
make sure to go down below a bang click
that subscribe button and as always I'll
see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo Oh
