yeah everyone good morning a welcome to
another vlog so today's actually a
really really special day we're going to
London yes you heard me right boys we're
heading over to London basically the
craziest thing ever happened to me ever
it's Airlines is flying me out to go and
watch the FA Cup semi-final let's have
an amazing weekend let's go all right I
actually never knew this but they have
Wi-Fi in the car yeah jigsaw guys Wi-Fi
enabled
all right all right all right so we
finally made it over to the airport boys
check it out are you ready to go let's
do this all right goodness thank you so
much is there good morning good morning
okay so it's currently 7 a.m. and we
just made it over to the airport I will
be honest I'm tired right now like oh
this is probably the earliest I've ever
woken up to go to flight but it's worth
it let's go kotas eyes and heart made
stop okay so the thing is the area we're
in right now this is only for the first
and business class entrances guys so
yeah everybody here they're ballin it's
their ball and check it out first
cloth all right maybe next time okay so
right now we're clearly gonna go get our
boarding passes boys and then we're
gonna head into the flight we actually
have no luggage to give into the
airplane which is insane because if you
know my family we normally have like
hundreds of suitcases so this is a very
unusual trip for me boy Hey look at that
business with mommy mo thank you so much
I'm quickly gonna go through security
voice so I'll see you on the other side
wish me luck so I'm not sure how many if
you know this but inside the airport in
Dubai they have trained because that's
how big they're for is the next train in
one minute yeah
all right let's go I feel like the
carpet way is the more luxurious way
fine we won't take the carpet way this
place looks so amazing guys look how
beautiful that view is right now
okay so check it out boys look where we
made it BAM
the business class lounge I'm not
usually a newspaper type of guy but what
I'm in the business class lounge I feel
like it wouldn't be normal if I didn't
have one boy so yeah let's go ahead and
grab one of these bad boys more money
trains but I don't even know what's
going on in the news anymore the thing I
love the most about Emmerich's guys I
think they understand me they have Wi-Fi
yeah I'm not sure if I should show you
the password guys but there you go in
case of emergency
all right we're gonna go get some food
from the buffet right now and then I
think we should be boarding our flight
roses are red violets are blue urine
Emirates and I love you so check it out
boys this is one of the buffets that
they have over here now the thing is I'm
supposed to be on a diet right now so
they actually have some fresh samples
here all right let's go so I'm not sure
if you guys know how big the lounge is
exactly guys but it is massive and just
to show you some of the cool places they
have look at this thing this is how the
world spins guys yeah I've literally
made it to the end of the lounge voice
and you can actually see the airplanes
from here Wow oh yeah that's the
airplane we're gonna be going on this is
at 7:00 a.m. in the morning I'm super
tired so I need a 10-minute nap right
now you get some free socks and you get
some ice shade oh yeah night-night
ladies and gentlemen retention please on
a flight DK three four two two one for
the body get a passion for my flight
I'm such a loser okay so check it on
words right now we just load it onto the
airplane thank you so much thank you
it's going to be a seven hour flight
boys I'm going to sit back and relax in
my seat so I'll see you guys another
side the really cool thing about these
sheets is when I want to ignore money
mol BAM
get out of my section get out of here I
get to check it out right now we're in
the air boys but I quickly have to come
and show you the far area they have a
reject this place looks amazing plus you
get some more free food guys
so we said one of the team
by my mom is literally getting ready to
sleep right now are you kidding me we
just got on the flight touch to start
imma be honest my favorite thing about
flights is watching movies guys so this
is not going to be any different let's
see what they have on I think I'm gonna
watch monster trucks no idea what this
is about that it's got a really cool car
in the picture thank you look how hot
the towel roll its steering oh my god
chocolate cheesecake yes please my mom's
sleeping opposite me hey don't stare at
me look away
guys what the hell is she trying to do
it no watch TV or something yo I wish to
check it out we finally landed in London
I'm super super tired right now but
anyways for now we're going to get out
the flight it was the basic voice I
literally slept the whole like five
hours I had in here so yeah in case
you're wondering why I kind of just cut
a friend of me
I was asleep let's go let's go let's go
anyways huge thank you to these ladies
over here for taking care of us for now
our outsoles
alive peace out I've been firing off the
flat I've actually never worn one of
these before so I see mommy must write
really pretty alright mommy there you go
amazing nice yo guys an empty business
section it looks so cool look at this
blood imagine buying all of the seats to
yourself man I can already feel the code
from here and we haven't even gone
outside we made it we made it I so right
now we quickly just passed the border I
don't know what it is
every time I pass security in airports I
still scared where are you coming from
like the Dubai
I don't know honestly I don't know why
guys I get intimidated like I've done
something wrong
yes I watch too many movies that whoa I
we made it boys Everett super lounge
I guess the figures as soon as we make
it over to the hotel we need to check if
Lana's alive guys because we have no
idea which is the anyways Lana hello
we're having fun without you I don't
know what you're trying to display the
man look at this guy's beautiful girl I
really ought to cover my view all right
all right all right I love you
understood you guys is you're so weird
that we're in London right now because
this trip was such a lost minute Bing so
anyways I'm so so excited right now that
I want to head out into the street I
don't know why but I smell some fresh
air so let's go and have some fun yo
look at what we found we found a
Lamborghini in London already it's
happened it's happened we've already
found a supercar this is probably one of
the most amazing sculptures I've ever
seen he's made a dog our sand Mir mummy
mo actually came back to Nando's I'm
sorry I'm sorry again this is how much
we love garlic right look at that one
two three four five six they're high so
we just finished eating our food voice
for now we're gonna head back over to
the hotel one more thing I have to say I
love about London it's this ice cream
okay they don't have this in device
please whoever made this ice cream send
it to the bye
so as always now the back at the hotel
gonna wrap up today's vlog here I just
want to say I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video I know it was super ride
them and I didn't even tell you this was
going on but I wanted to keep it a
secret
anyways thank you to Everett for flying
me out guys tomorrow's gonna be a crazy
day so I'm gonna catch some sleep for
that
yeah make sure to subscribe to be part
of this adventure anyways as always I'll
see you guys some more and don't forget
galeano boom
