yeah everyone what is up I would be
honest it's really hard sorry today's
vlog light away my Ferrari t-shirt and
it's just so sad it's in a long out you
my friend and I'll tell you all about
this I go bumpy
I don't know Ferrari anyway so jokes
aside guys welcome to eight another
blowing how you guys doing so the thing
is today I was actually on YouTube and I
thought somebody made a tribute video
for my Ferrari and it was actually kind
of emotional watching yeah I'm not even
gonna lie like I'll buy a half crying
during the video but I want to talk to
you guys about something so ever since I
posted the video where I announced on
selling the Ferrari oh my god it has
there been like a ton of drama around
the car so the honest truth about my
Ferrari and I don't know how else to put
this
I bought the car three months ago and I
love the a I absolutely loved it and
drove it around and a lot of people were
like why did you sell it so suddenly and
this is where like all the conspiracy
theory started the honest truth is
basically somebody was interested in a
Ferrari like mine so the guy that the
dealership called me is that yo are you
interested in selling your car and I
said yes
that is the reason why I sold the car
quickly I mean when you get a good offer
it's hard to say no so yeah anyways for
now your money more actually heading
over to the post office basically we're
going to go send out the PlayStation 4
now the thing is you guys remember like
two weeks ago I announced the winner but
the reason I couldn't send out I was
waiting for like all the information so
his address is phone number and stuff
like that so now that we have
we're going to go send out the
PlayStation today guys so yeah by the
way if you're wondering why there's a
damn scratch on my face
don't even ask my mom literally said yo
let me quickly put some makeup on it
this morning I'll say Mac now I'm a road
man I'm a road man gang gang gang
we don't do makeup around here man oh
damn son another giveaway coming soon oh
my give it for now it's time to go and
send this bad boy out it's actually
going to India guys so yeah let's go
let's put the bad boy in the Range Rover
look at that GTR guys that is what
you're gonna be oh my God look at that
thing
- check it out guys this is the box that
we're sending off right now guys this
machine is actually so cool right here
so I just finished at the post office
guys and bam this is the package I got
it's from the USA so yes okay
so right now me and my mom are actually
heading over to trying to tell the thing
is guys there's a couple of things I
want to buy and if you don't know like
here in Dubai Chinatown like everything
is like cheap so me being the cheapskate
that I am I want to go buy a bunch of
stuff now you know the spinny toys so
right now we just made it over to
Chinatown guys they're actually closing
right now so we have to be quick but
they have a bunch of awesome stuff check
this out they have these things and if
you're wondering what they are they're
actually phone covers for your phones so
your phone goes inside the jacket and
then you zip it up guys so that's super
super awesome they literally have the
coolest stuff over here guys look at
that
they got poop emoji headphones over here
what anyways I'm currently looking
around for some stuff guys so let's go I
want to get a ton of like the spinner
things and a bunch of other gadgets so
once I find them I'll show you what I
get gate I feel really cheek you guys so
I'm going to quickly have a lollipop
over here ah
whoa look at that there's a of course it
had to give me a pink one guy ah really
oh look at that guy's mistress mrs. Luss
they got the craziest stuff here whoa oh
my goodness that is awesome oh my god so
all the stores literally just shut down
guys but I ended up buying a bunch of
really cool stuff you're the really cool
part about the spaces guys look at this
ceiling
it's literally like you can see
everything it's so crazy here the last
thing I want to buy from over here guys
they have a steamer for your face so I
actually want to buy this and use that
home basically you put your face in this
thing and then like I don't know what
you do with it I'm pretty sure it's for
your like blackheads and stuff so I'm
quickly buying one of these machines
guys and yeah we're good to go
thank you all right guys check it out
this is what it is sang hi for now we're
heading out for you guys I can literally
say that all the stores are closed look
at this well uh I don't even know where
we came from guys so we have to find the
exit right now look at how they closed
the stores guys they literally like
cover up with some cloth Wow oh my god
there's one more store open the emoji
store no I start I want advice on emojis
I actually bought foof emoji this is
going to be for my new car guys so once
I got my new car you best believe that
I'm gonna stick this onto the window so
yeah me everybody's going to be like who
is this retard that has a poop emoji in
his car look oh my mom just found guys
look at these perfume bottles what that
is so cool anyways I'm pretty sure this
is our exit so let's go home I think
this is it right I don't even know guys
it doesn't seem like we're in a very
good place oh oh I let's go let's go
let's go
we're lit you're
still lost in here guys I have no idea
where we came from
oh yes I hear is there you he finally
made it back home what Papa me yo guys
my sister flute is a really nice video
today is up around a sneak peak alert
sneak peek color by the way I bought
something for my new car are you ready
to see it
BAM I got you peeps on the way home
thank you yeah
yeah this your victim that I haven't
even shows I'm the pizza man I hate your
special on the way home I got my sister
and delicious cheap stuff but what my
new car I hold it oh yeah look at that
so we're gonna have these cushions
inside the car at night and then this is
going to be on the windscreen guys
enough yeah they haven't seen what I got
you haven't seen what I like a high
block yourself are you ready to see what
I got okay
bang if you're wondering what this is
Wow look at this this is the coolest
stretch to it and I got another one
tell me this is not sighs buying what
whoa turn into my nails honest named
karma what what are you watching
lonna so fascinated with this whoa whoa
this is so awesome
it's so weird guys look at that angry
boys now that we're home here goes
nothing
let's open our face cleansing machine up
guys we just found out the cool thing
about this thing so this is for the
thing as you can see guys but what we
didn't know they give you one for the
nose so this one BAM you put it at it
like to get the black heads off your
nose if you know what I mean guys Wow
right now the war is seeing y'all gotta
go any second now it should start to
boil because actually anything yeah all
right look at the steam coming out this
right now do you see that Bob are you
still alive in there are you good like a
torture toy oh my god oh my god is it
even safe right you guys yo my face is
literally turned red guys okay I'ma be
honest this is actually really cool guys
so basically it just puts steam in your
face but it actually feels nice guys so
yeah I well there you go that is
everything I bought today guys hopefully
you like it
let me know what you guys think about
this this one is my favorite guys love
it honestly
I kind of want to bite into it ah it's
just I feel like I could eat this you
know uh I know it I don't want to die of
like poisoning I have no idea what buzz
is fighting with right now he's biting
it what the hell guys my cat is biting
the edge of the floor right now
are you kidding me
what is he doing guys he's lost his mind
the algorithm is a good night toll if
you hear I'm currently in the upstairs
kitchen don't ask me why do you know
what's funny though look what I found up
here yeah the J Shore the album do you
guys remember Jay Sean I'm not sure what
you guys do but he was a pretty good
singer I think that's my sister's
because she used to love it songs as
always I figure out the war I love you
if you haven't already make sure to
subscribe I'm P part the family and yes
if you don't have to subscribe just
click right here and click right here to
watch my last video now little Oh
