good morning is that yeah no everyone
what is the welcome back to another look
the day is beautiful right now the
weather is amazing maybe a little bit
too sunny but right now I'm gonna start
out today with the trampoline again but
I want to get rid of the net on the
outside I feel like that's meant for
baby so what is mommy mode doing what is
she doing boom oh it's no longer follow
shudder destroy my camera mummy
this is no longer of camera what is your
problem right now you're so angry today
okay I'm not much of a mechanic boys but
right now I'm under the trampoline I
think this is how you take off the net
huh yeah all right one at a time boys
all you have to do is take off all of
these and I think the net comes straight
off this girl is gonna go
okay I think I can now take off the net
boys let's try we're going to quickly
lift that all of the net part boys yeah
okay so we're literally destroying the
trampoline right now I don't even think
we can take off the net so oh okay we
can I think we can boys let's go oh look
at that
oh my goodness I'm not even gonna lie
imagine if you bounced into one of these
okay here goes nothing boys I don't even
know if this is safe anymore but let's
go okay so because it's a really really
hot day I sure want to try something out
I want to see what happens if I put a
bunch of war on it let's do this yeah
this is actually really nice yeah they
fondation you know what they and I feel
good about these boys
I'm gonna keep it pg for now so I'm
going to cover up my bed you so vain I
hate you okay so the thing is I'm
actually playing football my friends
today so I need to create go change my
clothes and we're gonna go have some fun
let's do this it's not working you what
I'm naked yeah look at those now or am i
shirt really really I mean all the
neighbors can see right now wow that was
a really well needed shower anyways I
literally just finished washing myself
even though that sounds really weird but
I'm all cleaned up ready to head out
anyways before I go I actually want to
wear a brand new pair of sneakers today
that I've never worn before bang anyways
you got nothing boys time to wear these
for the first time ever so let's do this
Oh smells so good it's not so good
alright alright alright I get to check
it out boys woo these are the new shoes
damn your boys looking nice the thing is
right now my mum is actually heading
over to the salon boys so she's going to
the salon I'm gonna go me out with my
friends so let's get out of here buh bye
mommy bye I'm not sure if any of you
ever have this problem do you get a
headache when it's really sunny anyways
right now my mum quickly gave me some
tablets in case of emergency so yeah
we're going to leave these in the car
now I look like a drug dealer
I always to check it out as you can see
right now I just made over to my boy mr.
antisocial over here on his phone
look at the people who put you guys's
people our Father phosphide looking at
us yo what's up there
yeah just that's right you can start
right
I said you're mr. Yoshida Waldron yeah
there we go
ha ha thought I'd literally blind what
do ya
cash on come here let it go let it go
hi guys hi Sun finally made it over to
us bro get in the car man open the door
just can't even listen this I'll bring
down the window there you go jump in bro
he's getting the cart it's embarrassing
check it out Karim finding manicured
this is his first time seeing my car
what do you think you need a driver yeah
I'm in cuz you're bro I mean this car
suits you bro oh so I can literally
brought the whole of Germany here with
him guys we got 20 people playing
football with us and they're all his guy
I guess we've been playing football for
the past 20 minutes and I've been
playing so good that these guys are
supportive even out here I scored the
most goals dirty no shout-out to the
Estrada lucky guy no the other guys
missed everything anyways I've been
killing it on the pitch guys as you saw
the cheering for me so I'm gonna
continue killing the game right you saw
that man 10 goals in 10 minutes just
cool okay I'm joking oh okay the real
issue just finished playing the match
guys I don't want to beat myself up how
did I play he was actually good really
was actually good every time he just
left the goal they lost but I just wring
it go I shot like at least three
thousand times so I'ma be honest I was
getting so lucky and go but even when he
went through my legs you'll get stuck in
them but he shot it got stuck right here
all day anyways for now but you know
they lost
hahahaha my master Amir is going to show
you guys how to shoot okay this is the
posture you go for
oh and the ball was never seen again
listen listen you look like you have a
good physique how'd I get on oh no no no
no show us it shorts a six-pack since
you have a good physique what do I need
to eat check you're gonna coconut just
coconut water just coconut water every
time I try to make me have diarrhea okay
this is how energetic we are after
football races good job guys come on
come on
it has not worked through yeah they're
not gonna get a ham sauce no no no look
yourself whoa hey we got four people in
the bank this is wrong guys we just ran
into the opposite gang right now no 5v5
bro we go armed and em over here holy
moly I've never seen this place so busy
mellow down what the hell sligon can you
squeeze up I need a space Oh
I don't actually know how much dude we
have to get to feed this population it's
gonna be a lot we need a lot of food a
lot of food what the hell is going on me
or him me or him I love food he loves
his chicken as much as his ladies you
know how many people are thinking or
plans really listen I know you like your
chicks but stop recording now
right reduce damage Dean Odell's so if
you go to Hunter we just finish eating
right now
you're chill my man a super side right
now are heading out
brother oh I hate this guy I'll see you
guys once I make it over to the more ow
oh okay so I just moved over to the
shopping center the reason why she's
here is because my mom was fixing her
broken phone yes she literally always
breaks her phone guys I don't know how
like she is dropps them they actually
have some really nice course in the
valley over here today look at this GTR
now that is a peace-loving I guess I
just went over to mummy mo look at her
her oh my god she's got her voice okay I
don't know what it is but recently I've
really been into like the Superman and
Batman theme so I actually don't have a
Superman shirt I'm gonna buy one guys
medium I didn't know I like that no I'm
a medium bro I miss moon yo I actually
found the most adorable t-shirt ever
guys look at this
oh it's a baby's t-shirt keep common
same extra polish I don't even know what
that word means I'm gonna be honest did
you fix your phone nah you guys know the
Lamborghini SV is one of my favorite
all-time cars does that car suit my mom
yep yep it definitely it suits anybody
eyes so the thing is right now I've
parked my car one level below my sister
and I really can't be bothered to walk
down so all three of us are going to
have to squeeze into the Lamborghini all
right guys and if someone sees us
I was going to see it's only one floor
mic guys I think this is illegal I want
to know oh I just wanna keep unless we
learn it
alright let me get out get out there you
go you see don't get those problems in
the rolls-royce okay so we're on our way
home right now
Wow I need to catch up to those bad boys
are you finally ready to hold boys I
sure want to quit e-trial my new t-shirt
so are you ready to see what I bought I
bought two t-shirts yeah well no way oh
my god
both have Superman t-shirt now to be
like know if you know I don't want to
really Superman
there's no superwoman really was their
story with superwoman why there Batman
tygon it trying to get revenge for that
minute he it's been manufacture in the
Batman factory so it's actually from
Batman bottom
yeah I guess yeah boy you're you know
I'm Pierce wrong we're done absolutely
goodbye two days look here I'm about to
pass out right now and I also want to
let you guys know if you're missing out
and sleep ghost leak right now okay just
close the video and boom yeah go to bed
Oh as always I love you I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah leave oh whoa oh
