you want to see a real car right now
Eddie show them your car oh yeah good
morning everybody and welcome to another
travel istic blog so today is a
beautiful day I feel good I'm about to
head out and you know when you know the
day's going to be good that did not make
any damn sense
what the heck oh look at this guys I
left my phone and wallet here and Kibby
literally went and slept next to
everything hey you're not hiding
anything are you it looks like there
might be a battery on there there no no
all right you're good
you guys remember one week ago when they
had a surprise birthday party for me my
boy Ross should actually forgot his
earpods at my house so I need to go give
them these the thing is you're just so
cool guys look at this Oh
that is crazy guys look lay my song on
the radio okay it's not my song but you
know what I'm trying to say guys my jam
guys by the way look at this bike right
here damn look at that oh my goodness
that is so cool
yo it's my crazy stuff over the hole
guys but look at what car they have over
here damn there is like a really nice
green challenger over here look at this
thing Wow
this is a bad boy right here the reason
I'm actually here in the shopping center
is you guys know the spinny toys I
bought yesterday before yesterday the
thing is I want to buy a bunch of them
but they're sold out everywhere so my
friend said that they have one in stock
literally only one in stock right now so
I'm gonna go get that right now yo our
boys there you go I managed to get the
green one
damn oh yeah so I just made it over to
my boy Adnan Washington Fatih let's go
see what they're up to
guys I think they forgot to close to
Taurus game Chetan Bhagat per game so
basicly yes who people heads up on the
floor in the push-up game okay Raj is
going to be flipping the card does it be
me not that me yeah what me get that net
doctor to flip the card if my necklace
first you'll do this
rip apart a king these tents oh I need a
new PIN push up with the next part
non-stop you keep going until you finish
the set here goes nothing guys King for
add none kind of cut already guys I'm
going to fall for this guys I'll let you
know who wins because this is going to
go on forever
yummy
I'll call everybody up anybody anything
to do put up the stuff I'm not movin
don't Rica right here whoa
haha
BAM uh yeah yeah I can saw look at one
of that war he just added on his t-shirt
yeah sure
so Eddie's quickly counting up how many
pushups II did guys so let's add it up
how many pushups one busy seven how many
pushups in 26 and kill ya
wait does o1 least romantic guy check it
out fatties been working out for one
waif right now
robot ridiculous so apparently this game
that they just say guys is done in
prison so yeah they call it a prison
workout
Jesus humping the Gilmore three angels
recipes progressive Jesus so my boy Ross
should actually bought a bunch of Yeezys
today which is pretty crazy guys so we
ordered for four pairs of Yeezys and
what are you going to do this any
senator she comes in has an orphan Oh
check it out guys so he got the baby
Easy's over here for your baby coming
soon look at that your anatomy of
Worcester heading over to the hole guys
look I gave him this thing and he was
like you know how look at these dumb
trends going on nowadays and you call it
stop lately this makes me think about
some business or get that some something
I next touch the license to diesel to
commit the coup d'etat a baby dolphin
Russian dades I'm done raw hasn't
seen my new car by the way guys that
does not sound funny let behind you girl
that's my car that's my car
I sure let's go oh you know I'm kidding
this is my car
bro do you like my new car
so the thing is we're actually going to
buy a couple of these spinners right now
as much as Russia two hated it he wants
one now guys yeah look at that
okay I know it seems like I'm addicted
guys but I actually bought five
different colors right now so I got
every single color right now bang out
check it out go white we got blue black
everything orange here by the way shots
Abdullah I just met him over here and he
wanders the videos and he messages your
friends online and like Simon's like
subscribe that's what's up Yolo Yolo LLC
I - look who just made it over here guys
Sam we go home run in the building and a
half and what type of team is that man
what type of trash is that oh no tell it
I was like you know I'm going to get me
funds for this guys
anyways look what I got Sam we have six
different spinners over here and it's
time to show you what they do again
rushes in the black is enjoying
authorities are you look at that
I'm bleeding I'm bleeding
brother abusing of love tell me that
watching this does not relieve your
stress guys one listening
it's making me wants to know this is
actually so satisfying to watch look at
that I just thought of an idea that's
never been done before what others that
original and you know no no no you know
you're not get out of here by the way I
just met these years but over years
jealous of them yeah these guys was the
coolest one ever check this out BAM look
at that
that is awesome anyway the other Yolo
guys pizza right now we're putting up
one of the dirtiest pranks of all time
guys show facing me we're going football
later on today again we told our friend
ISA that Russia is playing football
right now with Anthony Joshua so he's
going there right now but once you get
there you gonna start spamming us at
school and we're going to tell them no
go to the other gate no go to the other
games
let them go see we're gonna drive him
crazy so my friend is calling me right
now to Steve what's happening to Anthony
Joshua ina
hello yo whatever I'm not the place but
Russia's not here like no one here you
guys have a club if you like oh sorry
sorry about this under the slice of time
oh I took like six minute or Google much
well yeah no more grass y'all cause we
gonna Pearson is watching what you guys
doing up we just didn't focus on stuff
in I think on a tour of divine how did
you all watching this corner well it was
just a prank bro just come to the buy
more
I stole a so finally made a year
unfortunately he did the Anthony Joshua
so right now we made it over to the
football pitch guys check it out
we actually have Zygon over here as well
what's that what what's that your
eyebrows in his pocket for one we know
what my eyebrows okay cool
look at the Nerds over there stretching
man just the hell out of here get out of
here with your stretches and luckily
guys look who's here after two months
Kareem is back oh my goodness days I say
I just saved it but yeah guys he hasn't
been here for like five bajillion
companies it's bright party but he
missed the same day as my grandmother
saw yo Co my party or your grandma's I
might like you I was thinking about
canceling my grandma is robots play
football so yeah let's get I need to
warm up a little bit so I'll put you
guys away for a bit high so check it out
guys
Eddie just made it in the building time
to play some football places Dubai
all-stars
today we're the best of divine anons
brothers here what's I was so clear guys
this is not knowledge your brother and
not look at me you guys look like that
Wow Wow so we just finished the game of
football guys and unfortunately as my
team lost 1331 your goalie was cheating
bro oh you already killed he was in the
National Indian team bro guys rock
soccer with the goalie no no no I'm
gonna say to my eyes I have to head out
of here if I hit the crossbar three
attempts I don't do anything how Josh's
driver so talented man so I know you
gotta know people and the side job is a
drag
I saw your eyes 3 colorability time I
said guys so I get recorded four times
without entering the gun because I'm not
a vlogger so the vet is guys even though
we lost the football match if I can hit
the crossbar is in three shot I don't do
anything if I miss I lose my eyebrows
okay 109 110 and 10 is invisible
brother Luo 10 every minute I brought
challege whoa Dan here goes nothing you
have 60,000 eyebrows
what you gonna take a pop art is the
only thing ten we need this demolition
is common six monthly number three
oh yes we're going guys entree goes
ecliptic listen as your eyes I don't
know where we're going
whoa holy moly guys were like some sort
of a leeway don't worry Steve I say yes
by the way guys this is aces new car it
actually looks really really bad what
happened bro it's not so much I
congratulations on the car bro yeah the
flag of the back baby
guys check it out one thing look look
security crew guys check it out you did
this look what happened whoa it's like
didn't maybe God knew Carla I guys for
now we're saying goodbye to sigan a too
much salt chicken a nail on the head cuz
I'm brother yeah this is like a music
video right now the family the other
boys Pissarro fan make it easy cuz you
want to see a real car right now and he
showed them your car sales
don't-don't-don't doesn't do very bright
though with any solar center life
Oh like that but the one on that guy
let's go baby
I check out what I have next to me right
now an Aventador so you know what's
crazy guys I think that's actually my
friend Easter's car cuz that's the plate
number that their family has so yeah I
didn't see who's in the car though so it
could be as bad or somebody but that's
all though so I just made a home guys
I'm super super tired right now so I'm
probably gonna wrap up today's vlog
right here you know the other day how I
told you superwoman was going to come to
Dubai you guys have literally gone onto
her page and stabbed the hell out of
this so I want to say thank you guys
you're all so good like it just goes to
show how much power you guys have I'm
not sure if this is a good thing now
we're doing or if it's annoying her but
I mean hopefully she sees as she meets
it up with us it's so guys go on her
Instagram and like her youtube right now
everything is mobile I love those little
blockers welcome what guys think it is
holy moly this is crazy you guys are
legit crazy guys anyways as always I
love you guys we'll make sure to smash
the subscribe button if you haven't
already or click right here to subscribe
click right here to watch my last video
and as always Galliano
Oh
