yeah everyone what is up good morning so
today's absolutely beautiful day as you
guys saw yesterday our new garden is
finally made voice it actually looked
amazing I call wait to do some
photoshoots with it but yet today I'm
actually heading out right now in the
morning gonna go out do some stuff so
let's go into some fun oh okay so check
it out boys the first place I quickly
came over to today I came over to the
car strobe now basically I'm not sure if
I should say this I'm let me get a lot
hate but I'm bored with my car already
okay that doesn't mean I'm selling it no
I'm not selling the car but honestly I
feel like I need a supercar in my life
so I'm trying to see if there's any nice
supercars I can buy there's an Aventador
over here there's like a classic Ford
Mustang guy so let's see how it goes the
thing is the rolls-royce is amazing I
think I'm going to keep it as a family
car but it doesn't have that um you know
it's not like a real I want like a car
that makes that exact noise that will
our Iain Duncan
oh my god this is the loudest car I've
ever heard in my life I'm trying to wait
for the car to turn off like it's me so
the thing is one car really have on my
mind at the moment is the Lamborghini
Aventador
and I know you're going to kill me
because everybody thought I was gonna
buy that instead of the rolls-royce at
the moment the main thing I need to see
is the prices they came because you guys
know I'm just literally killed my bank
account when it comes to cars like
killed it so yeah okay so before I head
out here let me actually tell you why I
came over here it's not just because I
was looking for a car basically right
now me and my friend are heading out and
he might be buying a Ferrari laferrari
just to let you know how expensive that
is take my car
times it by like 15 and then you have
that okay so yeah I think am i doing the
math right I don't even know it's my
math right okay so right now we quickly
just made it over to the location where
the laferrari is I'm gonna go take you
inside and let's go take a look at this
beast alrighty boys okay so as you can
see boys this is the car that my friend
is buying they quickly just went around
and checked it it looks superb like it's
such a clean car that you know like it's
crazy just having a laugh Ferrari and
it's like this empty garage over here so
Wow Wow anyway this is the car quickly
just wanted to show you I think the deal
is being done right now so they quickly
went around checked everything that
needs to be done but yeah I gave for now
we're heading out voice so yeah not bad
at all yeah I said check it out boys
right now I quickly came over to the
shopping center as you saw I just
finished up with my friend today's kind
of been a crazy day already like imagine
my friend just bought a la Ferrari like
okay so I literally just saw the coolest
thing ever guys basically they have this
like shot over here and you can buy
cereal in the mall like you know cereal
you have in the morning so my man he was
explaining it to me
basically all the cereal behind him you
can mix up right that's crazy so we're
going to just see how it goes guys so
they're literally making me like a
customized cereal right now boys if you
can see that whoa this is a very special
cereal right now we're getting some
sprinkles in there we're going all out
with you cereal right now the one I'm
having right now is unicorn poop and
that's what goes inside it guys so yeah
there you go
that is my unicorn poop that is so
awesome
okay so the coolest part about the
cereal is now that I've ordered it look
who I go to eat it this is the craziest
thing I've ever tried I'm having cereal
in the middle of the shopping center
this feels awkward though we're going to
do it anyway oh my goodness this cannot
be healthy guys I kind of don't want to
try it but let's see let's see it might
be nice guys Cheers - unicorn - all
right
it's okay I don't know what this lace is
really sweet I kind of wish my mom or
sister were here because this actually
feels really awkward like I'm sitting on
a baby's bed having cereal like I think
I think I should leave for now I'm done
with my cereal boys I'm gonna head out
this place
super super dope cause also I just had
cereal in a shopping center which was
kind of weird I can't even lie right now
I quickly came over to the camera store
they actually have a bunch of really
crazy things basically look at the first
one over here BAM so this thing over
here this is like a stabilizer for your
phone so I put my phone on it just so I
could show you what it does so I know
this is super super random but right now
I'm going to try out the best lens they
have in Canon check this out guys down
so this over here this is a 10000 or
almost 10,000 lens over here so I'm
going to see how this bad boy goes oh my
god it's super heavy
I actually feel so scared holding it
because it's so expensive but let's give
it a shot
okay so let's take this bad boy off all
I'm really zoomed in but before I head
online quickly had to come and visit the
gadget store now you guys know I'm
normally always here they have something
new over here this thing it's food a
fidget roller now basically let me show
you what it does it's super weird you
put it down and when you tap it it keeps
on rolling like you don't need to put a
crazy amount of force into it take this
out guys so this is it what what I'm
gonna put on the spot right now she's
actually going to sing for us okay so ya
know with that microphone though the
normal microphone yeah we're gonna see
with a normal microphone so let's see
how this goes hi Elle is about to
perform a new song for us are you ready
no pressure again
you okay all right I like that thank you
by the way shout out to these guys
everybody hey yeah I like that they
don't want you to sing they don't want
you to be successful this is your time
to shine it's my normal voice okay okay
guys you got a crowd right here whoo
anyways there you go boys that was my
lady
Ella on the vlog I like that I like that
no for the time being I'm actually
heading out the shopping center right
now boys I'm not sure exactly where I'm
gonna go I just came to look around a
little bit so let's go and yeah
somebody's cards alarm is going right
now I want to take you upstairs
Tinkerbell and Peter Pan are two birds I
know it's so weird calling them by their
names they're having relationship
problems so I'm gonna go upstairs to see
how the birds are doing okay today on
Jeremy Kyle we're gonna go throughout
this relationship problem given because
so we're going to see Tinker Bell none
oh she's eating food
as you can see Tinker Bell is very handy
so she's a little almond guys we did you
just pick up a slut
yes oh my gosh figure out of a block Oh
drop your weapon
so as you can see what Tinkerbell is in
a very bad mood at the moment she's all
my hand what are you doing
you're my sister Tinkerbell that's a
great spot to be at that's amazing
she's just looking ah she peed on you
she peed on you anyways there you go
that is how the birds are doing in case
you guys are wondering why the hell is
my cat on the rolls-royce kitty I see
you I see you on my car why the hell are
you on my car what are you doing on my
damn car yeah yeah get off get off my
car go inside you're grounded you're
grounded son yeah check it out oh that
is a golden Aventador I'm not sure
you've ever seen a golden Lamborghini
before but we're driving next to one
right now in the Rolls Royce oh yeah
Gracie makes me
okay so right now I quickly brought my
sister over to the sports store
basically over here they have a really
cool treadmill I want my sister to try
are you ready let's go this is the
treadmill guys good here goes nothing
boys Lana's about to run on the holy
treadmill the faster you run the faster
it goes right now I'm about to join the
machine basically this is a game if you
see around me wanna be running through
the scene on these screens are your mom
are so protective of yourself
oh he's got to follow me Wow
no you're flying right now so I can be
in the side when you're ready I wish you
can see you're running past the cart see
you're not good you got 20 seconds
guys this is basically a game right here
we have to do every checkpoint go go go
go go
no you need to make it to there you go
no wow I had to stop that you I like
games that's how hard it was okay
all right for now I'm done boys hooked I
was hard guys shout out to my man oh
yeah he's the one that put us through
this exercise
it was amazing a good experience seen
these two guys running a fantastic oh my
god I'm really flexing really family
hospital
am I gonna have six action though six
banks well you come in every day here
maybe about the oh okay so me and my
sister quickly came over to like this
soap store they have and look at the
size of this hope they have over you
watching my face am I good scrubbing
yourself with that okay so they have
something really interesting on the top
floor basically if you stand on this
spot they actually take a fork you guys
he's about to do it he's about to do
call let's see how the photo turned out
ah we weren't even ready guys we quickly
came to the top floor and there's
something over here look at this
there's so many of them a billion
zillion species here no you went inside
the fish tank by the way I just met this
guy over here you want to give a shout
out what's up he's language shut up dude
shout out to everybody man hi we stopped
then and in it and in it then it guys
I think my lover gave me roses they put
roses on my car your mo blokes you are
amazing
you're the best I love you I like that
apparently this is Lola squad apparently
it's not even for me so here you go
about you money
thanks yeah anymore okay so I just made
a home right now boys I'm literally
about to pass out the thing is I told
you I'd announce the giveaway winner to
the MacBook Pro today but I'm gonna do
it two more basically a lot of people
complain that they didn't know I was
doing a giveaway even though I said it
every day for two weeks so today is
finally your last day to enter or yes
appear to subscribe down below and your
indicate no more excuses saying you
didn't know blah blah blah now you know
okay so tomorrow
that's a I'm picking the winner so good
luck everybody
but yeah I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow I'm literally about to die
right now so LD Yolo boy go
