good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog so we are
starting out today's vlog in the airport
if you haven't already watched
yesterday's video go check it out and
you'll know why I'm here it's literally
7:00 a.m. in the morning right now and
look at this view
Wow Wow like okay not the car guys this
the way they've made the airport is so
exotic over here it's beautiful yeah
look at that the Metro it literally just
comes out like a little jungle down
that's beautiful for now let's get
inside the Ferrari and let's drive home
yo I'm not a morning person at all guys
and you know real I never come out when
it's early in the morning but look at
the view right now what that is
beautiful I have been missing out so
much in my life but literally I'm always
asleep until like 12 o'clock because I
stay up super late and I feel like I'm
missing out a life light like good
morning good morning guys so here's the
thing now that I'm home I've realized
that I need to sort out my life badly
like super super badly now you guys know
I buy a lot of shoes like I buy a lot of
sneakers and the thing is they're just
all over the place in the house like
there's just a ton of sneakers here a
ton of sneakers under here I mean
they're just like scoured around the
house and I really need to like put them
in a nice display somewhere I have a
whole shelf in you know upstairs but
like it just doesn't fit the shoes
anyways here's the thing right now we're
actually gonna be doing something a
little bit cool basically I'm going to
meet up with Andrea you guys know her
and we're gonna be spending a day with
one of my fans okay so there's this girl
that really likes me and yeah we're all
gonna go out together and it should be
fun I already know what's happening guys
but I mean it it sounds like a lot of
fun all right let's go all right guys so
check it out right now I just made it
over here I'm actually at the arcade and
as I told you
what's up Isaiah
who's the special guest so guys she
actually watches the blog that she's a
super big fan so today we're all gonna
have some fun so right now we're gonna
play a really cool game if you bust any
of the balloons you win Wow come on this
is your last chance
what does she win I went down with the
Husky Wow this is what we're in now
you're you you're loser you got it's her
turn guys I want the big one what is
this so next up Maggie's gonna go let's
see can you do this no we're not playing
any more games for you that's it so
Andrea really wants this toy over here
do you think it's cool Oh guys look at
this
look at this are you guys ready are you
ready
if those rings and diamonds fall off
that's not my phone
that's don't take them on the ride ah
it's about to go down
guys I'm gonna feel sick after this
you've never been on this ride
we gucci and we gucci III have you
really sick I've actually never tried
that right in the morning
and it just it feels that Oh guys we're
winning some tickets right now who are
winning guys Maci we're gonna try and
get many tickets to buy some new stuff
cuz you can actually buy some really
cool toys with it so yeah okay so here's
a fun time with the tickets that we won
I once bought a toaster take it back to
the toaster they actually have kitchen
stuff here so you can buy like a blender
or like I don't know what this is
yeah so we just need a thousand more a
thousand more and we can buy ourselves
like a no blender guys they don't
promote blocks for no reason right now
about the machine what
okay I got this I got this I go my god
way
oh my god oh my god yes no I don't know
if it's just me but no matter what it is
even if I win something small and I just
get super super excited like I'm
confident something with my life anyways
guys for now I'm actually heading out of
here somebody's saying goodbye to Andrea
and Maggie so peace out guys
but look what you got guys listen she
literally just want everything guys
there's a piece outs are right here so
bound and Andre I'll see you very soon
bye bye how do you say bye bye in French
Oh wah Oh wah bye
what happened to my mind find a clear
line this week ah yeah yeah you know
what I'll just I'll just say this is our
second date honestly guys she actually
looks super good in annamaya lie I'm not
even lying
it actually was good on you thank you
very much damn girl work here and he's
for now I'm heading off home guys I'm my
icing me up with them later on today if
I do get some time so yeah alright yeah
no I go work I got that money coming in
alright I'll see you guys at home and
let's continue the rest of the day
mistakes and the half hours later
I'm sleepy what time is it
oh-oh-oh
leave me Lord oh yes I know this sounds
bad guys but as soon as I got home for
the past three hours I just fell asleep
so you guys saw that yesterday I dropped
off my friend to the airport I dropped
him up at 6 a.m. so I didn't sleep the
whole night guys and yeah it's it's like
8 p.m. right now only your right to bed
sleeping you thought I was the only one
sleeping look at this guy oh my god
what's your Excuse huh huh
you weren't even staying you've been
sleeping the whole day he's like don't
look at me I always sleep alright buddy
I love you I love you okay you can relax
it is about to go down basically you
guys know that I told you 2018 is about
me getting fear and you guys have been
seeing me work out constantly throughout
the past couple of weeks right now me my
sister and my boy Roshan are about to go
running and it's like 10 p.m. at night
by the way this is how you run install
gas supreme gloves okay you can't see me
you know what these are
you're running with your feet not your
hands they need to see me at night these
are reflexive yo yo guys so right now
we've been running for the past 20
minutes
I am absolutely exhausted with Lana and
Raj's guys no pain no gain
we just warmed up for the past like 10
15 minutes it's time to get to some real
Ronnie ready guys
does it warm up bro all right three two
one guys it's time to run
we finish running it was super hard -
push it bro you seem like you're getting
in shape is there a reason for that
coming soon
that was absolutely amazing by the way
I'm not sure if you guys saw did you see
that mansion behind rocket like those
are Maxim houses so we were actually
running in his area guys I like David a
very nice place let's just say that
rewind the footage go check it out now
it's time for the big announcement it's
time to announce the third fold winner
I gave the giveaway you know oh happy
time I mean oh yeah before I do there is
three more phones for grabs guys so if
you haven't already won and you don't
win now don't worry you can still enter
because yeah there's three more phones
left to go guys so all you need to do is
subscribe comment down below and now
it's time to pick the winner let's do
this and they giveaway winner to the
third phone is Ricardo turn up
congratulations my man you won the phone
you know this is what I love to see when
I come with somebody's channel and they
actually have liked my videos but brah
brah
zero zero subscribers right guys I want
to subscribe know I'm a subscriber but
yeah congratulations to my man recorder
for winning the phone as I said there's
three more phones up for grabs the next
one is actually to be announced very
soon as soon as I hit 5 million
subscribers which should be sometime the
next like 10 days hopefully actually no
my am i that close I don't think I'm
that close I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow for another epic video and as
always yeah Leo know
