yeah everyone what is so good order
you're welcome to another look sir today
is finally happening the destruction of
our garden so basically the guys are
here right now let me show you what's
going on our boy so as you can see right
now they're literally plowing away our
garden they actually have to do that to
the whole garden the whole garden over
here and then we're gonna have fake
grass I did one of only welly welly with
a doublet I already got summers on until
outta my pants is actually a really
wanting big one and we have a mini
watermelon so let's slice this bad boy
up
here goes nothin boys ready for this but
good to death what the hell oh my god is
actually not working guys nice okay okay
so I always have a slight little problem
when it comes to our cats I want to go
to the toilet right now but I just don't
feel comfortable having a cat watch me
listen this is your cat you need to deal
with this right now I need to take a
number two and I gonna have you sit here
are you kidding me she's sleeping in my
bathtub you have like two minutes to get
her out before I start okay I need to go
guys she's leaving she's leaving bye
okay so for the time being I'm gonna
quickly go and take a shower and change
my shirt guy basically apart from the
guys working in the garden we're also
going to have my new curtains today so
yes no more duct tape no more cheap
curtain thingy I don't even know what to
call this this is not current guys today
they're going to do all the curtains in
the house they're starting on the garden
we are building a proper
sky's the move logs mention anyways
let's go take a shower because I'm
sweating right now and I'll see you guys
in a bit blue again so check it out I
created went and change my t-shirt right
now we came to the garden because my
sister as you can see now she's going to
have a helping hand in destroying the
garden let's go Pam come on you got this
as you can see this is what the garden
looks like so far
and yeah we're plowing it down like you
might I think you're going to you're
kind of messing up you look like you're
going through in some random Portsmouth
I've done anyways check it out what this
is what the garden looks like so far as
you can see basically all of this side
still needs to be done so yeah it's a
pretty big garden man so right now I'm
actually heading out of the house you
might be wondering where I'm going I'm
actually heading over to the McClaren
showroom yes basically today they have
like a really special handover of cars
they have for McLaren p1 GTRs in their
showroom if you guys don't know how
special that is there's only 25 in the
world so having forced them it's a big
deal let's go
right now I just made it over to the
McLaren showroom time to show you the
Beast all talky mouth let's go so check
it out boys as you can see behind me
this is the lineup of the four p1 GTR
BAM look at this beauty guys to think
that there's only 25 of these bad boys
in the world and we've got four of them
in this one room is just insane this car
is literally a track car guys if you
look at the inside look at the way
they've made the steering wheel and
everything it's just ah it's got like a
crazy crazy wing on the back of it and
the exhaust they're just like raw you
know it's like literally nothing has
been like Mays fancy or anything this
car is a real beauty right here so yes
that's number two over there we have
number three and then number four so as
if you're dreaming right here okay so
check it out we have some more people
coming right now to the event you guys
should know this guy look who we have
here oh hello the owner okay so the
really cool thing about these four p1
GTR s basically out of all of the p1 GTR
s made only ten of them are road-legal
guys and every single one you see here
today is road-legal which makes them
even that much rarer guys yes that's the
last bit of admiring I'm gonna do for
now guys beautiful beautiful car Wow I
should check out who we have here guys
BAM
as you saw my wall just go here and we
have the hashtag mclaren queen yeah
basically if you don't know she's the
main lady when it comes to my kind in
Dubai so maybe she's gonna give me a
free McLaren she's going to give you the
the most tiger-like another picture like
three people guilty maternal EICMA clear
in your hashtag queen of McLaren I'm
going to I'm going to freak right and 20
other guys listen subscribe and I'll
make a free McLaren happen okay that's
good are we get on your fire okay as the
favors not they're actually going to
quickly turn on this bad boy right here
now guys so let's see how it sounds I
feel it you can actually feel the
explode they're going to rev it they're
going to rip it
are you excited oh my god things right
now about to head out so for now say
goodbye to marijuana guys I quote about
that yo marwan you have to get here
because here's a few of mine is my ETA
come on bro give me some credit
I came just from he came in I came just
for you and this is what I like to hear
guys in a woman okay anyways right now
we're saying goodbye to these amazing
cars and tomorrow on so peace out
woo anyways voice for now very out here
as you can see my boy Marwan pulled up
in the SP this is actually his brother's
car which is a BRABUS this looks amazing
look at this new agonize Oh such a meme
like BRABUS guys cuz here is but now
let's it out here let's go
I'm on so as I mentioned when I left the
house they were fixing our curtains so
once I get home hopefully all the
curtains in the house are done okay
hopefully I'm not sure if they are not
so we're just gonna have to go and see
okay so I literally just made it back
home and look at our garden
holy morning they've actually killed our
garden anyways as you can see they've
actually finished with all of the
plowing they were doing so yeah I guess
tomorrow at stage 2 so now let's go and
look around and let's see how the
currents look like I actually haven't
seen the currents myself so let's go see
you together guys whew okay okay time to
go into the main living room guys oh oh
there's nothing here okay
they haven't finished my room finished
eyelids so guys let's go oh my god what
the hell do we have over here what the
hell are you doing on the floor time to
see my currency uh yeah yo I love you on
it my room actually looks really fancy
now look at this guy's like look at the
difference that the curtains made wow
that is pretty cool I garden arrived oh
boy so right now me and my mom are
actually heading out basically my
rolls-royce is actually low on pressure
in the tires so we're gonna go and take
it to the petrol station at is Lana's
being the security guard for the house
so peace out you can sit here and watch
the cat's okay I guess you check it out
boys right now I'm filling up the air on
my console
let's see our code I don't know what's
going on it should make it loud annoying
whoo okay we build up on the pressure
severe my mom came over that is like
garden center place guys basically the
reason we're here we want to decorate
the garden even more so first of all
fake cross is being put into our garden
now we want to fake the trees yeah we're
going to have to take everything in our
house man fake grass fake trees you have
to fake it to make it guys okay look who
I just met guys I met this guy what is
up I'm him and he has one of the coolest
things ever his phone literally has a
phone on it look at this one this
connects to your actual phone right damn
and they've got a bunch of spinners wait
what is that
that's a six spinner look at the size of
the spinner in his hands it holy mud
that is awesome man thank you guys to
you soon peace out I'm gonna be honest
with you guys they literally have the
coolest garden stuff you could ever
imagine like I know I've already said
this but imagine having this in your
garden this actually tempts me right now
just to make something like this in our
house but it's probably what you're too
expensive
I swear their garden decorations over
here are on another level
my mom's clearly asking how much they
are but I don't think during our budget
okay because if you know my mom she's
like me we like just buy stuff very
cheap mommy what are you doing what the
hell you literally got like a blob of
green in your hand
guys it's like a green basketball okay
so we ended up leaving a little bit
earlier than expected voice basically
all of the stores actually closed down
right now so we didn't buy anything
pretty much except for one spinner
I know I know literally I had to buy
another one boys but yeah for now we're
gonna head off home quickly just came to
look around but yeah they have a lot of
really cool gardening stuff in here
look so journey don't know boy boy
another spinner okay I already got one
from my friend I'm bitter
yes yes what'd you say nothing by what
you are you ready for this okay guys are
you ready for this yeah Oh laser spinner
Oh Oh the DNP for prices guys going to
follow my Instagram mole on his score
blocks on this score all three shitty
BBN okay yeah understanding these are my
the end that that only girls are allowed
to bottle no excuse me ladies are well
done Anna
excuse me everybody's on the bodies yeah
mom well I gotta say about your son
roblox special rate okay okay so before
I say goodbye to your todays video if I
actually got an announcement to make
basically you guys know for the past two
weeks I've told you that I might be
selling my Mustang and the final
decision is I'm keeping the car yes so
you know what I thought it makes sense
if we keep it in the family guys like
absolutely love the car and yes the baby
is staying in the family alright don't
worry must see you stay cuz that means
that I need to find a very nice wrap
design for because as I said I want to
change up the colors so a lot of people
have been emailing me a ton of design so
let's check them out together alright so
this is the first design somebody sent
in I really like this design because it
looks futuristic yeah that's number one
BAM this is number twos so this one
actually looks really really aggressive
guys like I love the yellow line they've
added here so this is definitely
something I'm thinking about with the
car but yeah as always I just want to
say I love you guys so so much for the
support I know I say this every day but
trust me I honestly love you guys like
you guys are my family I meet you on a
daily basis out in the shopping centers
you know too much about me which is
weird to say like you honestly know too
much about me he's like hey guys don't
forget my MacBook Pro giveaway is going
to be announced in three days so if you
want to win a MacBook Pro go down below
and subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
y'all iolo fine
