yeah everyone what is that welcome back
to another video so today is actually
going to be a pretty special one we're
going to another Carvin yes so it's been
a while since we've been to one but we
pulled out the purple Lamborghini for
today
my sister's wearing a purple t-shirt so
you already know what's about to go down
let's go and let's have some fun
yo are we sir check it out right now I
quickly made it over to our friends
place
I'm actually not taking my rolls-royce
to the event no basically I'm going is
this
the thing is my boy wash it is bringing
his Aventador SP to the event so you
already know I'm thinking that over the
road story any day of the week that
Moroccan is just about to switch on
right now so we're gonna head out there
Sun is right now just waiting for my
friend Washington danger and we're
heading out in the sea look at the
interior on this beast Wow
nice you've been such a long time since
I've been to a Corvette so I'm pretty
Riddick sighs whoa oh look at this bad
boy
let's go are you ready to go oh my god
money's going
so check it out boys right now we just
made it to all the cars as you can see
behind me i think everybody's heading
out right now so let's go
we got a few flashy overhears oh look at
his lineup how are you these guys are
crazy right now Henry's right now we're
gonna do a drive so let's go
the place that we just met right now is
an actually the proper event basically a
group of us just met there beforehand so
right now we're heading over to the
proper being for where everybody else is
I'm pretty sure we haven't come to the
right place guys because right now we're
literally in the middle of the desert oh
yeah nice oh I've never been here okay
right now we just made it over to the
location boys as you can see all the
cars are coming in I'm not sure exactly
what this place is
but they said it's like a cafe type
thing so yeah as you can see we got a
crazy line of cars of the SV the
hiragana and just some more crazy cars
over there
No Ganga gay hi you guys are literally
all the way at the back right you need
to catch up catch up right my cars over
there I'm leaving I don't think I can
hold over all of this time so the place
we've come to is actually a port where
all of the ships our guys know behind
all the cars over here literally have
the ocean right now we just made it here
to the destination and look at the view
behind me we have like the sea and
there's a ship over there it looks
absolutely amazing here sort of like a
paintings I'm boiling out here guys
today is such a hot day
right now most of the cars have gone
here as you can see behind my sister
they've all worked up over there against
our kitchen there's another one coming
right now
down another one I don't know what this
thing is guys but a tank has literally
pulled up over here
whatever the wing is literally the size
of an airplane or you don't want to mess
with this car I believe I can fly car
looks like so right now more cars are
rolling up as you can see dear home look
at that bad boy
cracking me up there's a beast coming in
what's in the blue of this why is it oh
my goodness it's a human's I was in the
boot it's a human leg or just rolled up
right now we got the Mini Coopers hello
no we're coming we're coming I
Wow that is so cool
oh my god so it's also a miracle
discards in front of us check out the
inside of this car oh my goodness
I don't even know what that is holy moly
so right now we're actually heading over
to a warehouse they have at the back
basically they have like the most rare
cars over there so I don't think many
people know about it but sure keep it on
a low holy moly
guys look at this they have furniture
made out of cars even parts on the car
okay so this car over here has one of
the most unique inside ever this is like
a Back to the Future car over here Wow
we've literally found a car eating a car
right now
holy moly guys what the hell is that
there's literally a jeep climbing
another one right now this is crazy so
this is what you've all been waiting for
the most limited edition cars worth
around 50 million online over here guys
that's cow so check it out boys this is
the beast we came over here to see a
full carbon fiber p1 over here but this
is not the only special car no staying
one of 25 this thing's good a McLaren
six eight eight I've never even heard
the name before it's also carbon fiber
and one thing you know
hard to the left of carbon coming
through in some areas so it's unique
style I think we've seen everything now
life is complete let's go my man over
here is going to turn on his race car
what is that thing inside there what my
goodness you guys I think I just lost my
ears all right here his there you go
that's a crazy car man thank you so I
promised it I'll quickly come and show
you all of the Mustangs over here they
literally have rows and rows of Mustangs
you can see this I'm gonna take you over
to one of my favorites they have over
here check this bad boy out
oh wow wow wow it's got a carbon-fiber
hood on this bad boy my man's gonna
quickly turn on this bad boy let's hear
how loud it is
howdy
now the last guy I want to show you is
purely based on the color there's a
color-changing Mustang over here look at
this
Wow so this is actually like a purplish
blue and every angle you look at it the
color actually changes do you see that
guys wow that is one nice color that's
actually a custom paint job right there
anyways for now as I said quickly
stopped by to show you the Mustangs
let's go anyways let's head back in this
s3 let's go so I think we can officially
say we're heading out of your voice what
a crazy event I think this is the
biggest turnout in terms of course but
yeah I'm literally dying I need a drink
of water
right now we quickly made it over to
Nando's this is I don't know why I'm so
thirsty right now I don't even want to
eat we just found the closest place to
come and drink water we just finished
with our food and we just got the cake
boy oh okay we're literally five people
right here sharing ones like you guys
the one spoon each welcome petit we got
the skate for free guys know why we have
the plug over here don't want
oh well I guess I'll check it out boys
we finally made it home wait wait a
second who are you guys
yo you're not my kids you're not much it
all right guys I I don't know what to do
right now but there's two kids in my
house and you wrote those by their own
voices listen a don't tell them that
okay okay the new generation of kids so
crazy okay so my new kids they found out
a way to get a big bubble out of it what
is that it is you ever wanted your kids
to be like an athlete when they grow up
give you sex for just right now you
didn't Marjan ha ha wait not that that's
not such that's not your family brand
new channel listen listen if you wants
money hey hey listen listen listen 10
push-ups were a dollar all right guys
let's go oh my god hey listen listen I
know I promised you money bye bye bye
oh my god she's killing you so right now
our friends just left our house guys
today was actually a really really fun
day I'm not even gonna lie we did a lot
but tomorrow there's a ton more stuff
going on so basically tomorrow they're
going to come and destroy our garden I
know that sounds really weird well
basically I told you that we're having
fake grass put into our garden so
tomorrow that project starts and it's
going to take about five days to finish
so I can't wait to see what they wanna
do yeah it's just super complicated guys
so as always I love you guys all don't
forget I think four days left until I
announce the micro-pearl winner so good
luck everybody I love you and yet may
the best
and win hi Alioto bye
