yeah IRA what is that welcome back to
another vlog so today I'm starting out
the day by going quad bike shopping and
I know this is super random and you're
like what what bike shopping basically
if you guys don't know my new area
there's like a log stand where I live so
it's like the perfect area to own a quad
bike but today
I currently came over to the quad bike
shops let's go see how much they are
alright so this is the first showroom
we've come to these things look like
beasts over here yo good good help me
out with a quad bike here you watch the
vlogs yeah that's awesome yeah
okay so Ahmed trying to help me out with
finding a quad bike but I told him I
need the cheapest you have okay yeah
okay I show me what you have so this one
if it will start with the best this is a
hundred and one hundred and twenty
thousand Canon Maverick 2017 model with
154 horsepower triples and basically
it's a beast
it's like 88 months the top speed on
this one this is like the best of the
best of the best
okay so the thing is except from the
really cool quad bikes they have over
here they actually has something that's
even cooler check this out BAM so you
guys don't know what this is this is
like a three wheel motor bike
Wow this you could take on the street
quickly just to it
you can get two actually a window please
no way look at that check out how this
bad boy runs this is all so anyways boys
for now I'm heading out if you're super
super cool bike they have here and thank
you so much Ahmed for showing me around
take care peace out peace out bye for
now I'm gonna go look around a bit more
see if there's any more quad bike places
but that guy in there was super nice
though shout out there Oh as a Ferrari
behind me oh my god it looks so nice
okay so right now I quickly came over to
the second store which has quad bikes
and this place actually has a really
nice one look at this wow this one
actually looks really nice I don't know
what is that this one looks mean look at
that it's a raptor alright guys this is
more like the stuff that I want okay the
other store had like this type of stuff
which is really cool trust me if I had
the money for it
it's like a hundred thousand plus for
these ones but I think the smaller ones
you can get for like thirty thousand
twenty thousand which is not as bad you
know what I'm trying to say especially
for something I just wants it for fun so
they actually have one more really cool
thing over here they sell golf carts yes
male they actually have a golf cart and
the world's biggest golf bag my mom
broke it guys
oh my God look at that guys they have
mini clubs so I quickly went and asked
guys basically this one that they have
over here is 31,000 but they actually
have an offer on a blue one which is
like the loss they have in stock for
24,000 so mommy what do you think that's
actually a pretty good deal I honestly I
don't even know if I should say that on
the vlog because I feel like somebody's
gonna come and steal their offer so guys
if you watch this I swear do not take
their offer I'm gonna kill you okay
before it out I want to show you guys
one more thing Oh
they literally have you know those water
jetpack boots they have them for sale
over here are you kidding me look at
this thing oh my god guys mommy we can
actually become Superman for now I'm
heading off you're super super cool just
to look around to see what they have my
mommy
you have to make a decision are we gonna
get one or no no it's actually on my way
home and I quickly stopped my car
because looking for car I just bought
back through the road they literally
have like a classic Mustang parked
alongside the road over here
damn this is a beach anyways as I said I
couldn't stop my car because I saw this
car parked out here
not bad not bad so we finally made it
back home boys I actually want to talk
to you guys about something now
basically me and my family are
considering getting some more cat and I
know that probably sounds like weird
we're becoming like these cat ladies and
guys at home and these are the cats
we've been seeing online at the moment
so these are the potential options
Frankie okay so this is Frankie this is
our first option for a cat looks a bit
too big though that's the right guys he
will kill our cats okay this is option 2
we're going to show you this guys could
nugget bang ah there you go this one is
nugget she looks like she to be eaten
alive like a noodle what the hell okay
let us know do you think that's a good
idea I don't think we should get another
it's erosion what the hell this guy's
obese man what the hell this guy's so
fat anyways I'm super hungry right now
I'm clearly gonna have some food check
it out your mommy dad looks like some
dead take away man what the hell is this
declaration of it's eaten five years ago
so the thing is a couple of days ago my
sister accidentally slip her eyebrow an
accident actually I wanted to try it out
because I saw you did it once in your
video try to be like me god damn anoxia
two slits an eye on that and by the way
this was the wrong way with this way my
sister's eyebrow is completely fake it
should be done it should be down there
everywhere around it you do your
eyebrows you drew your eyebrows
my sister has fake eyebrows
that
why is everybody dressed up today guys
what's going on it's my birthday it's my
birthday happy birthday Zack shot I will
scare your birthday party but you did a
job are you kidding me I read your
essays not even here I used to check it
out boys time to play some ping-pong
let's get things started you ready for
this hi guys BAM
yeah oh my God look at this guy are you
kidding
you see where the ball in my hand okay
oh my gosh believe that okay right now
before he plays a boxing game I want to
see by your feet the world record
project was the high club
oh my god
the missing daughter I know it I go to
my camera Oh
surprise no I'm not even kidding when we
block the routine it turns on what what
oh we broke the machine are you kidding
me I'm actually gonna try it with myself
police rolling right now look at it yeah
I'll limit the bullets in the house
okay I don't like that yeah
no way no I got it he got it we're gonna
drop it
my nice dropping is dropping yeah we
gotta what we're rolling yeah it's not
that bad
it actually looks really nice I just
pulled my mama brandy rolling anyways
time to hit off your boys we actually go
really lucky winning that like tail okay
so the thing is right now our friends
quickly came and met us here we're going
to go out and have dinner together lawn
is actually taking my rolls-royce but
I'm humping into my friend's rolls-royce
Wraith oh yeah down check it out boys
this bad boy you guys know how much I
love the rolls-royce rate check out this
bad boy
I'll just look at the warning there for
the supercharged v12 engine go go go go
go basically the restaurant I'm going to
supposed to be closed right now but
we're trying to move me to go damn Bank
never try listen just let us in man let
us in okay this ah this place is so cool
yo we're literally ten minutes too late
for the food guys data so before we
leave this hotel guys I just want to
show you the swimming pools they have
over here were literally over here I've
told you this before guys they have like
these really cool villas and in between
every single villa they have swimming
pools whoa we finally made it over to a
restaurant that last eat guys check it
out BAM yes we made it to nuts right
guys they don't need to know they don't
need to know everything anyways check it
out guys these are the ribs over here
you have to be first right you just have
to eat okay let's go before we leave I
should show you something really cool
about our friends rolls-royce basically
on the paint there's like this
protection film and look what happens
they put water on it wha
it actually doesn't even stick to the
car at all so all the water literally
just instantly comes off hey listen
don't blow on the car listen chill too
as always a bit around today's lucky I
hope you've enjoyed it guys I'm
literally about to pass out so make sure
to smash the like button if you enjoyed
today's video click here to subscribe to
my channel click here to watch my last
video now see you guys tomorrow yeah the
yellow fine
