good morning guys welcome back to
another vlog I just stolen my brother's
camera cuz he's sleeping and I thought
you know what let me block him waking up
for you guys so let's go good morning
welcome to another vlog this is mo blog
in the house yo wake up brah wake up
you've been sleeping too long now we've
been awake for two hours now yeah
everyone what is love welcome to another
video so I'm gonna cut all of the
talking out I know you guys have clicked
on this video for one reason so that
further ado here is my new house a voice
check it out this is the new mold blows
crib as you can see you're ready no man
down oh okay think they got needs to go
big I need to go okay we just finished
packing guys I'll be right back you know
I promise you this is our house guys but
the guys are working on it just finished
so yeah they need to leave
yeah is our house I'm not even joking
guys so now that you've seen the outside
of the house it's time to take you into
the new crib guys so follow me let's go
so this is the back entrance guys so
we're actually gonna go take you around
the house to the front water
let's go that is the best part about
nothing I completely forgot to show you
guys
BAM 800 condom supercharged yeah alright
anyways as you can see I'm taking you to
the main entrance I check it out oh look
mom died and your auntie because this is
my house I'm not lying because I will
not come mom welcome it to my living Oh
as you can see this is the living room
voice we literally just moved in so it's
a little bit messy but bad like wait why
the hell do we have a little on the
childhood ok I'm sorry we just moved in
as no difficulty guys let me show you
the coolest part about this room guys
come check this out now behind me we
have the bathrooms ok and you heard me
right guys there's two bathrooms in here
guys that means two people can
simultaneously pee together yeah we also
have to hand washes I mean if people
can't wash on here you can wash your ass
two people compete now we're gonna move
on guys I'll just part one of the house
door Bowl check it out
No whoa whoa hey guys oh it's my friend
around the house we are starting my tour
from middle of fill out a richer just
like a second building or anything
we haven't already shows yet so we've
got sad I've got more bathrooms another
one we can take a Triple P out here head
down today house you got extra get the
damn cake down here yes oh my god all
right now time to take you through the
second I'm still my favorite part and
you can see why check this up as you can
see this is done the weird looks so
beautiful they're like made of crystals
I like the hotel like Serge's you see
where you say a million selfies Wow now
we're on to the next floor so what we're
going to show you it's not ready but
you're going to see like another lounge
in the middle you know there's only so
many cool surprises about this I have to
show you now first things first we've
got another living sort of living room
area upstairs but even cooler you're
never going to get this we actually have
a mini kitchen upstairs like in the
middle of the night you don't want to go
downstairs right and you're like no let
me heat up something you've got like a
little mini stove like what over there
like colors here everything like you can
have a mini fridge like I don't like to
get hungry 3 a.m. another look at if you
cook your own hand here oh wow yeah why
you turning on my hand bro I gotta show
you right side I thought I couldn't
believe in myself
you're doing the correct one guys this
is a mini stove upstairs this is like
I've never seen one of these in my life
whole household is a household exactly
what people need right what's out here
oh just story Jerry ok I'm going to
cooking with Lana
cookies I'm gonna have to write here
because my mom and mala don't have my
cooking skills always take it out here
all the disaster kitchen we can burn the
top wall now we're going to go ahead and
show you mold room that first Kitty was
walking on them
kitty hey so this is my room guys as
usual nothing's changed it's still a
mess everything will house turns out to
be the messenger but non company when
Monday's like it Wow people always bed
and then we have the mo blogs room I
actually got my old boss room which I'm
really happy about guys look at that on
private home on an ability guys hey we
can be here as well let's go to this is
mummy Muslim right now that are going to
show you much that our friends are back
through the golden Bruce as you can see
we've got to go leaving chandeliers
golden bed you know and this Kitty young
what the hell are you doing me night
coming up everywhere now the final room
I'm going to show you this is a bit of a
funny story okay it's actually a really
really huge like I swear I wanted to
give this room to my brother
yeah don't think I'm selfish right move
to my room I mean I turned offered it to
and mum was that you can fake it so I
kick it oh look what comes in my room my
sister's actually got a walk-in wardrobe
watching largers one of the cool things
with it include dollar 32 and 40
whatever room alright check out my
wardrobe
I'm going to treat one cool thing oh
that's cool to shoot sorry tries Wow how
many tears here my phone be a hundred
yes it should have been mine my size 1
wow this is a makeup table right here ok
now are you ready for the finale right I
don't think you expected this in the new
house but there is actually in I'm sure
there is a jacuzzi
check it out boys my sister's room has a
damn jacuzzi inside of it I spent money
most unloved guys we are sharing this
room I don't even care
this is on this door booking reservation
is Monday
Wow look at that we have to climb again
wow you can actually sit in your jacuzzi
Wow
our boys there you go that's my sister's
jacuzzi Rotel chairman overrun big day
if you click this button the colors
change in the jacuzzi oh I just cut it
now this is purple oh I'm done now I'm
done let's wrap this up guys this is the
whole house tour I hope you guys enjoyed
sit and oh yeah I also have a double one
here like one day I feel like washing
both hands together alright there you go
that is the view house tool and I hope
you enjoy it's time for you to leave the
mobile house
yeah this is how I'm going to be taking
out my guest okay come on
I was just for the video yeah you guys
I'm kidding I'm kidding
so right now we quickly came outside
guys because we actually haven't Ward
the grass out here so we need to do that
this might take a while because there's
a lot of grass guys okay let's get
massage the scars are so big I claims
find you good luck doing this everyday
bra guys today my brother's so
intriguing
I don't have boarded my life so why is
it a lie you're Waring your hand not the
grass guys Lana's killing the grass
right now are you trying to wash the car
or each one of wore some blunt so for
now we're heading out guys let's go and
see one from outside to be honest we've
been so busy and moving the past couple
of days I just want to leave I want to
leave the house and just be like that's
it I'm done okay so we just made it over
to the shopping center guys the thing is
I just found out that apparently Oberon
and cream are here so I'm gonna go check
out what they're doing at the same time
my mom is just I want to buy me some
gifts so they don't want me to be here
alright peace out I better buy something
nice okay get out the clothing store go
to Rolex and it will move you that we'll
meet up off there so right now me and my
mom are just buying some gift for my
brother yeah for his birthday
and my mom has picked out this Superman
shirt as you can see Superman shirt as
you can see um yeah I guess oh I mean
sorry mama
but yeah let's get in the batman shirt
batman more blood and look how expensive
the shirt was I'm only joking guys that
is the change as you can see so I just
put on Ron it turns out they actually
left the moon guys so I'm going to go
back and meet up with mommy maulana i
think they're here to eat so i'm going
to join them doing that we're going to
order some food right now with my mom
I'm happy almost coming soon that's
making me some sushi okay this is kind
of weird but I came to the bathroom
right now and I needed to show you guys
something and no it's nothing disgusting
but it's something I've never seen
before
check this out yeah I'm showing you the
bathroom but look at this like there is
some plastic cover on it and a planet is
like from cleaning system for like
hygiene and what you do is you kind of
put your hand over the sensor there so
yeah and this whole thing like replaces
and then you've got a new sheet check
that out oh but anyway I thought it was
pretty cool that they have this whole
new system where I like you don't need
to kind of seen the thing just on the
fridge until about five hours a point I
got some cool footage like baseball you
enjoyed yeah exactly
dude there's a more system I need to
show you so for now we're heading up
homeboys the thing is my mom and sisters
gift is in that packet so I'm going to
show you guys what it is once I get home
something the way what I wanna show the
way I find it's just a starter case here
oh my goodness look this is Wow
only good that is so guys that looks so
cool oh my god that is so adorable so
while we're leaving I actually met once
to awesome noticeboard
and he gave me a birthday present which
is really cool guys so once I go home
I'll show you what it is it's amazing
you so much and yeah my sister go that
yeah thank you so much this is so cute
oh my gosh yeah I took you love I like
that look who made it Oh guys we made a
home with teddy right now as you can see
Hey Teddy's his name fine well we're
gonna stick with that guys my cats have
got diarrhea right now
Wardell no you caught entries poopy he's
done he's done
haha are you kidding me no way he's
going for Round four
oh good so as always now that I'm
holding this a goodbye to what if you
here I hope you enjoyed today's look I'm
not even gonna lie for a second I was
about to fall asleep without saying
goodbye so I love you guys well I'll see
you guys two more for another epic look
and as always Galliano alright now I can
go to bed
