can you surprise happy birthday love you
Rihanna says be happy birthday video
Rihanna oh my god yo good morning
everyone and welcome to another vlog so
I literally just woke up I'm hella tired
by so I start the vlog here because the
people that are coming to pack up the
house have just arrived so they're
literally going to be taking all of the
furniture out within the next few hours
so yeah a few moments later this is what
our house looks like oh my goodness what
as you can see the whole place is full
of boxes and wow wow wow literally they
did it so quick I'm living a lie it's
only been about like maybe one to two
hours guys so they came in they packed
Lim bowling ball them up they want to
the thing is they actually have to come
back two more and move everything again
so yeah even though I cats are confused
what's going on oh my god everything is
becoming empty right now so I go okay I
couldn't came outside to show you the
truck with all of our luggage guys thank
you let me show you everything that's
going right now guys the thing is guys
this is actually their second trip to
the new house they went the first time
with all of the couches and stuff they
came back now they're taking like the
beds and now look at how I'm looking
down at the cars right now this is such
a cool angle right now for a photoshoot
but yeah alright let's jump down guys
and you know the boxes that I showed you
guys yesterday that is nothing compared
to how many they actually need guys if
you look at this they've literally been
bringing boxes and boxes and boxes yeah
I don't think they expected how many
things we had in the house but yeah the
house looks really empty echo I think
we're actually gonna sleep here tonight
so that's why we left the store
over here yes we're going to sleep in an
empty house which is kind of weird but
I'm gonna go take a shower stall C wants
the whole freshened up guys yo look
who's fresh boys I just couldn't win
into my shower right now we're heading
over to the new house boys so let's go
the car with the stuff is already gone
we need to go catch up hey bubbles
we're gonna have a new house today so
we're heading out right now we're about
to go to a new place my brother
we've been awake since like 7:00 moving
so yeah we're had a time right now
I see the police I got throat yeah I
know I just hope they don't think of you
too
we're trying our best to get there as
quick as possible against the guys were
already done so
we're now officially entering the new
house hey hey since we're here I feel
like it's a little unfair if I didn't
give you a sneak peek of this new house
so I'm only going to show you this much
right are you ready guys bang Oh
check it out this is the living room
area in this house guys as you can see
there's a lot of windows in here guys
being held there's like ten windows just
behind the sofa and then on this side
you have like the seating area guys but
yeah
as you can see this house is legit like
full windows Wow sunshine in there
alright I know this is probably a very
very dumb idea but I'm actually going to
go on the roof of the new house the
reason is there's like a crazy sunset
right now so I want to show you guys
okay can we do this with one hand okay
okay I'm trying to climb with one hand
right now
Oh oh my god this is so dumb we're doing
it we're cuz we're climbing a ladder
with one hand right I haven't even told
my sister I'm doing this but let's jump
oh my god alright I made it
damn are you ready to see one of the
best views of your life right now guys
check this out oh my God look at that
view right now guys now that is what you
call amazing okay before my sister
freaks out to where I am I'm gonna go
back down guys
so yeah
I went up it's actually really easy to
climb my sister is actually gonna join
me I thought you were gonna kill me once
you find out oh she's coming guys Lana's
coming breaking your Kimmy do you trust
me right now she made it she made it go
look at the view right now now we can
jump off our own roof it's a nice place
to do some stuff for future alright I'm
telling you from now I'm gonna jump off
this roof some way or another I'm not
lying it's happening your butt is dirty
I'm gonna go back down right now guys
are you ready yeah
going down is the scary part in II like
God let me go now let me lean back yeah
I want to do those artistic you know
show you but though I say if you let me
go up dead you know that
I know but you're crazy okay come and
come back I'm back up mine Ukraine our
not doing bad guys okay we'll do it hold
on can you it mom see what you're doing
we're gonna go down guys go go go go I'm
holding off for my dear life right now
I'm holding on God Lana's coming down
right now just don't fall okay so why is
she why she's stressing so much guys
you're not like you're going to head
back home guys everything made it here
safety there is actually still a couple
of things that need to come through
tomorrow morning it's going to be like
the final day of moving but yeah as you
can see literally everything made it
here and what's even cooler guys look at
this my shoes made it here I look out
nicely they packaged it up guys BAM
yellow yellow a everything is under here
yeah so we ended up staying here has
been a little bit longer than expected
because we were actually going around
looking up all the lights that we needed
to replace and everything so right now
I'm finding heading up all my sisters
locking the doors so we can go yeah is
it the right key guys we literally have
like so many keys for this place we
don't even know which one it is a lot
more blocks house are you in there yeah
you can't even see it's not even like a
not even like a gloss what
our boys do we finally made it back home
and little Ricky is sleeping right now
what the hell she literally on top of
the boxes I guys I'm gonna open it whoa
whoa okay we took my bed
you took my house you took everything
why did she look like a cat from those
like cat donation videos with one
delivery but you can help get this cat a
new home before I came and I actually
found this on my Mustang guys it's a
packet that is to Molech a so time to
see what's inside I can see it from here
is it a chilling with you whoa that look
so so close to your face like behind me
that is perfect
Oh who did this the machine are you
kidding me it's real bro it's real oh my
but this is too HD can we see that
I'm rejected from shinola working in
Dubai I'm watching your vlogs I like it
very much
well there you go thank you to rejects
for sending that in that is crazy in
here twin that's not the resemblance so
right now what am i home I'm watching
this dreamer could gross score on
YouTube so we're gonna try and calm it
until he reads our comment okay so let's
see how this goes mo you brung what the
fuck no really
my son would both love with him he has 3
million subscribers a lot of joking no
dude these your car no is that your cars
are bad what is that a Bugatti or
something you guys are watching a stream
keep from goodbyes I wonder whatever -
yeah that's what what are you part of
drawing lexingto the body get a Ferrari
no you know what your favorite strong
soul should be listen listen just wait
but mate listen listen a Ferrari on
Gayatri
oh no did you see that guys I don't know
why I love it when I see other youtubers
reacting to me issues it's so fun you
know what I mean one more thing after
show I just saw the guy who won the
giveaway has uploaded a video right now
who would happy birthday Moe blog so
let's check it out together guys dun dun
dun dun this is my grandma's birthday
that was a loud party but other sadler
just a happy birthday to me happy
birthday
the other says be happy birthday video
Rihanna oh my god Jonathan either of you
guys remember I met her a couple months
ago yeah as you can see good friends of
mine a van for like five seconds well
that's my plank you get the hell out of
here
what the hell so yeah basically we don't
actually have beds for tonight's show
we're gonna have to figure out where
we're going to sleep on the floor I
think cardboard makes a good bed right I
mean why not so as always I'm going to
say good night so it'll be here I hope
you've enjoyed today's launch so more is
gonna be another crazy day I think
tomorrow we should officially be fully
moved into the new house so I'll see you
guys then as always I love you guys all
and yes galeano bye
