yo everyone what is up welcome to
another book so we're starting out the
day a little bit different all the
cardboard boxes just go to our house and
if you don't know we're moving house so
we're gonna get some packing done today
okay the thing is this is not all of the
colored boxes you actually have a ton
more coming in guys so damn check it out
your boy is moving out yeah we're going
to do some packing today but what I
think we I mean my mom and sister
because I'm going to get a haircut right
now so maybe so the thing is today I'm
actually gonna go finally have my hair
cut and we're done
yesterday I went but my barber wasn't in
and you know when you just don't trust
anybody else to touch your hair yeah
that's me I'm that guy like you if my
guys not in today I'm coming back
another day so hopefully he's there
today and we can get the beard sorted
out so the weather is actually really
really nice today so I think I'm gonna
bring down the roof guys I'm gonna do it
guys Yolo Yolo the roof has to come off
ah I like that another good idea to
drive with your camera on the dashboard
right anyways let's head out and have a
good day our points by finding me - over
here guys
time to get my hair cut ready yo
yo your boy finally finished up with the
haircut hey hey looking old fresh and
brand new so the thing is I quickly
stopped over at the supermarket because
you guys know how much I love my crisps
okay I got some corn and cocktail I know
that's a really rich flavor like
everybody asked me how'd you like that
like isn't that disgusting no no it's
actually really nice right now I'm
actually hanging out here I'm going to
see sigan so she's back into my my I
know these guys he came back to Dubai
and he actually flew back out to London
again and now he's back so since is he
other you know what before he leaves
again I need to go catch up with and see
what he's up to
I had to stand in like a 10-minute queue
just to get his mom pack here Chris so
yeah okay let's go before anybody comes
and tells me off oh boy
look we have over here oh good our voice
so check it out I just made it over here
to miss this guy get in the building
you saw his entourage when I came here
they quickly went upstairs to get ready
but check it out mr. Bugatti they call
me Billy billionaire down anyways how
long you been back I think lost leg you
go by last night right now we're
actually gonna head out to eat and we're
gonna play basketball later on but yeah
Bru you see fresher color fresh car hey
can I keep the Bugatti
I'll trade I'll give you a Mustang plus
some money okay
I'll make some money yeah some money
great to go yep I love that case oh my
god the laptop blue beach ball stock
ball start the saiga Nyjah is a story of
when he was in New York somebody
recognized him and let them know what
happened
Wow I love you Seahawks literally
shoutout MO I love you easy horse to
sigan is exactly like Charlotte's videos
for the New York this is sigan oh my god
guys oh my god they're about to hit the
Bugatti no like a little train Wow
it's a tram it's a train tram so right
now we're waiting for it to get here as
you can see Hey they got here it got
here guys oh it's all arson it's not a
fail
okay the fruit came back it was ours it
was all guys they got some meat and some
salad as you can see we have some live
music in the background as well so it's
a good day because we're going to
clearly eat and head over to play
basketball as you can see your boy I
always get to stuff have you tried this
by the way what is it it's honey chicken
try it I swear it's the nicest thing
ever and I everybody doubts me well it's
nice let's see it's good it's good
check it out we have live music over
there
live music it's so zoomed in right now
my man
we build up our stomachs right now we're
about to go empty it now actually we're
gonna do it we're not going to NZ we're
gonna go exercise it off there's
actually a crazy lineup of cars right
now so as you can see the blue guy is
here but there's like a whole line so
you got a Porsche over here three Rolls
Royces and then on the other side
there's a Lamborghini and a rolls-royce
thank you high voice for now we're
heading out that was crazy
Wow the attention this car gets it just
yet because I I did yes this is the car
guys down literally they're like 15 you
around the car and I was just like so
America like alright get in the car get
in the car get in the car
like photoshoot day the thing is that's
how long no it was the car just go you
got to the car that's what they love you
that and what show some love in his
comments for stuff for some change I
want to see loving and comedy hi guys if
you love me say you love me yeah I don't
I love you got a few thousand I love you
they've done something good enough -
bring the Bugatti right now this thing
has no power right now do 1,001
horsepower Wow
guys my belly feels weird we just ate
you can't do that
okay hi so you finally made it back over
to the board you're about to go play
basketball but before we do I shall let
you know something about Bugattis that
you may have not known guys did you know
every Bugatti they made they lost around
six million dollars per car go and check
your own Google so each car they sold
they lost 6.2 million dollars on now
what type of company loses money to
Saigon
honestly I think it was just for the
publicity they made this car so
something you didn't know when sigan
bought this car volkswagen lost six
million dollars so Sam I'm sorry all
that information you lose all that money
guys I don't know what's going on down
there Hey what is going on in the
basketball field and my crew is it crazy
I make a shot for the vlog
why is the topic until one but they're
like this might make the shot for the
vlog please oh my ha ha ha ha
the first one wasn't enough yeah how
does the joke doesn't joke guys
hi this is also I guess successes focus
never never getting out we're going to
play some basketball right now guys so
I'll probably catch you off to the game
and yeah you guys are running with Sky
do you remember him we have DJ Neptune
over here the legend Drake what's the
big names you've worked it before Bronte
kendall Jenner Hindu gender in Dubai oh
yeah if you have any nice girls like
that kind next time maybe I'll jump
all right let's go voice 3v3 black
versus white so let's go
future NBA players like an option now I
made it go up
I'm in one go through I'll attended it
with me
yeah it's too windy
so easy just holding with one hand the
other hand is the camera and then you
just go like no you know my guys are
lucky thing Goodson Epstein's going to
go take a shot that's true for the
three-pointer my first choice out of any
guy because it's not over you
where's your fake this might be the
longest vlog ever yeah we're customers
besides we took about 50 shots missed
all but it's all good I don't know how
we just recorded seven minutes of
nonsense
we missed every shot in seven minutes so
I think it's the wind if I don't make it
short in three Chomsky's I'm going to
delete my youtube channel again whoa
if you do hit you get eighty thousand
likes and the top comments I will come
in some do it for yourself you work so
hard for your channel
okay okay yes two more slides left you
said it you got to do it oh my god one
last one left you have to delete this
last life all right all right or 80,000
like and we still have move logs so what
do you think the key to success is in
basketball before your throat Oh
Henry's voice for now we're done over
here at basketball we're going to head
out while we play by at least two hours
guys but at least we made some shots oh
that's all that matters teach you idiot
he has a mechanical arm in there so it
doesn't count
anything he hit it's a metal arm in this
hoe sigan is reacting to my video right
now Hey the crystal is on another level
who doesn't check this out Bonnie its
speckle in the building guys this is how
it started my youtube channel back in
the day started from the but anyways
boys for now I'm heading out futuristic
goodbye to Saigon you very much until
next time always welcome obviously my
man Neptune peace out BAM yo check this
out guys we actually have to send this
out for the giveaway so yeah we're
quickly packaging this up for the guy
who wanted there you go as you can see
full wrapped up ready to go alright okay
let's not forget the PlayStation the
place the PlayStation needs to be in the
box before you send it out there you go
PlayStation is good to go Oh
this is as far as we've gone with
packing right now oh my goodness guys
what the hell we have a moving box the
most important things I have are the
play button so we need to make sure they
stay safe guys okay it is so heavy oh oh
we're going to put it back in the box it
came in if you guys remember look at
this damn there's no so weird oh my god
1 million subscribers
that is awesome and then here goes the
box and now we're ready to rule boys
again all I need this is all I needed
mini house do you know what the best
part about packing is you see the stuff
you don't normally look at guys so right
now we quickly put my watch case in here
guys and this is just so cool look at it
but I don't think I've shown you my
lighters for like forever guys I
actually collect liars so I have a bunch
of really really cool liars over here
damn look at that I don't know why I'm
actually going to be doing this guys but
I want to see if I can watch myself with
this salad paper cake nothing honestly
I'm doing oh my god this is the world's
longest wax strip can you guys see that
look at all of that hair on this Senate
ape as always boys I'm going to say
goodbye to the future I hope you enjoyed
today's look tomorrow is gonna be a
crazy day so I need to go get ready for
that by the way just in case you don't
know which I'm pretty sure a lot of
people don't I'm doing a giveaway of
these snapchat glasses so the only rule
is going yesterday's video and comment
something funny that's it ok so cover
something funny
and subscribe to the channel if you want
to make me happy and yeah as always I'll
see you guys tomorrow
I love you all yellow yellow bye
