yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another vlog so today I'm actually going
to be starting off the blog a little bit
differently now I want to be honest with
you guys
I've changed yeah I know that I'm just
not me anymore
and the thing is I don't know what to do
about it
so today I'm going to react to the
original mold love's okay the mold logs
before all the fame and subscribers this
is hits bet k oh yeah still near water
$29.99
in fact we're going to see what I was
like three years ago okay a lot of
videos I had a lot of videos I do today
the first video is like 500 subscriber
QA manager oh hey oh my god god the
company we hit 500 subscribers anyway
got the sponsor has got respect I'm
going to be answering questions that you
guys want to down below are using every
day the guy sounds like I'm trying to
put on an accent how I never get high
school games
toodaloo what booty Black Swan Renata
Real Madrid is why I start making
YouTube videos my start just cuz I
wanted people to see my content and I'm
wanting to interact with people other
than my school friends and not - oh yeah
I'm vision for unite I don't want to
told my school friends anymore
yeah do I look like this life under the
cooperage you are they our new friends
when I business anyways guys hopefully
you enjoyed this Q&A with its back Kay
oh oh
the man himself basic you know there you
go that was one of my videos back in the
big I like obviously watching need
almost gave me a heart attack this is
how bad they are but there's one more
video I want to react to right now okay
so the video I'm about to pull up is the
first ever video me and my sister
wearing together all right
oh yeah ready boys this is crazy right
here this is cringy oh here's the video
- no yeah
or the talk give me another 1,000
subscribers I was thinking over the
corner I don't know what this are you
guys pay attention to my sister's face
she looks like she's being like held
hostage like help me we should go to
long as China right now yeah oh my god I
got NYCHA Gary message found on 8 July
house oh my god did I get that camera
what is she doing she's literally
videoing the water who's Vicki who's
Vicki I think so oh no dog don't forget
your job we don't forgive we don't
forget
I'm kind of scared right now there's one
more video I want to show you guys this
is when YouTube started blowing up for
us okay my sister took on chaos I okay
sighs I do battle mine's better oh my
god anything oh my god
but all of the reasons I added by the
end in case cares my soft I want to be
rose I don't know
okay side you Katya peace there you go
boy that is the old bold ones a lot of
rose I thought I just show you how we
used to be so let me know who do you
like more those guys are us III don't
know by the way guys we actually found
key yeah it's so happy to have her back
I basically if you haven't watched
yesterday's video she got lost guys but
super late at night we ended up finding
her she came back to the door I'm coming
okay okay so the thing is for the past
week you guys have been seeing me go
exercise a lot but I can't even like you
the bank has messed me up so bad like
ever since they sent me this cake I
can't stop eating it so you know what
your bank I love you guys thank you so
much for sending me these cakes but they
just taste great if you want to send
anything banks tender cupcakes cupcakes
with a nice sauce know which sauce are
you shaking your leg while talking do
you have anger management's right now
I'm actually going out to finally get my
hair cut dumb boys I don't when I need
my hair for a week I look like a tramp
jeezum what people have that hairstyle
so don't call me I don't what it's dark
on man I don't like this is the look
people go for vine before I head out to
go get my hair cut boys I want to show
you a new handshake me and my mom have
are you ready good Oh
I'm just on my xbox oh my visited up
whoa
what type of front-flip was that my name
is Dorian I buy all right so now that
I'm here boys I'm going to quickly go
and get my hair cut so I'll see you once
I'm looking fresh let's go yo our voice
so check it out your boy just finished
with his haircut y'all I don't know what
it is every time I shave my face my face
starts to little bread because after
they put like what is it cool what's the
day for Osprey shave off versus it's
good often ticket but yeah when they put
your office shave on it Birds
like honestly you feel like you're about
to die before I head out of here I want
to show you this like gym store they
have over here they've got like a bunch
of really cool stuff like these tires
over here this one's 88 pounds and the
one at the bottom is like 170 that's
that's like more than how much I weight
gym equipment is something you should
probably never buy for your house
because as soon as it's in your house
you're never going to work out that's it
like you're never going to work out so
check it out boys look who finally made
it here
jjang jjang jjang yeah look at this boys
get out before they talk yeah that is a
look at this score they have over here
whoa
I know it's a it's a panda girl that car
is so dope boys I can't even lie now I
want to do a design on my car maybe it
can be a tiger I don't know guys check
this out they actually sell dinosaur
balloons over here okay so my sister's
actually never been to this sneaker
store they have over here the cool thing
about this sneaker stores they have
gloves these are the Nike ultra boost
rapid-fire 2.0 I made it up come over to
you and show you one thing okay Kanye
West's clothing liner whoa geez you just
jumped over drama huh oh my god it's a
mini mall guys they literally have a bus
here oh my god that is so cool
ah that looks so cool come on look you
should get it you know what I love about
this story I have like oh your childhood
memory oh no way don't keep me young
what are the extra votes they're looking
at like that this is like so high like
yo where are we going bro what if it's a
ride and honey it's Terrance on
upholstery I don't know if we're
supposed to be here or not we're
literally entering a castle yo you're
hoping values where are you going
I honestly have no idea where we're
going right now run run run my sister
finally found a husband right now
if I'm the only man they'll put up with
your shit
that kid is walking a bunny Lyra oh
you're the bunny I like I kicked it
Savage okay so I just found the coolest
thing you're ever going to see bang down
now in case you're wondering what I'm
showing you this is a dress made out of
bully chocolate over here makeup Wow
produce using Coco berries ever okay
that does not sound anything from
touching drop by the way shout out to my
man Bahadur over here he watches the
videos and he's giving me a sample of
chocolate guys so BAM which one's the
best let me know what do you think milk
chocolate I guys are gonna try this
actually is really nice I probably
shouldn't be in chocolate before I eat
my food but one more really cool thing
they have over here look at this now in
case you're wondering what this is this
wall that basically had to bottom you
pay and chocolate comes down so over
here if you can see this you put money
in there you press the button BAM and
then this machine starts making you
chocolate here goes nothing boys let's
see what this makes everybody step back
oh it's moving it it's moving
Halla demos is that that's moving
chocolate whoa-oh-oh
I think the chocolate is now ready boys
guys is there anything in there oh oh
yeah oh no the chocolate angels sent us
a chocolate right now Wow so I actually
ended up making everybody come over to
Nando see the thing is it's chicken so
it's protein I think it's good for us by
the way shout out to my man actually
over here just let him from the UK right
and they said whenever I go to UK
they're going to hook me up with some
jewellery and stuff so I'm coming for
that Julie all right we just finished
eating right now but shout out to this
lady over here she is that the other yo
she always watches the videos Gang Gang
Gang we out here anyways peace out I'll
see you next time okay she's so fly here
she's so awesome every time I come here
some super nice and stuff we finally
made it home boys let's look up this bad
boy check this out BAM oh did one of
these look you guys saw that what this
hair shoes last week if you don't know
these shoes go for two thousand dollars
online rush you my friend don't worry I
got my plug two thousand dollars yeah
don't work where oh don't worry about
what I bought them so these shoes are
apparently supposed to be go so you have
to charge it with light you have to
charge them white so no
so cool I just don't get it like awesome
work Hey look at that
are you kidding me and white is a torch
on these shoes they literally close so
much more guys so check this out whoa
BAM
holy moly anyways there you go in case
you guys are wondering I think this is
now the most expensive shoes Ireland so
for my cabinet is actually getting here
that means I'm gonna have a cabinet of
shoes from now on yeah I'm not sure
about your continent I might have
blocked this number by mistake I swear I
don't know nothing about trying to call
me I didn't know who I was I've blocked
the number guys are gonna say good night
to all of you here in today's video by
the way without the Nando's the kid gave
me this one pound coin I'm not sure if
you guys can see this but this is the
new UK one pound no I mean coin I mean
coin anyways as the words I say I love
everything you wanted you thank you so
much for supporting the channel show
your squad for life we out your boys
don't forget to subscribe if you want to
enter to win a MacBook Pro and as always
I'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah leo no buh
