I turn around Oh
yo yo everyone what is up welcome back
to another video so today I'm actually
gonna be pranking my sister's so as you
can see this is her Lamborghini but
today I thought you know what it doesn't
look very special does it so I'm gonna
be using post-it notes to complete the
car oh my god no it's fine
y'all love me this is so cool it
actually looks nicer now you know by the
way let me know what your thoughts are
cuz honestly I think I've actually made
her car look nicer like if somebody did
this to my car I'd actually kind of be
happy because it looks that cool so yeah
yeah guys my god I did do my sister's
rims right now this is what you call
balls i boy so check it out it's been
like 20 minutes and as you could see my
sister's car is full of post-it notes
let's go and bring my sister down stead
and yeah let's see what she thinks about
this guy's she's in a room watching your
videos right now so let's go yeah I
actually have a surprise for you right
now okay okay but you have to close your
eyes to see it no come come I'm actually
going to really nice surprise for you
come don't worry
you did trust me I'm not going to do it
we're really close by not yeah we're
really really good move be careful okay
I know you wanted a new car for a really
long time a new car are you ready for
your surprise I turn around
oh that is no good I just
I bet it's amazing but it's not
permanent but it's cool whoa how does it
take it students actually didn't even
think that long if you're like 20
minutes it's actually really awesome
even the Rams conman business said yeah
you're so down maybe I should have won
guys look old one I want to drive it
like this you can do go break son let's
go children die goodbye bye that's all
you okay I'm at school I'm not going to
thing is my sister's I should really
enjoy the car now Frank was happy it
looks like a rainbow anyways here goes
nothing boys my sister's going to drive
the car inside the garden let's see what
happens to all the post-it notes they go
boys and that is the car if we try to
get the posted notes off by driving it
but I don't think it actually works so
yeah so beautiful okay now my car is
getting mad bro look at the mouth posted
notes are on her car right now this is
legit gonna take forever so you know
what let's start helping out guys all
right I will there you go boys that was
the time Ragini posted no Frank I hope
you enjoyed it the thing is I know
you're probably like why haven't you
taken off the ribs no they're staying
like that k they look cool they look
cool so yeah I know it sums up the video
if you enjoyed it it's still not over
cuz we have a whole lot to go let's do
this oh yeah boy I don't know why she's
doing this
those are the coolest parts wow you're a
savage bro I know you prank me but that
only means one thing I'm gonna crank you
back whoa I'm shivering I'm shivering
guys to go break me back guys anyways
very good way that was my small little
prank on my sister I she never said this
but good morning welcome back to another
vlog everybody fam starting out the day
with a strong little prank
Sun Hat we got her mommy we got a
high-five
boom yeah yo boy so he quickly went and
changed up so the thing is today I'm
actually going to be dropping off the
rolls-royce Wraith know so you guys
don't know this is not my car just been
borrowing it for the past week and it's
time to go and give it back guys that
means that rash you're gonna be driving
both the Rolls Royces today so let's go
gang gang gang look at this boys my mom
is hopping into the rolls-royce eh
yo they're leaving me I'm going in the
race they're both taking my ghost Wow
all right ready to go yeah
yo so check it out boys we find evader
here to the verge LRA's okay so check it
out boys right now I'm at the virtual
Arab as you can see there look at this
view right now so the Rolls Royce is
officially gone but I mean at least we
drop it up over here oh this is pretty
here the war okay basically these are
the songs that the last person put on
the car and I don't really know them all
right voice yo check it out look who I
made it over soon what is wrong with you
guys with that song anyways as you can
see my boy Washington is done look at
his new t-shirt you got from America
yeah yeah I so the thing is right now
we're gonna go have dinner at my place
guys but while I miss this car man oh my
god they call it money Mayweather en
blanc girl always I want no guys this is
how a non slided your girls diem so down
in the field so down he goes down and
steal right now we're heading out to
play some soccer yeah we're on a 90 day
transformation right now yeah we're
doing our best right now to lose weight
so we're gonna come every single day and
play football
don't worry I'm not gonna bore you guys
by blogging us play football I know you
guys don't want to see that yeah I broke
what I think you're like you're like the
worst man ever look good yeah nice table
yeah that's my fear yeah we just
finished playing football right now all
of us are completely dead like we don't
play for two hours they've turned off
the pitches because that's how long
we've been here anyways for now we're
heading out so let's go the reason we're
doing exercises honestly to get a
six-pack soon so
we're working hard on the six-pack right
now okay so the thing is right now I
actually want to react to a video that
my friend sent me now you guys should
know Janna Mize he's one of my friends
and he's been on the blogs before
basically and one of his videos they
were doing a segment where they're
reading comments and yeah a lot of the
comments were about my but yet yet my
but guys so without further ado I want
to react to his video in front of you
guys so let's see what they said about
my awesome house all looking right right
when because Todd's brother Vic you know
you guys are legit savages now what the
hell like every time I meet up with
anybody else their comment section is
always about me having a thought anyways
just to make things clear guys no I have
not had surgery on my butt I don't know
why I need to say this is it like what
nice so while I was out our cat key is
actually gone missing right now so right
now me and my mum are quickly going to
go check in the street with like a torch
to see if we can find her so yeah okay
so we've been searching for key for the
past like 10 minutes boys and there's
literally no sign of her on the street
but you know what's crazy look at some
of the houses in our area I think this
is abandoned I'm not even sure guys it
looks really spooky so yeah I mean look
at the windows
guys I don't know where my mom's looking
she thinks that she might have ran under
these gates and stuff mommy let's go I
don't think we should be here
say goodbye to the PC I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog but yeah as always I love
you guys love seed some more on another
ethnic blog don't forget I'm doing a
MacBook Pro giveaway where the only rule
is to subscribe to the channels to go
down the road and subscribe by the way
let me know what other pranks you want
me to put on my family and we'll try and
do that yeah I love you guys we'll see
you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo bye
