if I hit this bullet you guys will have
to subscribe right now
oh I sad
yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
a very very special video so today we
have a very special person back on the
vlog bound on are here all the way from
the United States this guy has been up
to like crazy things while he's been
gone he met DJ Khaled the bulb lucky for
him he did a decent success he brought
it back to divine right now she's like a
litter box salute when I color Dubai
it's going to be legendary on historic
big of all my people of all my people
out here I want to give a shout out to
do box with me a favorite send this
throughout the whole debacle Dubai
nothing love I'm walking out this colors
coming soon I'm come ashore he's a good
guy anyway today we're about to head out
so let's go we have the golden child
back in Dubai so we're keeping him here
man we're keeping him here this time
away ain't going nowhere now boy see
what I want to do
again fuck nigga Wow so since my boy raw
shit is back from America I want him to
have some cloth talk with you guys okay
he's learned a lot while he was there
they'll take over the boy just tell them
what's up man
so some guys never judge a person if you
never met them
like I never judge anybody like he jihad
like if you meet like DJ hard also he's
really humble Fat Joe everybody's humble
so never judge anybody before meeting
them like all the people who hits more
everybody has it as never likely to be
doesn't meet them you know like most one
of the guys I was around your are did
you get a knee problem I understand you
got enough liquid because of the speed
or dislike the video
oh oh in case you're wondering where we
are we actually gave to play trouble
today at the proper pitches so let's go
this place looks so ghetto it's like
pushing metal doors it's a warehouse of
football pitches we go for like Oh free
Wi-Fi
let me comment you I know Korean Asia
hasn't been on the boat for like years
now so don't worry you still here alive
and he pops is a family know me do they
I'm sorry I'm Barbara so we just
finished a full game of football guys we
were literally dead basically my team
won twice so that's what you need to
know then Who am I
serene setting out man pshaw high-five
but I am mentioning the fact that you
just flipped like the boat like guys I
just did three ball flips in a row fuck
you have to send me that with any five
in a row
every time you press try
hey Peter Audrina corner hey cookie suck
it up I'm in a row ah hold it show the
hi change you want on all day right
tired of seeing you change actually show
you guys how I change I pretty much was
a world record for I everybody alright
hey what the hell what saw while we
stagger give any bigoted famine
yes tissue hi guys okay record it there
I got basically see I've not just scream
done those guys you're angry are you
gonna crawl out of here mo yeah you a
lead hula and the car wasn't me Quran is
so talented he was playing football with
those sandals the whole game he was her
punting it the whole game that big
boohoo so why are we blogging his feet
right now now a second goodbye to Kareem
bye bye we're gonna deal with you if you
come with us be pensive oh god no bro
what's happening out of here bye bye
well if you can unlock mine you know
haha did you hear what he said
okay so right now damn damn balling out
here man hey I'll make it rain on me
please won the fight hey bro bro bro
chill chill it is - calm down man
ASA calm down man don't worry about it
give me that what I was a lot longer I
laugh oh no no no I'm not kidding when I
tell you this somehow every bolt is I've
been hitting right yeah I can't lie if I
hit this bullet you guys will have to
subscribe right now oh I glad I thought
subscribe right now why did you have to
come a say I'm the boss guys comment -
the boss yo guys look at this Hummer
right now the size of the rims are
bigger than my car yo uh yeah I'm
vlogging your abuse by the way don't try
though yeah I got that I got that what
he hits me being I'm hangry right now
okay so right now he came over to this
restaurant it's basically like got like
a traditional vibe to it so you still on
the floor and you eat your food it's
really really amazing guys look at non
toes over don't get that near the food
don't please see me chill bro chill
chill chill check it out this is the
food they have over here it is so
delicious it's amazing your foot is in
the budget bro your foot is into the
booth at non thing she's at home right
now we're at a restaurant bro what the
hell this guy's sleeping on the floor
what is it nice oh yeah baby so
basically just what you do you take a
hand when you feel the chicken off and
then BAM this is your spoon right here
we just finished eating boys as you can
see this is what happens after you eat
too much guys rush it's all it's a new
problem that's why you sleeping guys
Rasha Rasha dead at nons over here
ladies
dude you're broke get up you look like
you're dead I swear they're gonna come
arrest us get up ah we made a lot of
loud voice you know that feeling when
you be in too much and you're still
alive yeah there's one thing I have to
show you next to this restaurant and
it's parked alone why is there McLaren
here no I actually said to him to get
McLaren no I don't like your suggestions
Oh
anyways check it out Lloyd there's a
recline over here by itself is actually
very very nice oh my goodness it just
happens new car I listen so we going
back to my place sounded exactly right
and um it's not alone there yeah for now
everybody's heading out boys were saying
goodbye Roger oh there goes Ross head
get out my car bro get out my car bro we
doing some especially enough people
keeping I used to go get out on beeping
again this is I saw beeping again by
ninety one thing going on I bye I hate
that guy our voice I finally made it
home after a very long day every time I
go play sports I feel good because I
know I've done something good with my
day but at the same time I feel like
she's like I feel so bad right now cuz
I'm dying right now I just made it over
to mommy well in case you guys are
wondering what's on her neck basically I
don't actually know what happened to my
mom's neck but I think it might be
fractured or something like basically
the reason why she's wearing it is her
neck hurts a lot so she's got a neck
brace plus a back brace because that's
what they told her to wear so check it
out guys I don't know man hopefully she
gets better is it hurting a lot or a
little a lot damn good are you good
so you guys know that I love my sneakers
right my boy Imran is the plug basically
there was one pair of sneakers that I
wanted
and your boy hooked it up so thank you
your man I love you check it out
BAM he was actually able to find these
three guys oh look at this gold-plated
certificate guys in case you still don't
know what it is let's quickly open it
damn these are the pinnacles guys so if
you don't know these shoes are actually
gold-plated real gold plated guys uh Wow
I actually call wait to put this in my
collection it's just beautiful look at
it and in case you're wondering what my
shoe cabinet is actually on its weight
here to our house if you haven't
forgotten I went and I bought myself two
cabinets but my shoes is so I think they
should get here by the end of the week
hopefully okay so yeah I actually have a
lot of shoes to put into the cabinet I
can't wait to see how it turns out you
know don't get me wrong it's nothing
like my boy Rogers collection like no
don't even compare us through a gate I'm
like baby sneaker collector he's here I
baby here perfect it is super crazy now
that my boy rock shirt is back now like
when he was America he did some crazy
stuff like he met DJ cannon like a bunch
of other celebrities man it was just
crazy
like I technically know dj khaled now
because you know he's a friend of a
friend yeah yeah you guys gonna think of
it that way so my friend's friend is DJ
Khaled and my other friend is related to
DJ Khaled Fadden so I'm technically like
besties with him right now another one
who's uh anyways boys as always I'm
going to say good night to all of you
here I know today I didn't really vlog
much I kind of just went out on exercise
but as I mentioned I'm trying to get
myself back into shape so if that means
I'm going to sacrifice a little bit
vlogging I'm gonna do that just for my
own help because you guys know I've
gained a lot of weight since I started
vlogging you know just to prove to you
how skinny I was before
trust me when I used to have a gaming
channel BAM yes as you can see I used to
be super skinny in the face and
everything guy so yes I know I've gained
a lot of weight I'm trying to do zit and
I actually think I'm doing a pretty good
job like it okay yeah we're working on
it we're working on it but yeah as
always I love you guys though don't
freak out doing a MacBook Pro giveaway
so if you want to win make sure to
subscribe and go comment down below
something nice you know maybe something
saying no you're the best
I love you I don't know it could be
anything but yeah I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow and yeah hopefully
mummy mo gets better with her neck brace
right yo my high five Sam all right I
love you guys low low so you got some
more darling your low
