you know we were like hanging out a lot
this week I have like feelings really I
dunno I just freaky I really like yeah I
like you too like but it's not like that
way listen before today's we do starts I
want all of you to like the video for
good luck guys smash the like button
right now hey yeah anyways what is up
everyone welcome back to another
beautiful day here in Dubai here's the
thing today it was actually raining guys
so the cars are a little bit wet if you
guys can see that what here's the thing
guys today is my friend Marines lost day
here in Dubai so right now we're
actually gonna go see what she's up to
and yeah we're just gonna spend some
time with her because Tamar she's
actually leaving the country so yeah
alright let's go and let's have some fun
guys and I'll see you on the other side
whoops
oh my god okay so right now I just made
it to the Mahler and
not unary the car the car hi guys so
check out who we have marinas here today
what's up that's you're lost in Dubai no
no guys so basically I pulled up and I
just saw that she just came with this
car like I'm damn no you know a
Lamborghini would suit you so much yeah
I think this is your car
so yeah as you can see right now we just
made it over to the shopping center it's
nourish lawn stay here guys um I'm a
mister this is the first time I've hung
out with a youtuber this much she's
blogging more like guys I always told
you like if a girl is luggable then i'ma
go why right now he just came to eat
some food guys and we are back at the
same place as yesterday but this time
this time we're alone
because the thing is I was absolutely
starving we quickly came to have some
kebab over here
listen it's her last day here in Dubai
two more she's actually heading back to
Sweden it's weird but I actually have
been to Sweden before cuz I have family
that lived there and this was like five
six years ago so who knows maybe I'll go
visit my family soon fly me to Sweden
you're offering to fly me to Sweden
anyways right now we literally just
finished eating our food so let's go do
something fun I don't know
shopping ah ah okay so now that we're
done eating right now we're about to do
a Challenge game Narine has five minutes
to buy anything she wants buy anything
for the vlog oh yeah I'll let you get
anything you want here one minute one
minute alright guys so basically the
game is right now it's on Marian it's
her last day so she has one minute
anything she wants three two one go five
seconds come on come on Doreen four on
twenty seconds and she has a whole
outfit already to hit the deck
guys she's on thirty seconds right now
five seconds than five seconds left
and your time is done done time is up
time is yeah you got this I'll let you
have that why what happens five minutes
at the end of the challenge is where she
got she got is this a skirt look what is
that dress is skirt guys so she got a
skirt a t-shirt like I said this is like
a matching thing and she also got some
like these are like some fake Burberry
pants here's the thing right now is she
said now I have one minute and she'll
buy me anything anything whatever you
want are you sure okay my ready
I want minute I don't think anything
whatever you want three two one go this
is all good okay anyway whenever you're
why
oh those nice 20 seconds by the way 3 2
1 yeah I mean look at me just leave the
challenge no need to do it so guys more
he's right there he's training the first
t-shirt you are bra so you guys so I
pick 7 t-shirts how many did I buy one 1
t-shir out of the 7 guys that's the only
one I got
thank you oh you picked on one Wow
cheater the shopping challenge yo I
picked 7 t-shirts and I only ended up
liking one she picked three items and
she got four instead like how is that
fair she picked one after the challenge
thank goodness you know I want this one
is ours a fine anyways here's the thing
guys right now I'm actually quickly
heading off home because I need to do
some stuff so we're actually saying
goodbye to nereid
I'm sorry yeah I'm gonna say goodbye to
her but I'm gonna meet up with her later
again today so yeah bye a few moments
later right now some of our friends just
came over to our house to have dinner
with us
and you know what my favorite thing ever
is when your friends bring you dessert
guys check this out oh my god Oh amazing
I love you guys so I actually want to
show you guys something really who our
friend has this is our friend sakina's
case and basically when you turn this
upside down check it out oh it's working
okay that's so cool I can see it now
okay so right now I just finished up at
home we literally just had some friends
come over for dinner I didn't actually
end up vlogging much but I'm heading
straight back out because as I told you
it's Noreen's lost day here in Dubai
it's been super fun hanging out with
that I can't lie she's a super super
sweet girl and yeah that's about it are
you kidding me I left her for like two
hours to go home Gucci Louis Vuitton yes
and another is another Gucci to Gucci is
it for me you know let's open it so you
pick a hat oh oh sorry
holy moly Wow well why do you have
makeup a new car
it's our last day literally our last
couple of hours in the buy right now so
we're gonna go and so I don't actually
want to make the vlog or crit in any way
but I actually need to say something and
it's not only to you guys it's kind of
to Narine as well and I you know we were
like hanging out a lot this week I have
like feelings
I do record that like I feel like
everybody gives awesome 432 it's still
like there's something dead like I know
yesterday we said there's nothing like
I just really I really like I like you
to like but it's not like that way like
who thinks move you said that yesterday
joking it's a rank it's a right guys we
set this up okay guys whatever we just
said right now was literally a joke I
mean planned it right now yeah justjust
confirmed guys let's go right now we're
actually gonna go watch a movie that was
a dumb idea like I was teasing them like
that okay we love you guys we're gonna
go watch a movie right now let me know
did you guys did you think that was real
what we just did yeah okay ma'am I do so
right now me and marine quickly came to
the cinema so watch a movie guys but
look at this place like what this is
beautiful and look at this it's like
this cool like 3d screen they have that
goes to the ceiling this is insane oh my
god I feel like I'm walking through it
is really cool made like look this whole
thing onto the ceiling is the screen
anyways right now we're gonna quickly go
watch a movie and yeah let's just see
how the movie is oh my god popcorn Oh
popcorn or eat went to the toilet so I
hope she doesn't see I'm having her
popcorn
oh definitely not me let's see is
anybody in the movie it started we'll
see you after the movie and yeah peace
five six hours later so we just finished
watching the movie that was amazing yeah
that guy like you you didn't see the
movie but I'm surprised because it's
been the first movie that's been good a
few moments later alright guys so right
now I just made it over here to the
airport and as I told you Narine is
actually heading back to Sweden oh my
god guys she's absolutely knocked out
right now eisah basically her flight is
right now and we're at the airport but
she's dead asleep good morning I'm not
even joking right now like we did not
set that up she's absolute dentistry I
don't even want to vlog right now guys
not coming back again no that's it guys
it's time to say goodbye and there she
goes back to Sweden
she left that's it she's gone she's gone
she literally just left the pie right
now anyways voice as always on my end of
today's vlog here I know it's weird to
end the vlog at the airport guys but I
need to go home we catch some sleep guys
I just wanna say I love you guys oh
thank you so much for the support I will
announce a giveaway winner tomorrow I
know I said I'll announce it today but
I'm in the airport right now and I'm
about to pass out to sleep guys so yeah
if you guys want to win a free phone
tomorrow is the deadline right so
subscribe right now and you can get a
free phone yeah I love you guys so I'll
see you tomorrow for another epic vlog
and as always stay awesome guys Yolo
Yolo
