the coolest cookie jar ever yeah yeah
what is not everybody welcome to another
vlog so how you guys doing this for I
started a vlog I want to address the
topic ok this is the question I get off
all the time ain't know what camera do
you use for vlogging now honestly
there's like one go-to camera I have
which is the canon g7x
but the reason I'm answering this
question I just want to say when you are
like a daily vlogger you goes through
cameras like tic tacs like they keep
breaking and just ah four of these are
actually broken right now this one's
broken I think this is the only one
that's not broken out these four so yeah
the thing is guys I'm actually going to
go take a bunch of these cameras for
repair like obviously the camera I'm
using right now is technically my sister
yeah she's going to kill me if I don't
give her a brand new on very soon so
that's what we need to go do today the
weather here in Dubai it's kind of going
London mode on us right now like now one
day it's raining one day it's shining
with Sun like it's crazy look at look at
it what can you see that it's actually
raining look who's joining me today
mommy my
so slight change of plan we were
supposed to go straight away to get my
camera's big but I think there's a crash
on the highway and there's like a ton of
traffic so instead we've come over to
the garden center to check out what they
have over here cuz I've never been here
so let's go oh wow look at this place
guys oh yeah look at that as a
rolls-royce there it's a rolls-royce
bench I think we have a ninja over here
so weird do you guys remember a couple
days ago I showed you the Star Wars
cookie jars over here they have elephant
ones let's see what this is the coolest
cookie jar ever
oh my god the elephant cookie jar is the
coolest no they actually have an
aquarium section over here guys damn you
combined aquarium oh that's legit
sleeping under water does he does he not
need oxygen like what can turtles
breathe on the world I didn't even know
that hey man what was good man where's
Nemo broke Yolo Yolo but who does
everything is on the inside over here
that's actually not the reason I came
they actually have a big outdoor section
so let's go check it out
whoa actually never knew this but they
sell tangerine trees over here so you
can grow it at home yourself what oh my
god you can actually buy this and grow
tangerines at home
holy moley what is going on over here I
don't know if it's just me I've heard if
you rub the head of a Buddha that's good
luck guys so yeah let's get started guys
let's get started
I need all the luck I can get right now
Oh daddy gang gang it's so vegetable
gang gang gang I gay I I think at this
moment I'm giving up with life right now
okay
they sell feet like big pots what is
this recipe like some good luck thing is
all I what is fish my man look at the
big toe my man's got like the biggest
deform to of everything in my life
whatever this is it must be something
popular because they go like a hundred
foot pots over here I need one of you to
confess right now which one if you did
it
which one if you snitched on me oh my
god there's a kitten over here oh my god
this chicken oh this is partial nudity
in today's vlog we can see is but uh
anyways boys for now we're gonna head
out here I just stopped by because I
thought it was really really cool one
thing we actually need to get for our
garden is this we need to buy some fake
grass guides because honestly look how
nice and clean fake grass looks you know
what's up with all the feet over here
man that's that's it stop abusing feet
I'm done
so in quickly made it back home boys the
traffic today is insane but I think now
it's cleared up a little anyways I
quickly came home to drop off buddy both
so just say goodbye to her bye-bye mommy
see you soon right now I'm actually
heading out to go see the boys so yeah
let's go see what they're up to mental
guys the subtle Ferrari brother no
while you got a holders down like that
you know what's really embarrassing I
just have to think of you turn our
security because my name wasn't on the
list okay
and I just caught my boy washed up
pretty cool apparently my name is Draco
on the security check so is actually
Drake I'm gonna go right now here yeah
yeah I don't know why Rasha so my name
is yep just my name is Drake oh you're
such an ass welcome Rachel I say with
that let me go say your name again
Drake oh oh Jesus
oh you're licensed carrier I wasn't even
looking I didn't expect it and to check
it out right now it's tomato it's a
fatties house we got nas me over here
what's up what's up good and we got Adam
Hey look oh my man Adam did over here he
just got the Dubai and he just messed up
fatty scream out what the hell man what
the hell let me show you wash it you
purchase guys my mans making these boss
moves right here he already know man and
the Louie Vuitton bag
hey I was inside what's inside show them
nothing if you guys it's not just a
little bag he's got those Yeezys in
there down guys give them a coat
something about business always busy of
content Hey Oh
one just got the new yesterday this is
all wood yeah if that's the old one give
me the hand-me-down you're like yeah bro
that's the old one give me the
hand-me-down
let's see it has Polly my daddy I think
the board is not yours to be negotiate
as if that wasn't enough he's got the
Newsies as well man businessman on
business by the rotating you coming you
know we don't talk business ah I'm not
gonna lie this bag actually looks super
dope basically Russia's actually got a
new one which is like the bigger version
of this but this looks super clean so
let me know what you guys think about it
in the comment section the classic LV
bag guys it's more fuller here you're
wearing these outside man what's your
Instagram for the ladies not me I like
that I'm sorry
oh Jessica not my life my boys Adam
Anatomy they take ages to get ready so
all of the things I guess for the worse
but that's fact
something's inside my there's
somebody inside there so I such a savage
this Robbins and your verified on
Instagram and verifying me hashtag
verified me for now we're heading out in
the easy car let's get ready where we go
bro you don't often find mr. song boom
you're gonna blow hey
devil is crazy hace eyes hi so right now
you made it over to this fault we're
going to eat over here so let's go right
now we came over to this kind of Stadium
place we're having food over here guys
check it out literally fatty has ordered
so much to all table has food in all
Houston in like the traditional just
that type of stuff that gets you them
added muscles right there check it out
don't they in Palestine let's get it so
we just finished being at that
Palestinian places are you say
Palestinian baby as big as he is Russia
take more than it my man rocks today all
the food if you don't you gonna do a
boxing match soon versus somebody young
Adam versus Russian boasting Rancho
Street pilots go oh so right now we made
it up to the apartment guys and let me
show you the special something I hadn't
stopped for you guys now at the moment
I'm in at nods room so he's actually
here I think he's away of holiday but he
bought something very special night he
he spent a bit of money on this like a
couple thousand dollars people
unreleased Yeezys yes guys and time to
show you them check it out now I'm not
sure how many of you guys are a
sneakerhead this is what I would have
know from you guys or they'd legit so
honestly he spent a lot of money on them
but I don't know like none of us know
what the boys were looking at it and
they look legit right they look kind of
nice
I mean they know the gym but how guys
the thing they released yet so they're
not out but we've been looking at it and
it feels like a normally reliable source
he bought it from somewhere that North
I'm not going to say we're just in case
I don't expose anybody but they look
legit they feel legit like unless you
guys can tell us anything they tested
they lost everything guys look they got
the boost at the bottom it feels nice
like it's crazy compared to the black
bread they just came out and they look
identical as no no in the color section
and if you're like professional Yeezy
Buster's last know that our boy Adnan
spend like his two or three thousand
dollars wisely
or did he get played and he got all
right anyways I have to show you them
guys unreleased Yeezys edited with a
super late I'm saying goodbye to my boy
back over here peace out tonight and
until next time bro panel so I finally
made it back home about to cool it at
night but before I go if you guys see
this in front of me I believe pretty
less than eight thousand subs away from
three million and I'm about to go to bed
and the only thing is I really wish I
don't miss hitting three million like
the beans I've got a good amount to go
but I feel like it's getting quicker the
closer we're getting to three minutes I
just I don't want to miss that moment
thank you thank you thank you to all of
you guys to the just unbelievable
support you guys give you every single
day so I love you guys little goodnight
I love you and I'll see you guys
tomorrow where we hopefully it three
million subscribers bye
