good morning everybody welcome back to
another vlog so as you can see my sister
is starting out the day by cooking it
why do you look like that right now
how you doing today can you sue back it
was like a single mom right now okay so
the thing is today I'm actually heading
out to go see my friends but I'll put a
special surprise for them so if you guys
remember I made a chocolate play button
which is in this thing so today I'm
actually taking this out and I'm gonna
give every kid we play football a slice
of chocolate play button would you eat
that if I came up to you with it you
really actually going out with this I'm
gonna go pee I'm actually gonna go make
Anita's chef Lana in the building and
she's drinking alcohol and she's
drinking sparkling red creatures not
more tasty mala doggone if you don't
bring someone I in my it might take
someone's eye out mommy why is the siren
my business mind together like that
ah champagne announcer voice like damn
beautiful day let's go boys let's go
sometimes you just need to appreciate
life breathe in appreciate the air I
love you mommy look at my mommy
beautiful it's a beautiful so right now
he just made it over to the mall we're
saying goodbye to mummy mobile bye she's
actually gonna go do some work right now
and a Hello has Sam hey hey I said I'm
not even gonna say that for the past one
week my mum's gone to the Apple store to
fix their phone but they never give her
an appointment why you have savages man
listen like my friend they fix diplomat
Judy's game bringing singing oh you did
Apple I see how thousand I get your
brothel thing okay yo bother we shout
out to these guys I just met over here
what's up what's up dab on them quick
hey I like that anyways I 5-pound see
you guys peace i'ma be honest those two
kids we just met I told them do
something crazy to be on the vlog and it
was like I'll throw my slipper at you
all they know nothing that dream the
thing is I don't want to play football
don't care a purple but I have a gift
for the kid yeah yeah once again you
know that chocolate play button I made
no way what does of my region to good
eatin
there's a fish over there it's in the
water
hi that's a guy oh my god I think is OED
well hi okay before we head out to go
play football my boy hi Sam is going to
the Versace store so let's go
Daniel why nothing wife because you get
night in want to help oh don't tell them
that stuff let's check it out look at
this t we get over here damn I like that
okay so basically if you don't know
where this place is it's like the lounge
area when you valet your car and the
crazy thing is they give you free drinks
they let me get they give you cookies
dates coffee this is very strong coffee
yeah that's that's what this it's too
strong for me well that's why down it
down a girl good oh now it's strong yeah
yeah that's why so that's why I feel
good before we leave one more just
before we leave you guys another one
that I just didn't tie to stealing
if they know about jokes aside right now
are like two minutes away from Adnan so
I'll see you want to get oh my goodness
I'll see once we get there let's go oh
we're about to diet we're about to die
so players what's up why I was in the
wiggling his problem let's get
this Len on man already slid like a real
mixer I weave all blue goes all good
Iommi dad not in the kids of present oh
dear it's like that you even brought
spoon man let's get some let's get some
damn football in and then we can eat
then
okay so for the past half an hour even
playing football the reason I haven't
been vlogging is as I mentioned to you
guys the reason I'm playing football
lose weight so I don't want to distract
myself by vlogging like I'm going hard
right now hi there you go boys there's
my war they give it in a brown bag as if
it's like alcohol or something oh look
at the doggy guys Oh what is it a
Pomeranian it looks like a chihuahua
ahaha what's your name
Lucy Lucy real easy I don't like me I
don't make me sit oh you got my new dog
desire you knew John yet Lucy that's her
name probably think they heard you get
this doctor hey me and Lucy have a
common relationship
I hope Bubba what is it bubbles are
gonna were like scratching up his
footage I get a week it'll all right bye
bye Luci
bye yo by the way look who made it over
here Kareem is back in Dubai gang gang
gang let's go free to kiss from the hood
today we're doing a good deed were
fighting today the poor
thank you by clicking the top row you
sick bastard and then you're gonna give
it to no wait wait wait what you bit
that he lips to talk you licked it
you just got exposed hey you guys come
on we got to do for the vlog let's try
it out come on guys what is it I broke
my fork yeah what the hell'd you give
them a break well I'm the hell is wrong
with you bro I broke my fork of school
so I can jump in on it
you bring a plastic board for a break
what's wrong with you he's gonna have
the chocolate uh-huh that's my guy how
is it crumb did Liam to Boston I'll be
on why it's kind of bailed I thought it
would actually come out easier guys well
these kids are starving out here they
didn't eat their dinner hi guys were on
a mission right now let's go let's go
people
we need to melt the play button right
now the chocolate is in the microwave
right now if you can see that oh my god
I need it I think that's good we don't
want it to blow up bro that just looks
like a big block of doodoo dad's on them
oh my good ah you regret your decision
Oh dollars oh serious life okay for now
we're heading out here the kids really
enjoyed the play button so arias had no
idea mine
Oh jokes aside we are actually heading
out of here that was a good little
football session I don't know if that
was weird me feeding the kids chocolate
I wouldn't want to run okay so we just
made it over to the mall and look at
this bad boy over here this is Hasan's
brand-new car so you got blue rims it
matches the shoes damn my boy has done
with the new car right now many of the
boys are quickly looking around some
stores and look what we found over here
they actually have a CREP making machine
and you guys know how much I love my
crepes I went we can tell you that we do
you puzzle bin I thought that and you I
feel like I'd be so good at it if you
went
it has a lips so you can't more coverage
that honestly it's a no-brainer so right
now we're checking out this really cool
drone they have over here
Kareem actually has the same one
basically it's like a foldable okay I
don't break it bro I get you do it I'll
vlog it basically it actually opens up
look at it so these are the propeller
juicy yet you hit me new like what is it
why don't you guys owe me a hundred
thousand lights and get them for now
we're actually heading out of here so
I'm going to say goodbye to the boys
peace out until next time BAM congrats
bro on the new car man I love it I love
it
I'm Jerry this is not a zoo car whoever
are looking you a monkey or whatever
owns it beautiful car I'm joking
Hasan family's rich but he doesn't I say
that was right now quickly going to go
home and yeah I'll see you guys after a
quick toilet break I don't know what it
is or what is my sister wearing right
now what the hell is this
what type of pajamas are those the
things you guys memorize in a family to
days ago I actually never show these
thrown in it somebody sent me a mini
drone so let's unbox it and see how this
family works yo yo look how tiny that is
do you see that it's so small the drone
is in the controller what what what that
is the drone oh boy the wind is going to
take it away man holy Wow how do you
turn this thing off here goes nothing
boys this is the road
it's even got a camera Audie take off
yo yo that is so cool that is the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen in my
life involved with art or is it yeah
yo yo yo yo hit me his scratch ma RI
piece mutton broken you hit me
what am I supposed to do stand there
this could be like a spy camera
this is sido finalized like a spy camera
oh this bottom of the hole insanity
anything good was that is the last thing
I wanted to show you guys tonight
I'm Jack I hope you enjoyed as always I
love attending just everyday boys but I
am doing a MacBook Pro giveaway so if
you want to win make sure you subscribe
me at handles as Lewin's I love you guys
will stay awesome and I'll see you guys
are yo yo yo
