yo everyone what is up welcome back to
another video so today I'm actually
gonna start the vlog by doing a small
little car wash yes you heard me right
so as you can see in the background
we've got the two rolls-royce's lined up
and yesterday your boy bought a pressure
washer yeah I bought a pressure washer
to wash the car so let's get into this
hello to my little friend so right now
my sister came down said washing the
Rolls Royces was cool but I want to wash
my sister's cars no wait
we're gonna go Lamborghini vs. pressure
washer no let's go
oh my gosh not the tree man no mommy
you're gonna kill the tree
I just have a cure sale this is your
idea my sister told me to do this oh my
god mom it what are you doing that is
such a mess you know you're supposed to
finish the job okay now that we have the
soap on the course time to use the
pressure washer so I think there's like
a bow and our yeah whoa oh my gosh
yo yo calm down
hey mama - cameraman your travel it's
not waterproof anyways there you go boys
that is the new garage all washed up as
you can see BAM
anyways for now we're gonna go inside I
think we've done our job for today
so yeah yo we just finished a huge
shower and as you saw I turned on the
walkie-talkie and some random guy is
sneaking in there again play with you I
don't know what it is but I do like how
good superpowers every time I see lights
off they turn on light off light on
really mommy
really she's so offbeat with that okay
so the three is right now me and my mom
we're gonna head out so let's go we're
actually meeting our friends at the
beach tonight so we gonna have some fun
without turning up okay so the first
place me and my mom came over to it to
the sports store basically you guys have
seen me play football a lot recently but
I don't actually have a football I used
to have one but it popped
Oh
so we didn't end up buying any football
the thing is they actually have some
professional footballs which are like
much better but they're out of stock so
I'm away until those come back in again
oh look at what mommy modes looking at
right now
the Rolex is okay my bankaccount mummy I
just bought a car relax the slight
change of plans you know how I told you
that we were going to go to the beach
with our friends our friend is actually
sick so we're not going to go to the
beach instead we're going to go home and
do a mail time the thing is I actually
haven't done a mail time in like forever
so I think it's about time we did a
proper big fan mail opening again and by
the way I know my friends are watching
this video if you ever become sick again
I promise I swear choti I'm joking okay
so the thing is right now we're actually
in this lounge section they have in the
mall and whenever you valet your car you
can come use like this lounge area so
yeah we chilling out here today
what I love about this place is always
empty and I think you can order yourself
a tea but I'm not going to do it because
I don't want to tea but anyways alright
so right now you actually come to
somewhere very very special now if you
guys watch my videos you should know
where we are we've come over to our old
grocery store yeah I know a bunch of you
think I'm going crazy right now but it
just feels so weird because like a month
ago we used to come here every night
like every single night til I buy milk
and bread it's just crazy man he's
buying alcohol she's buying alcohol mom
emo exposed mom emo what are you buying
life why are you popping bottles bad
so you're saying Lana's an alcoholic no
yes
okay OJ's inside right now my mom is
getting some like sparkling red grape
juice yes I shall just say you know when
it comes to Easter candy they are
getting so much more creative like you
know what I was a kid the best thing we
would have is an egg which was like so
cool but now look at what they had BAM
they have literally a chicken and a cow
and an egg what I was a kid we literally
were hot
just to get one egg now they've got like
the whole farm like nature D the whole
farm is made out of chocolate
you know what the hell is this velvet
cupcakes that is insane okay I'm gonna
buy them for Lana anyways for now we
just finished out at the supermarket but
if you remember this place has mini
shopping carts this is shopping with
babies I miss this place so much so we
just made it home boys and look who's in
the garden I washed your car for you at
the dry so my sister finally finished
washing her car but she doesn't know I
have a present for her right now and
they're cranking me some very amazing
friends in April so sorry oh wow
yeah I got you velvet cupcakes they
honestly look like they're spicy you
know what I mean they look like it
tastes like a normal cake
Wow they ripped us off man I thought it
had like some special taste so right now
we're finally going to do another
valvetime you guys have wanted this for
a long time so I think it'd been like a
hundred days since we designed all right
so let's get straight into your mail we
got a lot of bail right now to work with
so yeah oh it's a drawing
it's a draw see Thank You Daniel I
really appreciate the message and this
is awesome you want to see how here in
our unit it's a good effort yeah but I
know that you call this step they tried
out to my boy Roy but that is not a good
start the words I love there you're
reading you're just the one this is all
oh dear Lord you are special you are
unique I even wonder of the seven seas I
am enclosing a piece of luck in the
shape of a piece of paper until written
them on in wait what does play what
maladies what the hell is from a
different country
well I something he went on a holiday
and sent us t-shirts from Maldives if
it's not like something it's not mean I
smell like the ocean yeah what the hell
Thank You wrong al-saleem for sending
these in I appreciate it brother Thank
You Olli does it look at this this is
like a diamond encrusted pig I actually
got a Ferrari hot in the fan well yeah
I'm pretty sure this was from back in
the day when I had the Ferrari I'm sorry
I sold it to mow my name is Tom I'm 7
years old no Tom and you need to
handwriting's a problem now ok time he
stayed school buddy thank you so so much
to talk for sending the hand you are
bulb this package is making a very weird
noise right now it's
hardball did you hear that something
just made a noise from upstairs
demon begone your sister is so pretty
but she's attractive when she has blonde
hair hey hey hey what the hell is it
turning into the child my boy Rohan for
sending listen this is actually pretty
funny so you don't know who is it boy
it's like it yeah why is somebody
sending cycle airs to me I'm sorry sigan
I'm opening your letter this is a mr.
Abdul Ghafoor
Ahmed you know what since my man like me
such a nice letter I'm not gonna open
this latch sigan okay so we're gonna
open the biggest box that was sent to us
damn yeah my man Eduardo sent everything
in this box so let's get started
Harley Modi okay she went to get some
scissors and this is what she came back
oh we don't see on a block you look
where you sit i sweetly chop my hand
right now
thank you this is a little teddy bear
right here
I'm thankful though this is the work oh
I'm so sorry
okay well that is a million pounds right
here in the mail whoa whoa what is this
I don't know what this is but there's
some sort of monkey in here what is that
a chocolate
I think that's chocolate oh yeah I
appreciate / this horse was selling two
months ago so yeah let's see what else
oh he sent me Jordans oh boy longer Rosa
Munoz dollars
oh god this is the craziest famine I've
ever gone through my life Eduardo I love
you your initiate you the man Oh
ah you know what since we got so many
cool things on the fan belt we're
actually going to stop opening them so
if you guys want to see a part two -
famil make sure to hit the like button
but for now thank you everybody that
said in stuff if you haven't already
subscribed make sure to do so I'm doing
a MacBook Pro giveaway where the only
rule is to subscribe and leave a comment
down below so yeah as always I love you
all
Yolo Yolo
