this is I this is so awkward talking to
guys with about at the moment my mom
wants me to get married with somebody we
know
Yael everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so today is the first
day with my brand new baby in this house
just just take a look at her vag anyways
today I actually have a bunch of things
that I need to go by so I'm heading out
in the Rolls Royce but not this one no
I'm going in this one
holy moly somebody's gonna loud bang
Canaria yo you know when you're feeling
a song and the car next to you like
looking at you so badly like the car
next to me just won't stop staring at me
like this is really a good position
yo what is wrong man
he is bad I told y'all so meeting up
with mahi so we're gonna go shopping
together right now you ready yeah I got
some dollars I'm just kidding okay so
the first thing real my boy mo he's are
buying now you guys know that recently
I've been working out and I thought I
need a bit of motivation so we're buying
myself a fitness man not East and I
promise
as I said boys we're trying to get into
shape the vlogs are all about Fitness
right now yeah my boy mo he's like we're
all about the fitness life anyways all
jokes aside the main thing we're getting
and I'm trying to help mo he study more
so I'm getting him some post-it notes so
he can like become smaller exactly bro
but we need to be smarter another one
yeah another high so okay let's get out
of here quick today my whole goal is to
make more he's a better person so he was
awesome Oh
okay I think I'm failing I'm leaving you
broke easy to do right now me and my boy
are trying to find a car and this one
looks empty
nobody's yellow nobody nobody but
something they went it's ours it's ours
not very thoughts now I know this sounds
weird but right now I'm buying a
steering wheel cover for my car so Sam
check it out it's only 10 dirhams so we
can buy the whole thing right here for
another one ever I think we only need
one for the roadways listen no one but
actually that's a good idea
I'm not sure why I'm making this
purchase but right now we're actually
buying a pressure washer so basically I
want to use this on the new car I think
it's a pretty good work stuff yeah it's
a great picture you know the way Trevor
Remo he's just found the weirdest thing
ever
look at this toy this thing only has one
leg over here what it's actually cut off
I know I get it we shouldn't be lifting
up the skirt but but it's actually cut
off okay for now we've actually done
enough shopping I feel like too much
money too much money is being wasted
right now so we're heading out of this
store I think mission complete forever I
dare you to jump in there I dare you to
jump in so we literally spent about
three hundred dollars on nonsense right
now yeah
there is why you travel so far but
you've got a Twitter Carcross alright we
clearly came over to the valet to drop
off everything we bought because yo I
had like a whole washing machine thing
in my hand like it just didn't make
sense anyways they actually have a ton
of Rolls Royces today in the valet like
there I thought I was special
no you know every car is a roaster say
another one in front of us as well
another role for a little--it look at
this oh my how many Rolls Royces today
anyways we're heading back into the
shopping center we finished all the
shopping now now it's just like chillax
time right so today I'm taking my little
brother out
did you know that we are second cousins
yeah I know funny no we're not related
we're not really thank you okay so right
now my boy is going on a rocking chair
so I'm not drugged at this child abuse
or not but let's give a shot
oh you're so close to 5,000 oh my god we
won now you have to beep now really the
biggest for now I'm actually heading out
saying goodbye to my he's so peace out
bro give one shout out one guys just one
shot one shot oh yeah I'm Bobby on that
shot I was perfectly time with the Beach
Boys I don't think they heard anything
Bobby and I've informed him thank I am I
trying to steal my holy one more thing
before I leave you guys rumor having
gone in my lost video he actually is a
shout out to give to one of his friends
unless you look like a real-life Oriole
I don't know wonder what your son don't
need us to be a family to any race were
an hour ahead of ya every time his bill
and the blowing is roasted his friends
oh I like that
savage 101 we are you yeah damn son look
what just rolled up oh yeah she put the
steering wheel on it oh yeah my young
savage got in the Rolls Royce hey I'm
gonna advertise myself right now my
Instagram its underscore mold is the
boss underscore follow buddy okay how
many underscores you have in your name
bro I killed so you guys saw the eye
boys steering rule so let's give it a
shot right now let's see if this
actually fits on a Rolls Royce I do you
think it's actually fits on a Rolls
Royce I hope so I mean we spent eighteen
seven eighteen to put the bad boy - soke
supplies bro just doesn't even fit
better it's gonna be a raffle
okay just give me a rattle for that car
for now is saying goodbye to when he's
so peace out adios bro
until next time I am meet you to
subscribe to more and I yes I mean I
would like like subscribe and comment on
my DPB okay peace Sam see you next time
adios this kids a savage don't trust the
memory alive man yo you know that's
crazy I actually forgot that it's April
Fool's Day today
and basically because April Fool's a
social blade which is the website I
check like to see how my subscribers are
doing anybody can edit it so what do you
guys have gone I love what they've
edited apparently my monthly views is
now zero zero whatever and my earning is
two batteries in a year that's how much
money I think like I said I'll be honest
like the website isn't always accurate
when it comes to earnings but two
batteries out like are you kidding she
okay so now that I'm home I'm actually
gonna go upstairs and surprise my sister
with her new gift okay so she's getting
a steering wheel yeah I got a gift for
you from outside John it no I swear I
paid for it a steering wheel cover oh
yeah okay yo are you sure you want to
drive okay fine
let's get in I wanna drive wait why are
you sitting in the bus we're both
sitting in the back no your driver you
said you want to drive well it's perfect
I so the thing is right now why she's
heading over to Ikey I think I don't
think we're going after the furniture we
got everything for the hot dogs oh yeah
yeah I don't know why they're cheap and
they taste really nice
alright so we just made it over to our
spot boys
BAM look at that VIP parking right there
as you can see boys right now he quickly
came over to like the shelving unit they
have over here in IKEA and the thing is
I'm finally buying myself a shoe cabinet
bang this is the one so I don't know how
it's taking me so long to find one but
wherever I go they never had like a
simple cabinet like this though yes I'm
finally having my own shoe collection
started boys are you happy are you happy
my new purchase I like that oh my god
they have jewelry trays too bad you
don't have any jewelry oh no just take
the jewelry girl or stealing jeweler
girl it's not worth it my own a great
limo I got brought in another pretty
cool things come oh hi boys so we
basically found the whole extinct panda
section over here you're wondering why
pandas are extinct kids are all Adamic
here right now what the hell oh no no
I'm going on okay so we ended up getting
my cabinet and look at the boxes for
these things down okay you know we have
to get these delivered to the house so
yeah hey hey Sam hey all right we're
gonna cut the vlog here so we just
finished ordering my cabinets right now
but before we head home I actually want
to say one thing the first ever time I
met a fan in real life was right here
like at this spot and I remember it so
clearly I think I was so excited I named
the video my first fan or something
that's how excited I was like damn like
people know me in real life it just it
was crazy
anyways now we have our cabinet on order
I think next we could get to our house
so we good
I'm trying to get me right alright so I
finally made it back home as you can see
boy is super super knackered just about
to die right now not even sleep but
because I say goodbye so today's video I
actually got something kind of serious
to talk to you about I know this is like
super random and it's just I know it's a
weird situation to talk to you about but
I feel like I can't really hold it in
because it's just too much to hold it if
you know what I mean so I'm sure you
guys have already seen the title of the
video and you're like what the hell is
going on
yes I might be getting married so again
I know I know it's like way too much
already taken it's crazy basically if
you guys don't know for the past two
years I've been pretty much single and
you guys have seen that and I guess my
mum is like you know what I think it's
time you got married or you found
yourself a wife or something so this is
I this is so awkward talking to guys
with about at the moment my mom wants me
to get married with somebody we know
so April Fool I'll just joke you guys
Molag is not getting married anytime
soon no did you believe that deal with
my acting god I don't think I did that
out amazing but anyways I'm just kidding
I'm really getting ready down giotto
anyways Audrey's aside before I say
goodbye to don't forget I'm doing a
MacBook Pro giveaway so the only rule is
to be subscribed to the channel and yeah
as always I love you I'll see you guys
more yes
Yolo Yolo bye april fools
