girl comes up to me says Corey Jonathan
okay yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so I literally just woke up
right now and something special is
happening today I'm actually taking
delivery of my friend Bugatti yeah check
it out
BAM as you can see it just got to my
house on a delivery car guys basically
my friends sigan is coming back from
London today and I'm gonna be picking
him up from the airport and his Bugatti
so yeah it's about to be a good day here
goes nothing guys they're bringing the
Bugatti down damn look at that
it's not often you get to see a Bugatti
coming down in front of you out hey that
is one nice car guys your bubbles we
just got a Bugatti right now oh my god
this is real life right now as you can
see the car is in front of my house does
that petrol and I don't want to get
stranded it you got just over 20 pieces
yes let's go we got 20% back my friend
song I think she's getting the car back
Mac now keeping it guys I'm keeping it
move the car not even a minister well
let the neighbors see you man it's right
now we good guys with you why are you
waiting to die honestly just woke up
right now you guys I literally went I
change mine I'm in my pajamas privative
we got
I still not start study oh my god Lily
Briana I did okay yeah it's the same
concept I think yo yo yo yo you're
leaving with what it'd be fine yo you
got this bro I got me she just needed
money over must be fun
do you need some help this cars going
positive okay what is he doing look who
likes Bugattis as well here bubbles also
like the Bugatti exa balls
oh my goodness
you know what it is bad quickly had to
change up you don't have the keys is
rain drop drop top Bugatti is hot but
each other okay girl cuz that community
what you driving at that Bugatti
Wow now that is over as well as we've
officially added the Bugatti to our
garage right now check it out oh it's
actually 40 now I know right man what
the hell why does it have the rain on a
day with rehab the cars I think this is
the dream garage right here Ferrari the
Lambo and the Bugatti is ready to go
look at those shoes oh just uh uh crap
Chester Derek he goes
yeah I think we have a little problem
guys I don't know how to use the
windscreen wipers and it's raining a lot
hey check it out siding fun we are sure
boys let's kill niggas always be my
person oh no it's always grew my from a
garage
dad nobody's not anyways it'll khadi
with you right now this is crazy
I'm just icing on my egg I need back
look at this point of view right now
this is so cool Wow Wow we got we got
that Big D Bugatti over here not in
front of Pilate
sorry from the bottom I quickly stopped
the car because I want to show you a
bunch of really cool features of this
car has but a lot of you may not know
about so when you reverse this car
actually has a reverse camera I bet you
guys didn't even know that oh I think I
know I get a vicious and then no it's
over here yeah computer screen on the
man yes there's a reverse camera bill
era I'ma be honest I just flew it right
now I didn't hear the precise but right
now that is insane so the second thing I
want to show you about this car guys the
wing actually goes up and down on and it
looks really cool basically when the
wing is up the car is like down it gives
you like better aerodynamics basically
to do its physics now we don't know
exactly what it does something the car
go faster baby picture on the bone over
here so you had the arrow going up and
down I'm going to press it now whoa that
is so cool here my garage I have a got
eBay Ron you know what's more important
than a Bugatti Veyron guys knowledge
well I did look like you're getting
strangled by the seat belt yo come on
seems like that does she like the door
are you kidding me are you kidding me
Wow if you lock the door me Wow look at
that guy's eye so my sister's going to
clearly take like a little u-turn and
then she's gonna come back let's see how
they'll fly by in a Bugatti is okay guys
let's get it yo chill out bro chill out
raindrops shut up Josh smoking no cook
in the hot bar I'm sorry Bugatti I have
a lot of editing to do so we have to say
goodbye until tonight so i ki know who
knows Lana might take it out she might
take it out for a little spin so slight
change of plans
I'd like to tell you guys I'm going out
to see one of my friends today I thought
it'd be a better idea if we didn't leave
the Bugatti here in front of our house
so they're coming to pick it up right
now the Moo God is going I just thought
it'd be a better idea I didn't leave the
car unattended if you know what I mean
we can have a long-distance relationship
oh no no the Bible God II see you soon
no you yo alright guys I'm going to be
honest I completely fell asleep off to
the Bugatti thing basically right now
sigan is landing so I need to quickly go
pick him up
Lana is coming to pick me up with the
Bugatti and no not Lana on the blocks
guys lana Saiga's connie just a
different honest soul i will clearly go
let's go and see where psych is right
guys let's do this
i-i'll catch you guys watch random
Bugatti Lana here's another nod
and we're on the way to the airport so
we literally ran out of fuel on the
Bugatti and we quickly stopped by the
Central Station to fill it up I want you
guys to guess how much this thing eats
okay because normally my car would hit
like 100 IMAX okay so yeah it's
interesting to see how much of Bugatti
can I take it that's a v16 engine meet
sixteen and the result is the engine
took 190 guys holy moly
95 litres of petrol that is crazy my
co-driver Alanna who doesn't want to be
on the vlog he's going to start the car
let's go whoa I'm not even kidding when
I say this we missed our exit and there
is no other exit decayed holily moly
we're literally stuck in the middle of
nowhere we're stranded with a Bugatti in
the middle of nowhere into my
underground area right now this power
during the u-turn honking I don't really
choir right now but we're stranded in
the middle of it so check it out we
finally made it over here at the
terminal as you can see the red carpet
behind me guys look who made it
your Bugatti was in safe hands
don't worry I miss the bus the keys in
my pocket guys it's not leaving where is
it
here you go that's not why must I just
buy wrong key around here efficient
secret super late right now I say
goodbye to find you right here well I
get a random room right now guys come on
I can't see soon
this is how lays in the shopping center
the electricity on the elevators in
aachen ah wow wow back home I'm tired
I'm super exhausted actually say guys as
always I know I've been saying this for
the past three days and it's cliche and
everybody says it but I love you all I
know it's cringe you to say but I love
you I love you anyways I've always got
to say goodbye to look you here by the
way next week I'm going to announce the
winner to the PlayStation 4 giveaway so
if you want a chance to win a
Playstation 4 all you gotta do is
subscribe and that is it as always I
love you all I'll see you tomorrow
jolly Yolo bye
