I don't want to pick with y'all
yo yo what is up everybody welcome to
another vlog so today's about to be a
good date right now I'm heading over to
go see my boys but today there should be
a special guest on the vlog I let go
anytime I mean I know I can't watch me
whip whip watch me nae nae hey
oh you see he's back into bi and I think
she's coming out with us today so let's
go and see where everybody's at guys
this is such a barrier guys so check it
out boys I just made over to the moon
and look who of you is AV is the
building don't forget guys we got silos
oh how you doing bro how you doing I'm
good other yet guys is your black eye
you got rushed into the building fatty
everybody we are like Oh entourage today
so oh we're doing is that yeah
apparently we're going on a move for and
they brought cards into the shopping
center so yeah I don't know what's going
which ones are most of these are both of
them are let's get him up high let's go
let's go
I've been in to buy a long time guys and
I've never driven around in the mall so
how are we doing man yo man my boys all
in so just drop the new track what is it
young love and thinking about you go
check it out who's thinking about me
when you wrote that song yeah oh oh oh
a day in the life of silencer right now
guys if you say lady hey madam o'clock I
just want to think we with y'all we're
getting out of the car guys this was the
car that we were in I don't think I've
ever taken you guys in here we're going
to the indoor aquarium guys so check it
out oh my goodness Wow
do you like it guys what the hell
because I see some things you know what
I mean Billy Oh Mike what is that that
isn't right it worth of diseases this
aquarium is legit so weird right now god
it's so cool whoa yeah what do they bro
nothing the screen twice on the kids in
Saudi well we're heading out the
underground aquarium guys Eddie close
out that was the shortest aquarium I've
ever seen right I just met the sweet
here's got everything with some salt and
a buddy here autocrine here's a poster
of you this guy's legit matter a new one
yah oh yah oh right here this is his
older brother guys say what's up sup
this guy legitness right here trust me
man hey no I reserved so we came over to
this new area they have guys asleep is
really really cool look at it LOD I
think it's like a zoo restaurant down
here they have a bunch of like virtual
reality simulator so like asylums are
doing it you can see what he's seeing on
the screen as well I'm going to go
around and scare everybody while they're
on the VR
okay my man Marwan is an ocean guys
what'd you put this around this jar got
you guys by the way I don't even know
what this is over here oh my god guys
what the hell
again block you know what the hell
like a psycho he's like what's up game
I'm gonna dig over now look we got most
Flynn here that's my cousin high tier
cancer that monkey right here say Colin
babalu so we just finished up in the zoo
area guys now it's pretty fun that we've
come somewhere a little bit different
I'm not sure what this place is but it's
like Hulk Aquarium I don't know exactly
what we're doing guys but we're going
towards the fish tank right now
apparently we're going with a boat ride
not only that we go to see great that is
the boat that we're gonna go on guys so
yeah and if you see that it's just about
fits in there so if anything goes wrong
all those sharks Aundre oh wow no I just
realized we could see under that cake is
actually used to feed the Sharks guys so
they go down in that cage and all the
Sharks in here they feed them gonna go
shark feeding all right jump oh my god
they're following us bro they're trying
to attack you hi guys my boy son is such
a vicious such a just touch it quick
whenever you're come to visit
please lasting emotional hours to see us
there will be two by five a home for now
we're heading out here guys I was
actually really cool
as you can see we're literally like
underground in this place though yeah
she's gonna get wet you ready no I don't
know how today I've done stuff that I
never even knew about they're showing me
around always me I'm in history started
history yeah yeah check the outside how
about that
look at this crazy long shark thing they
have over here guys - oh hello yeah you
come here IV a look at that guys we've
got a massive right over here what is
going on BRR
look at is a dancin I need
a sitting bitch to get me oh oh yo
what's up of fish bitch I think this is
the first time I've been spitting fish
in my life guys he's stuck in there no
what is going on over here - aha
oh my goodness what are we doing it is
on the fish must build under can yeah
look at these idiots baby I know back in
your cave it's a real lucky store oh my
god these are in my hand oh they
actually have the big ocean all in the
world over here guys
check it out oh my god oh my god we're
officially done with all of the animals
and sea creatures guys I was actually
really cool I've never been up here so
here it's crazy I didn't even know they
had all of this stuff in the mall
we're playing watch me within the more
like look at the cars behind you bro
look at it we're gonna hold crap oh yeah
Tony's up Oh
the best thing ever
no bro no get copyright have a song and
I use a song in my vlogs we need
permission to brandy for you to little
90 degrees I see one do it
this is my Instagram where I do that
okay understand
I can feel some craziness Alma even my
boys shot this guy just let it right now
and to be honest a little tomato review
the PPT Bible a shout-out to Dennis over
here who gave me the keys to the
restaurant and a little bit something so
appreciate it man much love much love I
haven't been vlogging much because it's
been getting crazy guys a grace is
holding it down to that yo we need to
move with it there's a lot of people
guys not the people we love all the
enthusiasm that people have here guys we
just gotta keep it going look at really
behind it by the way I didn't introduce
them on stage love your flashy in the
building what's ours that you already
know all the way from New York
Hollis a few comments left Hollis met
you like the yogurt water yeah are you a
Christian I'm not sure you guys remember
a be perfectly well so we're going to go
rewind to the first time we met him guys
as you can see boys he tried to jump in
a hoop and it didn't work out I'll not
be sewing here with way more money did I
gonna give them back over but I mean
Colonials and so fever subsided
8.32 be
oh my god right now we're gonna go on
this ride guys
are you ready guys my teammate is Marwan
right now oh yeah you better not let me
down bro I don't know what the hell
we're doing hi let's go
we just finished that ride told me I met
in like seven times already but this is
the first time on the book so it's
always over jewelry no man
Nemo Boston hits the Mariah Carey
concert meadow 15 right Harry we're
going to go see Mariah Carey and a bunch
of other people performing tonight so
let's go Matt we just made it over here
guys and we met this awesome unicode
who's going to take us to the concert so
appreciate it let's go huh so we finally
made it over here you won't even believe
it we're right in front of the crowd
right I said to stop down as just ear
buds over here you ready for this having
already done it and it's the purple
right right area yeah yeah yeah any
minute number I carry should be
performing guys so we're going to see
her on this stage over here
so for now we're heading on the ground
now Thank You wrinkles on there so that
was a pretty cool going through I can't
even lie guys get a part of a guy that
was crazy you already know and then you
already know many people silent√≥ such
manager by bringing the glass classics
menu our router cautiously the lady
herself guys yo okay so we just made a
home boys thank you so so much for the
support you guys receive you on the
floors recently the big holiday I so
somebody is actually live streaming my
road to three million so there's
somebody right now I live streaming my
sub cow and yeah it's just so cool to
see you guys are all so tough for three
million so I love you guys well as
always don't forget to subscribe down
below and you're also in to win a
Playstation 4 rules are below and yes
all right I love you guys who are seats
more yelling Yolo bye Oh
