surprise welcome to the family the color
is so amazing blue yo everyone good
morning and welcome to another video
summation the star of today's video with
a small little prank but before I do
that if you haven't already subscribe to
the channel go down there and click
Subscribe and be part of the squad
anyway let's go do the strike basically
my sister is downstairs worrying the
garden and I'm going to go chunk a bowl
I imagine that move out here goes
nothing one attempt she needs to come
from you go bright Sun okay so me my
mama just about to head out for today
and I've got some really good news to
share with you now you guys know that
I've been searching for a car for the
past two weeks and I finally found one
so my car is finally been chosen and
yeah within the next two weeks I should
have in a case on the other hand that
means we're gonna say goodbye to the
Range Rover I hey what the hell this guy
just came out for my district over you
hi new car alert
as you can see we just made the earth of
the shopping mall I actually just
finished up at the bank basically I need
to organize the money
and when I say organize the money you
might be wondering what does that mean
you actually have to order the cash in
like lost time
if you remember when I was buying my car
I went there and they didn't have enough
money so I had to keep running from bank
to bank to bank but this time it's easy
so yeah just know the car I'm getting
now is more expensive than the Ferrari
that's the only hint I'll leave you guys
okay yeah I just met a Jewish girl over
here and he wants to give a shout out to
one of his friends shoutout to my 19
he's in Japan right now he is going to
be really mad when they given me a
mascara but LTS fun to check it out boys
as you can see I just made it over to do
go wheels gonna go quickly put my
deposit down for the car but damn today
they book so many cars out here pound it
pound it you like my new car you like my
new cars what is it top secret top
secret don't tell them I'll kill you I
swear right
hey okay so I just confirmed my new car
right now do you know what it is today
what many cars is that a good start hey
before I leave the server there's
actually one more car I really want to
show you now I'm not sure if you notice
there are convertible Range Rovers yes
you're the riot and they actually have
one over a year look at this now I'm
pretty sure these cars are rare because
I don't see them on the street that
often but it actually looks kind of nice
in real life look at it
Wow imagine a convertible four-wheel
drive hey blood that's crazy
maybe future car for mummy boat I'd
actually be pretty cool on money we're
gonna lie don't tell her okay don't tell
her it's gonna be surprised maybe maybe
let's see so I've actually got one more
secret for you before I head out here
till I get my brand-new car they're
lending me a roll great great yes you
heard me right boys check this beauty
out so I'm going to be driving this car
until I get my new car so BAM
and mommy both talking business in their
voice business - yeah I like that I like
that okay so the thing is right now
we're heading over to Lana to pick her
up she has no idea we got this Rolls
Royce so yeah let's go surprise it let's
see what her reaction is she's probably
gonna think this is my new car check
this out look at the roof oh my god I
feel like I'm in space right now y'all I
should now I've changed my mind about my
new car that should I buy this car I
wonder why this guy is so beautiful
right now
look at the likes of me see
okay so right now he just made it home
with the Rolls Royce as you can see so
I'm gonna go get my sister from upstairs
she had no clue that we came with this
bad boy so you ready mommy I'm waiting
until my sister comes right now so
that's your reaction surprise not my new
car
oh my god it's such a nice color that's
my new car no way yeah he's alive I
swear you guys we finished it today yeah
yeah check it out boys
there it is welcome to the family
yeah this is it this is it hey you tell
your dear friend I jeggings oh my god
but I mean it's our car until I get my
new car okay how about that yeah that is
such a beautiful car what do you think
that is amazing sorry it's like it's a
case just we'll have a lot all right
let's go I mean it's good we get it for
a couple of days I don't even need to
reach for the door just click the button
Reverend is on the side oh yeah you guys
are disappeared off to I salute you yes
I have the whole damn ready for this
first Daniel
like that are usually like that getting
this all my gosh no you have to get this
car you have to get it back
I don't care I want this glass I will
give it the best part everything that
you can actually snap and like guys look
at the spa how about this comment down
below do you think I should buy this car
okay
I'm just saying on guys a real
possibility convertible is a Marilyn
wait what's mom doing she taking selfies
even though there's a Rolls Royce we
still have one of these smell good
things and that was something that
apology oh my god today to get hit he
doesn't care what the hell peasant
driver
I'm not worried to be no dilemma here oh
my gosh hello to them Eliana okay we
just made it over to our destination
time to get out the car you're just
gonna get out the car bridge get out the
gray come on excalibur bye bye bye bye
wow this is like she my brother's
favorite color so it would match him
perfectly if you got this car so yeah hi
Molly boson coming out she's yeah she's
got my phone are in the camera before
you go is one more thing I want to show
you look what happens and lock the car
kicks out BAM
whoa no nobody's robbing my lady today
man oh boy oh my god mama don't do that
yo check it out big night shopping so
cool and I might shop don't have some
opposed oh yeah that is club I don't
know look going over there selling stuff
for both boxes out my brother
greener nothing yet
not again oh hell no copyright we're
done you're taking your penis I told you
I wanted the peanuts a case should don't
do they look at this they gave us a peek
did you pay way
free free man yo this is how Leia is
right now they're literally emptying of
the jewelry store free jewelry I let's
let's go before they kill us
just in case you're wondering what the
keys to the rolls royce look like there
they are down i stop flexing man you're
such a show-off bro
but even your car it's not even our car
we're going home we're going this is how
comfortable Lana is with the rolls-royce
she's already using it boo
you know the money or bodies where it's
traffic right now an older you know all
these guys are looking at us right now
that okay so it's late at night we
quickly came to fuel up on the
rolls-royce I just want to see how much
through this bad boy takes I've never
filled up a rolls-royce so it's going to
be exciting to see so far it's on like
sixty five years so it's actually got a
pretty big engine anyways my mother
sister quickly buying some like milk
some bread and stuff like that so yeah
once they do that we'll be out of here
look at them hello gang gang gang gang
gang gang gang we made it long okay yeah
here we are boys the door is the door
can't are ladies and gentlemen this is
the rolls-royce cabin crew you've
arrived at your destination
get the hell out yeah it's time to say
goodbye to the rolls-royce for now I'm
okay mommy you don't read the news
normally don't dump attend I get out the
car because I need to turn off the Stars
you know what's crazy about it
oh I'm sorry something called our food
doctor car by the way look at this this
day actually comes with the rules for
each race actually comes with a bull
sweets raisin backpack in there you
income it's a car cover
I can't I think Alan's in a bag yeah
which let bubbles out tonight because we
feel like he's got a little bit too much
energy
oh my God look at how fast he's running
Oh eyes I do it boys
as you can see we just made it home
right now I'm actually in my sister's
room she's made like this professional
lighting studio look at this were like
you can make yourself dark and bright
but I just want to say I love you guys
oh thank you thank you so much for the
support you guys are believing on the
channel as mentioned within the next
couple of days you'll be seeing my new
car so stay tuned for that I just need
to finish off my payments and yadda
yadda yadda but yeah I'll see you guys
some more for another vlog I love you if
you haven't already make sure to bail
click subscribe over here babe watch my
last video over here and as always y'all
Yolo Oh
