yeah everyone good morning and welcome
to another video - yeah you know it's
really really funny my jumper looks like
our emoji cushions right now look at it
I can blend in right now if I just hide
behind the cushion light you can't see
me you can't see me it's the thing I
actually don't think my sister's seen
this jumper so let's go show it to her
and see what she thinks about it I don't
think she knows I boy did it dude yeah
look at my new jumper man that is so
cool God that is such a good idea
oh my goodness no that could be a
Halloween question love this before you
go what our sounds like just to my new
outfit was year I know a man that can
only listen
drinks gonna kill you today
I'm actually going to be doing a very
special project so very purple this is a
YouTube play button they gave it to me
for hitting walk million subscribers but
this is not cool anymore we're gonna
make a chocolate version Oh sighs you
see in my head I'm going to really like
three kilograms of chocolate little oh
sorry
to do this I'm going to need a lot of
chocolate so let's get straight into
opening these bad boys up Sam
we need a lot of chocolate tell me that
is onyx satisfying fire hey okay that's
it I'm not eating that chocolate anymore
cheese plate 109 see this is the fun
part right okay we're about to melt one
kilogram of chocolate right now so let's
do this I know it looks like it's
burning but trust me that's just the war
so yeah okay the chocolate is finally
melted now oh look at this Audrey okay
you know that so I'm gonna stop
recording now I'm going chef mo just
made his new creation I guess as you can
see this is going to be the chocolate
play button I'm bringing sure this is
gonna be the world's biggest chocolate
day but again have you seen anybody do
this no no now why fix a launcher black
chocolate is so so I think now we need
to freeze water chocolate I'm gonna put
this in the fridge and I'll see you
after like one hour
my wife closing your eyes sir you only
adjust the camera whenever this is
50,000 calories
I'm making up numbers right now this is
the fifty thousand calorie YouTube play
button right here down so the thing is
there's two parts to making this play
button so this is going to be the body
but now we're going to use white
chocolate to make the triangle so let's
do this I can't wait here for another
round of chocolate or melting know is
what I taught me truck races I feel like
a tripod the whole time I'm just holding
a camera
you're very complaining I don't even see
the chocolate if you need a coffee are
you racing no are you raping it well I'm
not focusing on it just to piss me off
is Jonathan we'll see you guys in about
20 minutes
once everything is finished and let's
see how this play but it turns out
season with a little racist
okay so it's been about half an hour
right now and we have a slight little
problem basically I didn't think that it
would take this long but it actually
hasn't even frozen even a little bit so
it's been half an hour and this thing is
still liquid if you can see that so
basically I'm gonna go out now and go
see my friends and later on tonight I'll
come and show you how that thing turned
out so yeah mom let's go down the street
so my guys literally climbing the tree
right now you're gonna fall come down oh
whoa okay so right now I clearly went
and changed up I'm actually heading out
to go see my boy Adnan now if you don't
know I've been trying for the longest
time ever to get back into shape so he
cooled me and apparently the kids in his
area are playing football so I'm going
to go play with them
just for the sake of like gaining some
fitness back in my life let's go that
thing is like is a bridge or something
Elite really looks like a bridge yo look
at this slip from the real eye I just
made over to Eddie we're about to play
some football but wait why are we in the
kids area bro because you know how like
bro we're playing vs. 13 year olds man
exercise check out this area that non
brought me - look how fancy hidden gym
it looks like Drake's Villa over here
baby I'd not explain to them how the
football court work so this is the goal
over here if you can see that it's just
a green they've got like a box so
imagine I know you could tell over there
look at the two doors over there
oh yeah so imagine that on this side
babe you told me to come to a football
pitch bro what do Brazilian coconuts
inside before I go on the pitch I just
wanna do a shot to you guys what's up yo
guys awesome guys this guy's like man
you baby I'm gonna score was in my
defense one minute so oh my god get out
of here bro we go just for future
references video recordings probably 30
minutes before he scores his first goal
look at him just standing around like a
deer in headlights
I think his shorts are too tight he's
not running much oh my god is he making
an effort oh blogs you like that one guy
who just stands in the corner who just
pops out of nowhere just to score okay
so we just finished playing football
right now for now I'm heading out home
you can see that I'm not sure if you can
we're actually like war right now so now
real men
yeah anyways I'm gonna go home I'm gonna
finish off my play button and then I'm
gonna go with that non to eat outs on
myself oh yeah
I'll see you guys we'll see you at home
catch you on the flip boom finally home
quickly when it took a shower and it's
time to see how my play button turned
out so let's go
free voice Bay boy so this is my
chocolate play button as you can see and
then on this side we have the white
chocolate there you go not so easy to
use white chocolate is time to complete
the play button boys we did it anyways
there you go boys that is my chocolate
play button let me know what you think
about it I'm pretty sure this is the
world's biggest chocolate play button
prove me if I'm wrong period I think
this came out so nice right now look at
it it looks so good
it actually looks so good dad that's
crazy now I have two of these okay one
here one in the fridge so as you can see
I clearly wanted to change my t-shirt
right now me and mummy Maura heading out
yo my mom has a new name right now
Savage mummy maliki she adapts average
on Instagram literally she's exposing
all the baby pictures of me and my
sister are you sighs me Mom are heading
out let's go and I'll see you once we're
out let's go whoa right now my mom
clearly came over to the furniture store
the reason is we're still searching for
a shoe cabinet for me but look at the
cool designs they have over here Wow
they literally have like a disco floor
over here I don't know what that's
supposed to be but it looks amazing I
know I'm going off-topic but they
actually have a really cool bed over
here look at this the bed has LED light
I really want to go and hide inside this
thing so I don't know why I'm doing this
okay I'm in the cabinet right now let's
see how long it takes my mom to find me
all right what if my mom never goes holy
mother
where is she I'll bring her for like
three minutes she's legit left me guys
I'm George oh there's mother I don't
know what my mom is doing right now but
I'm pretty sure she's breaking their
thing yo check this out three two one
let's go let's go let's go it's late at
night boys we quickly came to have some
food there it is boys just ketchup
that's all I like yeah more ketchup more
more oh yeah that's good if you don't
know me I literally have no salad like
I'm just a ketchup person which is
probably bad for me apparently ketchup
gives you spots but I don't care oh boy
so check it out as you can see I finally
made it home and right now before I say
goodbye to your today's video I actually
want to do something that I haven't done
for a while I want to read some comments
from my comment section and you're
probably like wait a second what you
don't read your comments well the thing
is honestly guys I would be honest with
you my comment section could kill a
person like that's how bad my comment
section is so without further ado let's
get started
oh boy this is gonna be nasty the first
comment is from a girl called maja T it
says how many of you think acid is cute
Hey
my boy has them will in the ladies no
hoop and the reply say who is Hasson
this is the last comment I'm going to
read you before I end the vlog today
he's probably in debt from his new house
and the Ferrari wasn't enough so he's
selling his Mustang to God I think it's
time I had a serious conversation for
the people and leave comments on my
videos not a thing is I know 90% of you
don't come in a case but for the people
that do comment man I just want to say
just cut me some slack if you are a
fellow commenter I just want to say
let's be a team man my no more abusing
mow enough is enough man I know this is
probably not going to work and you're
still going to stay savage but I mean at
least I try always I just want to say I
love every single one of you even if you
are one of the commenters that roasts me
you're amazing I love you thank you so
much for what you do is wrap up it and
yeah as always I'll see you guys
tomorrow stay awesome and yeah yeah Lee
ro bye Oh
