three - well yeah everyone good morning
welcome back to another video everyone I
hope you're all having an amazing day so
today is a beautiful day here in Dubai
first things first
my mustering is still broken the car
just won't start Oh car has been broken
for a week I still need to get it fixed
like it's useless guys the Mustang is
gonna get fixed very soon it's I feel so
bad cuz I've been using my mum's car
because my Mustang is broken anyways
before I do anything on today's video I
actually have a special announcement for
you guys so yeah listen up cuz you can
get some free stuff before I continue
today's video I have a very very
exciting announcement for you guys about
the app war robot so if you guys don't
already know what it is it's a 6v6
tactical shooting game and it is insane
there's robots and they're shooting it
and you can see what's going on on the
screen right now
it has the most insane graphics in the
world it's just mind-blowing like I'm
gonna have it all over the screen
there's over 70 million people playing
this game at the moment so you're not
gonna be playing it alone like and here
is what I'm excited about guys so they
have actually hooked your boy up with a
special link which is gonna be at the
top of the description and if you guys
click on my link to download the game
you're gonna get 400,000 silver and a
hundred gold yeah I got you I got you
guys so go click that below listen I've
done this before guys and you guys
absolutely loved it
so they hooked me up with another link
so if you guys download it with that
your Gucci haters let's continue the
rest of the vlog guys and I hope you
enjoyed the free stuff yeah anyways for
now let's continue the rest of the vlog
guys the thing is right now I'm actually
heading out of the house and I'm going
to the beach to tan yeah
nothing like tanning at the beach guys
as I said right now we just got your
over to the beach guys and yeah the Sun
is it's just not there
oh you see the thing is I'm sure a lot
of you might be wondering why I'm at the
beach right now the thing is I'm
actually here with marina and she's
swimming
like it's freezing cold in the water
right now and she has gone like swimming
somewhere yo this girl is crazy guys
wait guys just you okay what the hell
wait guys what the hell she okay like ah
she's alive oh my god look at her look
at her she's legit serving so yeah
pretty much that is why I came over to
the beach guys the thing is the weather
was really nice but I kind of got here
late so yeah she's literally the only
one in the entire ocean right now I
don't even know what to say right now
like there's a ton of people at the
beach but nobody's going in the water
cuz it's freezing okay so right now I
quickly came over to this desert place
they have guys they make dessert with
liquid nitrogen right check this out oh
my god
at that dessert Oh
dynamite thank you holy moly look at
this so this is actually like Oreos that
I've been put into like nitrogen yes Wow
okay well that was funny I was right now
we just finished up at the beach and I
realized I didn't even show you Nerine
not sure now guys she knows hey so guys
we just finished up at the beach right
now that was a bad idea
no it wasn't she was the only one in the
water like she was she was swimming in
like cold water there was nobody around
it was fun it was a reason at all why
was there no one else in the water
here's the thing right now I quickly
came over to the mall I'm gonna drop her
off here and then I'm gonna go pick up
my family and we're all gonna go to have
like dinner or something I don't know is
that a good idea yeah anyways guys for
now I wanna quickly go home and I'll see
you with the family right now I just
made it back home I've been in the
family you are about to head out but me
and my sister just made a new mole blogs
handshake Rachel I just do decide right
now me and the family are heading out
guys and mommy Mo's gonna be driving us
in her new car for the first time today
so right now mummy boat is driving her
Rolls Royce guys
mommy eyes on the road eyes on the road
no we legit mommy eyes on the road Hey
mommy you a gangster you a gangster rule
you engage the mummy you a gangster
that's my mom right there
we're distracting her what am i doing
I'm trying to hide my mom up bro so new
cautious I'm trying to hide my mom up
she's the best driver ever we are you're
screwing my mom's new rolls-royce
already no gang gang all right guys so
we're here at the mall and look who just
met marina Devo hi guys so pretty much
right now we just got to the mall as I
told you we're all gonna go for dinner
with the family
oh my god
Wow Wow this is a restaurant we've never
been to it's so nice basically they saw
your boys face they're like you know
what you deserve to be a VIP mom
okay fine guys we're a restaurant it's
like a Lebanese Arabic restaurant guys
so we're gonna quit eat some food here
but look this whole section has been
given to us like what why do you look so
shy so right now we've ordered our food
and everything is coming it looks so
yummy oh look at the salads oh my that's
insanity guys we got a nice fresh lemon
oh no way come back into the frame your
memory of that Drake's life what are you
guys laughing about I can see from the
corner of my eye oh the food is here
I'm sorry to anybody watching this video
that's hungry but the food just got here
oh my god oh my god bro okay boy so for
now we just finished eating our food
that we're about to head home but look
at the cars they have in the valley guys
damn there's a really nice lamborghini
gallardo here or Guyardo however you
want to say guys this is nice oh hi guys
so for the first time ever I'm actually
sitting in the backseat of the Rolls
Royce cuz my sister's driving and you
already know how it is guys that's how
you close the door you just press the
button oh yeah oh yeah as today is like
and everybody drives the car date mommy
drove it Lana's driving it Marion's I
yep my drive that her turn to drive she
said do you love me I'd tell only partly
I only love my bed or my mom's
are you so usually right now we're
actually going over to quickly pick up
some sellotape for my plate number so
you guys saw that I have a new plate
number but I still haven't put on my
Ferrari because I don't have the
sellotape very like it has special
sellotape so right now we're gonna
quickly go and pick that up right let's
do this okay so I did tell you guys that
I need sellotape for my plate number
guys and this is it done done okay so we
are back home right now and it is the
moment of truth guys it's time to put on
my new plate number 786 we were you're
covering the lights bro it's so bent no
put under you to putting on the sensors
sure it's so ugly event please come here
and look at it from this angle
what are you guys - what's a plate
number like that just go in the speed
cameras flashing that's like people that
start like this we're still normal are
you so the thing is you need some
special sellotape to put this on guys
this is like super strong sellotape so
yeah bro this is perfect no it's not
it's bent
it's completely are you mad bro
right now I'm clearly going to drop off
marine because two more she needs to do
a lot of stuff yeah it might be the last
day of seeing you yeah not tomorrow's
the last day Oh guys the thing is she
has flying back to Sweden very soon
here is the thing as before I drop off
Nereid I feel like we need to really
talk guys what I want to talk about is
obviously we've been seeing you guys as
very sweet comments you guys are amazing
I love you guys in the comments but the
truth is mid Noreen are both youtubers
and we're just hanging out you know
chillin so I feel like a lot of people
are jumping to conclusions and like you
know but yeah guys we're just chillin
okay the truth is we're just chillin at
the moment yes
Mojo's aside guys we're just chillin as
two youtubers clapping asshole please
guys this countdown with the comments
that's the truth we're just we live a
life anyways for now when a crazy say
you go by to nereid and yeah we'll see
you guys yo yo what's up guys what's
poppin yeah hi guys so I'm fighting back
home right now it has been a long name
but today's been super fun
the thing is I'm actually gonna end off
today's vlog here guys like it's really
it's just it's been a good day
laughter like we can just end it off
here by the way guys tomorrow tomorrow I
am announcing the giveaway winner to the
third phone so if you guys want to win a
brand new phone for free no literally
free yeah literally free guys all you
need to do is subscribe to the channel
and comment down below easy as that it's
your last chance cuz tomorrow I'll are
you picking the winner alright anyways I
love you guys I see tomorrow for another
vlog and yeah stay awesome
