good morning everybody how are you doing
so today's video is actually gonna be a
little bit different right now I'm a mad
psyching cooled me he came up with a
very very odd challenge idea so you know
what I'm all about that weird type of
stuff so right now I'm heading out we're
gonna be doing a very unusual challenge
today let's go why were you here why are
you gonna what the hell I just got here
and an honest years old what okay so the
thing is Adnan is actually heading over
to the gym right now we literally
randomly saw each other at least I do
see some at least I am right now I'm
gonna head upstairs to psych him but
check out what Carly I'm out here
there's actually a Mercedes 6x6
which looks like a tank out here so
check it out
what a view II Wow Wow
this is an absolute monster right here
but yeah as I said okay I did not do
anything let's get all right run run
let's go let's go all right so as you
can see boys I finally made it over to
sigan it's time for me to let you know
what the challenge is today basically
Sian came up with a very cool idea today
me and him are gonna go head-to-head
blindfolded we're gonna see who can
guess cars based on the sound aim I'm
not good at it I hope I went because if
I don't
holy moly my channel is going downhill
from yourself
anyways let's go guys and let's give
this a shot
let's do this so right now there's
actually more thunder in the sky if you
see that what you what is going on
that's crazy
look at this chrome blue rolls-royce
over here man Wow
eyes are every lightning strike is
shines of the curl the really weird
thing about this storm is there's
actually no rain going on what oh it
starts raining are you kidding me wow oh
my god what the if anything goes down
just just know I'm gonna be the first
one to vlog about it
y'all let me know if you guys have ever
seen something like this what the hell
specially in divine like it never rains
let alone that this oh this is not right
now
oh my good god if we don't make it out
safe I want you to hit a hundred
thousand this is life or death if this
channel dives don't forget yo check out
those stairs right now it's literally
like a Warfel like that's how fast the
rain is coming down yo I'm done if you
want to get out the car me just to show
you the man right now look at this car
oh my god oh my god holy money oh my god
like I just took a shower wow I can
officially say that there's flooding you
want to just get stuck yo this is crazy
yo yo looking on the water comes out yo
I say it's like the crazy the flashes in
the back look crazy okay so check it out
boys as you can see right now we are in
the showroom and we are about to do the
challenge so basically we're gonna be
blindfolded and we have to try and guess
the cars by just that noise
I'm gonna be completely blindfolded in
this challenge so without further ado
let's get the show on the road guys
I see okay so how are you next in the
Briscoe right now yeah
what do you think this is so much harder
than I thought it was so easy with my
heart it is my guess is an Aston Martin
first round zero dead and a dip dip dip
dip that's crazy
is that a yes doing a u-turn right now
Wow only one car that down
is it the Ferrari Enzo yes not bad not
bad
so right now it's sligon's turn to do
this boys I'm gonna go extra savage on
him okay so I think I'm just gonna be
easy with him right I think here goes
nothing boys
that's actually not easy just give us
what you think it is Lucky's in the
mercy bang we got a lot of keys over
here right now to check it out this is
the second key we're gonna big guys so
let's see if we can guess this are you
ready all right I still have a chance to
break even hi this is the lost car boys
let's go get it all right we're here
next to the Lost Boys
let's see how he does
okay so what is the car
so since we tied and I can't have that
happen
I need to know winner right now so I'm
gonna have him choose one more car if he
knows that one he wins I guess he
doesn't I went tiebreaker time do-or-die
if I get this wrong I sir I'm gonna be
so butthurt
this is going to be the decision
man it almost ate you up is in Iceland
morning and beats unfortunately I
somehow lost the Channing up to be my
teacher I hate you bro hey you just you
took my my channel was down here as soon
as I met you man my channel went
downhill man like he's exposing me for
not knowing cars inside that's it that's
I'm done man because you know what you
sitting inside these cars so you only
know how it sounds from the inside but
to be honest I I did lose on my channel
but I draw on his channel so it's all
good I mean it was a they are on his
channel I did a little bit better but
it's all good because his fans won't
even see me losing so I'm good man we
good yeah
I want to clear up one thing basically
psychons live streaming right now and he
told everybody that this is my new car
rental a no no no no now my whole
comment section is gonna expect this
okay so I've got to do it no you have a
good choice here either you go with to
check it out right now he made it back
over to science house basically we're
transferring files I don't know how he
ended up recording an hour of challenge
videos so yeah wait why are you closing
your not so Jeff secrets in there oh my
god that was a super weird idea that I
came up with out that you know I'm down
the thing is it had to come from sigan
if you don't know he made a video ones
where he actually took animals to choose
cars like he took animals car shopping
nothing you need to think out of the box
he recorded a 10 hour videos with
animals because the horse took a dump
for ya go Adam was Jude well I should
have I should not be promoting this in
any way like this is the pace I'll see
you guys at home oh yo look at that wind
right now
I was a check it out on finally home as
you can see I am literally about to fall
asleep by the way for anybody that
didn't see yesterday's vlog go check it
out this is not real by the way okay so
don't worry I didn't go buy a new Rolex
or anything it's literally so fake it
doesn't open properly like you get stuck
anyways there you go the watch looks
bling-bling okay so before I say goodbye
to you I just want to say if you guys
haven't already followed my mom on
Instagram make sure to go follow her I
know that sounds super weird saying like
oh go full of my mom but honestly she's
been killing it like literally she's
almost on 40,000 followers it's
ridiculous man
so yeah I just want to say thank you
guys so much for supporting me and my
family like it's gotten to a point where
my mum can hop on Instagram and like
literally get more followers than me
which is crazy but I guess if that's the
case I mean more power to her man mum
emo is killing the game right now by the
way if you haven't already make sure to
ban click subscribe down below or you
can click this button right here it's
the tree like magic and click here to
watch my last video and as always a Yolo
