yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so we're starting out
today's vlog by going house hunting now
actually explain something I got a lot
of people like literally just posting me
in the comments I look at these you're
looking for a one-bedroom apartment ha I
knew it is broke yo ok guys I just want
to say the place I'm looking to buy is
for an investment ok that's it today we
are actually going to be looking at some
villas now the thing is I still like the
really cool project that's like starting
to be built up and they had some nice
villas for a decent price although you
know what let me go check those out as
well oh look at this car look at this
car guys that is such a cool car oh my
god I'm pretty sure we've come to the
wrong place guys
there's camels I want to be honest with
you guys we are actually legitimately
lost right now like I got out of the car
I have no idea where we're going we
don't even have much fuel in the car so
yes but at least the weather is nicely
and it is look at the car guys look at
it damn off-roading in my baby a few
moments later oh look where we made it
over - oh my goodness we're going
through the weirdest areas ever like
this one is like Jurassic Park what what
so we finally made it over to the sales
office before we go and check out the
villa I thought I'd show you the plot
because it's really cool guys so this is
the area that we're looking to buy and
as you can see like this is the whole
thing so we're going to go take a look
at some of the villas the ones we're
looking at are these sized ones okay
on the left you have the kitchen so BAM
there you go I doing like an empty house
right so I'm sure you guys have it looks
like it actually is a pretty big area I
think this is like a classroom not too
sure now that you've made it upstairs
guys this is actually a four bedroom
we're looking at so this is bedroom
number one number two number three
bedroom number four is always different
stages so actually but it's nice I mean
it is a really nice safe
echo anyways there you go would that it
was bit like this so I'll show you for
now we're heading out here so important
catch you guys once we're holding an R
void so we just made it back home after
that crazy house hunting yo I'm gonna be
honest with you guys the houses we saw
were really nice okay they were nice but
the area I didn't show you this it was
pitch black so it's a new area now
they're just building it up if I buy
something like that and I want to move
in for like one or two years I might
have to go through the roads like fully
dark with the torch so ya see my mommy's
moving she's ready to move she's I I'm
ready I got the torch let's go
so right now I'm making to be doing a
very very special unboxing now you guys
probably already know what it is to
retire of this video BAM the snapchat
glosses and you might be wondering wait
wait a second when did you buy these
mochi I actually bought them like three
days ago just so you guys believe me I'm
gonna take you back to the dashboard
then right here you go whoa yo all right
so we just made it over to the MU guys
and I'm actually going to be buying
something that I didn't think I would be
guys I'm buying the snapchat spectacle
so we just go home guys I wanted to see
how my sister reacts to this get the
hell out of here you don't know what
this is now I paid for that thing over a
thousand thousand just because you
couldn't click a button yeah let's see
how they are these here they're way more
expensive than they are in America now
guys don't know how you normally get
these things they're from like a vending
machine again I know that sounds weird
but let me show you how you're normally
supposed to get right okay pair number
one it's so cool but they don't have
that here in Dubai so you have to just
pay and just get themselves as soon as I
open it means no refund so this better
be worth it
duh here are the snapchat spectacles
there they are as you can see boys Sam
when I press this button it should turn
on are you ready three two one oh who is
this it's like a multicolored charging
cable do you see that I love the
packaging you know what's really cool
guys you charge the glosses by putting
them in the box so I'm not sure if you
can see that there's a charging cable in
here so over here on the glosses you put
that right over here and it charges
clean the glasses it it was not try go
straight you this is so cool have you
seen me our public with these I'm
recording you just let me know I'm
recording you guys know one good blog
blog life is lit Oh
the bubbles you like my new glasses
look at me both
I think the snapchat roses are now
charged but what I just found out this
case has a battery level - thank you
yeah that's how choice it is machinist
think that that's not L for loser that's
a poor tool a as I'm trying to make my
sister record me but she's just being
way too Daisy come on come on I need you
to show them what is me yeah I'm gonna
stop forever I will never stop award of
laziest cameraman goes to Lana we look
at her well look at that my cat bubbles
hates when my sister walks near him
watch this I can walk go walk I did walk
again your ball what's wrong with her I
don't know I woke it walk towards him oh
that how did you need the snap oh I
don't even know what it stopped like how
do I know they're circling that that
doesn't means record it's still
recording
okay fine now we're going to catch mummy
no of Gordon right image snapchat on it
let's go guys we got it we got it
like it what about okay look you're
forgetting the place yo you're
forgetting the main point most of the
time what direction do you snug or no
you stop yourself you snap yourself yes
yo look over there
Oh guys if you ever see a girl wearing
those losses just know she's about to
expose your life she's I can't imagine
guys I'll talk to a girl nice ear press
down button
oh no I'm a zombie girl and some guys
like hey girl can I have your number
like what'd you say to me you have a
girlfriend all these guys man all right
well great being amazing Oh be careful
yes devil
hi we're trying to do a dance on no shot
guys my cat keeps meowing in the
background sound effect your son no shot
more your journey
your face looks like slipping holy white
like it looks like a chalkboard I don't
know I see you're blending here with the
wall mommy don't use all right you need
to contrast an abode you see here is
empty as a ghost but yes there you go in
case you guys have never heard of the
snapchat Rosses well now you have the
thing is when I saw these at first I was
dying they literally dying to get my
hands on them but you know what's going
to be interesting imagine you see the
Instagram spectacles Oh that'll be a
game-changer
if Instagram makes Instagram spectacles
I'm done so I quickly change into my
pajamas or right now playing a little
bit of late night FIFA and I sure wanted
to show you guys something so last time
if you guys remember me playing fee
falls telling you guys how I bought from
coins okay I completely
forgot to put the link of the website in
the description I told you guys I would
and you guys were roasting me so
basically if you guys don't know I love
like having expensive teams on games and
this is website which I buy coins from
so as you can see this my account guys I
go 1 point 5 million coins the case so
this is it so it's good the online gamer
King I'll leave the link to that in the
description basically they send you a
link and you can get your coins from
that link it's super easy so yeah just
for the people who play fifa I want to
make you guys a little bit jealous look
at the three players I just four guys
down Cristiano Ronaldo Gareth Bale and
Benzema you know this team is about to
be balloon we're going to get a sneak
peek into my sister's blog right now
this blog is from when granny mo is here
but wow guys so don't make your grandmas
do karaoke it's just it's cream cheese
always one of us say goodbye suppose you
hear by the way tomorrow I'm announcing
my new giveaway I know it's been a while
since I've done one so it's about damn
time so if you guys want to
automatically be in to win in to win go
ahead and subscribe so yeah as always
I'll see you guys some more yellow Yolo
bye Oh
