yeah good morning everybody welcome back
to another vlog so if you guys watched
yesterday's vlog you would know why my
sister's car is parked here basically
yesterday we had all the craziest storms
ever oh my god so I just want to say
that the car is fine the tree didn't
fall on there or anything so we Gucci
out here the first thing I want to show
you today is basically I got a DHL
package from my boy ally in London and
he actually sent me a birthday gift
which just got yourself
BAM shake it out I actually know what it
is so that's why I want to show you guys
let's get straight into the box oh oh
boom okay so check it out this is what
my boy ally got me he wrapped it in
carbon fiber wrapping paper which is
super dope BAM
check it out Wow
he sent me a custom mold blogs t-shirt
which looks absolutely amazing so let's
put this on right now oh it's stuck
anyway there you go that is my new
custom mold lugs t-shirt thanks to my
boy Addie and he sent me a card which
has our picture on it so thank you bro
appreciate it a lot
and yeah so right now I am going to make
a new invention so I you I want to
do this yesterday if you haven't already
seen I went and I bought a ton of
spinners and I need a look yeah I think
it's e I literally for over 20 cities
and right now I'm going to super glue
these on top of each other until we have
like a mountain acacia let's see if it
works
like we're you wet and super you to all
force them together right now hopefully
it stays so yeah they're do it like one
minute and it should be good I think I
don't know time to see if this sticks
together yeah we did it boys Wow look at
this holy moly look at my new invention
this is so cool Wow
the vago boys there is my new invention
BAM look at this so the thing is I saw
about it but it actually doesn't make
sense to put any more on top of it
because it will no longer fit in your
hand so I think I'm going to leave it
like this right now I'm going to go take
this upstairs and see what my sister
thinks about this so let's go check it
out boys right now we made it to my
sister's room as you can see are you
ready to see my new invention I just did
like an Albert Einstein on everybody
ready BAM
that is a quadruple its a quadruple I
super glue think you can I try it look
at it what tell me that is not
satisfying I'm gonna do the Guinness
world record
that is so weird I like the way that you
can actually choose which ones you want
to spin I think my sister's having way
too much fun with my new invention yo do
you think I should keep it going like do
10 on top of each other no the thing is
I don't want to waste any more I feel
like four is perfect anyway there you go
that's much no not chill cut hey calm
down
by the way you guys know we have
walkie-talkies now let's see if mommy
has one mom are you there if you are
people in those willing to hear your
voice is she alive
mom what she I don't know I don't okay
the walkie-talkies are not working and
even on I was just scrolling through my
emails right now and I actually found a
really really nice fan art that somebody
sent in
look at this wow that actually looks
really really nice so right now on I
just came downstairs we're heading our
way to do this game game game game yeah
you got a issue what you got a mental
issue
I like big beers that I cannot lie
you love them understand some guys so
when I do rock scissors and anybody can
and a bushy thing on you then you want
one
yo okay so I quickly finished having my
shave as you can see your boy is cleaned
up so the thing is right now my mama's
dastar together shopping so while they
do their shopping I'm gonna go see if I
can find my mom a Mother's Day gift so
yeah okay so I quickly came over to
Ralph Lauren I found like an empty
corner to vlog free so right now I'm
looking at like the woman's bags and I
never knew this but Ralph Lauren has R
and L on the bag so that's pretty cool
the thing is I don't know what my mom
would like all of these you know like
the thing is in my head she likes like
red and like bright colors but the only
thing I see is that one so yes so after
about 20 minutes of looking around I
think I found something my mom will like
thank you I go for like a smooth Gucci
bag the thing is it was the law firm
they had met it's like this pinkish
color anyways right now I think my mom
is this drawer eating apparently my
sister already got her again the thing
is almost like surprise her but no I
just made it some money more Ilana what
is
Oh happy Mother's Day mommy mo as you
can see boys I got our gift here but I'm
not going to show her until we get home
again so happy Mother's Day Lana okay so
since it's Mother's Day I'm going to
give my mom the best gift you could ever
imagine I'm going to let her do
unlimited food shopping how about that
I'm using it yeah I know I'm letting you
do unlimited food shopping like no
budget so since there's no budget we're
gonna get the expensive apples check it
out
well it's the last time we got want to
see it they don't really taste nice they
just kind of look nice I'm gonna be
honest oh my god what girl talking about
world record biggest pomegranate I don't
know what happened to good old fashioned
fruit but nowadays they're bringing the
weirdest stuff in the market now Premium
partner what the hell is a premium man
what what that is this what the hell is
this why this oranges and mini oranges I
don't know it that I got I mommy that's
no oranges his Mother's Day but you
can't get away with life my sister wants
to show you what the rules are in this
store no skateboarding or roller
boarding no skewers no hoverboard no
breathing no walking narcosis what you
like something my sister wants to teach
you a life back right now ago no she
does not cook like me
praise me pizza for everybody that wants
to stay single for the rest of their
life if you want to bring single night
you never know how to cook will fail you
oh oh
Lana is offering her future husband
frozen pizza anyways right now mommy
modes using the full advantage of
Mother's Day to go unlimited shopping
okay y'all I'm gonna give you a budget
now come on chill
we never have cheese in the house don't
lie you're getting it because of the
budget on today's episode my sister is
going to take you shopping with a girl
in the 21st century in the 21st century
girls don't buy normal eggs they buy
dinosaur eggs whoa holy moly this is
like the golden good luxury Cooper
I am Isis about some golden toothbrushes
whoa if you want to be extra cheap look
at this offer happy Mother's Day happy
Mother's Day to you happy loving thank
you you mommy mom we finally made it
home it's time for mommy mode to open my
present I kind of need look Dennis are
you ready done
Oh
oh my god no oh my god
it's like it's a nice light land of it's
like Barbie pink I don't know I thought
it's not let me know what you guys think
it's time she is a good jockey anyway
there you go boys happy bumping Jason
are moving and yeah thank you that's my
team I came off a lot of visitor are you
ready
but oh oh oh oh okay you guys can swap
places you go
go check it
wait why did we both get bags what the
hell why the hell did we both get ride
they're not identical since it's
Mother's Day we actually have a bigger
announcement to make right now what is
it okay so the big announcement is Molly
Moore is gonna have anything you guys
can actually gift or something even
cooler so you guys can follow my small
are you basically everybody to wish
mommy mo happy Mother's Day and doesn't
matter use Instagram so it's okay me and
my brother will try and cover up anyways
as always let's say goodnight so if you
hear I hope you enjoyed today's blog by
the way to all the moms out there happy
Mother's Day to you as well so I hope
you all had an amazing day before I say
goodbye to your today's look I want to
say one thing I've actually realized a
lot of people who have been getting
unsubscribe from my channel and not only
my channel but a lot of youtubers so if
you are one of those people make sure to
LIKE click on the bell on my channel
they like this bill that make sure that
you find out about my videos I know it
sounds weird anyways if you did get on
subscribe I'm sorry it's YouTube's fault
not my fault so you can go down below
and subscribe again but yeah guys I just
slide clear that up because I love you
like yo I'm going on subscribe what did
you do oh it's not really a as always I
love you all I'll see you guys tomorrow
yaaaay Yolo bye
