let it be known tool near far and wide
that Lana has been using her angel
elegant charm and power to make the
world a better place
Wow yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so today's look is kind of
exciting basically me and my mom are
heading over to look at some apartments
right now I told you guys at the
beginning of this year my goal for this
year is to buy my own place so that's
what we're going to go do right now
we're going to take a look at some
places hopefully if we find anything
good that means we can buy it so let's
go and yeah let's see how it goes man we
just made it over to the location guys I
think this is the building I'm not too
short so I'm going to go inside I'll let
you know how it goes I'm not sure if I'm
in a vlog or not like he was
embarrassing when you're there to buy a
property to vlog it you know they're
like wait what did he just come to video
we just made it into the first apartment
guys this is a one bedroom one so check
it out the thing I want to show you guys
is the view okay so once you come out
here
it's actually got a view to a stadium
what that is actually so cool so we just
made up this two bedroom well I just
want to show you quickly what this one
is like honestly I like this one a
little bit better and of course I would
it's a two bedroom but you see over here
so this is the living room behind me as
you can see and then over there that is
the kitchen so it's actually got like a
really queen oh the open kitchens
raising kind of like pass the food over
so for now we just finished looking at
the apartments guys I actually learnt a
lot like honestly like the guy was
telling me so many things to look out
for so I just made it back home right
now boys I'm super tired to be honest I
don't know what to tell you guys like
after looking at all of the houses and
apartments I'm more unsure than I was
when I went like I don't know why the
things I just got today they were okay
but I didn't really like them like them
if you know what I mean anyways I'm not
talking about this property thing right
now we're heading out boys yo I want to
show you guys something that I
absolutely love the cave
I love dark boards which
like this you know the ones where you
have to like open it and you see it whoa
it just looks so cool yo yo I'm about to
break it okay let's leave it right there
we literally found the most adorable
ping-pong table ever look at this one
this is like a baby version of a ping
pong table what is this is my mobile
let's go
this blows Wow no Punk you don't
slightly why don't alarm then guys alarm
is going off it's go I don't know I'm
putting these back they actually have
like some of the most random stuff in
this sport store like yeah scuba diving
equipment are you what I think it is
they're like a bunch of scuba diving
moss they have the breathing tubes you
know how like football that's about like
what boots you wear in scuba diving it's
about like what color you're like little
hole is like are you is that a real
thing look why write it to Mohammed was
like a family he's a huge fan and we're
both most it's like Moe and Moe and it's
just another moment oh oh okay so we
have a Momo and also to give like your
so subscribe everything I just do
everything and then I would have my mum
said look at the view you get from up
here guys
oh so so cool I think that's meant to be
like a guitar so I quickly came over to
the game store and let me show you my
childhood dream again Wow oh my goodness
they have a coffee wall over here guys
what the you know that is so you'd be
each of these is like a coffee guys my
mom tried to pull it off but I really
hope CCTV alright okay I don't think
it's just to put it off
that toy store is closed and that kid is
like crying is yelling listen to the
noise is coming out the haunted hotel
all the does the wrong dog that we sell
ensures a banker there go dancing
who said Marlo game from the hood Frank
you make we just made it home
holy moly this guy is that we need to
have kitty on a regime holiday like her
belly are you are you pregnant
she never moves I'm so fat I'm so fat I
will never lose weight today this is
real back home right now I should do
something I want to open a couple of
your fan mail pieces the reason is sis
its valid times day I want to see has
anybody sent me anything for Valentine's
Day so who knows there might be like a
mrs. Mobile's out there sending me
Valentine's Day gifts or something so
let's do this whoa let's see maybe one
of us will get something to do with
Valentine's Day
alright let's open the package guys
we've got a lot and I need a lot
cool first things first we're going to
open this one this is to me
whoa whoa Oh keyring is you'll be so
nice I'm pretty sure this is for Lana
it's like a purple teddy bear I'm gonna
see through one as well they also sent
you a what
Oh what is this they also sent my sister
some saw like chain and how does that
bear out on these next I swear you dying
to try and wear that they about to kill
I got get it up no don't even try don't
even for me I'd love to my girl Ally
Oprah's ending that in Pocket number
don't what do we have over here oh my
gosh that's a very nice job that's a
teddy bear you know it's not for me so
you might longer ya know girls a send
any teddy bears this is so hard
we need a knife everything out is that
we get do like people have sent us drugs
like just tell me the gun like a brick
like what is this is number two well
we're to all right so no shortage
chocolate or cream delicious they sent
us a bunch of cream one of them is
actually been pierced open wow this
actually smells lovely is this thing
you're gonna ring no no it's all you
it's all you mommy
with the criminal how people got an
engagement ring it's for you
thank you guys it I think Valentine's
Day is for her guys I mean we don't get
anything oh it's broken no even though
it's broken that is so beautiful this
one is actually for my sister it said
Lana rose so yeah let's see maybe
somebody sent her a Valentine's in him
whoever sent this I'd like some solid
duct tape on it huh what should we
setting you oh oh oh somebody's got a
little Valentine's is such a Valentine's
Day him Angel of the Year award
oh this ring ah oh oh I thought this is
so absurd you think it'd make sense you
don't know what it is guys and the
cringe award goes to my angel Asst
parishes commission what's that let it
be known sold near far and wide that
laura has been using her angel elegant
charm and power to make the world a
better place
Wow that'll be a wedding ring to match
that I mean what what else could it be
oh wow ah these tiny an angel the
criminal a judge you know oh my god you
ever sent this to me they know about me
so well
oh my god come on show it to them well
honey even the camera double
yeah the cameras trying to ignore it if
I don't get a by the time to get now I
quit
I'm hoping this is not what I think it
is it says it's a board game again the
only thing I don't want it to be is a
Ouija board
oh don't tell me I'm gonna read the
letter offer something maybe open it my
release on human you alright I don't
think that's the Ouija board oh yeah oh
this is a divided world in monopoly oh
my god it could divide millionaire oh my
god I'm one of your fans and I can say
that you're awesome and totally handsome
shout out to my ghostery I love you
appreciate the gift yo there you go
that's my bad makeup guys I love it I
love it
time for the final thank you this one is
crazy dude this better be a big part
oh oh my goodness I think you're off to
the wrong model is it no putting my
birthday in here and get the next bus yo
let's see what this woman does
hey yo oh my god they send me Ferrari
and bones holding money I don't even
want to open it feels too expensive much
love too bad she's literally one of my
biggest supporters ever guys like this
day one send me a Ferrari his oh I'm
sorry we're going to do a little
unboxing right now guys this is insane
there goes nothing guys
done whoa oh my god Wow
look that is that carbon fiber I don't
think I've ever seen headphones pencil
to my knife you probably haven't seen
them cuz they're way too aggressive
this is like a carbon fiber case how do
you money let's see what it looks like
guys spam this is my favorite part
yo let me like a baby
I think I think that's it I think yeah I
think my Valentine's Day is perfect guys
I told you guys just believe in
Valentine's Day and something oh hi
my Ferrari headphone Darla please don't
send any more suited okay so don't do
that anyway I love you as always stay
awesome if you haven't already
subscribed to the channel make sure you
bangin smash my sister's face with the
mouse right now so you can subscribe and
click here to watch my last video as
always Yolo Yolo adios
buh oh right on all right you guys are
life I'm sorry
