I'm getting me yo everyone good morning
welcome to another vlog so today's gonna
be a pretty special day
apparently Floyd Mayweather's in town
you guys know Bam Bam Bam besakih
intentions I hope you doing great I love
family you know for the first place I
hope you know that I'm feeling I'm about
to play close attention a woman playing
exactly
praise the champion boxer himself guys
so my friend two deals on wheels are
actually giving him like a custom
doubtful guy and I was like yo I have to
come and just see this guy so right now
I'm heading over there to see what's
going on and yeah let's just see how the
day goes
right so check it out right now I just
made it over to Bill's overalls as you
can see behind me there's a Bugatti a
Ferrari Enzo but what's even more
special is it Sam check it out guys the
money
that is crazy right it's got a name on
the back and everything that Floyd
Mayweather guys oh we want to stop let
him believe it come and my next can make
something not a shit but for now we're
heading out guys we're actually going to
be taking the blue Bugatti right now
it's all ready to go
Bugatti all right yeah this is crazy
we're dropping Floyd Mayweather off his
garment look at this look at this
whoa engines on go in by dalian Baba
I'm going like right this is a god right
now it's car is crazy I don't think you
guys realize what car is right now the
first up with this car is actually the
petrol station guys we you don't want to
run out of you so let's go oh boy
getting outta my body okay so check it
out right now we just go over to the
petrol station as you can see the whole
squad is out here this is a blue Bugatti
I was driving my friend's Queenie gonna
fill it up with some gas and the second
Bugatti is over here down look at that
look how badass this one looks the money
team so the thing is we're actually
going to go and drop the cards off at
the hotel where Floyd stays like but I'm
not sure if we're going to see him today
okay so yeah we're literatures dropping
it off maybe later tonight we'll see him
I'm not sure but as you can see
literally so much worth the cars around
you right now the Enzo itself is a beast
here we go
I don't even know what this holiness
that is a banger man I don't know how to
use the radio on this thing guy so we're
stuck on one station man you guys are
you save our life with some nice music
right now you can't imagine your singin
like three million dollars right now
they this is this is more than my life
like a dream this is literally more than
like if you come to sell my body guys
don't I get the hell out of here with
our trash you ain't getting the car like
I love the fact that you can see through
the roof look you can actually see into
the sky right now
who are these reasons in the Bugatti you
get them some medical help right
let me type underneath a freudian over
my clock time for some fun facts guys
did you know this is one of six Bugatti
Huber sports in the Middle East or
something like France for this cause a
very special one that we're driving in I
can't believe we have such a good angle
right now I know thanks for your size
you don't even want to know how we're
balancing this right now we got
sunglasses we got like ah anyways thank
you
start to catch up with other guys now
just remember
look at the straw drive out in front of
us we're making great money over here
that is a 10-6 look oh my god these are
random cars in the street does
I think we're just putting up the hotel
right now so we're gonna drop the cars
up over there what an experience yeah
look at this you want to charge your car
I mean you're positive that you can I
can pull this out and put your phone on
it and then just put it back spin it
like that so you pick it up I just smell
the flame from that you know you can
actually see the board honey from from
here yo we can see right above you oh my
god oh boy we just pulled up over to the
Burj Khalifa down look at that view
right now look at so cleaning up a whole
team if you fuck that shit then you
might get stuck try to tell your son
tell your boyfriend own ambitions I just
tell you try to tell you what they
couldn't see the vision try to sell
you're trying to tell yourself Alex what
you been missing
I know this is a beautiful card light I
hope you enjoy the car
mr. VIP a price went up my price I can
get here man all right check it out boys
you finally made it over here with the
squad as you can see behind me we're
going to lose the cars over here and I
think that's a goodbye
you're climbing no jokes aside we are
actually saying good slices of Bugatti
right now guys he's crazy right I mean
today was such a lost minute thing like
this was not planned at cool guys I Wow
all right there you go my Bible got it
so cool so for now we're actually
heading off you guys were saying goodbye
to the cards they're actually going to
be staying here the thing is I'm going
to go over to the shopping center maybe
later tonight we'll come back and maybe
see Floyd I'm not sure no promises guys
but today was an awesome day regardless
I mean let's just line up behind my
sister right now guys the double Bugatti
action back to our normal daily life
Easter's coming guys look at this oh
yeah so as I said later on we might be
meeting Freud himself guys so I want to
prepare myself like a Floyd hello
that's a I think what nerd lives on the
Bugatti anymore music he's really down
down yo look at that Aventador good
enough yeah you like it
he's like I'm not liking as I'm not
liking anyone I think he just said no
because you're videoing him
so finally Floyd Mayweather is like five
minutes away guys
so if he gets here hopefully we'll be
able to see him
oh there's grace yo so the craziest
thing just happened guys I love you
honest Floyd me where they just got here
with his whole team and I saw him I
literally saw him yeah but there were so
many people around him and we should
have logged I literally honest you guys
we could have vlog so at least we got to
see him he's somewhere up there right
now Floyd
are you there we're down here hello
anyways guys for not writing of all we
did see it like he was very cool I can
just imagine it from our point of view
guys he had a lot of jewelry arbitration
anyways but now we're heading out of
here guys we're gonna say goodbye to the
Bugattis I mean we drove this car so
that's all that matters man
I mean these we got Steve kind but I
think he knew us I swear I'm not making
this up he literally got out the car I
mean say you don't love you Lloyd me
whether if you watch my blogs mine just
let me let a brother know man let me I
finally made a home guys after is super
super long day it was a pretty fun day
to say the least but not them well I
wouldn't say I'm gonna start using this
thing so if you didn't see I felt like a
DJ mixer for my birthday I want to see
how this thing works like it's super
dope oh he's crazy anyways as was
obviously good night till it be here I
hope you enjoyed today's blog make sure
to subscribe if you haven't already to
be far as a family and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah Leon Oh
