so right now we're playing a prank or
Raj's driver he's in the easy car in
front of us and we're trying to do so
I'm going to indicate left and I'm going
to turn right yeah everyone good morning
and welcome to another world Seoul this
morning my sister is exercising outside
of the house if you can see that so I'm
going to annoy her I'm gonna go try and
chop this hour when she comes back
around guys like who runs around the
house like let's look at it she Gandhi
would leave you guys I got shit present
wait wait for Italy oh the thing is I
accidentally threw my ball above the
house guys so go good you're exercising
come on just go high there she goes guys
oh my god oh my god Lana Rose might die
right now give me the ball whoa look at
that the thing is my sister is currently
stuck upstairs so I'm gonna go and open
the door for her - the keys are now on
the door the keys are not on the door I
got the keys give you I got the keys
Tom push I opened the door what am i 12
million boxes yeah these are all you bro
you guys good if you tonight know I
exercise get ready
look what bubbles are doing right now
he's taking a shit I want to be
completely honest with you guys you know
that I don't exercise much okay and sit
yesterday but I did a bunch of push-ups
and I went football
I am tired and shit right now like I
feel like I'm about to die so you will
know that it was my birthday laughing
okay but I actually got a very very cool
gift which I never showed you guys so
thank you to my boy Aneesh he got me the
Apple earpods so check it out these are
the earbuds as you can see guys got a
little bit of plastic oh my god that
sounds so sighs my BAE there they are
inside the case guys so whoa I feel like
I've in the future okay so the thing is
they connect with your iPhone guys these
actually feel really good anyways there
you go guys these are the earphones
themselves I so I have to show you them
so thanks again to my man and he sure
gave me these and yeah from now on
you're gonna see your boys rocking these
earphones a lot I'm on the topic of my
birthday gifts guys I actually never
showed you what my mum and sister got me
okay so this is a special one I go oh
there's no more this is what I got so
bad
man is in town guys
so I quickly went on to put a bunch of
my birthday gifts on guys so check it
out right now your boy is wearing his
Gucci shoes he's little bit old backpack
that they got me guys and I got the
Louboutin rucksack let's go see what my
mum and sister think okay guys
alright here goes nothing check me out
BAM you liked it he cause it is afraid
it looks like an advertisement it
doesn't sue promotion I got you yeah so
right now my boys are on Hassan and
Kareem or at the Dubai canal anyways
right now I'm gonna head over to see
what they're up to you guys and I'm
actually gonna wear these bad boys oh
yeah if you remember these these are the
Jordan Chinese New Year's guys and I've
actually never worn them until now so
yeah just to prove to you that they're
new oh yeah uh-uh-uh-uh
Open Sesame oh so I finally made it over
to the canal guys check it out
look at this view in front of me right
now wow wow wow hey what's popping man
what you don't get it because I was on a
surgery yeah well I'ma be honest guys
this scenery is so nice behind me that I
closed it you Justin so you chose to
make this thing right yeah guys I'm Ron
spend a million dollars on this hashtag
what is the big of of it for now we just
finished at the canal area guys on wrong
finish with all this photos I don't know
why has some was here here's just a side
man man what the hell I'll say she is
funny just like above me right no
paparazzi plea here anyways right
oh my god I strike on that we got too
much shop Roger that way because I'm
lying to my wife
oh my god stop with the photo Center now
I'm heading out guys if someone has
and we saw cream as well but I forgot to
vlog you me item I'm sorry I know this
is really weird guys but right now I
came over to the Burj Khalifa basically
I'm meeting up with raw shit fatty and
Adnan and I think we're gonna go over to
my house okay so yeah we got an on in
the building guys day I'll do it
what the hell the piston idiot again me
and Adnan just found out something crazy
guys you see my boy wash it but the
Dubai's richest kid the guy who has a
Rolex and he's standing in front of us
Russia just got a new watch guys are you
ready to see what it is
Oh BAM man check it out what is this
watch 81 115 to us down check that out
if you see that this is number 35 of 150
holy moly wow wow I I got Adi Shakti I
got a Casio thank me you gotta run run
kill kill this is more because the door
closes oh my god I'm not even kidding we
actually closed the door that donto he's
coming behind us guys then yup totally
my finger got stuck again it's a rock
now we're playing a prank or watch this
driver he's in the easy car front of us
and we're trying to lose him right now
right there
so okay brush the bag dominant I'm gonna
indicate left and I'm gonna turn right
yeah well you're gonna see the easy car
to fail rules of highway Oh
oh that is men come on man there's
something messed up
you know everything is ah yes very busy
ology Brian I told you to follow me I
don't need to go I'd wait and good
anyways if you guys see the easy car
it's lost so if you find the heart
someone gets in five doesn't look as if
I would be excited all right guys so
Eddie's gonna try and do some boxing
right now come on you got this
oh oh oh you're recording that I was
what the hell I would have it so right
now we're actually about to record a
sneaker vlog for Russian guys he's going
to blow my sneakers so this is the
behind the scene this is a little sneak
peek guys as you can see banging you
don't real oh my god what is that
they're real man huh get the hell out of
here is that you Oh
I think you go man
so for now the boys are heading out
we're gonna see a dios amigos - I love
that word out of your peace out rocket
is all boom so I actually didn't show
you something guys Russian and his
family brought me the craziest chocolate
I've ever seen banging oh my check this
out
oh my god I'm not sure if you guys can
see this this is a work of art right
here I literally come in a frame look at
this a golden frame and it's just
amazing Wow well as you saw everybody
just left right now I scratched my face
and it's red guys so yeah if you're
wondering why I have a scar here I
create Leary's red and actually fooled
my skin but ah I cannot look at myself
anymore guys I'm just going to cover
this side of my face so it looks like
obscure face right now this one is me
I've got a quick little announcement to
make now I'm not sure how many of you
remember this a lot of people actually
forgot about this giveaway BAM
if you guys don't remember I was giving
away snapchat gloss is not a thing I
announced this on only like one of my
videos so a lot of people didn't
actually know is giving these away
so initially this is the thing I'm
actually going to change the rules to
win so you have an organic you don't
worry I said whoever leaves the funniest
comment on my video with me the cage
I'll be honest you guys need to step up
the level of jokes yeah guys you want to
win the snapchat loss is super-easy
follow my Instagram account go and just
at one of your friends or two or five it
depends how popular you are the more the
merrier man and just good luck to
everybody - before I clean up my room
guys one more time
check it out this is your voice sneaker
collection as you can see
son I'm gonna be honest guys I didn't
think I actually had this many sneakers
that I should eat a pretty good amount
guys I'm not even gonna lie so yeah
there you go
I'm gonna say goodnight to lookie here I
hope you've enjoyed today's vlog if you
did
mash the like button don't forget to
subscribe down below to be part of the
family guys crazy blows to come this
week as I said I need to buy my new car
so ah so many things to do this week add
voice I love you guys will stay awesome
and yes galeano
