good morning and welcome to another vlog
how you guys did today it's been a damn
long time since I've been to my post
office to collect Mel
so today since I still have the range of
Russell it only makes sense to go pick
up your mail in a big car guy so let's
go by the way one feature I love about
these stories if you lose the gate you
can press this button yeah I like that
oh this is a beggar
no by the way look at this Aston Martin
that is a really nice car oh my god that
is a banger that is the banger of the
season guys you know when you listen to
things that bring back so many memories
from your childhood
I actually feel old now so yesterday we
all did our friends arcade and I asked
their son do you know what you do is I'm
not sure if you guys do by lucky from my
age should know the card game you use
and he said no he said that he doesn't
know what you doing and I asked all of
the kids and none of them you would
invite so I finally made it over to the
field vocÃªs guys damn it's been a long
time since I've been here like do you
guys remember the days which we used to
come here every single week
anyways talk to your packages guys I
need to take the slips over to the main
section over there so I'll see you guys
outside once I get the big parcel ok
let's go ok so I clearly want to go
everything that was sent to us in the
PIO box guys BAM
check it out there is a ton of things
that you guys sent in including a drink
this is actually a drink guys so yeah
somebody actually sent me a drink from a
different country ah whoo all right so
there you go boys whoa ok time to go
boys apparently this one is fried y'all
guys so I'm gonna keep this bad boys
safe we need to bucking them up guys oh
hi we're good to go
no I advised this car trying to hit me
man get out my way no worries you you
guys you guys ever do that where you
talk in your car and then you just
smile another person ok so I finally
made it home boys quickly little stuff
at the post office time to get all of
this into the house guys so yeah
if you guys don't already know we're
still unpacking our cables so yeah so
Cougars so here is the deal guys now you
know that I just recently sold my
Ferrari guys I'm actually heading out
right now to go take a look at a couple
of cars so I think it's about time I
started properly searching now as I said
I've already seen a bunch of cars I've
been looking around but I want to kind
of narrow down my options today so what
if my options laid me straight off with
you guys is still a Nissan GTR
I don't know why I love the car Oh
Michael I didn't even know there's
people working in that house right now
oh my goodness
only motive my sister my sister just
walked by with a random gun okay what
the hell the second option is a Mercedes
G Wagon a third option is a Lamborghini
probably Aventador but there's a lot of
options okay that's just three of the
main ones guys so I'm gonna go out take
a look let's see what we're working with
a cow I need to see price tags what I'm
trying to say is let go car shopping
guide young boy so check it out I just
made it over to the car showroom now
there's a ton of cars I actually want to
show you something looking around to see
what I like the first one BAM
it has to be this Mercedes over here
guys just look at the color on this car
guys now honestly I don't know why I
love this like I love this car purely
based on the color it's just like it's
selling me dreams right here like
knowing your child and you love those
shiny cars and stuff like this is the
one guy
there's one car which I'm seriously
considering over here and I'm not sure
if I should show you because I want to
see thing I might end up buying it Sam
check it out so this white pearl Rolls
Royce over here is just a beast this is
like a mafia car guys look at it
blacked-out windows the rims are white
oh oh this is this is a bad boy right
here man one more car I want to show you
guys before I leave is this rolls-royce
phantom and I don't even want to tell
you why I love this car instead I'm
going to show you why I love this car
check out the interior guys bang look at
that interior for yourself wow wow wow
wow
this car has a curtain inside it so you
can close it and open it
it's got literally fur on the floor look
at this guy's oh my god feels so nice
like honestly guys as soon as I saw the
interior on this bad boy tell me you
guys don't want to buy this car as long
look at it come into my rolls-royce flow
could you imagine me sitting in this car
vlogging guys like this is crazy like
that van legroom yeah look at this Yahoo
right now I'm heading off the car sure
of guys but my mom just cooled me and
apparently the bank sent me some flowers
I know that sounds really weird but my
bank actually sent me flowers and the
thing is at first I thought maybe they
have a system where they send you
flowers for your birthday but no it says
congratulations on your new house so
once I go home I'm going to show you
guys what it is I have no clue but
that's really weird that means somebody
at the bank is what she loved videos and
sent me flowers all right Thank You Bank
I don't even know what to say guys
that's really weird
but really also at the same time so yeah
look at this beauty guys the thing is I
know look you have been asking me to buy
this car this car cost five million okay
take away four of those and I might be
able to afford it okay so I quickly came
over to the shopping center guys and bam
check it out I got another one so the
thing is guys yesterday when I bought my
spinner I actually gave it to one of my
friends so today they only had the pink
one oh look at this oh my god you guys
anyways right now I'm heading out my
friends to go have some dinner so let's
go yeah oh boy so I just made out with
my boy uh he's actually going to be
taking me to a special place we won't
tell you where it is until we get there
but they sure know you'll know as soon
as you see you're gonna know it's about
to go down
hi so we just made it over to the
restaurant guys right now we're at the
bar pop it some bottles on here check
this out guys basically it's so busy
here I literally they're fully booked
all the time so check it out these are
the milkshakes I wanted to show you Sam
so this is what they do over here they
make like these crazy ridiculous
milkshakes that is insane look at it oh
my god this is a work of art if you want
to have a milkshake guys shut up and
there you go those are the milkshake
look at this when you're bored you can
just put that on the table and let it
spin this on the camera it looks crazy
just made it over here guys bail deck is
how this is what it is yo this is one
hell of a milkshake guys hi whatever
tastes SS - what it tastes like
oh are you kidding me oh are you kidding
me ah it actually tastes like strawberry
milk there you go that's the milkshake I
wanted to show you guys that is as you
can see I really want to have like they
can be on the side guys I did experience
that we also go to our food so we're
going to clearly eat and then we're
going to head out of here so let's go
this is the aftermath of the milkshake
you start taking up all the gummi bears
one by one so for now we just finished
up at the restaurant guys we're heading
out here but look over here they
actually have Turtles in the war but you
can't really see them because that night
oh look at that guys there's a throw
down there
I think we're annoying them they're
trying to sleep or trying to see where
we go flashlights on they're literally
the milkshakes I showed you one hour
waiting time guys if you want to go
there without a plug but we got a plug
now so it's all good with it I got
sitting guys you know I was like I don't
want to get the guy trouble
I got a plug down look at this elevator
man so for now I'm heading out you guys
let's go let's go this place is super
busy enough all right guys let's go yo
alright so I just made a home guys and
look at the amount of boxes outside our
house so I just realized that my mom and
sister have actually made the house nice
wood look at this Oh mummy mo you are
the MVP right now so I just realized I
told you that the bank sent me a gift
guys let me show you the gift that they
sent me so I completely forgot about it
BAM look at this the bank they said my
bank sent me flowers and chocolates guys
Wow shout-out to my bank for doing this
man I think the CEO of the bank knows my
channel so that's why they sent it
because they didn't say happy birthday
they said congratulations on your new
house yeah I mean CEO if you're watching
this
I love you man I mean my bank account
they're not looking good at the moment
but just add some zeros in there are we
good let me actually read you the letter
that they sent me guys it says dear Moe
we congratulate you're moving into your
new house may it be filled with joy best
regards the priority banking team keep
writing your success stories Wow no
shout-out to the property writing to you
that is crazy
bye guys this to show you this is a bank
like a bank sent me Wow
whoa no way I know right I wanted to eat
them a mom wouldn't let me you know the
beauty
I think I'm no longer in party banking
guys like because like I spent a long
money this month slightly I don't sit
down myself please keep me as a large
design decisions
look at that stomach so good yes my bank
is trying to make me lose some money
here check it out the best thing is when
you balance on your finger whoa look at
that look at that that is the coolest
thing about this right now don't do that
so the thing is my mom and sister
actually didn't eat food guys and I
didn't know so right now we're gonna
head out to go grab them some dinner
because they've been literally working
so hard so yeah all right so check it
out boys right now he quickly came to
get some food
my sister's having some cheese data
breads over here I like when they do
that it's very nice it's so satisfying
right now that is what you call a stove
right there guys you guys look so
pleased amazing it's because we called
it flour baking flour baby oh we can see
that and there it goes boys all right so
there you go boys that is the dinner for
today
let's go today's been a really good day
so I'm going to sign out of the vlog
right here guys I hope you enjoyed by
the way on the sorry to say I'm addicted
guys so you're going to be seeing this
in my hand every single day like it's
just so fascinating look at that let me
know your thoughts about my new car guys
honestly there's a ton of things in my
head right now but a lot of you guys
have been saying boo got you guys the
thing is I don't think you guys know how
my bank account works is the
perpetration as always I love you guys
all I'll see you guys tomorrow
and don't forget click Subscribe right
here right over here guys okay and click
here to watch my last video as always
Yolo Yolo bye boom
