yeah good morning everyone and welcome
to another vlog our neighbors actually
brought a really nice gift check this
out they actually got your boy a
welcoming gift to the neighborhood guys
so they got a bunch of flowers over here
that says welcome home and they got a
cake so damn y'all neighbors if you're
watching this thank you guys so much I
appreciate the gift of officially par
the neighborhood now gang gang gang
actually I really want to freshen up a
little bit I'm just heading out right
now with the family but later on
something really really cool is
happening so one of my friends actually
invited me down to this basically I'm
going to be doing like a charity event
to raise awareness for like breast
cancer and what's going to happen is
we're going to be cooking some burgers
and auctioning them off to raise money
for breast cancer so super awesome
nice nice Roxie Alert paparazzi early on
no paparazzi player oh my god why is the
Sun so strong today by the way look at
this really cool building over here guys
what is that it is literally something
poking out that building I look so weird
and unique so right now we're actually
heading off to go get my repaired
cameras as you guys remember I gave a
bunch of my cameras in for repair and
they're all done now so yes we're gonna
have a bunch of backup cameras now by
the way check it out the Range Rover in
action emojis
what the hell does that so op be look
what we ended up finding they have like
big queues emoji oh this one the googly
eyes is the best one oh hi so we made it
over to the camera store and the cameras
are finally fixed guys check it out and
Sam look at this man okay but it says
sad damage she could no further warranty
wait what no further warranty
Oh oh my over TV we're legit on TV right
now guys live on CNN news we have
somebody photobombing oh my god okay so
I know this is really weird but right
now I'm at my friend's house guys and I
don't know how this topic came about but
we're going to check my blood to see my
sugar level guys so basically he's going
to make my finger bleed and then we test
the blood guys like I've never done this
before
honestly just could turn into a sad look
where like I find out I need to do some
data I don't even know it doesn't check
for disease right now just like it
that's crazy I know what I find out so I
want my finger
yeah is he gonna make me hurt like
nothing that I can't let some betray my
money
oh you know oh oh he's making me please
oh my god it's needing money - how much
blood do you need okay are we done are
you kind of hang on it fully multiple
addresses per second to you
you are not the father there is no need
more sugar sugar not Donald oh boy okay
so we just finished our friends place
that was I should be really cool your
boy did his first sugar test in like
forever and I don't even think I've ever
done that before guys so thanks for me
we have a good sugar level yo I want to
show you guys something really cool they
have on this building it's like this 3d
art check it out guys so I'm going to
try and zoom it in it looks like there's
a guy looking into the window you know
I'm saying guys look at that that's not
even on the other side there's a girl oh
my God look at Holly why fight like in
front of me like a Nolan Network we find
there's like a million people next to us
with Internet I choose speak like a
resource ok talk my dock it's funny
Lily Jane she's coming back to define
like yeah I see superwoman right Wow
superwoman is coming to device and
you're superwoman if you're watching
this I'm here by the way so don't miss
me I came I'm watching you hi guys I
won't you guys go spam out superwoman if
you're coming to the bye you have to
meet more loads right BAM around right
now
Oh killer when mobile on BAM out
Superman come around we're home life's
gonna yeah modular Scott guys make sure
that if she comes receive hurricane I
have to dress a long shot bitch so me
and my sister actually found something
really really cool they are like these
women's purses made out of money
they look like money if you know what I
mean the eyes Dan knows I y'all I don't
have money but my purse is $100 oh can I
can I give my person
Thank You du Liban is that I don't even
know you guys know how much my sister
loves the evil eye thing guys they
actually have an eye purse over here
supply literally if you wear this around
you're never going to have bad luck like
ever
how much is it check the check the price
tag how much five thousand but you're
such a cheapskate manner other I thought
five thousand your handle inside fees
and they light up like Windows wipes but
haven't even show them what it is okay I
am inside there it becomes like a little
more close-up right look at what we just
pull it over here at the store guys
daily what is this thing I it look so
cool what is the purpose is very funky
looking
oh my god chicken are evolving now later
they're taking okay I preach PG
certification and it says happy Mother's
Day oh god oh god
look at this they have a flying ghost
in this gadget store guys I've never
seen a flying goes to my life
Wow Wow I'm going to show you something
I've literally been looking for for the
past three weeks and they finally boy a
guy's bang if you guys don't know what
this is I've seen a bunch of these on
Instagram this is what it does boom
these literally spin it for years guys
all right no it's like a fidget I don't
know what it is guys but they're
literally so cool look at it hello it's
so cool this thing will spin forever in
your hand and it just looks so amazing
Wow anyway there you go boys I finally
bought the spinner here is in my hand
this thing is so satisfying Justin okay
guys time to check it out I spin it over
to the event guys basically as I said
over here they're doing like a
fundraising for breast cancer and we're
going to be making some burgers against
a gun right now with my friend Moe
al-thani and we're ready to make the
burgers basically I'm going to make some
crazy burgers and hope for these I sell
them for a lot of money to raise money
for victims lost your humane Directorate
guys thousand ten thousand dollars so
hopefully you can beat that so let's go
do it
wipe out my sound what
right now over here my boy absolutely
guy she's helping out making the burgers
and we might he made the coolest burgers
no force or check it out this is the
burger as you can see Pam and we have
even bigger milkshakes over here so
right now we're making the next burger
as you can see crispy and crunchy what
do you say right now my pattern is as
you can see my brother's right in the
front I have no idea was doing that one
yeah thank you
there's my brother right there when are
you going to make why are you riding my
bike one yard not one you may not
okay yeah when looking to go to DJ in
the house and say carry on
ah
they are really yummy
and here's was there you go we just
finished the charity event free also
event to be honest is super super fun
air cooled by ten thousand dollars
somebody bought one for which is crazy
in one go I was just a milkshake more
than anything guys the milkshakes were
crazy all right I want to try cause I
just let me get some for free is about
to run over an hour heading on home guys
awesome awesome day
so honestly guys basically the
milkshakes you saw were from my
grandma's restaurant so um I just have
to go one day and have those no-show
jobs I'm just putting that out there
like I saw those now I just can't stop
thinking about this milkshake or you
looking at I'm dumb looking at you're
driving man I'm scared
Margot Robbie how we Gucci out here Maui
good that's not me why we do it now
I guess I coulda came over to the gadget
store again because they have some
really cool drifting toward which I'm
going to try out right now guys it's
meant for kids but trust me it's super
awesome
it's that thing right now my brother is
trying a new gadget but all right it's
about to run away with
hey that looks cool oh my gosh he's
going right I really came over to the
Apple section in the vertical guys and
they have Apple watches not nice no no
like I don't know why recently I've been
really fascinated that watches so I
don't even not the work this thing guys
come on see look at this it's like a
different bunch of modes how'd you do
this I don't even know I can teach me
for what my god there's so many photos I
think people are taking photos with this
oh my god whose or this it was funny
what the hell somebody's actually Chang
on this phone looking forward to see you
get the hell out of here man replies yes
reply nobody singing today so now that
we go home guys we're actually having
the cake our neighbors got us to check
it out
BAM as you can see this delicious thing
the flowers look really nice the thing
is guys yesterday when they got the
balloons they were in the air but yeah
they kind of deflated now so yeah that's
super awesome welcome home ah oh yeah
Nadia Nadia thank you guys who said
bowlers ain't from the hood whose temple
blows it I run my neighborhood brah
anyways other words I love you guys
we'll see you guys tomorrow if you
haven't already make sure to subscribe
to the channel to become part of the
squad and as always I love you good
night and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo Oh
