is this here what's this my new car Joe
enjoy I'm sure are you serious yeah
right oh my did I'm all ready yo
everyone what is up good morning and
welcome to another vlog the thing is
yesterday when I stole my Ferrari I told
you that my friend lent me his car but I
never showed you guys what it is so BAM
and check it out you're void I had a
Range Rover for a couple of days so yeah
your boys gonna be whipping in this bad
boy look at the interior on this thing
guys oh oh damn that is mean black and
red baby gates open oh yeah look at that
by the way I'm not sure why this is next
to our house guys but somebody has
filled a glove with sand like look at
this this is so weird like it honestly
feels like a like relaxation toy guys
I'm not even kidding you know those
things that you squeeze this feels like
that engine on
let's go bye-bye house see you soon
hi so I clearly made it over to the
shopping mall because I need to head
over to the bank guys the look at this
color on this Audi r8 wow wow wow wow
wow
this looks so beautiful it's perfect I'm
gonna prove to you guys how much I love
it because even before I started
vlogging when I was driving by it I took
a photo sir when I was driving by the
car I took a photo just to show my
friend to see what he thinks about the
color so yeah I'll be honest with you
guys my bank accounts are not looking
the best right now so we gotta go sort
that out okay so the first place I've
actually stopped at is the Apple Store
guys now the thing is recently I don't
know why I've kind of wanted an Apple
watch so I quickly came to take a look
at them they're actually pretty cool I
can't even lie like the thing is before
I used to be like super against them
guys but now I want it if you know what
I mean so yeah all right well that was
actually a pretty good start to the day
guys I always love when I get my things
done you know like things that you need
to do so yeah time to close the gate I
don't know why I love the sound of the
gate closing it just it's out those guys
buy so since we've been in this house
the cats have actually never been in the
garden guys so right now we're going to
release them into the wild okay let's
see how this goes good good good
are you ready to go out as I said they
haven't been out at all so this is their
first day coming into the garden guys
come on bubbles come on out oh he's
scared to come out they're not actually
leaving the house guys I thought they'd
be really happy right now but it seems
like they don't want yo yo there he goes
freedom
oh he's smelling I think he doesn't know
whose car this is like I've never
smelled this car before he's lift all of
this ah look at him guys
this guy's the funniest guy ever guys he
loves the fan so much right now my
brother's about to do a really cool
trick for you guys um I'm going to
attempt to do my first backflip guys
since we have like grassland yeah but
you're doing cartwheel he's gonna break
us back what if you can't do it and
you've never done it before you just
cannot I seem you'll just do it like in
one go you've never done it before do a
backflip what was that
no it wasn't it's the glare you flopped
on the floor there's no way to have you
my sister's going to back that for you
guys right let's go
this little here I don't think I'm
flexible enough for a back knit but A
for effort that apron so I've actually
been discussing with my sister if we
should buy a Range Rover guys because
since I have this car for a couple of
days I feel like it's growing on me you
know what I'm saying guys so if you
check it out
the combination on this car is amazing
look at I open the doors it's got like
the perfect interior it's like it's
operating right like going to desert you
never got to do this yeah good bravura
you know when people give excuses to why
they want something so it's good for
going to Antarctica I mean finally look
at how beautiful the sky is at the
moment guys that actually is really
really nice yo I'm not sure what
happened outside guys but something has
bitten my arm and it hurts so bad
I think when I did the back flips there
was like some insects on the ground look
at this what it's like what happened to
my arm the thing is right now
going to be heading out to go see my boy
Hassan he actually doesn't even know I
sold my Ferrari literally nobody knows
at this point guys so yeah he's going to
be in for a surprise when I turned up
with the Range Rover guys I'm not sure
if you see that bubbles sees a bird
right there so he's trying to hunt it
right now I feel like I'm on Discovery
Channel right now I literally he's about
to jump at the bird right now so yeah Oh
guys he's slowly creeping in ah he
failed the bird flu Wow all of that
anticipation bro he's such a bad hunter
I for now let's head over to my boy hash
then let's go see what he's up to and
let's see what he thinks about the new
car guys alright engine on Oh mommy do
you soon what is my mum she's got my
phone in there guys look she snooped
surrounding my phone hey yo ma let me
get my phone back
hey your mom let me get my phone back
worse I'm literally two minutes away
from my boy hi son let's see what his
reaction is to the Range Rover guys get
off he's standing outside you're
standing outside is this he was this my
new car no joke
I sure are you serious yeah oh my dears
I'm all ready for this do you like it
yeah dude oh my god in ship ready oh
you've got me
it's not my car either oh sorry
Hasani still confused why I'm in this
car there's a reason I missed everyone
why do you think I'm the star all these
are being you know no Shh Oh gotcha
Radio Raheem yo with that check I'm not
suppose you listen to everything look
it's a good deal like be easier I know I
sold my Ferrari not looking guys so I'm
right sir I sold my Ferrari
on anomalies why don't you believe that
I saw
are you guys he's just you just gotta
how old is it six months old ideally
humming you know Stephanie guys that
many was so nice in the family so right
now me and a son decided to come over to
the outlet mall which I haven't been to
guys so basically there's two outlet
malls but this one looks like a damn
castle like I could out that village
guys it's very empty so I'm kind of
getting worried now guys but this is
what it is that is costly looking thing
oh my god this place is literally so
cool but I don't know why it's auntie
when I say it's empty I mean it's empty
guys like it is a shopping center
awesome positioning literally just us I
mean security guy hello there guys he's
onto us it's all true I was like you
know let me lie to him no one have comes
here oh my god this place is beautiful
though I have to admit guys Wow yo boy
so you finally got over to the sports
store right now we're in a D - Nikes
right next door so as you can see
literally like a warehouse of shoes over
here like Danny what we've got more
shoes than money Kings right now
everything number one is already cheap
and they have a deal look buy one get
the second a half price so it's like
literally Jamie I want to get rid of
everything literally everything just
like me take it all take it all I'm
trying to see if there's anything nice
nice right now that limited like Yeezys
maybe maybe somebody left around a pair
of Yeezys they didn't know what it is
not damaged one of these it's a mom's
home price by the way look up who we
have over here guys we go back on the
vlog you guys might not know her but
I've known her for like a year through
the adidas course so we out here we got
people everywhere plugs out here can you
really know what we're gonna find here
she's awesome guys she's helping you
find an outfit right now actually that X
is really nice now yes we trying to get
my big extra bloody X she's gonna star
me out right now
ah come on get out of here what don't
matter to me like this bailout like he
don't like I don't like you now like I
love you
I'll go put it here goes nothin I'm
clearly going to wear this t-shirt right
now so yeah whoo all right check it out
boys this is what it looks like I feel
like you have to have like better shape
than me to wear this you know the X has
to become smaller I don't think if
you're asleep
she rang this blood on me guys I don't
know I think it looks nice I mean oh
yeah I don't know what it is guys but
every outlet store you come there seems
to be like millions of shoes like what's
up with the shoes I mean all mistake one
is outlets and advocacy yeah we're so
cheap look at these guys we're like
lines and lines of shoes out here this
is why I don't respect catch them this
is the exact reason under repair kindly
offer assistance that wasn't using all
signal before me and my voice say
goodbye to each other we came on a
little mini date right now we're having
dirt together guys but this place has a
bunch like these gloves guys you know
like the one that was outside my house
so I want these the case so it doesn't
hurt anybody if I just take a couple hey
take it yeah bro what the hell I'm
taking more than just two miles I'm
taking the whole thing the people
watching two people are watching on that
day
the basic economy sunlight guys I feel
like this restaurant those are on a date
you know the system you think listen to
the music
that's a super super late guys are
saying goodbye to hassle right here so
pieced out adding your some Eagles and
hit the dab on them you don't that what
the hell are you aunty dad I'm not angry
yeah I just don't really know how teens
and I can do one down for the lotion
advert oh okay so now we're heading
after you guys to fish out in a let's go
well I guess I couldn't be stopped as a
petrol station on the way home to get
from my milk and stuff guys but I
realize they have kinder eggs now what
section about this is in divine normally
they don't have the kinder eggs like
they asked you know that new kinder bowl
I don't even know what you call anymore
Oh basically I realized that these are
actually exclusively imported from
America guys the ones yeah so it's super
super late right now just made it back
home guys honestly I've absolutely
exhausted Ryan house and it was actually
a pretty good diagram all things done
anyways absolutely I'll see you guys
tomorrow I love you all by the way if
you haven't already make sure to click
here to subscribe click here to watch my
last video and as always
ah
