yeah everyone what is up good morning
welcome to another vlog so my mom and
sister literally just go home right now
what is them over home kids oh my god
bubbles is about to die amazing yo this
guy's sometimes like he's in Beverly
Hills Wow look at his damn legs I
couldn't went and got ready boys because
right now I'm actually heading out and
I'm sure you guys know what's coming
next because you clicked on the video
I'm actually selling my Ferrari today
guys so I made the decision it's
happening guys the thing is I think it's
time for us to change cars and I know
this is such a random decision for now
I'm sorry to say me and Stephanie are
breaking up in our relationship guys
hopefully one day we might reunite man
maybe I'll see Stephanie on the road
somewhere now bye hey Steph remember me
we started having difficulties in the
relationship like sometimes I'll tell
her hey take off your roof and cheers I
know I don't want to I'm not taking off
my roof for you and all that you're
Stephanie you look nicer without the
roof um it feels it feels so sad to let
go but who knows maybe there'll be a
heffa knee next oh oh you got a definite
I got a Hemi for now I'm heading out to
go drop off the Ferrari guys so peace
out you can see the bumper right here
oh you're opening the roof oh now she
takes off her a roofie No hey without
you my friend and I'll tell you all the
second I literally made it over to the
showroom and look who I just ran into
this is literally completely by lot like
I'm here to sell my car and I see sigan
over here what do you think about
Stephanie leaving the family who
definitely my car anyway the other
Stephanie I got that that would be and
here's guys literally we just both got
here I'm not even kidding I saw them and
I was like wait what the hell I am doing
here so yeah guys top secret it's a car
buying season so we're all trying to buy
cars man the thing is guys I want to see
the car I have in mind might kind of be
a downgrade but there's two so I have
one which is like really high up and
there's one that's like down so yeah
they're all luxury car so right now me
and sigan are actually having a look at
the same car because sigan might also be
buying a new car guys so we might be
fighting for this one adventures or they
have over here guys who's is it going to
be I've got the keys first ones of the
car gets it guys but honestly this is
like a Batmobile Aventador like if you
look at it it's literally all blacked
out and if you go on the inside guys it
is so nice so the whole outside is black
and bam
the interior is full red Saigon who's
gonna buy it first
there I go ahead it's actually on it has
the special exhaust if you hear the
sound is different than the regular
vented or I need my ear pods the noise
resistance but but anyways that's what's
going on at the moment guys as you can
see somehow me and sligon are both in
the car buying scene again where we're
buying another one another one okay
never take big decisions on the movie
building or actually go eat right now so
where are we going guys we're going to
we're going to go to Sophie to eat again
I'm not even sure if he's going to be
that today but it's alright since we've
already seen him we're just going to go
for the food now you know so me and
sligon flip from the car store to the
electronic store because he needs a new
phone guys and look what he's doing to
this one he's completely violating this
iPhone doom the price just went up on
this iPhone the price was no was $3,000
fourteen thousand thirteen thousand are
we blessed you guys yeah we blessed you
peace out what the hell are these guys
do we blessed you with that bubble beast
out time to go hit up my boy Nostra and
see where he's a key looks at it no
stress actually it means meat so he's
made it worse Lee yes yes what is your
name
it isn't really but he's left the house
about exposes ass other it's not
actually a balloon really go see him
that is the money truck where they
transfer money and they're emptying it
right now do you hear that dear guys
listen to all that money means if I
decide
- to look in Germany you would have an
army of people here thank you
now they're like we're just watching
them move money right now guys look at
that bag the money right here
wow did you see they're just empty cash
I wasn't that much and I think this
coins that that's what they're like if
somebody's - that does return with the
coin right I don't even know what just
happened right now I think I've been
hacked on Instagram you've been logged
out of mobile account owner may have
changed the politics what the hell your
last post was the rabbit yeah get that I
get them out of here
no worries guys I got my Instagram
account back I don't think I got hacked
okay I think it was just me and
Instagram have a weird relationship is
the guy always loaded me out they never
verify me
I mean Instagram listen I love you but
put some respect for my baby for now
we're heading out for you guys just in
case you're wondering psychic did come
with the Bugatti Wow look at this oh
guys my Ferraris literally right across
the link of this so let's go and yeah
let's go feast I'll see you guys once we
get to not try cases we're late so
nothing this that new tracking we're
back here with my man over here mister
flamethrower
yo Saiga what are you doing check it out
the psychic got a very fancy drink what
is that I fear my friend Mohamed Bostock
coca-cola's over here so yeah this is
enough stress salad oh oh I'm not sure
do you remember my gosh in the last
video he's back again Jimin he's always
here with his double flamethrowers guys
the Zygon is right don't worry you stay
get your safe the steak just made it
over here let's go let's do this we're
going straight in guys oh look at that
that looks delicious right there guys Oh
now that is what you call meat right
there hey damn check it out guys
your boys got the official Nusrat knife
in his hand
I don't know why would you make it bet
they like if you think it's gonna be
frozen comment if you think it's not
going to propose nothing nothing nothing
but it's cold let's go happy birthday
below so we're playing a little game
right now basically the bilges game and
basically whoever is the farthest away
from the price
hey guys so we have the guest house it
is what you get
out on our phone okay guys so one eight
seven seven I love it I just realized
that somehow today there's two Bugattis
in the parking over here what should an
so as you can see psychons Bugattis over
here and then there's like this white
one over here Wow Wow for now we're
saying goodbye to psyching guys uh uh he
just he just broke $1,000 earbuds
alright so for now I'm gonna head on
home guys as you can see right now I'm
not in the Ferrari anymore as I said I
just sold the car to deal the real guys
so the Ferraris good I love that car so
much but I'm looking for a new car at
the moment so soon hopefully soon a new
car will be coming guys and you guys
know what Carmen at the moment if you
don't know I'll show you guys tomorrow
okay at the mode it's late at night so
you can't even see that well but yeah I
mean it's got a gorgeous interior okay
so a lot of you asked me about this the
other day and I completely forgot to
show you on the vlog now a fan of mine
actually gave me a birthday present in
the mall and this is what it was guys
say yeah they gave your boy a camera
jacket so check this out it actually
looks really really nice today's been a
really long day already guys so I'm
gonna head upstairs to sleep but before
I do I actually really want to try out
this puzzle which I got yesterday in the
mail so let's click you open up just to
see like what it is guys I want to see
if it's easy or not gay whoa guys look
at this this is like a massive puzzle oh
my eye you know what I think we have to
leave this for later guys
that is crazy honestly I'm
confused as you guys are right now
number one there's a random ladder in
the hallway guys and number two there's
a damn printer in the kitchen yeah I I
don't even know what's going on anymore
guys like what this is not even safe
the wires are on the stove like what the
happen yes this house is a complete mess
at the moment before I say goodbye to
you guys today I shouldn't let you guys
do something crazy so you guys know the
video I made which I showed you this new
house like the mansion tour right that
video is number 6 on the trending page
number 6 like I'm not sure if you guys
know how big of a deal that is like
normally if I ever do make it onto
trending I'm normally like number 30 or
number 40 but number 6 is a big deal
size for the same thank you guys so much
like if you go in this video right now
I'm watching it right now guys banging
them I love you guys though if you
haven't already make sure to subscribe
and be part of the family and yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow have an awesome
day
Yolo Yolo bye wait you can click here to
subscribe as well click here to watch my
last video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
