yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so today is actually going
to be an amazing amazing day we're
heading out to do a bunch of stuff it's
not sure that my last days here in
London and you don't cut the winner
today fail it's actually blue skies
today so you already know it's about to
be a good day let's go so we came over
to this part to have our lunch guys and
look at the view behind my mum
okay my mom is throwing bread to these
guys and look what's happening she's
making all the birds come here we're
getting attacked by the Ducks
leave us alone look what you've done
look what you've done now no the dogs
are chasing my mother
oh my god she's getting attacked we
quickly finished eating my mom made a
big mistake
she said the birds and they started
attacking us so we have to leave uh yeah
I'm in the middle of like a duck war
right now I'm literally in the middle of
a duck for
so we ended up leaving the park because
my mom said that this area has like a
lot of nice houses and she was a lying
look at this thing behind me I honestly
thought this was like the White House or
something I want to show you guys what a
million-pound house looks like in London
BAM
check this out oh my goodness Wow
now that is insane so I'm actually going
to be doing something I've wanted to do
for a really really long time I shoulda
buy a bunch of lottery scratch cards and
see if I win any money so yeah let's see
how our luck goes now check it out boys
we just made it back over to the hotel
room and bam as you can see your boys
got 100 pounds of lorry tickets in his
hand so let's do this
so we're going to start with the
one-pound tickets because these guys we
want we want walked out we're out this
is intense guys I could change my life
with this right here goes nothing that's
the second one guys come on
you can pull off I told Suzanne pounds
oh we could win two pounds or a hundred
pounds
come on come on come on we doubled our
money let's keep going guys I'm good
firm enough we're still up right now so
let's not go aren't you underage for
this no no if I have to explain to you
how this scratch card goes because it's
actually a little bit complicated so if
you see over here guys you have a bunch
of bulls now what you do you scratch up
all of these I'm gonna do it for you
guys now and there's a bunch of numbers
okay so as you can see guys you have a
bunch of numbers over here and now we
have to scratch them off from here the
table
so we literally just finished scratching
of all the three power cards we spent
fifteen thousand bees at only one
five-pound bag so the next up Laurie
tickets I'm going to play are these ones
these are super easy so if it says pay
on them that means you win that Mouse
okay so we're gonna go for the one in
the middle over here so you guys look at
that it simply we want to pound we want
about my brother's still excited do you
wanna pound one pound we want you to
burn oh okay that's a pain that's a pain
all right let's see you guys amount in
Cooper this game is really an example
are you making I get damn younger if we
find a gem then we wind on now okay so
let's do this hmm look twice to beat Q
whatever it says here we won so this is
a million pounds in bunny
oh I 2 pounds that means we made our
money back okay yeah well we make two
pounds on the scratch card
oh god no we can win a quarter million
just one more one more Club don't do
that well that nice look at here but in
that about bags all the scratch cards
remaining now are the big boys let's get
it this game over here at the top you're
gonna have your winning numbers if you
match you over here you get a prize the
case so
I would have found the tutorial on how
to go broke guys keep spend that was
paid ten pounds and we want nothing save
rules on the scratch card if you get a
gem nope no gem fifty pounds to win
fifty built haha great start so there
are the winning numbers
same rules guys let's see if we win so
first line to changing nine no 1304 no
are you kidding me the game sucks I hate
that nice a good hair but you're not
above back this is how you go bankrupt
gambling guys I'm only doing this for
the sake of this video
first thing bonus if we get a twenty
there we're in 20 of course we don't get
a 20 there it's mine ways higher than
theirs I win okay some mine weighs 14
grams
there's race 24 grams ah okay so that's
another loss I feel like a gambling
addict right now like a find a number
seven to win number seven phone number
seven mom is lucky number I believe
nothing other than it is under the
reason so we didn't win no did we
who knows where that I don't know change
my name's we need to know that it away
there you go boys that is my 100 pound
lorry challenge to wrap up this video
I'm going to tell you guys how much I
won right now hey are you ready for this
there's that each of you guys one thing
is just don't buy them guys it's not a
good idea it's a very bad idea and we
probably only a lot of money
all of these tickets are losing every
single one so since it is my last day
over here in London I'm actually heading
out with my friends right now they're
downstairs and we're going to a
trampolining Park like you know this
massive ones which have everything so
let's go and have some fun so right now
we made it to the trampoline park as you
can see we got James oh oh I just met a
couple some people over here they were
sensitive all
so right now we're quickly going to play
this like fighting game over here IJ's
Akari
Oh
okay so they actually have a really cool
basketball place over here Oh
yo check this out they actually have a
tightrope over here - yeah and it's
wobbly guys no I
oh by the way if you're wondering why my
friend James is so good at this he used
to be a professional so that's why whoa
Henry's voice for now we're heading out
to translating part as you can see it's
really really empty now because it just
closed so we're heading out of school
you guys ready yeah unit that was
actually chaos I did not think that so
many people here and know me so shout
out to the US Court in London love you
guys
see you next time peace so every day of
me the voice came to eat some food like
a hot boy Hanukkah we got himself that
snake a I saw it worse so it it's just
going good just give us that so for now
I just made it back over to the hotel
again also awesome time hanging out my
friend as I mentioned today is my last
day so I'm not going to be seeing them
for a long time so I'm not sure how much
I vlog but I was trying to spend more
time with them than actually vlogging it
if you know what I mean guys so we're
here anyway just go up to the room sleep
tomorrow is our flight back to device so
as always guys some more going to be a
crazy day as I mentioned so I'm gonna go
catch up on some sleep and so should you
guys if you're watching this at night so
peace out I love you'll yell yo bye wait
don't forget guys click subscribe over
here and watch my last video over here
eh
I love you bye boom
