the item wants me to go outside for some
reason we want to know huh that's a good
thing hey guys what is up but we have
been planning a secret birthday party
for my brother so today we actually got
rid of him the birthday is about to
happen in a couple of hours from now
we're setting up some tables there's
going to be a buffet catering I'm like
super excited so I just came outside I
want to show you everything that's been
set up all the tables look gorgeous they
put like all these covers on it check
who made it here we've got rock in
the building we've got Adnan oh my god
yeah yeah check it out the car and the
driving shoes can y'all Rasta what does
that like to see you here
Bridget oh yeah we're going to be
surprising most so pants-off check it
out check who made it here we got Saigon
nice to see you versus this is we're
gonna surprise mark yeah he's actually
outside right now hey boys so hum as you
can see behind me everyone well most
people already here and this is going to
be really cool surprise for him
Natalia's made it here yo what is love
beautiful how are you
gorgeous
yeah my brother's in shock right now
yeah happy birthday when my mom came out
like you why is she just like this other
oh oh my god okay so my brother's about
to feast are you have you seen a buffet
come on shake it out my mom organized
this mall this is some get a scoop a
look at this we got in a garage right
yeah had to steal your phone and take
all your friends contact and then like
so I want to show you the desserts right
now look at that Wow okay can you tell
us what these are that's jelly cream
government Oh cream caramel we got this
free youngmee oh my god take that up
nice so in a few moments magicians going
to turn up right now it's going to be
the second surprise for moe I'm pretty
excited to see his reaction
how many of you believe in magic nice
little phone I love it so then it goes
inside and it's taking Oh some life
that's good
all right oh you have a nice little
carry case now you can't go swimming if
you wanted the ladies just gone
I saw your ring is so beautiful
detective it in your hand counter can I
see it it's still there your ring is
there how to put the ring from this hand
into my wallet I have a wallet not sure
you have it's very simple I just do this
okay oh I am burning can I ask you to
unfold it like this way I can wants me
to got some real good he wants to know
he looks confused right now but that's
okay every birthday it's outside you've
got a Bugatti
my father was big the magician who got
it for my birthday guys I knew you guys
drive a flagon was thinking of my
thumbnail before even have that's my
birthday register I wanna make you some
jolly can even have a desert remote
control and Vickie Liana this is really
good next block driving my Bugatti
around
I got you Bugatti and I saved you one
hour time in you know finding and
finding a little vegetable ever get that
board is not look good why are you
talking about this candy we gonna see
what's going on them we're about to get
the cops all of it right now we're going
to bring out the cake and we've given
everyone party toppers drop so you know
what I don't really like explosions
happening everywhere what the hell guys
who gave them a trailer
thank you got happy pig
yeah quitting vlogging and he's going to
dancing so guys I'm going to open I
guess this on my boy Rogers got me so
let's go oh gosh noise whoa yeah all
sigh so this for my boy Ahmed guys I
just did I believe all this
BAM oh nice does done
oh look at that thank you and bring it
love over here guys I'm Sierra's got how
do I take this woman and are treated to
be perfect
oh I don't know I feel like I know oh
wait it's on the cookie jar oh my god
you good for my boy half down right now
so thank you so much this is so 10:30 we
got that ball stock out here guys okay
okay Harley stating I'm told homecoming
everyone either check it out down you go
I bring it in buddy bring it in the roll
man today is the brothers oh my god Wow
look at this oh my god this one is from
London Italian rockets oh wow are you
guys ready for this oh my I know for
very nice oh wow look at my oh my oh
this is the money bag right here check
it out thank you so much next cash for a
Ferrari if you're coming in thank you
this is a lot boy long um okay good I
hope it's not like I'm praying ladies
don't fail
what is it it's basically yeah what is
that
okay we have an over here why we have to
come at you
second one this is from Imran again guys
you know they are by the way
I know our neighbors from dije I'm sorry
this is just the first time thing okay
we need we need to four people don't
open your mouth
so apparently two more Raschi playing
football and they're betting his Bugatti
for my eyebrows shaved uh I want to say
a huge thank you to all my friends are
kind guys are heading out right now
shake your brother for having our thing
I know it wasn't your choice to be born
on this day but I thank thanks you have
none thank you thank you for the Bugatti
thank you for the balls bag and he needs
to be on a fly right now so adios peace
go you're blessed
thank you mommy I'm not in going public
on my back for now the rest of my
friends are heading out thank you so
much for coming by I appreciate it
the squad is rolling out right now we
have athlete's over here damn and today
was turned up thank you for the surprise
guys Thank You Omar on your Dino Bam and
hats and if you know BAM my brother Maui
this guy's real blessing
guys it's our thing I've everything else
is the same the face is everything so
yeah for now we're saying goodbye to
Natalia bye-bye thank you
see you damn that's a bald ass car never
not gonna get your lunch so for now
everybody just left um basically today
my mom and sister had a surprise
birthday party I'm not sure how this
video is gonna turn out cuz I was
vlogging today so yeah apparently she
was vlogging as well so I think I'm just
going to delete my vlog and just put
whatever she brought guys so thank you
to my family my sister my mom for this
birthday sorry my mummy maman guys and
look at this they even gonna be some MV
balloons so thank you to one for friends
they got me this actually so yeah your
boy this is the lippert day part you
guys thank you to one of my friends I
came by today I love you guys all this
is the aftermath of support as you can
see boys 12 party poppers in my face so
time to clean up somebody's leaps here
yeah I know right
multicolored rainbow leaf yeah check out
the kids oh my God look at that I like
to thank you to my friend for coming by
oh it looks like grenades by the way
guys I didn't check mark we are gone
it's really gotten like unlimited food
no that is not just a food thing that
you can actually look at a list of
clothes
oh that's always nice to go through
things we can't do it wow man shot my
brother action and that even with the
NDA that is so cool oh we have fam
Sexy's up oh boy
thank you so much bro while we're on the
topic of Imran I think I see from this
bum guys oh oh wow
yo look at the design whoa my goodness
that is cool what you closer you don't
even feel this I know let me show you my
friend Russian Italian for me BAM you
guys know when I was open again
this is the new limited edition range of
Louboutins oh yeah he's crazy
Gaza's insane Thanks right so much
thanks Roger Sykes Italia this was
actually one of my favorite news ever
oh my god next up a boy packing the key
through the first slugging that was
lucky lucky lucky lucky in any way they
show those are the juice guys thank you
so much for my friends that came by so
this is the aftermath of the birthday
party guys and this is the organizer
this is organization by Lana Rosa mommy
mo guys ay ay mami mo organized my
birthday party as always let's say I
love you guys a little thank you so much
for being part of our family
don't forget to subscribe and as always
Galliano
