Yaron what is up welcome to another blow
so today's going to be a special day I'm
actually heading out to go see my friend
yet in mind which you guys should know
but before I go I want to do one thing a
so basic needs I'm going to teach you
guys a little life hack if you're ever
hungry in your hotel room so yesterday I
took away a chicken again I went to
Nando's go to chicken I might change you
guys how to cook something without a
microwave with stove or anything in case
I know that might sound stupid but bang
a hairdryer guys it worked
yeah actually you were I thought it's a
you just heat it up with your hairdryer
is good whoa
all right so check it out boys I just
made it over to the Janna my's
headquarters check it out we got the
main man himself bail my house holding
up we're yeah it's God is free statistic
loses freezing anyways first things
first we got the legendary satin chrome
blue SVR urban Ranger Avant there are
going to hear it well actually I do I
got to do this is SP all remaps carbon
everything tubular inside carbon I can
speak to carbon - yo look at this car
right we're going to switch this bad boy
on guys listen to this
is that like an exhaust system or just
that's a custom exhaust system and
obviously easier to be I spoke louder
than usual you're calling it that I've
got songs with the McLaren's just left
down like you've got gt3 RS Sam check it
out what purple we now rack that black
that Rose a lot lower back it I've
actually never heard of this color
before guys it looks like this I don't
know how to explain like this beige
--red aubergine this is the hybrid check
it out boys a luxury s-class this is a
nice car I actually really love the
walls over here guys they're all like
spray painted and stuff who did you by
the way so in here it was done by Mikey
what am i doing - to wrap he actually
sprayed me yeah it's great place yeah
his brain painting tips here at
multi-talented
everything it's all good right now we're
going to the VIP entrance guys like a
boundary like the street ok about the
water photos of these people YouTube
people up you'll be like a fight fans
versus you'll bail another one turn
around you'll earth edgy
wow you got like the biggest names here
like in notable place so whenever I look
like England you're Chamberlain we got
Sammy I met him and divided wine are on
one direction for the girls that are
watching Alex oh wow we're going to have
more vlogs here soon guys don't want to
know
by the way while I'm up here let me show
you a special man
this is hat Jionni's ghost cameraman
like he never puts himself in the videos
so this is a very special moment guys
exclusive I you've never liked being on
the vlog boy you know we got the
connections as are your hash you have to
be on the vlog and check how many videos
it guys so I can 5d like this is an
expensive setup right here guys so I've
got most camera and obviously that's my
camera over there slightly it motors
find the walls obviously you've got
loads and loads of youtubers assigned
this now with the mo vlogs from Dubai
wherever you want to sign and I think
you really big enough now the hearing
out sighing next the busy official guide
my boy this is my man asses car it's an
extremely loud m5 this is crazy
we're going to get a little bit of
passes driving on the blog
oh my god they were getting ready to
visit oh I get me out get me out right
now
anyway nose a little dry with that Oh
this car is ridiculous all right I'm
actually happy to be back in any places
yeah he just came out to check what's
going on you he crazy thing competition
between the two BMWs oh god Johnny man
anyways for now we're heading out boys
were actually going blue svr so let's go
this color is just so amazing guys so he
clearly came over to have a meal with
Johnny right now and I kind of forced
everybody to come over to Nando's I'm
sorry 99 though this everyday
I was bringing we just finished with a
very very delicious meal at Nando's boys
look at it I ate so much the plague
disappeared it literally just went but
thank you to Johnny man showed us around
and gave me Nando's oh yeah alright so
we just said goodbye to Yanni we had an
awesome awesome day with him but since
we're in this area I remember a game
they have you know the coin machines
where you put coins in there I want to
play that game
okay so let's go yeah all right so you
just measure over to the gaming session
you all should know this game very good
it makes Italy will appointed and it
pushes it down amazing you win the exes
up there I'm gonna play right now
let's go get the boys all black that's
really heavy by the way all right
let's go I thought you can't win nothing
man we're gonna go for the rubber duck
okay now here the rubber duck here
come on are you kidding me look at the
duck yeah I want it I want it my idiot
oh boy is that key
oh my I will show that ha ha ha ha
Gloria I told you that I literally just
smack the regime to win the duck yeah I
see security popping through man I just
can't see I've no idea Mike it's a dairy
milk chocolate machine so I'm not hiding
a breakfast of this looks like you're
going to win a chocolate what are the
prizes are my brothers my players soccer
machine games can he do it let's see
let's go we literally just lost 5 pounds
trying to win a chocolate bar why we
found a really cool game to play
so basically they've got like a piano
game and you have to follow what they
say up there again here goes nothing
guys let's see
who was your alert we're about to redeem
our tickets
my brother's trying to untie my business
oh we got the sound of the prank man did
you notice something the Stars oh my god
place where in America
we made it we made it to Hollywood you
just had all fun - brother why did you
do that for night doorman
oh my god she won three of those so far
sheeni ought to do it no way like a
snail and they do down the blood yeah I
check it out or my Twitter gently
applying just a two three two on there
your voice maybe
anyways voice for now we're gonna head
out here we were gonna play voting but I
just call me bothered anymore we ask too
much fun in the gaming section by the
way check out this late
whoa hey I know and that hotline bling
okay alright so I made it back over to
the hotel room guys and on the way I
want to show you what I bought
BAM in Dubai we don't actually have
these kinder eggs and the reason is
they're illegal and I know that might
sell with but I think it's something to
do with you're not allowed to have like
chocolate with something inside a you
know just for health and safety so I'm
sorry sure I could borrow on one I'm
here in London so let's go ahead and see
what's in this right I don't think
anybody else in the world gets this
excited over a kinder egg oh look at it
guys it looks so good
whoa whoa oh great okay I don't know
what this play is supposed to do guys
but it looks like it's some sort of like
paint brush my I broke it I broke the
toy anyway so it's even funnier is that
we literally have our own kitchen in our
hotel room right now check this out guys
BAM if you can see this we got milk
we got ketchup we got juices water even
toast bread like we don't even have a
toaster mommy why did you buy these
they're so cheap adilyn I'm going to say
piece on here I'll see you guys two more
for another votes if you haven't already
make sure to subscribe
yah yah know bye
