my name is no Glide oh I think it does
don't over do feel like I'm I don't know
what's happening don't really know to
get me a boyfriend you don't and our
offices be even empty echo echo pattern
22 days but today at the same time we're
moving into a new house so it's visitors
Christie day the house is Expo week and
hell right now so we're going to get out
of here guys I just thought they know
you Louie is one year older today I
learned to walk you're welcome on the
news yesterday my friends rushed in the
San Joaquin at 12 o'clock and surprised
me with a birthday
new outside illegal rappers and villages
you probably and we have two deadly that
all of my clothes over there so now I
have no loss absolutely where my shoes
goes up because yeah yeah remember will
applies both challenges we had over here
guys the memories the memories man I
well I guess that's everything guys for
now we're gonna head out of here
by the way look at all of the empty
boxes we have outside our house right
now it's kind of crazy
and you can see mommy mo in there alone
look at her oh look at her so as I
mentioned boys for now my sister's over
at the new Villa and she's hungry so I'm
going to go get her some food and yeah
for now we're saying goodbye to the
house guys let's go
the bye house bye bye see you soon that
nine it's like we made it over to the
sandwich shop they're getting me my
sandwiches but you know what I just
realized today which is my birthday is
also women's Independence Day or
something what all my birthday is
women's independence payers or happy
Women's Day I don't know something to do
with women so yeah I've been independent
state for women I think I should bring
the roof back up guys because it looks
like it might possibly rain so yeah I
don't want it to rain on my food guys
thank you thank you
alright boys we got our food alright
alright alright
check it out boys I finally made it over
here and yeah what a new house
tour coming soon coming soon
ah yeah don't as you should be literally
everything's and piled up into one room
yeah he's been here alone oh god I love
um scary so quiet in here it's scary
being in an empty out this is just
freaky like you know I mean she was here
alone the whole day
holy moly guys you know the kitchen you
saw like two days ago on the blog this
is what it turns into right now and let
me try and turn off the mic all right I
got it I don't even know it lighter what
oh my goodness how many things did we
have when we came here anyways right now
we're super tired let's go you ready to
leave let's go we need to get the last
couple of things from love I'm not ready
anymore being completely honest with you
guys I'm not gonna have internet for one
week now so that means no vlogs ah I
just carry I'm kidding
where's the cat the cats are home
let's go this this will hold it again we
forgot cats guys let's get home I'm sure
they're still alive they're gonna be
like it you piece of I hate you we
just made it back home guys and damn
holy moly this is a crime scene
look a bubbles oh my God look at it with
it here goes nothing guys time to go
back inside
Hey
hey buddy I go where is all the
furniture bubbles things I don't touch
me
he's a good boy yeah I'm not sure you
guys can see kiddies wish is there you
can see you today
oh yeah is your first this is absolutely
silent birthdays everything you guys
have an amazing life life is worth the
effort happy birthday home is homeless
man oh wait they up my one of my
paintings boy what's good you guys
didn't notice that because a conjurer I
made it in take this off man this is why
I feel like I'm tonight don't ya what do
you say
no I'm on this end all again why is my
cat licking the floor
oh my no don't lick the floor what keeps
us in line is it done
no it's not making a for SSI
Kathlyn like I can show you the world
shining shimmering splendid tell me
princess now when did you last let your
heart decide
y'all look cool ate at home guys
mummy okay guys so we look high right
now but it's okay within the week more
goodies back on track with its full
energy and exciting vlogs and yeah so
now's the time where we're going to try
drinking some pina whoa whoa are you
sure this is safe for you hey my way oh
my god other side right ready take it
where's it hello oh my god take it back
I gotta realize it's you safeml I feel
my luck before statement and my name is
no blood
no don't over don't feel like I'm like
that like you don't make you wanna do it
no we can I try to pretty much yeah
welcome to another episode mole of Wow
so he ran away beyond the Yellow Sea oh
do don't try to go to now I don't even
know this thing so yeah I'm happy hi I'm
hanging right on guys yeah let it go
that is ready God oh you're never going
to get that much Oh release Alliance
alright boys we made it over to the new
house
where the cat oh my god unleash the lion
dot dot dot run oh so right now we just
came to none goes and you know what time
is it's my brother's birthday and every
year would somehow end up coming to like
Nando's his birthday so he's his
birthday
gotta top of cheap substitutes about
that my brother is certified right not I
provide for him
practically the sodium amide work
anymore the next day it's okay man it's
the salt diet count for popping bottles
here I saw what you buy the other case
of reading I remember last time I saw it
was like five of us are all fighting for
the case what do you think's going on
let me get the piece then it's midnight
rather than admit myself
gonna come figures no know what's
happening what not be yeah what's going
on
thank you are you happy no no even
though today was a long day you still
had a good birthday mom often we present
on this one so good how are we going to
share this to three people okay I'm
taking one size you picture on size
before long so you guys get used to I
get the middle of it and look at the
size difference guys they're very smart
okay let's let's begin josh is going to
die anyway so we're just leaving the
restaurant right now thank you and yeah
it was a good birthday yo I'm going to
say good night to all of you here on
today's vlog I will be honest I'm
literally about to pasta I just want to
say thank you guys so much for the
support you guys have been giving to the
channel I've officially turned 22 years
old so your boy is a grown man right now
anyways good night I love you guys
little and as always I'll see you
tomorrow by the way don't forget make
sure to subscribe over here and watch my
last video over here it's my birthday so
if you don't do that I'm pretty sure you
have bad luck okay I'll see you guys
tomorrow so
