good morning everyone welcome back to
another Frey ballistic vlog so first
things first I hope you're having an
amazing day I'm actually starting out
today's vlog by meeting up with a fellow
youtuber with two million subscribers
guys holy moly basically you guys know
Narine she's a youtuber a right now I
called her and she's actually having
some pizza listen your boy loves pizza
I'm gonna go me over there and let's
have pizza together yeah look who's here
look who's here oh God Loreen is back
what's up why are you here alone in the
morning I was sleeping it's amazing as
you can see Narine is back on the vlogs
she literally called me this morning
saying y'all I'm alone that pizza I make
who do you not say in the morning so
you're sitting here for like half an
hour alone I've never had a pizza for
breakfast in my life this is my first
time Oh chocolate cookie pizza I thought
Nerine was bad there's a little kid
having three pizzas in the morning oh my
god he's a savage oh my god he's a
savage so we just made our order right
now are waiting for the food Larry and
you know what you are you are so we just
gonna be so right now yeah it's time to
go eat
why are you adding yourself in the
niceness pizza a girl like what the
thing I actually really want to show you
guys I know food is not that interesting
but they have a cookie pizza okay check
this out guys oh my it's so soft this is
the best cookie I've had in my life
anyways we're gonna have our pizza right
now guys I just wanted to show you that
cuz it's super dope so yeah I'll see you
in a bit nothing better than garlic
bread in the mornings the thing is she
actually has to go see her friend today
which is like another YouTube girl like
I wouldn't mind seeing them both but I'm
not allowed to come with them guys the
girls they only so basically right now
I'm gonna go drop her off to her friend
and I'll see you guys once for at home
okay so right now I quickly came out of
my house I look who I just ran into a
these awesome guys came by and guys
check out his hair what what would you
think that hair style on me yeah he
looks like a mini gangsters I guess a
mafia here man and it's also see you
guys peace out buh yo here's the thing
now that I'm home I've just realized
it's been like two days since I've seen
my sister like we live in the same house
but she never leaves her room guys so
it's time to go explore the dungeon Oh
nobody here as you can see Lana is still
alive guys don't worry she spends 19
hours a day here
nobody asked you to perform for us they
right why did you just start playing a
song but there you think we want your
your performance
right you should you should definitely
perform at the Super Bowl or something
like I think it'll be all point in life
it's not about being perfect it's about
giving it a shot guys and that's what I
like about my sister that's right try
one more time
I mean it's if you don't practice you
never know those good singing I mean
seeing a couple days bro and enjoy enjoy
your room yep yep okay I'm gonna close
the door I think
yep just stay here just nothing and you
wonder why I don't do my sister guys
what is she doing in her room
I think my sister might actually start
streaming soon subscribe to my sister's
YouTube channel rizal and check our
instagrams everything is in the
description guides this is support the
family so here's the thing today my mom
actually went up bought me a really cool
balloon this thing is massive guys
alright
check this out it's time to blow it up
alright
Oh massive it's time to let go oh okay
anyways for now clearly heading out of
the house the thing is I'm actually
going to meet up with marine again I
think she just finished up with her
friend so yeah it's time to go have some
dinner a few moments later she's doing
her makeup in the car right now we both
quickly went and got changed at home
basically changed up her clothes she's
doing makeup in my mum's car because I
did a hard time he just on the okay come
down I'm down just come yeah hi guys so
pretty much right now I'm taking her to
go eat what do I do you mean tell them
where we're going somewhere no why are
you saying you like that we're going to
KFC she said no I want to go to KFC
how's that okay I saved money and girl
looking fire as I said she's in Dubai
for a couple more days and she's a
fellow youtuber and yeah I need to go
show her around washes also coming to my
house later on so Rogers gonna meet
marina for the first time yeah this trip
yeah you met him last trip right oh yeah
I don't look so bad
I saw the video on YouTube a while back
a guy was doing makeup in a Rolls Royce
and he got like 5 million views should I
do it first no we're gonna use that
channel Foundation which is full
coverage formation we're gonna put it on
your dirty face race later oh ok so
right now I'm in the book section of the
store now I'm not a person to read books
but they have the coolest mosques you're
ever gonna see in your life right check
this out
what guys look at this there's this
really cool eye wolf Moss they have over
here so these are actually mosques that
are made out of paper guys now when you
wear them they look even cooler look at
that Wow ok where'd this mosque and
you're gonna transform oh my god
oh he looks so bad right now look at
this oh my god yo you look like an
actual demon right now this is the most
satisfying thing in the world ah it's so
satisfying
you made the baby cry
he made the baby cry ah
McDonald's Pizza ha or KFC
Wow
yeah
date night starts now so basically the
food just got here instead of pizza we
went with chicken again which is yep Wow
a few moments later guys bro where have
you been
guys Russians gone missing for three
days see I got some points that they
took the blood point team
oh you right now Russia join us below
you know you're like you're joining our
dinner date right now do you think this
is a good date wrong mister steal your
girl in the village
so right now raw is about to see my
rolls-royce she hasn't seen until now
wait close your eyes don't like Dona I
open your eyes let me know
and for mommy more yeah and for mommy
more bro-bro you know what's funny it's
got an exhaust system on a rolls-royce
if anybody'd open on America this is
respected when you go in the streets
when you have my story kids it's like
the borough's no way you heard that
this is sex zero
right it is chillin in the guard so
here's the thing now that we are back
home raw is actually heading off
home right now it's a bra piece I Love
You Man
see you soon what's that you want to buy
my car alright pay for it then oh this
is my mom's cup Oh a bit more just a bit
more and I'm down oh well I'm down is it
bad if I sell my mom's car - you dummy
goes way today's vlog here as I said I'm
home right now everybody just left my
house as you saw big guys today was
super super fun as always if you're new
around here make sure to subscribe cuz
in two days time I'm picking the
giveaway winner to the phone giveaway
alright yeah I love you guys all and
I'll see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
