good morning not everybody how you all
doing so this morning my cat bubbles get
a little massage
and now he's falling asleep you bound
the massage chair measurement and oh if
we turn it on he's gonna flip out like
that it's a bit grumpy right now what I
have is they wake me up so I've actually
got a very very big announcement to let
you guys oh no I've been keeping this a
secret for the past like two weeks but I
think it's about time to tell you guys
we're moving yes we're actually moving
houses guys right now we're going to
sign the lost documents for the new
house I I know this is crazy and I don't
know how I've kept it in for so long but
I didn't want anything to go wrong in
the procedure guys so yes we're moving
houses you guys are probably like what
the where the hell did this car from I
don't even know this is crazy right
we've been through so much in this house
it's just it's sad to say goodbye but
we're moving on I'm moving on I'm moving
on why do you have to move on I have way
too much I lose guys you're going to be
excited you see the new house they gonna
be excited guys trust me when I say this
place is big okay it's too big it yeah
it literally looks like a castle from
the outside but don't worry we need the
space we all need our privacy and here
is a selfie guys we're quickly going as
I said to finalize on this so yeah look
at what somebody actually put on my car
this is so sweet guys congratulations on
three million subscribers Dan thank you
so much click away up next to us
okay so check it out right now I just
made it over to the brand-new house guys
this is the kitchen
slide with apron everything is good
right now everything left guys on the
agents and stuff though oh and yeah I
think the neighbors are you oh and for
now are you heading out guys as I said
in one week time everything's going to
be like nine Society and we're going to
do the movie yeah so yes thank you guys
the teachers of school because a new
house we're going to be eating here I
know
oh yeah they're like put a little mini
dining table really go home right now
I just have to let you guys know right
now because I'm so excited so right now
I there are those boys she chosen to sow
yeah let's go guys no more no more
nobody oh I feel so weird right now I
just made it back home boys as you saw
everything is my life it feels weird
because in a couple of days we're
leaving this place right now my mom is
actually coming out we're going to head
out and do a bunch more stuff today so
now we need to organize a company that
comes to like pack all your stuff we
need to organize like a bunch of things
you guys know when you're moving out
it's a big deal so right now I quickly
came over to the camera store because I
had a couple of things to do now number
one you guys know I broke a couple of my
camera so I quickly gave them in for
repair but number two I just saw
something and I'm buying it cause it's
really cool check it out BAM mommy
you're holding it the wrong way around
then you're holding it the wrong way
loud this whole thing is a light guy so
you can kind of put your camera in the
middle and you have like insane lighting
like you know muddled photo shoots so
time to show you what this bad boy is
capable of right
all right ready three two one
mmm yellow why Oh yellow
why look look at how HD I am right now
you know I do like a moto right now your
name is how they do it in modern yeah
but we're gonna do on mommy more look
look at that check it out this is what
it is
damn it comes in a box this is fancy oh
my goodness dear mommy I'm excited I'm
excited new house new lighting
everything is good today
makeup tutorial coming soon I'm not sure
if we can actually fill up this in the
car guys so let's see okay does that fit
well I'm like I know y'all are you
keeping it guys it just doesn't into the
boot are you kidding no it actually
doesn't be inside the blue of my car
we're in a very real situation right
maybe it's like see something let's see
if this fits in there yes I'm sorry to
say the boxes you have to go thank you
i box number two goodbye to you alright
Oh oh my god she's going reckless okay
there you go
you see those motorbikes parked over
there why is the wheel moving what why
are they wheels moving I'm as you legit
confused why were the wheel is moving on
a parked bike so me and my mom quickly
came to eat some food the thing is I'm
actually going to start putting myself
on a diet and no not like an extreme one
or anything I'm going to try and stop
drinking likes busy drinks so right now
I'm having like my orange juice
as you can see and I'm not even having
fried chicken you guys know how much I
love my damn chicken but you got to do
what you got to do no more gaining
weight bro no more so I couldn't be
stopped over at the shoe store late
night and look at who I met what's up
well yeah I just came all the way from
Australia and he's got the craziest
shoes ever if you guys remember I wanted
a blue pair of sneakers he's actually
got them guys I'm so jealous right now
this guy's the plug
my friends shut-ins anyone who watches
actually I'm afraid I got a few paisa
for watching
I don't I walk hello waiting for know me
five out okay I'm sorry I'm sorry on a
yellow well alright so here you go what
this is everything we got my sister
doesn't even know yet I'm actually going
to surprise my sister was everything I
got okay so yeah yo we bought you
something very special you wanted this
for a long time so I bought you in I
said this is for you I actually bought
you this
bubbles hello hi we are home okay you
can stop meowing he wants some food guys
here's kitty look they all run for food
it's less she's got some food for you
this is like guys they love their
biscuits there yeah that's what he
wanted I actually bought you this okay
no I didn't get anything for free I
should spend a lot of money on this okay
gone because I saw it yeah something
that you wanted oh yeah we got your
makeup light and you shop what's the
help like it Health and Safety has it
kids we always need a light you know
three two one oh my god yeah yeah blind
man I'm glad yes he doesn't see these
lights look like this professional
studios must I say that it's very good
oh my god you can adjust the color I get
it now keep life of the house oh that's
cool so Drakkar complain about lighting
now guys mobile HD yo yo yo it's gonna
get hot on your neck and thing is my
electrocuted moment I'm going to be the
next chef in town your video is a reason
more hard to by mistake because after I
watch media I keep getting hungry I want
this one day oh I swear my mother would
take mommy what is that by the way the
kid I ran the wool guys actually gave me
a note from Albania so look a penny this
guy's a poet oh that's a cool little
nice so this is the first time I'm using
the new light that I've bought
everything kind of looks way to wife you
know what I'm a got it they're so weird
night lit I put the light over here if
you can see that it's just like so alien
ish if you know what I mean really I'm
not used to this type of setup right now
I don't think I want to use this new
light guys it's just it's too much if
you know what I mean right now actually
want to try out something I bought like
two weeks ago basically you guys
remember I had like an egg slicer this
is actually like an everything slicer if
you know what I mean I just it's just
the slicer so I want to see what I can
slice with this thing
as you can see this will be a step we
also the awesome I said this takeover
your guy
well we're going to ruin this cutter I'm
just letting you know that we're going
to work with Disick are you ready we're
going to make this steak into ten pieces
right now guys add the dramatic South
Pacific
this is going to work on you mommy this
is not good
what girl how does not work
yeah yeah take it out of my book you did
not wash your hands when you did that
how cute we're gonna do some tomato hood
Oh
oh my god
so Baba in action Oh Oh what is that
Mommy what the huh
what they're honestly disgusting yeah
what type of he says this you brought me
a stick y'all I just want to say you
know how I told you this week is going
to be a busy week I honestly can't
imagine how we're going to move
everything out of this house like we
have so much like junk in the house
let's look at this this is our kitchen
even the cats are sad I know man I know
we're just we just have to move off and
don't give me that we don't have to
move you chose to move business I made a
promise you guys I want to be doing way
more giveaways now the obvious three
million subscribers and the first one is
something I told you I would be giving
away so BAM if you guys remember about a
month ago I went aboard these snapchat
glosses now the thing is they're super
cool guys but they're not really
practically white why did it turn on
what the hell is this thing spying on me
Konishi why is it on
anyways disease these glosses are super
super cool guys the only thing is I
don't really use that now normally when
it comes to giveaways I say the rule is
to subscribe comment and like the video
you can still do that don't get me wrong
your boy loves your likes and subscribes
that that is not the rule anymore so
this time the funniest comment on this
video
wins these glosses so the I see a really
funny comment click like and yeah I'll
probably pick the funniest one I see one
thing that these glosses are really good
for guys is blocking out this new light
I have look how weird it looks you guys
can see the new light it looks like I've
got cross dice I'm gonna do my outro
like this so if it's really creepy I'm
sorry guys as well
of you guys well I hope you wish to pick
today's vlog this looks so weird if you
haven't already click subscribe over
here watch my last video over here and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo boy boom
