yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so today we have some
friends around yo what's up guys yes now
you just want to be quiet now you want
to be quiet we're playing with the
electrical bike at the moment so here
comes guys here comes electrical bike
yeah
do not fall that's the only rule he was
never seen again so he saw us a really
really crazy idea to do on the vlog
right now if you can see my head we've
got a stretchy hose pipe and a
skateboard on the floor and what we're
going to do is we're going to try and
pull me on the skateboard behind the
Ferrari I got inspired by that and we're
going to do something similar we're
going to put your glove in the car this
is the weirdest idea that I saw my
neighbor's doing it and I have to try
this ok so they're trying to put it
through the roof Wow no no no wait give
us a heads up women oh my goodness I'm
so scared for his life oh boy
they're going over sweet ha ha I know
that I don't like a dragon oh my god
we're making a couple of adjustments to
the technique ok
oh my god he's gone
oh no he just fell over there are you
guys guys oh my god
he's pretty far now guys I'm shy I feel
like recording a movie here oh come on
you doing your you making a
skateboarding throwing into the squad so
right now I shouldn't be heading out
somewhere very very cool now today I
feel like it's a crazy day first the
Rope in the Ferrari now me and my
friends are going to play bubble
football now if you don't know what that
is you know when they put you inside
like a huge bouncy ball and kind of like
let you borrow each other yeah we're
gonna be playing a little bit rough so
let's go
by the way I just want to say Frank if
you're watching this lost time when he
came to Dubai I didn't get to see you I
saw me out of the same week but this
time come on bro you need to link up
with me you need to link up with me and
my boys we're literally just about to
leave and look at these cool cars I just
rolled up BAM
that is insane yo look at that that is
so cool hey yo this some fireworks going
on for some reason right now okay
another one another one so check it out
we just made it over to the same boiling
place guys and before we do anything
they have like a room where you shoot at
the targets and these guys are going to
show me how it's done what's that with
something can I poke it and that's even
I'm like a damn sniper over here look at
this thing one all right time to shoot
boys ready so we're gonna quickly get
the paper to show you what I hit I don't
know if I'm good or not so I was a
dancer I'm so good I feel it a little
bit Russian my boys going to shoot some
practice now Liga's is nothing nothing
around this area
let's see you are going in when sniper
might be siren whoo bring it out of here
look cool the magazine's they have over
here like they have something heavy-duty
stuff so this looks like an ak-47 what
is this looks like a like a if yeah that
is a crazy stuff so I don't know how
they convinced me to go paintballing
again but we're doing it boys so let's
go as you can see we're suited and
booted by the way shout out to my man at
the charge of paintball park he's
hooking it up and he's gonna vlog for me
so the vlog is going over to him he's
gonna get all the cool shots you
seasonal yeah we're about to go in and
shoot a shout-out to my man he just
reminded me to wear the armor we're now
in the field we're just about to play
voice so we're going to go to our sides
let the fun begin
oh my hand just go fire guys I don't
myself
don't tell me why oh by the way shots of
the Marshall vlogging for me he took a
bullet for me look at this he literally
took a bullet just vlogging from hahaha
I'm sorry guys yeah at least we got good
luck really
I am mine I just saw the last image I
just came Thank You I said what's rush
it
and what god Thank You Mac thank you I
think we're going to go for our lost
round right now boys let's go and yes
yeah I don't even know who's winning I'm
definitely losing that's what I'm going
to say I'm just a loser out here guys I
suck man I said let's go
go my gun go my helmet I'll see you
inside
no that swivels a little good no good
good game over game over
hello we finally finished with the paint
blowing boys we're about to play bubble
football which we came here for BAM
so this is the game we're going to play
right now you put this over yourself you
put this over yourself and then you play
football so yeah we can see the set here
I put your hands and say the clap well
my manager so I start to get into the
bubble then as you can see my boys going
into the bubble right now
oh good anyways voice for now we're
finished over here we're going to create
me head out as you can see it was
actually really really good exercise I'm
sweating right now so by the way look
how close the airplane is to us right
now whoa any shadows my my name is Shawn
for hooking it up they appreciate it so
much thank you so much shout out to my
man again for now we're heading out man
one ticket up in the charger friend Bob
 good man I heard you don't
matter it's funny next month they have a
competition so I might come for the win
if I win what do I win who gets the
money no money oh yeah
yeah all right yeah it's getting nothin
good anyways I shout out to the yo I
feel so bad he was recording for me
because I'm the chat feels like boom
alright so I just made her back home
after a crazy intense session of
paintballing boys before all of today's
look I shoulda show you a new toy I
bought so Moloch's toy reviews is back
let's go nobody Shea we thinking about
my 12 you take this down review book
everybody wants porn music a not another
was there's no speech on today's episode
of Morelos toys we've got a spin ball
right I don't know this is not fun stuff
I don't care this thing is like a
beyblade but like a space version oh
yeah
poke my eye out with that thing
something flew in my face when I went
behind me down here my wolf but oh wait
oh my god you're under my leg I was yeah
it was killed who Norman oh yeah by the
way I need he stepped on name I just
want to say a lot of people haven't seen
bubbles recently here he is boys of all
he's always like this look at it look at
man
why whether you speak fluent English now
you're living in when you swimming in
lights up what is that that is so cool I
don't have to read it again
is that it what you mean is that it it
should be called my vlog okay yes love
life again the new channel anyway don't
want it in your new part-time job and
your timezone is reviewing toys again oh
my god this is the new toy boy Chetan
stop three two one minute
welcome to my second channel my paypal
mo blows business yeah you've got this
mobile business at gmail.com and whoever
done it on is out of the witness okay
bye that was over say goodbye to all of
you here by the way just a reminder in
five days I'm baking the winner to the
laptop
giveaway if you haven't already which
I'm sure like Mike's and if you have
make sure to subscribe and you are in
for that giveaway by the way just I
don't want to give away any secrets but
just expect something very very crazy
and like a couple of days so yeah very
unexpected you know me I love my
unexpected stuff so yes thank you
what would think click here to subscribe
and click here to watch my last video
yeah I know you want it I know you want
him ok boy
