yeah everyone what is love welcome to
another look so today I'm actually going
to be starting out the blog by playing
basketball my boys but this time we're
actually going to be doing a small
little wager okay I'm not going to tell
you what it is so let's go once I get
over there
I'll let you know what it is let's do
this yo look at this car next to me what
I just about make it to the wheel
the thing is I look at it compared to
the easy car can't eat that thing Wow
okay this is just oh I'm scared of that
thing that's like a down out alright
check it out we commit over to the
bathroom core we got our Yeezys
we are the easy ah yeah why'd you do
that those are you Jesus right now me
and the boys have come to the basketball
court this time we're going to make
things a little bit interesting we're
playing for Russia's easy if I win I get
to keep them and Fatih wins he gets to
keep them so either way
Russian kind of loses so the other side
the game the game we're playing is
called horse you guys have seen a fake
before if you don't know about the game
the rules are as follows what is it
fatty so basically the first person
shoot if he makes it the others have to
follow they miss they get a CH and then
it keeps going over and over then trees
fell out hor SE we're missing hor SE is
eliminated Russia's going first if he
hits this we will have to follow him
okay let's see can he do this number you
got this
whoa if fatty missus is going to be on H
yeah I don't hate boys so far somehow
wrong is winning I don't know how
this happening but yeah are you kidding
me whoops Wow Wow am I am I gonna lose
it oh yes I'm still in there I'm still
in this game
whoo oh that's real easy come on yeah -
Oh H my boy hate it started gonna be the
first hole in the game
hey Cho
I'm not at all
oh hey Cho da-da-dah
it was at this moment he proved us all
wrong hoh-hoh oh wow are you kidding me
it's not over yet absolutely hate but
I'm still in the game so bad stuff Carly
with the shot bar no Yeezys are going
you know that your users are going let's
go sir let's go young man I was behind
the three-point line Russia is out
that's it he's house MBA
yo that was so clean like butter like
butter stuff so we have to hate yours
this year what how is he doing that
he goes because our you only left
because you got mad that we want look
it's okay yes it is against me cigarette
ha ha Josh would I want you guys to hit
the like button right now I'm gonna make
you shocking oh hello darkness my old
friend I've come to talk with you again
well there you go boys the easies are
now officially mine let me show you the
price bang your eyes so we just made oh
it's a fatty guys for now we're heading
out we just have to quickly come by you
know company and bosses I lost in
basketball a lot away I'm never a loser
where she goes to the outlet mall if you
don't want out that mall is everything
is sold there for cheap right so we're
gonna see if we can save some money you
ready to save some money alright peace
out fatty see you next time
yo yo check it out right now we've made
it over to the outlet mall this is my
first time over here have you been here
never so it's going to be interesting
apparently like okay see ya find
everything here is like cheap so let's
see for ourselves and when you entertain
yourself there's no like a massive Iron
Man what so so far we went into two
stores and basically it's like whole
price everything everything we went to
Burberry and they had a bag for three
thousand which is normally seven
thousand no we found the story wanted
guys
the Nike outlet starless yeah you get
something cheap yeah so check it out
boys were in the Nike store right now
they have so many shoes right now oh
they even have Jordans food no way
Jordans for Half Price
he says they have Jordan I give you what
C hundred oh my god guys are not going
to believe this soul this place has
everything like mirror I should actually
found Jordans now if you don't know
these are limited edition limited
edition Jordans and look at the price
300 are normally 900 but now there's 300
I'm also getting these which are the
same price guys and if you don't know
I'm also going to get the mercurial or
whatever you like to call these for the
past half an hour I was literally just
running around picking everything so let
me show you what I'm buying I just went
crazy guys so number one I'm getting
these mercurial's as I told you guys
number two I'm getting the number three
these I've wanted to get these for so
long and then two jumpers guys so yeah
anyways we just finished up over at the
outlet store right now if you can see
this in my hand we bought a ton of stuff
guys by the way shout out to do your
honor what's wrong so we're in the
outlet stores and peace out yet it's
like a warehouse did you can see that
it's literally like a warehouse of shoes
so that's madness yo so check out the
store that they have over here this
place is crazy what yo what is this
place oh my goodness this is like a
collector store and they have like
everything yo oh my god oh my god I feel
like we're in the movie we are in the
movie Iron Man hood - oh the guys
looking at me so they actually show this
statue over here guys this one is 58,000
for the rest the ones that have lights
those are just by demo one so that's
actually really cool honestly I've never
been to a collector store this big
anyways we're going to head out this
place I just had to come and show you
because it's so cool
like the weighted design the space is
unbelievable yo they even go football
players they were Owen Rooney here so
we're finally finished with all of the
shopping as you can see right now I'm
heading out home not the best idea to
come in the Ferrari because they say
scan me guys I paid for I paid for valet
and like it literally just got like a
normal parking space
that's funny money oh sure
all righty whoa all right so I quit II
want to change my mom and sister just go
home BAM
as you can see and it is time to show
them what I got
you're like a mother game taking over
gloves is greatly so that's a lot I went
and bought a lot of stuff early years
the first thing I saw it's not just
shoes I go closes law you ready this is
super nice ice number one like it hey
hey why you all enjoy your the sultry
moms like you too baby
he's not a real baby Isaac at like yeah
hey I hear about I stop being so why we
surrounded like you know becoming here
yes I'm going to read into the back what
wait what was that moment why do you
have a pocket on the back I can know
wasn't my hole and some were unexpected
imagine on my Airport I'm hiding my
phone where would you expect it to be
here but then I roll out phase my and
I'm sure nobody's gonna notice that no
as always was I'm going to say good
night so if you hear I hope you've
enjoyed today's vlog I'm super tired
right now like my eyes so I would say
night nights a lot of you by the way
quick reminder in six days I'm thinking
the winner of the giveaway so if you
want to enter to win a free laptop all
you need to do is press the subscribe
button you can click right here and also
click right here to watch my last video
and as always jolly ol boy
