yoyoyo what is not everybody how you
doing this morning is actually going to
be a pretty fun morning me and my sister
are heading out to the moon island
so I'm pretty sure most of you don't
know what this island is in fact a moon
doesn't yeah you actually saw one of my
friends that you guys have seen on the
low side eight months ago we went jet
skiing with him use a llamo this place
could the moon island do you want to go
scuba diving then I was like let's try I
mean what's the worst that could happen
that was my sister sound effects on her
phone yeah you know you're a youtuber
when you got all these sounds like
random as diving sound of a bell Adele
whoa I check it out boys we finally made
it over here you know everything in the
morning looks so much nicer
we always leak all the links so we don't
even get to see the morning life face is
beautiful everywhere we go to the damn
piano guys look at it inviting people
you're suing blue in the morning ice
cream yeah and the morning I wake up to
this is what you call a swimming pool my
sisters taking an artistic Instagram
shot right here then angles though Oh
what is that noise
what is that weird as noise the first
step is we need to get past the same
pool and actually go over to the beach
because when I was supposed to be here
Lana you're so fake during a happy
t-shirt and you're sad the island why
she heading over to is a one hour boat
ride so yeah what the hell is this guys
this is this sound
what the hell is that give me the
plastic she's like put your phone inside
it when you're underwater emergencies
can ya mommy if you think about how do I
call and talk to her oh the scenery in
the morning is so nice I feel like a
vampire first thing the sunlight I
haven't been out in the Sun for so down
love is viewed oh look at that
oh yeah well I feel like a monk guy look
at that oh my god this is one fancy ass
hotel over here kind of you behind this
oh my goodness what the hell Beach City
first things first safety first guys
don't forget we're putting on the life
jacket are you ready listen remember if
they had this in a Titanic nobody would
have died if nobody would have died just
remember guys it's go time guys we're
about to head onto the boat we're going
into the war no coming back here don't
make me fall my dad just lean a little
bit more back we're actually going to be
going a little over here guys so we're
not taking this to the island man come
on mo you can do this you made it we're
all the way right now raises people
oh my god
like the way Bobby Moore ride the wave
do you feel like you can hold you can I
could you like to fight into it drop it
like it's hot drop it like it's hot drop
it like a lotta right now they have to
hold it you can't stand up alone for
this video
you think you think good my granny G
decide well I do minutes away from the
island right now he slowed down so the
guys
right now and my brothers in front of me
like a deer won't realize Wow look at
this look at it I think we're the first
people to ever come here guys I'm about
to go to Ankara guys ready let's do this
hope he doesn't think of oh god you got
a bug well done your first lesson
language right as you can see we're just
parking the boat up next to the island
this is crazy
there is no clear you know there's
nobody over here that's the crazy part
guys I that looks though sighs my oh my
god hi guys if you can hear that that is
complete silence that is weird
we're clearly got changes up into our
suit so we can go underwater yeah it is
a regaining weight I don't know where's
that not ready to go
yeah well code oh my god it yeah you
look like a fish right now oh my god it
okay Lana's all ready to go are you
ready
why do your lips look like you've had
Botox on your leg so in six plenty my
goodness that's gonna go down I got my
toes in a lot of ass in the sand not a
in a world of cold we're in my hand I
was good today
bad boy bad boy damn boy well damn boy
yeah I only look like a mess right now
but we're weighted back from shore that
was intended because that was crazy like
that was literally one of the coolest
experiences ever guys Wow was the
occupant yeah what the hell is that what
is your knee over hydraulic emergency I
catch you later
I just failed to do that sooner
yeah you know it's actually really
becoming more fun like because you know
what the more you do it the more easier
you get and then you start doing more
experiments underwater
yo guys that is crazy Titanic wedgie
every night I see you I feel you my mom
really hungry always eating myself rizal
I think we're gonna head back to the my
god those are one day vacation over here
at the private island you already know
what it is Luna and I should go on it
but I'm scared why I don't know that
it's like nobody's in the disguiser
dining on the island you actually did
this inhabitant you know there is people
don't exaggerate this like god I like
the island gone so for now we're saying
goodbye to the island guys that was so
cool we're there for now we're heading
back that way
Oh
klonda is driving the ball right now
we're doomed
or dude who gave her the boat oh my god
can you see where you're going anyways
as you can see my sister's actually
driving the boat right now it's crazy
whoa look at that view in front of us
right now
Wow yeah bro be careful that how it
applies to the witches you cried over it
with my new blog we made it we made it
now that was cool
yeah enemies bush for now we're heading
a whole crazy crazy day huge thank you
to our friends at sky and the adventures
man you know my boy Andy thank you so
much appreciate as always and actually
might be coming back next week to go and
they have like these new fly boards and
also teach you got I love water sports
now what can I do anyways thanks again
guys appreciate it
I love you no homo aresia I'll leave
that link in the description so you guys
can check it out on your ears off kind
of fun man oh my god there's camels next
to us oh my goodness sir what does this
is it only in divide you get interrupted
by camels all team behind you
thank you to all of them guys they
hooked it up today you already know man
a fantastic day for us I'm sure it was
fantastic thing for you too I thank you
so much le on a visa okay but you my
life I thank you and here is before we
end up you were just going to say
goodbye to my man Andy appreciate it so
much you already know guys official no
discord any shoutouts any fans and girls
out there hey and here is much love man
peace out
boom for now we're heading up home let's
go get the car guys notice something my
hair's gone blonde
what the hell what the guys have you
realize our colors washing out thank you
very much yeah we got a BMW IH eyes oh
my god is that my car they brought that
just released eek
1/2 hours later yo I guess there's been
a couple of hours since I've picked up
the camera guys I would be honest my
editing took way longer than I expected
but I was also doing something in that
time guys now do you guys remember a
while back I told you that my PayPal
account was blocked okay I couldn't
touch any of my money on there but now I
got it back yes it wasn't like a lot of
money but it was still a good amount you
know I wanted to do online shopping with
it's all but I was kind of mad by the
way just to announce this after two more
I'm going to pick the winner of the
PlayStation so yeah I think I'll do a
livestream on Instagram if not I just
blogged me picking a random winner look
at this on the hide unit cat he eats off
the floor look at it look at it what the
hell look at him take a journey portion
out with his head eat it from the bowl
oh my god I just want to say one thing
before I wrap up today's vlog guys if
you can see you in front of me right now
I have a live subscriber count' we are
less than 20,000 subscribers away from 3
million you guys are amazing my biggest
nightmare is honestly hitting 3 million
while I'm asleep I know that sounds
crazy I just I don't want to miss it you
know so thank you guys so so much you're
all amazing if you haven't already go
become part of the 3 mil squad right now
and go click Subscribe and you're in as
always I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow
yaaaay Yolo bye boom
