hey hey hey Magritte ah I'm dying
ah the cringe oh my god what the hell do
we have over here yeah yo what is up
everybody welcome to another vlog now to
start off today's vlog somebody actually
left something on my car nozzle you know
what why not check it out together so
they actually left a bag with money in
it and a games card okay so you guys
remember somebody actually left me a
game card like a week ago so it could
actually be the same person if it wasn't
theirs those guys dear moe
sorry we didn't leave any money on the
game card last time so this is actually
the same person here we go we have left
you another card with a hundred diamonds
on it oh yeah oh yeah you didn't have to
do that well thank you so much go and
log your experience and have some fun
it's just a prank I don't know maybe if
I go there they still won't be anything
on that so the first place we're
actually heading off to today is we're
going to a costume shop now but a couple
of things I need to get from there so I
will quickly go change my clothes so we
can head out of here and it's these
anything but true oh my god holy moly
that actually work I I guess I don't
need to go change anymore because yeah
ready by the way before we head out guys
I want to show you one thing now if you
don't already follow me on instagram
guys my last post on there which is this
okay has 85 key likes and it could be my
first ever post to hit 100k so if you
guys haven't already gonna liked it
please go over to my Instagram right now
and yes I'll be crazy like 100k on one
fall there why do you have a laptop in
your hand but that ain't your laptop
though ah
what type of business will wear
flip-flops
we have to play the song I don't know
feel of where I was like I can't stop so
check it out we finally made it over
here oh my goodness look at the cool
field are you ready to go costume
shopping Croc and mate we can be
anything we want for a day yeah Yui
pointing towards the Linder aid round
you point it towards it like Lisa
Simpson this is the coolest thing ever
guys it's so easy to wear as oh look at
it what it's like literally like a hat
so Lana just tried her outfit on guys
and check it out
okay we got a new princess's down guys
it's not Elsa it's leva la la Elsa ha ha
real question is can also break it down
hey hey the cream oh I'm dying
ah yes the cringe my sister has the full
costume on right now check this out guys
you know for now I'm heading upstairs
because that where the men's section is
guys we don't really weird
they have like a bunch of very unusual
pictures I look at these pictures of the
costumes but my man oh man what you
doing calm down
oh yeah my brother is just mom oh you
wanna know how I got these scars by the
way guys right now that we're in here my
boy silentó is on the radio so after I
buy across you I'm actually going to go
to the radio I say what's up to him so
yeah so me and my sister actually made a
decision we're going to buy another two
outfits we're going to buy BAM
you know this blow-up outfit you have
guys we're going to buy two of those and
at home we're gonna do a sumo wrestling
match what no no yeah you and mommy mo
can do that - yeah they actually have a
bunch of really nice hats that you can
cut off stomachs so cool what
what did you do did you smack yourself
in the fete you yo actually mow blocks
don't being here tonight
I think he's on the way I need to check
my phone oh yeah I love the arms away to
the studio tonight these radio stations
okay I know like your mobile just come
in here no that way I am but I'm doing
it oh my god I quickly dropped my
volunteer off at home guys I'm heading
over to the radio station right now
let's go see what's up cause he told me
20 minutes late okay I mean it's been on
so mobile I'll still be downstairs I
mean let me let me go get around quick
comments 20 minutes divide time zone so
you can play idea why all right all
right all right okay I find you made it
over here guys let's joke no I'm sorry
for being late guys I just I didn't know
that I was supposed to be here on time
so my voice on it so that you just said
you want to come and I was like yeah me
why not I'll come and look at you and
now I'm like full-on on the radio people
are talking about behind check it out
guys we're going in right now yeah
know how we got mad how are you
we're here we're here ready what are we
going to be doing today well today we
are hanging out with Omar vlog and
silent oh how much energy you've been
here for three hours guys I heard my
name 20 times on the radiata I'm coming
out pretty shy you're supposed to be
here like half an hour ago question
arises he told me come to watch me I
didn't know I'm supposed to like do
anything in it watch it guys would you
love to hear most logs on a radio every
day oh god please no no I got to see
he's got like I'd absolutely grow buggy
team on here we got it all and my so and
but I watch me will now watch me nae nae
come on oh man man tellers no no no what
is everybody everybody what is everybody
oh so you get to hang out in what
Ferraris and Lamborghinis veneer ladies
on the radio it's just so weird
I'm the worst on radio I'm digital word
cuz I can't say anything already oh hey
mobile is awesome on radio man
yeah Moe blessed women Nene with me oh
my god I got to be where can i watch me
nae nae okay
hey oh I don't know anything
dude it's little boys it's little right
now mule silent or in the studio alone
so we're gonna play around with
everything they have over here guys
that's the way if you ever wondering
what happens while the radios playing
music this is behind this is not working
we're gonna play this laughing game
right well I can I feel like it's gonna
hurt all right okay so you put your hand
in I have to ask you a question okay are
you the real silentó are you really a
fan of me yes my my touch other
questions are mad you have to make me
sign up is actually hurt have you
watched any of my vlog well yes yes I
have you ever day haven't wanted too
many questions you got you know you got
a drag it on trick you would not be
silent apparently most lots of joint
live invited radio you don't girl on
your screen right now I'm going to tell
you what you can press I returned that
kinetic anya igeon to this recession get
mad at the bill
whoa thanks for having me on the show my
floss okay anyways voice for now we're
heading out for is a goodbye to sign
into a mad crazy until next time you
already know yeah yeah boom hi boys that
was super super crazy had so much fun
okay okay the pressure button tag hey
guys oh you have to hold the button I
got it thank you mommy did you hear me
on the radio wait how do you see my dad
he's like oh you're on the last vision
recording it I know why god I didn't
even know I was going today like I don't
know literally I was buying myself a
shawarma which is like me Oh on the
radio that movement on the way to region
when mole dogs better know what I like
this for I hope today's vlog I actually
want to show you my sister's new else
the costume okay this thing actually
comes like a professional like suit look
at it damn oh my goodness
are you ready to see the transformation
guys that was the coolest magic trick
I've ever received
yo alright guys as you can see my
sister's new outfit just know just know
that we're going to be dressing up like
this more on the box guys okay you don't
want this listed another magic trick ok
3 2 1 whoa look at who we have here
radical dude
you know like you said holy shit don't
even ask what's going on early morning
what the hell is happening now there's
no control you don't like the curtains
I'm here what the hell is wise there are
metal thing in your dress guys I just
want to say I love you all by the way we
are literally this close to 3 million
subscribers thank you thank you thank
you you guys are amazing I love your as
always I'll see you guys tomorrow
stay awesome yah yah no bye boom
