guys what is she doing oh my god oh my
god don't what the hell when I show you
our Indian side today you ready Oh what
is that everybody welcome to another
vlog today is a sunny day now if you
guys didn't watch yesterday's vlog for
the post-war week it's been like pouring
down with rain here and now today check
it out
to celebrate it be exciting guys the
cats are literally like dead asleep in
the garden look look at these guys yeah
bubbles is enjoying the Sun down look at
the Sun life right now
ah this feels so good so since the Sun
is out today I want to test something
out now I bought this lovable like a
month ago apparently this thing is
supposed to change colors in the Sun
apparently again so let's test it out
guys this is how it looks like guys so
yeah I'm just going to leave it in the
Sun and see what happens okay
a few moments later no oh my god do you
guys see that it's already becoming like
dark red wait is it just me out of those
is that just me or is it changing color
so for the past few days I've actually
been playing with like apps that also
tune your voice and I want to do a
little singing for you guys right now
okay
Oh guys that is the funniest thing ever
so since it's such a beautiful day
outside today guys all thing you know
what why not let's go skate morning it's
good like ages to sub written written
rodent
how did hell'd you say a certain ages
since I've used my electric skateboard
so let's do this so every guys oh my god
whoa alright doors life until it's slow
maybe the back neither something wrong
with this unfortunately it turns out
that this ran out of battery guys if you
can hear it just doesn't turn on are you
kidding me
the one day I wanted to go skateboarding
change of plans electrical skateboarded
out of charge so we're gonna go with the
electric bike housing system yeah check
it out boys we got the motor bike back
in action
oh by the way I just realized what I'm
wearing on my feet guys I accidentally
forgot to change my shoes I'm wearing
like these toilet flip-flops that we
have yeah all right so I clearly just
finished up at the supermarket guys and
you won't believe what happened so I
came out with one no icky I just had 100
in my pocket and see yo your eye to the
cash get the hell out of me
they're basically I came out with only
one note in my pocket and when I went to
the cashier to pee it wasn't in my
pocket and I was like oh I'm gonna
be that one guy that has no money right
and then somebody came up to me was like
you dropped this note so he saw me drop
it and he came all the way to the
cashier to give me a dad if you're
watching this thank you so much anyways
boys for an hour heading off home let's
go look we got the shopping done at
least so yeah finally made it back home
just in case you guys are wondering
where my sister's car is she's actually
going to the salon to like color her
hair I think so if she comes home with
like really weird hair now you know why
okay I'm not sure if you guys have
realized but our carpet has actually
been gone for the past few days
basically we gave it in for cleaning and
right now they're delivering it look at
it there it comes guys all right we need
to actually check if it's ours because I
don't even know guys but I'm pretty sure
it is it looks like our time to check
the dog that is the thing I've ever done
ah whoa looking clean look at this the
second we get the carpet back they're
scratching it are you kidding me
struggles of owning cats like I'm on a
judge as cute and fluffy as cats are
they're sometimes really annoying okay
so a lot of finally made it back home
guys as you can see she just quickly
parking her car up so let's go see what
her hair has become God honestly I have
no idea what color she's gonna do like I
think it's brown or I don't know it
could be pink purple knows God knows by
now yo your parking sucks
that was not good moment of truth nalu's
the same bad before
good job you just spent you just spent
like two thousand to make the same hair
good job
I made amazing you know it's really
really funny bubbles looks like he needs
to go take up whoo guys look at him
is it sitting here the whole day let me
actually show you guys the process my
sister's hair went through to turn out
like dye k I know there wasn't a big
change but look at this they literally
made her a blonde I know right no good I
told you it was red on the top and they
had to Beach the top to get the red out
guys this is just crazy
alright guys so right now my boy silent
oh just messaged me he's actually like
streaming and he's on the verge of radio
him he was like you'll come watch my
live stream I'm going to give you a
shout out so let's check this out
together guys I love you guys I love you
guys is that me or is that my shadow I'm
over keep roasting you cookies hot
friends hey yo mow lawns in a building
right now mobilize in a building right
now so right now me and my sister are
watching the live stream guys like I
brought about 20 shout out so far that
I'm just waiting on till he goes on the
radio like they're doing like some radio
interviews
Yemen the whole radio is going to hear
my name again I'm back baby I'm back on
the radio so why I'm flying I'm going to
see do what there would mean being with
me sometimes rushing along you're
watching our brawl with a Dewback you
already know will the day be watching -
Mariah Carey - oh yeah we've everybody
yes if you heard you on the radio shout
out to Silent Hill anyways voice but now
we have found we are heading out I want
to go and buy an outfit but not like a
normal outfit gay it's a special outfit
so let's go and I'll show you guys once
were out what it is okay by the way I'm
buying the outfit because I want to
match with my sister's outfit that she
has if you haven't seen her vlog yeah if
you see the vlog guys if you see the
vlog you know what it's working
basically my sister got an Indian outfit
and I won't want to now so yes check
this out
Oh anyways we're going out to buy me an
Indian up is also let's do this guy's yo
we found it guys
oh my god wow wow looks goodness I think
I found me why she wash the clothes up
to my face is revenge for when I put the
Cambria yeah oh you are looking good
move move back I'm trying to show you
bump into my walk back you come forward
oh oh look at that
yo yo the edges broken oh yeah put it
back wasn't happy we have to pay we have
Evan I can name
it's got emotional you guys anymore
crack you made me crack you mate we
found a shell to see over who said my
eyebrows are big you can't even see them
singing Kenny very guys I just won't
shut up he's a bird to dumb pig blood
out of this door mommy where they kick
you out the last thing I want to do
before we head back home guys
hey what you gonna hold the key
and there's one prize I want to win okay
take that out those glossy he does lost
as a mom no I want them the black one or
that one yeah that's that my eyes are on
the prize right now yeah these you have
to pay to normies one for like a claw
machine is made - okay
you have an audience man look your own
audio everyone stay mobile oh okay
non-smoking i three two one
he was about to get it the son of late
he's trying to play off you know guys
you ignore the answers you guys what is
she doing oh my god oh my god what the
hell what the hell was that
so now that we're home time to show you
on you dog 14 guys are you ready for
this we're going to show you our Indian
side today you're gonna get in the horny
guys well there you go that was our
little attempt at dancing Indian you saw
the Indian side of us guys so let us
know how you think we did guys I want to
do more dancing on this channel guys you
know it's not a cannon I told you we
used to be a world champion that dancing
so I have to get my spot back in that
guy first yeah yeah yeah we did we'd
understand it we just enjoyed make sure
just smash the like button don't forget
to subscribe
otherwise guys I love you all thank you
so so much as a support and like ten
days is my birthday so comment happy
birthday MO and yeah the wait I love you
I love all my Indian fans and everybody
else so this was for you guys
hi Galliano bye Bo
