let's see how the weather's like today
oh my god yo everyone what is that
welcome to another vlog so today is
actually a really crazy day it's
actually been raining for like the past
half an hour it's crazy I'm gonna be
honest I kind of like it like the thing
is we don't get rain here too much so
it's kind of nice the good thing about
rain is you get a free car wash guys
look at that look how clean the cars are
looking right now yo by the way I just
feel the weirdest thing ever
on our CCTV guys what the hell what yeah
oh no you're just not no more no more
dancing in front of the cameras it's
just raining it's pouring there's a
flood out there oh yeah how's that for
30 seconds it's much more fun to do this
my sister wants to go running right now
in the rain I don't know the weather
should stop us there man
I think I might have to take my GoPro
that's how wet it is right now why don't
you run so what we doing we look like a
bunch of psychos right now oh are you
kidding me
are you here to sample one
what's the help Wow exposed look at this
new man hug these treaty scenes right
it's true
trust us a lot these lows guys it's a
district guys this actually looks really
quite want to touch it whoa I just go
savage yeah look at this by the way they
have a really nice garden over here
while exposing the Goswami my mom just
couldn't think so he just made it back
home guys
I'll be honest that was not a very smart
idea like I thought it would stop
raining but no but it was not a good
idea running it
paparazzi attack yo art psych really
went and change my clothes because right
now I'm actually heading out guys and
it's been like an hour since we went
running and it's still raining
what right now we're heading out to go
view some properties now the thing is I
know you guys have seen me go view
properties for like a year now and
nothing's happened so I'm not going to
bore you guys with it that's where I'm
going I just thought I'd let you know so
let's go and yeah let's see if we can
finally buy something today so we just
made a note of the building we're gonna
go check out guys this is it BAM the
massive building over here anyways let's
go check out the apartment it's like
it's the worst thing to go like house
hunting guys but you got to do what you
got to do by the way check out my mom's
umbrella guys this thing is
truly a weapon Wow
anyways we're just waiting for the ages
to get here so you can show us the house
once the agent gets here he's going to
take us upstairs to go check out the
apartment so hopefully it's good and
yeah okay so we're taking a look at the
first apartment guys and the view from
this one is amazing
check it out guys Wow you have like a
whole golf course view over here which
just looks incredible this one's a
little bit pricey for a one-bedroom but
the view is insane and you can even see
people swimming pool from here which is
awesome look at this oh my god there's
too much water so this is the second
place we're checking out this is a two
bedroom guys and basically all the
lights are out I won't try to figure out
how to turn it on guys basically guys we
cooled the ages and he wasn't here and
he said you can go inside and check it
out so yeah mommy oh so scared
perfect this is the two bedrooms as a
bathroom I'm not going anywhere near
there yeah this is the weirdest thing
I've ever done we're checking out an
apartment alone the only thing is guys
the view is nowhere near as nice as the
other one look at it let's go let's go
before we die no before we down you know
a voice for now we're gonna head off
home let's go as you can see you got the
awesome umbrella the first one we saw is
amazing amazing but it is mummy both
choice but it's super expensive guys but
of course because that view but it's
like yeah I want something nice but at
the price of a not nice one if you know
what I mean so yeah look at the road
right now oh my god I'm in a parking lot
and the cat is walking on somebody's car
oh he sees us eight seasons to check it
out right now we just made it
over to the mold guys and basically they
have something that I've really wanted
for a long time Sam they've got the one
wheel skateboard over here guys
damn this thing is cool here goes
nothing guys I'm going to attempt riding
the one real right now so let's do this
check it out my man just gliding on that
thing it looks so cool once you know
what you're doing you know what I mean
you guys lit yo mami what you think I
should buy it
yo I literally found the coolest thing
ever guys basically they have to put
over here like it's like a biscuit jar
or something and look at this when you
take this off listen what there's a
speaker under his own you lift it it
makes you really cool by the way check
it out just met this homie over here
what so what I'll do sorry yeah watch my
bug lens effects on this guy this guy's
the man they have a bunch more cool like
Star Wars stuff look at this
they have like glosses that connect
together guys what look you can mix and
match yo I'm pretty sure these are all
cookie guys guys
for now we're heading out here that's
why I always love coming to the gadget
section it puts a smile on my face
staying cool things but yeah for now
we're going home
let's go oh by the way just before
leaving I met Daniel what's up with
summer
Yolo Yolo I appreciate it thank you sir
by the way I actually met some me in the
mall and they told me they left
something at my car damn everything is
possible if you work hard in silence let
your Bugatti make the sound yellow Yolo
damn that is so cool oh well there's
something else on my car it says to mow
money inside oh yeah look at these
happen thank you so much for the lair
guys yo look all of this water there's
so much water on the road that was so
fun look at I cargoes oh my god
what are you kidding me my windows were
up as well I didn't make that much noise
I just wanna let you guys know bubbles
hasn't been feeling well today guys he's
actually been really really sick like I
don't know what's happened to him like
she keeps on coughing and choking up and
he like he didn't vomit but yeah he's
back today and that sounds weird right a
cat's big but like get a lot of phlegm
inside him so check out how we give
bubbles water or any sick guys so my mom
makes his hand wet and he drinks it off
his hand
ah realize that it does the job anyways
I just want to say for anybody who
hasn't watched yesterday's video of the
Bugatti please please go check it out
that video got so much support from you
guys like honestly I don't think I've
ever released a video that got that much
support I know it sounds crazy but like
I literally like was it the first three
hours it got half a million people
watching here which is bitch insane ah
yo I love you guys I just want to remind
you guys five more days until I announce
the PlayStation 4 giveaway by the way
let me know where I should announce it I
think to announce the giveaway winner I
might actually live stream for the first
time on my Instagram account so go and
follow me on Instagram there I think
that would be a really cool wait till I
announce the winner so everybody can see
it as well so yeah by the way just being
completely honest as you guys you don't
know how badly I want to open your gift
the thing is I'm saving them up for my
birthday which is in like 10 days
because a lot of these are actually
birthday gifts so thank you guys so so
much by the way I haven't said this in a
while but my pure books is BAM if you
guys wonder said anything it doesn't
have to be for my birthday or anything
that is my P o box information so yeah I
literally I've been buying myself
everyday like yo I can't open it I have
to wait and yeah as always yelling oh no
I whoa
