yo what is that everybody go today we're
actually starting off the day early and
we're going for a movie with our friends
well I haven't been to a movie in like
forever so let's go and have some fun
let's see how it turns out the movie I
think it's good xxx guys so yeah like
Vin Diesel in it it's a big movie
alright alright alright we made it let's
go guys we're super late right now look
we're already late you don't want like
five minutes late but normally they have
like 10 15 minutes of advertisements or
for movies so we'll do it a few moments
later I go look
I'll go hi danette so good to be back
so check it out we just finished
watching the movie it was actually
really really good and if you're
wondering who I was watching with I was
at a low guys BAM it wasn't my boy Raj
it and right now we're at the top floor
and they have indoor football over here
well we're actually playing against the
people that work over here so let's see
who wins the challenge this is a
challenge
alright here we go by the way look at
the lockers they have over here BAM they
actually have like all of the players
there where's Wes Christian Oh where's
Christian oh oh there's my guys that's
my guy the best player in the world
yep okay check it out writing right now
what do you do it I think they're aiming
pretty cool oh that was a nice one over
oh come on god I was good talking about
Abdullah and their buck-toothed going up
do it you can do yeah ha ha ha good oh
my god oh okay we got goods goalkeeping
skills there he's about to go in oh that
was so close guys
let's see
wait with that square or we gonna old go
without all good
oh my god okay look at the score I check
out these seats are pretty cool they're
like Hoffa here like because the
footboard Hoffa
yeah and even they have like these
tables I made out of Cup no I'm gonna
say I need to run watering eyes I would
die yeah they're all keeping most of it
so since we finished playing football if
you don't remember me Oh should I
actually going to go buy a pair of shoes
right now
ladies first me this late in the morning
is really really nice little doll
brothers goggles so check it out boys we
just made over to the Jordan store got
the plug over here mark aka the dawn
what's up these are the shoes were
getting boys BAM the hologram watered in
Jordan 13s or something you can happen
to snack on them video I don't know what
it is man you know Rogers going to teach
us something about these shoes I put the
flashlight I don't get it
what's happening nothing
ah it's a reflective thing let's see the
fall whoa
so these are the shoes on feet BAM as
you can see my boy watches wearing them
hey a modeling though look like a boss
I'm gonna help worked it up anyways for
now we caught the shoes boys BAM as you
can see I go on rock she's going he's
actually wearing his shoes so yeah wear
your sneakers right on time with me I
bet you don't wear your sneakers anyways
thanks mark high-five see you next time
I'm actually so ahead right now boys I
want to go home I didn't even show you
the shoes properly like normally I give
you like an in depth true tour but I
call right now I'm dying peace out bro
until next time
I actually really love glassing songs
out is boys I'm bored I'm bored of what
we have now you know this is how you
know we're getting old because I started
I'm not liking this generations news day
I'm like yo this is all my parents feel
when I listen to hip-hop hey daddy what
about to 7zy jungle boy what what about
him don't you like jungle boy he was the
boy he was the girl can I make obvious
I thought he wasn't good and I we buddy
very low boys
whoa so the thing is even though I just
got home and I see heading back out
right now I'm having a meeting with one
of my friends and just know that
something special might be coming soon
okay I'm just just no no check it out I
just came to a meeting right now with my
boy Mohit if you guys remember him
remember that day when I went in a
yellow Ferrari yeah that was his Ferrari
oh yeah guys I love his flag he's got
the Gucci hat you got a Burberry top
he's a Ladykiller right here he's
amazing today for now I just finished up
at the moon oh it's really cool my boy
mo he's actually winning got shirt
custom mo he's the boss
hey number one on the back years old
check that out a peace out bro
peace out all right go in your car yeah
look at that how do you movies again how
do you okay and you just bought this car
damos will talk right there
we saw it again they save they save it
so another mom I should have taught you
guys about the little meeting I had with
my friends so you guys know I went out
to talk to a friend about property now
basically my friends like a real estate
mogul so he knows everything about it
and I just wanted to get some ideas now
the thing is I've been telling you for
the past few weeks I want to buy a place
and the place that I want to borrow or
initially wants to buy was like you know
a small apartment which I can rent out
just for the sake of renting out not
living or anything now the thing is
officer toolkit appeals that why don't
you just buy a place that you can live
in yourself you know just like we live
in it don't even need to like ever worry
about anything else
it will be your place now yeah that's
where I kind of want to talk to you guys
do you think I should and I know it
might sound like an easy answer should I
buy a big place for myself or a small
apartment but I don't know I'm trying to
take into consideration the cost and
everything and
I don't know boys but yeah I kind of
wanted to get it off my brain maybe you
guys have some experience when it comes
to buying houses or apartments do you
think I should take you like slowly by
small one-bedroom and then maybe when I
gather enough money like buy a big house
or do you think I should just go get a
loan and just go ball out by the way I
should have a pretty sad announcement
tomorrow is granny mode LA stay here
why'd you look extra wide you look happy
it's bad fortune
people laughing crock you mate we found
a rare species of vomiting Tigers
I've got one dirham but there's too many
choices right now what do I buy Danny
Danon this was right here I'm gonna get
red st boys red Oh life is doing that no
it sucks
are you kidding me that was ridiculous
they go stuck in there oh my god they
have a really cool game over here what I
want to show you the coolest game I've
ever seen
as long as you know how you have this
stage you have this game where you stay
with your friends bat bat bat yeah they
wouldn't be all mine
by the Canadian yeah
Wow so our brother wants to show you
guys something
again I don't understand the idea of
these pans guys BAM
it looks like it's dirty as hell hey
wonderful oh you don't you do make a
panel of jury and send it all genius
idea we're so smart guys do you know how
they have like a rolls-royce moonlit
ceiling this is like a pan moonlit have
you noticed the sky above you know do
you realize that this is just kind of um
yeah you give whaler boys I know I'm
doing a lot to give away a ban gonna
give away alert yeah whatever
that's better so I actually didn't know
this but apparently Paris Hilton has a
shop BAM
what are you kidding me what would
happen so we quickly came over to this
store cuz my mom and grandma are
shopping around but like what they have
over here bang oh they have like these
pillows shaped like a lime they have a
watermelon like neck plush whatever you
call this thing did you like it that is
all also right is a watermelon neck
pillow I'm too awesome not to be a
priority
this is something my sister would wear
guys it's so done
I want one of you to edit one of my
Corvettes with this music okay um I got
me man I see cars flying gummy gummy
gummy hey it's raining it's raining my
stop man I swear trading oh my god
raining it's raining it's writing a back
hand and oh yeah so we just made a home
like he's super super tired right now
but before in today's blog I promised
you I show you my new shoes properly so
BAM they're in despatches the thing is
there she has a silver box now if you
guys buy Jordans they don't ignore me on
a silver box so that's actually
something pretty special I'll say so all
right let's do like a mini unboxing
right now does dun dun dun
I love doing epoxy whenever I guess you
guys inside as you can see where these
are the shoes I'm not sure how well you
can see that do you see that the
hologram anyway that's super dope boys
know sometimes as always I'm gonna say
good night doing a few here night night
night night and I'll see you tomorrow
for another ethnic well by the way I
know I'm gonna keep reminding you if you
haven't already click this subscribe
button right here and you are in to win
a laptop and click here to watch my last
video cuz it's pretty dope why I do a
super more I love your Yolo Yolo
