ah-ha-ha-ha
yo yo yo what's up everybody how you're
doing so the first thing that happened
today is they just delivered us the cat
near okay and look at the box
BAM this is what it came in and you know
what's weird cat beside from him having
glosses those glasses actually look like
the snapchat glasses I look at this what
are you kidding me this guy's literally
just with snapchat glasses on an air box
we just found the coolest song ever guys
look at it he stole my intro song man
this came up in 2014 I stole somebody's
it's true I tell you this all semester
short guys I honestly feel like I've
stolen I'm I'm stolen somebody's intro
right now we're about to head out let's
go guys
what are we doing we're buying me some
boxers we watch my own stuff do you go
bra shopping alone do you go bra
shopping alone rah rah
I do go bra shopping alone Hey exactly
yeah yeah alright so we just made it
over to the underwear section guys so
quickly gonna search for a pair of
boxers guys as you can see I don't think
these are the ones I want guys yeah
wrong section guys I'm sorry alright I
think the boxers are over here yes they
are guys BAM
wait wait why is I kid looking at me hey
yo stop looking at me bro alright
there's your voice we found some boxers
as this vlogging is not weird enough
imagine vlogging buying underwear with
other security guards looking really
funny to see
so I quickly came over to the toy store
and they actually have some really cool
skateboard
they have light-up skateboards check it
out so this is what they are guys and
they have a demo video so you can see
them what that looks so cool by the way
I just survived and solo over here you
watches the voice actor to my friend's
son legs and helmet and you might find
any part the reason why I should like
coming to toy stores it kind of shows me
how evolved our kids are becoming again
actually our kids as if I have a kid I
don't have a kid but I mean just the
younger generation they have damn like
robotic dinosaurs now look at this look
at mommy mom sandwich won't what I don't
know what they've done to my mom's
murder but it's so cool and something
that oh my god so the thing is right now
something very special is going to be
coming to our house now you guys know my
friend who has the Laffer re he also
owns the 4x4 spread and he's actually
going to be bringing that to my house
right now we didn't like the next one
our okay no sounds so crazy I don't you
guys probably don't even believe me but
trust me when I go home my friends going
to come in the for my fourth grade all
right I clearly took the roof down on
the car so you can get some fresh air
plus we did a takeaway on some food and
it stinks
so we just made it back home guys I love
putting the roof back on listen to these
guys whoa I feel like it's about to eat
me guys yeah we made it back home guys
we got my sister some food come on Shawn
what will happen to the diet man yeah
yeah that happened to the diet guys give
us a review you must in depth review
like the chicken connoisseur how's the
jaw oh a lot of food reviews is not
working out so check it out my friend
just made it over here guys and bam this
is the car guys the amazing purple 4x4
squared
Wow look at the color on this thing guys
wow wow look at this beast it just feels
so cool having this in front of my house
so my friend actually has a really cool
torch this thing is super super powerful
check it out guys thank you yo it is
torch it's like four torches in one guys
here goes nothing guys I'm going to turn
on the torch on the car three two one
Sam what are you doing that flash
library it's like a proper heavy vehicle
flashlight in your hand you know what's
even cooler the lights on this thing
there's solar panels so if you guys see
on top of here that charges in the day
and at night it uses the energy to flash
so that is really cool and it's even
magnetic so uh it's really hard I
usually show the husband guys but you
can actually pull it off the metal guys
yeah so for now my friends actually
heading out in the g-wagon guys I'm
gonna follow with my Mustang for a
little bit just to vlog the car for you
guys and yeah look at this car at night
oh my goodness that is so cool
oh my god or car this biggest sure is
powerful how is it so cooing I don't
know much to say about the G 4x4 except
it's definitely worth the money guys I
think it's around like $300,000 but it's
just such a beautiful car look at my car
look at the trailer let's go
ah stop it
this car is smoking me our saying
goodbye to our friend now guys peace out
there you go boys that is how you say
goodbyes your friends at night you just
do a small little drive with them be
setting up back home ok so I just made
it back home as you saw my friend just
left with his car guys while on the way
back I realized I still have this in my
car now if you guys didn't watch
yesterday's video I wanted Award Digest
we finally did it we wanted award guys
basically the supercar Club Arabia at
the end of their tour they always give
out gifts to the members and I won
because I was like a social media person
let me show you it's actually beautiful
guys are you ready for this guy's bang
yeah check it out boys boo
it's actually really heavy displeased go
off like pure gloss guys it's insane
yeah thank you for giving me this guys
appreciate it
yelling yo know what I will put it back
in the box guys I just so I show you one
more time thank you a really nice gift
to give you know how I told you guys
that I absolutely are falling in love
with that g-wagen guys I'm not kidding
like for the past half an hour I've
literally been searching online to see
how much they are guys check it out BAM
this is one that I found pretty pricy
car exciting like but it's just it's
just such a boss car guys what I'm
trying to say by the way a quick
reminder to anybody that doesn't know
yet and I'm sure most of you do but I'm
actually doing a giveaway for this
PlayStation 4 it's a really cool carbon
fiber wrap PlayStation the only rule is
to be subscribed and to follow me on my
Instagram so yeah go in the description
if you want to see the rules guys super
simple I just want to clear up something
because a lot of people urbanovsky
killed
the hell happens a lot of pink so I
Queenie came upstairs our meeting room
basically she's still in the progress
guys check it out
I am as you can see the the waves are
good what the hell what the hell have
you done to the waves the waves look
like horses now are you kidding what did
you going on basically guys what I'm
trying to say is she's still working on
the paint hopefully this song will be
done very soon by the way I realized I
was picking my nose and they could see
me in the reflection I'm sorry
guys I'm sorry I just I didn't realize
that it don't don't rewind the clip you
probably haven't seen it screenshots
going all the other itching my notes I
actually want to show you guys one more
thing on today's blog so I was playing
with Kia bubbles and I found this laser
toy they have basically they just chase
the laser around you know as cats do but
this one actually has different shapes
so let me show you guys what it does
okay as you can see BAM
this one is actually a lion I'm not sure
if you guys can see that look at it it's
like the shape of the lion guys now that
is awesome eyes on the target
eyes on the target like I shouldn't say
one more thing with Wednesday's long
it's a little bit weird me telling you
this guy's but I've been getting a lot
of emails guys if you're in school and
you're supposed to be studying please
study and then watch my blogs I know
this sounds really weird to say I get so
many parents literally coming up to me
and say yo you're the reason my son
doesn't study and I'm like I don't know
both guys if you want to watch my blog
put it on the side play it and do your
studies the case all yeah I hope that
clear that up excuse me such a weird
thing to say secondly guys my friend
actually gave me a gift I'm not going to
tell you guys what it is yet but this is
it case so a lot of you should already
know what it is based on the shape of it
but yeah I'm going to do
special video with that soon so just
stay tuned as well guys I love you we'll
stay awesome this is the point in the
video right all you got to go subscribe
so go subscribe you can click right here
to subscribe click here to watch my last
video and yeah I'm pretty much begging
you guys at this point so just choose go
do it man just help your brother out hi
pizza Yolo Yolo bye
