oh look at this I like doors on this car
guys what is going on oh my goodness
what what what
I would kill me
yo yo what is that everybody welcome to
another vlog so today we're going to a
car event and I know you guys haven't
been to one in a long time with us so
today it's about to go down let's do
this I'm taking my car for the first
time to an event boys wait let's go boom
today the carbon is swinging rope
whipping Drizzt 14 all zeros today my
sister's going to take over on the
vlogging side and I'm going to take over
the driving side I'm doing this for the
sake of being of time you're not doing
this right now you're trying to scare me
so check it out boys we just made it
over to the carbon and there is a crazy
amount of cars literally stacked on top
of each other BAM
so we have a 911 a ton of other cars
right now so it's about to go down
anyways as you can see boys there's a
ton of cars over here the drive is about
to start in five minutes so we're
creating to go have a little briefing
and then we're good to go
look at that GTR so my brother is like
finding his life away right now you
should be putting my name there pseudo
I'm sitting this is no responsibility
for health safety well me I got you bro
by the way before we leave this is
actually the McLaren showroom and this
right here is like a 2 million euro car
yeah a fan oh yeah it does look can you
guys see that
whoa that is insane okay just don't
touch the car just don'tdon't touch the
car I think stage that's it then either
I'm not sure if this car is for sale or
sold but I want to buy that that color
looks so amazing what the cars are now
on as you can see boys I don't know
what's going on it's literally me and
that's how many cars are out here
you missed everything
Wow
Oh
hi
my time everything for some advice 1 1
Wow
oh did you see that Oh control control
so we just made it over to the parking
that they're parking up the cars insane
literally look at the sign up there look
at this I like doors on this car guys Oh
check it out they're cheap in the middle
of the road I think they're lost that is
so cool whoa what is going on oh my
goodness what what what oh my goodness
Mon I need to take a photo of the cars
later you got into my crowd of the ice
that was the weirdest way to introduce
Arash on today's vlog but hey like sheep
what all right we are the cheap boys
he's out here today as well as you can
see I'm directing a horror story that's
what guys any parking is crazy I don't
know what we're doing exactly pros you
take some bows I just lay out here
damn son look at what we have over here
oh that's like five or six GTRs back to
back plain bad boys bad boys what you
gonna do what you gonna do when they
come for you yeah you have to crash it
with the BMW now the GTR party going on
over here
you ruined the party bro this is how you
leave a car club boys
we are the classic we go to McLaren we
got it done oh my god
the exhaust on the side he came here
girl we are here today well about the
race to all these car bro you got the
most horsepower don't forget go go just
go bro
catch up catch up bro the boss's car
right here today jebra you only moved
like three meters I thought you're gonna
ski I know man what the hell bro i hyped
you up for nothing bro all my wings on
right now
oh it killed me
my face
we are literally the last car in the
parking we have to go boys everybody has
left we're screwed we're screwed okay
let's go oh my god if we get lost I'm
blaming Lana okay
I swear watch the video my hands like so
much shout-out to the homie with the
McLaren yo guys
please
all the cars are parking up it's super
loud into the parking I don't think this
garage has ever been like this I don't
think so so we just made it over to the
hotel we're eating at Wow Wow that is
insane
this hotel is so I think the restaurant
where any guys upstairs boys so let's go
and see what this place is all about
what is that I want to touch it I'm
gonna touch it don't touch it that
wasn't me my finger prints so we just
made it over to the restaurant we're
eating this place has an insane view
check this out oh it gets cooler guys
bang
oh wow this is a equal luxury yo this is
one insane hallway guys there is ice
cream ale hilberg this is not your wrist
or go we get the hell out of here nice
creamy look like I'm aligned upper
me hey discreet is this free like really
got myself a little drink boys we're
just relaxing over here no bubbles mine
is not your restaurant get the hell out
for now we're heading out west be
stopped actually really liked that idea
I know I like it that's also Sabra Mary
ah deal that was a pretty crazy day to
say the least
uh you taking over shoes whoo look at
that whoa okay we're guys the basement
guys echo
I think it's d1 I think it through us oh
my god looking like this you'll see oh
my god yeah
y-you told me to show them everything my
sisters telling me how to exit get out
my way I know how to drive
we're trying to teach me whoa all right
boys so we just made a hole off to the
insane event I'm super tired right now I
think we both are so let it relax for a
bit and don't forget I think I forgot to
announce today if you want to be into
hitting the laptop make sure to
subscribe them the your laptop giveaway
and all you need to do is be a
subscriber and you're in to win so yeah
anyways you know what boys I'm going to
say goodnight so if you hear I hope you
have enjoyed today's look if you have
please smash the like button I'll see
you guys tomorrow for another vlog and
as always
Yolo Yolo wait wait don't forget click
here to subscribe and click here to
watch my last video I officially vlog is
over Oh
