this is a message to whoever works in
Instagram we need your help
there's a hundred mo blows and on roads
account every day that catfish young men
and women around the bug helps stop the
cat vision yeah everyone what's up
welcome to another video so two weeks
ago we tried to make a new invention
okay kind of fails but we made it the
biggest cheese board and it's been in
the three ever since two weeks again so
time to take it out guys are you guys
ready to see this bang it kind of looks
like a Max's brain so today we're gonna
dissect it we're going to see what is
inside this frozen cheese ball oh my god
run to God okay
Oh fire versus the cheese cool guys I
don't know what's going to happen so
there's probably another good idea
sighs oh my god oh we're very good guys
this is the worst idea are you okay are
you okay let's not do this anymore
a few moments later oh oh are you ready
welcome to our cheese ball guys for
those haters that work on videos this is
for heads right now okay
today somebody left something really
interesting in front of my door they
left this you know the gaming places
that we go to in Dubai you use these
cards to play with so you load them with
money and you play with them with love
yes up how much money could be of this
card guys it could be zero it could be a
million it could be anything so I want
to go and check let's head out guys
let's see how much money we have on this
card so let's go all right we finally
made it over to the gaming section and
let's see how much money's on the card
now guys
oh god please no no yes ah Brittany
really you're gonna let me wonder about
their any shots any friends
unfortunately there was no money on the
game card but I mean it's all good it's
not it's not like I was expecting there
to be like a million dollars or anything
which I was right right now I came over
the electronic shop and they have the
biggest speakers I've ever seen like I
thought my speaker with big guys look at
this
banging on what the hell are you kidding
who would want that look at the size of
this video if you have this in your
house I'm sorry to say you're probably
crazy
it doesn't value guys it's like an
airplane like volume going up me oh my
god this is the hardcore party equipment
guys oh my god guys oh my god we're
watching 3d on the vlogger can you guys
see that one
oh my god a speaker system I would
actually buy those guys is this look at
it it looks so cool it's go like glowing
lights inside it lo it looks like a
microwave in case you guys are forgotten
in like two weeks it's my birthday guys
so insane you check it out you already
know I'm going to explode the whole
house guys but look at this we got a
bunch of 12 party poppers guys and I
expect all of the other squad if you
guys want to give me a gift go down
there click subscribe and we're good or
you can send me a million dollar check
in the mail soldiers they did my man
Mickey Mouse Dairy God look at look at
this
they've got obese Mickey over here Oh
Mickey Mouse's gained so much weight
he's like a volleyball
you know he's fat when they go and I'm a
discount I see all these guys you want
to get rid of me so bad fine I'm gonna
vanish it's actually getting really cold
in Dubai guys it's getting a bit frosty
ah ok no more jokes I swear yeah so we
finished up with our little shopping
that we had to do guys and look at the
decoration that they store at what look
you guys see that it's like a melted
chair it's just it's so weird and so
right now I shall talk to you guys about
something pretty weird that just
happened to me now you guys should all
know Instagram okay I have an Instagram
account you can go follow it right now
if you don't already mo underscore
underscore Instagram actually removed
one of my photos recently and I have no
idea why there was no nudity or like
nothing was against the guidelines like
it was a picture of me standing in front
of the Ferrari Enzo and I still have no
idea why I go rude like I don't know
there was no like no belly showing it
was nothing weird
in that photo this is what it said guys
just to show you so at Molag we have
removed a post or whatever this says
guys we have removed your post because
it doesn't follow our Community
Guidelines please read our Community
Guidelines what is that is the photo I
posted and they removed
honestly the only thing I think it could
be the ball with two sizes but I still
have no idea why that Bogor move guys
and this is what I want to talk to you
guys not now everybody always ask me you
know why are you know verified of
Instagram now the team if you guys know
me I never really go off your
verification like it's not my to-do list
but now I want it okay so after this
situation I feel like maybe if I was
verified I could have said yo yo listen
Instagram I want my photo back or
something so this is what I want you
guys can help me out okay I'm pretty
sure one of you guys can do it for me
okay so this is even shouted like yo
please can you just verify me man just
just help a brother out there just just
verify me I just please please do it
yeah okay thank you guys one more thing
I actually do want to say guys this is
in regards to the PlayStation 4 giveaway
now I've seen a lot of comments of
people saying your mole I don't have an
Instagram account does that mean I can't
enter for the giveaway now I've decided
to take out the Instagram from the
requirements so if you guys do want to
enter to win this PlayStation the only
rule is to be subscribed other thing is
if you do end up following me on
Instagram thank you but the only rule is
now just to be subscribed so that way
it's easier to pick from one list of
people if you know what I mean I said
verify my account Instagram there's
about $100 roses Oh ever I don't even
know which was a real honor
when legit Instagram were legit this is
a message to whoever works in Instagram
we need your help
there's a hundred mo loads and
launderers account everyday that catfish
young men and women around the blood
Instagram help stop the catfish aside we
need your help
we need it as soon as possible really i
precise by the way I've heard that if
you have verified and you DM somebody it
goes straight through so you could DM
like Drake and it goes not great good if
I get if I get verified you best buddy
that Breanna Selena Gomez I just say by
the way look at the side of my room guys
Jordan or what mo block storage
Department coming soon guys if you have
anything you want to store just send it
my way
we even have explosive bomb here wow you
just books with scary oh my god I'm on
it
oh my god just enjoy what they gave me
this I wha when today no this was like a
couple days ago
oh the bad now if you guys remember no
yeah why you look here you see they can
hear you became you know why this corner
is sweet what this is the corner hey
don't spit on the snowman deposed oh
yeah like this is what you like peace
out guys what am i back in school a nice
face right here man mom what is this
there's writing your poop emoji for days
we are here has anybody ever thought
about any ear fashion hmm and I feel
it's really cool guys by the way I know
that sounds really really cliche and
every youtuber does this guys but
honestly I just want to say a big thank
you to every single one of you you guys
support me every single day and with
this
close to three million subscribers just
it's crazy it's crazy like I'd never
think that we'd hit anywhere close to
this number so 2 9 1 4 so we're
literally like 80 cave away you guys are
the best that's what I'm trying to say
guy so I love you guys
oh yeah don't forget the slogan guys yah
yah no ah boom
