yo yo yo what is up everybody welcome to
another vlog stop if you see this my
grandma is in the back garden right now
and basically the reason she goes out of
the house she goes to talk on the phone
and I don't know why but she thinks is
she's indoors there won't be a good
signal all right guys let's start the
day so I'm not sure if I showed you this
the other day I bought this pan and
basically you cook an egg in there and
it comes out like a Apple shape so we're
going to do that right now we've
actually heated it up of no shorts you
can see the smoke whoa this is going to
be fun boys whoa this is the Sun look at
that as you can see Lana's come down to
see what's going on it's crazy it's
about to go down
uh-uh this did not turn out as planned
voice I don't know exactly what's
happening right now boys but how do we
cook it without flipping it like it just
doesn't work the first attempt didn't
really work boys BAM
that is the egg so it didn't really turn
out Apple shape so we're gonna try round
two whoa see how much we need look at
that so as you can see boys that is the
egg yeah let's see if this actually
cooks this time properly wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle it's been
about 15 minutes we're still trying to
cook the egg oh oh oh you know this
looks like the Apple logo girl we're not
sponsored by the right we're not monster
by Apple what the hell has she done to
this half an hour later we finally made
an egg boys
yeah let me take it girl is one last
thing you need to do to this a cowboy
there's one last thing yeah there you go
Lana made another one boys sniffing you
can't flip it oh oh oh she's a
professional that is such a fluke anyway
there you go boys that is the new gadget
in the house is it reliable
no is it useful probably not but it's
damn cool oh yeah by the way I should
want to show you one thing right now you
see the other day how you went out to
buy stuff for Ning my grandma finally
found the stuff and right now she's
actually knitting for me hello this is
actually going to be for me boys
basically you put soap inside here and
it's like a wash thing you know you kind
of scrub yourself with it so ya know
guys why is everybody in the living room
my debt you're on your phone this cat is
like dead literally dead with somebody's
business card in it and they give it
away so they cut down what are you doing
wake up so me and my mom just came over
to a shop that sells like organic food
and look at the fruits they have over
here check this out BAM they have like
the tiniest watermelons in the world
look at this an even cooler they
literally have tiny bananas - they're so
cool I've never seen three Worman and
spit on one scale that's how small they
are
that is so cool my mom wants to get some
organic seeds right now boys you can't
eat it without paying pretty yo
alright so we just made it over to the
stable area oh my goodness they have
some throw like war show going on do you
see that Dan that is cool yo look at
this it's actually going down can you
guys see that all the metal things are
going back into the war yo that is so
crazy right now that was cool that was
super cool boys do you see that wow you
can't see anything that's it it's all
gone that was super cool boy so it's
actually my first time in this area boys
and they have like a bunch of cool
places if you see this over here this is
a simulator area like damn that is so
cool hey yo my hands are up don't shoot
me bro so shoot me Brooke oh my god they
have over here boys what that's a racing
simulator as you can see boys this guy
just started the race so I want to show
you how it goes okay look at it it's
insane oh my god that is crazy like when
he turns the whole machine like moves
around I feel like he's a robo right now
hey check it out boys we just made at
home we bro are many more melons over
here whoo and it's time to see if an
awesome car can car war man in the game
I guessed a census of Tennessee sound
effects manatee sound effects but here
goes nothing bored so all the beautiful
it doesn't speak oh wow that is a nice
perfect carving lammott a very sarcastic
romney said you see you've done that it
looks cool oh yeah I'm not full of
terrible vomit are you seeing
you're wasting every like this hold
water my god now and this is going to be
the best thing you ever see already
what so right now I'm going to be doing
something that a lot of people have been
talking about recently the prizes
challenge is going around like ooo kiss
or dis basically you ever want to speak
to the people and you say if you want to
kiss them or you want to diss them and
before I do the challenge I thought I'd
see what it is because at the moment I
don't really know so my friend Adam saw
has a video up so I'm going to watch him
do it and then we're gonna do it okay
boys today we're doing a different kind
of video I don't know so I'm trying to
know what okay it's what is it called
tips or if this one okay or this don't
sleep calm down buddy good female
youtuber super drunk this part of wigs
oh we're gonna be real barn Wahab
probably Robbie a kiss but it's like a
kiss like not like kiss like this kid
okay not like kids wait like oh my gosh
Dan this one is highly requested a lot
it's the homey kind of homey the homies
Kristin well blonde sisters on a road
mom life is cool dumb with his
permission uh kiss oh yes yes
hello everybody
oh my god I was gonna say basically
Michael my section was blowing up like
every day
Yolo did you see what I said about your
sister
oh my god it doesn't look like I kind of
don't think what happened that I wasn't
this video and I could not stop laughing
boys i god I just want to say he said
respectfully okay you said it nicely but
you're slim on the other hand slim and I
say come back to the buyer slim
I got you bro ideas old ocean side boys
that was I know I'll let that one slide
for now okay I'll let that one slide
anyways let me know if you guys actually
want me to do this challenge because it
seems pretty fun but I don't know I
don't know if you guys want me to do
this challenge is all smash the like
button I just want to say the comments
on his video or like the funniest
comments you're ever gonna get
look at this 277 light mo hogs said he
will beat your ass at him I want man
where did I say that bro Adam could duck
out most teeth broke Adam could knock
your mouth he's messing with a juvie
gang what that has it yo people are
starting like imaginary fight cuz like I
feel like it's Chris Brown it's like
soldier 1 against his MO has bodyguards
but he don't show them in his blog see
he's smart is smart you know I called
packing with my group yeah anyways no
more reacting to drama boys no we can't
have drama in our lives next year or you
know my life is dropping this
Wednesday's video I'm like you go
big announcement boys I'm doing a
giveaway so basting is a giveaway update
this time I'm giving away this laptop
now you guys may remember I did a video
about this laptop it's one of those like
crazy laptops I can go BAM
a Bezier thankfully I'm in a position
that like a lot of companies give me
stuff like this laptop like this was
given to me and I realized you know what
you guys could do so much more with it
and if you put me in a position to be
able to get stuff like this an iPhone so
this year I want to just give a bunch of
giving back to you guys the only rule
for all my giveaways is going to be you
have to be subscribed to the channel
that's all I'd always have to go on like
like 20 of my videos or anything very
simple for you so if you want to win
this laptop just subscribe and you're it
that's it you can even write comment
down below
oh god you want to really you want to
win the left no it's for the subscribers
you can't have the laptop all right fine
my name is a laptop anyways good luck -
want to see I hope you do with so I'm
probably going to announce the giveaway
if this is like 2 or 3 weeks so make
sure to subscribe if you haven't already
you can click this letter to subscribe
click this button to watch my last video
and as always y'all in y'all
hi I'm just I'm dealt with the video
alright peace out
