already the first one is this okay just
keep yo yo what is that everybody
welcome to another video so the other
day we got this invitation in our post
office and apparently there's some sort
of race going on today at the old toad
Rome I'm not sure but we're gonna head
out there anyways to see if you can
catch anything cool so that further ado
let's head off and have an amazing day
let's go so check it out I just made it
over to the old code Rome and basically
you know the race I told you we're going
to it finished yesterday like right now
they're backing up if you can see they
have all the cars and I think they're
like shipping them back out but yeah
Lucas one of the race cars they have
over here down they look awesome Wow Wow
I really feel out of place because
everybody here is like working and
they're getting the stuff out of here
and I'm walking around vlogging myself
so I quickly came back with my mom
because I want to see what other cars
they have over here cuz they are insane
why I left because I was super shy look
at some of stuff they have over here oh
my God look at this after the race
they're literally just like battered up
like that's how much they go through
whoa look at the inside that is insane
yo by the way look at this Lamborghini
Huracan they have over here Sam
this is what a Lamborghini looks like
when it's been totally like taking a bar
anyways that gold Lamborghini was super
crazy I don't know if it's like taking
apart or destroyed or water I'm not
going to jump to conclusion
but that look oh ho I swear the way
they're packaging these cars up it's
like a packaging up toys look at this
boys
they're like Sela taping them and
everything that is so cool I think this
was in the race this is in the race no
we crashed it and through prejudices ah
so this was crash there yeah oh wow this
is insane look at that boys so I'm not
sure if you heard it we just asked the
first hood this was actually a crash
named Rohini but before they even did
the race like basically in the warm-ups
I think they hit it or something so
that's why it's taken apart if you see
all of those cargo boxes behind me those
are where the cars are going like
they're really put in cities like cargo
boxes and sent away
I guess maybe for the next race or
something oh yeah on the side that we
missed the actual race but it's all good
at least we got to see the behind the
scenes yo check that out they're putting
the re into the cargo box Wow damn son
look at that 1 2 3 position there you go
we made it to the race team Oleg London
did you see those cars flying on the
traction the Belson's Tobruk we went
through like yeah we're going to go to a
race we have tickets somebody Melda
tickets no yeah I don't even know what
to say
anyways the reason we're actually going
out is why should we go buy my grandma
you know the stuff you knit with like
the old school being used to do we're
going to buy her that and she's going to
make us something she's gonna make us
you know the things you put soap in and
you scrub yourself with she's gonna make
a pozzolan binding it so that shouldn't
be cool so we just made it over to the
store that sells the cotton strings boys
Sam as you can see is like a bunch of
different color ones we go red green
yellow pink everything we want but
apparently this is not even what my
grandma wants she wants a silk string I
don't know why apparently it's better or
something so yeah we're gonna have to
look around so any of these would do my
grandma's just picking what she wants
right now granny mo yo grandma yes
grandma what you want so instead of
getting the cotton strings we actually
ends up buying a bunch of cooking things
you know the things you see on Instagram
where
like cut things really easily and it's
so satisfying to watch we got a bunch of
those things so we got one for an apple
this one's kind of for everything then
we have like an egg Apple maker I know
that sounds weird it basically you put
your egg in there anyways right now I
quickly want to go home and try out the
new purchases I don't know why you know
when you see things on Instagram and you
really want to try them out that's how I
feel right now
so this one helps you go home I quickly
camera tried on this shirt I really love
the color but it's one of those training
t-shirts you know which are super tight
down here and they can show everything
you and that's the only bad for me I
want this color t-shirt if it doesn't
hold my little yeah every everything is
moving around and it should not be had
so I quickly tried over large and I
actually think I might get it now it
kind of fits me a little bit better you
see this is no bad I think we've got
something that's actually good for me
for once down and if you so nice it is
also three thin materials you know what
I mean
dear boy I avoid looking slaggy so I
ended up getting myself the t-shirt I
kind of spoil it myself for now we're
heading off home grandma touch that
touch that Oh
so since one of the things I bought was
an Apple car it would make sense if I
actually bought an apple so we are at
the supermarket right now trying to pick
a juicy Apple
oh my god look at these apples then it's
so fresh shopping for apples got a
little bit out of hand boys yeah we
literally just made it home and look oh
my sister's on boys she's put her videos
in front of my grandma and she's forcing
her to watch it I was showing grinding
on my new intro have you guys seen my
news okay we're going to put Lana's new
intro right now yo my sister is hit the
end of the straw now I don't know how
she edits her videos but it's just
disgusting now oh wow advertisement
money click on it click on the system
yeah one second oh god please no no wow
no I just saw some things that woman
some things that vlogs subscribe like
share comment like what the hell singer
Lana Rose hamster love love and
cameraman mommy mo are you kidding me
woman Oh camera woman thanks for
watching don't watch it oh watch on any
baby mama don't be serene know what so
now that we're home boys we're gonna do
a couple of things the cake number one
thing it would run a head up or some
apples as you can see your boy bowlers
can see what is the gap you can do this
oh oh I can do that why not
oh I can do that you just destroyed
every art I'm about to use this Apple
product
yeah that does that this is about to be
the coolest thing you've ever seen them
hi this is a working plan Oh
try taking it down son oh my goodness
you look at that I pull it
Brock put it make it look cooler yeah
then I watch the Apple more you dropped
it on the floor so cool
imagine having guests Alicia easy and
mommy would do this on manually if it
were like an hour right check out the
technology we've got nowadays have told
you more it took one second to do this
that is insane make it does earn is
money time is money don't play around
now we're going to show you the second
thing which we bought a bang all right
my old eyes this is an egg cutter yeah
wait them a go go on it that means you
need to cook an egg gray that's what
we're doing right now come come into the
mold onto the board all right oh you
even have it already set up my soldier
coming to the mold love language Hoffman
I didn't ever see it mama
dude guy that's a knife you're gonna hit
your head Oh word I've got this is all
it is that can I touch it
this is short you can't let some caustic
and then you do this you possess right
MA wait mom would you teach my mommy
there's are too much murder Mouse
murderer for about mom no how could you
know this is not about your animal abuse
yeah must get connected with that mattre
how quick you get a man bubble oh my god
hey so this is what were you boys you're
anything stop this isn't money for just
adults only more dude bang oh are you
ready okay are you are you sure you're
ready I check this out on three two one
whoo you can't sing are you ready oh wow
okay I mean toys are relatively cool but
no but look this makes it that you know
you mean to the heart your brain you
guys have seen people he ought knife
with a torch Bobby I received a boiled
mind I don't think it's as extreme as
the flame does anything look at that
look at you shouldn't you got you got
flaming hot touch it I dare no forgot
you a thousand degrees yeah I bet you
can't do that so as you can see we now
have 200 oh yeah two hard-boiled eggs
before I even use it I'm going to show
you to life please please before
anything obviously two really cool ways
of peeling a hard-boiled egg okay
before you continue I'm a genius at
peeling
you know I know a way I know is it no
but I no way I'm missing
I ready so first one is this okay just
keep yes look at me I know are you know
I cry twice before you do anything and
I'll tell you to write good not you just
peeled off half of the egg and I'm just
wondering what's going to happen next
okay a lot are you guys you ready to see
the second way okay are you ready how'd
you do that yes half filled up what are
you doing check it out there you know
what listen I had such an easy thing
about a good look at that
yeah but you have to eat pilaf both OH
okay I promise you the first one is so
much better than the first one is so
physical oh my goooood nothing so don't
try it don't try it
just wash it like that and all it and
guess what they're just gonna come out
look whoa you see that right three two
one whoa are you ready are you ready to
see this huh hard-boiled egg like this
look low let's go all the way guys know
let's go oh god no I'm gonna wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed make sure to hit subscribe if
you haven't already there's a button
right here I'm a lost video here but if
you don't know how to just go down and
subscribe okay it's same thing I love
you a little lullaby
