Jerry Oh what is that welcome to another
one today we're starting off at my new
house first of all that's my cheetah
guys her name's Stephanie you close
definitely uncle Anthony breaking it
down once you start getting used to the
kids like it's right up oh good morning
alone but today is going to be an
awesome awesome day as you can see I'm
signing out a day my boy our skate today
we're going to be recording a music
video so basically we're going to go
around to a bunch of awesome places I
just recorded a music video so let's go
and have an awesome day do it both
mutter running another RM it's something
change about let you know you know that
guys this is what we dream of that is a
little retrieval spell first part is
we're going to the lion and he told me
the Lions going to but guys he hasn't
played with the baby lion for a long
time and I told him lost time I went it
put holes in my pants missing bite marks
all right all right all right check it
out boys we just made it over to the
farm
done are you ready to get bit in the ass
the thing is this is our skis first time
over here I didn't know that I throw a
game but this is literally my first time
I love these like like Chinese I know
this is excels than the old way is
insane exactly chains about a pompous yo
I our skater sitting next to the Chia
down you got a Stephanie I got a honey
Oh July I'm backing out of here I'm
liking you watch me I'm going I'm not
sure if you can see that foam was but
that was about to eat his hand by Bible
I don't know why I just get scared
whenever I woke up to the cheer just
like a can tag route that you so you
don't know if you should trust it I mean
I'm good oh Jesus damn I literally
Jonathan behind-the-scenes music video
starts now let's go
when I wake up gotta make about the
greens every County you know it's really
cool while he's doing the music video
that she is just looking at him hey hey
I'm your friend I'm your friend
we aren't you boys oh yeah I got that I
got that God plays place not a
five-minute lead boy you messed up again
you messed up again rummy well you can't
press the play button let me pull that
you messed up again bro
come on just press play so the cool
thing about recording the music video
over here is the our boys house look
they've got like a whole desert behind
our house so we can record some really
nice shot - like the palm trees and
stuff this is where we live the land of
the sand the land understand yo are
these cheetah paw prints I don't know
you have in mind no such a bird like a
plumbing that's like a pelican my felt
like a flower the pelican have so many
pool products don't think of a pelican I
wish Sherlock Holmes the pump like whom
what is it keeps going it keeps going
oh okay I see cows over there yeah look
at this so we just made it over to the
cow farm hello hi how are you guys
they are actually complete over up buddy
yeah God we got some food for you no we
don't we have nothing here and John
again so curious from account don't
don't worry we got you I want to go in
their bags that's a sheep run I know I
know
the squat is lit today boys the squat is
lit a hundred deep today
that's what's up hey yo come here I dare
you I dare you yeah 1v1 me bro what do
you want me bro so I clearly went and
changed into my jumper cuz if you don't
know your boys going to be in the music
video too so I need you to look a little
bit swaggy
eight and that's the money shot right
there yo so there she had something new
in the farm so you guys should remember
that they have this go over here okay I
calm down buddy
now the horse is not here and they've
got carols instead what and they're
friends of the go that is so crazy that
is what you cool it boys we out here
today
lost homology they had a horse over here
but I think they changed it around look
at the goat the goat is still here
hey hey those teeth though those teeth
though Oh what I don't know is that I'm
out peace out I don't even know what's
going on in this music video anymore
boys look at where they're recording god
damn we in a cave get ready it's about
to be a robbery oh boy behind the big
music video your boys made it we made it
we made it it looks like it bro looks
like you take it over we got the twins
coming in now they're going to be
superstars as well look at our stage
directing gravity grab your lip lock wow
I thought I saw our skate was loyal to
me brother
look at this you ain't loyal bro you
ain't loyal he ditched me bro he ditched
me first they asked me how are you say
that you're fine they are not really
funny you can't get into a new play with
that Roger I think my section in the
music video is dumb boys they kicked me
out to have some girls now so I'm out
I'm out man it's ready to potty guys
honor to the body what oh hi Molly oh
jeez oh my goodness about this
and I don't know why we thought this was
a good idea we have the cheats are back
again and I'm gonna hold the leash good
idea there's nothing behind me right now
there's nothing behind me I'm with
Stephanie right now boys today on MTV
Cribs I'm about to show you my house and
that much here oh yeah oh you called a
Stephanie
I gotta happen Hey
breaking it down once you start getting
used to the cheers like it's right now
oh right when Molag said that seems like
we get it though my heart is being
fostered in a racecar right now honestly
baby
easy peasy bro but she does walking you
and she I was watching me right there
I'm not gonna lie this music video
actually looks like it's gonna turn out
crazy boys right in we go
that's a wrap and it's a wrap boys we
just did it everything then get on and
rest if you guys see me in a music video
now you know why now you know why
anyways for now we're heading out our
boys farm we literally came here to
record older this on you demands a shout
out to our voice short on for letting us
record over here Romney is actually
wearing my all-time favorite watch he's
wearing a rose gold AP check this out oh
that is clean he had to come a suit and
boo it for the shoot you know so for now
we're gonna head out of your boys we got
all the shots for the music video
damn that is been inventive lens by the
way look I've got the whole camera
system hey ya know what I'm about to
record with this tomorrow something even
crazier going down boy so stay tuned
we got a lot more out today than we
thought we were by the way this is the
house area we were just in the backyard
the whole time this is the crib
dunt dunt dunt time people money that's
where all the cash is Oh Martin full of
money
oh by the way you remember my easy to
our escape Lord
check it out he still has them boys then
I'm looking cleaning it
let's check this up
me and RC just made it over to the moon
and my shoes are still full of sand off
of that music video she check this out
boys
whoa do you see that oh my god I brought
the whole desert back with me let's play
this are you kidding me b & b whoo do
that you see that and B so we just met
up with the boys what's up what's up we
out here right now we're actually gonna
eat right now and we came over and cuz I
want to milkshake that's all I want they
want to eat back I'm about my diet so i
canti right now so I can only have a
milkshake to die baby diet so the
milkshake just made it here and check it
out guys fam as you can see this thing
is massive
I got your flag encode the flag you've
got that purple Lina I don't even know
what that stuff is so since we've been
out the whole day recording for now I'm
heading off home I really need to go to
the toilet badly boys but before I go
home I thought I show you this Ferrari
let me tell you something a red interior
on the Ferrari is the vent like honestly
the best look at it wow you're ready to
go pull right off of them
no I need to go to the toilet real bad
please let's go bro let's go
he's waiting he I don't know what he's
in let's go man I need to go to the
toilet hey alright so I just made a
homeboys the thing is I need to go to
the toilet right now my mom and sister
are all going to get food so
Lana's taking over the bloggers
let's go dear we all of us we yo-yo
squadra get out of here and Yolo Yolo
no yo yo yo yo yo and Lana's could
become video is gonna be shopping at
mood desk elite guys I don't know on
even the toilet I'm sorry and I cannot
take it my about to go and eat I don't
need to know I'm into the bra politics -
door closes ah okay guys I want to show
you granny Mose
she's like falling asleep in the car
oh my god anyone oh my gosh you saw me
recording her guys I came to buy donuts
so no it's a donut mommy it's a cookie
oh my good
yo yo yo we made it what am i food at
know where my food at I want some food
yo ganas and you guys out for no reason
I want my food I want to have some real
talk with you guys for like two minutes
now basically you guys know this year I
really really want to focus on doing
things outside of YouTube and one of
them is clothing so I actually want a
bit of your help and I know this stuff
is so stupid well no if you're gonna do
it yourself why'd you need our help
basically I really want to get some of
your ideas when it comes to a logo
because at the end of the day whatever I
want to design I want you guys to like
so at the moment the idea I have in my
head is kind of like having like a bird
logo with mV in there you know what I
mean so let me explain it to you guys at
the moment like I found like a very
simple logo for a bird and I was
thinking you see how you can see these
lines to like make a line here the line
here so it's like em and at the bottom
have like a V I don't know these are
just ideas going through my head I have
a bunch ideas but I want you guys if any
of you are like professional graphic
artists or whatever they call it please
send me in designs to my email okay
which is right here
roblox business and also guys make sure
to follow me on instagram bam mo
underscore vlogs underscore and if
there's any cool logos you make there
tag me in them because I really want to
choose the logo this year that's the
first thing I want to do because I don't
know the MV is cool but I want a logo
that anybody can wear you know what I
mean like MV I feel like if you don't
know me like what is an MV to anybody
else you know just mV
for now I'm going to wrap up today's
look here I hope you have enjoyed just
stay tuned a lot of crazy stuff going
down
the board for this music video so it's
going to be amazing so I'll do two more
I love you make sure to subscribe over
here watch my last video over here and
I'll see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo we out
