yeah yeah what is up welcome to another
vlog so today you might be wondering why
the hell I have my GoPro on my head
we're about to go running boys before we
head out of here my sister's bought
something really cool our cat has ruined
our wool it looks like a demon has been
here putting handprints on the wall
anyways as I said why she's going
running right now so I'm gonna join you
guys from up here let's go whoa
look it's green like the grass it's
actually been a really really long time
since I've done any running voice oh
it's good to be back boys the weather is
amazing today it's just ah it's perfect
oh is radical dude it's radical dude we
skaters out here today oh my god
us exercising kind of went downhill as
soon as we bought this voice oh my god
reduce speed hey you're going too fast
retard alert retard alert Danny doesn't
work
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
she's gaining speed we have a news four
in town oh just remember all you have to
do is believe in yourself you can do
this again yeah let's do it on your mark
grannie all you want okay I am you I'm
looking you something recording mod what
are you doing no we just thought I was
going to run nice drawing that go on run
run run run Danny mom are you fine oh my
god losing on releasing hey that's where
the paw prints come from you know what
that was actually a really really good
way to start the day boys I haven't
exercised in a while as I said so it was
good to get the blood pumping come on
it's a kicker why so I created already
right now I'm actually heading out to go
see my boys ration interaction or I
should I should and fatty and I haven't
seen never like a week so we're gonna
just go chill out have some fun but
hopefully he hasn't watched my vlog I
want to make him taste black water okay
it tastes like war but I want to see if
he thinks it tastes like Pepsi or
something maybe I'll have like a little
mind game on him so let's go and see
what they're up to
look what I see
the easy car though this thing is so
easy to spot from like a mile away man
like you don't say easy car anywhere
else
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo no closer check
your eyes made it over to the boys BAM
you got Rockhead aka the billionaire aka
now 15 years old and now we have fatty
over here aka is about now that we're
here boys as you guys missed in a rush
this video he's wearing a very special
watch right now
BAM Oh Oh what do we have over there mr.
uncle Rollie pollie we've got a Rolex in
town damn he got that for his birthday
boys yo mah birthday I got pajamas but
it's all fair guys it's all fair as you
can see it sort of blackface the goldens
no water
I have something I want wash it to try
again you have to drink it okay and you
have to tell me what flavour is okay
Nike fastest-rising
I am
I can try don't walk
- you think it's right fatty fatty try
it daddy what you think it doesn't taste
like anything whenever I come out with
Washington fatty specially fatty you
know we have to have from desert
somewhere sold BAM check it out we're
here at the chocolate bar daddy's having
a chocolate shot that's like pure
chocolate guys it's literally a
chocolate drink if you can see it should
we do a Rolex versus chocolate and this
is any visual so I think it's waterproof
yo look at this I don't even believe
what Russia just told me guys
he wants to start collecting watches now
so addicted he got a Rolex and now he
wants to saw a whole Rolex collection
he's at the Rolex tour right now alright
let's go in peace I'll see you on the
other side okay we just finished inside
the Rolex store guys it is so awkward in
there I can't vlog by the way check out
this store this wants the coolest
clothing shops because of this one thing
they have over here damn look at this
they have a whole skull of like diamonds
boys whoa the TVs
however only you can afford that only
you can propose that's right I said I
should gives the most extensive ideas I
you know where should you buy cheesy and
fill it with diamonds yeah but check it
out I just came out to the gaming
section and I'm now done - you're sorry
we're actually leaving the MOOC is they
got really really crazy as you saw boys
there's still a bunch of people coming
behind us oh no my guys I see thank you
thank you oh my oh my god yo
I've never had that happen to me before
so right now we're actually going over
to the birch bolete but we're going to
try and go to a basketball court boys
and I just I hope they have lucky that's
a moment I don't want to go into another
shopping mall yeah so we're just back at
my boy Patty's house and I've realized
I've actually never shown you this face
property and it looks amazing so let's
do a little fatty house tour let's start
off this house tour by checking out the
couches over here because they look
really really fancy boys like super
fancy check them out BAM as you can see
was like a little golden touch but what
I really want to show you like fatty has
a lot of unique stuff you know sign
things he has a signed football again I
don't know anything about football but
BAM as you can see that is assigned
North Texas football and a helmet BAM
alright so this helmet is actually fatty
summer they used to play with boys
oh wow who does this whole team is this
time I'm feeling super bowl super bowl
no way that's the Super Bowl bowl and
it's signed
you already know boys the plugs the
plugs the second place I want to show
you is my boy sneaker collection last
time you saw it but this time it's
literally doubled like honestly guys
check this out
damn what are those then the barrel
these are when Jordan went heat when he
left the NBA he went there decided to
come back when he came back you were to
number 45 ah the colors of baseball
teams won yay
a Space Jam group we all have the space
ah no more no more secret or decided I
said because you guys know sigan lives
in the same building daddy saw him going
to the gym so I want to go see if we can
catch him off guard yeah no they run
anyways I'm not sure if you guys know
sigan is on this like fitness regimen
thing at the moment he's working out
everyday as you can see this is the only
reason he bought the Bugatti again my
man's gonna do push-ups with raw shit on
his back let's get it go go go so we're
about to play a game of force right now
basically the rules are somebody picks a
spot to shoot if you make that shot
everybody else shoots from the same spot
and whoever misses gets the first layer
of force the KH the first person to spit
out the full word horse loses the case
oh god mr. to get paid Oh
oye I'm gonna hate right now as I miss
if he misses he's gonna hate you with me
as well come on Raja join me Oh
take the old take the oh oh
rockers on ho hey oh oh if he misses it
he's on how is the home down hey Joe hor
I'm on H I'm just on a choice hunting
skills
bloody skinning of raschi's about to get
the S come on hor s Oh
Hazen's oh ah oh my god oh my god backed
of that backboard city alright we update
the backboard famous him it has to hit
the fact to have to hit the backboard oh
hey Joe oh no this sucks man this sucks
so bad
I raschi's your first elimination shot
ah and there you go boys he's out what
are you on right now I have a CH oh
really yeah
saves me yeah you're gonna have hor oh
clutch no Lisa Lauren town girl this
boy's mother
Wow ready yeah right there
is he gonna add back oh hey Joe RS I'm
skating on thin ice Jose I'm finishing
and this is the shot this is the shot if
he doesn't hit this he's out ah
how are you so lucky you are holding in
there oh I can he do this oh that was
the best game ever bro for now I'm done
a basket boys I'm gonna head off home so
let's go and yeah that was the best game
I played ever a basketball like that was
crazy I never hit that many shots oh
look at that oh my god
that's like a centerpiece they have in
the parking you see that yeah okay so I
just made it over to my sister game boys
and she actually realized something
about the roof
if you look over there that is actually
a staircase that goes to the light so
you actually go from that staircase
poised to change the lights up there
that is really cool by the way check out
why just now I met the homies what's up
what's up they were actually waiting for
me by the car so you have some shout-out
to your friends yeah hi some
don't forget them Dover go so finally
there's actually something on my car
voice so let's go see what it is my
sister knows I don't know I cannot see
something Mike I mean your car oh my god
you took my car and I mama driving your
car so much so then I thought let me not
touch it let me see it
oh I know right I was like oh oh my god
what I know I'm a bit affected somewhat
are you kidding me
we got a tender no and we got a bunch of
coins oh my god what is he and they gave
me gaming ticket I can show you the
world so you could stop by the Apple
Store because I need to get myself a
charger for my phone you know charger
cases but they have like a really cool
thing at the back it's like a cinema
screen boys down as you can see there's
a wild low blood flying over there I'm
going to show you it oh my God he's
flying yeah what is that it stops going
on you wah-ah giving yourself like cool
no baby don't don't don't smack it smack
that all on the floor like that oh oh my
sister never knew that you could do this
boys if you swipe the table
it comes out did you not know that magic
does not that one I want one of those in
like a but we got the yellow foot out
here yeah
yeah they have some nice nice cars in
the valet today boys oh oh look at that
granny Moe and Lana okay granny load our
water yo my sister just crashed my car
into the business wow you just crashed
my car what it's not the first time
oh I'll be glad to report what the hell
so as always boys I'm gonna wrap up
today's buggy I hope you have enjoyed a
lot headache
where I call my shuttle hardtack what
the hell is wrong with your face my shit
where I got so scared about my makeup
videos and you told me do something
creative I'm definitely I swear for a
second my heart dropped like I saw a
clown detect me or something I thought
something came down said holy crap now I
got pinned it is so fired by crazy
anyways anyways as always I love you all
I'll catch you guys some more if you
haven't already make sure to subscribe
by clicking this button over here I
watch my last video by clicking this
okay
it should be over here if not you guys
should not do it just go down and
subscribe ah I love you lost your yellow
low bye
boom
