yo yo yo what is up everybody welcome to
another vlog so I just woke up and the
first thing I realized is we just did
500 million views on the channel that is
insane like I'm not sure if you realize
that is a huge number that's more than
the population of America we are
literally the third biggest country in
the world
first is China then it's India then it's
your land yeah anyways right now I'm
actually heading out to go see one of my
friends but the fried rice actually what
I have in my hand BAM black water I
haven't even tasted it until now one
more thing I want to show you guys the
front head I'm sure know if you know
this but inside Ferrari there's a fire
extinguisher but I've never taken out to
show you so check it out I'm gonna do it
right now you see here it's actually
strapped in boy so all you do is BAM you
flick it up and you put it out you see
nice unstraps itself so BAM here is the
fire extinguisher so I actually don't
even know how to use this thing in case
of emergency so I really need to learn
but I'm pretty sure all you do is you
like push this down right I so Canova in
case of the fire I'm good I'm good boys
so the first place I should stop by
today is over at the car sure I know you
guys like mo that cat is again lizzi's
you guys know why back I was telling you
that I want to change my Mustang maybe
for a Gy Kinsolving you know what let me
go take a look at some view Agins so if
you can see there's one over here and
then there's a beast over here this is
actually of BRABUS guys this car it is
more intensive than my Ferrari so for
now we're gonna stick to normal G Wagen
boys I actually got the key over here so
let's go do you hear that boys this is
this
it all looks like a tank anyways we're
hearing you're inside this car I want to
check it out maybe maybe maybe guys but
I BAM as you can see this is what the
inside of the G Wagon is so the thing is
the only problem I've heard about this
car is apparently it's not really
comfortable it's more like a car to show
your staff you know like look at me I'm
a boss but honestly I love it that's
what I love about it oh my god I feel so
high up right now boys anyways the real
reason I came was just to kind of feel
out the car boys it is a nice car me
it's not really that uncomfortable
apparently what you're driving is not
the best but it does look boss anyways I
want you guys to tell me should I G
Wagen be my next call I mean I could see
myself that was not me boys that was not
me somebody opened the door to the car
without the keys oh I was so I gave me a
real shock anyways was I'm quickly
heading up home right now I just
finished up at the sharp looking around
so once I get home I just got a couple
of things to do and we're heading
straight back out whoa I promise you
that once I go home that I do a little
taste test of the black War I promise
you I've never tasted a okay like until
now so this is going to be my official
first ever taste and it kind of looks
like it's going to taste like medicine
but let's see okay I've done it doesn't
smell like anything my credit behind the
camera no nothing right I feel nervous
drinking black water this does not look
healthy
all three three two one
it tastes like water
actually I wanna do what this is so
weird
your money please taste it please yes it
is I see so is it honestly just tastes
like water life is so strange but I
can't believe it Edward but now I'm
gonna head out so let's go and continue
the rest of the day so I clearly came
over to the supermarket but look at what
type of biscuits they have voice I never
even knew these existed so you know how
you have your normal Oreos and then
they've got a heads or tails one 1/2 is
white one off is black what is this is
it like the racism test flip the coin if
it comes on black you're racist anyways
the reason I came I actually want to buy
a steak and I want to cook a steak
myself now I'll tell you why because
basically there's been like this video
going around there's this guy called
nuts right he's like a Turkish chef or
something and this guy is a professional
steak maker okay
and these videos are going viral
and as you just saw the videos I just
showed you is going viral
this guy's littering is chopping up a
steak lovely you know what I'm going to
teach you how I cook my steak okay so
BAM want to take you stakeout tomlinson
watching it that is what you call a
tender safe as you can see below oh god
oh my god oh my god
your wife is this is going crazy bro oh
my goodness guys oh oh my god oh it's
raining oil would have been the same
right I bet you clap you did there you
go that is my steak boys taste - it
actually tastes alright so I'm proud of
myself
I'm a really nice - she's really nice
for my standards all right anyway right
now we're heading out to go over to the
global village like every year that my
grandma comes it's kind of like a
routine to go there and yeah we're gonna
go buy her some things buy some cool
things anyways before we go I want to
make my grandma taste the black war she
doesn't know what it is so I'm just
gonna pretend like it's coke okay
grandma try this drink you actually
drink it I think you do not drink it
it's good Cola there you go drink it
grandma
look you see Pepsi here she goes boys
come on you got this girl ah you got
this you're lying
it's war she's mentally thinking it's
bad you're a liar
Wow
Wow days like that it doesn't have any
taste to it he's such a liar right okay
no no my so check it out boys we
just made it over to the global village
as you can see and look what they have
over here they actually have like a
train thing going on
damn oh wait there's another train oh my
god train section yeah that is crazy
that is so awesome yeah look at the
lights Charlie I'm going all right now
tonight so check it I crazy when I go
the tickets voice bye what sizzler three
raffle tickets to win a car so we can
actually win something so something
really really cool they have over here
they have a carpet which is not fully
bid bait so you can see in the process
guys check this out as you can see half
its been made and I guess the rest of it
is made like this I don't know exactly
how but that looks awesome oh my God
look at it
check out the entrance to America boys
the fam as you can see it's a cowboy
with his legs open damn son howdy
partner yo check this out boys actually
cutting this right here you know what's
really really weird the area that we're
in at the moment is America but they
have pyramids in here like what I didn't
know that there was pyramids in America
guys tell me if I'm mistaken for
something else but in my eyes these look
like pyramids
whoa
yeah providing the wildlife schemata so
that's actually fried ice cream right
there boys I'm not sure if you knew that
but that is really cool they actually
have a really weird
no those are you so crazy performers
that over that and not expect Irish
starting to come out
whoa so we just made it over to the
Thailand section that we're here and
look at how beautiful this place is
oh my god are you know what I'm going to
go inside and check it out cuz this
place is gorgeous you can actually enter
this place that they have boys won this
is so cool
oh my god I look over there they
actually have like a little bridge and
stuff let's go move it move it move it
whoa Thailand
dunt dunt done by the way that is one
right I really really want to try out
but I'm not going on there alone so
maybe one day oh my sister comes we're
going that ride
oh that shows live boys smoke Oh uh-oh
somebody's in the middle good it just
looks so cool what are you getting so so
for now we're heading home boys you're
gonna say goodbye to the global village
I just love this like entrance that they
have over here where they have like the
big bed at the Burj Kalifa it's just so
cool before we head out of here my mom
is actually filling out the Raffles
because as I mentioned we could actually
win a car boys so as you can see she's
quickly filling them all out so who
knows if we win a car we entered the
raffle so check it out boys this is the
raffle that's going on so here are my
entries BAM I just entered the raffle
one as you can see there's a ton of them
in there this is the car that we
actually might be winning a game I
entered for this so if you see me have
one of these in the next like months now
you know how okay I don't know what I've
been told don't high-five Oh Oh son like
this hey yo it's radical dude eh yo it's
radical hey yo hey yo so as I pointed
out at home and say goodbye to all of
you here I love you all by the way if
you haven't already make sure to
subscribe by clicking this button or
watch my last video by clicking here hi
I love you lost you tomorrow yo yo
