good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog good
morning good morning good morning so
today is a very very exciting day
because finally your boy is going to the
dentist do I use a brush right now me
and the family are actually heading over
to go get our teeth sorted out I feel
like this has been a long awaited thing
but before we go to the dentist I
actually have a little surprise for you
guys because today there's a special car
in the garage oh yeah guys it's a G
Wagon okay so in case you guys are
wondering note this is not our car
unfortunately guys but basically this is
gonna be with us until my mom's
rolls-royce comes out of detailing okay
which should be today or tomorrow my
favorite play 786 if you guys don't know
what that means what the hell are you
doing guys Lauro 786 on instagram don't
follow that's my sister's account yeah
guys we're about to go let's have some
fun but first thing shot turn on the
card yeah here you go this car this is
this is not a normal G Wagon this is a G
800 I don't know what the hell that
means but it sounded like it long here's
the thing with G wagons these cars were
actually made to be like army vehicles
so listen to it
it feels like a gunshot like no like
you're when you're loading a gun first
things first - interior oh my god oh my
god listen to this already
nice listen to this that's loud
bro that's loud oh my god don't do that
bro okay that was way too loud I just
felt like you someone shot me or
something okay we're gonna head out
right now let's go and I'll see you at
the dentist
oh boy know when you're in the supercar
next to achieve I get it you realize how
big that car actually is like damn
anyways as I said I'm super super
excited she goes to the dentist right
now I know that sounds weird but it's
time to go get our teeth whitened guys
we're all going gonna be like a family
teeth whitening session I don't even
know we're all gonna do different things
but it's gonna be good
I'm pretty sure that gi-give is louder
than my Ferrari like Dino oh okay so
right now we just made it over to the
dentist guys now the thing is what I
didn't tell you the dentist we've come
over to is actually like a celebrity
dentist okay basically he works on like
all the celebrities or the biggest
people it's dr. Apple here in Dubai so
right now your boy I'm gonna get like a
Hollywood smile to be honest I feel like
my teeth are getting slowly better
naturally I'm is that a thing I don't
know but let's go inside and see what's
up alright guys so check it out we are
here inside the clinic and these are the
guys are gonna make that doctor Apple
right now your boy is gonna get in the
seat I don't know what's about to happen
but I'm gonna come out with like a nice
your smile somehow so let's get started
let's do this all right there he goes
you gotta pick a movie yeah make a movie
yeah yeah oh my god oh it's insane we
have some special glasses for you guys I
just realized water getting your teeth
sorted out they have a TV up there you
can watch a movie upside down
you don't normally Holly I'd like the
dentist crosses these are like it
designer like cartoon oh yeah check it
out very good yeah I'm excited about the
movie a movie while yeah it's all about
distraction
this is so cool like I have a TV right
above me review oh my goodness you guys
realize how blessed whoa a few moments
later you know they don't know that I'm
saying
a few moments later we are done hey guys
apparently my teeth were that bad right
there okay guys check out my teeth yo ok
so right now I came to check up on Lana
guys bro what is that in your mouth
ok so here's the thing right now I'm
done with my cleaning session guys but I
actually want to take you upstairs in
this clinic because it is actually super
super cool now the thing is over here
they are like the only dentists where
they have their own laboratory here guys
check this out whoa
so if you guys can see they actually
like make like teeth here I know that
sounds crazy you know like I forgot the
name of it you know when they have like
crowns on your teeth and like all that
type of stuff they make all of it
in-house and it's super dope like one ok
our voice so we are officially done with
our teeth check it out a your rock shirt
he's got better teeth now huh raw shit
who's got better teeth now oh wait what
did you do I do not clean just clean
this oh here's the thing now that we're
done over here the dentist it is about
to get super exciting on the vlog
because my mom's car is finally ready
yeah
so basically we gave my mom's car to get
detailed but not only did it get
detailed but they actually customized it
they made some parts black no way yeah
and the ribs have changed is it a
nursing gangsta so right now we are here
guys and it is time to pick up mummy
Moe's car we haven't seen it yet I just
know that there's a couple of things
done to the car so are you guys ready
there is like they made some parts black
and the rims have changed
I don't know exactly okay don't take my
word for it okay so it's time to close
your eyes and guys come down and the
girl the front this looks really nice
dude it looks crazy so as you can see
this is the car or detail duck now apart
from detailing it a lot has been done to
the car so I'm gonna let the
professional tell you what happened BAM
so once the car came in we did a full
decontamination wash the car
decontaminated and decontaminated the
hair sound like a disease inside we've
done a full interior detail and an
interior protection so we protected all
the leather and the fabric so any water
and dust oh gosh he's like he spills his
drinks a lot guys so now inside the car
back oh I love it has plastic inside it
makes brand-new as it was for the
brand-new car today I'm not sure if you
guys heard exactly what they did to it
they decontaminated the car which sounds
pretty serious guys I feel like this car
had a disease before and basically the
inside all the leather is now waterproof
so if you spill water in my car
we Gucci because like nothing's gonna
happen guys so yeah anyway the dabba
wrench oh my god yeah remove it guys
Lana is stripping the Rolls Royce right
now whoa guys look look at it this feels
so satisfying it's go this feels so
satisfying unboxing a Rolls Royce
amazing job okay so here's the thing
before we hit out of you you guys stole
my mum's rolls-royce but check out the
cars they have over here
this is only Sadie's 6x6 it was like a
damn monster truck on steroids right
yeah that's crazy like I told you last
time we're gonna have a bugatti chiron
this time they have a 6x6
they have an SLS over here I mean our
car is probably the cheapest they worked
on for now we're hitting off you guys we
have a ton of things to do so we've just
got a rolls-royce today and it's all
right let's go basically now that we're
back home guys I actually need to go
return this car because we actually
borrowed this from my friend until my
mum's car got back but since I do have
it I want to take you guys for a little
detailed tour ok so first things first
we showed you the paint number in the
morning just to let you know this plate
number is like $300,000 it's actually
more expensive I a300 like $20,000 my
Instagram must be worth the lot I know
your instagrams are not obviously in
Dubai you guys know that like plate
numbers are worth a lot and it's
specific the number 786 has like a
meaning guys so like it's worth even
more so as I told you guys G wagons were
initially designed for like army you sky
so these cars are super like rusty like
you know heavy metal guys so check out
the interior of this one Wow
oh my god
I told you this car is loud one thing I
really love about the car is just this
center console it's just so like classic
like the way they've made it guys so
that's spree dope well yeah there you go
guys BRABUS fine leather Wow and the
thing is on these cars to close the door
you literally have to slam it guys like
oh yeah Oh anyway since we are back home
I'm actually gonna end off today's vlog
here
now the reason I'm actually ending it
early is because tomorrow we have to go
and registers my mum car what did I just
say we have to go register my mom's car
with plate numbers because even though
you guys saw the car today we actually
didn't drive it back home it's still
over there until we put the plate
numbers on it anyways before I say
goodbye don't forget within the next
three days I'm gonna pick the giveaway
winner to the third phone guy so if you
guys want to win an absolutely free
phone no charge at all all you do is
subscribe and comment down below that's
it I love you and I'll see you tomorrow
yeah Leon Oh
