yeah everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so today the weather is
really weird it's actually been raining
this morning like the weather is all
like cloudy and stuff uneven Dubai it
barely ever rained and to be honest last
week it even snowed so today I'm
actually going out to see my boy Hasan
now you guys know him he looks like he's
an adopted brother to me or something
like later he looks very similar to me
the thing is let me do a little rent
okay he actually won the new pair easy
yes he wondered am new pair uses and you
don't realize how mad I am he won them
and he doesn't care he doesn't care
about shoes and he's the one that won
late
the car part of me was freaking out he
told me things already got a little bit
weird today about two hours later boys I
finally made it over to my adopted
brother there you go he said he said 25
minutes and that's like for Charlie he
sent me over to some random community
and I was like yo I said where am I
is that oh I should use that location
for directions or check it out we're now
inside the house welcome to my crib a
Lucy you guys I told you I was getting
them yet they're ready for me anyways
I'm not sure if you guys have seen the
new uses but we're gonna do a little
unboxing in a sense house I love my new
shoes man oh look at that
I'm sorry well as well as the door let's
just check it out was these are the new
Yi's they ain't even really nice I like
them Dan it's fucking old explaining
those planes later I love how much my
shoes I don't know what your time he's
here like you listen I need to get hold
of you guys that's why I hate him he
doesn't care who's calling us I'm
actually like alone with a heart and to
like I woke up in the morning ago I
don't know one limb I think my boy has
to has lost his mind decayed he's
telling me that there's a black stripe
on my shoe I trust me when I say if you
get these in your hand I'm not wrong
there's a black there's less rain and
there's a black cross over here and I
was like Sarah Khouri this is why he
didn't win the raffle this is why he
didn't win the Russell could I keep one
an easy one no I'm not wearing one easy
you don't need to wear any get out it
was a great dish
oh I smell excuse for you so right now
we're actually going around Hassan's
area and the thing is I might be moving
next to mother you know what she is my
like adopted brother I need to let you
know later going to move into the same
house honestly his area is really nice
guys and I was like let me go look
around and see maybe since I am looking
to buy a property why don't I just move
next door to him where the hell are you
taking me room do you even have a little
river here poop and go it is it is good
just keep sewing it I think Todd Leticia
fall in it so you tell you people died
over here no one died it was like 50 I
don't know where we're going we're going
down a very creepy alleyway that there's
a guy following us there's a kind of
illusion okay yeah all right got a rush
lucky I see that there's actually a guy
hide anyway they go boys those are the
easy I officially got them I want them
from my boy hands oh it's all good we're
taking at home is that good no he didn't
bother can I see guys she's actually
packing I think my kids might be
appreciative and much much love bro
let's go let's go together
I'll do anything to change it to you
right now we're leaving Hassan's house
we're going to somewhere cool like the
globe park or something I'm not sure if
it's even open we're just going to head
out to see if we can go there so yeah
let's go put the shoes in the car and
we're all good
yo alright so we just made it over to
the globe part I think it is still open
if you listen up guys there's a bunch of
weird noises Anela
can you hear that yeah there's like some
dinosaur noises coming from in there
this place is legit this man oh
religious are just about to go inside
this place I thought I'd show you the
outside because it is really cool so
yeah let's go in and see what's up Wow
now this is nice guys
I'll read of yours I have no idea what
this place is
I just know there's a bunch of lights
and that's why we came here so come on
it's so like when you got shot yes
because other lights I like that you
thought this place couldn't get any
cooler look at this tunnel over here oh
I feel like I'm one like ecstasy or
something like what is happening
there was a sound panda I love it y'all
where'd you buy those easy right where'd
you buy that I think we found the
coolest tunnel over here you feel the
first tunnel is cool look at this let me
know how you guys fell again going
through that cuz honestly it plays with
your mind on the other side they
literally have a little Burj Khalifa oh
wow
so we decided to quickly stop and have
some food so me and my boy happen are a
little cheeky date right now I brought
him out for pizza so we just finished
with our little date that we were having
guys as you can see I got a vanilla cake
so I gotta take away from later guys but
look what they have over here it's like
a steaming Kermit whoa this is so weird
I don't understand the concept - this is
so weird
we're entering the animal kingdom we I
don't know if this is a good song to be
playing around a kids area they're
playing bubble pop bubble bubble bubble
bubble bubble this is a kids area why
not turn around to get out don't be
worrying guys on TV you know what you
doing that but it's only kimochi the
coming up really well I want half that
is on this page I love you Justin
welcome to my channel
our diet so puppy we are not reading
that let's have some fun in a kid area
the more we go into the park the cooler
it gets the more we go into this park
guys I honestly feel like you guys
should not coming together at a couple's
place not family yeah I don't think you
guys make us a promise Claire bring your
brother here yo guys oh my god I can't
believe we found this we found the band
is the time to really find a family we
found our ally hi I know this is a weird
thought but how much you reckon their
next receive it is already good no
listen let me help you out let's get to
renew where'd you go yeah we need some
solar panels up in you guys ahead
hashtag save the world
we made it designer for my writing
you
are you dinosaurs what's your heart :
calm down buddy the last warning I'm
leaving you oh um yeah I don't
understand
say my name say my name I think we found
the tallest dinosaur over here would you
look at that oh my god look at the neck
on that one oh I think I think we upset
him so that one's arms what's he hiding
buddy right I'm not sure do you guys see
that follows his eyes it actually
follows you guys way I'm gonna move left
yo what does it do you see that I take
it back your arms are multiple okay we
finally reached the end of Jurassic Park
for now ratting out that was actually
pretty fun I'm gonna be on this guy's
alright chill chill we're getting any
believe in your hood we're leaving your
house following decision for now we're
heading out really take your spot for
this place and yeah let's let's go to
normal Devine let's go some all right
now we clearly came over to the shopping
center but we just realized literally
every store is closed except for two so
we're about to make a really big
question we're gonna make one of the
biggest purchases of the whole year guys
I am dead if you know how long I've
waited for this
this is the best thing that they've ever
made this is an astronaut egg maker guys
one more thing I have to show you guys
that they have over here I did not
believe when I saw this they have
snapchat spectacles guys I don't know I
think the color I would honestly buy it
right now within seconds but the price
it's $300 $300 then they go 413 it could
be important because like
I meant to be from a vending machine you
guys know I love trending machines they
shouldn't leave it anything they're here
legally I don't know okay like like the
cases exactly so this is a black market
you know thing is they're super
expensive so I'm not sure if I want to
buy them but they're really cool I mean
look it's not looking that cool but
honestly like I told you I listen but
I'll tell you to get in with your
closest to the Facebook me or but they
fell yeah more than okay let me know if
I should get them in the comment section
guys if I'm gonna pay that much you guys
have to want it won it so go down I'm
waiting for you guys to comment this and
you drive a Ferrari I just by just by
I'm sorry
here you are that's tight me so we just
made it back to her son's place
pronouncing goodbye to him guys everyone
peace out yeah yeah hopefully we
actually might we actually might see him
again because I might be moving in next
to him that's not even a joke that's the
sad part it's about time incredulous
high priests are guys see once I get
home whoa alright so I just met a
homeboys it's actually been a pretty fun
day today by the way just to keep you
guys updated I might be doing another
giveaway this week and it's a really
unexpected one basically let me explain
like this company sent me something a
while back we were going to do like a
collab video with them but they never
emailed me for a couple of months so
yeah I think I'm just going to give away
the stuff they gave me because misery
for like five months and I've heard
nothing so I was like yo you guys might
like a giveaway right you guys want me
to do a giveaway just make sure to
subscribe and I'll probably announcement
sometime this week I'm just going to try
and email them again if they don't reply
then yeah we're going to have a really
cool giveaway for you guys I love you
guys all as always yellow
you
