yo yo everyone what is that what's
poppin y'all so today we're gonna have
something special going on on the vlog
if you see our garage at the moment
Lana's Lamborghini is missing Oh
basically she took it in for service and
now she has no ride to go pick it up so
we're gonna let Lana drive my Ferrari
for the first time uh responsibilities
responsibilities you know it's funny she
has no insurance on my car so if she
crashes it she's paying for it take it
ahead girl driving Bugatti I mean girl
driving Ferrari Liz yeah oh no oh wow
Wow she tried to start it without the
key okay that's a D oh we're doomed okay
oh my god some cars are not like that
whoa whoa check it out boys the roof is
coming down
oh my god yo look at the struggles of
driving with a woman guys she literally
stopped the car because she needs to do
her hair she turned the damn car would
you expect
are you there is there oh there's no
mirror all right there she goes boys hey
hey yo wait for me you idiot
that was not a gas I need to get used to
this I'm a cool girl i'ma go go go go go
yeah only in the buy when you spot a
chrome balloon rose race look at that
thing
that's where we need to go boys we're
literally going to the Lamborghini
Sherman a Ferrari
thug life value Ferrari follow me brah
Ferrari follow me bro all right we made
it over to the showroom alive whoa that
was a fun little drive boys anyway she's
gonna go get her car now so yeah how'd
you feel you're in front of the showroom
of the Ferrari you betrayer yo
imagine if that happens anyways it's
actually been a super super long time
since I've come over to the showroom
they have like a couple of changes and
check this out oh they actually have a
blue SV over here a baby blue one wow
that is nice it's got like the orange
little stripe on it a couple other cars
so we need to change your car for an SV
that's perfection upgrade me that
YouTube my guys give me another two
years on YouTube we got this bro we got
this so right now we're actually heading
upstairs I'm not sure if you guys have
seen basically about a month ago they
actually painted on a Lamborghini like
some super cool artwork and that
Lamborghini used upstairs so right now
we're gonna go check it out cuz I've
never seen in person so yeah it should
be cool boys and check this out the
elevator has like a red and green light
this is the scariest elevator I've ever
been in trust me I'm about to go in The
Hunger Games there
yeah look at it Oh oh my goodness
The Hunger Games has begun
damn son Wow
so check it out here is the Lamborghini
boys oh oh I've never seen this in
person looks so different yeah Lana
would you ever paint a Lamborghini yeah
she's gonna paint this Lamborghini let's
get a paintbrush out here guys I really
want to just ruin it now I want to add
my mobile Oakes logo here anyways there
you go is that is the Lamborghini I
wanted to show you pretty cool awesome
stuff over here basically if you don't
know they foiled the car and black and
paint it on the foil so the original
paint is like fully there we're
literally just about to take my sister's
car and go but they actually have a
Lamborghini racecar in the back over
here check this out
this is insane like wow it doesn't even
look like a normal Lamborghini it's got
like the two exhausts over here this is
a monster
anyway the boys also cool it will stop
over here at the Lamborghini service
center they always have like really cool
cars at the showroom for now we're
heading out my sister's gonna come in
her car so I'm gonna go hop in my car
uh-uh please don't clothes on me are you
kidding yeah I can fit through yeah boy
oh boy
that's enough fun with these cars boys
that's enough no more all right so there
you go boys we just made it home after a
crazy Drive back home yeah we were
feeling ourselves in that drive guys so
I couldn't want to talk to you guys
about what I've been searching for for
the past half an hour now if you watched
my New Year's video you would know
there's five things I really want to do
this year one of them is buying a house
and as I mentioned in that video not a
mansion not a palace guys I want a very
very simple apartment at the beginning
anyways and for the boss off now I've
been looking around just to see the
prices and the market and stuff so I
thought I'd show you at the moment like
the prices I'm seeing are like seven
hundred thousand dirhams guys which
isn't actually Bala
okay you have a couple of expensive ones
I'm just looking at a couple areas at
the moment but yeah I mean I'm gonna try
and look within the next month to get it
and I know that's really early I just
told you so you would know that I am
looking for a house I mean who knows one
of you guys might be selling a house for
cheap so you can just email your boy and
be like yo mo my house is worth a
million I'll sell it to you for a
hundred thousand let's get it anyways I
just finished all the computer voice
searching around for prices so far what
I've gotten is I think the things I'm
looking for are around like seven
hundred thousand dirhams which is like
two hundred thousand dollars so not bad
as I said the place I'm looking to buy
whatever is I'm looking to rent it out
anyway so it's not for me to stay in or
anything but yeah let's see let's see
how it goes boys I'm still doing my
research the thing is the most important
thing ever let me just tell you guys
this is like a little life lesson never
rush into buying anything like I know so
many of my friends that rushed into
things and then they've regretted it but
you need patience especially for big
purchases if it's a car if it's a house
just be patient and you will find what
you want to get John
so now we'd already do this Eliza 43 or
watch turn my birthday into a lifestyle
make yo what's going on over here boys
look at this these buildings have a
different color oh my god that actually
looks really really cool Wow
I don't know what's going on but that's
nice yo by the way check this out they
have a classic Mercedes parked over here
look at this oh boy now that is what you
call a beast time to get my haircut done
boys were strapped in ready to go and
yeah that the transformation begin so
far just on the sides if you can see
that it actually looks really really
cool guys so
so check it out I just finished with the
haircut if you can see that I actually
have a line in my hair right now we're
gonna quickly wash it up and I'll show
you after once it's fully done okay so
I'll be right back
all right so there you go boys I just
finished up at the hairdresser beyo
now that I finish with my haircut I just
met one of the yo-yo squad say hello to
Taha
what's up what's up and he actually got
me something really cool guys check it
out so he got me MOV for more vlogs and
his name is ty so you got T and a so
thank you so much that is awesome so
shout out to you high five BAM it's like
really made it over to my mum and
Grandma been doing some shopping while I
was gone and look at what they bought
okay I thought I went more crazy with my
haircut they've been buying like this
stuff what do you call this guys so we
clearly stopped by the shops cuz I'm
looking around to buy some new clothing
but every time I pass the mirror I look
at myself and look how different I look
guys there I look the sign of my hair
you know what it is I told my barber he
could do whatever he wants
I told him be creative he does anything
like anything that comes to his mind
he's at yo let's just do this and I'm
like go for it I think I found an outfit
that matches my hairstyle boys I am BAM
I think this t-shirt is gonna look so
awesome and it has matching pants guys
look at this whoa
Oh My gods take it off take it off you
know what change your plans I actually
think I'm gonna get the t-shirt on no
boys it doesn't I don't know why exactly
but I ended up buying the green t-shirt
boy so once I go home I'm gonna show you
that it looks good so for now we're
clearly heading off home I just wanna
say one thing whenever I look at my hair
on the camera it looks super tall I
don't know why it looks so weird on
camera trust me it looks better in
person I hope I don't know are you my
brother are you my brother are you so
what are you somebody I don't know yo
guys she laughed at my haircut no
because like when you step up Joey why
is there a flashlight behind the door
you look like a pineapple
ah it's just such a big transformation
like can you recognize him ease doesn't
is he like the same old bugs we had oh
my Daisy looks like someone else I know
there's gonna be a lot of haters on my
hair off to this video but I just want
to say it's great all the way up you
look like those guys in those movies um
you know why--i yeah
my name is Ron whoa okay you look like
you okay my I look like a tree y'all a
pineapple head I serve you go to the
jungle we won't see because you blend in
I've never seen anyone wear this like oh
did you see anyone wear this yeah
and the morn no I'm studying their
movies okay the line is not visible bro
it's under your hat well into my I told
you is growing like it alright so I
currently want to take a shower boys and
we are back to normal mode you see token
I thought that now does it
big announcement by the way within the
next two weeks I'm gonna do a huge
giveaway on the channel I know I haven't
done a giveaway for a while so this
one's gonna be special guys I promise so
the only rule is to be subscribed and
you're in secondly guys make sure to
watch my last video here or press
subscribe right here it's a new feature
on YouTube like go ahead and click one
of those I dairy bear fat bear alright
as always I love you old yellow Yolo bye
click one of those boom
