yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog so to start out today's
vlog I have five princesses which came
by say hello hi guys basically they're
trying to make their brothers jealous by
being on the vlog so if you're watching
this brothers hat they made it they told
them they wouldn't see me but it
happened anyways you're going to have a
good day today so let's get started
valued a good seeing you
so check it out finally made it over to
the boys bears we got our SK in the
building that way now we're about a
snowboard on my snowboard I got the gear
I'm gonna look so fresh you don't know
me the people that buy the most suck the
most I'm gonna be honest now like when
you're like a basketball player you get
on the court yeah you got everything on
anyways we're about to go skiing right
now our ski is gonna go get his thing
it's that thing it's that big snowboard
I saw on your snap challenge my man are
you going brother and you get the board
dad no you can't help he doesn't trust
you guys that is lens three bro you need
some cleaning your dirty bro what the
hell huh there you go there's his
snowboard I just had a nosebleed and I'm
coming skiing I don't know why you got
some felons in your head man I got some
problems man I got all the clothes in my
hand all the boots that what the hell
y'all help me out bro you're like
walking with nothing don't speak to me
like that son so before we go in skiing
I just met these two homies they wanted
to give a shout-out to their friend
what's that what's up I shall see you
later Yallah Yallah Yallah no sir I
don't know what's happening my boy our
skates struggling no I'm not struggling
I'm just getting ready with tears folks
oh I'm gonna quickly change into my ski
outfit and then we're good to go boys
let's do this
okay roll suited and booted ready to go
on the slopes
you guys better stay tuned because I
just learned how to jump on YouTube
you can't look on YouTube to learn how
to jump he's like learning all like
tutorials and stuff you gotta just do it
from the heart you just have to do it
from the heart you just have to draw it
from the home
oh we're stopped by security well I
come in peace yeah
you know what I love about the by you
take an elevator to go skiing that's how
we do it out here in the desert you go
skiing like we're gonna do that see I'm
getting prepared for my job Oh Oh how'd
you do it teach me I don't know you've
got to watch a YouTube video let me
teach you how you put your skis on a
case it's all about tutorials yes see
basically you put the tip in there you
go now jump Oh see I told you dicks up
for girls bro yeah well all I need to do
is that boy know yo oh my god
let's get you the head boy oh he's nice
yeah yeah I don't know why I set the pig
on skiing yeah sometimes okay yeah
as cold
if you how do you stop this thing oh my
god oh I tried to save I tried to save
vlog here may be dumpling I hope you can
see that on camera that was the funniest
fall ever God look at him k oh look at
what they don't look at my buddy
oh no he's good he's good
oh oh oh he bumped into me oh my god he
ate snow again bro round two kale
come on vlog ZZZ you can do this come on
yes no no kill me though please
woo oh this is experts oh my god oh my
god oh my god that was the expert ramp I
could barely hold the camera I don't
even think you so much what I was about
to die we're actually gonna go up the
hard way right now we're gonna hold onto
these strings and they pull you up this
is honestly so hard to do so if I like
fall and die it's your fault
imagine this your head is right there
guys you ready for it
nothing could stop me I'm all the way up
no artists game fell on the way up okay
this guy is gonna do the ramp for us so
we're gonna see how it goes okay oh this
is a struggles of going skiing and then
coming inside to a hot place your camera
fogs up whoa you can't even see me man
oh oh oh my goodness that looks so juicy
right now so many extra marshmallows and
extra M&Ms yeah buddy
you see so oh geez right now shout-out
to the man the best hot chocolate maker
in the world
cheers to life eh there you go do the
hot chocolate dance hey hey take it let
it go don't shake it
 shake it
yeah yeah by the way I'm not sure I've
even seen my boy Romney has sticks so
that's why it's easier for him you know
why simple science so what the hell
decides I do stink so the momentum of
the force is more control good 600 just
ate the snow oh I busted my foot this
time I might try and jump but if I die
or break anything this is evidence that
they made me do it anymore you better
call it someone's gonna kill you oh this
is why we stopped hanging out with
Robbie drop yes
for now we're heading out of here
grabbing the skis let's go look at what
time is look at the time right now 11:59
our skates say hi to the fog foggy
what's up buggy buggy I'm actually gonna
change my t-shirt before you leave I've
had enough of this I'm actually kind of
hot now that I'm out so yeah is this a
legal stripping down in public
yeah no I'm naked in public gasps I'm
naked
that was a good session escape was a
good session skateboarding guys let you
guys know that was a good session of
skiing boys for now we're heading out so
did you kill I had a bad start but a
strong end he had not hit he had a
terrible start and a mediocre and it is
jumped into the ocean and came back out
dry see you guys soon boom boom boom hey
sorry guys anyways as you can see boys I
just met up with the family straight out
of Ski Dubai they're all waiting for me
because they're also in the shopping
center there's nobody here so you might
as well just hop in a ride yeah let's
see you got the keys does it work does
it work oh god damn it doesn't work so
I'm not sure if you can tell where I am
right now right now I'm in the Apple
store and I came here to try on the
earbuds you know the things I came out
like the wireless ear pods I've been
looking like everywhere for them but
every time I come to the store they're
sold out but they have testers so I'm
gonna try them on so check it out guys
these are the ear pods I'm talking about
they're actually tiny I didn't think
they're that small but look at them
compared to my hands so BAM alright this
is how they open up
it just kind of slides in here BAM like
magnetic whoa not your airports yes they
are connect airports connecting damn
it's actually super simple oh my god
that's it that's it
okay I'm gonna try and let you guys
listen to okay this is so weird
if you take it out your ear so same
answers basically if I double tap it the
phone goes on Syria case Bam Bam
all right not bad hey Siri what's the
weather today
23 degrees anyways guys there you go
those are the earpods I had to show you
them well yeah that is crazy the mole is
completely empty right now
right honestly if we stay here I don't
think anybody would care and we can use
me to stay here look alright we just
realized that security everything you
see them hey check it out
grave Oh Oh is your head okay oh she hit
her head
Oh last night so good but genell's bad
wake up every morning but not at all
right so we just made it back home boys
after a good day I'm actually got a
couple crazy things to announce you guys
so not sure if you've seen this we hit
2.5 million subscribers so I just have
to say I love you all guys half million
away from that big 3 million if you guys
don't know three is my favorite number
so hey we so close to that one thing I
want to show you guys so basically I'm
not sure if you remember and yes is a
yesterday's video somebody sent me an
octopus lady eyes and it's in my
sister's decoration I never saw this but
apparently check this out boys the girl
has the yellow yellow hand sign what
young yellow oh my God look no I don't
know it's some sort of octopus lady it's
kind of freaky I just want to say donate
$2 to help bubbles out you see we're
struggling to find him accommodation so
he takes what he can get so as we say
goodbye to all of you here I hope you
have enjoyed today's long if there's one
thing you guys can do for me I really
want to see if this makes a difference
pick one video which I've uploaded this
week and share
your friends it can be on Twitter it
could be on Facebook on Instagram
anything I just want to see if you'll
make a difference boys okay I'm trying
to figure out this whole YouTube thing a
bunch of my friends always tell me do
this or do that so yeah let's see if
there's one video you like this week
just go and share with your friends and
trust me or help me out a lot anyways I
love you guys if you join today's vlog
make sure to subscribe right here and
watch my last video right here and yet I
see it's more yellow yellow bye
