rain drop smoking up in the hot dog
yeah what is look I just woke up right
now and I just found out apparently our
cats love sitting on our cars nowadays
yeah what are you doing what are you
doing fine you want a suntan on the
Lamborghini why not so right now
actually want to get something out of
the fridge now I'm going to show if you
remember two days ago I made myself a
watermelon popsicle stick guys and it's
right over here hey let's do a little
taste test to see what this tastes like
guys there's no cold it just all call I
do have to say it's very unique but a
little bit weird this is not for me guys
it's not for me oh yeah yo laughs you're
in the road now that is impressive
there it goes Hey
the first stop of the day the petrol
station the good thing about Dubai is
like petrol isn't something you worry
about like I remember when I was in
London it's expensive okay here it's
it's more reasonable okay so we good
advise you and tell you guys something
if you don't know for the past two days
Kitty has been super sick like she's
been laying here in her little bed she's
got the worst cold ever Oh
she sneezed in my face and yes she just
bent over here like just sitting sick Oh
feel so bad bird even though we haven't
done much in today's blood I just came
back from outside like I was out just
doing you know like small bits of work
that I needed to be done so yeah umm
it's just been a very very busy week
I'll explain to you guys later so I
actually want to show you guys something
I bought one on outside
I bought mini cards there actually so
time if you look at them compared to my
hands so let's open them up and check
them out tonic oh it's actually really
cool like wow these are the cards and
this is my hand yeah yes there's no tiny
guys look at this
this is my attempt at shuffling mini
cards right let's try and see if we can
do this guy's not sure if you don't have
to do the shuffle but it's pretty cool
hey you know the awkward moment when
you're trying to vlog but there's like
construction going on in our house
around youth I'm trying to vlog but it's
just I can't you guys are making too
much noise so right now as you heading
over to go see my boy Ross ah
they're back at it again are you kidding
me are you kidding me anyways I was
saying going to go see the boys right
now my boy Roshan and Fatih haven't seen
them like a good 10 days you know what's
funny while I was gone there was a bunch
of crazy stuff going in devised law so
if you guys don't know a red fest was
here which is like a huge music concert
my boy Russian was on stage with gez
they leave on stage what that's so great
yo - check it out boys look who we all
over here
just made it over to my man rush it
what's been poppin y'all show those
little skills
why does he always look in the sky when
you dribble anyways as I probably told
you guys my boy rocket is now officially
a rapper it was on stage featuring with
Jeezy so right now we're on the hundred
and twenty third floor guys and look at
the view now any why should a which make
you cry room without your I don't know
when that is
Mario we're literally on top of the
world right now
Wow yeah I'm actually legit speechless
like look at my hand and look down back
yo I'ma be honest once you're this high
up you're not even scared anymore
because it just doesn't feel like
reality guys look a Russian oh you poor
get back get peckish girl I'm at Sonic
in a Cell so I clearly came around to
the other side of the building the view
here is even crazier check this out damn
how do you feel right now all the well
I'm looking down at all the tiny people
in this world looking down on the head
ring drop drop top cooking on your back
yeah all right one Wow only one is right
now we're fatties creep and check it out
BAM the lasagna guys this is on point
he's already eaten half of it if I made
it I personally made this like handmade
I'ma be honest we just had the lasagna
and it actually tasted kind of good okay
I'm gonna give it to Fatih so now it's
time for dessert
I got you fuzz round yo my man sponsored
over here guys I'm like he's trying to
plug advertisements in my blog right nut
why should wants to take over today's
vlog so he can have it there you go man
so we're literally just about to hell
out my boys daddy's house but I thought
I show you some of the bags he has over
here that shouldn't really really cool
damn
check it out this one looks super cool
so no what are you guys doing sure this
is the problem then what type of sound
is that BRR
I just want to know you know Lucas look
oh my boy just pulled out his bag guys
hey hey
Rolly thought oh jeez if I broke a Rolex
so we just made it over to the boating
Center and look at what cars they have
in the basement if you can see that they
have like these really really cool
classics over here dan sub we quickly
came to play some ping pong and check
out one minute look Dawson what just
happened dah dah dah
can he hit that one come on Joe logged
on oh the lane next door sound like some
professional bowler they've literally
got like gloves I love my Iron Man is
crazy
hang on guys look at his love I thought
you know you're a professional when you
have like a metal arm these guys are so
good oh my god Wow Wow
and here he goes the man himself let's
see what he had and he bows
and it is it can he do this Joe
no way no way so Rovers on with the
bowling buddy is like killing us so he's
like how far these but I can actually be
wrong right now if you look at the
store right now
he's on 75 I'm on Stephanie - okay
fatty as I said he just out of the game
right now so who's gonna win bro who's
gonna win bro
money please let's eat please miss oh if
he misses this and I'm almost certain to
win please don't hear loss please don't
hello
oh no no no no no no the only way I can
beat him is if I hit a strike force
there right now
oh wow
84 81
Oh Oh I'm cooling a completely basically
the water love it y'all know sure if you
guys remember a while back a car smashed
into my head and I think I caught the
guy
BAM this is his car guys as you can see
I know because that's my blood right
there if you remember I'm just gonna
wait for the driver to come and then I'm
going to call the police defend Randolph
in the hot guy he was on stage with this
so right now this is the guy who's on
stage with Jeezy you guys know anyways
Washburn our saying goodbye to Raj's he
sounded like we're back into my back you
know so anyways he's going in the easy
car BAM until next time bro peace Wow
look at the easy car behind me right now
hey this is my reverse camera that looks
so cool yo so I just made it back home
boys but I shoulda taught you guys about
one thing that's just been on my mind
right now so if you guys haven't watched
yesterday's video basically those it's
crazy a cup of up - there is this crazy
apocalypse going on where every youtuber
was losing subscribers okay everybody
today they fix the problem but this is
what gets to me a case so pootie pop I'm
just going to use him because he's the
biggest youtuber k so yesterday he
looked like a million subscribers a game
which is which is fine right everybody
was losing subscribers now he gave the
million back okay because they fixed the
glitch but he also gained an additional
like 400,000 they gave him four hundred
thousand three subscribers now which is
shall we like even he made a video about
this like what other thing is this is
what gets to be every other youtuber go
reset to where they were originally
right they just gave them what they lost
pootie by no no he's the biggest
youtuber so he got bonus subscribers on
it
you know this is just weird I'm just
going to leave this to the side right
now I feel like I'm in a ranting mood
right now yo YouTube give me an extra
hundred K subscribers we're good anyways
I love you guys well I'll see you
tomorrow make sure to subscribe to the
channel if you haven't already let's
let's get me some free subscribers wind
up you can click here to subscribe click
over here to watch my last video or just
go down there and subscribe and do
everything else I love y'all Yolo Yolo
bye
