show you everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so I'm going to start out
the vlog by using something really cool
I bought yesterday hey this is my new
little toy guys it's a bubble maker so
this is how it works guys you open it
out like simple as you take it out
I'm BAM oh my goodness right ah
basically it makes you know like really
big bubble green we about to do it let's
get it I don't need instructions below
shake it all around
okay that was it
hey whoa my doodad do it again oh my god
this one there you go boys that's my
lightsaber I told you to work this is so
cool I'm gonna put it over the camera
did the camera roll you're the last
camera you have that properly working
out anyway there you go was that is my
new toy I do not want to mess up
anything else let me know what I can do
this this is sick right now I'm actually
heading out with my mom to go out I told
you that thing would turn out sick guys
I had a feeling so let's go by the way
check this out
damn I'm matching my watch with my
jumper Hey
we black in action and y'all did you
like my revving so the first place I
actually came is over to my friends
showroom just want to say hi catch up
you know since I've been going it but
look at what they have parked outside of
here guys they have a really gorgeous
for a eight which has a black roof like
this thing looks so nice right so I just
came in to my friend showroom and look
at what car they have over here BAM now
I'm not sure if you guys know what this
is exactly this is a 2017 gt-r Nismo I
don't even think these things are in the
country yet wow wow wow wow
basically it's like the Beast of the
GTRs guys look it's got a carbon fiber
spoiler and the thing is this is all
factory like this is the king of the
king of the king of GTRs alright so
right now he created came over to the
shopping mall and there's one reason I
came over here it's pretty sad but Sam
so if you guys don't know what this is
the new Yeezys are up for Apfel so you
have like five days dentures I'm guys so
you already know your boys going to
enter it I've never won at all hopefully
this time is the time guys okay
hopefully we can do it I say this every
time but just ripple works out me and
mom are both gonna enter so yeah double
the chances I don't think she wants her
pair but this is this ain't cheating
guys it should if you want your thing
get the hell out of here by the way just
to put this in perspective
everybody here is entering for the easy
so chances are free love and here goes
the lucky interest guys oh so right now
I came over to like the Japanese store
and you guys know that Halloween is
coming up look what they have over here
banging up they have like a Valentine's
themed hangar my mother thing you can
like hang your Valentine clothes on it
not for Halloween music for Halloween
random Halloween is actually Halloween
yeah anyways just for Valentine's Day
Guys so Miraval we will quickly came to
eat some food I think it's been a long
time since I've blogged meat eating at
the food court so guys this fried
chicken I miss it so much I think it's
the first time I'm having fried chicken
since I'm back from London so we just
finished eating we're about to head out
check out this really cool chocolate bar
and they have when I slip something even
cooler they have a mustard salad is it
just me or is that mustard I don't even
know that looks so weird I hope it's not
a mustard on because I pretty much know
nobody that like mustard it could be
like I think it might be like yellow
chocolate if there is something like
that right now we're actually heading
out we're going to go buy a nature and I
know that it sounds rude your light
weight well you live in Dubai why do you
need it here but it's actually kind of
cold at night when we sleep so we're
going to get a couple for the house plus
ter cat has a cold like she literally
been sneezing constantly so we're
getting I don't sounds dumb guys we're
going to buy a heater for our cat okay
so he clearly came over to where they
have like the appliances and they have
no here's guys for now we're officially
heading of all boys you clearly got some
food for my sister as you can see
regards some Chinese chicken you already
know man mr. Chang yo check out this
truck in front of me right now
it is literally a monster size truck
what it can eat my car that's how big it
is
oh my goodness night how is that Mary's
I make it alright so we just made it
back home but actually try one more
thing with this bubble maker guys so in
the morning I didn't try this but I want
to see if we can like somehow make a
bubble covering my sister's face so
let's see how it works guys right right
doesn't he go something guys whoa oh I'm
sorry don't suck it's up it's like
like I say fuck you open it open
yo alright so right now I'm going to be
doing something a little bit different
guys thank you I wanted his seat cleaner
from outside I'm going to be putting it
to the test occasion so let's do it
so this is what it looks like once you
put the tube on it so I'm pretty sure
that's it
I have no idea why I'm supposed to put
the war in here guys like this what I
think it supposed to be here but I don't
know yo hey radical dude if you filled
it up with water everything is done all
we need to do is plug this in and I
don't know how long you like he takes to
steam the water guys okay so yeah they
look at this guy's thank you mama
can you see bubbles you cannot see
bubbles right now yo it's been like a
good two minutes right now guys it's
better work are you ready are you
kidding me more we're going to did this
work
it's not leaving you already don't clean
anything say hello to my little friend
have you ever wanted to draw on a mirror
like on it needs mirror now you control
it I do not even as many times as you
want come on get on my clock so I want
to be completely honest with you guys
I'm an idiot okay so the other day if
you guys watch my video I try to bounce
this bowl of water and I fail now the
thing is you guys let me know in the
comment section well you kind of roasted
me no you're so dumb it's supposed to
sort it like at an angle so many seek me
out so I'm going to do today okay so
really try about this off the war I put
over there to my sister's hands
alright the fever's works guys well know
what ha you need to do is yeah oh my
goodness okay so basically right now I'm
on YouTube guys and there is a huge
subscriber glitch okay so every youtuber
right now is losing thousands of
thousands of subscribers basically look
at this I'm watching this guy's
livestream and look at these numbers
flying down literally everybody even the
guy that's live-streaming this is on -
900 subscribers this is insane how is 45
losing so many subscribers this is
actually happening right now I'm
actually kind of panicky right now I
feel like YouTube systems are just dying
alright we're going to credit check my
sister's channel let's see if she's
losing subscribers as well I call guys
that's the
oh so right now me and my sister were
listening to the live stream basically
it's a glitch it's actually a great so
the way it's working at the moment if I
subscribe to a channel and unsubscribe
they lose to subscribers so they gain
one from me but when I unsubscribe they
use two so potentially if this goes on
for a couple more hours too deep I could
hit zero subscribers are you saying his
heart beat is dropping guys why did you
stay with us stay with us food
he's literally about to go 1 million
subscribers lower than he way mana son
if you guys can do one thing for me if
any of you have gone unsubscribe to the
channel please click Subscribe again
because as you can see we're all losing
subscribers but ok anyways for now I'm
going to say goodbye to all of you here
I'll keep you updated on how this goes
yeah I kind of want to see where this
goes imagine if we all wake up with
fewer subscribers whoa that'd be weird
anyways y'all Yolo guys see some more
make sure to click you to subscribe
click here to watch my last video and
yeah but oh this is my face
