ah
yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today's actually going
to be an amazing amazing day it's my boy
Russians birthday the thing is let me
explain a couple things so yesterday's
vlog I didn't want to say anything and
the reason is today we're actually
having a surprise birthday for him right
now we're heading out yesterday I
ordered a cake so I'm gonna go get that
and yell at today's it'll be awesome
let's go last night to get a lesson on
up bad you wake up every morning but at
night so we just made it over to the
cake shop I feel like we've come here so
many times in the past two weeks we came
here for New Year's we came in from my
grandma's birthday light it's just now
it's a cake year it's a cake we're
starting the year with two men cakes man
all right so check it out here is the
cake BAM oh I think this picture looks
really cool guys so let's get out of
here let's go we're sure you put candles
on her now it's not a thing it's my
birthday I'm an mama
you already know rosh it is turning up
to this song right now he's probably
singing this song right now go go go go
go I'm gonna balance on one huh no I'm
gonna balance it on one hand okay if it
falls it's not my fault so now that I'm
home I should want to show you guys
something which I find pretty cool in
love you may not know this so when I
first met my boy Raschid a week later he
sent me a cake and it had like frosting
on the top with our picture and I
actually kept it until now like
literally I kept in the freezer so I
thought I'd show you guys it BAM this is
the first time we ever met and this was
like a year ago and I just kind of kept
it for memory it looked cool so it's
kind of really also seeing these two
next to each other right now see that
was us a year ago and this is us now see
how times have changed guys anyways
let's not get too emotional in the vlog
right now let's get ready and yeah let's
head out of here Lana is finally ready
to go boys whoo we're on time for once
because
by the way I know it's been a while
since I've showed you any of my sister's
paintings there's one over here being
worked on don't worry there is paint
coming out soon 2018 2018 there's a
painting out let's get it ready mom
cookie everybody's ready time to head
out let's go happy birthday oh
we're coming grandma don't sleep come
let's go let's go she's about to fall
asleep here she's about to fall asleep
doing this one goes out to my girl
Rihanna
whenever you're next in Dubai I want my
selfie again is the doors like this
don't move your neck move your damn body
crikey mate we just made it over here
boys as you can see well you probably
can't see much but still we're here
there's the guy in the middle of the
road guys why the hell did you scream
alright we're finally here boys were
finally here so as you can see we just
made it over to Raj's place I'm gonna go
inside see where everybody else is and
then once he gets here hopefully nothing
gives it away so check it out boys we
just made it over here let's go so right
now we're in the dining room area and
look at what they've prepared for when
Raschid comes guys check this out
oh my god this is amazing I think Russia
should be here like half an hour guys so
I think by the time Yeti is gonna be us
and I think Vitali is coming with his
mum as well so yeah let's see how this
goes down guys so check it out guys
Vitali made it here and a couple other
extra everything was gone years it's
literally really here the lights are on
everything is silent so when he gets you
we're just gonna jump is your casa
just there it's lit thank you hi Raj
it's gonna be here yeah
by the way guys this is hotter you guys
should know her thank you thank you
we'll talk to her after the surprise
again okay wasn't even Raj it round two
so here you go boys the birthday boy is
finally here if you saw his face those
priceless
smiling throughout the whole thing whoa
look what they have going on over here
damn you know what that you know I don't
even have to talk just like how do they
go and see for you so we're just about
to eat
I am literally starving right now and
like the stars are coming here so we're
trying some Indian Street food right now
boys so let's give it a shot
hi Dada Dada you look stressed out are
you crying
okay crazy Abdullah we want the
desert we want the desert Russians about
to make all of us deserts so he's gonna
show you how he's gonna do it hey there
you go take over damn son ah
getting them shots boy what you got
whatcha gonna do with that dessert do
buddy
excuse me everyone I would recommend you
to please dig in because it's better
finally it's time to have the desert
boys everybody's buying down this
abscess I don't know exactly what we
just ate well that was the best dinner
I've ever had man like we destroyed it
check out this desert my boy Abdullah
shaking it's candy floss damn I made him
take it for the whole what it is there's
only a thousand pairs in the whole world
yeah Fatih hooked it up
he's got the plugs
guys guys we're gonna try and make him
do a birthday dance I have an
announcement yeah
Dawson he told me he wants to do a
birthday dance hey guys good day
laughter killer hi special guest on the
blog I had to show you guys this is the
station butter aka my lawn is my lawn I
like my sister's crazy over everything
this girl dies guys
but look how pretty she is I'm like
honored every time she's the biggest
makeup how many followers you have on
Instagram I need to know just I forgot
guys we need and her it's like 17
million I think they will come from her
so one day I'll be there one day I'll be
on there so we actually know each other
yeah we are clear yeah she's wearing
your lashes don't forget guys we got the
lovely Mon as well
yo what up what up what up and yeah we
got the birthday point the birthday boy
uh-oh
Oh 18 plus now yeah oh okay all right
Pizza Pizza by the way guys check this
out this is raw seeds mums custom buggy
check that out oh my god damn son only
in Dubai custom cars I got you baby I
want to see Lana in the car hello I need
the key I'm in here damn you guys are
partying in there so there you go boys
that was Ross's birthday party today as
you can see he's big
yeah and his body with there is his gift
the rolls-royce guys we're going to show
you cuz obviously we didn't want to show
too much but he got a rolls-royce the
Lambo and arias here alright anyway
today was cool we had a bunch of really
cool people down here we had I'm leaving
I say what anymore so I said how did
like a thousand times loads did it we
had the auto we had Vitaly we had fatty
everybody we had it mana we had a lot of
people look at this point but yeah now
that Russia is 15 we can actually do a
bunch more cool stuff he can now drive
don't worry we lowered the age do a
bunch of stuff so yeah guys it's late
good night bro
peace out see you soon peace oh whoa
alright so we just later back home after
a very very cool day as you saw my boy
wash it had his birthday guys now let me
do a little bit of talking cuz over
there every time I had somebody else on
the block I felt like I was mumbling
so you see harder that we had her on the
blog she is actually huge I'm not sure
if you guys know her you should probably
know her if you're a girl but look at
her Instagram BAM
guys this girl has sixteen point four
million followers and her sister that we
saw which is also very awesome Mona she
has almost two million these these
people are a list celebrities here in
Dubai so I'm not sure if you guys can
tell like they are fashion guru I don't
even know what you call it
their bosses okay so yeah we've had a
good start to 2017 let's keep it that
way
if you guys haven't already please make
sure to subscribe share the video with
your friends you're just amazing so I
love you all you guys are killing it
anyways see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo bye
