Yaron what is that welcome to another
vlog so today is officially the first
day we're vacuumed by the sun is shining
it is so nice to the heart anyways right
now my mother sister on their way back
because they just picked up the cat and
I heard them on the phone like the cats
were going crazy oh yeah hello the cats
are here boys the cats are here hey
buddy we're home
Hey alright calm down guys
there you go I want to be honest with
you guys I literally just woke up from a
nap and I'm gonna take my car infernus
thing is filthy right now I'm not sure
if you guys can see this but it's just
chaotic so we're taking this bad boy for
a wash it's literally been like two
weeks since I've turned on my car voice
so
not bad just to show you how dark my car
is guys look through the window right
now yeah yeah you can't see anything no
I said I don't know why I just love
watching a car getting washed guys oh
yeah nice and white and the award for
dirtiest car goes to me the car is just
about to be washed guys this is gonna
look so satisfying all right oh yeah it
just looks so satisfying
anyways I kinda want to apologize you
guys be good all right what the hell was
that I just want to say guys today I'm
super super jet lag like I've literally
had no sleep so today's vlog if it's a
little bit like and you know why okay
I'm dying I greatly came around just to
see how the back of the car looks like
not bad
arash complete guys anyways video quiz
the car is now washed up we can head
back home Sam now that is what you call
a nice car
alright so I just made it back home from
the car wash now it's time to test out
my new balls what
hello I'm out man I'm a cripple
basically if you don't remember I bought
these in London and apparently these
things about on war first things first
wait four more guys all let's get water
first water and water pump water okay
water runs water water play water the
check anomalies we quickly went and
filled up this bucket with some more
let's see if it lives up to its
expectations guys okay normally I will
be honest
whenever I buy gadgets like this they
just never work okay so let's see you
think or I've no idea why is it about
the water take most didn't let me know
just woke award great do one wait what
wow that was such a ripoff wow oh my god
just drop it normally just buy I got one
I got this joke hello darkness my old
friend I've come to talk with you again
alright this is a normal bowl I think
really Austin lady all because they
actually got the worship side yet don't
know
yes me yeah lady will go now okay I mean
I get a nip it's a little bit more
balanced evangelicals way both adorable
see a very know my father was yours like
yes or no
the war guys look at it bounces on water
you guys thought I was good at click
paying this company took it to another
level what do you guys think if I named
this video bounce of war exactly that's
what they did or the fact is Oh guys I'm
gonna say that I've missed bubbles and
Kitty so much look at them
hey buddy yeah he was just sleeping guys
he's super lazy right now ok so right
now me and mommy more gonna be doing
something a little bit different on the
vlog now I'm gonna be doing a small
little challenge with money more okay so
a challenge is called the 50/50 reddit
challenge and let me explain basically
there's like these forums on a website
called ready you click on a link ok and
it's going to either give you two things
so for example let's say it either tells
you poo or ice-cream and you don't know
which one it's going to take you to and
when you click on it it's either going
to take you to an image of goo or ice
cream the first thing on the challenge
says a compute cat or ultimate triple be
on ok I don't know what that means -
pick one already ha ha ha Oh yuck I
don't know what rakubian is it just
seems really scary number 2 ah it's
either a man gargling diarrhea or ever
Watson already or ever Watson I'm scared
of is what I these are a man with
diarrhea in his mouth or ever Watson all
right let me watch all right guys now
what you watch please yeah see I got
three two one
the event aw man aah yo those crazy guy
well we're off to a good start guys okay
the next one a moose runs in the forest
or a musket brutally run over by a car
okay
honesty oh that's disgusting that is
disgusting I'm closing that guy's that
is disgusting you know what I guys I'm
just gonna say no more like that
disgusting whoo-hoo please II came I you
know what change of plans
sticks mummy boys here let's do
something nice on the vlog we're gonna
open Soph your mouth
let's get straight into it my wife's
smelling it it's not like roofies
let's open this one first guys and see
what it is
Oh Oh smell that oh my goodness
ah they set up like these smell things
that makes sense
so they sent us a bunch of food car
smeller's and my sister loved food you
guys don't know so thank you so that is
a she also I want to go ahead and
clearly open one just to show you guys
what it is so BAM you know these things
that you hang on your car in the middle
that's what it is
wow that smells so strong thanks you too
mr. Adam I appreciate that so much
packet number two here you can open it
money what do we have here guys
what did mommy mo get why are you
looking like that why are you looking
like that we will be good
Oh Jenna sizes I am so sorry both mugs
that I can't draw but this is a drawing
of your Mustang so he tried his best to
draw my Mustang and yet I say she's not
that bad thank you so much a
nine-year-old from Singapore sentry
money and an awesome drawing and a
Bugatti thank you Oh letter number three
let's get it oh my god what is what is
this finish it like a stretch is
reckless ever I think this is somebody's
mom writings for them flick the mum had
no idea why I'm know she wrote dear
mister out cold
she thought that basically out close is
where RPO box is guys if you don't know
and she took out code is my name so the
first livestock severe mister alcoves oh
okay
so her son actually made this Rolanda
are you kidding me are you kidding me
that yeah I thought this was worth it
shout out to my mind Nihal this is him
by the way the guy on the airplane so
yeah thank you so much buddy
okay I'm gonna do this packet guys this
is hike it number four it's a pretty big
one but I don't know what it is or you
read there seems to be something inside
the newspaper guys so go ahead and open
this bad boy up
oh my goodness leo
oh my god that is it say it still got
like a rap on it that's like Chinese
this is hand carved into wood do you
guys see that Wow oh my goodness shout
out to the red savvy high fat for
sending that in you my friend are
talented like that is crazy anyways I
thought I'd do a short little melt I'm
not going to open anything else I just
wanted to get the 5050 challenge of our
mind cuz I was young
your mommy read a yo number yo my mom
want to sleep right are you bored of the
vlog I see you I see you she's like
anyways as always more than us say
goodbye to all of you here I hope you've
enjoyed today's long as always we love
you all today was the first day back in
device oh sorry that we were super like
tired we didn't really go out too much
but we would die see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo boner cookies lick right now
what is going on why is her leg around
bubbles neck
