yo yo guys welcome back to another vlog
so today my Papa Joe what's perfect oh
well you're not supposed to be here more
yeah well I'm taking over and I'm gonna
go to the post office you guys are gonna
come with me and you're not gonna see
him anymore I don't know what more hands
down two seats but it's like there you
go we got a Ferrari guys moment of truth
let's see what's in here
dad not that bad actually
a couple of slips so these are actually
packages that we need to collect from
the counter I finally managed to pick up
the boxes I actually had to get some
help bring them inside so this is all
the boxes we got for today guys we've
got one big one there another big one oh
I just lost two of them in the back and
there's one more here so let's get going
something really weird just happened to
my brother's car I was just coming out
of a petrol station and the back of his
car just drifted like crazy like it was
so scary
I feel so scared why's his car dude made
it hopefully her start of the blog was
good guys the doggy she talks like a
full-out retard hopefully today her
communication with you guys is normal
this is I don't know you guys send the
weirdest stuff please don't rip open and
read the letter first so while my sister
was out a package came to the door and
it was her shoes being delivered and
she's making a big deal out of something
so weird
look at this tell them guys look how big
this writing 786 this is not normal
what's wrong with the number 76
you said it's a conspiracy
if you've ever got somebody trying to
contact you with science this is how it
looks like whoa whoa what a sign oh you
call it Stephanie I call Anthony whoa
anyways as you can see boys these are
the shoes that she's been waiting for
the red ones they don't nice they didn't
really really nice conspiracy maybe they
just knew it's me and they just brought
no conspiracy theories conspiracy
theories think about the guy whose
delivery had a pen I all of a sudden he
had a marker at the same time they
decided to switch over Oh
conspiracies I don't know why the hell
they wrote 780 who cares so right now
I'm actually gonna go play a little bit
of basketball granny mow is here as
little as you can see standing next to
the cars honestly she has no idea what
these cars are I told you this last year
when she came when my sister's car was
white she thought it was a Toyota like
now we've explained to her that it's a
Lamborghini but she still has no clue
what they are anyways as I said I'm
gonna play some basketball
I should really want to become good at
it like everybody I play is so good and
I kind of suck and I don't want to be
that guy anymore so right now we're
gonna go learn we're gonna do some
dribbling oh oh so I just made it over
to the basketball court boys I actually
want to try something out I want to try
a backward selfie shot okay so I'm gonna
try and get this in backwards don't
expect much cuz I love you I can't even
hit it straight so let's try this out
three two one
no-no-no
oh my god we deserve that's it boys I'm
the champion when it comes to basketball
that is it
anyways look who's joined us we got Lana
rose
granny mo mummy mo everybody is out here
right now you guys having a picnic god
damn you guys eating next to the people
exercising I see they're trying to New
Year's resolution my sister's new year's
resolution is to put everybody off
exercising I will torture you all by the
way check this out my neighbors wanted
to be on the vlog say what's up what's
up guys and check this out they've got
an adorable dog could Milo and he's got
the cutest jacket ever it says I'm on
Santa's list all the good boy
Lana's the only person I know that comes
with glasses in the same pool what the
hell are you doing
take your damn glasses off my brother is
about to do a stunt for you guys no
YouTube they're just not paying me
anymore so I'm done I don't know he's
gonna try wrong I'll better I'm gonna
throw myself into the water and I would
have drowned no move by the way guys
look at my summer body hey I bet you
guys didn't I can do this then vote no
so it granny milk if you guys do this
you need muscles that can do that I
think it's not okay mom it holding the
camera no no what it's wrong with this
no if somebody doesn't tell these kids
to be quiet I'll go do it yeah I'm
getting good Savage likes double reality
avoid this is how you make kids leave to
sleep okay you dab them to lead away I
never what the hell's going on the girl
cute screaming kidnapped
but you ain't kidnapper you're alone
next thing you know you're like hey you
wanna come out with me
I'm kidnap we're about to perform a very
very dangerous stunt you don't try this
at kids and what that is all June though
you just don't give up on me mo Jenna
kicked me into the war security guys
gonna kick us out man we're gonna kick
him in the war the guys are like mommy
what kind of kick anyways from now on I
write the scene from just waiting for my
grandma and sister to come out the
shower and then we're heading a pole I
took my robe back by the way this is my
robe guys oh all right okay so I could
you want to take a shower off the
swimming session one thing about
swimming it gets you drowsy I don't know
it personally whenever I go swimming
after it I have no energy left like I
honestly I just drowned of my energy you
get you get it drown to fight anyway
this is my jam boys try and say the
first line he says it's so boss
so we just arrived over at the shopping
center I know it's really cool at the
other shopping center they're giving
away a Lamborghini and at this shopping
center over here they're giving away a
BMW light is it like car giveaway season
why I feel like every shopping center is
giving away something right next thing
you know they're giving away a Bugatti
or something so while my grandma mom was
shopping I quickly came outside to see
the cars and look at what car I spoiled
there is a BRABUS 4x4 squared over here
and it looks so cool and again just like
my sister was saying today look at the
coincidence 786 yeah that makes you
really weird now three and two times
today especially after my sister was so
picky on it yo all right so we're just
about to head out of here boys but right
before I left I met one of the sweetest
fans ever and she gave me this keychain
it's an Eiffel Tower keychain and
apparently it's her favorite so I didn't
want to take it which is I know you have
to have it so yeah ah she was so sweet
guys so he decided stop over by this
furniture store because they have the
craziest statues ever look at this first
of all they were Albert Einstein's face
this is normal compared to what else
they have guys they have a bunch of
crazy stuff but they have a horse like
literally a statue of a horse BAM look
at this voice is who what what do you do
with this do you put this in your house
are you kidding me you thought the horse
was weird bamm-bamm
this is like a muscle dog what I'm done
boy this isn't this is the coolest
furniture I've ever seen this is really
really strange but look what they have
in the parking they have a red Ferrari
which is very similar to mine and then
next to it they have a white hurricane I
don't know this this is really strange
guys - my sister has a rockin I have a
Ferrari and then there's like two of
them kind of parked opposite each other
uh a lubricant anyways let me know what
you guys would think about me doing this
to my car you see how it has a black
roof do you think that'd look good on my
car I don't know like I was actually
thinking about doing that but yeah let
me know that it doesn't look cool it
does look cool so we just made it back
home boys I actually want to show you a
couple of things before out today's vlog
because this morning as you saw Lana
went to get the mail and I already
opened the layers just the layers boys
and we actually got a ton of like
Christmas layers so I thought I'd show
you them because some people this is the
first one I got so thank you to you two
for sending me a Christmas card and yeah
it is awesome because I remember when I
was in school like every unit have this
thing where you'd give your friends
Christmas cards and now I kind of feel
like you guys are my friends getting me
Christmas cards everybody open your own
birthday I mean you should everybody
open their Christmas cards let's do this
oh ho ho ho think of my mine's the best
ho ho ho it's velvety yo yo yo ho ho ho
let it snow snow snow what I all these
Christmas cards are from ke ke a I know
not just ke guys kai
Thank You Kai for sending these and
thank you so much we each go a link
mommies is the nicest longer the best
one the last thing I want to show you is
a portrait of my sister that they
brought to the door BAM damn this is
from Kennish thank you so much k sheesh
I like this face that you drew at the
bomb so was that I don't know if that
person just not me that is you not me
daddy not me I one last thing I want to
say this week there's actually a bunch
of stuff that's going to be going on
like really cool stuff I don't want to
say what exactly but just know that it's
about to get lit this week like super
late like literally okay what did I
break one more thing I want to show you
which is kind of awkward is it's really
funny basically you know sometimes your
video
trend on YouTube or like my video
sometimes they go on the trending page
guess what videos on the trending page
now light and I and I don't get many
videos value on the trending page my
grandma's birthday is trending right now
like literally it's under Mariah Carey's
video like the one where she was lip
singing look at this look at this guy's
crazy 99th birthday party and above it
we have a 10 million view video like are
you kidding me no it's even crazier
basically we just got homie no bubbles
like he loves to meow but he's lost his
voice right now like I don't know where
he is but okay listen to this listen to
me out do you hear that he doesn't have
his voice anymore oh I lose you guys
wanna wrap up today's like here I hope
you have enjoyed just another reminder
stay tuned because this week's about to
be crazy starting tomorrow so I'll see
you then by the way don't forget to
subscribe youtube actually is a new
thing now BAM you should be seeing like
a subscribe button here my last video
here if you're not them I don't know
anyways I love you all I'll see you
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo boy
