everyone what is up welcome back to
another video so today we are going to
have another frog mystic day good
morning everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so we're starting out
today's vlog by inhaling the helium from
our balloon oh it's gone oh you sound
like a normal person again hi guys so
basically today we're gonna be using the
helium from our balloons to sing some
songs it usually doesn't know helium is
like what touch you bro we don't need
all the - we got this it makes your
voice not say my name say my name when
no one is around you say baby I love
dicted - the helium guys
I'm so you know we have that wrapped up
really so guys so they we're about to
have an insane day basically yesterday
was our thousand video or thousands so
you already know it's about to get lit
again today stop doing this so write out
why not drop down to the dojo that's
crazy
oh my god all jokes aside welcome back
to another video everybody as I said
today we are starting fresh this is the
1001 blog it is right now we're about to
go have some fun let's start the day
unless just let's go to right now Lana
is about to get on board the Ferrari
what is Lana doing right now bro it's
denting whatsit yo yo you're making it
look like plastic hello how is it on a
room it's not bro
so right now me and the family are
heading out to go do some shopping and
my sister decided to come out in a
separate car like
whoa
Hey
okay so I'm trying to do some sneaker
shopping today and I just found white
sneakers I really like oh my god I like
these because of the design and it kind
of reminds me of the Gucci shoes oh
you're such a fake basically we came to
do some shoe shopping for my sister cuz
guys these are my sister doesn't have
any clean pair of white sneakers so
right now we're looking at these but
look what I just noticed oh oh my god
are you kidding I just realized they
have some like Yeezy look-alikes what
these are like Diamond Jesus look do
your thing do your thing though your
thing okay guys so right now you quickly
came over to the glasses store now
here's the thing you guys always
complain that you want the hold more
vlogs he's back I need to always wear
these glasses on my blogs let you be
every single day and then one day they
got lost or stolen buying them again a
here's the crazy thing guys
you don't know the pool has the exact
same little way we're creating to get
these bad boys I thought I'd let you
know guys because this is just you know
yesterday we had the emotional video
like me back in the day back - oh yeah
okay so here's the thing before I head
out the store guys I found the coolest
glasses ever boom these are portable
reading glasses and whenever you want to
use it down yes
they don't even fool guys they literally
stick to your nose so let's say you like
literally you can just put them in your
pocket and take them out whatever now
whatever you don't want to use them
anymore you just put them inside here
boom I really don't understand my sister
nowadays like bro I know you're dreaming
but like look at the size of that butt
and look at you
those are jeans for like you know slim
girls
my sister's dreaming right now so right
now apparently we're actually gonna be
in for a little magic trick basically oh
this is like a fuel out of a
traditionally please
perfume but didn't we over swea what's
gonna happen now this is a charmer
I guess you choose the incense ah dishes
like perfume
this is made especially for you so this
is like traditional perfume see now you
smell good
now you smell good for once okay I don't
know how this happened guys but somehow
we are in the mall getting my sister to
smell good hey leave me alone yeah I'm
not sure if you guys realize what just
happened they put perfume on my sister
in the form of smoke so they were trying
to make her hair absorb the smoke yeah
so she smells good
right now we just met this awesome yoga
squad guys look at his shoes bring it in
family photo family photo hi guys so
right now we're heading out of the mall
we didn't end up buying much but I'm
happy because I got what I really needed
my glasses back yes right now we're
heading back home
and I actually have something very
special that's happening at my house so
I'll see you guys there
yo guys so right now we are home and
something special is about to happen so
I got my boy my dude what is up and he
is about to fit me up for a custom suit
I'm having made check this out damn this
is black velvet guys so if you guys are
under the loss who I had the one I wore
it low game and everybody he made it
guys so we're gonna get fitted up again
let's do this am i changing now yeah
here you go
your boy is suited and booted right now
guys what can I say
right now we're clearly gonna take some
measurements basically these are
personalized suits pump up William ah so
everything is fitted so right now he's
gonna quickly get like the lost
measurements and stuff guys next time
this suit is going to be mine like to my
shape which is a very odd shape guys
this is crazy you're looks like right
now eh I feel like a million dollars
right now Chang right is it good I told
you it's personalized so right now I'm
quickly just getting all the
measurements done this is a velvet suit
velvet guys
I say like it's a car it's very nice
you're right look at that I told you the
best in the business
hey anyways there you go boys that was
my little suit fitting over there right
now my sister is also getting vid up
guys cuz apparently they have some cool
lady suits as well so let's see Lana is
quickly getting fed up right now are you
ready for a girl student is a girl suit
called a girl suit or just a suit a
woman suit right now I know all of you
might be asking why I'm actually getting
a new suit made honestly guys I'm
getting older okay now I'm not saying
I'm old or anything but I'm getting
older as a person and I feel like if I
were to ever get married or get proposed
I need to start looking like I'm getting
more mature if you know I need a wife
over there now here is the thing guys I
told you two days ago that I'm trying to
exercise as much as I can so right now
I'm actually heading over to science
house and it's time to put in another
workout guys listen 6-pack mo is coming
let's do this guy's
I get so right now we're using the
weight room getting some bicep work
going on guys or grinding it's gonna
take dedication it's gonna take hard
work but man is not hot oh one two three
art was there right now we just finished
up with our gym session oh wait a second
I've got a magic treat for you guys look
at this yeah I got movie boobies I feel
it up yo you know we went in hard and I
can't even speak anymore guys Hayes
right now with a head back home guys
dolls our gym session so yeah adios so
we are finally back home yo my body is
done like my body's about to shut down
we wrap up today's vlog here actually
say honestly for the ball of my heart
thank you guys so much of the support
you guys would be gave me this year I'm
saying this every day but I feel like
you just need to be grateful every day
life life is good
be grateful free I love you guys a lot
of seats more for another epic video
don't forget I'm giving you away three
more phones so if you guys wanna win a
free phone make sure to subscribe and
comment down below I I'll see you guys
war and as always Yolo Yolo
