yeah and what is a welcome to another
vlog since today's officially New Year's
for me and I was like why not start off
the year with a bang so I've got my air
rifle out and today I'm about to shoot
this iPhone right by the way just to put
out there this is fake this is a fake
iphone so no real phones were hurt in
the making of this video let's go ahead
and pop this bad boy out
Oh time to get started are you ready for
this you already know you need to have
some bullets whenever you do this guy's
oh I should put one of these bad boys in
and see how this goes do you think that
this will break the iPhone yes
definitely we're gonna go ahead and
Senna tape this bad boy up guys right
here that's gonna be our new target the
bullseye is the iPhone today the
bullseye is the iPhone no playing around
bringing it straight into this Kanda
iPhone survive if I miss I could break
my camera so I don't want to do that
straight boy yeah I think I hit it I
think I hit y'all the bullet is stuck in
there
the bullet is inside he the bullet is
inside yo do you see that oh no guys do
you see that the bullet is legit stuck
in the phone round two baby let's see I
want to get the bullet through the phone
so we're gonna keep shooting until we
get it oh my god
thorn find a baby oh oh three two it
hasn't gone through it still has welcome
to the phone are you kidding me
same thing the bullets are getting stuck
here I have never seen an iPhone take
two bullets like this so we have to go
again made in China doesn't mean it's
bad it means it's stronger that means
it's longer this iPhone is strong I
think I missed
no if this is not dead now I give up
oh it went through it was can you hear
that
yeah oh it's something I think is the
bullet oh my god
this is harder than it looks to break
open whoa oh oh oh that's the bullet do
you see that what that tiny thing is the
bullet now so today is where all the New
Year celebrations are going on in Dubai
I'm gonna try and do my best to show you
everything that's going on without being
there okay basically what I'm trying to
tell you is I'm gonna steal everybody's
footage and put it into this vlog so I
told you again if you sees like some
shots that are from news channels I did
not record them but I'm gonna put them
in for your entertainment today so okay
so the other day I had a little idea
which I want to try out and I'm not sure
if this is gonna work but let's give it
a shot anyway so I've got some popcorn
here I want to see what happens if I add
food dye to it like will it pop out blue
or will nothing happen I'm pretty sure
nothing's gonna happen but let's give it
a shot I'm gonna try my best on you add
a little bit whoo whoa so here you go
this is the blue popcorn soul let's see
anything happen to put into our popcorn
machine over here I feel like I'm
Mythbusters right now will the popcorn
come out popping blue or not duh duh duh
let's quickly put this on top and yeah
let's see what happens boy come on for
the sake of science do something a cape
Lee's
that they're all coming oh well there
you go boys that is the popcorn I mean
it's a little bit blue but now that's
what you call a fail boys that is what
you call a fail popcorn overflow popcorn
overflow
yo yo yo alright so right now everybody
is ready we're about to head out to go
to my friend's place we're having a
family barbeque night so let's go let's
get it and yeah I hope there's no
traffic cuz if there is we're doomed
guys we're quickly stopping by the cake
store to get a few years cake guys so
let's go alright here we are boys this
is nice this is really nice
oh I think we're gonna get this now this
is the cake banging banging do you see
that oh look at that cake boys all right
let's go let's go let's go
so check it out we just made it over to
our friends house and this place looks
really really cool it's my first time
over here look at this this is just like
their front garden area I love like big
finish guys I know everybody does but it
just looks so cool and then once you
come down here take a whole like gateway
I don't even know what you call it it's
like a hallway and it looks so so cool
but yeah this is awesome they're just
like having dinner right now so I'm
going to go here as well and look at
this tree pool area
yeah son they're like a whole jacuzzi
soup over here no vlogging allowed
really bra really blah oh yeah I'm sorry
I'm blogging I'm so hurt as I quickly
came inside and you I loved about the
station it is so open like is literally
an open space and if you see on the wall
over here they've literally got like a
bike over here which is awesome but even
cooler look at this corner boys look
there's literally a gun collection oh my
goodness I'm not sure if these are real
but that looks amazing so right now
we're on the roof and the fireworks have
just started
oh my god
oh my god
God what oh my god what is going on what
is that like a spiral anyways there you
go voice those are the fireworks
absolutely crazy they're still going on
somewhere in the background oh sure if
you guys can see it but Wow anyways we
just made it back down from the roof
pretty awesome firework show over here
and yeah no matter no my boy here is
gonna do a magic trick really he's gonna
make appear from behind I don't know
look at me I get lucky look in the
camera when I do it I didn't get it I
didn't get it though Oh check it out
their helicopter going above us today oh
my goodness
wait are you stealing this or something
I don't even know whose it is or what I
love about this area what all the doors
are open I can go into their neighbors
action I don't think you want to do I
think this is this is their bears as
well oh no oh oh so beautiful oh my god
ma don't you dare Maw Maw stay back stay
back
chu chu aye sir no mommy even I'm
getting scared that you're doing that
stupid yeah this is my parking spot now
ba now she can't get you know he was
doing this car he was trying to he was
gonna crash your card she going oh my
god moment
you guys see me together
what is more doing guys oh my gosh
please don't don't don't do this more it
is not but I get out the road get out
the road guys yo yo I swear I gonna hit
you the cars gonna hit you guys you're
in the middle of the road we're sorry
we're sorry he were sorry for now we
just finished our friends house boys
we're gonna head off home and yeah we
just had a nice chillax day over here if
you're wondering why I look super super
white it's because of these lights okay
this is the only lighting I could find
so I look like a chalkboard right now by
the way if you didn't already see my
friends game in the gt-r Liberty walk
this is one loud car it's girly 3 a.m.
boys we got stuck in so much traffic I
didn't even vlog it but the New Year's
traffic is something like on another
level like they closed the roads like
that's how bad is look at my eyes the
red that's how long we've been stuck in
traffic for 249 so it's 10 minutes to
3:00 in the morning
Wow the first thing I'm doing in the
year 2017 is buying milk Akutan somebody
was over there so I just met home from a
very very long day as you can see boys
but before I say goodbye I want to do
something that I've always wanted to do
and I've never done this in any other
past new year or anything I want to set
some goals for myself this year set some
goals that I can actually achieve and I
want to write them down I'm gonna write
all of them down on this piece of paper
boys and this year I want to get these
five things done okay so yeah let me
show you what I want to get done mm and
17 the let me run through with you guys
what I want to do this year so as you
saw BAM
don't take anything I've ran here like
out of proportion in case so let's get
straight into this and I'll tell you
what I mean so the first thing is I want
to buy a house this year now when I
write buy a house I don't mean I want to
buy a mansion or anything that could
literally be a one-bedroom apartment but
I just want to have something for myself
guys and I've written a bunch of other
stuff I want to do so I want to be able
to have four million subscribers and
channel I know you guys can do that so
that is like a realistic goal I mean who
knows it could be hard but we can do
this boys I want to take care of myself
that's a must guys I set the bond that's
like the most important then we have
clothing you guys know I always want to
do clothing and finally something I just
chucked out there which I always really
want to do I want to have my own
business I want to start a business now
don't say what business is it more I
don't know I don't know I'm just putting
this out there so here you go boys that
is my to-do list for 2017 I really
recommend you guys doing it as well like
write down things that you can actually
achieve it yeah I don't you guys writing
I want to buy for Bugattis like I didn't
even write down mindless guys like it
could happen but it's very unlikely so
yeah just write yourselves a little plan
that you guys want to do and trust me if
you set your mind to anything you can do
it anyways as always boys I'm gonna wrap
up today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed I'm gonna go to sleep for now
it's like 4:00 a.m. when we're still all
awake ba guys I just want to say don't
take this year for granted like just go
out there hustle work hard and get to
where you want to be and yeah that's it
man just stay awesome I love you all
I'll see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo boy but
