this is my song this is my song yo yo yo
everyone what is up welcome to another
vlog so today is my grandma's birthday
so me my mom are quickly heading out to
get the last couple of things we're
gonna get the cake the balloons yadda
yadda yadda so first things first I'm
actually gonna go get my beard done
because at the moment it's a mess so be
right back
I like big beards and I came out live
you love her mother skansen I don't
wanna do Roxy with an itty bitty chin
and a bushy singing on his skin you want
what whoa all right so I'd you just saw
boys I just had my beard shaved there
looking like a fresh man first things
first we got some cards but the coolest
thing is look at this this is like a
bottle party popper like this whole
bottle is a party popper guys so that is
in say so we're in the cake shop right
now boys and look at what they have
their own buncha cake
we're actually gonna get this cake right
here guys it's like literally the most
colorful cake you could ever imagine I
think to complete the cake we need to
get some candles boys so why not write
her a joke a mummy oh yeah here we go
99 if I write let you kill me Oh check
it out that looks amazing
I like that cake cake cake cake cake as
you can see we managed to get the cake
we got everything now so we're gonna
head off home we're actually going to a
Indian restaurant for my grandma's
birthday so this place apparently has
like cool live music so yeah it should
be pretty hyped out there wow that looks
gorgeous you know it's funny guys the
inside of this cake you would imagine to
be like fruit and vegetable and crazy
stuff no it's a chocolate cake it's a
chocolate and vanilla cake on the inside
and on the outside it's like crazy
rainbow colors so yeah
hey popping bottles today look what's on
the door Oh fan art I can't read the
signature but thank you come come come
come come let's go so while my grandma
is still upstairs we thought why not get
everything ready so check it out we got
the balloons is that it three balloons
we have more the such a broke birthday
party birthday decoration this is harder
than it looks Oh y'all Oh No I swear I
don't know how to do it boys let me know
if there's any of you in the comment
section that's still don't have time oh
I know why I don't want to bring her
downstairs the last thing we need to do
is quickly put the candles on the cake
so let's go ahead and do that let's get
it all right how many candles do we need
read about ninety-nine one for every
year such a savage other is this quickly
put this on to light it up
the birthday to you so you already know
what it is boys time to slice the cake
we just really granny Maud popping
bottles out here popping bottles you
ready know what it is all right it's
time for gifts now so mine is this one
no this is mine I got this no no I got
this
do you even know what it is Oh check it
out your boy moe thank you what that was
my gift that was my gift everyone I
literally bought this on the vlog
yesterday dolla dolla dolla cut peace
art we are here so there you go as you
can see we made a little bit of a mess
but right now we're heading over to the
Indian restaurant so let's go turn up
let's do it it's my birthday it's my
birthday
hey so here we are boys as you can see
we just made it over to the hotel where
are we going mo and from old everybody
ever everything you already know what it
is
Wow oh my goodness we're just entering
this place but look at the decorations
wow this is amazing so I do have to save
their pen you get those pretty really
cool check it out oh my god this is such
a fancy menu boys see down I'm waiting I
want it to go down brats
it's about to go down
member
so my sister just got a drink and I
don't even know what you cool that is
crazy
no I thought she was about to fall over
yet is it that was the first contestant
we have two more contestants up next no
I met and then is your hormone I'm gonna
run away bitch are you go you have a
dress all right quickly came outside
that craziness guys inside there it's
like a disco literally like a disco but
I came outside to show you this place
one more time it's like a throne out
here and as soon as you go in damn look
you can see the show going on in there
they still don't see me I don't know how
they are so its energy anyways for now
we're gonna order our food 1 bigotry
look at the glosses they have my golden
floss 3 ends or stars just going here
boys were having like a little flare if
you can see so check it out it's like an
orca bat flyer yo this is my Sawyer this
is my song
so my sister's favorite dish just got
here we have some buttered chicken you
already know what it is boys and this is
buttered bread by the way if it looks a
bit shiny that's more oil that's bar so
we just finished eating or food boys as
you can see they cleared the table so
you already know what's about to come
next okay little surprise surprise she
happy when in real time and there you go
boys for now we're heading out of your
small little birthday celebration over
here it was actually really cool like
there's a lot of dancing going on if you
guys saw all right time to go home boys
shout out to her she organized
everything today let's go let's go let's
go oh we almost killed the birthday girl
Oh check it out whoa there's another one
in front of it Oh Scott goes rolling
Wow check it oh yeah
Thank You Gigi our granny oh you thank
you the peasant Ella now that we're home
it's officially time to have the first
slice of Gala nobody's even touch this
guy's what does it say it says happy
birthday granny mo no it says grandma
you say Z so this is the aftermath of
that huge party popper boys that was one
big party popper it did not disappoint
me before I say goodbye to you today I
want you guys to try and see if you can
find spongebob okay I saw this optical
illusion on Instagram I couldn't do it
but my sister got it with like 10
seconds so I want to see if you guys can
do it like her guys okay so here you go
can you spot spongebob in this bow okay
take a good look around boys that's all
you get let me know if you found him as
always boys I'm gonna wrap up today's
Loki I hope you have enjoyed by the way
happy new everybody I can't wait to see
what goes down this year like 2016 was a
crazy year so 2017 is not looking good
my friends it's not looking good as
always I'll see you tomorrow
I love you all yalla yalla boy
