we found an Aventador oh yeah and what
is that welcome to another vlog for
today we're actually getting kicked out
for a hotel room and I know that sounds
funny but we actually only booked like
three days when we were coming here we
weren't sure when we're going back so
we're changing hotels I actually never
did a hotel room tour and I thought
sintra is such a beautiful place I want
to show you the room guys first of all
we have three beds next to each other
very spacious odar oh yeah who booked
this hotel that's my question
look mommy booked this hotel mummy are
we going to a nicer hotel right now yeah
so by hotel room we'll see you again
soon one day that wasn't worth it let me
have it open it open it open it
all right let's leave this hotel oh wait
did you missed it about 2,000 years
later so we just made it over to the
next hotel boys whoa
this base looks so much cooler guys
right I think somebody was trying to
stop their way outside of there oh my
god who are they trying to do mommy it
is a five-star one now I you know what I
completely take that back this place
actually has a really nice big we're on
top of the world right now we've
definitely upgraded we have an ice what
the hell are you doing wrong guys
there's an ice machine in the hallway a
lot of light cheering ice let's go guys
oh look you guys before they kick us out
of this hotel now alright so we just
made it over to the new hotel room BAM
we upgraded guys we upgraded yeah we're
going to do a small little house tour
for you guys the boss room yeah yeah
yeah yeah the maze yeah we got some cuts
guys complimentary get ice you put that
you take that with you Vin de corazon
anyway this is the new hotel room guys I
hope you like it a little bit better
when you quickly edit my video and we're
gonna head out to have an awesome date
let's do this whoa okay so I quickly
finish taking a shower about to head out
right now but you know I told you that
the other room we were in had a bad hair
dryer look at the one over here
what it sounds like there's a whole
mower in the house I think this is gonna
blow up yummy chicken I need to get a
hairdryer I need to go out right now
they say London Bridge is falling I say
to you cable man Eric Foner web South
they love go home so we just made it
over to Harrods right now boys I'm super
excited to check it out we literally
just made it here and there's like a
show going on already yo this guy he's
good so I'm coming to the Harrods right
now and I want to show you guys the
world's most expensive perfume oh my god
over here is going to explain it to you
guys so this is the bottle and how much
does it go for it that's more than $60
250,000 pounds hell yes Wow I can't
million instead over a million in terms
that we all cut up over a million is
that that is more than my Ferrari in
that bottle right now guys so why are
you why well basically this is the
world's most expensive engine this part
like in the Guinness Book squad
no simple make and 7 look for what is
only 3 available the moment so can I
have a sample so if you're wondering who
I'm with at the moment Harwich with I
will my boy Andy right now you're
showing me around so he brought me
downstairs
and they have Princess Diana's wedding
ring I'm not even kidding it's a fully
diamond ring it BAM
check that out guys what so apparently
I'm not sure how legit this is he says
this is like the real thing that is
actually really crazy have so many cool
things in Harrods and they have like
their picture over there whoa
so me and my boy Andy came over to the
shoe department and he showed me this
shoe these are like cool janaki's or
something these are 1,500 pounds they'll
eat treat look at them that is gold
snakeskin very cool no honestly me and
Allie found the most crazy shoes over
here let me know your opinion on these
check it out boys the broader limited
edition flip-flops guys and I don't know
what's worse the flipper game or these
so we quickly left Howard's to come and
do a little bit of course spotting
around the area a look at these guys I
don't even know what car that is Oh
buddy this is like a BRABUS marker I
don't even know no by the way check that
out guys there's actually a green
Bentley there and it's from Dubai it's a
divine play Bentley in London yeah I
think he followed me from the bye guys
we found another ridiculous smart car
right now I don't know what this one was
trying to do I'm pretty sure he was
trying to knock the car in front of him
whoa look at that barking what is up
with London in the smart cars I see
another one another one so my boy Annie
brought me over to something I didn't
even know existed
apparently bugatti has a clothing store
are you kidding me look they have
bugatti shoes in their damn
notationally really nice shoes anyways
let's get back to hired man i actually
want to show you how it looks like right
now the whole of herod is lit up and it
looks crazy like insane things this is
what I meant when I said the whole of
hair just lay up right now that is crazy
we found an Aventador
check it out we hit the jackpot boys so
I'm not sure you guys can see this the
bunny is actually snakeskin what that is
the craziest thing I've ever seen in my
life like look at it guys that is so
weird
what it's a snakeskin aventador go let's
go gold wheels oh my god this is
ridiculous if your gold rose gold brake
callipers that is insane if it's the
best
no I swear this is the only thing I've
never seen the device okay a Maybach
just rolled up right now are you kidding
me we have a Maybach an Aventador one
else what else can we wait for the guy
with the gold Ferrari is going to come
in like one hour so hopefully we'll get
to see him on today's vlog as well and
that's it we're done we've just showed
like the entire rich population of
London and one video
right now we actually came to the top
floor of Paris and they have such cool
decorations over here now my man Annie
was explained to me basically the old
owner of Harrods was Egyptian so that's
why they have all these decorations and
just look at it for yourself guys like
this is so cool it's the closest thing
you're going to get to going to Egypt in
like a tomb I honestly look so amazing
that is crazy guys look down whoa okay I
do not want to fall down there but that
is really cool so since we're here in
Harrods would I want to go around and do
some shopping and we came over to the
like store check this out but this is
the coolest entrance to a shop that I've
ever seen they've literally made like
wings out of all the shoes oh look at
these mannequins yeah well either so
acrobatic grand also retailers of this
area and they have the most insane
elevators ever check this out one this
is crazy
I feel like I'm in a safe like a bank
vault or something you know what I mean
only inherent it doesn't look like it's
safe that at all i feels like it's too
heavy
yeah looks like collapsing check out
what just ready to hear bail you mean
Lambeau back oh and ER so the golden
Rory just made it out boys wow wow wow
wow this is a beauty so who owns it your
time he's like a champion kickboxer damn
undefeated kickboxer you don't want to
mess with this car you don't want to
mess with his guard
yeah this is such a beautiful car like
what I see look at it guys like Wow
and you know with the rain on it looks
like it's got golden dust on it you know
so we quickly went in said hi to the
owner of this gold Ferrari and you
really know man the plug Ali came
through check it out he's got the keys
hey let's do a little tour of this car
wow wow wow wow it's got a red into
here we're done we're done anyways
amazing amazing car I can't say any more
about it just look at it the interior is
so perfect guys daddy Corral any reason
would for now I'm going to cool it a rat
with my boy Andy thank you so so much
Mansell this guy is the plug guys we're
gonna say goodbye to him goodbye to the
gold Ferrari guys make sure to show them
some love from now on your name on the
vlog it's the plug Andy okay the London
plug anyways for now we're heading out
guys your story no was it go
