yeah everyone what is not welcome today
- in London so right now we're all awake
or ready to go out so let's go and have
an amazing day
one thing I want to show you before we
head out for hotel room our hotel room
actually has a very unique hairdryer it
actually sucks it's this thing on the
wall right here and basically this is
how it works it's barely even what this
is so bad oh that's amazing
the one thing I find really interesting
about London there's always some nice
going by like literally all the time
oh we finally made it over to our
destination boys where I like the Covent
Garden and this place is really really
cool behind my sister I don't know what
that is
but it looks like a museum looking
things I don't even know why it's so
dark in London it's literally five
o'clock by in Dubai the Sun is still
eyes this time if it looks like it's
night trust me it's not because I still
work on my - by timing okay it's early
in the morning for me right now anyways
we're going to go around this area they
have like a lot of marketplaces whoa
look at this why did we even come here I
don't know my mom I mean your mom your
my mom said it's not a mummy said come
here Eli let's go so look at this van
that they have over here it's got like a
huge silent light above it I think this
is for like a TV station or there could
be some spies in there one of the two
even their windows are covered oh yeah
wait what are you kidding me
yeah there's definitely something dodgy
going on in there so he found a really
cool place over here it's a James Bond
exhibition and the man himself
is over here wow this is so realistic
it's crazy stuff in here
all right here is noise that is crazy is
that a Rolex that is you'll burn Esther
runic okay
there's a real Rolex on the time I don't
know who would be a good idea to put a
Rolex on this hand I don't know that's
really is the Rolex real in his hand
oh I feel it's real we're in unknown
territory right now
I mean power are we know I think this is
the fear guys look through there whoa
that is antsy inside probably waiting
mr. Brasher hi so we found this really
cool souvenir shop look of a cell he's
so police that's over here there you
have the right to press the like button
if you don't that's the guy you met the
guy imagine when you're meeting you you
won't like this well you want to be like
yo I'm you are you you know I just found
something really cool they have your
poopy emoji in a bag see you wanted to
go school with a boobie backpack you're
gonna be the shit India oh my guy
instead of the high ends up getting a
London lighter guys Sam okay I literally
just bought myself a souvenir
the lighter doesn't even work are you
kidding I promise you I did not do
anything but there's some sort alarm
going off be honest did you steal did
you feel some you robbed the bank is
somebody robbed the bank a firearm we're
getting closer to the robbery it's a
bank
no I think something happened in that
bank guys but I don't know
all right somebody actually robbed the
bank I have nothing to do with a guy a
minister literally freezing outside and
decided to stop to eat boys I got myself
a chocolate milkshake
anyways the food just got your voice
check it out I am I'm having myself a
margherita pizza
so before et we're creating to go to the
toy that went on that it's scary so
let's see guys whoa look Izzy who puts a
toilet in the basement like why do you
have to go underground pressure yeah
oh my god that's the kitchen I think I
think I'm gonna let you go on your own
now I'm gonna stand outside I was argued
I'll guard you all right she came out
finally a she's alive I don't know if
it's just the fact that we're in London
but we're choosing to explore the most
random places ever check this out
whoa I think we should get out of here
before we get robbed I just don't like
four guys down there I'm not going down
there
I'm not about to get behind all negative
semen to blend in just blending or I
pretend like you're one of them like who
is not
Gallery I went there when I was at
school here that must be my 20 years ago
okay anyways check it out this is what
it is boys I have to be honest this
place look so nice Wow look at it yeah
you know what I love look at the
instructions on the little pond no entry
as if I'm just gonna enter the war like
really really you have to put that down
ah come on police I think I'm shut down
the show you kidding me we're having a
nice show policeman yo I haven't
experienced this is a long time it's
actually raining right now all right
give us I'm Brenna with me we need to
sit sharing is caring
all right it's sharing if I have it the
National what is this place but in my
gallery the national gallery is closed
right now so we can't even go inside one
last thing I want to show you over here
they have the biggest slums up in the
world look at that one and don't forget
to press like or your thumbs gonna
become that very good it might be no she
wasn't
that must be pretty pie right there he
gets the most likes 1 million likes
right now what billion like you're
actually passing by Buckingham Palace
right now I didn't even know we were
coming here hey that's so cool the Queen
is somewhere in there
alright so we just made a back over to
our hotel voice the thing is my friends
from London are coming to see me right
now these are my friends that were with
me from day one
get the hell outta here would you see
like my other friends are in Union they
didn't even come visit me so I don't
know my friends anymore that's it we're
going to the Executive Lounge right now
oh wow people working for you don't mean
it like T breakfast and cocktails or
something whoa check it out quite nice
it's like a very posh place all right
we're leaving renovations quickly Lana
get out of there what is she doing in
there they don't want me bad no look you
don't swing for that don't look make it
reboot so here you go boys that's a
swimming pool as you can see it's empty
at this angle so yeah whoa oh my God
look at that
alright so my friends just made it here
we're quickly going to go down and see
what they're up to I haven't seen them
and maitre d like two years now
so right now I currently shame outside
because my friend said there's a Ferrari
out here and he was a lying there's
actually an s12 year
thank you notice how quickly it looks
like James new car a new car now that is
what you call a beast guys this is my
London French guys I love them man you
guys the boss is there Kerry man you
guys came in that right say yes say yes
for the video I'm gonna raise I have to
quickly come outside and admire my
friends car guys as you can see this is
legit his car so right now we're
actually heading over to Nando's
Jonathan and OH sponsored you already
know they pay me say they're so right
now we're getting our drinks boys check
it out how can you have no ice another
hope you have no eyes look at me
your breath is hot a couple moments
later all the food is finished obviously
the white guy has an A is food he got B
are you kidding me we actually forgot
Rena at home and my mum's using a
different strategy she's soaking the
rain with the tissue what that is I
going to do it literally does nothing I
want to show you what car spoiling is
like in the UK guys
sizes are the owner kids knowledge a
okay I was about to show you this BMW
but the owner just came so we should
such a big it the gonna carry is in a
camera it's not looking at me we got a
Mercedes out out to the yo-yo squad or
some guys you watch the videos I five
man I appreciate that
BAM first people I met in London so you
guys are also so check it out this chord
that were in actually has a grassroots
guys so we actually got pretty nice me
if you can see let me roll all the fog
if you just ignore the range I mean just
fuckin you can see the moon someone we
literally made it back to the hotel and
just to prove to you guys that that car
is my friends the car is still here
and so are my friend so it must be that
here's the keys are legacy yo honest so
state look at those Ferrari keys yeah hi
baby
I don't need to cost by number one
tomorrow so for now my friends are
heading out guys sad moment right now
nananananana
I get out get out get out and go it
you'll be run into the jack for right
now look at what we found in the parking
ban yeah that is one nice car that is a
beauty right there
Oh anyways all jokes aside my friends
are actually heading out right now so
peace out guys until next time I'll see
you on Saturday guys peace peace
okay I can't that children so now that
we're back in the hotel relax you to do
something and I'm only doing this for
the sake of a vlog okay so if it goes
wrong I'm only doing it for the video so
in my hand I have a five-pound note and
I've heard that these are indestructible
let's see I write have you seen any
videos I'm doing people trying to rip
any apparent car if it oh I swear you
cannot rip it hey wood is like the
carbon fiber on money correct one rule
five pound oh my sister's gonna try and
rip the five pound no okay yeah yeah go
for it you got it is plastic it's
actually works a lot these are rare I
don't know why they gave it to us yeah
your money collection then cut the
puppet George okay so I want to quickly
change into my pajamas right now eyelash
you're gonna wrap up today's vlog here
the thing is now that I'm in London I
feel like I can be lazy but I can still
look good it's technically different you
know what I'm heating so there's like a
lazy vlog now that I'm here
by the way in one or two days I'm going
to announce the winner of the laptop
giveaway so if you haven't already
entered make sure to subscribe to enter
for the laptop giveaway or you can click
here to subscribe click here to watch my
last video if you haven't already that
was like the private jets I should not
learn online and yeah as always I'll see
you guys two more stay awesome
Yolo Yolo bye so
