yeah everyone good morning a welcome to
our first day in London so he just woke
up after a long long night boys and
right now we're about to go have some
breakfast honestly it feels so weird
being back in London so he just made it
downstairs over to the breakfast guys
we're going to quickly eat up and head
out of here you know it's really cool
look at this they literally have an egg
with eggs in it
that is so weird we managed to find our
section guys we found them a set of ways
so we just left the hotel we're now in
the street it is so cold here you know
what I told you it's coated divine now
this is completely different
we're doing a little bit of exploring at
the moment guys just to check out
everywhere this place looks really cool
those where you can see that I'm
actually crying from the cold and
they're like a lake over here yeah right
now are on our way so we just made it
here guys the YouTube office is ready to
go
let's do this whoa whoa look at this hey
they go to Caspar Lee over here guys 6.8
million fans
oh man I'm 2 million I'm almost there
I'm almost there all right let's go
outside let's do a sloppy guys look at
this YouTube space so check it out boys
look who we ready to order - so we've
made into the Gaeta face there is a ton
of youtubers over here and I had no idea
so if you see behind sigan I'm going to
try and stop somebody launders with
another youtuber no way I'm not
recording them basically there's a jerk
with sniper with my shit like watches
are like crazy they're talking right now
over there there's a ton of youtubers on
this side it's youtuber heaven right now
actually what I found out is because we
already agreed to this video go get
something we found out it's so cool
basically to get into here you need 2
min
10k subscribers if you want to record a
video here you need the minimum of 100k
and if you get a million then they pay
you to be here an hour so check it out
guys this is the girl I wanted to show
you bail
we have my paroles in the building you
don't know how much of a fan she is like
this is just it's weird seeing in real
life you know like we watch your videos
and now she's here alright now we are so
sorry Rosa the coolest guy on YouTube
for now we're going to go take a little
tour around the YouTube space you
already know what it is guys Wow
so this is how youtubers make their
videos so cool it's like I'm gonna put
like five woman around you right now BAM
clickbait and now we're gonna have
positive money around him advertisement
guy thank you guys YouTube pays meets
David alright we're going to the next
one guy so this is where youtubers edit
guys Wow can't you see the work that
goes into YouTube videos it's insane
now we're going downstairs this is what
goes down in the YouTube studios
differences right now my brother's doing
a photo shoot
okay so finally I'm gonna be on like the
youtuber of all the favors I don't know
oh boy let's see me picking modeling
work it modeling I don't judge another
one there you go it's official
Lana vlogs as far YouTube right now lot
of lugs so he just came over to like the
roof guys and oh my goodness look at the
view you get from the Google offices BAM
now that is insane we're on top of the
world right now
where I literally on top of the world
you see up for anything
I used to live there this is so crazy oh
my goodness wow they have tanning beds
in London guys how efficient three years
ago so we literally just finished eating
and look at how they take away your
place guys what they have the crazy
system ever so you just put your dirty
plates there and it goes back into the
kitchen down check it out I know I've
been telling you about how amazing the
offices are here but honestly like it's
such a cool environment I even look at
the stairs they have over here it's like
a maze like the stair goes up that way
around it's so cool guys what that is
insane I'm gonna take you guys down the
leap of faith long willis here right now
look at me again now that are back down
in the YouTube space they actually have
a really cool screen which I never
showed you they like a bunch of YouTube
videos running right here guys finally
now I can only mean one time we clearly
came back into the green screen room
we're just doing a little bit of dancing
guys for now I think it's time to leave
so let's get out of here there you go
malas was here this is where my photo
goes a little goodbye YouTube goodbye
we're actually heading out to do a
little bit of sightseeing and psychons
uber literally got here within seconds
in an s-class what one now we're waiting
for our cheap uber I see over there
are you kidding me - I got the cheap
ubers are taking a long time maybe we
might feel Thea
so right now we're actually heading over
to the Tower Bridge we want to do a
little bit of sightseeing so hopefully
we can make it there while the Sun is
still up all right we just made it over
to the bridge check it out oh wow
we made it we made it whoa he's gonna
cost us it is so cool
for on the bridge right now by the way I
want to show you one of the coolest
things over here the buildings are
actually in the war look at that
that building starts from the war that
is insane look the stairs go into the
water that is insane Wow we clearly came
over to the other side of the bridge
this side has a much cooler view guys
check that out and right now we found
out you can go to the top of the ridge
and they have like a platform of glass
up there so we're gonna be up there
whooshing ogloc that's crazy all right
we got a ticket boys time to go up let's
do this alright check it out we're
creating over to the gloss of you bang
out check this out as you can see we're
all the way up we're gonna go try and
find the gloss floor right now so in
another month I think you have to walk
across it
hello oh my goodness oh my god are you
kidding me blada
at the time just I go go check it out my
sister is on there right now can we not
give it this is so weird how does it
feel to be walking on glass my mom is
like sliding across the side Oh oh my
God look at that
can we go please no this is so crazy
it's like people I'm gonna go I want to
go just straight I guess no those are
real cars under you I get up get up okay
this is dangerous now this is dangerous
it's like a guy's chest are you ready
are you ready are you ready check this
out guys okay we finished on the bridge
right now apparently the engine rooms
are a little bit of a walk that way so
we're going to go check it out you know
like when you have in those movies like
the Titanic how they made the engine run
they put coal and stuff that is
apparently how they make this bridge
open and close we're going to go check
out what engines they have maybe it's
like a v10 v12 you know does wait what
are you kidding me all right we're
taking a lift guys wish us luck oh this
looks unsafe so we just made it over to
the engine room check this place out Wow
oh my goodness this is an engine it
looks like a bank vault or something oh
this is where they used to put this
whole whoa yeah that's so weird
I feel like we're exploring today oh
we're doing the most random exploring
ever right now what is that that is so
cool this is insane now that is what you
call an engine you thought your
Lamborghini had a big engine nah man the
bridge has a big engine I think this is
what they used to use to repair the
engine
look at the size of this is we're going
to say goodbye to the Titanic engines
over here man oh the hell is those guys
look we found like a secret place down
there
what that is crazy there's no entry I
think there's something they don't have
to see down there I want to I want to go
down birthday hello to my little plan
okay b-52 we're officially saying
goodbye for the whole place guys goodbye
to the engine for now let's go buh-bye
buh-bye this is so weird
right now we're walking next to a castle
you guys are doing right there is real
literally next to a real-life castle we
can go
I see people moving in there but it says
stop so how do they get in there Wow
imagine I can just I feel like I'm a
lord of the Rings right now they're just
gonna start shooting us with arrows
because I did tracewski you know I just
realize what my sister said gonna be a
dragon in that you're the cost of all
talking mouth this is how you enter it
check that out guys I'm not sure if you
can see that there's a military people
down there did you see that they hello
to my little friend
I check it out we finally got my son
boys safe
let me show you the decoration they have
to hide my sister whoa look at that wall
it's like a wall applause okay so we
just made a hole boys as you can see all
right go home I'm into the hotel room
now we're gonna wrap up today's look
here I hope you've enjoyed if you didn't
make sure to smash alike if you haven't
already guys stay tuned for the London's
adventures make sure to subscribe down
below or you can click right here my
sister space to subscribe right over
here any other words I love you all
click here to watch my last videos and
yeah y'all y'all know bye
