what everybody welcome to another vlog
the whole house is in panic mode
if you can't see we're removing
everything move oh no my grandma's
coming today I didn't tell you guys what
basically we're cleaning up the whole
house guys the furnitures getting here
if she comes and sees our house is a
mess we all about to die so check it out
guys the sofas finally made it here
they're in this truck so yes they are at
our house today they're gonna quickly
just take them off the truck and bring
them inside you know I love look how
they've been packaged guys like it
literally like sealed in this white
piece of material like damn new sofas
new sofas that is the Big Daddy of the
sofas there except from that white
material there's also boxes as on it
thing is heavenly package it has foam
there's bubble wrap there's everything
so they're just really putting
everything inside and opening a soul I'm
gonna stay out of their way for now guys
or once everything is done I'll show you
BAM check it out boys this is the new
mold blogs house I hope you like it
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam blah
yo this is crazy guys tell me this is
not a house transformation is this whole
place has changed now my new house guys
a and then we have these that's a sheep
no bad lined up we got the Versace the
Gucci and then we got the 1 pound store
in the 1 pound store I think my cats are
getting a little bit too comfortable
with these luxury sofas look at her look
at her guys she's giving me a bad look
like why you say Harry do you think she
always the couch give me my damn pillow
back bra ha ha ha I want to show you
guys something who we just found out
apparently if I unlocked my car and
opened the door bubbles loves going into
my car so let's test it out you go
inside you go inside he's gonna follow
you he doesn't like me he don't follow
he's gone guys such a betrayer who you
are my friend Raul is that so I clearly
got ready because I'm actually heading
out right now but since I've already
shown you our living room this is what
we've done to our kitchen guys check it
out it is now whole the kitchen is now
our fun room you've got the boxing bag
the bike
everything is just chucked in the corner
of the kitchen guys so yeah right now
I'm actually heading out with the
Ferrari and there's actually a reason
for it I'm probably dropping the car off
now for a couple of days and I'm telling
you from now so in case it goes missing
you're not like mo what is the cargo I
don't want any more drama like last time
so the reason I'm actually dropping it
off is I think I might be getting all
great as soon as I start vlogging
somebody starts screw driving over there
anyways I like me dropping you off to
get punished guys I'm not sure exactly
what you call it it's not fun yo guys
come on I'm trying to vlog over here
anyways as I was saying I think I might
be getting like you know when they put
like a thin coat of see-through I think
it's good coating I'm
I mean coating the car so that way kind
of protects the paint and everything so
let's go and drop off this car to check
it out guys I just dropped off my
Ferrari I'm about to head out of here
but look who I ran into over here BAM we
got the man siding over here I didn't
even know he was gonna be here honestly
I cannot say sigan what but I just found
out about something I don't want to
spill anything guys but big things
coming okay and when I say big guys like
Norma if I sing big alone it's cool but
when he's involved in I say big just
know just know guys just know so you're
gonna be seeing something crazy soon who
knows I might be a world wide news and
yeah I'll see you guys very soon with
something special guys just just know
just know something I she didn't tell
you the reason my grandma's here we
actually surprised her with this trip
it's her birthday this week so that's
why she's here guys we about to turn it
up we've got ya we're gonna be poppin
bottles ahead let me just tell you this
I'm not sure about lager today because
she's probably gonna punch me if I try
she hates being on the block we go see
hey turn up turn up mommy these look
cheap man why can't you get a nicer
flowers this looks so cheap you know
what this looks like this kind of looks
like we picked it from our own garden I
don't know why they do this to
themselves why'd you take the wool King
it
yeah I'm exercising as well but I'm
being more efficient shame on you more
you to practice exercising what's good
what what's cool about that more
I'm saving energy I'm saving energy for
what go green go green green it was at
this moment my mom met her mom this is
as close as I can get without getting
punchy guys let look at the zoom on this
thing all right send the vlog like it
I'm out I'm out I'm gonna go in for the
hug peace are you kidding me I became
baggage boy already I lit this is all
they needed for the day their
chit-chatting and we became the baggage
boy a girl and I'm good yeah you ought
to be on the blog yeah yo what up guys
yeah what's your name by the way agent
native from Kenya yeah I like that I
like that something granny Moore doesn't
even know what blogging is guys she
hates it she hates it you doing go look
at this car down there huh this has been
here for at least two years guys yeah my
car is so dirty guys I can't even speak
it looks like this cars been here for
years look at that yo my car is so
filthy yeah I'm sorry about the other
cause I can't even complain why mine is
worse yeah mine's worse than everybody
else's
so check it out we quickly stopped over
at the MU guys because we came over to
look at some things for granny Mo's so
I'm not sure if you're back
I don't know was there guys I think my
mother grandma stole something take my
money damn it take my money
37 con give me it give me it
yes yes so for now we're heading on home
geyser this morning we'll stop over here
at the mall the thing is I know I did a
vlog much guys but my grandma's just
relax to get the moments I don't really
want to vlog too much I wanted to have a
good time you know so let's go home I
should have something really cool I want
to try out so let's go my grandma can't
get out my car she's talked she's stuck
granny was finally home
yeah she hates cats
welcome welcome oh uh yeah where's
bubbles grandma oh he's kissing the
camera
granny boys now inside the house boy so
you already know what it is it's my duty
to get all of her luggage inside I'm
like a hotel boy come on grandma home I
know what no more oh my God look it
forces himself on me I think you're very
weird mom isn't looking at you looking
at you so funny oh my god so to wrap up
today's look I actually wanna do
something very cool for you guys so good
three gloss bows and if you guys
remember a while back we bought these
now these are like paint that reacts to
blacklight and they like glow in the
dark so over here I've got a blacklight
whoa-ohh to do a little experiment for
you guys so let's get it check it out
check it out so now that you have all of
your bottles full of war guys here is
the fun parking I'm gonna add a couple
of drops of the paint and shake it
around okay so here goes nothing guys
first we're gonna start off with green
you want to shake it around good a cake
now we're gonna do the orange and yellow
so do the same steps again again
whoa whoa whoa you cannot tell me this
is not one of the coolest lamps you ever
seen guys look at it just take a good
look at these oh my goodness what okay
the green and yellow look pretty much
the exact same I gave these to come on
bruh
come on I don't even know which ones
which guys like the orange Wow time to
pop some bottles Cheers
here goes nothing are you ready whoa
this is like the mega Drake it this is
like the almighty drink guys whoa oh now
this lo jello one anyways boys there you
go I hope you enjoyed that little
experiment know what's crazy guys mommy
mode thought of this idea it wasn't even
me I can take credit for it she came and
told me to do this soul smashed like
button for her if you haven't already
subscribed subscribe to the channel and
yeah I hope you enjoyed that little
experiment so since I am already gonna
be pouring this down the drain guys
let's get one lost clip of us doing this
with the blacklight on the K lights off
phone
alright black light on are you guys
ready oh my god you
oh you look so scary hold the truck up
next to you hold a drink
why are you doing so scary mommy seeing
ya go look at the towel oh my goodness
why is the towel like that yes your
nails your nails yeah this is
creepy three two one
oh look at these look at the train oh
yeah Wow look inside oh my goodness whoa
it's hi we're filling it with a
highlighter like Donovan's Oh work as
always i'll catch you guys tomorrow
stay awesome guys and make 2017 the best
year of your life okay Galliano Oh boom
