Yaron what is that welcome to another
vlog so to start today's blog I kind of
want to teach you guys so right now I'm
actually heading over to the mall and
I'm buying two pairs of sneakers yes and
this is kind of what I want to talk to
you guys about I honestly feel like I've
become addicted to shopping nowadays
like honestly when I look back at myself
like this week with the two that are
buying now that means I bought five
pairs of sneakers and it's kind of
getting out of hand I'm going to be
honest to Zebes oh I don't know I kind
of want to share this with you guys do
you think I should continue to like
collect the limited edition shoes do you
think it's a waste of money like I don't
know I've reached a point where I'm like
is it worth it I don't know anyways
let's go get these two new pairs of
shoes
honestly they look nice they look really
nice as well so yeah I kind of have to
buy them guys so let's go I'm going to
be honest it was actually a super bad
idea bringing the roof down of the car
today like it's hot so check it out boys
I just made it over to the Jordans store
BAM we got my boy Ross over here
time to do some sneaker shopping i'ma be
honest I told them on the vlog I'm
addicted because of him I'm addicted now
to buying liquor he ruined my life he
started this addiction and now my money
goes on he wasn't listen it's not an
investment it's an addiction we're going
to go through some shoes boys and I'm
going to show you the ones I want so
let's go
to check it out the two shoes I came
here for today are these two BAM as you
can see these are the Jordan 8 on the
pita yeah I had a sonata Nathan Smith
and then these ones these are the
Chinese New Year Happy New Year to all
your family or the Chinese and happy New
Year to all of you and what year is it a
rooster fright
so yeah let's quickly go pay for these
they do look nice so I can't actually
wear them with a lot of outfit this is
Jordan we hate free stuff from now and I
call pageboy that's it's like bankrupt
there everybody just jump but they're
not you know of course I want to avenge
anyway that's just that was not me
somebody broke something anyways I just
saw week really paid for the shoes we're
about to head out so let's go bye bye
Jim
Yolo Yolo BAM alright until next time so
before we set out someone I will show
you want more pair of shoes which is
super awesome so check out these bands
that they have over here they're like
these Mario South bands but under it
there it says game that is super dope
I'm gonna be honest like I really want
these but yeah I don't think that
actually ever wire themself more blog
expose love dog this bad won't expose oh
yeah I'm trying to change my future
nothing small I just made a hole boys
and I've actually got some really really
exciting news to share with you guys now
if you should all know that I love
gaming ok that's actually how I started
youtube I used to play Call of Duty and
FIFA on my old youtube channel now I
love playing fifa but the only thing is
it's hard to get money on the game no
coin so I got emailed by a company
called the online gamer King and they
actually just showed me a really simple
way to get coins so shout out to they're
breaking you up I'll leave the link to
them in the description go check them
out so basically they make sure you have
such an easy way of you buying coins of
them
the people that want to do this I want
to show you how easy is a case so
basically you lift up cheap players for
a really high price and they buy off you
they send you a link okay so you search
for your player as you can see my
players pin to okay and you just search
for a Mackay BAM now once it searches
it's going to find all your players and
you buy them these are literally all my
players so you just click on them
BAM buy this card you know by the way
it's so satisfying when the players
start getting bowler so far with ninety
six thousand okay oh another one just
got bought let's see the money
ching-ching all another to gobble
anyways as I said huge add to the online
game rich king checking around the
description they hooked your boy up so
go show them some love and I like that
super easy super simple and yeah you can
become rich on the game instantly
anyways now so let me quickly go ahead
and show you the sneakers I bought
properly because in the store I didn't
really get any time to show you their
first ones first
this is the Chinese New Year what I
bought look at it and ran in Chinese on
the box so that's super dope oh there
you go boys these are the Chinese view
your shoes that I bought if you look
online right now I bought these for
around $250 today and they're selling
online for like 350 so I could take the
e make some profit but yeah then again
as I mentioned I don't really sell my
shoes at the moment so kind of a
pointless argument and number two I got
these 1 billion these words another hand
I really love having looks lot of back
letters back for about Halloween
you guys didn't actually see this today
but my sister went and she picked up a
bunch of packages again and I know how
much you guys love mail time and so do
we
so that's open some gifts yeah and I
suppose yeah okay I'm up against
our guide on the reanalysis of gifts
let's go and get it this is what we got
check this out there we go all of this
today in the mail
yeah we got a lot of these open so yeah
do this wait isn't anywhere in that book
oh my god ah I'm going to get another
level to endow yo Odyssey is that Monday
ah with all my god you can't other than
me nobody wants on second every time I
met so many of your squad today it's
also we're like you don't look like
yourself
wait I know it's all different in real
life people that I want be honest when I
look around in the streets asylum in
this angry oh I don't know why I know
anxious you really are bubbling and I do
this I'm not mad at you enough of our
imperfection guys let's get some mail
open vacuum number one we're gonna open
it my Ferrari oh we got a toy box look
at that oh we got your musk and you know
I don't use makeup I still really like
your channel thank you unconditional
love without a with makeup hi mo I can't
believe I'm talking to you on the left
is that like a 30 by 32 packet not legs
- hey why is there a duck on this jumper
what better I should be a very Houston
sorry
well I guess I have a new jumper now hey
my friend and I started closing range ok
we are only 15 year old dam packet
number 3
whoa ok it's the Lamborghini oh we got a
remote control our Rajini you're
breaking it more very short broken
whatever give it this is so hard to over
oh my sister literally gone ethnic you
like five packet there's one more thing
oh it's a demon thank you for the
sacrifice thank you for the sacrifice we
appreciate it
I got the fan art guys BAM
if anybody can translate that they go as
Asian a very good job it's amazing this
is my favorite is a sidewalk this
savages drew me as a damn pineapple I
remember that new Harry saw more drunken
yeah I was right it doesn't look like
that oh good I'm sorry guys well yeah
you're a jerk Oh
oh this is a cool TV shows ever teaching
cheek is a little keychain okay we ran
our packages so let's go get some more
guys we are back we Lulu somebody set up
a Santa hat wait this is a Santa
snapback we thank you so much for the
Santa's snapback I've never seen
anything like this before
yo who is it Batman the lost but we're
going to open today is this one and the
sender's name is back I don't think I've
ever heard of Batman before let's go
ahead and see what Batman game oh oh oh
what is this
mole of the money mo so Batman sent us
huge mole gloves and latera stickers I
have a Valentine - yo yo yo future
onions thank you to all of you for
sending stuff in and what were you
enjoyed this mini Mel time wait what is
what stay under my hat hostel Houston oh
you idiot the last thing I want to show
you today's blog is this doctor
basically we bought this a couple days
ago you chop this in your toilet
complete strong smell to it it makes
your toilet change colors so let's go
give it a shot my sister lost in the
toilets are visible hey I just changed
my clothes moment a little bit here
I'd like to be yellow I don't know that
should be an instruction manual on it I
put two or three feet into a wall of the
toilet all right well they go right
along to the toilet like this I'm gonna
bold it okay ready and yeah you can plug
it Tsongas so much here in the toilet
I'm gonna go in already nice okay it's
not even knowing why did you put two or
three are you necessary
honestly I don't know what this is doing
because I just want you to change the
color but we never really read the
instruction manual very effective to
remove bad smells as almost a meal super
efficient so currently we're just
waiting here trying to see what happens
I think we should just flush it caution
all right listen Russia guys what's
going on what's going on forever so the
last thing I want to say before I wrap
up today's vlog is actually a pretty big
announcement now normally what I'm going
to do things on the channel
I tell you weeks or weeks on weeks in
advance and honestly what we're doing
tomorrow is probably one of the craziest
things I've ever done in the blog okay
hands down I'm not saying it just so you
guys come back tomorrow and watch the
video tomorrow's vlog is going to be a
big shock to all of you I have literally
not even told my friends it's not a joke
I'm telling you from now so I thought I
just tell you one day in advance just so
you can kind of ease into it because
otherwise it would look very click baby
and yeah you just wouldn't believe me
alright that's all I wanted to say
I'll see you guys tomorrow I do it I
love you Yolo Yolo press subscribe over
here in this corner watch my last video
over here and yes bye see you tomorrow
