yo yo yo what is up everybody welcome to
another vlog so look what's going
outside this morning there is a ton of
smoke I'm not sure if you guys can see
this
so we're doing a barbecue I'm ducky
anyways I do tell you guys my friends
are coming over today so I was like you
know what I want to eat good today and I
don't know why there's so much smoke
there literally should not be this much
smoke coming out of a barbecue guys get
out got my face before I die but a die
of intoxication whoa whoa do you see the
light guys do you see that light coming
out from the trees oh my god is that
just me or do you guys see you as well
I'm not going crazy right all right you
know I'm gonna die off the gas oh okay
the food is finally ready boys BAM check
it out we got some nice juicy kebab in
here my friends are on the way so I'm
gonna go take a shower get ready and
once they're here we go eat wait okay
that people with Lamborghinis outside
apparently there's a bunch of
Lamborghinis outside uh-uh okay I see
them why is there Lamborghinis outside
our house guys let me go see what's
going on so check it out guys I did tell
you there was a bunch of like super cars
outside if you remember my boy that came
by yesterday he brought his group his
squad with him today and lifted the cars
infront of my house saying he got a
Ferrari here
a Lamborghini over there a Ferrari there
and an Audi re over here and the whole
gang is outside wow that is awesome that
is unexpected guys Wow
I do have to say this is now going to be
my new car so check it out guys
I finally somehow convinced my new
friends to let me keep their car so
technically this is now my Aventador
guys it's my Christmas present so yeah
that's awesome thank you guys so much I
appreciate it I appreciate it
yeah it's my guys it's like were
celebrating more vlogs his new car I'm
sorry to say my Christmas presents
leaving now
I tried I tried my best to keep it but
though my baby here imagine actually
having a driveway like this every day
one car next time I'm keeping that car
okay all right high five I like that BAM
I'm sorry my Christmas present there you
go guys both vlogs official car club has
now started on my road I don't think
this road has ever had this many cars
oh it's back my Christmas present
we got pranked guys we got bright my own
Hebrews nice morning today guys I'm
enjoying this this is how you do
Christmas in Dubai Christmas in Dubai
your neighbours come and surprise you
I'm in so I never wake up to like
someone else you know Wow visa see you
next Christmas
I don't even know what to say
Wow all right well what a way to start
your Christmas Christmas friends oh
that's it check it out guys five hours
later these guys made it to my house you
know what it is since he got Easy's he's
changed guys he's changed since he got
those Easy's they're rigging the easies
and they give it another one every
single easy he wins it guys anyways
they're here I'm gonna test out Kareem
can you do the boxing bag this is the
pan one two three and then hit again
okay I know you have to get the rhythm
it's actually difficult come on try it I
think yo in broken room so I did tell
you yesterday that there's some fan mail
for Kareem Anan wrong guys and basically
yesterday I messaged him and I kind of
joked around that it was a Rolex and I
thought that they would know it's a joke
that's me I was like doing something
he's like me well most of you received
Rolex sounds like no he's like yeah
until you see braces we're gonna do all
that I don't know they were there in
constantly what they should do should
they share the Rolex as if with
Wednesday's ready understood he's like I
would let me show you guys something I
want to be on it if I saw a packager
said to Imran and Kareem and there's a
Rolex in there you're not seeing that
vlog ever again there's a few books in
that you understand me running why did
you show my way that's what they said
they said we can't find careers for your
box okay so three two if you are into
your box BAM I am no one
don't need a gun to get respect I'm just
gonna write my own peel no by the guys
he actually has his own pure box so go
see on his about section yeah to my part
on my videos so check it out one of the
main reasons on Ronnie Korea actually
came here today is because um raw was
gonna do some photography for me oh you
bought the big boys out today
come on move now I look so good EP so
right now be a career by going around
the area we just did a little photo
shoot but we're gonna push this car a
little bit a little bit guys by a little
bit he means a lot
there was a speed bump within five
seconds of each other that was like two
seconds
I'm scared
well there you go guys oz my one
acceleration for the vlog until next
time we're going home
they're gonna hit the back home cousins
gonna join us and then I don't know in
due probably gonna go by my area already
hates me out I mean for the security
comes and you get kicked off your own
house so you just made it back from our
little photo shoot with um wrong guys
and check it out these are the photos
BAM before I'm gonna after yeah before
after
damn yo I've actually never been into
this inside section of the see what guy
who stole it was pretty cool good but if
I look at the photo there's polar bears
too and their dog sitting around a girl
that I was literally going through the
desert they have over here guys I'm Ron
said that they have nice desert now I
know why guys there's weed on the menu
there is weed on that sounds like your
kind of food oh look Chapas sponge with
digestive buttercream talk to it Swiss
meringue as you know it's funny like I
sure are Taylor this is nice we're doing
an in-depth review of this place design
look at the toilets over here what value
what's your hand well you miss you just
that you have this and so I also ordered
milk but look at this cup that they have
over here well it's cock ception the
milk is in midair career is still
fascinated I love these cars - oh hey
check it out guys this is the desert so
it's like this Putin shape thing and
they're about to pour the molten thing
on it
I do that looks juicy oh this is the
nitrogen things yeah yes can I eat that
no nice mom this is the aftermath gas
we're ready to have diabetes he's
getting so he just finished up with my
little dessert over there it was okay it
was okay it's a really messy dessert
it's like big and they just ah it melts
but it's good to watch it's more of a
show yeah it actually is guys how many
calories
now now now we're walking it off guys
just do this as we're walking guys look
what car we just bought a Lamborghini SV
oh I think this is my Christmas present
guys because honestly they put my age on
the car look 21
BAM this is definitely for me guys
author thank you for the present Thank
You cream I'm not you're welcome I never
needed surprise view it comes with free
wrapping so whatever color you want on
ya right now right a spot that Imran for
us cuz he loves his coffee guys yeah
costume special coffee with a special
origin you know yeah weird guys but he
ordered a he said origin origins of Peru
but what's that bit is different ologist
to have Brazil El Salvador you know also
your copy has to come from a backer and
he depends it depends like in Grayson I
like my coffee British yeah so where is
this coffee from where that workers are
born so I was born in Peru skills are
football he's position is in midfield
now we're heading out this coffee face
for now guys this place actually looks
really
really cool like they brought a lot of
nice decoration there like a bar section
over there and even cooler they got a
Christmas tree you know I don't have one
at home let's just take it you guys
let's take it take it and run take it
and run this is how you know this boy is
for rich people guys like I've seen at
least 20 supercars out here there was
like two Lamborghinis to McClaren's
right then we know they have good
cooking no this is how you know they're
charging a lot of money this is how you
know there's only very tree more
expensive cars are there he's saying
this heinous yeah there's not really
much Christian go to McDonald's good
McDonald I'm guarantee you see the same
kind of cars go nothing to do that it's
just because it's expensive they're here
yeah that's what I said
how you know it's very much if you've
got some books the coffee spider does it
so for now we just made it back home
guys curry Mahna Mahna actually heading
back to I would I be so peace out high
five
boom boom see you until next time until
next time I greatly stock up at home
because I need to quickly feed this guy
hey calm down
as you can see boys you see I take care
of my cats since my mom and sister are
out right now and I hate being home
alone guys I know I'm a scaredy cat I'm
going out I'm not even kidding
I hate being home alone guys it freaks
me out let's go let's go let's go boys
let's get it whoo ah guys it is good to
be back in this car I feel a little bit
cheeky right now so I'm gonna take off
the roof this is what I love about the
convertible
Oh
I somehow always managed to find my
sister's car so I literally just parked
next to her turn over here Wow just made
it over to the family and my sister
she's having McDonald's in cost the
coffee Shh guide the worker is looking
at you behind you behind you
he's literally looking at you did you
guys buy anything what's good good good
huh
by the way this yo-yo Scott's birthday
is tomorrow right it's a happy birthday
to you man I liked outfit looks cool oh
yeah I just met this awesome urine Scott
and his friends birthdays today so who's
it I'm like for them so Mohammad for the
happy birthday and yeah Mzee be honest
Eli we literally just had a yo-yo squad
attack guys they were they were running
like yo blogs as I hope I come in peace
so check it out guys right now I decided
to come into Dolce & Gabbana because I
always look at it from the outside and
look at the staircase they have over
here it's like a spiral all the way from
down there you look too hood for this
story you've got a cap on man
get the hell out of here like you can
afford anything fan lover yeah you think
you can afford anything PNG no you got a
damn hat on and it was free
you haven't even paid for it oh I just
realized something both our plate
numbers start with seven right now
Illuminati confirmed I so you already
know what it is guys my mum and sister
went on a little shopping spree today I
hope wait let me check is my credit card
in my bag yeah I yeah it's good it's
good you guys it we got your cash oh I
just want the neck he took my money
you took my money you took my body oh
you have to okay yeah yeah yeah yeah you
know she's guilty when she's starring
damn son beautiful right
these are nice these are nice I have to
admit guys so my sister just pawned
everything that she bought today are you
ready to see the transformation this you
call this destiny I call Anthony that
case stopped just what are you doing
talking I said dots I didn't say try and
twerk by the way I just want to say one
thing guy so today you guys would not
have seen it I pulled off the biggest
prank ever on my friend Imran and it
turned out really cool but he's not
letting you uploaded so I want you guys
to go and smash the like button like
destroy the like button just Bam Bam if
we can hit 100k likes I'm sure I can
convince him to upload the video anyways
as always I love you guys I'm gonna
catch you in tomorrow's vlog tomorrow is
actually technically Christmas so merry
Christmas to whoever is celebrating
Christmas out there I hope you will get
a bunch of presents
cuz you all know that's what Christmas
is about anyways so jokes aside I love
you I'll catch you tomorrow
and as always yellow Yolo Oh
