yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another video so I promised you guys
that around Christmas I'd do a huge male
opening and check it out BAM
you know what 2017 I want to start fresh
so I'm going to open everything so today
we're gonna have a mega male opening
let's do this this is literally as tall
as me Ilana so the thing is guys I
really want to do this melt I'm outside
but our neighbors are gonna think we're
crazy so we're gonna take everything
inside that we have we have people
looking at us already
hello Santa Claus is in town boys we're
gonna take everything we're gonna take
all your presents and run I feel like a
Christmas rubber guys I feel like it
mine it's all mine let's go this no one
horse open sleigh or the spins we go
laughing all the way
oh just a warning this might be a longer
Mel time than usual so let's get
straight into it No
yo somebody got me Ralph Lauren sure oh
thanks for board this is actually a real
pencil drawing Wow
what you guys are talented what is this
I don't know I don't know who sent me
one of this but they sent me a bunch of
Dubai stickers guys how many stickers
have you sent me boxes listen this is
like unopened boxes of stickers I really
didn't need this many but I appreciate
it okay thank you for the box for the
device stickers I appreciate it guys
it's literally full of these things oh
god yeah constantinos I got your puppy
I got your puppy oh it feels so weird
Joe yo I think I know what this is this
is a fan your business or fan Jackie
guys there's also this jacket this is no
ordinary jacket this is an air
conditioned jacket you know the ones it
was cool but it doesn't have air
conditioning guys I'm taking the ones
they are I don't know what we just did
guys but the fans are on the fans are on
so one of them goes in this pocket the
other one kind of goes
this video you see that technology
technology let's turn this off before it
kills me damn dangerous there's a
dangerous geyser
who wants fans inside a jacket oh this
looks really fancy guys
oh okay I I see you oh wait what what
there's a tie in this box it's a luxury
tie that is actually a really nice time
made in Italy there's lots all the way
from India what I remember this like
basically somebody sent me paper
airplanes and it got stopped for a
security check
I don't know pal I don't know why and
they're like you're watching this box
and I was like I don't know it's fan
mail it's bad Mel why is there medicine
in this thing now I think there's a
reason why they opened their guys
there's certainly drugs whoever said
this stuff guys
it sent us hand sanitizer detect your
family from a mosquito gel what do we
have over here no it's some sort of
Pokemon check this out
this is my on your play pokemon go I
think you put your phone on top of it
and you got walk around searching for
Pokemon that's the best doctor I've lost
count how many packets wrong at the
moment love
this is like packet number 200 oh look
it's like 10k yelllow division assembly
a massive mug this is another mug oh oh
okay I feel a little bit cheeky guys I'm
gonna go straight into a big box this is
from Alex all right Alex to see what you
got boy in this case it's a case maybe
it's a suitcase I have it's a Lou
Vuitton suitcase I'm sorry it actually
is a suitcase guys oh damn wait don't
tell me this is like a drone your drones
come in these suitcases no way nah I
don't know if there's anything it could
be empty what somebody sent me a
steering wheel what guys look at that oh
we missed it oh I know this was a
invitation for us to go to an event guys
which was a month ago yeah I'm sorry
thank you so so much for this I
appreciate it you know it's carbon-fiber
paddle ships got show them show them
this is probably the most expensive
invitation I've ever got to an event
they literally sent me a damn steering
wheel in a suitcase please email us next
time like at gmail dawg well at least
you were invited for next year I'm
hoping and kicker
another guy this is awesome all right
guys back in number 4254 we're still
going in here we're still going I think
I know what these are guys I read it on
the Box this is some clothing if this is
what I think it is gonna be really funny
hey if it's what I think it is there is
keep calm and stay I'll have Marilla cue
to come and stay humble ah this is rain
in Arabic same thing keep calm and
saying I'm good love ya I thank you for
these letters I appreciate it my man and
you we got one for each of us and Mail
Fed well honestly this has been with me
for like years
whoa yo hey hey we got two snap backs in
the house yo we look like straight out
gangsters right now boy she looks like
one of those people that does
breakdancing like dinner dinner and
earner duh hey hey they also got us some
t-shirts guys the bearded one okay this
is this is definitely for me yeah these
are dope oh that is so cool it changes a
packet number two million oh oh this'll
be a golden camel no way
and they sent my sister a golden bull
shit ship it's not mine red shit I'm not
sure if I ripped your name off the box
but I'm sorry I'm sorry too late to
think oh is it too late now to say sorry
I thank you to anonymous for sending us
this stuff we love you please open on
the blog no no I'm not doing it I'm not
doing it yo hey check it out so my boy
sent us some stuff over here oh my god
yo they said Osen cat yo somebody
literally sent me my own car as a toy
yeah this is like our fourth packet from
India guys so shout out everybody from
India you guys are amazing
alright yo oh my goodness what I do not
eat this much fun
this is obesity um the your birthday
this is been here from my sister's
birthday until now guys I've never had
this much candy sent to me look at this
the huge thank you to Action resending
in all of this stuff also happy birthday
I know this three months ago but yeah
happy birthday I'm sure hey yo we need
to do fan mail I get up and let's do fan
mail are you ready
da da da da Matthew thank you for the
Lamborghini poster too bad I don't you
come at me bro hey mo eyes on a recent
subscriber I regularly watch you guys
goofing off are you calling me a goof
Matthew please do one thing for me just
for me no Matthew we're not friends like
that anymore Renault friend you know
what Matthew that's right even though
we're not friends
I'll get this frame okay oh god no no
more food are you kidding me yo I think
you're gonna like this what I think my
sister's gonna like this are you ready
close your eyes close your eyes so I can
show them guys she loves this type of
stuff oh she got that limited-edition
Kiley mystic and there's more Kylie
Kylie there any of these are literally
sold out everywhere guys and a Versace
will do this the other day and oh my
thank you yeah one more pack you're over
here guys check this out wait hey who's
this for - Karen oh okay I'm sorry this
is for my friends guys by the way cream
I'm keeping candy yeah so all of this
stuff we just got was from grey skies
and she sent us a sweet man can you also
give cream and around the gifts I sent
for them to get respect
don't worry you ain't getting anything
yeah he can take anything I don't y'all
run you get you have to pay for the
gifts bruh you have to pay if you charge
the Grace and Princess Anna so yeah you
guys are amazing and thank you for all
of the gifts right now that is literally
all of the fan mail that we've got so
thank you to all of you for sending in
2017 I want to start off with a bunch
note left but 2017 I want to start off
fresh guys so if you want to send
anything in BAM
that is our Postal Service on my
sister's face you can block out her face
with the Postal Service guys so send it
to this this p.o box and yeah my sister
go to down Versace a perfume damn are
you kidding me Kathy are you kidding me
where's my Versace bro
you'll make it angel make your fan mail
angel come on do it a fan mail angel
guys whoa yeah
uh-oh that the knife is right there fan
mail angel
oh oh oh my goodness they said that's an
elephant
hey guys
I don't know what's going on there's a
flashlight break let's see how they
react guys my sister's gonna sing behind
the door bothering guys check it out
these are the wholesome guys I came by
what's up what's up how did you guys
like the singing could you hear it it
was well the Frank
yada-yada thank you so much boom
this is FanDuel that came straight to
the door guys no son Dada I don't even
have a key like I don't have a chain for
my Ferrari guys whoa what you have with
it
I don't know orange juice Josh uh
anyways for now we're heading out guys
let's go we're gonna have some dinner
just look around and just chillax man
dude that thing looks like there's a
Bowman yo u we should do a prank one day
guys we should walk around with this
that's not we should be like yo ba ba ba
ba Bob y'all there's a Bobby G and food
we go around for my guys you cool it
Stephanie check it out boy so we just
made it to the valet I know how normally
we see light luxury cars there's
something more luxury than normal BAM
check it out what do we have over here
what year was the car made and what year
was the car made it damn I don't /
million dollars you have four options
1990s 1980s I don't know either I don't
know hey are you either guys there's an
SV convertible here like a roadster guys
such a cool car so you saw this really
cool decoration in the store guys check
it out BAM my sister was like look all
of the perfumes mow they're empty
bottles what the hell guys since we're
going into 2017 new year new me I'm
having some fresh juices you see I'm
going with my diet type stuff guys new
year new Moe vlogs so he quickly came to
do some sneaker shopping for my sister
guys and you can already see it's super
busy because they're having like end of
your sales going on and these are the
sneakers my sister picked out BAM check
it out boys I'm not sure if you can tell
it's got like this shiny material to it
as a baby crying in the background
anyway she's gonna get these and wear
them straight out of here guys Dave I
just found my sister some shoes guys and
these ones look so cool guys check it
out oh yo you have to buy these no no
these look so nice guys blue looks so
gangsta today I'm getting spoiled for
Christmas guys
Zaid and carnage and they put me a gift
he literally just met me and bought me
again thank you guys so much
check it out guys will do a mini
unboxing over here BAM
Gucci's I like that I like that anyways
these guys are super awesome thank you
so you know how I told you my sister
wanted the red ones guys these are the
ones that she wants but they just don't
have her size it's like a little bit
small for her but they both look good
like really really good so
if they can give you like just about
your size we're gonna take it guys the
problem is they don't have a sign so my
sister end up buying the shoes guys and
check this out there literally closed
clothes that you have to come under the
barrier know that is somebody somebody
tried to go in anyways we're hiding a
home now guys there's something on my
car right now and I have no idea what it
is is there money in my door handle what
how did they do that
it's very kinder oh yeah they like
squeezed into there I'm guessing they
have a must I think you know what I'm
just about to end today's vlog guys
might sort of see do you guys ever get
excited when you get a new toothbrush
like look my mom just went and got me a
new toothbrush guys it's just it's
exciting in six I don't know why it's
exciting and nothing big but I love that
for myself and you just unboxing it this
is not for me it's mine
it's mine now it's mine yeah I wanted to
take that color
I believe you guys wanted for me I need
a toothbrush
she gets the boring color ha ha ha yeah
I'm just gonna say this my friends are
coming round some more soul I'm gonna
make them clean up the mess yeah my
friends criminal rod her even all rod
archive all the way from our levee and
since they have one fan mail with me
I'll only give it to them if they clean
up this place that that's the torture
challenge they have to they have to
literally clean up the whole place and
then get their fan mail or else I'm
keeping it I mean why not it's a fair
trade as always don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't already by the
way kids brush your teeth and yeah I
went around for today's look here I love
you all and yeah for now I'll see you
guys two more stay awesome yelling Yolo
bye Oh
