and you can do the toilet with a onesie
yo yo yo whatever I want everybody
welcome to another vlog so we're
actually starting out today's vlog a
little bit funny so we're here to pick
up a laptop and you guys might be
wondering what a laptop moe if you guys
don't remember a couple weeks ago we
broke a laptop on my channel or on my
Instagram actually if you haven't
already seen it here's the clip babe
after the video my mom gave it into fix
but let me tell you what's really really
funny when my mum even the laptops to
get repaired of course she didn't tell
them I snapped it she told them my son
sat on it and then the guy recognized
her she was like no you broke it
like he was like I watched the video so
yeah mum emo got exposed so moment of
truth we just picked up the laptop bay
yeah guys imagine what they just told us
when he went to pick it up so we picked
it up thinking they fixed it and the guy
was like not only could we not fix it
we accidentally broke your screen I love
the fact that he was so honest with us
he was like yeah we couldn't fix it and
when we sent it to our repair guys on
the way the screen broke as well are you
keeping know I'm lucky that's not a
MacBook or anything as imagine like
giving an expensive laptop and they're
like y'all we didn't fix it but we broke
it more like sorry we didn't fix the
problem we just made it worse so check
this out guys right now I came to see
one of my friends but you know what's
pretty funny
on our phone we have an app which lets
us see the CCTV and right now while I'm
here there's people in front of my house
and I can see them guys check this out
my mom's got the app on her phone so if
you guys see that they're in front of
the house with their bikes and I think
they're taking photos with the cars so
yeah I see you guys don't don't think I
don't see you
watching you at old times okay careful
yeah hey hey hey hey
hello mama won't you are gonna be my
sunshine in the middle of the party
rolling
hey all right so we made it home and you
know how he saw a bunch of fans of the
CCTV guys they left a bunch of cool
things at the door so check this out I
don't know what this is this is
Listerine wait what are you trying to
say it's for bad breath are you kidding
me it's okay I'll ignore that one guys
and then they've given me a chip this is
a Las Vegas $1,000,000 chip whoa had
they paid me they paid me buddy
guys I would say this is for the money
collection but it's money from Dubai so
you see guys this is why I put on the
vlog I put all of this off the blog
because they paid me to do so we love
you please call us okay they gave their
phone numbers all right I see you and we
really want to be you check it out so
the guys who left the stuff at the door
just came by again what's up was so how
you guys doing and they have something
else look at they bought me more
chocolate are you kidding me yo you see
that guys there's one way to everybody's
heart food and chocolate pretty cool
news I want to share with you guys we
just hit 2.4 million subscribers on the
channel whoa it's not three million but
we're getting there guys please make
sure to subscribe right now
god damn
guys I got people at the door trying to
subscribe now you have to subscribe with
your computer brother my sister's back
on the vlog and she's got a new dance
move for you hey you're never gonna
attempt something really dangerous right
now I was watching a blogger who the
wolf vehice and he did this on this vlog
if you put this in the microwave it
shrinks I'm like electrocution no no no
trust me it looks so cool mom you want
to do something dangerous is he did it
three times it is law this is what we're
gonna do we're gonna put this behind
your baby it's not about that the house
could go on fire more so your eyes are
gonna be blown out of your face
no so you're gonna help them save people
off your face is gone this is going to
shrink in the microwave guys are you
ready who does that look at the size
right now guys okay you see that it goes
in there now BAM
are you ready yeah but you hold the
camera I'm gonna drop your camera if I
get scared I'll be serious
Oh
whoa listen ah yeah - ah it just didn't
electrocute as much as I thought it
would oh whoa melted yeah so weird the
party is not even that hot apparently
like don't touch it yeah look at guys
check it out basically it shrinks and
usool electrocutions
so weird look at it oh that is weird
that is weird guys I it went for like
that big - that small it feels so weird
like it feels crunchy you know what guys
I know this probably sounds really
stupid and it is stupid the first time
was cool but I found another package so
yeah but you know the problem is it
wasn't turning it supposed to turn so
maybe you make it a little bit cooler
yeah check it out guys so when it goes
in look how big is it barely fits in
there so yeah let's let's go round to
look at all my sister's doing she's
covering her face literally as soon as
she record she's covering her face are
you ready are you ready on top uh
whoa whoa it's still like free yeah that
stinks
oh oh you're gonna win you either yo
okay so basically the longer you leave
it guys the more it shrinks so yeah
there you go
I bet you guys didn't know that I didn't
even know that I saw my boy movies
channel nothing what any reason was for
now let's head out okay she's so much
cooler than I thought it is but as you
can see right now our living room is a
mess guys like we've got like a little
tent for our cats going on at the moment
like our cats are well-treated out here
guys they get new toys every day look
that's a toy for now we're going out
boys let's go and I'll see you another
side yeah but before we head out my car
has no water for like the screen wipers
so we need to put some more in it and I
know what you guys are gonna say mow it
doesn't take normal water you need to
put spit okay okay so as you can see
guys this is the engine of my car you're
not showing them the engine hood and the
engine guys it's pretty dusty it's
pretty dusty in there guys so in case
you guys have never owned a car before
that is how you fill it up okay BAM you
open that and you put the water in there
as I said a lot of your gonna be like
normal put in water and it ruins it I
don't care I don't care about my car
okay I care about Stephanie no I'm gonna
do a magic trick I'm gonna make war come
out my hand guys okay mmm no no no not
me a little bit I started to understand
what type of washing is this more guys I
don't know if you just put a little bit
of water on the hood it's like getting a
haircut
all you need is the front to be good
because who cares about the back
thank you more you did a very nice job
so check it out boys we quickly
to have some food before you do anything
else look at my sister's food being made
right now damn son
look at that oh oh I didn't even catch
that so we just came to this store and
my brother is about to buy a really cute
onesie so check him out he's trying it
out right now guy it's like a tiger one
more vlogs I want to see what the back
looks like cuz some of them have tails
doesn't have a tail yeah check that out
work it guys check it out dude you on
that meat okay dude your net is you on
that you join everything as you can see
boys your voice swag out with a onesie
hey wait mom I don't know why do you
keep looking my oh oh oh no puppies not
sure that sexy stopping over Lydia I
just wrote it right now I'm sorry it
will blur this out guys you can't see me
yo guys so check out my new outfit I'm
trying to be like kitty Oh bubbles so as
you can see guys we out here when
gangsters don't play with us or else you
already know we're feisty bang quick as
a tiger brah quick as a tiger so that
was a pretty weird stop guys I didn't
even tell you where we were coming when
we came over to the Chinatown they have
over here and we ended up buying a
onesie that's it that was our only
purchase I wanna be a billionaire so
freakin bad buy all of the things I
name joining in like five minutes off to
this song are you kidding me
your army can breathe wait what
yo oh yeah we just go home guys and my
sister just point out why do I have air
holes in my armpit what we just
discovered the weirdest thing about a
onesie you can go and take your shit
with it guys oh yeah what is well show
it shows your poop later like I know you
got a massive all oh my god yo you
picture like that's my son and you go to
the toilet with a onesie oh my god
you wanted a toilet BAM you just say
y'all how are you so disgusting if we
get smashing you know it's Audrey King
like no 100k likes me a lot up we'll go
through the board and do a onesie day
okay shopping in a onesie
how that is luxury shopping or once you
will go by Gucci Armani Versace Chanel
Google luxury shopping 100k likes and
will go luxury shopping in a onesie yo
can you found her bum guys he just found
her mommy say mama
is that you
King Julien order I don't think the gap
was supposed to stay like who the hell
did my eyebrows you did it cuz you're
supposed to keep in line with yours like
a damn ruler did it aw dude we messed it
up a new respite out when I'm in on that
when I'm in on it when I'm in on it
oh gosh stop tomatoes you
everyone's a celestial say I love you
all smash the like button if you enjoyed
our little dancing session and you for
now really go to bed take your shower
and all that good stuff so leave any
suggestions of stuff we should do next
with these onesies because you already
know I didn't buy them to only use them
once ok we're using them for like 50
videos at least anyways as always I love
you all I'll see you guys tomorrow I
don't forget Yan Liang
