yeah good morning everyone
what is up welcome back to another vlog
on my channel I'm not gonna start
today's vlog the same way I normally do
ok I'm not happy today and I feel like
it's time I need to change myself now
you guys know I've been vlogging for the
pasta going to vlog I listen now so you
guys know I've been blogging for the
past 3 years and I always tell you guys
that I'm gonna start exercising then I'm
gonna start becoming more healthy and
I'm gonna start doing this and Dad
just all these false promises and I feel
like it's time I actually do something
like I wanna have a six-pack I don't
want to be this hey what are you doing
bro like you'd be ashamed P be ashamed
for yourself like what dead guys no oh
my god
oh is that it so I guess we did it for
the blog it's really long enough that's
right no we don't give up so as you can
see there's nobody sitting behind the
Ferrari and my brother's about to push
it bro
oh my god nearly oh wow that's crazy
he's actually pushing the car burns are
we hot you're gonna hurt yourself
I swear so here's the thing guys you
need to make your exercising a little
bit fun right now Alana's trying to push
the Ferrari the car bro you got this you
got this finally pushing a Ferrari is
not as easy as it looks
so right now me and my sister are gonna
do it together
I wanna be the very best but no one ever
was to catch them and my tip the trainer
miss MA
so we actually have a very special
announcement on today's video today we
actually hit 1000 videos on the YouTube
channel yes this is a very big deal guys
I've been vlogging for three years right
now and it's crazy we've been through a
lot
pretty much we have hit 1,000 videos on
the channel which is just such a big
number it's crazy to think you guys a
lot of you have seen my face a thousand
times it's a lot of times guys pretty
very weird for that guys anyways I just
want to say a big big thank you honestly
you guys don't know how much it means
that you guys watch our videos every
single day for three years this is like
a three year anniversary right now guys
literally when I bought these balloons
just for this video so smash the like
button if you guys have been here for
two years plus if you haven't then join
the family right now because we have
another thousand to go you've been on a
thousand vlogs know proper care maybe
eight hundred okay you probably missed
like two hundred of your hard work so we
just wanted to say stop bringing the
camera so close mom we just want to say
we love you guys so so much honestly I
know you guys probably hate me sometimes
and sometimes you love me but that is
what a family is for we have to go
through ups and downs together and I
just want to say you guys have been
through it all with us
yeah yeah look at all of this confetti
we just wasted three years of our lives
we just wasted our life if you think
about it in three years we technically
made four million babies you Bondish the
all jokes aside guys three years is a
lot of somebody's life so it's crazy
that we've been putting our life on the
internet for three years and sometimes
it does get weird I can't lie like you
guys know too much about us anyway since
it has been three years guys I feel like
it's time we did a trip down memory lane
guys here is a three-year montage whoa
so hey guys what is up mo here so you
probably just came to my channel and
they sickness is now my vlogging channel
so this is probably the first ever daily
vlog I've done so I'm sorry if I'm going
to be rusty at this but yeah at the
moment I'm really shy like holding
cameras I don't know I just feel like
it's kind of weird or anything so yeah
I'm just getting used to it
I can always stop you're making me cry
my nose
you know
what is she doing oh my god oh my god
what the hell what the hell was that
wish I can just met of who got a guy's
got yeah I feel like such a boss right
now
there you go boys that was our little
montage honestly watching old videos
kind of leaves you like a little feeling
inside sometimes I go back and look at
all the old videos it kind of gives me
emotional yeah you've changed yeah what
we don't look the same anyways another
big big thank you to all of you for
continuously supporting me I don't want
to say thank you anymore I know you guys
are getting tired of it but honestly for
someone like me who's uploaded over a
thousand videos on YouTube sometimes it
gets hard picking up the camera every
day and like videoing yourself you know
it does get hard I'm not gonna lie and
there's days where I'm not in the mood
or I just don't want to do it and
honestly you guys are the reason that I
do it because I know as much as
everyone's gonna say no it's for the
views of everything yes obviously guys I
upload because I'm going audience but at
the same time if I didn't have your
support I wouldn't push through every
day the way I do so I love you guys
that's what I'm trying to say I love you
guys and yeah honestly I don't know
where YouTube's gonna take me like I
don't know if I'm still gonna be
vlogging in two years if I'm gonna stop
like it's just it's crazy just knowing
we're on this journey together and
anything can happen but yeah last thing
I want to say there's no other way I
wouldn't want to spend my last three
years other than on YouTube with you
guys though it's emotional looking back
but I think now it's just time to look
forward into the future so hey hey as
always I love you guys all
stay tuned 2018 is gonna be a big year
guys more memories to be made yeah let's
just see how it goes
guys ah it's crazy like I don't want to
say it but like guys were were humans
that we could literally die at any
moment in time let's not let's not
other guys I see two more for another
epic blog I love you guys all
and as always yeah Leon Oh
