yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another book so today I want to try out
something a little bit cool ok let's
just take the moths offer I don't even
know why I have this mark yesterday I
managed to make this rubber band ball
and today we're going to cut through it
all with a knife this is a sharpest
knife in my whole house so yellow this
use goes you can use the first time I'm
hearing of this time zone yeah you got
the knife as I see turning blue
yo so as you can see the knife is super
hot right now so let's do this are you
ready 3 2 1 oh my god
he humbled oh there you go
nothing much happened to that so since
the knife that had turned out the best
I'm actually just going to burn it
straight from the flamethrower so let's
give this a shot
a jar in one cool
you always asleep oh my god oh my god
what you have to wait you have to wait
until are you sure this is going to get
put out now leave it door
I don't know you're sure
all right good idea
okay put the Prada who did the wood
inside put the pool
okay put the wood
oh it's not the best right here we go
oh okay can you hear it
ah that was not a good idea don't try
that at home guys do not try that that
was the worst idea I've ever had like
the reaiize good until I wasn't speaking
much oh there it is
yo my neighbors were all watching me do
this now like no no nothing happened
here nothing I almost burnt my Ferrari
yeah let me just tell you the words for
about burning rubber bands I just tried
to pick it up from the floor when it's
burnt it's like goo yeah yeah yeah look
at this rug we're out here watching the
drive this is the worst thing ever so
this is supposed to be a very simple
challenge but it turned out very bad
okay there goes all of the evidence
voice nope we didn't do anything here
two hours later my sister just made it
downstairs she has no idea what just
went down you don't see the video just
no your car was no armed all right your
car was no harm I know this is kind of a
weird video because we're going to be
reacting to what just happened
on the same video so as you can see
we're doing a very simple video okay she
burnt burning elastic bands yo Sundanese
fire car hey anyways I oh god oh my god
when you guys did that know you
and there you go that is how we started
our blog today never doing that again
so if you don't already know which I'm
pretty sure 99% of you knew knew I'm
doing a laptop giveaway and basically my
cat is saying no you should say no
there's no laptops being given away in
this house I'm keeping it no kitty this
is this is for the giveaway whoever wins
the laptop you're also going to get my
cat because she's not moving look at her
all right there you go give away his
updated now guys laptop plus free cat
I really want to change my clothes we're
just about to head out right now but I
have something to get off my chest
boys so I'm done collecting sneakers
okay I'm done buying them up putting
them in my room from now on I'm going to
start wearing the sneakers I buy so bad
these ones you need to see I'm done I'm
done I'm not keeping their main
condition anymore I'm done yeah yeah
thousand bit over the bank I'm sorry I'm
sorry yeah
yeah yo look what I just realized about
these shoes if you look inside then
there's a tiger you see that new mommy
do you see on camera are you lying to us
no I don't think I feel that my mom is
anyways the reason we're actually going
out right now is really pointless we're
literally going out just to buy a
rubbish bin for my mom are you what do I
not have anything better to do with my
time apparently not because we're going
tell there you go Oh
baby Oh Oh got to bring issues use how
much it's gonna be quick I can measure
finish up on yo lie so check this out
boys we just made it over to the
supermarket and I finally found
something I've been looking for for ages
BAM we found ourselves a watermelon
cutter yeah so check this out mummy mo
has the inner hand open it show them
what it is guys it's insane it's like a
huge slicer for a war melon BAM just
know it's about to go down in the mo
blogs household whenever we have war
melons it's not going to be the same
anymore because we're now professional
slicers they have so many cool things in
this store I've never come here before
to buy like cutlery they have like the
craziest axes look look at this this is
a 12 inch knife right here you kill
somebody with this thing I literally
came to buy war melon to cut open a game
and look at this all of the watermelons
are already sliced open are you kidding
me the one day I need a full watermelon
they just decide to cut all of them open
like yeah yo look what I found it lizard
what is this
I found buckets of like but it what you
call this Jesus please shit we're buying
it we're buying it all I am actually
buying all of these I'm not even kidding
and you better believe there's going to
be a special challenge coming soon okay
I just want to say look at how dumb we
are right now boys the only reason we
came out with so buy my mom a dustbin
that's the only thing we didn't buy like
that was the one degrees of who he came
out and instead we walked out with a
bunch of like Cheetos and Chris are you
kidding me right now I'm just in my car
and I was looking through people live
streaming and I decided to watch one
because I know he watches the vlog check
this out yeah guys were customers of a a
say hi to love it's not as bad hi Lana
no she's not here she's not here but
she's not here hey Clark what's good
Georgia gang
I put my miles across you to California
thanks for watching hi nice hello shout
out to the mayor's boss anyways boys
whenever I get bored I literally just go
on livestream the check out what people
are doing it's just to this bud yo so
right now I quickly came to do some
shopping late night shopping you already
know what it is boys and I found myself
a really cool jumper it's like a camo
jumper it's very similarly nothing easy
one but much cheaper such a cheapskate
from a man fitting reward please go sir
you got no more big fan of shopping but
let's make this quick
boom so this is the first one big yeah
I'm going to be honest I'm still unsure
about this one I'm going to quickly
traveled the next t-shirt is boom all
right so this is outfit number two I
like this one a little bit more guys BAM
check it out your blue looking more
thank you nice I like checking myself
out right now buddy hey you're trying to
kick us out the store they're saying
leaves are neutrally announcing
everybody get that hell out of here what
are they saying I get it we're going to
leave it we get it we understand why so
right now it's actually 12 below that's
why they keep on screaming get out
everybody a lot of just made it over
here BAM check it out she's here just
buying shampoo yeah I just just clean
yourself bro what the hell man finally
you're buying some shampoo good idea
what are you reading man who does that
what's that thing you guys always check
for what something you wish check for
like there's no charge yeah that's the
word parabens oh my god
Joyce is that your parabens are bad for
you you have to make sure it's just
toast um in my opinion see that you just
came to eat a buy shampoo like what the
hell like that is the most useless don't
I've ever seen Hey
Oh dragon tells everything video I bet
you're going to come out with a movie
soon all that editing god Danny huh good
ok so another whom I show to show you
one thing we bought from outside that I
did show you my mumble a knife sharpener
yes you guys heard me let's go ahead and
use this okay look good apparently this
device right here is supposed to somehow
sharpen a knife so we're going to test
it out as you can see this is the knife
guy that is very very blunt you see that
my mom sitting a little bit of force on
it so let's see if this sharpens it no
all right test it out be honest be
honest yeah no that's not sure that's
not any sharper let me never do it every
day this is not sharp this not look at
it this is why don't I keep my shop
there yeah a little like three dollars
it's been a lot of time since I've done
this but I'm having some crisps and
yogurt yeah boy alright guys basically
decided to okay you take your yogurt BAM
you just open it
Oh see that you see that guy's fresh
that's fresh yogurt right there I love
doing this oh my god it feels so good it
feels so good being the first one to
take some your grout ok enough now Oh
such a bad idea it felt and such of that
I could figure I'm not sure if you can
do that that was a bad idea
yeah remember this bubble you go ah he
put it telling my yogurt ah
goodnight jollity I hope you enjoy
today's well by the way to learn just
know that there might be a special video
coming out so I'll see you then
night night tonight guy should go to bed
right now relax you know just have the
rest of the life for yourself and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow by the way
don't forget to click subscribe over
here watch my last video over here just
just do it man just do one of those
things alright a lot
