I'm gonna tell you something that's bit
weird that's a bit weird
all right we're good to go
yo what is all everybody welcome to
another book so today we're trying out
something a little bit different so
because these many more melons and a
bunch of lasting bread and today we're
going to make this more venom explode
with these rubber bands let's get the
story elastic band number one so far we
are one packy of elastic bands and then
keep it going and keep the show of the
road oh no my eyes I just remembered
that this could actually exploded our
face so much this is going to get some
sunglasses
always make sure health and safety first
boys whoo
the thing is even though we have sons
losses mummy bowl is savage world right
now she has nothing I was feeling this
might not work mommy and here's me okay
let me do this you know please no are no
way oh no you don't want the recession
pregnant right now no I know so far this
is on the war men it looks like nobody
you're on your own but they told me a
business oh I told me in business
and
okay we hear something cracking right
now oh oh oh it's cracking on it all
it's cracking Oh crunching you see the
water coming out oh my god that was a
real gun once before little nervous
oh my god I got your perfect slice oh my
god we're going to do it inside the
house or else mom would've killed you
this is bigger than the one that sent me
what is this
thank all the rubber bands it's me so I
think there's warming in this library
oh it's love it do you love it
are you sure this is a rubber band more
like a sofa and you're in verse 4 now
we're going to create cleanup that was
the star of the ball they choose his
next up we have legs up we have the
Chris Pratt I saw your boy by coming to
the body more about that after the
cleanup let me see a work work work work
work let me see you work work work work
work this is the office no it's a lady's
job to clean up it's in the dictionary
it's in the dictionary this is why you
never do these challenges
unless you're a youtuber yeah that's a
lot the gut the guts of the war melon
game up see that's what I like to see
women working by the way I just want to
show you I'm a professional youtuber
voice look at this equipment okay my
camera there the cameras here
ah they kind of done we got them all
from the same angle oh man what's wrong
with you why professional dude your
brother keeping up with the kardashians
the body sin just started alright so
mere mommy more ready to go out boys but
I use moose gravy boat it's cinema
without humor friends honestly I
actually feel so quiet in the house now
that granny mo is not here
like she would never speak but you know
when somebody being here like you just
you know they're there you know just it
feels so empty without her today I just
want to find a bunch of funky stuff and
look what they have over here they
literally have a Superman suit guys that
is insane I just bought something in the
shop that I really really want to buy so
as a kid I'm pretty sure most of you did
this as well I collected pokemon cards
they have a bunch of pokemon cards in
this store and I just want to buy
packets and just open them like just for
the sake of opening it but I don't even
know anything about the game honestly
the thing is I didn't really want to
open some whoa
yo look at these what is that is so
weird
by the way guys check it out I had to
buy one packet of pokemon cards I'm
sorry I want to open this so the main
reason I actually came out you can
already tell my beauty super long right
now so I'm going to quickly go get this
shortened and then I'm going to do
something special on the blog once we
get home okay so thank you I like big
beers that I cannot lie you loved her
mother facing nine so when a dude walks
to use an itty
and a bushel thing on you skin you want
one Sam
alright so there you go boys just
finished in my beard up a hey we got
eyebrows done again and so now that I'm
home as I mentioned I'm going to be
doing something a little bit different
on snapchat I don't know why I'm doing
this okay this is probably a very bad
idea but I'm going to let you guys tell
me what you hate about me kay so it's
going to be a little bit formal blogs
wrote on snapchat so let's see why
people hate me while I wait for
everybody to send they're not saying why
they hate me let me go ahead and open my
Pokemon packet guys Ocado come gonna see
where I got my phone back we're waiting
can you please not take so long
alright time to open these back so
watching me don't brush no no I don't
know the brainy cartoon we got a Maggie
car this fish literally does nothing I
damn this dude are you kidding me oh we
know are you kidding me goddamn store
you was using a spy camera please
Pokemon Lords please give me something
then are you are you ready three two one
BAM oh you're shiny you got a shiny tang
gear oh we ought to shine it kind yellow
whatever this is it all right guys we
got a bunch of nonsense mallet down it's
literally been like one minute where
I've sent out my snapchat and look at
all these nuts guys you guys must hate
me
yo ho the snaps are finally in boys time
to see what the yo-yo score has to say
about me
I'm gonna tell you something okay what
my yo-yo
you're my friend you're my crazy you're
my love you
hey this would be a lot of a she loves
in the car with you mo and you just met
a peck for me I hope so you'd be
swimming like that sure that's that bad
the real estate look like a retard
dancing in Archie's video make sure
you're gonna put you in the music video
I've been honest it's a minor thing is
the proper oh yeah and I just come down
ha ha ha ha ha ha all right if you talk
to what you're annoying uh only hairy
monster I said you cannot send you I
told you what I'm going to tell you
again the same said you've got it sends
me these hazy surfing hazel in the back
you're lying yeah you're lying bro just
tell me what you have
tell me what you they about me Lana
marry me normally 14 evil all the cream
this is the greatest guys you're sending
you stuff to my brother the cream does
get on me it's a crate alright we're now
back from technical difficulty boys I
just I need I need a time off from the
cringe man to cringe not to me I don't
take you because you had a good gun
you are the busy usual and I must fun
with you I hate it when you try on a
shirt who fits you but you decide to buy
one larger this makes me crazy yo what's
up my biggest employer with you be happy
Holi drinks ladies with the road to the
side would you know what the hell were
you doing my man so you need to keep all
that searcheth mother is here swearing
at me
have you seen where your boy was not
like something iPhone no I don't think I
was a faceless on the real number either
way I'm weepy man hopefully one day I
can see you you never know you never
know I don't know but you got some the
Augusta's eyes yeah yo shut up I'm
literally like I get oh bloody hard
where you go longer road is harder
because she does both
listen everything on video the place
look look look turn you on all over for
Christmas bit weird that's weird
I go to the next one is the one a little
bit even what they think you're the
perfect know you heard badger is lifting
with my teeth is its lucky I'm saying
plus the yard
I hope this teaches energy me your let
not my tape that I know this I'm talking
to myself
you're not mad or yeah I got it be full
of the feeling you friend Bosley
wow you're annoying we're sisters
Monique I don't know wonder what your
car don't need of doesn't get better
okay we're done we are now boys band I
think I was on the off snapjet for a
while because and didn't turn that
believe me you guys are being savages
manners
I wanted a friendly roast I need a
girdle line it's a picture yeah we gotta
get emotional I'm not going to get
indoors you need to make the fame
not talk to a siding
this is your clothes - fish boy you're
done I'm done
no we don't need a thumb that anymore
piece
