she
it's definitely recording no guys what
is up welcome to another video so today
is probably one of the most anticipated
videos on my channel if you can't
already tell why look behind me we've
got my Ferrari ah my boy RSK brah Lambo
and today we're gonna be doing some
challenges for you and there's a forfeit
because your email boos I know he's
gonna lose so I want to make him spend
some money for you guys so basically if
he loses guys he's gonna be buying a
bunch of stuff for you guys and I'm
gonna go away on his channel
if I lose however they have a special
forfeit they haven't told me yet so that
further ado let's start these challenges
first one is a race let's go hambo
versus ferrari MO versus the loser get
it ha ha
excuse me sir how are you feeling about
the race today sir we'll see we'll see
here you got nothing on me let's go what
about a change is life y'all better be
ready for this this is gonna be pretty
crazy 3 2 1
who
Oh
so vlog ZZZ was flying so fast I don't
know if anybody ever done this before
but the license plate flew off what what
is going on blog you can't be going that
fast man RSK how do you feel about this
beast bro I can't hear you I can't hear
a damn thing man there you go boys you
ready now the charge to keep it away all
right guys one zero so he took that one
I took that one but now it's time for
him to redeem himself
this one is a unique chance I can
navigation challenge basically we don't
really know where we're going like
unless I use my Sat Nav I have no idea
where I'm going so the second challenge
is whoever can make it over to the mall
first without any sat-nav guys wins the
challenge so we're gonna go try and find
our way there and yet where makes it
there first
about your honor use your mind so the
thing is right now we have to try and
make you over to the mall as quick as
possible guys but we literally came into
the desert and I don't know how to get
out so it's not fair right now because
he has an advantage because he has a
full tank of gas and we got literally
not even like tosses worthy kilometers
we could make approaches just go oh
one thing that does know is the roads
we're gonna know the roads once you get
back on the road we're gonna find out
how to get there Oh too bad in front of
where you going vlogs where you going
nowhere
where do you think you're going buddy
yeah they really stuck I don't know if
you can see it's all about the roads
it's all about the navigation as long as
we loosen it a little bit and then we
just like haul for right left and we
know the secret roads were good cheaper
rows secret rooms that's all about
right so we just pulled up to the gas
station you're a no mobile always had a
full tank so he just like zoom by me
he's on his way to Dubai Mall first
challenge he want imma give it up to the
first challenge he did win I don't know
how he did it so that's a problem that's
a mistake that I'm in right now yeah
this is so funny guys look who has to
stop by the petrol station look who had
to stop by the veteran when y'all
Fairplay look I'm a better player guys
how much gas you have guys Oh oh my god
do you see that guys that's the meter
that's how much gas he had left there's
the car from the desert back to the gas
station
this guy this guy what does he think
he's doing wrong yo can you show him
what you got bro oh yeah definitely once
we get on the highway
where you at bro we lost you we lost you
a long time ago right when I put in
sport mode you know I'm gonna be there
for before you watch and I got a special
gift for you even know bro know what it
was you know I'm not gonna make excuses
but you didn't have enough gas in the
car you're on empty think about it when
you don't have food in your system how
you there most of the math leaking a
function I agree
to have somebody's angry today alright
so we just got to the mall it's time to
get the present we got to get the gift
before Molag gets to the mall so that
way you can win the challenge and he
already knows we're at the mall we
already got the gift so we want a second
child just son know it winner winner
chicken dinner baby after walking around
the whole mall we finally got it I
stopped it's time to go get this laptop
that's a bad boy that's a bad boy right
there
whoever gets he's gonna be lucky when I
was getting to do it were just making
purchase so I quickly made over to the
camera store guys I couldn't think of
anything else to get than a camera so
I'm quickly gonna pick one out and buy
it and then hopefully rhg still hasn't
go and he's getting hide you don't even
know what he's getting guys so maybe it
would be funny if we buy the exact same
thing boys winners here I just met up
with our ski guys I've got some bad news
we checked back on our footage and his
footage was recorded four minutes before
mine when he purchased the laptop guys
so technically he won basically guys
we're gonna do one more challenge right
now we're gonna hop onto our skis
Instagram make sure to follow him as
well and we're gonna ask what challenge
it should be okay so loser of the final
challenge haze the other guy the money
and yeah our skis way on your own but
don't worry bro our skis gonna lose guys
just just for now I feel so bad from
this good to his YouTube channel he's
doing the giveaway already like consider
him lost guys he's lost before we do the
launch and we're gonna go eat right now
so let's go
I'm starving
ohyes alright now you're going to go
into the restaurant boys check it out we
got our food well I haven't got my food
yet they're having Eddie man me money
fix my and it would you do to me is what
is it cool with Eddie mmm and re-edit
mommy mommy we're about to head over to
the studio right now and I don't know
how Irish gay lost the aventador
yeah where's the Lamborghini bro you
don't know where you parked the Lambo do
you know what's even worse its
convertible and the roof is down it was
not a smart idea so somebody can easily
hop in that Hotwire e or whatever they
do in movies I take the car he found it
it's over there
you found the Lamborghini is only in
Dubai New Zealand borghini only in Dubai
do you lose a Lamborghini a problem he
found the car congratulations
congratulations
he completely ditched me what he's going
I got him to seal anymore
alright brother enough the cars no
people games and then you know racing
and the challenges and stuff I want to
take you to the studio I want to take
your eyes own Lima I wanted to get a
home base guys we've been here before
but he wants to show me what it's made
all yeah I want to show you what it's
all about
especially when a guy let's get it guys
welcome to my zone man welcome to place
like I like to call home so before we do
any music guys I promised you guys to do
one more challenge to see who's paying
for everything in the giveaway so this
is craziest challenge we're on
understand I'm gonna make it super
simple guys it's all gonna come down to
the cup so the tiebreaker is a freaking
tight Baker is a cup guy so basically
whoever makes this cup with one finger
to here pays for everything she does
nothing well is it first one or if I do
it do you do it is all for time look
happy yeah okay fine fine like that room
wait he still gets a chance this is this
debase reverently killing the idol this
car race
alright there needs to be the right like
fuck goddamn guys this is actually more
intense than I thought it'd be
let's get ready for the celebration dogs
cuz I don't aim to buy YouTube channel
links in the description where's my
buddy oh oh such a kind guy he just
spent hours lots of money or not getting
back how much was this like $2,000 yeah
that is paralyzed
courtesy of our skate he's giving away
an amazing laptop Oh such a nice
gentleman guys third he's gonna pay for
all of this just subscribe to his
channel and yeah you can want to MacBook
Air Plus don't forget yeah don't forget
to pay me for this camera was it double
the price it cost two thousand because
honestly guys were actually being
serious like he actually has to pay me
for this and he's giving this away for
his channel so alright yeah guys
down down so meanness you gotta find the
bottom team rose you know I can't stick
around Oh beauty
by the way I just want to say guys all
the songs you hear I was playing in the
studio on my boy RSK song so he has all
of these on his channel and honestly big
respect to him guys he's probably one of
the most dedicated people I know to
music so yeah shout out to him man I
know he's giving back to you guys as
well but honestly music wise this guy's
got it for now we're gonna kick it out
of the studio boys we just came here to
jam to solve our skate music and these
guys he puts a lot of work into his
music like honestly every time I'm here
I record the fun stuff but like him
making it and stuff like it's just way
too complicated for me something you
know what I'm gonna listen to the music
enjoy it for what it is but yeah as I
said YouTube you do think YouTube you
see that guy's the grind pays off the
ground pays off huh what are we one last
time guys one last time for today let's
just listen to this baby
ah
good night so another one boys machine
wrapping today's lucky I hope you have
enjoyed by the way leave me any
suggestions you guys want me to do so I
know you guys wanted some sort of race
with this Ferrari so I made it happen
and I still don't know how I beat my
friend guys cuz honestly the Aventador
is a foster car so I think I think it's
your boy skills anyway so enjoy decide I
love you if you haven't already
subscribed make sure to do so check out
my boy as well so yeah as always I love
you all yelling Yolo goodbye boom
