easy easy easy just jumped over jump me
easy easy easy after so accomplished yo
when I when I wanna everybody welcome to
another video so I've got a lot of
things to talk about today and you guys
can probably already see bang look
what's back in the garage so there's a
ton of things I want to talk to you guys
about with this car because there's been
a lot of drama on my channel okay before
I do that let's get on to some more
positive stuff guys I want to give a
shout out to my girl Haley she's another
youtuber if you remember my first ever
collab like proper collab of the
youtuber was with her she's almost on
2.5 million subscribers so she's killing
it guys I'm gonna leave her channel in
the description so go check it out she
makes like these funny skits and stuff
it's just awesome so yeah damn that is
insane guys like somebody I'm collab
with like she is I think the biggest in
Dubai at the moment but I'm coming I'm
coming you know jokes aside
congratulations to her but now on to the
drama okay so the Ferraris back I wanna
picked it up this morning guys and let
me just talk to you guys because oh my
god you know what before I say anything
look at all of these comments BAM
so as you can see guys for the past like
four or five days I don't even know how
many days it's been I have been getting
roasted with comments and let me tell
you something it's kind of my fault as
well so basically I forgot to explain to
you guys why I didn't bring the car home
okay so if you guys so yesterday I went
to a plate number auction and I really
wanted to buy a new plate number so it
was kind of gonna be like a surprise I
wanted to buy the plate number put it on
the car and then show you it but it kind
of backfired because a lot of people
thought the car is gone like everyone
was like you've rented it he's a fake so
yeah guys that is why the car wasn't
here I brought it back because as you
saw I couldn't win any plate numbers so
yeah I failed whoa all right I feel so
much better now that I've cleared
everything up with you guys but let me
show you something I got a new car guys
babe a bunch of you guys actually came
this morning and drop this car up so my
fans bought me an Aventador guys
boom ah there you go that is definitely
the biggest one guys I eat my ice cream
in the toilet
ah if you guys remember when we bought
this we sucked at doing the in rhythm so
I want to show you guys how much I've
invited it oh you suck worse than vomit
Kitty's waking up again you know
let's compare me in Larnaca whoa oh god
damn what is she doing dr. James Tom
baby all right boys I quickly take a
shower I'm about to head out boys but
right now I'm trying to envision a way
what's that word envision V I'm trying
I'm trying to visualize I told you I
want to change the picture on my YouTube
banner I want to put these three cars in
it so I want maybe like have this lineup
but let me know which way I should do it
what do you think you have visualized it
visualize it I want it like that and the
official banner is why are both our cats
over here this guy just ran away yo like
really had something to do inside so I
told my sister to reverse my Ferrari
guys let's see if she can do it
duh-duh-duh oh my god she's so close
she's so close to that pole get out my
car she's calling me guys do you see
that she's on her phone wait I told
y'all what's up just turn it off just
just turn off the car and it parks don't
worry
bye bye bye you finally don't know how
to park a Ferrari you just ditched me
and good job easy ZZ
I was I just made over to my boy Ross
shed a couple days ago I told you he has
a very special car check it out easy
easy easy just jumped over jump me
through easy easy easy after so
accomplished as you can see boys this is
my boys new car it's the world's first
ever Yeezy car damn damn Kanye you need
to step up your game oh no honey doesn't
have him Kayne Mandela his car my boy
Ross had actually came up with this idea
himself guys one day he was sitting he
was like whoa should I do the world's
your again I was like it what would you
do but it's a crazy idea guys anyways
that's do a full round trip of the car
guys I love the details so that's the
bottom of the easy shoe as you can see
but the coolest spot is actually two
really cool things guys at the back you
know how the luigi's have that little
thing you hold on to them it's even got
that but finally do something what
didn't you do oh yeah why didn't you do
the little round that I'm gonna sue me
brilliant you put your dog I think oh
that's smart that's smart guys
I never realized guys he didn't put the
adidas logo I knew would like they can
sue it they have got no never Pearson
but there's one more thing you guys
haven't seen at the top of the car guys
let's go up here check this out BAM
if you see that there's laces at the top
of the car there you go guys that is
officially the world's first ever Yeezy
car my boy rock should did it don't play
yourself he did it first
I already know who it is boys the whole
basketball crew finally made it
downstairs who's ugly car is that get
the hell out of here
wait is that your son this is the car
I'm gonna be racing again soon down down
Eddie your car's a little bit dirty bro
damn yo bro yo one now I need a car wash
borough what the hell I can't help it
they park my car in the damn trees a
family of birds just straight pooping
like damn is that Lancer is a Lancer
yeah let's take a dump on it I should
check it out boys coughing ha ha ha
voice-off that I've been warming up so
we haven't been blogging but I thought
now we do some three-pointers for you ok
Oh only net boiling then let's get a
light there
oh oh you can hit this that's it we've
done back-to-back three-pointers
damn first try first damn
look at that boy exercise hit the net
boys dance you're back you're back are
you ready for a bike yeah we're ready
for back-to-back flaws yeah we ready
vlogs alright let's get it back the bad
guys come on Oh bag - bag hey come show
me your sweaty face maybe it's this you
have to subscribe right now oh you still
have to subscribe I'll really kill you
okay oh my god like that yeah
Jaya dance baby dance yeah yeah
Jaya Oh relax it goes with the music bro
it says dance baby dance dance be whole
look at those bounce baby yeah so we're
just about to head out boys but if you
guys remember last time Fadi did like a
cool shot from the outside of the fence
but I said it was a fluke so he's gonna
do it again for us one last shot to make
it all count that counts that counts
Italy like a spear bro oh by the way we
just finished like basketball check out
my belly
I also mean you guys and yeah peace out
so you already know what it is after a
good game of basketball we're heading
out to go eat we're actually going in
the Yeezy truck boys a so we just came
over to a spot to eat some food and
fatty recommended this place apparently
it's normally packed over here first
things first me and my boy wash and we
got some milkshakes is a nice that's
good
hi so this is a chicken waffle my man
Ross had made me have this this doesn't
even look right why is there a waffle
and Jacob well this is the most famous
thing in the States chicken and waffle
away literally guys I've never seen this
before this looks weird
it tastes okay not bad for our say
goodbye to our shed bulb see you next
time lost for us so we have to say
goodbye to is my bear fatty boys until
next time peace out
they're going up next to us a blue horse
check this beast out
I'm pretty sure I know that guy so yeah
so I quickly stopped up home because
y'all I have to say I don't know where
Fatih took me guys my my belly I had to
go and I mean I had to go to the toilet
but check it out we got my sister over
here and then what do we have over here
yo buddy you missed me you know guys
this guy is way too spoiled I look at it
this is the same color as my mom's
jacket Hey are you ready now are you
ready let's go let's go the thing is
guys I'm actually going out because I
want to buy some jumpers it's actually
getting cold here in Dubai and I know
that sounds crazy because Dubai is
always hot but now it's winter so we
clearly made over to the shopping center
guys and look car they have over here
there is a Lamborghini murci√©lago I
actually haven't seen one of these in a
long time
damn that is one nice car so check it
out boys I quickly came over to the
store and this is where I'm going to go
try on so I polished a fascicle I bought
myself a nice like simple Trax you guys
and I really like these pants look at it
there guys
they left the key I can open everything
laughs so this is the tracksuit check it
out
just simple blue looks okay yeah and it
looks okay I don't know what you think
it looks okay yeah it's medium hi guys
I'm going to go get the correct size
because at the moment it looks a bit
funny on me but there you go one more
thing let me go try out those crazy
hands yeah
thank you I'm so taken on boys these are
the red pants a little bit tied up just
a little bit but I should get a good my
mom came up with an idea guys I'm
actually gonna buy this right now I'll
wear it in the shopping center so people
like I don't think I'm crazy but it's
all right damn son check it out my mom
quickly paid for it the challenge begins
it doesn't look bad I actually think I'm
gonna wear this now yo guys I actually
think I look pretty nice right now ready
camera now character no are you going
okay mommy I don't like this anymore
people look at me like on the side so
check it out boys I just want my man
Omar over here what do you think about
my pants they're not honest up in here
weird little areas also me man thank you
I shout out to him yo I love the way he
was like they're really nice and I was
like honest opinion he was like kind of
good but now we're gonna head out of
here
so goodness I love my new pants and one
thing I just noticed about this worse
the longer guys this is a morsel ah go
SV so this is like the limited-edition
morsel ah go guys that explains why it
looks so amazing now so we just go home
guys I'm about to go in and let's see
what my sister's reaction is the lace
very different right now we're gonna
have a friendly wrestling match between
me and my cat right ready boom
my cat loves playing with me guys look
at their bigger if he's gonna do it
himself
see that lovely I was pushing you on the
floor this is called a cat massage guys
so before I said goodbye to you guys I
don't know why even though this has been
in my house for a while and I know it
does this it fascinates me so much when
I look at it guys so I want you guys to
look at the face of this lion okay it's
looking at you right and then when I
turn the camera it's still looking at
you
oh that is such a crazy illusion guys
look at the face the face constantly
looks at you
damn sup and that's not me going crazy
guys trust me I'm not going crazy you
guys must be seeing it as well if you
don't there's a problem with you not me
okay that's what everybody says that
they don't want to sound crazy but
anyways guys crazy optical illusion I
don't even know how to make this type of
things but what more optical illusion
guys another youtuber showed me this in
their video hit the like button and it
changes a color Lichter you guys hit the
like button right now and the color
changes is fascinating and if you'd
subscribe it's even crazier because you
get to see all of my videos what what
anyways I'm just going to say good night
too and if you hear voice I love you all
by the way tomorrow is a big big big
vlog guys so if you want to watch any
vlog this week make sure to watch
tomorrow's because let's just say it's
about to go down make sure to follow me
on Instagram if you haven't already
because that is where I keep you guys
updated on what's going down and yeah as
always yellow yellow
I see tomorrow
