oh wait I fooled my eyes Renee is trying
to kill us right now
where are you taking it's so dark down
here
Oh God been bad been bad oh god how can
he do that
he doesn't even know we're here yeah I
know everyone what is the o2 to another
bloke store right now there's like five
little girls outside my house I'm gonna
go and I'm gonna see what they're up to
I think they have a cake for me so let's
go doesn't that dented the boot oh yeah
what is that no not for you because it
was my birthday yesterday
oh the birthday you haven't poisoned to
have you know anyways you should thank
you to these girls to Sedona happy
birthday again
Sophie's Ozzy Isis alright well there
you go boys I need Shirley just got a
free donut to start my day
no it's so random so before I do
anything today I sort of remind you guys
that I'm doing a laptop giveaway - the
only rule to enter is to click the
subscribe button if you're a subscriber
you're automatically in to win so yeah
there you go good luck everybody
I don't want anybody saying oh no you
never told us how to enter but I didn't
no no no now you know ok so just in my
room going through everything of my
table and I actually felt something
really cool I want to show you so BAM if
you don't know what this is basically
this is an AP booklet now a PS or very
expensive watches they're like Rolexes
and stuff and this has a pretty funny
story - so one day I was in the mall as
I went in there and I really wanted this
booklet ok because if you can see inside
it I'm sorry if you're not a watch
person but it's got like a bunch of cool
pillows of the watches it's insane
so I literally sat there for like 30
minutes pretending I was gonna buy a
watch and I felt so bad and in my head
all that yo I'm not gonna buy what you
oh hi so my sitting here and I think
book now the yeah just give me the
booklets like you remember anyways this
is like one of the coolest booklet ever
guys look look at this it's amazing and
Yuri's right now my boy watch it is
coming over the plan initially was to go
to the theme park at 3 o'clock it's
currently 6 o'clock if you guys could
see that Seoul
yeah we're just a little bit late by the
way guys I was actually looking through
my shoes and I saw that this white pair
of shoes that I have are dirty and I've
never worn them before it's basically if
you told her my boy wash it is actually
like sponsored or he's like that an
equally ambassador basically there's a
shoe Canadian company could like
replicate and he gets like a bunch of
their stuff because like he's the face
of it I didn't tell him but I'm gonna
make sure he gives me some to clean my
shoe ok you see I got the hook-up guys
that's that's the great thing about
having a friend that's like sponsored I
basically how long have you guys been
running down so you guys have been
running for an hour yeah they ran one
hour to come see me which is pretty
crazy I want I love you too
easy easy easy just up double jump
master easy easy easy I feel so calm my
boy washer just made it here what's up
fam the reason I'm wearing a hat Rachid
is making me wear it because none of
them you think you know what's funny
guys I Austin if he has cracked
protective k this guy has it all the
time and he didn't have it the time I
wanted look at it look at this never
worn it yeah resale values just let down
resale value just what I think
$100 doesn't mean I'm gonna give Josh of
the duty to London headquarters you're
like Kelly's mom love this shoe right
now
none of these like I'm not a god that
knows within the fun don't put it now no
bro you just clean it cry protect oh
yeah wearing snow so check it out via
Rasha just made it over to the shopping
center let's see how many people be us
today okay the things I love meeting you
guys when it's outside
it's nice don't worry you got the most
thing I don't but it is like a test I
want to come you know like this could be
because of the moon yeah we got kicked
out
once you're kicked out because we were
opposing like too much drama it was just
a bunch of you guys I don't
since we're gonna ban us from the mall
maybe I don't know how many nice guys we
have to do right now I don't think we've
logged it oh yes yeah show us up to the
city again with more god I don't think
this is the best disguise ever I think I
think it's worse by the way my man Ross
shit is the ambassador of this brand by
the way guys so you own this company now
basically I own own the own crap guys
this is Ross's company now anyways we're
actually doing something pretty strange
right now basically one of our friends
kuda you guys should know him on
instagram yes three and a half million
followers been bad and he's doing a
video and he was like we're doing the
video right now Joanna comes alright why
not let's go let's go let's see what it
sucks we did a videos in one yeah it was
a crazy video so we're gonna go see what
they have in plan today so check it out
we have a special somebody picking us up
right now BAM we got red lay in the
building what a long time basically she
hit me option like yo me and Ben Madden
you guys will do a video I'm like oh
cool I know I know that man feels like a
loss second thing I was like I'm down
like Mia washing her like yeah let's do
this
and she's got this crazy pimped out like
all black dollar Range Rover Sport
it's an SPF even better even better even
better guys there you go we're out here
this is such a beautiful car so I love
my cars guys I want to see where the
custom look to our guys on like Latin
pop music but up
oh my eyes Oh God all right they're
trying to kill me we made it
oh I'm sorry we're at the spot let's go
let's go so what is guys Renee is trying
to kill us right now where are you
taking it's so dark down here I are you
sure this is the right place
no guys I feel like we're going to get
like hostage situation right now they
send a pretty girl forward and then you
get like broke by five guys listen good
luck
are you kidding we're perfecting it
I'm building just a ready in case
anything happens I have you on my blog
if you think she's being smart she said
your brewery is electrical
you're pranking us I know her her face
is smiling her face is smiling we are
coming to your home now
all right so apparently mama have been
dies gave us the wrong direction sir we
came to the office to record and he's at
home no just kidding home early having
your something anyways we didn't get
Frank guys I thought you're gonna scare
us I was like she's cute I love myself
whoo I like that Oh fun
all right let's go boys let's go
all right no more fish no more - she's a
wild one guys Oh
okay okay okay okay
I just want to say this Renae keeps on
bringing up the most dodgy places ever
like I don't even know where we are
anymore unless you try to get us lost
okay so don't worry now this is the
place this is the place okay so we just
made it here guys and I'm not sure if
you can see look what's going on inside
Oh God
been bad been bad Oh God
how can he do that he doesn't even know
we're here
you know bro that was Talan bro I got
the whole video
oh yeah so check it out boys right now
you have been daddy's crib what is up we
out your boy we got the math part as
well yo yo God as you can see a the
Ferrari jokes finally can you do that
trick one more time for the vlog I
really want to try it but I'm scared
I'll break something no no that's right
don't try to go dry words of wisdom
all right guys he's going to do the
deadliest trick when it oh my goodness
Wow Wow oh I feel like this is gonna go
wrong okay I'm sorry I accidentally
turned off the lights over here Oh
he's crying maybe she dies yeah
can you teach you or not yeah right okay
I'm trying it let's just like hi can you
hold my leg and I'm gonna move it like
that I just block the TV so I come out
yeah Thank You Lynn all right this is
more the tempter kale and earthquake is
gonna occur okay okay
something gonna happen is no bad gonna
happen the door do not let the vibration
distract you
I know what Todd gonna try you guys you
have the fire alarm just went off
evacuated for now we're done up in
badges please guys we show a really cool
video everybody's rolling out let's go
this this is like the king of Instagram
in Dubai or the whole Middle East we're
putting the crown on his head right now
the king is here you YouTube I'll just a
youtuber guys I'm a bye guys pizza see
you next time peace but now we're gonna
say goodbye to Renee is right awesome
time filming with them funny videos
coming out to check it out and yeah for
now
right yeah stay tuned peace there check
it out we just made it back over to the
movie stop by the Jordan store we got a
whole media back on the vlog they're
actually releasing something soon I'm
not gonna tell you what it is all right
peace out to the homie BAM they're still
jamming any rich boys as I said there is
one pair of shoes coming out that we are
going to both by self you speaking up
with
new sneaker shopping with a billionaire
it's a mirror I should quickly finished
up over at the mall we're actually
playing some basketball I didn't vlog it
because you guys have seen us play like
every day literally every day about
seesaw broke me saying hey hey so I just
made at home but before I wrap up
today's look I actually want to talk
about something now a lot of the time I
get off so many questions in regards to
YouTube and how the money works and
stuff like that now one thing in
particular I want to talk about since
I've kind of mentioned it today is
sponsorship so yes a lot of times
youtubers do get like companies
approaching them trying to sponsor them
and then I try and pay them to like
promote sir let's say for example an app
or product now don't get it twisted that
is sometimes it came not like every
single day cuz if it was you best
believe your boy would buy a Bugatti but
it does occasionally happen and the
reason I'm mentioning was this is
because I get so many questions and it's
like a lot of people are interested you
know they want to see how it works how
people on YouTube survive because it's
hard out here breads hard with that guys
occasionally you do get sponsorships and
stuff and the reason I'm saying this is
as I was mentioning today my boy is
partnered with crap protect which is
huge
honestly it's huge and another reason
like even with my boy Raj's a lot of
times I see people like in the comments
section it angers me like oh this guy
doesn't do anything honestly like he is
one of the most humble kids I know and
he works extremely hard for his age so
that's why I thought I'd mentioned that
so yeah he's really big things anyways I
thought I let you know because I know a
lot of people also interested so yes
youtubers like us do occasionally get
sponsorships and stuff know anything I'm
wearing right now is not sponsored guys
yeah I just suck a sponsorship fun okay
I mean your boy I'm trying to survive
out here
oh jokes aside words I love you'll I'm
going to wrap up today's Loki I hope
you've enjoyed and yet tomorrow
there might be something big going on so
season
alright yell Yolo goodbye wait before
you go first you two
grab a press here to watch my last video
you have to do one I don't care if
you've already done click click one of
them three - what bye oh shut like a go
