ha believe yo are you okay
yo yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog now before today's book
starts I just want and now I'm doing a
giveaway in case you guys don't know for
this laptop the only rule is to be
subscribed so go ahead and click that
button and you're into it let's get
going boys so check it out right now me
and my mom have come over to the seawall
area again yesterday when I was here I
came to this sneaker store and I'm about
to show you it they so Kanye West's
clothing now I'm not sure if you guys
have ever seen Carney I was closing but
I'm about to show you let's go so check
it out this is the store I was talking
about you can see they go like a bunch
of sneakers but what I want to see is
BAM
this is Kanye West's clothing line the
easy clothing boys so I'm gonna wear it
I want to see how I would look if I
dressed like Kanye West
system here there's one more thing I
need to try on it and that is the Kanye
West easy boots now a lot of people
don't even know about the boot these are
actually easy as well BAM this is what
they look like on my feet guys there's a
really cool easy easy easy just absorber
jamendo easy easy easy yeah so
accomplished now I look like Kanye West
right now by the way something really
cool distort look under me it's gloss
boy so yeah we're walking on thin ice
right now and here is I have to come by
and show you that soft voice because I
literally never come across my easy
clothing in Dubai it's cool you know
something different
that girl has I want the longest dresses
I've ever seen what that is awesome I
created when they got my ski card boys
I'm going to quickly go gear up and
we're good to go so check it out boys
I'm all geared up right now in the
skiing stuff about to go in how you
doing as you can see boys we just put up
the homies bail young motor buddy and
all right bro we out chill boy he skied
with KC guys so you know he's a
professional it was out here killing the
slopes we're chasing nice that and his
boys I'm going to do a couple practice
runs so let's go hopefully I don't eat
any more snow like lost time
you already know what it is boys we're
going all the way up we finally made it
to the top time to go all first casualty
I thought you're a professional what the
hell happened by the way I forgot to say
special guest alert are you stalking me
out your voice and then we have another
special guest to live whyever them we
are here to be here you're such a
stalker stop following this is my first
time going outside
now it is evil man wrong with you man
you have some evil intentions bro that
was pretty good done I was pretty good I
gotta give it to you man
oh we have a professional
yeah buddy
flies now they get your brother that's
how it's done baby don't run it ha ha ha
beautiful beautiful bull there you have
it good job buddy hit me good what hit
you you hit the pole
I just that's what I meant no good job
that's all that matters there anyway in
the video you can like make yourself
look like you jump higher I didn't jump
I was good it was a start good job I'm
gonna roast this guy boys he was
supposed to get the good shot he fell he
fell before anything happens I'm not
sure if you can see that our boy Romney
is over there vlogging us any man I drop
deep guard bro yeah that's your camera
right there
you're Robbie look this way yo like this
way bro I think this is round 3 right
now boys we're gonna go again
I just learned how to jump so let's go
let's go oh we're going down the fall
slope again boys I'm doing my best not
to die but is it hard you're are you ok
that was crazy you have died right now
not sure if you guys know well on my
vlog I'm not sure what's going on but I
think they're doing the mannequin
challenge on the ski lift nobody is
moving what are you seeing this okay no
more skiing for me the only reason I'm
going back up right now is to go get my
hot chocolate that's it that's if you're
ready to go oh sure they're going up the
wrong one
oh my so check it out boys we just made
out of the hot chocolate my man again
the best hot chocolate maker out here
I'm freezing right now but honestly this
is so worth them I this is the best part
by the experience while we're having our
hot chocolate my
wrong he has a story about how humans
and more like first snowboarding so I
thought I'd let him tell you again I
convinced mode that is very easy and
somehow I got convinced should we get up
there and what the Google didn't good
job together we gotta go going to life
now we're seeing our board community and
kind of like a bubbler my board I lose
reinforce my populist and I can't
concentrate for like a five minute sorry
bro the means to another pillar mounted
by guy oh I like it like that by that
see like this that I just keep in this
brown coming towards me every time I do
a full three one what's the brown so
much zoom in our land on the side of the
cliff and I hit it harder oh yeah and
then I roll off boom and my stomach I
get winded I look like oh my god where's
my three meters away from me and they're
sorry bye bye bye bye now stop the
greatest story ever gets good over you
guys are amazing
synchronous to survey so that's it we
just finished a great great storytelling
session up here boys had some hot
chocolate
we're going back down into reality now
this is a dream world then you saw my
man appreciate it oh you're the best
that was a good house a good story we're
officially done with skiing right now
boys we're going to go give the skis
back a good middle section over here
thankfully nobody got injured badly
Ronnie is rah rah Mia it's like a
storytelling over-exaggerated god damn
hey Sonic truth based on a true story hi
that's the rat boys
all right for now we're heading on
configure Google and we're coming back
in we're going to go given these really
heavy boots to get more light 1:45 I got
you Oh
45:35 yeah guys Bigfoot Molag taking
over logs is Bigfoot week really changed
our boots we're heading back in boys
let's go on the ride
whoa look at the dragon growls the ghost
Rami was talking about let me tell you
some doctors dragons for this dragon the
reason why I was frozen on sleepweight
also white pushing is just thank you
happy rattle breasts on it anyways
enough stories for today Romy's just got
too many let's go on some rides let me
tell you something about this bond on
road it's still just give up give up
with the size just guys just look this
way this is a free one this is the free
good session she's a personal trainer
she can't do this I'm worried dad we're
going into the mountains right now let's
go
dun dun dun oh whoa so you're that time
to go bobsledding I think that's what
you call it good luck guys good luck
yeah
yeah we're about to go on my absolute
favorite thing they have over here am
the bull yes you go in there you like
toss the rat is so fun so let's go Luke
oh okay God oh my goodness jump in
that was so bad we're about to go on the
double ride let's get it y'all get in
here no the fly joining on the front or
me I got the front are you ready are you
ready I'm ready
we're going straight up I snuck on that
Oh
always makin your weight limit on this
oh my goodness so you can't be both
together in there sir get out on bail
how are you doing rummy I probably said
this about 50 times today but we're
jaundice legit that's it we're done boy
every time right we're done we're done
we're done yeah we're actually done boys
and they're actually heading up to go
eat right now that was a crazy session
on the slope I feel so tired and yeah we
have to eat some foods oh oh oh we're
heading out and then three I love the
way the roof goes in the back look at
that dance
yeah so we just made it over to the
hotel where we're eating food my first
time here I think so this place is
pretty fancy let's go eat another video
not never near like will the icons me
but I look anywhere in the soul is not
even here he brought the worst place
ever
I can't hear myself what is it I was a
little bit misinformed don't go anywhere
don't ever ever so he's walked over to a
more normal restaurant boys to eat Sam
as you can see we're all eating
we got mac and cheese fries so we just
finished eating or about to leave Helene
wants to take away and they're making
your sign a contract to take the food
away
they're like no unless you sign it you
can take it take away my lawyers will
get this like what do i yeah are you
sure you're finding the right paper just
a mushroom pie takeaway washing by the
way as we mentioned this is a tool is
book now I think so as you can see you
have a free time good view damn right
let's go let's go who are boys it's been
a long day I'm going to say goodbye to
all of you here though night night night
night see you tomorrow by the way just a
reminder I'm gonna be nagging you guys
if you want to enter for this laptop
giveaway I'm going to be picking a
random subscriber so the only rule is to
subscribe so if you want to subscribe
you can go down below and do it or BAM
hit this button right here so cool
anyways what's my last video here if you
haven't already and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo bye boom
