yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today is actually gonna
be a pretty awesome day I don't want to
give away what's going on but there's a
lot of awesome places we're gonna go to
so let's have an amazing day I told you
we're gonna come somewhere special guys
the first stop of today is the Burj Al
Arab guys BAM
the 7 star hotel you already know what
it is guys it's luxury so I'm just
waiting for my boys to get here we're
gonna roll in together
right now we just got into the Vergil
Arab guys they actually have some
Christmas decorations going on if you
guys can already see but my man fatties
here amber Asha
today we've got like a crazy gang with
us love dead - dead dead dead - Dead -
Dead raw is our model today look at
him look how pretty he looks today
he's got the backpack on right now we're
actually gonna go get a tour of one of
the rooms over here
I've actually never flogged a remoter
here so check it out boys this is the
rooms they have over here and they are
amazing look for yourselves okay so you
get your own staircase over here a
little reception area not bad oh oh oh
wow that is one hell of a view guys the
thing is this place also has a seating
area as if that seating area wasn't
enough guys just another one just when
you want to just chill out and watch
some TV and there's like a table like a
dining table at the back here guys so
I'm actually gonna go upstairs to show
you the rooms they have over here guys
so let's go check it out together oh my
no way look at this oh this is insane
guys they've got like a whole Jacuzzi a
shower shower I don't know what else to
say
the toilet is gold guys that is I could
go to the toilet like everything on the
toilet is gold you have a golden scale
it's just yeah
the goals are to go to God
this is the second bedroom guys this is
not even the main bedroom and it looks
so damn good like look at the beds over
here guys you get two separate beds like
a dare I jump in between them all day
long and I love the fact that when you
look up it's like the same color so if
you got a mattress on top of you he
looks so cool so this right here is the
master bedroom they have over here guys
and it's got like an insane view first
of all look at that you get like the
whole ocean view but secondly let's go
check out the Wardrobe they have over
here like it is on another level guys
look at this I feel like I'm entering
like a bulletproof Rutledge's just so
like concealed you know it looks like a
hidden room
thank you no one look if nicki minaj
anybody I don't think Nicki Minaj will
fit on that chair god damn son I don't
even where you want to touch anything
guys but I have to I want to show you
guys oh look at that you see that when
you close it
lights off Oh lights on and then you go
oh oh no this is reviewing expensive
hotel rooms of Russia there you see has
it this one solid is logical easy easy
those that is right now an event of fire
break the tube what's you break that one
thing I didn't even realize about his
main bedroom guys there's a mirror above
the bed like you can look at yourself
while you're sleeping which is kind of
weird but pretty cool Russia
gonna do that no you know what I said
the people complain so they put tall
ones oh no way
people don't like looking at themselves
right guys imagine you're sleeping you
wake up and you see yourself like what
is going on you get so scared alright
guys we have to sleep on the bed and
look at ourselves scared we have to do
this I said that uh yeah whoa damn son
look at that guys there's a mirror above
me now that is awesome
now we're saying goodbye to this amazing
room guys for now let's continue you
know it's really cool guys like when I'm
walking by and I see the doors open I
can't help but look inside I'm pretty
sure the room being open means it's
empty out so anyways but Ella another
one we just came over to the 18th floor
now guys a bunch more gold over here
we're heading into a spa right now so
let's check it out
- this section behind me I think is
where all the spa things going but we're
actually going one up to the 19th or
guys because you can take better photos
up the thing is guys the corridor is
over here are so quiet it kind of feels
awkward speaking to you guys like boom
so we quickly stopped over by this area
they have over here it's like a library
and pool table that anybody can use guys
this library man I don't read books I
honestly hate reading books but this
this would make me read out sit here
relax have a coffee even though I ain't
comfy too hot ever to you know wait how
did they get down there what so quick
Henry's voice for now I think we're
heading out of here awesome time
checking out in the room today was my
first time checking out a room over here
and yeah I think we're gonna go eat
somewhere now but amazing views as
always the thing is guys I really wanna
one day just come like you know when I'm
a billionaire you guys to come and just
like buy a bunch of stuff like these all
my favorite watches the APS guys damn
you already know guys when this hotel is
involved you're gonna see something cool
like it's funny like I've been here like
at least five times but I've never shown
you the room so it's awesome that I got
to do that today
but there are more special rooms I'll
tell you that okay we saw like a medium
room today I'll make sure in the near
future I go take it's like you know the
penthouse suites and stuff so right now
we've come to have some lunch with the
crew guys check it out everybody's out
here and say hello to my special friend
guys what's up what's up what's up I'm
Albert
nice to meet so as you can see Albert
Rajat everybody is out here eat some
food actually here in the bye for a
while doing some big things isn't that
right
oh he's got all the plugs to the models
so any model you want he can get right
yeah anyone so can i DM you for models
yes you can yeah I like that I like that
so we just finished eating we're
actually heading over to the beach right
now and it's sunset and it looks amazing
I look at the view you see in front of
me right now guys Wow
it kind of looks like a postcard okay
right now we have no idea where we're
going guys I blame them I say that
we're true we decided to take the buggy
but because you could already fit five
people we have to ditch two of them it's
been a long day without you my friend
and I'll tell you all about it when I
see you poor savages guys we don't care
about anybody else we get the ride
hold tight
whoo all right that was a short note
would join you guys to turn around
huh yeah we wanted to take a u-turn but
they're here I feel really bad for a
 another guy that was like a
10-minute Drive guys so yeah they're not
reaching us anytime soon
whoa look at all of the birds above us
right now guys that is insane we got my
man what's up with so you're back on the
vlog you're back on the vlog the
organizer aka the man aka I hate you I
said the man a kid that I told you today
we came here because Rachid was doing a
photo shoot guys I wasn't kidding look
at this we got my man Russian modeling
right now hey give us that smile huh
yo I've realized you never smile to the
camera make it look sexy bro yeah I'm
gonna go start modeling on the other bad
guys let's do this I preach that I don't
need you guys with your professional
camera the bow shoe got so serious that
my man Ross had broke the bed I don't
know how he did that but they got crazy
up in here so right now I'm getting work
experience as a photographer so I'm
gonna be using the flashlight they press
the flash I just wanna see if it works
you're like I hate you why did you do
that why you know what guys that was way
too heavy for me to hold it's gone back
to my man the professional what are you
look more confused to me man
ah you're trying to use the hat Oh
nobody showed me there was a handle you
guys no paparazzi nope no paparazzi
please please please stop that so I know
I can't handle a second how did these
guys become photographers ladies boys
look at these boys Oh more the back you
can see the bill
alright let's go just get one of us
photo shoot is over we're heading out
for guys but one last time I know I've
showed you the view so many times but
this is like the perfect moment where
the Sun is saying that is beautiful guys
it's so what a start to a day guys damn
that was cool what's good our voice I
finally made at home and look who we
have over here karate girl is back in
action all that practice for that no God
dang you just failed the block yeah and
what you have one last try
oh Jesus jeez oh my let's leave let's
leave I'm done
it's getting worse it's getting worse
you know what no more karate for now
boys we're gonna go eat for now I got it
maybe you need some more energy in your
system ok the karate recorded oh yeah
you know the cat the camera ruined the
kid guy's Christmas tree oh my god in
the middle of the road what guys I never
had a dream come true till the day that
I found you oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god
uhh as always guys you already know what
it is late night we're having some
shawarmas case you guys are wondering
what this is it's chicken bread and all
that amazing stuff so the thing I love
about shawarmas guys it is so easy to
eat
number one it's easy number two it's
quick and it's cheap as hell but
honestly oh my god guys we just found a
baby cat ah hey isn't that the cat
before hello
nobody hi buddy
oh you're so tiny and he's so friendly
oh my gosh mom's gonna get you something
okay oh oh so free yo guys we literally
just we just pork look look at my car
yeah next to the Super Bowl this guy he
started running out of this parking lot
by the way look at that oh my god you
don't want the food are you kidding me
yummy when will I all right it's all
free now he's very moment doesn't want
it yeah if it is that I kind of want to
see where this cat came from it came
from somewhere down here but it looks
like it's fenced do you think I squeezed
through the fence huh I feel like you
know them dumb people movies guys that
like going explore places they're not
supposed to but no idea I think he just
kind of squeezed through one of those
gaps
whoa check that out guys
there's a birdie cracker mate
yo get the hell out of here what the
hell you doing over here buddy get off
the grass I told you once I'm not gonna
tell you again get off the gas enjoy
yeah yeah now you scared bro peace out I
got your boy hey Mel time with balls
okay so I did promise you guys I'd leave
a bunch of mail to open for like a
Christmas special guys but there's too
much there's honestly too much and our
box is full if you see that there's more
the kitchen guys like this is the small
package if you see that and it's already
filled up both the top and the bottom
guys and if you come in the kitchen
you see these boxes this is mail this is
goddamn mail right here oh my goodness
ah so let's get straight into these
packets guys this specific one was from
a mail time I did like a month ago but I
just didn't open this I literally forgot
to do so guys and I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I've already taken a look
at it it's actually really cool so this
is the book they set and when you open
it there's like a bunch of bows for my
snapchats like a mold blogs book Wow
look at that I don't even remember all
these photos I sent out guys like thank
you appreciate it so much
look at this you know how Kim Kardashian
has the selfie but guys this could be my
book you know this could be much Kim
Kardashian version of a book whoa
again we have a nothing card from a fan
guys he sent me a card with all of my
photos on the outside I'm not sure if
you guys can see that left and then his
bow in the middle so hello I think I got
one of the rarest fan mail
are ever going to see oh my god
they sent me a damn feather a bird was
killed in the process they're literally
somebody has probably picked this up off
the floor and said this to me bitch guys
I just got another piece of fan art and
did you want to see how they've drawn me
okay I don't even know what to say what
the hell why do I look like a piece of
chocolate guys please you know what I
love guys oh yes my fair is you know
lalala that is so me see that hey you
know why I take that back that is a
perfect skin tone guys perfect skin tone
oh yeah somebody sent us a toy mouse for
the cat's mom in it these scratches but
why are you guys sending me unlimited
roadside assistance free vouchers for
everybody eyes at three vouches for
everybody
you
sighs oh no oh my god what is freaky is
this only famous how old Salazar is you
maybe if you said that in thank you so
much it and thank you for the fear every
choice they yourselves a little family I
read through a lot of large guys look at
this look at this all of these letters
were read through guys so yeah thank you
to everybody
anyways I'm sure say goodbye to you guys
here I love you I'll see you guys
tomorrow because tomorrow we actually
have a spa day going on Oh
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow with
the massage I love you all and stay
awesome yeah oh my gosh yada-yada
