three two one go Mike draw
yeah are you serious you just you broke
it change what if I run welcome back to
another look how are you all doing
listen today is a good day guys
basically why is a good day
I don't know we actually have a couple
of crazy ideas we want to do but first
things first let's do some trampolining
I've been a long time bro so here's the
thing before we do anything today you
guys might have seen the gore kids the
other day and they're actually doing a
lot better
hey Dee Dee's how are you you're good
they handles their vaccines and stuff
like that done they're good
no more HIV no worse swine flu they good
tenant or not what they're Mexican for
the cat version of that stuff it's been
a real Johnson's I've done trampolining
so let's go back to me right before we
do any trampolining it's time to
synchronize ourselves with the earth
okay
that's annoying
yeah back with more baby let's go my
sister's about to do some company
this thing is really fun guys three two
one Oh bubbles can talk again hi
your voice is coming back oh if you
forgot our cat and lost its voice a
couple days ago I couldn't say anything
I literally on mute he's talking now now
he's got like a little croaky voice
again whoa boy so here is the thing I'm
not sure how many if you are watching
the videos I made in London but I
actually did some boxing training with a
professional kickboxer and he gave me
these gloves and right now I'm about to
train with them so they're actually
signed look at that if you guys have
been on YouTube recently a lot of
youtubers have started boxing matches
with each other and I feel like I could
probably knock half of them out oh yeah
it really is a fight
so you can't move your head Lucy where
you hang catches hands it are you so
next up we're gonna do a good speed bag
training guys now the thing is in boxing
you need to have your timing on point so
this kind of teaches you when to throw
your punches so much this is gonna do it
come faster yeah it's way harder than it
looks okay my sister is trying her best
bra yeah okay let me show you how it's
done
you wanna keep on doing this this kind
of builds up your arm muscles and it
just gives you that rhythm if you don't
train with this you might miss a punch
but then like when this is moving you
kind of learn where to throw your punch
okay use no charge all you got to try
and do speed bagging with your eyes
closed all right now how do you think I
can do it for no why'd you look so
aggressive when you're doing it this is
training you're not hitting a person
right now we actually have somebody very
very special coming to our house which I
haven't seen in a long time sigan yup so
guys this is the face sigan has never
been inside my house memory like he's
been in the garden but I realized he's
never stepped one foot inside our house
and today it's like when humans went to
the moon
he's going to put one foot
oh look cause here's a good rule I told
everyone you're coming into my house on
the vlog you've never been inside my
house bro I don't have traps in every I
sweat you want to go hi guys like it's
coming inside my house I mean I was
outside right it's like it's like going
to the moon it's gonna be your first
step but so sigan just pulled up with
his new car he just got an s-class by
the way which is super dope so let's
take him inside the house dad this is
the back door all you are here inside
the desk okay so there you go boys that
is science first visit to my house bro I
mean inside yes skrt skrt Mercedes gay
so I'm not sure if I she told you about
this if you guys don't already follow me
on instagram go follow me cuz that's the
only place I announced it me and sigan
were on a german documentary channel
yeah I remember
yeah we were just you just have to
youtube it just write sigan and move
logs documentary German TV that's it we
were on the biggest German TV channel
German girls where you at bro German
girls ich liebe dich I love you I can't
ich love a dish and you look good in it
like you look hard working with you are
what you look good that's good humble
which you are that's easy
yeah yeah and you look like you love
your fans which is good but you do well
you look like you're humble and you know
you said you have four and a half
million friends yeah just to show you
the documentary here is a sneak
guys angina Saito Mohammed attacked a
leash it's nama move locks ina day a
FERC license lager at nine Austin oh
wait wait a sec good so any card calm so
right now me and Saiga came over to the
gadget store and I know this sounds
really really weird but Seiken is buying
a Game Boy food bro no you remember this
this is when you were wait what is this
well this is just a magnifier why don't
you have a magnifier on it bro I have
one at home but mine the battery melted
inside so why are you buying a gameboy
this is 650 grams yeah it's expensive
for a gameboy no I mean you're from
another generation bro for sure there is
someone who knows this I'm gonna comment
on this video just like my comment and
subscribe and if you like to me also
I feel like sigan is doing game shopping
from people for four years ago kids
don't even know what this is anymore one
who remembers this but what is this
Super Mario man so to all the kids right
now watching this video this is like a
Playstation twenty years ago and when
your CD their work you go the wrong way
wrong way sorry I'm off on that
generator I'm not playing this is just a
memory oh yeah
purchase was made 200 dollars down the
drain
it's not down the drain I know there are
some people out there who feel me for
this honestly y'all shout out to all the
oh geez watching this work me know Jesus
or the old people watching my video
subscribe for Saiga right here that's my
guy alright well there you go the
purchase off the day boom just to prove
it you guys look at the price we paid
for that week I figure the price he paid
for that six hundred and fifty two
hundred dollars for this it's rare it's
not for it's rare boy give me a
screwdriver I'll make one of these for
you guys oh my god this thing takes
batteries moment of truth well we are
about to see if this ancient technology
works is it gonna work is it going to
work all roads not working
it's okay brother it's okay when I told
you is voiced a budget you didn't listen
still working rude but thanks you played
yourself a few moments later so here's
the thing I don't know what my boy wash
it has against my swimming pool but he
wants to cut it open
yo kick it as hard as you can oh it's
about to go down so you guys know you've
had this simple for a long time and it's
actually become moldy right right now we
are about to destroy the same for you
ready 3 2 1 go
the Russian is enjoying this so much
yeah this is the worst idea ever I feel
like this is a therapy session for Asha
that's a lot of water in there but whose
idea was this
how about this we go by three stream
pools and do it big one thumbs up this
video if you want us to buy three stream
pools and rip them open
yo I don't even know what to say right
now we literally just destroyed my
swimming pool like I don't know if I
should be happy about that
or sad but that looked really really
awesome like did you see that like
bringing guys as always I'm an end of
today's look here if you have enjoyed
smash the like button make sure to
subscribe if you're new I feel really
bad recycle guys he pad he spent $200 on
a broken Gameboy like I hope they gave
his refund because I that does messed up
that's my stuff anyways I love you guys
who are seats more for another epic
video and yeah as always galeano
