hey you guys don't even know this line
and fly yo guys what is up welcome to
another vlog so today is going to be an
insane insane day I'm actually heading
out right now to go to the desert
basically I'm gonna go on these dune
buggies and they're not any normal
junebug indicate these jewel buggies are
like the Bugattis of doom buggy I just
hope I don't die boys all right boys so
check it out I just made it over to the
desert I'm meeting all my friends
somewhere over here um yeah he's gonna
come pick me up right now I have no idea
where I'm supposed to go but I think I'm
in the right place for dune buggy I
think that's one of the dune buggies
over there coming but I'm not sure to
check it out we're just going into the
desert right now boys as you can see
just met up with some boys we'll start
what's up and yeah let's see how it goes
so if you don't know in the desert it's
very very bumpy guys so can I just have
to hold onto these things on the side or
LCME flying around whoa we made it so we
just made it over to the June buggies
right now the Bugatti June buggies and
there's actually dogs out here in the
desert whoa that is so cool there's guys
it's killing so the June buggies I'm
talking about which are extremely
powerful are these ones boys BAM
check this bad boy out I'm not sure if
I've ever seen anything like this look
at the engine on this dune buggy so
apparently I'm gonna be going in one of
these I don't know if I'll make it out
alive but it should be fun so since I
don't know exactly what engine this
beast is running I thought I'd let my
friend tell you guys so hey what's up
that engine Inlet seven four five four
two begins big supercharged who belongs
like thousand two hundred HP Wow a
thousand two hundred horsepower on the
sand voice yeah that is just insane it
is actually like a Bugatti on the desert
yeah
but the Lambo got into this Impala and
already they're about to switch this
beast on let's go
anyways boys I'm actually going to ride
in this bad boy I'm super nervous
because it's lost like super super
bother you can see and I can look really
really cool look at it it's so widen ah
oh my god this is insane
but you have to get strapped in property
that isn't some heavy-duty straps right
here so well so before we actually go on
those crazy crazy Tunes we're just going
to play around a little bit with the
smaller one so get it twisted the
smaller ones are still powerful my boy
is going to drift it for us let's get it
so I'm about to going to ride in the big
buggy if I don't make it out alive I
love yous good this is the one I'm going
in first so let's see how it goes I
don't feel safe going this side let's
see so crazy okay I don't feel safe
anymore I'm getting slapped in right now
my boys just doing my seat belt he's
gonna keep me safe okay I hope I hope
we're about to go right now I got here
anything song yes I'm gonna die I think
she's gonna die right now boy so
hey you guys don't even know this line
it's life
oh my god
hi we just came over to the petrol
station we're filling up this is Lucy
Lucy actually needs petrol guys yeah
no way not nice I'm not sure if you guys
can sell when you book the gas out on
this tour he goes up like you're about
to take off but yeah and I mention
edible and the petrol station filling up
gas this is just on another level right
now let's go let's go
those are nothing compared to us
Oh
yeah we flew right there that's right
we're going back into the desert boys
hold on eternal downtown
I just thought if this new buggy that
was the craziest thing ever I never ever
ever played I'm actually going to be
smoking to the more powerful one which
is why water reserves oh yeah
my eyes were nice I'm so scared right
now okay - captain are you changed or
even senses I really wish this around my
face so that passes I got my ear
let's get it
so we actually ran out of view right now
and we're stuck in the desert it was
pretty crazy the first off is pretty
crazy boys and yeah we have our savior
over here hey hey alright we're just
going to helping out this bad boy oh all
right
as you can see right now we're in the
desert literally our only hope is that
they come back for us if they don't
we're kind of stuck with this thing I'm
not sure if you can tell everybody in
the car is giving up boys they're just
sitting on their phone help us help us
we're like stranded he did this is to
protect your private fun really react
from falling I was about to say look I
thought it's just to hold you in damn
funny I just want to point this out
there if you can already see if you look
at this buggy from the back
it actually looks so crazy it's like a
spaceship kind of like the back part
sticks out so much I think it's for like
keeping the car down right the plane but
this is off Oh
so actually flames off yeah yeah you can
so the dude just came boys are actually
putting it into the car right now as you
can see yeah if you'll agree whoa whoa I
never knew that our voice oh there you
go we just finished up in the gym buggy
that was insane I'm not sure how much
you guys saw but it was crazy
I had the mower back here with the dogs
how you doing buddy ah hey come back
come back hey y'all hey leave the little
one alone that's not bad he's tiny
there's actually four dogs over here
boys I only showed you two of them but
the other one I'm going to show you them
now
apparently you can't even get close to
my ease the deadly one look at him you
see that black one in the corner hey
calm down
I'm your friend event leave if they let
him off the leash like you'll be chasing
all of us though yeah see I told you I
told you I didn't trust him I told you
wrong invoice my man's about to kill
someone over there oh wow
so calm down big fella calm difficult
yeah check it out they're just adding
some more wood to get this fire started
for not letting out fear boys I'm going
to say goodbye to the crazy June buggies
insane experienced man like insane say
sup apparently do this every like Friday
so I might be coming back boys alright
so I just made a hole boys this is a
sign that I went to the desert you see
how it's black on the corners when they
send in your camera it doesn't open
properly anyways I'm super tired
so sing it my mom granny bull and Lana
are heading out to a birthday right now
it's one of our friend's birthday it's a
girls only thing so your boy can't go
guys it's a girl the only thing okay I
wouldn't I want to joke I want to go
anyways I might be going to a football
match while they're at the birthday boy
so damn so my goodness it's your
birthday it's your birthday yo the
struggles of going to the desert are too
much boys look at my shoes look at my
shoes right now take your time and empty
the sand into the bin okay watch this
did you see that
hi guys welcome back home it's me and
motiva over here so check it out boys I
finally made it over to Ross sheds we're
about to go into the match area let's go
oh damn that miss fear that McPhee
as soon as I get in this one
we can just go leave it what a gold what
a gold
oh my the crowd is going crazy free kick
from really close up boys come on
for now we're heading out the football
match boys but check out one man he's
actually one of the professionals for
the younger team so who knows he could
be the next another I actually parked my
car right next to the bust where the
players get on so I was kind of blocking
their BOTS but we're leaving before the
match answer no biggie but that's really
funny
this is already barking so I could find
I don't even think it's a real barking
spot so he just made it over to the spot
where we're eating my boy Ross had
ordered like this really big nacho star
look at this damn it's on look at that
we've got pepperoni and sausage as like
American sausage and some other sausage
and then finally we have some chicken
don't mess with the chicken that's Ross
I quickly came over to the gadget store
before I head off home because I only
get one of these things basically these
are those like really cool head massager
so I'm going to quickly grab one of
those they're actually really cool boys
I like electric light I'm not sure if
you can see that they vibrate but trust
me when you put them on your head like
it feels so good
whoa so the thing is I actually really
want to buy a bike for myself because I
think it's good exercise but I'm not
sure if I'll actually usually you know
like a lot of times I buy stuff and I
have to be honest I kind of waste like
my boxing bag
I don't box enough anyways I came to
this bike store and look at the amount
of bikes that they have on the wall then
it's kind of tempting me to violon like
wah so look at what I just put it over
here in the tennis section you guys tell
me what this is for they have like this
machine over here with a tennis racket
inside it but I don't know what it's
supposed to do like wait what does it do
alway all now I know this is used to
like you know cut the strings and stuff
like that whoa it's so awesome that you
can just turn it like that yeah now that
is cool oh my god oh my god oh my god I
just realized something really bad
I have no petrol on my car it's red
there's one dot left in the petrol tank
so what happens when your horse which is
not like do I go to the side
I am suction in here oh my god and if I
don't make it home I'm gonna be stuck in
the road oh my god yes yes yes I found a
visualization I found it literally in
here as soon as I find the petrol
station look at my car says voice fuel
level Oh limited cruising range oh oh
you don't realize how happy I am voice
we made it alright as you can see my
baby's drinking the petrol right now BAM
check it out I'm guessing 130 140 boys
but we're gonna have to see hi 99
100 oh no I don't think you should go
above 140 but Oh Oh BAM right on the
dull boys guys look at my sister BAM
I'm a gangsta so birthday party today
and the first thing as soon as I walked
in everyone was wearing like elegant
dresses and I was like moved in town
wearing the Geisha Danny ma oh my
goodness oh my goodness so I can okay
Thomas cosmos you guys know I know so I
salute everybody I'm going to say
goodbye here I hope you've enjoyed
today's vlog you already know the
routine of the blogs if you haven't
already press subscribe over here and
watch my last video over here anyways I
love you will see tomorrow
we yeah leo
