yo yo guys what is up good morning and
welcome to another vlog so today's gonna
be a very good day the thing is I'm
actually heading out in the Ferrari
right now my mum we're gonna go see one
of our friends who's come here from
Saudi Arabia he's actually flown his car
over here as well yes I can Aventador
50th anniversary so let's go me up with
him have some fun and who knows I might
even swap my car with him I might just
tell him you know what you can have my
car I'll take your car it's all ok it's
all ok my mom does not like fast cars so
let's go
this cars crazy look up my hair right
now guys
okay so we're literally two minutes
around the corner from my friends hotel
so once I get there we should be in for
a little surprise and I think I am going
to be driving his car today so we'll see
okay for sure I'll be driving it about
swapping the cars let's see I have to
talk to everybody you know I don't think
he wants my car for a 50th anniversary
event the door but it's all good man
it's all good
so we just made it over here to the
downtown area guys look at this view
oh my God look at the clouds and
everything right now see this is what I
love about convertible you could see all
of this I just made it over to our
friends guys and look who's over here
Abdullah
so this is actually their car the
Aventador 50th anniversary and me and
him are gonna go to small ride right now
so let's get into this Aventador and
let's go know it's about to go down so
this is my first time in a 50th
anniversary Aventador so wish me luck me
trust me I hope I don't even know what
I'm doing
oh my goodness well how do you turn the
volume up this is the song that you have
to play this car boys
that's it we're done okay so for now I'm
saying goodbye to Abdullah guys you see
me and he were hanging out I'm gonna
call him a boot from now on you see
we're on the first day with big day
basis right now and yeah finally we're
gonna say goodbye to his car so bye bye
peace out high five oh whoa all right
and I'm finally home boys as you can see
my sister's having her snacks over there
the car is parked up and yeah a pretty
cool way to start the day by the way
just to let you know that car I drove
there was only a hundred of them in the
world literally is only a hundred of
that in the entire road so pretty cool
by the way a couple of your squad came
this morning to our house and they gave
me this it's like I think it supposed to
be a cake so I was like you know what
let me open it and see what it is guys
it looks good right it looks like a
muffin so I don't even know how do you
open this whoa what is that
I know what yo do you see that guys that
is an extra large muffin all right thank
you for bringing that buys yeah guys
look at this it's mostly a circle but
this slide yeah kind of got squished and
we got some Disney Chandi
chanting candy I messed up I tried to
say candy I'm gonna creamy eat my pizza
guys and then I'm actually heading over
to go meet my boy fatty and non and raw
 so yeah so I just made over to my
man fatty - what's up guys and I didn't
know my boy a yawn over here he was
waiting one hour for me to get here you
see I'm sorry for being late but that's
what's up man davon and I like that by
the way that kid is great in school he's
good at school he's very good at school
tell me what's your favorite subject no
I like that keep it that way stay smart
stay focused and achieve so right now
we're literally on like the 80th floor
guys and I want to show you the view cuz
it is absolutely crazy check it out for
yourself skies oh my god like I am so
scared up here you guys can see this is
ridiculously high boys
okay so right now we're in Patty's house
and Russian wants to show you some
dribbling skills go go oh oh oh that was
a good one Ozzy good so this is my first
time over a fatties house guys and you
know how you call him fatty cakes
because the demand is there he likes
this is what his kitchen looks like
right now guys what now do you have like
a sponsorship with these guys you do no
way okay so he does have a sponsorship
guys and he has like a bunch more cakes
over a year damn son and the thing is we
actually went a bunch more dessert
downstairs I we got a bunch of
chocolates and yeah fatties got the
eating house the eating house that
anyways really really cool house over
here we're actually gonna go downstairs
and play some basketball so let's get it
so we just made it downstairs to over
where the tennis courts are the boss you
will courts at the moment there's people
playing on them so if they finish we're
gonna go play some basketball but in the
meantime I want to go watch the fountain
show guys cuz it's actually going on
right now but if you see in front of me
you see that guys it is so cool woo Oh
bad oh man look at that that is insane
oh my goodness look at the Burj Khalifa
right now boys
okay so we finally got on to the
basketball court if you guys can see
that and you already know what time it
is it's time to place a ball uh QG bro
ah wait what is that is it I'm done
don't tell me it's over now I shot him
I'll roll I tell light are you kidding
me as soon as we get the court no way
bro hey so while we're playing welcome
guys look who I ran into what's up
what's up we have two of the best tennis
players here in Dubai so you already
know zoom professional so I knew him
before he's famous guys and we have the
coach don't forget guys the best in the
league anyways keep on going guys keep
going and yeah I'm dying guys I'm so
unfit but peace out great seeing you
guys see you thank you thank you so much
good 2119 and like 18 guys close game
how did I go Russia
no I'm saying huge G C because they're
calling in money so I don't want to like
I'm gonna agree with you somewhere oh oh
really like you know uh anyways there's
excuses got second place guys fatty so
how did I go there's a man I'm really
really impressed with your game oh I'll
I just youtuber God my court skills were
on fire fee uh anyways oh hello so right
now we're actually playing with a bunch
of guys and I just took myself out cuz
I'm dying guys fatty rocket and the tool
guy are together and it's against our
the three shell oh oh oh
by the way these homies wanted to be in
the vlog I say yo yo is good
we just finished playing basketball we
accidentally opened that door without
the card and it's going crazy I see you
guys oh you know you got this pushed it
oh what the hell was that fatty i just
opened the yeah i'm excited going
good son oh yeah guys so he pushed the
door open and then we were on an alarm
system we always got arrested imagine
they did the Poli Poli SH by the way
guys in case you're wondering what this
says he taught me it says blessed you
see ble ssed
but they've made it look Arabic so it's
like a mind confusion type thing Oh II
SS d worthy yeah bro it's an e we're
very gaunt read a mission English with
dots no he is like this person is yeah
it's like joint E so since you stopped
my father's house guys I thought show
you his sneaker collection because he
has something going on over here check
it out so my boy rock shirt is taking a
look there
damn son alright so as you can see guys
he's got some limited stuff in yes all
fries
what are these how many in the world mm
mm that's it Jordans thumbprint is on
the back yes yes
oh damn guys Marty closes um that's
Michael Jordan's thumbprint they're my
favorite thing in the connection guys is
the fact that he has the Black Keys
he's got the turtledoves the moon rocks
the 750s I mean it's Yeezy madness out
here boy this is fatties cousin you
might know him I'm not sure if you do
these this is a small DJ you know DJ can
I feel so bad like we spent the last 1
hour playing boss we're trying to get
fit guys and as soon as we came here we
literally finished all the snacks look
at look at this guy's all of this all of
this is gone guys so I'm pretty sure all
the exercise we did does not count
oh let me demigods out it's done oh so
for now everybody's heading out boys
Russians going on his cars over here we
about to go solitude will be the best
basketball I'm the boy we're gonna play
basketball again some more apparently if
I could wake up guys because at the
moment I'm dying so peace out and I'm
gonna go to the mall with my family to
eat some food so I'll see you there whoo
all right so I just made it over to the
mall guys I'm actually meeting up my mom
and sister over here cuz as I said I'm
feeling to die right now if I don't eat
right now within the next 10 minutes I
might pass out but you know what's funny
look at this you're my sister's car over
here my car over there
Ballu cares all i care about is food
right now so let's go by the way guys I
was literally just walk around the mall
and I met a bunch of other youtubers on
without--without now there's only two of
them left but there was about eight of
you guys I
so my biggest youtuber from Saudi Arabia
they just met by accident when I go
what's up that way I know you I know you
I know you I know you these two guys
also make videos so what's your channel
in the house that's all but I do my
material in Arabic okay so he's average
speaking Erik speaking yeah
guys calm and put the translations below
monocle channel is eight gigabit all KB
he's got some muscles bro yeah so
anyways all something you got possession
Yolo Yolo Bowl so I just made it over to
my mom and sister look at the view we
have over here guys the Burj Khalifa is
changing colors right now that is insane
oh my god Wow
so I was just time lapsing the Burj
Khalifa guys but the show is going on
for like ages it never goes on for this
long look it's still going like I've
never seen it more than one minute guys
every time I come I literally just see
at the end and I'm like oh I missed it
but now like it's continuously going yo
this shop has the most beautiful
Christmas tree ever guys look at this
oh my goodness it's like gold and then
when you look up you have this insane
chandelier wow if my room was like this
I'm not leaving I'm not leaving by the
way this is actually a chocolate store
guys and they have like the coolest
candy ever I look at this one they're
like a pot shaped candy they have fruit
they literally have everything over here
so that is insane so right now you can
be stop by the supermarket to grab a
couple of groceries but they have over
here which is pretty cool those are all
turkeys guys yes you heard me right
Turkey turkey Turkey turkey Turkey
turkey Turkey
no I don't know when Thanksgiving is but
I know from internet like Instagram and
stuff is Thanksgiving when you have like
a stuffed turkey I know this might sound
very dumb but I don't know guys for now
we're heading out guys my mom and sister
are riding in the Lambo I'm going alone
in the Ferrari but that means they're
gonna record me on the streets let's go
okay let go
this car is louder than mine
Oh
Oh
yo we made it home we made it home now
that won't let me wrap up today's vlog
but before I do let me speak to you guys
for a minute I kind of want to rant a
little bit Kay and then I'm going to
continue talking so first things first
the YouTube rewind came out like the
thing they have every year where they
put like all the big youtubers and I'm
not even mad that I wasn't in it I am
mad that I wasn't in it guys but I saw
like big people weren't in it like
there's youtubers like Roman Atwood
isn't in it rice come wasn't in it
like huge it was I was like what what is
going on here here anyways that was
pretty awesome I watch that video guys
secularly you guys know my friends love
their sneakers and I'm kind of
influenced by them and basically two
more a super super super limited pair of
sneakers are dropping they're good like
the space gems basically what that means
is everybody wants them but literally
nobody can get them it's just you know
you know that type of thing so tomorrow
we're gonna try and get those as well
I'm pretty sure we can get them this
reefs been crazy hectic man trust me
guys besides from everything you guys
have been seeing on YouTube I've been
having a bunch of meetings because as I
told you guys I think I told you
yesterday before yesterday I want to
start doing a lot of stuff other than
YouTube and that doesn't mean I'm
getting rid of YouTube or anything but I
want to start doing new things you know
that opened more doors and more
opportunities etc etc so big things to
come I'm gonna keep you guys updated
don't worry and yeah as always I love
you make sure to subscribe if you
haven't already tell your friends your
kids your wife's watching you go tell
them right now and yeah just be part of
the family I'll see you guys some more I
love you yell Yolo boy
