yo guys what is up good morning and
welcome to another vlog so today is a
beautiful view of what Abe you can
already see look at the weather it's
just amazing today I've got a bunch of
stuff planned now right now I'm heading
over to my boy RSK
we're actually going to a theme park
basically I think their company actually
made this theme park so we get early
access to it after that I need to go
sort out my number plate for my car I
did tell you I want to try and get a
nice plate number so a bunch of stuff
going on anyways let's go and have an
amazing day
I just hit the water stop hey don't
start Hey no stop hey run metal Nabby
111 so check it out I finally made it
over here to the boys your you know what
it is you got today we are escape on
emotional more money out here yeah how
we got the amazing few guys I've never
been here in the morning and check out
this view you get Wow
obviously we can't forget recovering yet
we got something here
the lady of the house or we got a
menorah motion motion game pre-opening
and guys as I said it's not even open
yet we have VV VIP access so you already
know telly made it happen and important
yeah she's a very important lady guys
she's the first lady by the way I
completely forgot to introduce the
legend guys the rapper of the century
why Eminem is here last Lesage I already
knows partner-in-crime
the singing dog if you guys don't owe me
baby
oh you need to work on those vocal cords
they're not hitting the spot now look at
this wire this guy still has I don't
understand bro just picked up the
brand-new Ferrari and look at a wire
she's go even not bad it's so bad it's a
little like cut in there anyway my
seatbelt on cuz I'm a man he just got
the brand new car you might want to drop
them it's gonna be a crazy adventure a Z
I saw the video man that car was crazy
so we just made it over to where we're
supposed to be and funnily enough if you
guys remember the vlog remade in the
Indian theme park it's actually here so
both the theme parks are next to each
other I'm pretty sure they're
competitors now like know our theme park
is veteran of seven among you each other
seven theme parks we're just entering
this place guys and honestly I don't
even feel like we're in Dubai like this
place there's Christmas music you're in
yeah I feel around America around
damn son are we in the park yeah it's
just the part I don't know I think we're
not even know where we are boys I feel
like I'm in America right now guys it's
a she's lit so we actually came through
the wrong place guys we're supposed to
be on the other side of this bridge but
at least we came here to see the
Christmas tree and everything like that
so there's literally like a humungous
chair right here guys
and I'm not sure if we can go up but I'm
pretty sure we're allowed to go do it
I brought me do it I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry that's a chair hey guys hello
let's not do anything bad about Aggie
like keep down okay so you finally made
it over to the theme park guys check it
out we are here here we got the tickets
I don't know how we we managed to do it
guys so time to go in and see what the
space is about here it goes yeah you're
just tapping mine thank you yogin mine
were me now you have to take mine we are
now inside I can show you
shining shimmering splendid
this theme park is actually massive
right now my boy Moe has got the mat now
we're trying to figure out where to go
listen I'm the planner hood I'm trying
to organize over
back this is why we never come out of
them picnic you don't have a picnic I'm
having pie out of pepper aye sir I'm
never coming out with this guy again
what the hell's going on but this is
Romney and his natural habitat guys
whatever he's acting normal
it's because I tell him Romney I'm
blogging please just come on guys
contain yourself contain yourself sad
it's not Jenny its Jedi listen to the
music over here into motion before you
know so much it the music is nice
check it out you already know what it is
we're a mr. penguin that's what's up
that's what's up dabble them let's get
it she's gonna be she's gonna be your
net you and let you join em be sly try
hit the phone oh stop hey don't stop hey
let's get it hit the dab did the Dowd
you chew on that be yeah you can get
yeah yeah yeah I'm sorry to say you are
the big penguin it's just it's all in
the tummy I'm sorry I'm sorry
he's happening good bye bye guys yalla
yalla peace I think this is the first
rider about to head in boys let's go
whoa we're not even on the ride yet so
like crazy car over here what is this
damn son like a lot whip that's nice
you're a really nice car guys we're
about to go on the first ride guys I'll
see you on the other side okay plays a
small alright let's go let's go here
goes nothing here goes nothing whoa
oh no what are these random breaks those
I see no all right random noises I think
that was a kids ride that was so slow
that was the ride I hope you enjoyed it
he shall know were you and your glances
throughout the whole thing yeah anyways
guys we have a special guest right here
Danya on the vlog what's up what's up
you already know is Don diggity don't
diggity Don's you already know the plug
look at where we made it boys we made it
over to the Ghostbusters the
Ghostbusters are over there but actually
a Ghostbuster ride or something over
here so that's where we're about to go
let's get it hello are you gonna call
Ghostbusters remember the slogan I ain't
afraid of no ghosts yeah that actually
so dope right now boys
this place is commuting it's like a maze
trying to get on guys yeah I bet you if
you touch something like something will
come out I feel like it's one of those
trap go this I should really who guys
this ain't even real books it's fake you
see that oh oh oh that can't be good I
don't know what's going on but we have
some guns there's supposed to be some
ghosts in here
oh yeah what are you doing he gave me a
big guy no way is the working I don't
know it's not my Brady Bunch
oh we got the big guy we got the big I'm
gonna put the camera away kisses there
you go that was the Ghostbusters ride we
killed some ghosts in there that's the
ride we need to go on boys it's like a
ride where takes you up and drops you
down okay what's going on over here boys
this does not look normal I think
somebody's been killed over here guys so
I don't know why we're going in here as
I said this is a very bad idea
no lions and instead we're just about to
go on this ride boys let's go let's get
it we're about to go up boys but as I
said I'm not looking to lose my camera
so you guys are going in my pocket
that's footage we're up in like
we're about to drop we are about the oh
my god guys I feel like I'm iPhone this
yo that was the craziest ride I've ever
been on guys now looking bad the view of
the whole party oh yeah I was crazy I
know I put my camera away but I'm taking
RHK spray on my face bloggers like why
is Robbie talking up no okay let me show
you what you guys just watched let's
show them again you've already seen on
the program guys when we showed up it
was crazy like I was complaining it look
nervous
all right anywhere here guys anywhere
here so the big man Rafi just joined us
what's up what's up guys sir the guy who
built the park okay he built this whole
place guys so you already know we're
about to play some basketball right a
survival let's get it
who's the best our basketball youth
rings good question poor you say you're
the best of everything
IOC we'll see give they call me the gift
full o ever bonus shot let's go oh
Oh every single one of us we are like -
honey
I already know boys your boys a
lightsaber I need one bro
I need what so we could fight Oh just
break the camera no big deal just hit
the guy in the head bro I preserve our
boy so for now we're heading out as a
gang here you know what it is you know
it's really cool guys look at this
restaurant I don't know what the movie
is good I think it's like raining meat
rules or something
wait what is not even the chance laude
with a Chance of Meatballs but as you
can see this restaurant is based on that
good bye see you next time whoo so for
now I'm heading to the showroom to go
get my car I did tell you in the morning
I was gonna go get it today
the things we stayed here way longer
than I expected so yeah just it just
took so long guys so let's go see what's
up and yeah hopefully I can drive away
with my Ferrari today so there's gonna
love running around today but I finally
made it over to the showroom check it
out this is not my car by the way this
is not my car a lot of people actually
thought this was my car but this is
actually a four five eight like special
or something basically it's much more
expensive than mine anyways it's Chris
ego my car is and sort out the plate
number so right now I'm actually heading
down into the basement that to know my
car is and they're actually gonna be
delivering my car to my house like later
on tonight so yeah you know it's funny
guys you know there's a lot of cars
around when you can't find your car like
there's so many cars around here but one
cool car down here look at this if you
guys are really about cars this is a
Toyota Supra y-o-u car guys should know
what this is yo you know what's crazy
guys so you know how I went looking for
my car and I couldn't find it I gave up
it's cuz it's in here it's in this great
thing basically I recreate across the
road we're gonna take it to register now
and then I'm gonna drive out with it so
finally so we just finished up over here
at the Archean as you can see
here is my plate number I finally got it
so as you can see they're just putting
the plate number on the car oh look at
that guys you know what's funny if you
flip the zero in the one it kind of
looks M and then the sevens the V and
there will be vlog you know I don't know
if it's just me saying that but it looks
pretty cool dope stuff and yeah now the
plate numbers on the car boys let's
unlock it and head out so I don't even
know where I want to go with it now I
might just go pick up my mom and head
out somewhere just for dinner but yeah
the baby is finally in my hands with a
plate number I know I've literally
collected the car like twice until now
but it feels so weird like now it's
legit like my mind you know like it's
got my plate number on it everything so
let's go ahead and push the start this
is officially my first time ever pumping
gas into the car guys let's see how much
it takes oh it was pretty much empty oh
okay this is way more than my Mustang
thanks guys so so far it's on 115
normally my Mustang empty empty empty
takes like 95 at max we just hit a
tunnel here goes nothing
so as you can see boys I just made a
home with my car but there's one thing I
need to do before we do anything else
guys every time somebody gets a new car
in the family it's like good luck to run
over egg with the car so I think we did
the same thing when we got my Mustang if
you guys remember so go for it mommy put
it under the wheel guys it's like I
don't know it gives us good luck kind of
thing if you know what I mean so
so today's an amazing amazing day so far
guys but before I say goodbye to you I
want one more minute of your time just
to talk with you guys so as you can see
today I finally got the car my driveway
is now on my name I got the plate number
and everything like that set and
everybody's been asking me how do you
feel mow I'm gonna be honest with you
guys I feel the exact same honestly I
felt like I had this car before I even
had this car you're probably wondering
like what are your crazy mo are you okay
and I'll tell you what I've always had
it set in my mind that I will achieve
something like this I'll get myself a
car like this or a super car and what
I'm about to show you my mom actually
put this on my wall I had no idea this
was gonna be there when I go home but
when I was in school and at the time I
never knew I was gonna do YouTube or
anything like this so let alone get a
Ferrari now basically we had like a
Boeing system in school you know where
they vote for a Prius Person of the Year
or most amazing dancer I'm going to show
you the two things I got bullied for a K
BAM future millionaire a most gullible
so the thing is in school guys I always
used to say I'm gonna own a bank I don't
know how I got that in my head and I was
serious guys I was like no I'm gonna be
a bank manager I'm gonna own a bank and
the things I just said it as if like it
was going to happen guys I had no idea
how I was gonna do anything like I
didn't know how it's ever gonna start
YouTube lie back at the time I need a
couple of gaming videos but the thing
I'm trying to say is guys just always
try it and think you have something and
you will get it like if you guys want a
Bugatti believe it to the point where
you start thinking okay this is how I'm
gonna get it like you know so yeah guys
I just want to say I'm super grateful of
all of you guys I really love you all
and yeah just saying that on my wall
kind of made me like it kind of touched
me you know like seeing that like this
is me before anything like future
millionaire and yeah I'm gonna keep on
grinding or working and we're a lot cool
coming up in the near future besides
from vlogging like completely separate
to vlogging so let's see how that goes
just keep grinding and doing you anyways
I love you all if you haven't already
please make sure to subscribe my mum was
decorating the whole room guys oh yeah
by the way this box is all stuff you
guys have given so that is crazy look at
little toys you guys have sent me
anyways what I'm trying to say is thank
you I love you all and just be positive
and move forward in life see you
tomorrow
Yallah Yolo boy boom
