yeah everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog so today we're starting out
the day by giving back what we stole
again we're giving back this package
which came and it's not even for us it
has a yellow Yolo and sign this toy had
a Yolo Yolo head sign and apparently it
wasn't even for us like how ironic does
that need to be yeah that was with it as
well yeah we could steal this they won't
even realize they won't even realize
that
here she goes guilty for stealing a box
guilty you opened the box about Nikki
whoever owns that we're sorry for
opening it a few moments later so my
sister just made it back from the post
office and while she was giving back the
package we actually got a massive
package in return I literally 2 meters
by meter would offend of out of your car
all right
we're gonna go get it out right now boys
I haven't seen it yet let's see oh oh oh
so you saw what it is Ward hi Mahmoud we
saw that you buy some carts for your
hoverboard but they always break so we
decided to give you on crazy cart
limited edition of art check it out boys
this is it it's a hover car it's a chair
wait why is it a swegway chair right oh
my gosh oh wow is that an iPhone like
attachment of things this is my third
swegway chair no we got so many things
so many - a great chance you know what
thank you guys for sending that it I
really appreciate it mommy mores gonna
be yeah where do I fit this yeah it's
all guys the kitchen is off so in case
you haven't watched yesterday's vlog
basically I went and bought a couple of
ingredients I'm gonna be applying a
black mask on my face apparently this is
supposed to light remove your blackheads
this is what it is in case you haven't
seen basically you make it out of two
ingredients glue and charcoal powder so
right now I'm gonna give it a shot
so let's see how it works here goes
nothing we're gonna put the glue in
right now whoa
here's the second ingredient the
charcoal powder this stuff honestly
looks really bad for you my god
look at that so to get the charcoal
powder out of this we need to cut it cut
it cut it cut it cut it
oh oh oh I'll give it one second are you
messing up my bed Moses charcoal yeah I
don't know what is but why would do you
have charcoal I mean what does it help
before it kills you pills and potions
swear overdose urn this is the
black-faced mosque mine turned out gray
I think I did something wrong but we're
gonna apply it onto my face so here goes
nothing boys in your eyes moment is this
a beauty channel right now I think I'm
gonna be Jennifer I need a mirror I'm
trying to see on my camera right now
guys and it's not the best idea it's
getting too close to my iPhone my god
it's gonna take my eyebrows off my
sister sucks are helping me excuse you
mess up my room there you go boys that
is the black mosque apparently it takes
like a half an hour to dry so I'm gonna
catch you guys once this is dried on my
skin so yeah let's see how this goes no
grandma you like my face are you very
nice this is the rusty like a good idea
oh my god do not try this at home you
can't move your face or whoa it's
nothing it's all right make a shot face
that's not a shot for that you look
happy look oh my God look at your face
god this is so much easier than I
thought it'd be
oh it's peeling off my nose hair oh my
god what it's gonna be dragging your
face or something what is oh Jesus it
hurts some party see Lucy oh oh it's
pulling wire oh damn huh it would start
your eyebrows look I took her blackheads
they're right sure let me see
do you see that this actually worked it
took off my blackheads oh that is so
gross whoa all right so I clearly went
and washed off the rest of the face most
boys check it out
my skin.i she looks super super clean
right now time for a special boxing on
the vlog there we're gonna be opening
the boom box naughty boy yesterday boy
so let's get straight into this are you
ready no refunds bro I thought doesn't
have that I thought it was just like
written on it you can plug in a mic
store see excited oh my gosh karaoke
system that is so ho
Oh Oh my desk this is the most random
thing to add for free on wheels it's got
wheels right those loud
rookies on when you step back and your
back is no runnin I'm runnin a quick
house trust me there's no money I can
show you
shining the shimmer bees
okay vomit cut hi we calling her your
voice number one voice and number two
it's just getting weird we're putting
the batteries into the microphone right
now to see oh my what - that is loud
that's right now this is what I'm the
echo echo just a joke oh there you go
that is the new speaker system I've
actually got a ton of ideas I want to do
with it so yeah for now I just wanted to
show you it also so here it is boys this
is the new GoPro I bought the GoPro 5
you know what's really crazy about this
GoPro I didn't know but the new ones
don't have a casing anymore so they're
just war proof even without the casing
which is good because that means the
audio is better on them okay so let's go
ahead and open this bad boy up whoo come
on do something I whoa wait Ravin look
how weird is there a GoPro
oh my god whoa yo check this out this is
the head strap that I bought for the
GoPro damn son I look like I'm about to
climb a mountain right now I'm all
strapped up boys got my GoPro in my bag
let's go let's do some rock climbing
boys it it's good exercise by the way so
that's why I'm doing it
yo look at this there's a yellow
Lamborghini
oh you always see something cool in the
streets of the buy so check the ice may
towards the boys what's up so we're back
at your black hat about to go do some
rock climbing right now if you can see
in front of my boy over there BAM
oh I don't even see that only me and our
scare are going up the wall we gotta
find out we need to sign the life man it
always comes Adela I've signed my life
away about 50 times this year I'm not
sure why we're man walks on let's see
what it says release of liability
assumption of risk please take note
before safety I don't you can trick them
do you read it right yep don't worry I
got this you ready bro yeah you see my
ready I feel like a construction worker
right yeah let knife you fold you're
good yo yo
no tell bees please at all oh those are
stinky it's a race another race between
vlog Z's and RSK
this time it's not a Lamborghini and a
Ferrari I'm like a Toyota Prius right
now
a little bit so are all straps up now
ready to go up yours crazy they give you
a pouch and it has powder inside it like
you look at my hands I'm going to take
the powder off and then
BAM Oh high-five yeah oh damn all right
wait how are you gonna rub your head
okay okay anyways as you can see this is
for Britain guys so serious business
before you go in check this place out
yeah oh snap look at that there I wanted
to go up that's crazy why is it closed
Wow I just wanna stay in here and spin
all day high times go all the way all
the way up all right ours case winning
what's going on here
Wow you're pretty high Bugsy's hours
Kaiser probe haha he's scared I was
gonna win this one who's gonna win this
one it's one one who got it Oh
RSK ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
oh no so on vlog this is exhaustive you
know I went inside and I was gonna vote
it on Versailles I stole one of his
colors each other while holding hands on
the rock on a wall climber like what is
this look at that wall oh snap oh
backward oh my god you're about to do a
little backflip
so our skis gonna do this we're gonna do
this on one by one cuz it's so hard so
oh my God look at how he's going up oh
my god composure
there's no way oh he did it
oh he's hiking he's hiking oh my god yo
you're about to die big fella
oh my god ah she called it out she's
like he's about to swing yeah she said
you're about to say I was born like
poison that was super oh so you got
around there okay that's that's the mark
to be you got it bro I don't even know
how to start it girl I believe in you
right fly by hey this guy than you right
green no he's hanging up they ask you
how you are you say that you're fine
you're not really fun you just can't get
into it because they would never
understand you know what boys I give up
I suck I just can't do this anymore
I'm on Team Romney now that's it y'all
lucky I'm gonna I'm gonna have a big
advice that's like a more yeah you see
that
funny and he's very good boys that is
our little rock climbing session that
was so hard like my girl dad we really
might go look at my hair we're gonna
head swing I'm super super tired all the
shops have closed now so we're gonna say
goodbye to the boys until next time BAM
let's go these are guys one thing I
still can't believe like I don't know
how they're giving away a free BMW i8
when you buy a house like it still does
not make sense to me I'm gonna come why
one day to see what the terms and
conditions are I really want to know
like how would you buy a house and get a
free car like worth a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars or something like that
is insane all right I just made it home
it's been a long long day so I'm gonna
say goodbye to all of you here make sure
if you haven't already pressed subscribe
here BAM or watch my last video over
here okay if you've done that you're
amazing if you have it BAM click one of
those right now
and you guys I love you will I'll see
you tomorrow yell yell oh boy boom
