you call it Stephanie I call Anthony I
just want the neck my mother
yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so we're starting today's
vlog nice and early
4:00 p.m. core guys I'm from the Middle
East like I just woke up two hours ago
but yeah right now we're heading over to
the mall
I'm getting my speed bag today so we're
gonna start properly exercising at home
so let's go get it okay so I quickly
came over here to the Sport Shop I got
my speed bag guys so I'm gonna go home
put it on and test it out the thing is I
shall never really properly used a speed
bag but I just liked the full if you
know how you're gonna hit it and it
bounces back so hopefully I can do it
because it isn't as easy as it looks let
me just say that
so by the time I made it back home I'm
not sure how it took so long but we got
the bag let's go connect it to the
machine or whatever you call it and
start boxing so for the past half an
hour guys I've been trying to get my
speed bag onto the hook which is over
here but I don't know how to connect
this to this guy's I don't know how to
open this you know this it's just not
opening I'm just struggling like it's
taking off an hour I've been hitting it
with this thing which I'm pretty sure is
not a good idea to hit it with like a
screwdriver but it's all the option I
have like I have no idea what else to do
I'm just trying to like break it open
somehow it finally opened up guys time
to put the speed bag on Sol oh you
dropped something the bag goes right
there and there you go boys the speed
bag is now on yeah you're amazing at
this you're amazing at this what are you
trying to do come on you need a rhythm
you need to rhythm retard alert retard
alert clam
Oh mommy aah mommy Moe's coming in oh oh
oh
retard alert retard alert stop our
killer mmm
hi this stop w stop the abuse so the
thing is you guys because it is late and
this makes a lot of noise we're gonna
bring it inside the house and just put
it here because I think people are gonna
start complaining if we just keep on
that I thought I thought I liked it
makes a long nose so let's take it
inside
and there you go the boxing bag is in
the house this is Dylan Alex whoa Joe
don't break your bull
Oh move to all the haters this is what
you get this is what all of you haters
get there is a too strong man I'm sorry
you know watch out
what's your hold a hater she's coming Oh
what was that I'm so very sure oh my god
Lana Rose is going in do we have a new
world champion in the village damn maize
popping out yo guys look at that look at
that guys lit tree I think my hands
broken oh my sister what are you sad no
no no it's look at that look at that
bump oh you don't you see what's
happened there Oh what the hell yeah it
looks like I've broken my bone
guys I think she did something to her
hand I told you you laughing at me but
my leg oh this camera look compare my
hands guys I think my sister
legitimately broke her hand like doing
that what there's something black on
this one I told you it's looks what the
hell is wrong with it it Smith what the
hell I told you I think you broke your
hand I know okay so he quickly went to
the first place - everybody knows
frosters we went to Google and Yahoo and
basically apparently it's normal if you
park something really hard you can have
swelling so we're just reading some of
the answers and stuff over here swelling
is caused by having ruptured a tiny
vessel yeah you ruptured something in
there yeah how is this my fault that she
broke her head if you guys ever have
this problem - all you need to do is put
some ice on it guys that's if you can
see if you can do this stem put some ice
on if you can't go to the hospital yeah
you've broken your arm if you've done
that we've got a special medicine over
here
so as a result the boxing we now have a
wounded person guys and it's not bubbles
it's Lana guys he looks like the one
that's wounded look at him he's like
dead but we're gonna wrap my sister's
hand with this I don't know why we're
doing this but I've just seen on movies
guys why are you being cheap with it we
need a lot more that's it that's all she
gets it's gonna open up there we go
there we go guys guys she's trying to
claim she's trying to claim that
life-insurance money she's trying to
claim that life-insurance money she's
going on snapchat telling people oh look
at this guy's
look at this I broke my arm I broke my
arm for an hour actual heading out we're
going to the wellness fruit I don't know
where that is guys there told me about
it so let's go check out the world of
fruits I guess there's a lot of fruits
over there more don't love is musty no
more because of his new car guys what
the hell what the hell we have you my
brother says I can't talk on camera
that's why I don't blog no more because
of him because guy I don't understand
like I just talk all right let me talk
to you about a cup you see this Cup
it's got roses on it and the roses
there's 20 of them well how do we do
this blogging thing you need to teach me
and I'm sure there's some your squad out
there who want to know how to do this
whole blogging okay so when you're like
nice advice on the vlog if you're on the
vlog and you don't want your face to be
in it with this what you do see now you
can't see me because you're talking to a
flashlight right now guys so we just
made it over to the area where we're
supposed to be guys and the place that
my mom and sister brought me is a juice
store and I have no idea how they found
this place but let me go inside and show
you concise you very cool decorations in
that oh my goodness check this place Oh
well this is fruit heaven right here I
have no idea where we've come to this is
actually a juicing store like they sell
juices but they've made a room out of
fruit what
what that is crazy look at this you've
got blind apples over here we've got a
kid over there
I mean there's everything out here they
got it he has no idea what to do hey
buddy
yo yo squat it it is
they've even got boss skits of fruit if
you guys are wondering why there's a
lack of avocados in the world this is
why look they've made a whole avocados
pillar out here this is actually a
freezing room guys like this room is so
cold right now I think it's something
stop them from going off it is cold but
oh you know what not bad not a bad place
we've come to you guys oh my goodness
the amount of fruits in this room alone
is just insane so honestly guys it is
actually so so cold in here I think I
mean to leave like I've already got a
cold right now and there are these big a
she's like blowing wind at you I was the
temperature on this thing just look at
it and is blowing wind on you like we're
at a photo shoot or something oh come oh
my god this looks so cool what no it's
really really cool the way they've
actually set this up they've sent it
taped all the fruit on hey look at that
each fruit has been 1x1 sellotaped that
is crazy guys this place is lit guys I
love it
that's it man we're heading out before I
die a freezing a bowl so we're actually
trying out some of the fruit drinks they
have over here and we're just gonna
taste some of the different flavors they
have so let's get straight into this is
really really colorful guys that's
avocado that uh this is like the juicing
diet I was talking about look you have
like a bunch of juices you can have
anyways boys we just finished up over
here as you saw we really want to taste
this all the juices they
we're pretty nice cool design let's go
so right now you've actually come over
to the deira city centre if you guys
know to buy or live in Dubai you know
this is like one of the first moles ever
that was made here I think the last time
I came here was like three well how long
ago did we come here maybe one year ago
okay the last time you properly came
here was ten years ago
wait did I not come here before ten oh
so the last time I think it was ten
years ago our bad guys this used to be
our spot though that doors
da-da-dah so my chicken just made it
over here check it out guys we got that
hot chicken and missus broken hand she's
stealing my food you guys you see I'm
broken and does not stop her from
stealing food oh look at that guys it's
actually getting bigger
ouch yeah yes even so much
you stole my pork and knife are you
kidding me here right I'm gonna take
this time to tops to yo-yo squad right
the hell outta here man days that
you know I miss you guys I'm sorry for
the late uploads on my blog so I won't
get much of a shout-out here guys go to
knock throws my youtube channel link
will be already here click in the middle
damn son damn we destroyed that food
guys well it's actually so so spicy guys
like I'm feeling the afterburn right now
I know this probably means nothing to
you guys but being in this shopping
center brings back so many memories we
used to be in that food court all the
time being
ah guys it's so many memories and this
this ice cream shop like we used to come
here all the time
I want this my sister's getting a sample
of the chocolate chunkiness thank you
look at this boys we all got our ice
creams I got chocolate she got double
chocolate and then my mom my mom got
coffee yeah this machine is really here
for like 20 years
oh my god you remember listen asleep
that is crazy even though it's closed I
just want to look around look at this
what the hell is going on guys I thought
I'm in a shopping center it turns out
we're in a basement what the hell look
so that is care for guys as you can see
the doors are open over there but all
the other doors are closed nah
big annoying downtown walking fast faces
pass home
not me you
yeah
bubbles you can't stick your tongue out
in public what the hell are you doing
buddy that's rude I like to lick people
I like to lick people for a living and
you see my tongue yeah what that mouth
dude Oh what that mouth do oh ah you
ruined it you ruined it anyways as
always guys I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog awesome working out with the new
boxing bag unfortunately my sister
somehow broke her hand guys so we'll
keep you updated on how it goes tomorrow
it's not looking too bad it's kind of
slowed down now because we used ice so
hopefully nothing else happens and she's
just not allowed to use the boxing bag
anymore guys that's it
as always thank you so so much for the
support you guys are the DV on the vlog
if you haven't already press subscribe
join the gang and I'll see you guys
tomorrow I love you all
yellow Yolo boy Oh
