hey guys what is up welcome to another
video so before today's vlog starts
because I'm actually currently vlogging
from the next day I just wanted to put
this in to keep you guys updated on what
happened to my car tomorrow you guys
will actually be seeing the car on my
channel guys so yes it finally happened
I know it took a little longer than
usual but it was just all the
registration stuff going on so yeah
anyways enjoy the rest of the vlog just
to tease you guys a little bit more no
the car I'm getting is not McLaren and
not a Lamborghini murci√©lago okay I
want to narrow it down for you guys I
enjoy the vlog and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with the car yo yo everyone
good morning and welcome to another vlog
so you might be wondering what is going
on right now there's actually a delivery
truck outside my house and today my
boxing bag setup came so right now that
is putting it in the garden and they're
setting it up so let's go check it out
guys I don't even know where to put it
my garden is not that big but we'll find
a spot for it so they've just finished
putting the boxing bag in the garden and
check it out guys there it is my cat
doesn't even know what's going on he's
scared he's out what is that in the
garden
I actually have no idea what I'm doing
guys I used to do ever made but I forgot
everything so listen let's just go how
did I ever do this guys as a sport this
is actually tiring oh my goodness
our boys anyways I give up right now
like I actually suck at boxing right now
I used to be good I'm leaving lying I
know I punch like a girl right now but
oh I just heard my cat outside shuffling
about and I want to show you what she's
doing Gideon are you good something
there oh my god mo you should come and
see this
so yesterday I did promise you guys that
today we were going to attempt using my
instant freeze cup again if you guys
don't know what I'm talking about this
cup is supposed to turn at any drink
into a slushie within one minute okay so
we're gonna try it out here does nothing
this is my second and last attempt at
this so if you see here we've got some
liquid coca-cola in here and let's see
if this turns it into a slushy da da da
da da da all right so now that my liquid
is in as you can see it's in that guy
said oh it's a liquid it's already
pouring you just close this and now you
squeeze oh it's actually working it's
actually fucking what I know I know you
guys are probably like yo that's Kokomo
no the top of phase is slushy yo that it
tastes like there's chemicals in this
alright let me show you guys I know it
might not be super clear guys but
there's a couple of pieces of ice in
there okay I'm just gonna be honest it
doesn't work it just doesn't God like I
can't pretend it doesn't work the thing
is let me tell you this it made a couple
of pieces of ice at the top but are you
kidding me that's not a slushy like what
there you go that is my new instant
freeze cup whore mouth the hell it sucks
so today me and my mom are actually
heading
and we're going to Chinatown see you on
the other side whoa so we just made it
over to Chinatown guys you can see
Chinese decorations over here I told you
that they have really cool gadgets over
here look at this clock they have over
here so this is a fan guys I'm gonna
stop the fan boom there's no more clock
on it and as soon as I let go it starts
up again that is awesome they actually
have something so cool you can use for
your kids you know what you just can't
be bothered to walk them you can put
them in this thing and it works with a
remote control guys like that is insane
I couldn't resist guys we're walking
around and I saw a popcorn stand so
we're getting ourselves a little popcorn
look at these they're so adorable guys
there you go guys we got it we got the
popcorn this popcorn is actually so good
ah
so if you guys have seen our back garden
you would know that all the grass is
dead
like literally dead and we do everything
to try and help it like we give it
medicine I know it sounds weird but you
know they put like fertilizer and stuff
we have sprinklers nothing helps it I
don't know why so we've actually come to
check out some fake girls if you see
behind me all you do is you put it on
the floor and that's it you don't need
your sprinklers on you don't need to put
fertilizer
my mom I think she might be buying this
because I've given up guys I all of us
are getting up and as you can see
actually looks so nice like imagine
having this in your back garden it looks
so cool and legit so yeah they even have
like look they have pink grass purple
grass green light everything you can
think of so we're just taking down the
number for now
now you might cool to get it delivered
like if you guys want to see how it
looks like imagine like this could be
your back garden so we just got some
samples given to us guys and check it
out so when we go home we're going to
show my sister these this is the best
one this feels nice yeah this feels like
better hi oh there you go we just got
ourselves some fake cross for the house
so this place always seems to surprise
me what they have so you guys know
shisha pipes okay normally they look
like this okay something like this just
a normal pipe okay but no they also have
a burj al arab shisha pipe guys like
when you're smoking that you're gonna be
five-star luxury right there so we just
came in the store which has like really
cool helmets guys and they're not normal
helmets they're literally like
transformer helmets this is the pink one
they have look at this
it's not imagine you're on a bike are
then banger anyways they actually have a
bunch more cool helmets my favorite is
this one in the display guys look at
that now that is awesome you can
actually wear these on bikes and they
even have goggles if you check that out
whoa you actually see I can see you
where you can't see my eyes no I know
it's crazy okay so I just found one of
the coolest lighters you're ever gonna
see guys this is not even fire this
works with laser so let me show you if
you guys can see that are you see it
look at the tip of that lighter guys as
soon as you press the button do you see
that that is inside whoa I want to show
you how it works by using on this piece
of paper guys all right check it out
whoa oh okay so I ended up buying a
lighter my mom ended up buying a phone
case guys two dollars she spent two
dollars on this phone case oh my god now
that is a bargain that is crazy so for
now I actually leaving this place I'm
gonna go home and show you everything we
got we did a bunch of shopping like a
bunch of shopping and it literally cost
us like nothing so at home I'll show you
everything we got but for now let's go
swish so now that I'm home guys let me
show you a couple of the things I bought
while we were out let's start with my
lighter I showed you over there but this
one's even cooler than the one I showed
you the one I showed you had one line
okay this is like two lines across each
other so check it out this is the liar
actually did it really cool it looks
like a regular light alright and then
BOOM
Danny's insane these are those new light
laser lighters I've never seen them in
person but it's crazy okay so three two
one do you see that guys they actually
work really really nicely
son now that my sister is down let me
show you the other two things I got so I
picked this up for $1 it's called a
barrel of slime okay are you ready for
this
it was guys oh alright check this out is
disgusting it's like jelly oh oh wait
you just break it this is disgusting you
can't break it it's like goo open your
hands you ready blue like jelly you know
what I mean now my last purchase is my
favorite all-time purchase guys if you
watch the channel like a year ago
you would know what this is this is a
sticky squidgy happy birthday happy
birthday happy birthday happy birthday
it's a bird guys it's a bird angry birds
angry a few editors basically what this
does is when you chuck it guys it kind
of flattens out but when some surfaces
it sticks whoa cool is the air a321 oh
oh oh
ready for the walk already you're gonna
break the chlorine so you're gonna wait
the clock mom is you this is my sister's
first experience with the electricity
lighter Jim Jim
feel feel
it's like a Taser you gotta buy me nice
things buy me all the diamonds and
jewellery that is all they said I found
the best t-shirt for me guys but I just
need to remove one part work hard stay
balling work hard stay balling what the
hell is this word mean I don't
understand it this is nice are waiting
nice very nice see I can look who's back
back back not supposed to be doing this
year but let's strip down so check it
out guys when I put the jumper on top of
this jumper and left a bunch of white
stuff on my jumper but I never knew if
you put sellotape on it it takes it away
guys and look at this guy's the Senate
tape actually takes off all of that and
hey she never knew that work so easily
look what they have in the middle of the
mall they have a falcon made out of LED
lights
that is insane the whole thing is made
out of LED lights guys I have no idea
what my mom is doing guys mom what are
you doing guys that doesn't even know
how to use it what are you doing is
there anything playing Jesus need to
rock music acid rock cookies is like
don't let me be honest with you guys I
like to keep my costs low in life okay I
don't like paying for gym so what I do
is come into the sports shop I want to
just do some exercises here like why not
like the machines are here everything
look and go like ten treadmills over
here all free free you can use anything
you want so let's just some exercises
guys funny but if I drop this you of the
others there's people looking like this
if you want to be successful like guys
you cut down your costs Jim Felix people
that I'm teaching you how to do it for
free
okay help me like wait we got it boys
yo guys she's the worst bar every truth
pushing you onto my neck
I'm everything I want to see you doing
the same Akane three two one he got to
the reason haha
come on you can do it it's just one
sit-up they ask you how you are you say
that you're fine you're not really fine
you just can't get into it because they
would never understand one two three
four come on on four one two three four
by the way I went into the store and
checked about the speed bag it's coming
two more guys so yeah oh oh oh we're
literally just about to leave and look
at this design they have in this store
guys what the hell did you go that thing
that's what I call a demon child like
god damn it's a fluffy demon it's even
got a deal on it like what the hell I
shrank whoever is designing these stores
what the hell is going on loud I don't
even understand the meaning anymore like
why is their microphones talking to a
bag hey hey back can you hear me hey
small vlogs can you can you reduce your
price for me everybody's good something
they had to leave behind I've never
are you online I'm not yet in the
meaning true this is my generation of
music
yo okay so we had a quick stop of our
local supermarket and look what they
have over here hands
they have many bananas like these things
are tiny look at them compared to my
head oh that's adorable so does that
mean they're ha price does that mean
they're off price to you guys they
midget bananas I ain't nobody image it
bananas yeah everybody made a home a one
thing I want to show you guys tried
didn't when we got home from Chinatown
my mom actually bought a bunch of
perfumes from there which is in this bag
all of these were purchased for $30
so everything in there came for $30 okay
are you ready
oh not scared all right so mummy is this
perfume or shampoo what the hell did you
buy no it's not on makes you smell it
smell it all right I got locked eyes I
Carson idea
yo guys mama bought a ripoff Chanel what
the hell guys
it looks like Coco Chanel but it's kook
what the hell is a kook mama bought
cookie damn son look at this they
scammed her nicely
Cuccinelli ha ha oh my god mommy don't
do that oh boy so as always wise you
gonna say good night or if you hear but
before I do one thing I want to show you
about this lighter which I never knew so
I just watched a video on these and look
at what happens when I blow it it
doesn't blow out like a normal light guy
so as you can see BAM
what it's like you're trying to blow out
some sort of hardware anyways guys this
is actually one of the coolest lighters
ever such a futuristic light beam the
thing is I charged it so basically if
you guys see over here there's a
charging port for it so this is an
unlimited lighter it never runs out you
just charge it you do it again you
charge that's it
like no need to refill or anything so
that's actually crazy anyways as
I love you guys by the way if you
haven't already make sure to subscribe
to the channel follow me on Instagram
boo-yeah mobile underscore blogs on this
score we are this close to 400 K guys
and yeah I catch you guys two more free
another amazing vlog guys I just wanna
say I love all of you you guys have just
been killing it with the support of the
channel so yeah just keep doing you I'll
keep doing me we're all a big family all
right
by the way them eyebrows don't them
eyebrows don't see you guys support yeah
y'all oh boy boom
