yo yo everyone what is up good morning
and welcome to another vlog so first
things first if you guys remember
yesterday I bought this thing if you're
wondering what it is basically it's an
instant juice - slushy maker I know it
sounds weird pretty much what you do is
you put this cup in your freezer you
leave it for like six hours and then
apparently as soon as you put like juice
into it in one minute it turns it into a
slushy so I'm gonna put this in the
freezer and we're gonna test it out
later on today okay so I'm pretty
excited to see what it does I don't
really believe it I don't think it's
gonna do as good as a job as I think it
should but check it out basically it's
like this really weird Cup
that's what the inside of the cup looks
like it's so weird like oh it looks like
an octopus whoa whoa wait what
there's some sort of liquid in there
what anyways I'm going to go ahead and
put this in the fridge guys I'm already
freaked out by it here it goes we're
just gonna chuck it in right there and
then we'll see how it turns out right
now I'm actually heading out to get my
haircut done now if you guys haven't
already seen I look nasty right I look
for my beard I look like an old man
right now so I was just about to head
out and look who just came to my door
say hi to the vlog what's your name Amy
and she's a big fan of the challenge you
watch the videos she came with her
brother what's up what's up and they
both watch the videos super awesome look
at her she's a little princess guys
ahaha that was so so sweet guys I just
met that brother and sister super super
sweet fans anyways for now I'm gonna
head out let's go and get my hair cut
down boys
so we just made it over to the mall as
you can see notes funny guys above my
sister's car
there's like a full-coverage CCTV so if
anything happens we're watching you so I
put you under it's my hairdressers guys
but the guy was a little bit busy so I'm
gonna go back in five minutes
yeah buddy wondering where the hell are
you know why are you seeing next to the
eye test machine so my sister I she came
and she's buying some lenses
what are they guys hazel not like
chocolate you guys know like she's
actually buying chocolate lenses that's
how addicted she is to this stuff oh
yeah that is that's gonna be her eye
that's inside her I imagine yeah she's
poking her eye out
oh my god she's trying to kill herself
she's trying to kill herself
oh my goodness oh my goodness look this
way like this way whoa now you can see
the difference guys damn anyways boys
for now I'm heading out to go get my
hair cut so let's go we're back in
action right now boys I'm gonna see you
guys once my hair is shortened that my
eyebrows are gone let's go
boom alright and there you go guys I
just had my hair cut done the boy is
looking sharp right now so I just made
it over to my mum and sister a my
sister's doing a bit of shopping but
she's picking out a unique outfit today
check this out
what what would you even call that
actually Brianna was wearing something
like that would I bet her oh my god
that's actually cool get it that's nice
she's literally wearing it straight out
of here guys look at that whoa it looks
like an apron now that I look at it
you're about to cook Dada Dada Dada
it was at this moment the zebra met the
cow guys the zebra met the cow so we
just came into the gaming store guys and
they've gone this little like airplane
thing he's gonna do it for me
flick of the wrist whoa and this is not
attached by a string or anything guys
look at it one so there's an electric
skateboard thing over here I hope I
don't die oh boy oh that doesn't look so
good he's gonna fall I think he only
knows how to go straight so yeah he's
just lost his way Mahmoud you're like
you're holding onto the shelves I'm
careful well there's a lot of Barbies
that don't scratch there's one more
thing I'm gonna try over here guys which
I've never actually tried I don't know
what you cool this thing a solowheel
okay I'm gonna try this so no real out
if I die it's his fault okay if I die
I'm blaming you on you let's go oh boy
that looks really hard Laurie
let's see the professional oh wow
see I can't believe you can't do that oh
my god wow that is so cool this is so
much harder than it looks like guys
I feel like a baby learning to walk my
sister is actually going to give it a
try guys so if she's better than me this
is gonna suck
here goes zebra woman guys here goes
zebra woman I told you it's her outfit
it's giving her more balance than me wow
this thing looks really cool like I like
the wheels on the back yo you need to
learn the size of your car mami if your
girl you're grabbing on to the edges
y'all look like you bind you look oh oh
oh my gosh mama this is how bricks
oh my gosh
I don't know what he's about to do yeah
I think it's only drift when you go fast
and I think there's a weight limit on
that and I'm definitely over the weight
limit for the drift machine yeah yeah
Moore has found something else
trying all the toys out here today guys
I feel like a kid on it I'm trying a
shoe scape yo don't do the splits oh my
god matrix out of your back
my brother's enjoying this a little bit
too much now we just spent about it's
been an hour more try everything here
yeah I hear is for now we just left the
toy store guys let's go in there it's
like a disco I'm just saying like the
toy store it's like my brother's body -
boom boom boom
I'll show you gotta cool it you guys and
then BAM nice energized I quickly came
to get myself some jeans guys because if
you don't know my old jeans which are
these I pull it down and dust so much
that they look faded so I'm going to
show you how faded they are cuz I'm
gonna try out the exact same ones and
compare ok so right now I'm in the
changing room I tried on the jeans I
want to show you guys the difference
between mine and the new ones the ones
I'm wearing are fresh right now if you
can see that they're super black and me
being super clumsy these are mind if you
can see that there's a bunch of like
white marks everywhere and look at that
color guys look how dark this is and
look how faded mine are like this is why
I need these new James guys because like
I always fall in mine and get them dusty
when you wash them the color goes so
first jeans old jeans
I literally just came to pay for my
jeans guys and look at the wallet they
have over here tell me this does not
look like a ripped wallet guys what what
the hell were they thinking
honestly oh my god it looks like a dog
as I build it you know like what so we
just came in to the food court to eat
guys and I want to show you guys a
top-secret location normally as you can
see behind me like there's no seats ok
but not for me look at this so if you
come behind here guys nobody knows this
until now there's actually seats over
here
and Sala lat so if you guys ever need a
space go come here cuz it's our spot
it's awesome all guys though I don't
even know why I'm showing you guys it's
reserved for us I just want to say one
thing guys I hate liars okay and I just
saw one of the biggest lies in my life
you want to see him this guy why are you
always lying
oh hang on there check out all the cool
stuff they have every I like a bunch of
clocks and they're also awesome and look
at these man
imagine your wall is like that home
later
that's insane look at how the eyes move
is all that is so cool you didn't
realize they actually have something
really really cool here you know them
timers that you flip upside down this is
a magnetic one so all the dust kind of
sticks to each other wait don't do it
yet wait all right guys look at it as
soon as we flip it three two one go
you see that it kind of stacks on top of
each other it's magnetic guys so that is
so crazy as if things couldn't get
cooler in this store guys wait don't do
it guess what this is guys go for it
this is a door knocker so you put this
in front of your house and they're not
using this I wouldn't know I wouldn't
even know it if that if I saw that in
front of one of your houses guys I would
not know you have to knock the door like
that I want to take you inside the store
that my kids are never gonna see okay
this is Roberto Cavalli kids guys just
I'm gonna I'm gonna show you look look
at that look at this imagine yo my kids
I'm sorry you're not bringing my kids
here am I once they let me see the price
tags guys 300 odd yeah not bad yeah 390
that's nice my brother is losing his
mind so seriously look at him right now
yo ma oh my god mom so basically I found
myself in you outfit for whole this is
nice I don't like fishbone right now
come on don't say that word
okay before you head out lastly I
promise look at how cool it is
decoration is I not shown you before but
from the top floor is super hi guys so
this is where the divers star and then
bang on oh oh my goodness this is so
high all right and we finally made it
back home tonight guys go my hair cut we
went into the law window-shopping and
now it's time to test out my ice slushy
maker which I left in the freezer okay
let's go do that so now that we're home
guys moment of truth okay as you can see
I've got an orange juice drink in my
hand okay see that and we're gonna
attempt to make this into a slushy
within one minute what I know I know
right
it's gonna be my boy all right so what
is that this is our magical cup
apparently this is going to turn that
name can I say she doesn't don't don't
don't warm it up apparently this is
gonna turn that drink into a slushy in
one minute okay all right you see that
and now you just squeeze apparently I
don't see anything happening I think
this is a prank they're pranking you
more it's going to work I don't think it
will work
what the hell is wrong with this
everything you need to know step one
freeze
step two fill and that we squeeze unless
that's one are you serious what that is
rubbish
squeeze that's all it says but what that
guy they scared me it doesn't feel cold
enough to be honest with you what the
hell is this rubbish alright guys hold
up basically I made the mistake
apparently apparently supposed to leave
it until it freezes oh this thing it
usually takes four to six hours guys but
it did say it can't take overnight so
yeah as you can see we have no slushy at
the moment but yeah I'm gonna leave this
in until tomorrow morning and we'll try
again okay let's see it fail alright
boys so I
always I'm actually in a raffle today's
lucky I hope you have enjoyed before I
say goodbye guys I just want to say a
huge huge thank you to every single one
of you I love you okay I love you no
homo
I love you guys I brotherly and sisterly
love because there's girls watching the
vlog as well I just want to say to
whoever followed me on Instagram thank
you so much my name is mo underscore
vlogs underscore since I've been doing
that cash giveaway you guys have been
leaving the most hilarious comments ever
like I allow my friends entered the
giveaway just to troll me like I just
even my sister entered the giveaway guys
like what the hell she added Drake and
Rihanna like oh and here is real so to
enter make sure to check my Instagram
out and if you haven't already guys
press subscribe because a lot of you
actually watch my videos without
subscribing so just go press that button
anyways as always I love you all I'll
see you tomorrow
a yellow yawn oh boy
