guys what the hell what that it's gonna
blow up I think we should leave it
before morning yo everyone how are you
doing today's a good day so first things
first let me start off by saying I just
noticed that we are less than two
hundred thousand subscribers away from
five million like that's a big deal what
I sort of say thank you first of all you
guys are amazing like and secondly if
you're new around here make sure to
subscribe because we could hear 5
million by the time it's my birthday
if we hit 5 million before my birthday I
promise you I'll give away a car anyways
I just wanted to say a big thank you cuz
I noticed we are so close to 5 million
that's pretty insane oh yeah
Open Sesame tip toeing in my Easy's easy
my job all right guys so right now I
just made it over to the shopping center
and I'm actually reunited with a very
old friend guys occasion this is my
friend Roxy he has been out of the
country for two months so right now
we're going shopping Oh guys I think I
found myself a t-shirt look at this
I'm acquitting to try on this t-shirt
cuz I think it looks dope oh my god hi
guys so check it out this is the t-shirt
that I tried on I actually think it
looks pretty cool guys let me know in
the comment section
imma buy it okay so I'm not sure how
many of you actually know this but it is
the Chinese New Year right now and they
have like a ton of decorations in the
mall check this out whoa guys look at
that what they have made a Chinese city
inside the mall to celebrate Chinese New
Year bro is it like a couple I don't
know exactly when Chinese New Year but I
know it's around now and they have like
there's a whole Chinese city going on
down there so you know I shouldn't say
to all the Chinese people happy Chinese
New Year if you're Chinese subscribe to
the channel and yeah I love you
you have subscribe this is Chinese steam
whoa yeah Dan which is your favorite
like Oh guys look how cool this shoe is
it's a hovering shoe oh my god guys oh
my god this is insane what that is
insane so they have like this really
cool offering shoe down yeah this is
some Illuminati something is it just me
or was that freak you guys like that
that shoe is literally hovering in
midair yo hi guys so right now I just
made it back home and I know it's a
little bit dark outside and that's cuz I
was stuck in traffic but here's the
thing I was just about to turn on my
Mustang and I think the car is broken
down no I think the Mustang is destroyed
oh what's wrong it's gone what their
Mustangs broken my Mustang is not
turning all right now it's like going ok
so right now we're stuck in a weird
position I'm happy my car's broken down
ok so right now we're trying to figure
out what's wrong cuz my car is not
turning on no it's so dusty in here
maybe that's why so apparently the bat
tree is not charged guys so that is the
battery of the car we need a wire do you
guys not to do it cuz you want to
jumpstart my Mustang that's all your
fault you're the last person to drive
this car you're the last person to drive
this car alright guys you know I'm gonna
try and turn it on with the with the key
guys what the hell hear what that it's
gonna blow up I don't know what that
noise was but it sounds like it's about
to blow up well there you go guys my car
is literally broken down yeah right you
broke my car what that's your fault
okay how is just to fix this now wow
that's closed about it Lana the engineer
right there for you guys Lana the
engineer Oh okay so since my car's
battery is died right now he quickly
came over to the petrol station and this
is what we need to get so we need to get
some clippers and this way we can
jumpstart my car so let's give this a
shot guys okay so right now we just made
it back home we have got the wire it's
time to see if we can use the
rolls-royce to jumpstart the Mustang I
don't even know where the battery is on
the rolls-royce so we're gonna have to
figure this one out
so the rolls-royce actually didn't work
out for some reason I just don't know
where the battery is so we're gonna try
and do it with the Ferrari alright come
on back it up back it up okay here we go
guys it's time to find the battery is
there where is the battery on a Ferrari
that's a very good question hey guys so
we're trying to find the battery on the
Ferrari as well yeah where do they put
the battery on these things would we
literally have no luck right now I just
can't find the battery on these cars
like they're hidden
so we finally managed to find the
battery on the rolls-royce guys it's
actually right in the front so if you
see over here that's the bluffs over
there and there's a minus here so right
now we're gonna connect it up to the
Mustang I have no idea what we're about
to do but this is gonna be interesting
but why do you look stressed
did I just back up yeah I don't know
what's about to happen right now but I'm
really nervous oh my god guys there's
sparks coming it's on the corazon
so right now we actually came to eat
with the family guys and check out where
we are a so basically we've come to a
traditional Arabic restaurant bro don't
eat with your hands you can't do that on
the vlog I know I'm joking guys so
basically over here you actually eat
with your hands like the traditional way
of doing it so you take like your
chicken and then you cut it with your
hand like this guys and then bound you
scoop it up like this what's wrong I'm
teaching that hard to do yeah bro like I
have bigger bites than you I hope you're
just gonna not having their dinner when
you're watching you I'll tell all you're
here to down bother you guys it even has
villa numbers so this one's a bit of
number eleven no this is a really weird
change of location but right now is a
very sad moment guys because we're at
the airport and my boy Adam is leaving
us I'm always gonna I don't have to buy
the buys like my second home right now
so I'm definitely to come back soon bro
I'm surprised you haven't moved here yet
I know I'm moving I just moving secret
but I'm dying I actually have like spare
rooms I and when you buy its case i
ron't row row row not you know no I
didn't even vlog that we were coming
here because it's really late bar that
yo I might as well just let you guys
know what's happening so let's see if
they missed their flight then as now so
what's happening no rush it got some
serious contact over here somehow I've
managed to get you playing I don't even
know how to explain what is happening
right now
but it turned into us dropping Adam to
the airport and now we're in the
business lounge with him
bro-bro I was lying about coming to
America why are you taking me energy
coming well brush it rushed what are you
doing to us we are in the airport right
now I want to be surprised if you guys
end up coming and landing in New York
City I'm in the lounge with you I'm
coming to UK how did you even get him
look I got my phosphor bro I'm in the
airport with mass right now did you take
us to the plane
peace bro enjoy it you got me water I
don't buy it by I miss you moments later
alright guys so right now I just made it
back home listen I'm gonna end of
today's vlog here it is literally 3 a.m.
right now I am home and it's super late
everybody is sleeping so I know you
guys'll make sure if you're new around
here subscribe to the channel
and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow cuz
we actually have something very exciting
happening alright and yeah just stay
tuned because we are buying something
massive for the house and I mean massive
I I love you guys so I'll see you
tomorrow
and as always yeah Loyola
