stay yellow everyone what is up good
morning welcome to another vlog so today
is finally that day I'm going to be
going to pay for my new car today ok so
first things first I need to hit up the
bank go get my money ok we're doing in
cash as always guys so yeah let's go and
see if they'll give me enough normally
the way my bank account works they don't
but today I made it happen he has a case
so let's go get the money
the really weird situation guys they
actually don't have enough money yeah I
actually didn't know that guys
apparently I have to reserve the money
because it's like a big amount oh I'm
gonna try one more bank so let's go man
let's go damn son I'm trying to withdraw
an amount that even the bank doesn't
have are you kidding me
second stop of the day guys I'm heading
over to another Bank I'm running because
if you guys don't know after twelve
o'clock they don't give you anything
more than a hundred thousand so I need
more than that
it is technically twelve but hopefully
they have like a 5-10 minute delay you
know a few moments later so we just
finished up at the bank and we got the
money it's in this plastic bag okay guys
I just saw somebody stop with their car
and I was like yo I'm gonna get robbed
right now why the park eater my birthday
too alive
whoo we made the homeboys we made a home
mummy what is that in your head is that
cash is that cash is that it is that it
look these guys if you guys ever
wandering in to buy the notes are pretty
big so that's why it doesn't look like
marks on each of these the thousands are
like $300 so eh I think so so that's
like $30,000 that's like 30,000 the same
with this and then like the small notes
are these are the smaller notes okay
obviously I just wanted some other
colors so I had to get these as Oh daddy
the main reason I came home before you
head out to get my car is to pick up my
sister guys I'm BAM there she is guys
what we're trying to do steal my money
you're trying to steal my car what the
hell are you to put the money down put
the money down what the hell you think
you are why do you have change in here
what the hell you broke you broke breath
let me just tell you this I got it thank
you I said Tim we should spy basically
it's kind of yeah my sister loves my new
car she was telling me she was like you
take my lambo I'll take your car like
get the hell out of you you didn't bring
the camera okay get the hell out of here
anyways let's go guys let's go pay for
this Beach oh you already need to step
back what's wrong with you let's go oh
wow I was trying to close the door
and do my doing money we have to play
this song it's in the legacy of paying
cash for a new car hey you already know
what it is man you already know what it
is oh I won three right one three double
bad you stop this no I saw every time we
do this guys I feel like all the cars
look at us like we're crazy like what
the hell is going on in that car I told
you guys it's a good day I'm buying a
car you know I emptied out my bank
account I'm broke now I'm broke like I
spent my college tuition on a car right
now
I spent it I spent why you always lying
all right guys so we just met over two
deals on wheels where I'm buying the car
when we go inside pay for the car I'm
not sure if I'll take it today I'm gonna
finalize all the paperwork so let's go
all right boy so as you can see we're in
the showroom right now
and I'm going to go quickly pay for the
car the car I wish I was getting is this
this guys I promise you give me two
years time I'll be buying one of these
two years that's all it's a promise on
the blog
I don't you guys if you know me I don't
let down on my promises a gay bar look
at it imagine one day I'm going to be
sitting here hey Josh for my new car no
I swear guys if I had enough I would
take the loan to buy this car but it's
alright it's alright we're still paying
cash for my new car
it might not be this but it's something
good it's still something good so right
now I'm in the deal room I'm just about
to finish off the payment guys but look
how cool this room looks you can see the
Koenigsegg behind me anyways I'm just
about to pay the cash for the car count
out and then we are done guys okay
that's it so the company's time I'll be
back to pick up the car the thing is I
still haven't got my insurance and
everything fine lines guys so I could
take the car but I can't drive it
legally on the road so I'm in no rush
anyways or a crazy paying for the car
and they've got like a crew money
counting machine so check it our going
stack by stack hopefully I did not lose
anything on the way with our dancing so
let's get it guys whoa damn Sun woo 100
imagine if we are missing money that'd
be the worst oh I'm missing two not
missing yeah so I just finished up with
the payment I got my receipt it's time
to head out whoa that is one big thing
off my chest I just walked out with a
new car in my hands okay if you see that
that is the receipt to my new car down
son guys nothing
anyways right now I'm gonna go home drop
off my mom and sister and I might be
meeting somebody famous today you guys
know future good good way let's say want
this song thank you and say hi to not
matter
Golikov calm down bro calm down yes see
no future you can no future bro say hi
to Lana man I want to show you guys our
cats when they're outside they look like
sheep sitting down like look at them
they complain so much they want to go
outside and that is all they do they go
outside and sing
are you kidding me yo kitty move go walk
do something exercise yeah you too come
on no don't sit down go exercise what
the hell is wrong with these together oh
oh oh oh the sprinklers turned on go
exercise go up the treat oh that's a
good boy right now I'm heading over to
Raj's house I'm not sure future is gonna
come today
he might so if he does we'll see him but
regardless I shouldn't take my football
and go play some football in his
backyard cuz he has like a whole
football pitch there so yeah I'm gonna
go pump up my mo Bloggs football and
head out in case you guys are wondering
who future is now he might be me this is
one of his songs
whoa so we just made over to the palace
guys check it out I love the doors hi
we're here hey okay so you already know
what it is boys I just made it over to
Ross screaming we're gonna play
some football and let me tell you
something before we play apparently he
used to be a professional goalkeeper I'm
actually really bad at football so I've
got a challenge
Abdullah Russia's brother showed up he's
a professional footballer okay and if he
scores
two out of three he wins if Raschid
saves two our three humans all right
let's do this
by the way he's wearing bad shoes but
still he has to do this whoo
professional goalkeeper are shed ah the
shoe came off oh oh by the way guys
check out what just rolled up to the
crib the aventador danced on the old
blacked-out Aventador you guys don't
even know how much I love this car look
at it anyways guys I'm not sure exactly
what's going on boom a Lambo good so
basically I don't know if we're gonna
meet future nope I think his mum and dad
are coming here and maybe after we'll go
to see him outside but he's not coming
to the farm anyways not a big deal guys
so we just came over to rush it sneak
her room which you guys should know very
well since the video he made it's almost
on two million views by the way yes
pretty crazy video guys but what you
haven't seen is this this is a golden
terror squad chamber yeah I don't know
this is like Fat Joe's squad and he gave
him a chain this is like full diamond
and gold Wow okay I'm gonna do one thing
with it okay I'm gonna dip into my coke
I'll kill you by the way if you guys
don't know these are glow-in-the-dark
which I never knew should we turn them
off all right now let's go three two one
boom
so futures mum and dad actually just go
over here to the farm so we're gonna go
show them around and then I think later
we're gonna go see future let's see how
the day goes guys so yeah I yo bro I
need spray help me help me help me okay
very good so right now we're going
around checking all the animals the
Pumas are wild guys check this out oh
jeez oh my goodness we love messing with
them oh yeah everybody back oh oh
why are you hearing her 404s right now
by the way guys check out who you have
over here today we have Zoe Dollar some
man himself the rapper and I say it's
lit its lit its lit t-shirts all
american / yea it's a rare moment in
your life where you can take a selfie
with a lion hey what's up man I didn't
do anything to you
yo he's about to scratch you
so for now we are heading out we saw too
much sauce here so yeah we go we say you
guys are teaching me to my gosh you know
so for now we're actually leaving the
farm I'm not sure how much you guys saw
we were just like going around the farm
that was futures mum and dad I think he
couldn't come cuz he's doing like some
sort of like music shoot or music video
shoot anyways I'm going along with
everybody I'm just going with the flow
you know so let's see how it goes and
yeah everybody is in the car in front of
you guys so yeah we're rolling out squad
so we just pulled up to the Burj Khalifa
guys I think this is where we're meeting
with like future I'm not too sure but
this is where we are at the moment you
already know you know the boy money
kicks in the building but y'all what we
doing right now
tell me you're gonna meet future future
future the future gonna be fast and
we're me the boss in Dubai this is how
you know of something's officially
five-star they put it on the outside
like this is government of Dubai saying
its five-star hotel so you already know
we don't play around here oh yeah look
at this guys this is actually so cool
that is insane I'm literally right next
to right now so while we're walking
around I was asking my man Zoe about
advice in like the music industry guys
do they don't know I might become a
rapper
am I ever know I'm looking to the studio
moon will have some hits guys is the
teaching major hits major like I'm gonna
be like you know the next Drizzy Drake
the next future the next Sony dollar
no you never know that I could be your
competitor know every rhyme like this
show us another one another one and I
think you like a biggie a ratchet so he
greatly came over to the souvenir shop
to pick something up guys but I found
what I like look at this we got some
golden money so after like five hours
guys I don't know what happened but
future is now the past because we never
met him
what the hell yeah so we're not gonna be
being him today but it's all good you
know I did say we might not be him yeah
damn anyways I don't even care guys
there was a good day whoa
our boys so I just made it over to my
mum right now I shoes in the shopping
centre but as soon as I got here
everything closed down and I still
haven't even here
look how coincidental this is guys
second time I'm running into a white BMW
i8 and let me tell you guys something I
want to be honest with you guys this car
is haunting me in my dreams and I'll
tell you why so you guys know I told you
I found one it was a good deal but it
didn't end up happening it was my fault
okay so my friend found me one and it
was such a good deal and the reason is
the guy just wanted to get rid of it
right and I was the one being fussy
about it and I ended up like just saying
no I don't really want it for that price
I messed up one of the most amazing
deals ever it can still happen I doubt
it though and anyways I have my new car
coming in like two or three days so it's
all good man so good right now she has
something I want to talk to you guys
about so you guys know I do giveaways
regularly like the iPhone the Xbox some
blood cameras I'm doing another giveaway
but this one's a bit unique so there's
actually a reason I'm doing this
giveaway I'm gonna be doing cash
giveaways and the reason is I should
have a PayPal account with some money on
it and I don't use PayPal like I
honestly don't use PayPal I'm actually
closing my account so I want to give you
guys the money so I can close the
account if that makes sense all I want
you guys to do is number one rule is you
have to be subscribed and number two
just comment down below your paypal
email and honestly I'm just gonna pick a
random bunch of you guys and just
transfer the money over I don't know how
much I'm gonna put into each probably
like $50 each person so yeah if you guys
want to win somebody just subscribe and
comment down below your PayPal emails by
the way guys my mom just showed me this
when I was out the yoga squad brought
this to the door oh my goodness
Wow
that is awesome I love you guys there oh
my goodness Los Angeles police what as
with some super tired guys with a wrap
up today's look here so good night
everybody
I'll catch you guys some more stay tuned
for me getting my new car and as always
yeah Leon oh oh oh
