yo what is up everyone welcome to
another vlog what are you guys doing all
the way up there like I can't even reach
you oh you know what come down uh-huh
whoa much better what would you guys
tell you my roof anyways today is the
first day of 2017 for me if you dare see
yesterday was the New Year's vlog that I
posted so I'm starting up today's storm
by ok if in case you're wondering how
the hell you guys are so far BAM I'm
using a selfie stick today there sorry
enough today by going on a little picnic
with some friends boys I'm taking my
skateboard just in case there's any
skate parks because we are going to a
park so you never know they might have
like a little skating grandpa
skateboarding is harder than it looks
trust me here I know I make it look easy
cuz I'm a professional boys but it's not
that easy tragical dude hey look who
else is ready tickle boys gangsta granny
mo we got a boss over here if money as
you can see guys my mum is out now she's
got the cake you already know it's about
to be a good picnic with a cake this is
my grandma's birthday cake so we're kind
of stealing it
and I say honey you said gee honey
psyche
the head to the e to the Y 2017 this is
what they're recommending in my sub box
I'm doomed
I am doomed I'm never gonna forget this
why we should have our own one m to the
O to the V GOG like roblox G
so he quickly made it over to our
friends place for meeting up with them
here but I have to show you this sign
they have look at this guy's and I know
what it means don't get me wrong it
means like no honking but it looks like
don't play a musical instrument you know
that like oh I understand it but I feel
like isn't there nothing else we can
represent honking as like anything else
anyways I'm just waiting for our friend
to bring their car down I hear the car
coming down on second thoughts I think
it's a Maserati guys because it's making
too much noise and if you know Maserati
is all about the sound you hear is
literally from like the parking I hear
this noise
whoa what did I tell you boys
whoa we just arrived guys check out the
view oh my god it looks like we're on
holiday yo so we just made it next to
the beach they have over here and look
at this insane view Wow oh my goodness
guys this looks so so beautiful you can
see like the whole of Dubai honestly I
haven't been to a park this busy in a
long time like I know it's the day after
New Year's so that's why a lot of people
are out but it is busy so we're just
having our little picnic over here and
we've got like a mini bonfire check this
out boys there's running on the smallest
bonfires you could imagine but it does
the job so we just finished with our
food and we're gonna go explore this
park because I haven't been here in
years and you know what the coolest
thing is they've got like mini palm
trees over yella if you check this out I
think these have just been plotted like
look at the size of them guys they're
tiny
whoa no that looks like suicide hey hi
that's actually very high Oh
oh my god is she doing the splits no way
that is crazy by the way Lana's down
there look at her no where'd you leave
me Lana Kuwait you leave me too yo
where'd you leave me too you wanted to
go front-row seats the show's over don't
somebody was live streaming this look at
this we just ran into a yo-yo squad what
is up what's your name she was in shock
when she saw us here oh my I can't
believe what just happened you know how
he said there are some D live streaming
didn't I say me I saw him live streaming
I could see myself living background
basically we were in the background of
his livestream and I was like let me
just mess around I did a peace sign and
he came up to yo and I was in his
livestream for like 2 or 3 minutes like
this who you are he had no idea who I
was let me just say this she had no idea
who I was but you know you know it's
funny I was looking at the viewers guys
she had one zero she oh no god damn you
see I like that dolly she starting
somewhere guys you always have to start
somewhere
and you never know now here is one
viewer might go tell a hundred people yo
you just had more vlogs in your live
stream did you not know oh look at this
guys the baby's got a little balloon
hello baby say Yolo Yolo
you see we're teaching them were
brainwashing never a young age
y'all are Yolo say it say it oh look at
this oh there's a black cat over here
hey buddy
oh my good oh it bit you yeah it just
bit longer but you don't fit me yo she's
crashing our picnic
Stephanie I could happening so our
friends just came guys and they actually
brought something really cool by so
normally we drink with these cups but
this is the first time that I've seen
these guys check it out these are
actually 24 karat gold plated cups gonna
compare this look at this guys like each
cup is worth more than the drink itself
it says that 24k oh yeah it does you
know it's like numbers there's numbers
in there guys look it says 24k my gosh
oh my god right now it was it is what
I'm gonna use is like Oh coughing it's
like boiling but with cups so for now
we're heading out of the park boys we
just packed everything up and we're
about to head out by the way that black
cat is following us can you see him over
there oh hi hi what are you doing here
stop following me what is he doing
whatever the mission what the cat is
crazy yo you can't follow us home what
does she do guys yeah you can come with
us
the last person we have to say goodbye
to is this guy see you later buddy
damn so we got a new member of the yo-yo
squad out here boys
nigga this mannequin Yolo Yolo Yolo Yolo
we out here boy I actually found a
really good jumper they have on sale
over here look at this guy's
oh whatever and on the back it says I am
okay all right you get it I'm okay this
would be a girls jumper guys you know
whenever they have like anger issues or
something they're like I'm okay I said
I'm okay they can wear this t-shirt so
guys know listen back off so I was
looking around at some shoes they have
over here I found the coolest shoes ever
so they have some Ferrari shoes over
here but look at this there's no laces
this is how you tie in are you ready
it's right now check this out whoa
Ferrari that's the one this so tie the
laces oh my goodness are you serious
how is that possible they're gonna suck
it in
you see that so I quickly tried the
shoes on and check it out boys this is
what they look like they're very unique
I do have to say like it feels so weird
when I tie any guys this is this it's
just so weird it feels like I'm like
winding something up this is the shoes
what do you do nice so nice they look
dip they look so weird though
that's the only thing from the top
because they have no laces they look so
weird how do you say yes or no no yes or
no I'm not sure about the red ones voice
I'm gonna try the black ones on maybe
they look a little bit different the
thing about the red ones they look like
I have duck feet look at the guys tell
me if I'm right or wrong it makes it
look so weird so hopefully the black one
it kind of has a better shape to it I
think I don't know I like wow it's so
good what do you think about these ones
better much better my a patron actually
chew I don't like mega expensive I think
my brother is like going crazy a sneaker
collection like he's just going all out
Oh
supporting left foot we're in the
shopping center line I get that so we're
in another store right now but I really
like the design of this store they've
literally got like a maze on the whole
do you see that and in the middle I'm
not sure if you can see that that's like
a garden gnome I'm gonna zoom in so you
guys can see that damn that is so cool
forget it it's a golden garden gnome
anyways I think we're heading out a few
I came here because I've been trying to
buy my grandma a bag and the thing is
the problem is it's not that she doesn't
like how they look my grandma's very
fussy on prices you know you know when
you're like older you kind of remember
the back in the day price you paid so
let's say that they used to pay a
hundred okay for a bag okay
now everything is like 500 like what no
no she refuses to buy anything I just
walked into this store and look at what
I see this completely baffles me guys
what the hell is going on over here are
you telling me that this bottle is held
up by this string I don't even want to
touch I feel like it might fool guys oh
okay
ah it's solid I see you Cheers
damn that is so cool guys look at it oh
my goodness I'm not sure if you guys
have seen the video where somebody like
squeezes a bunch of these but these
things are so loud look at this all
right okay why did I do that
I don't know
alright let's go out let's go out why
the hell did I do that all the stores
have closed now as you can see nature I
feel like every time we come to the
shopping center the stores closed as
soon as we get here know all the stores
are closing
yeah I literally I literally just came
outside and saw the Mustang leaving it
made the craziest noise ever
did you hear it down
I got a tissue on my car with a wonder
yeah let's see some Oh blows good to see
you on the first day of 2017 from Yousef
Thank You Yousef thank you for the money
my friend you guys watch this long arose
by look at my new shirt it says running
is great but have you tried pizza are
you gonna wear that shirt dumb purchases
you never wear if you're happy and you
know it clap your hands if you're happy
we can now conclude my system eight the
two words purchase today Oh check it all
another day with this much fog or sand I
don't even know what it is anyways now
they're home guys let me show you the
shoes one more time I'm actually so
excited about these like these shoes are
so unique like knit ready they tie
themselves you just turned this and
that's it bam bam alright anyways those
are my new shoes guys I'm actually so
happy look bad not bad for those of you
have been watching me like from the past
you should know what I'm having right
now BAM I'm having myself a little
dessert and in case you don't know what
this is
I'm having some crisps and yogurt guys
so I don't know why since I was a kid I
really love this dessert like I'd have
crisp just like these are salt and
vinegar crisps with some plain Greek
yogurt and I just dip it in like that
BAM and then um sometimes really nice
and the reason of love is a lot of
people find this really weird like my
friends thought I was crazy like
honestly they do I see I try it out
there's actually really really nice
anyways on this note I'm gonna wrap up
today's lucky I hope you have enjoyed if
you have make sure to smash the like
button and I'll see you all tomorrow
I say awesome I love you all jolly ol oh
boy boom try okay so good
