yo yo everyone what is a welcome to
another beautiful day before this log
starts just look at the sky at the
moment guys oh it's so beautiful
anyways I'm heading out right now
today's gonna be an amazing day and
later on actually need to cool some
insurance companies to insure my new car
and you guys like what we haven't even
seen your car don't worry guys it's
gonna be a surprise okay it's gonna be a
surprise but I'm happy it's finally done
so yeah let's go and have an amazing day
guys first up of the day I've come to
see my boy RSK I actually need his help
of one thing so I can't tell you at the
moment
but you see what it's for later on this
lift is our service are you serious mom
it's like a 50-story building and
there's only two lace Dada Dada Dada
Dada but uh so raw meat just found out
I'm sick and he wants to explain to me
why he never gets sick okay so maybe we
can learn something from this guys all
right so chuckle okay she's back in the
day now that I say what you said to me
either we get it it's just back in the
day I don't get sick because I never
take medicines medicines lower your
immune system lets medicine take and
just let your body deal with the
sickness the more immune you get to the
the sickness or whatever maybe six them
now for someone like okay I wash my
hands and clean understand that those
chemicals I have knowledge we can do
anything you don't you know so you don't
wash your hands either No
have you heard of juicing no I feel like
I'm sponsored by this juicing thing I'm
talking about every day on my vlog
basically sure you don't eat you only
drink juices for the whole day and they
give you a certain order of juices you
drink robbed i buy them Cour like a cow
by the way let me show you the views in
the morning because I don't think I've
ever been here like in the morning
morning this is the bedroom view guys
damn oh my goodness guys I feel so real
I my hand is right you see that like if
this glass goes I've gone I've gone down
there oh oh no oh no who let him drive
who let this guy drive you know what is
he doing are you crazy
he always ran over your foot my foot as
you guys know my boy Romney is really
against like being clean and stuff no I
said don't take medicine don't wash your
hands no no no I can t reckon it's I
don't wash your hands with a very bad
example
okay that's disgusting sheep now
to add up to his points if you look in
his car well that's there's a fork so he
uses this fork that people step on it to
eat food just in case easily no I'm just
in case I'm on the go and I need to eat
some
like start for the sky I feel so bad so
we just came to eat my boy wrong we
tried to eat but I told it first I need
to show the food so as you can see we
got some wings over here some burgers
some more burgers and then some wings
you are now blessed right now so we just
finished eating and we're heading out
few guys but look at this they actually
have like a bunch of market stools over
here I don't know what's going on Wow
hello what is that ice cream yes I like
that like I was slightly freaked odd the
fact that I just randomly recorded him
anyways we're heading off here I
actually need to go somewhere so I'll
catch you guys then ok so right now I
just made it over to deals on wheels
guys and you guys probably know why I'm
here so I told you that I finalized
everything with my car and I just came
to check up on it again so the car is
somewhere here guys I still don't want
to tell you what it is because I'm gonna
keep it as a surprise but yeah we're
good to go good views guys literally
it's happening that's it done right now
what I need to do is the paperwork side
of things like the insurance and stuff
and then I need to pay for the car
obviously and it's mine that's it guys
so one of these could be mine I'm not
going to tell you which one you got you
guys should know what car is already but
yeah anyways while I'm here I thought
I'd look at some other cars I look at
this guy's it's probably one of my
favorite cars over here this looks
beautiful for now actually gonna go home
and pick up my mom she actually wants to
do some shopping guys because she has
like a coupon she wants to use up so
let's go hey alright so I just made a
home about to head out with my mom I
actually never showed you this my mom
colored her hair yesterday and I hate it
I'm gonna be a guys it's like brown but
I don't know you're not my mom you're
not mama you know what my mom likes it
that's all that matters right let there
you go there you go
okay so right now in the
guys and I thought I'd show you this BMW
i8 because it looks really really cool
but also for another reason if you guys
don't know I told you I finalized on my
car but the car I finalized on only came
up like two days ago so before that you
know how I was talking to you guys for
two weeks about okay as I was saying you
don't know I was talking to you guys
about getting a car for the past two
weeks and I kept on saying it's being
delayed and delayed the car I'm getting
now is not that car like this car just
came out like two days ago but the car
that I was supposed to get which was
getting delayed is actually the BMW i8
and it never really happened so yeah I
thought let you know since there has
been a change of cars now so the new one
is something different and it's not a
BMW I anyways now you know boy so the
car that I was working on to get for two
weeks was a BMW i8 eyes might be
wondering why like why am i eight mo the
thing is I don't know it just it came up
it was a good deal and I was like why
not you know like I wanted it because it
was a good deal so it still may happen
but if it happens then I'll have two new
cars but you know what let's let's leave
that out the story guys it's not
complicated
tomorrow morning I'm actually gonna go
pay for my car okay so I couldn't be
stopped by to get myself a fresh juice
guys because I have been talking to you
guys about this juicing diet for so long
guys that you know what I can take the
first step and at least start drinking
like fresh juices
yeah oh damn son that's orange pineapple
yes thank you so much there we go boys
my fresh juice I just want to say when
you're sick guys juice is probably one
of the best things to have like it just
clears your throat you know so we just
came to do some shopping and Luca who
they're playing wait wait for it they're
playing Rihanna right now in the store
guys that's crazy that I got to meet her
hey that's Reata hey yo I want another
Rihanna track playing right now another
Rihanna song yo you know it's wrong guys
the only reason my mom's doing shopping
is cuz she has a voucher did you see
that like she was like no it's expiring
in two days I need to come oh my god I'm
gonna lose my voucher so as always as my
mum has no idea what to spend per
voucher on like the thing is you have to
spend 400 to get 200 off you know it's
kind of like a system where they're
trying to make you spend more money but
she's only found one piece for 100 to do
this I think I should get this there is
a South Park t-shirt or a jumper well
how many you're sure it's her she liked
this guy's oh yo this actually looks
really nice I do have to admit guys look
at that yo your boys looking fresh it's
nice is actually pretty nice right so I
ended up buying this jumper him because
I liked it so much I actually want to
wear it around the mall so let's put it
on right now
so check it out guys I just came into
this store and I'm looking at this thing
they have it's like a hoverboard looking
thing but I don't know exactly what this
is cool but it's pretty cool you could
actually walk this thing that if I push
it a little forward it'll just keep
going on its own alright let's stop it
let's stop it guys and if I could do the
same backwards it goes backwards as well
look at that
anyways pretty cool thing they have over
here guys check it out I literally it
can walk itself like a headache other
it's so awesome there's actually an app
where you can walk it so if you're lazy
and you don't want to do anything you
can just let it go by itself
mama don't like you and she likes
everyone okay for now we're actually
heading off home boys but I actually
feel so bad because I'm teasing you in
my new car but I will give you one more
hint okay so the new color of my car is
gonna be red okay the car I'm buying is
red so yeah guess down below what you
guys think and then hopefully after
tomorrow I will have my new car
meet is the mommy was actually getting
this the Mustang is gonna be mommy most
guys all right so we just made a home
and my sister is giving me a challenge
apparently this is an unopened able
bottle okay impossible - it's impossible
are you sure about that for mommy
couldn't do it dude is wrong it might
have over fist in there and the gas is
like pressure okay oh I didn't think you
could do it mom look at my hand it's red
I tried so hard okay so like five days
ago me and my sister did the try not to
cry challenge and I think a lot of you
enjoyed it so today we're doing the
complete opposite okay we're gonna make
it to try not to laugh smile challenge
whatever you want yeah you can't do
anything look you have to keep a
straight face
do that the video is going to be right
here so let's get into this after one
hour of Frank's but Adams asleep
I don't know come here herself she
proved herself oh wait we're playing
that back guys oh my god yeah I was
definitely hurt
I'm confused she pooped herself no I
can't
I'm da Gama's her book she know it's
cruel dude out right on back yo right
let me write it right
got that one I'm really shocking
challenge like the glass shocking
no don't do it please don't do it
you did it again say Merry Christmas oh
yeah what the hell what oh my god I hope
I don't fall typical white girl let me
show you Uranus okay ah there's Uranus
right there yo what is this with this
like evil pooping themself trended lion
we've had four people poop themselves oh
wait yeah you can try go check the
garbage can run
who's the one who poops in their pants
at least whose are the history
oh my god down got this cheese catchy
anyways they're your guys now on to a
reaction to the try not to laugh
challenge to be honest like that was
cruel most of them were literally kids
being a beautifu opening games and yeah
let me know which ones you like the most
one last thing I want to do today slow
guys it's actually been a really long
time since I've read your letters but
because there are so many layers you
guys said for me I'm gonna read them off
the blog but I will show you anything
cool like anthems yo first packet this
distance man damn I was like no way it
says for cinematic use only that is
definitely the most money we've ever got
fan mail guys down no way yo look at
these guys
this is a launder rose balloon what Lana
rose then we have ammo logs that is
insane thank you so much to us on y'all
I'm definitely gonna blow these up for a
special occasion guys this is probably
the most unique letter I've ever got
guys all it says is try and make the
rest of the paper plane like what yes so
I couldn't mean
you see this I made it I made it guys I
check this out you ready you ready yeah
challenge accepted
whoa y'all look at what I go guys that
is are the coolest keychains ever hi my
love your votes congratulations on 1
million subscribers I think I think this
is a very old letter I'm sorry oh sorry
I haven't read it by Shafi or Maude is
that congratulations on 1 million yeah
I'm sorry I told you I haven't opened
letters for a long time so I appreciate
Shafi and thank you for this cool tea
chain that is awesome you know what guys
making a wrap up today's look here I
hope you have enjoyed thank you so much
for all the bad girl look at it I'm only
like halfway through the layers so far
I've still got this money more yeah
appreciate it so much guys if you do
want to send in anything this is my pure
box but more importantly guys if you
press the subscribe button you you guys
are set you're good for life I don't
even want anything else from you guys so
yeah make sure to subscribe
it'll appreciate so much guys and yeah
we we could hit 3 million in 3 months if
you guys press that button
anyways as always I'll catch you guys
two more I love you all and I'll see you
guys tomorrow with a very very very
special video ok alright see you guys
don't forget to subscribe
yeah Leon oh boy Oh
