look at the road right now tell me this
is nomad hey see anything wrong you
would you can see if you go look we just
got worse
yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today's IG gonna be a
pretty special day tomorrow is my
grandma's birthday so my mom and sister
are gonna go buy her some presents the
thing is when she was coming to device
she broke her phone and it's kind of a
good thing I don't want to sound cruel
or anything but that means we have
something to buy her for now I'm heading
out because I'm actually meeting my boy
Ross and there's some American
youtubers in town you guys may know them
so we're meeting up with them say Jia I
don't want to ruin that name is what g'd
and I I recently were meeting up with a
bunch of youtubers so check it out I
just made it over to the garage to pick
up my car and it is looking so shiny
check this out man I jump on beautiful
rock I just bought me a for Robin I just
pulled up in the rock they're about to
switch on the beast right now
whoo all right that's my baby boys
that's my baby look at it look at her
she's so shiny
anyways that you just saw like really
got my car I'm actually honey I think
you need the shampoo I just want to say
look at the size of this bus compared to
my car boys like my car literally on the
ground this looks like a damn building
in front of me yo look at this Porsche
limousine down that is crazy
Ella you watch the videos awesome thank
you yo that's so crazy the limo driver
just stopped and said he watches the
vlogs
by the way shoutout to him he was in the
limo guys have recognized me so amazing
yeah I love I love I love him so I just
made over to the Burj Khalifa guys as
you can see they're taking my car but I
just bought something crazy bail this is
a full carbon fiber Pagani oh my
goodness oh my God look at it guys it's
so beautiful if you look at the exhausts
it's got like four crazy exhausts Wow I
just want to show you this little quick
guys I've never been this high BAM look
at the floor so check it I just made
over to the boy money kicks guys and we
have a couple of special guest today
check it out BAM
that's what I like a Lamborghini come on
with me let's go straight for America
boys we're about to head out right now
we're actually gonna go over to the IMG
to have some fun so let's go
by the way if you don't already know
guys guys is like the biggest sneaker
head and he's like the king of sneakers
in America and why he's out here he's
bought a bunch of like this is
within two days I bought like probably
like four pairs a week about four pairs
a week he's right here these are these
aren't available in America down the
hall white ones came out of America
basketball these are not even my size
he's been buying a bunch of shoes out
here so you already know the king of
sneakers is in Dubai so you already know
it is we're heading out Rock shits got
the easy car I brought my car I've
actually got a special guest in my car
so you already know what's that way
you're eight to go oh yeah I'm a slow
driver don't like him let's see the
it's your boy I'm on over here and I'm
hiking mr. Bowmont
Oh
we're good or IFG emerald lahardee just
a warm-up in what is this G but
something onto this car they have to get
a little big slide
yes well everything around thank you my
man we just got to the IMG boys check it
out behind me we're all going in right
now that was a hell of a ride I do have
to say next up it's him next up I
actually haven't been here for a while
boys and check this out
damn they made this place like a
Christmas land throwback from my boy
Marwan aka the owner of this place
aka the boss I check it out guys we just
made it inside damn did you guys
recently do this it took us to take two
days so this is the first ride we're
gonna go on boys I'm gonna hop on right
now and let's go see how it is
jululu that was just the first rider
actually going on the foster right now
that was like that's a star crush we're
just about to go in the scary scary ride
which is this point
oh my god
that was insane those crazy was that was
the one no you get that was the one I
was right no just because of the way
right now we're entering the Marvel
section they have over here this place
is massive when I say Marvel section I
mean like Marvel City boys I look at
this place
yeah guy who's trying to break into a
brain
click thing breaking you do a big hit so
we're about to go to spider-man right
right now ready for this ride let's go
let's go
we just finished on this ride boys that
was crazy
yeah you guys decided they saw you in
runnin
we're going for round two right oh baby
that you really know he got next to me
round to that right don't warn no more
so he just made it over to the winged
stuff they have over here boys BAM
we ordered a hundred and ninety wings so
you already know it's about to get
serious we have our gloves on to do the
wings we already know drop down yet on
me one atomic it's okay but topic is
like the super super mostly if I run but
I can't have because it's breaded that's
the only reason that's the only reason
we're just finished eating and my boy
watch E and Raschid are gonna do the
atomic wing challenge okay so we're
gonna record it for the sake of you
three two one go alright they're going
in there digging in they are doing it
okay
I feel bad give you why are you doing
this why did put you to it I'm for
YouTube I can't do another one I can
either come on I want more a lot more
boy
oh he's gonna do it oh I'm enjoying your
wash it looks like there's spirits
haunting it
he's up next he's gonna have one guys he
ignores just gonna have one so we just
finished up with the food yarny but
notice how you know I ain't any as I was
trying to say boys we just finished
showing eating we're heading out of here
the park is actually closed right now
yeah so we're in your overtime you
already know over time Alan the 24 hours
didn't do part
Laurie gang gang gang gang gang yeah
yeah yeah yeah no don't draw my god
these guys yo you guys are savages now
why'd you draw my car love you love you
mo I like that my boy Marwan is heading
out in his beast boy's you already know
listen to this thing okay you ready one
rip one river that's it Pissarro
probably useless you see I'm not you we
are at the Ferrari right now boys look
how fully the street is so down all the
night God we can barely see the car in
front of us so copy Academy see anything
look at look at the sky this goes gas in
Abu Salem's like no way I can't see
anything I'm not gonna go fall we're
stranded guys look at this oh my god
look at the road right now tell me this
is no matter down
my god I know I can't see anything bro
I'm scared
they see anything wrong education if you
go look doesn't mind about if you like I
can see run well yesterday I said I
don't mind the road Yolo Yolo man drive
safe drive safe
I can't see you bro yo I'm trying to
drive over here guys battle of battle
another driver fellows in my examiner re
and is so much my services
oh my god this is we just got worse
there you go now ok there you go -
clears up
I just ain't talking wingman
it's guys wild this guy's wild oh my god
Wow oh my god he go our crazy ride just
finished boys there's a little bit of
accelerations nothing elevates a little
bit we just rated back to the verge look
at it boys it's literally in the clouds
right now that is insane got into Dubai
man and everybody started coming around
on our comments like meet up with mo
vlogs good a mobile a beautiful lunch so
we finally met up and it's not anybody
asked guys amazing though whoa alright
so I just quickly made it over to the
shopping center as I said I need to
quickly go buy my grandma a gift so the
thing is right now my sister and mum are
with my grandma so they can't actually
leave her to buy a gift so that's why
I'm doing it so I create went to bought
the phone guys I'm gonna go see what my
mother grandma are hopefully she doesn't
know this is for her okay so I don't
think she will woo
check it out so you already know we just
made it over to mummy mo and granny mo
boys where's granny both she's hiding
she's hiding from the vlog so look at
what they have going on in the movies if
you remember lost you they had this as
well but they're doing another
Lamborghini giveaway yeah you guys heard
me right they're literally doing a
Lamborghini giveaway so yeah I'm gonna
definitely enter this year basically you
give it your receipts and if you spend
500 or more get like an entrance and I
just spent like over five hundred for
the phone so yes here they come here
they come did you get grandma anything
wait where's they I don't know where
they are but you know what's up so we
just got home guys and look who I ran
into the yo-yo squad what's up what's up
guys they were waiting for me and look
what they have guys they have like a
miniscule version of the Ferrari damn
that is awesome all right it's kind of
dark but thank you guys for that yeah
leo no beasts oh so I know it's late at
night but I'm actually quickly put a
cover on my car the thing is overnight
any car under this tree gets dirty like
super super dirty and they just polished
my car today so I don't want it to look
like dirt tomorrow let's cover this bad
boy up ah and there you go the car is
all covered up the thing is it doesn't
fit properly onto the Ferrari but it's
good enough okay so since it's super
super late I'm gonna say goodbye to all
if you tomorrow is granny Mo's birthday
so that should be crazy fun so I'll see
you then guys as always I love you by
the way check it out
fam this is my grandma's present this is
my phone or this is her phone iberia
guys as always I'll catch you tomorrow I
love you all and yeah
Bella Yolo oh I bought video for rock
for me upper Robin
