yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog today is actually a very
beautiful day like the weather is
perfect and I'm heading out right now
let me keep you guys updated my lip is
getting much better if you don't know I
messed it up really badly guys the whole
inside is ripped but it's getting better
so yeah anyways let's head out have an
amazing day guys but I'll see you once
I'm out let go alright so I just went
over to my friends guys check out who
you have over here the two Dawn's
fatties getting a little bit romantic
because the place of basketball do you
remember last time we made a bet loser
by the other one a shoe so if I went
this time I'm taking your shoes it's
because of my mouth my mouth hurts like
yeah yeah I don't even care I don't care
it's beginner's luck this is how you
cheat guys okay we've emptied out this
machine how you put all the balls in
this machine let's get it ready for the
long shot let's go listen the weirdest
thing just happened to all three of us
guys me fatty
and Ross we're walking around he's
still shocked what happened so we were
outside the Adidas store and there was a
guy holding three Eddie - bags okay he
was selling Yeezys and I ended up buying
my first pair you see I like that I like
that guys I'm not even kidding you like
you were standing outside at eat ass and
I ended up buying easy they're actually
the branding
your sneaker collection is good now
hashtag roblox is better
nice little G to the mercy over 8,800
895 what you bid 8.4 2,400 mm um she's
not bad
anyways huge go boys these are my new
jerseys
the thing is the line is pink it's
actually pink yeah yeah are these fakes
I just got ripped off for Yeezys they're
fakes they're fakes
all right imagine I did that you do it
no way no way we actually got three
pairs of shoes so we got my Yeezys both
Patty and Russian also got pair of shoes
today so check it out
da da da da Dada
smell it yeah I hope they don't smell
like your feet for now I'm going to go
home and explain to my mom how this
happened guys I literally could and as I
mom I bought ez she like what how like
it was so random guys and it kind of
looked a bit dodgy like we were
literally outside and he is trying
uneasy I literally imagine that yes like
store people were looking at us like
what's going on and and the thing is
because it was like a private guy
selling it I was like a cash transaction
I just took the money out my wallet and
I gave it to him and then yeah that was
it was it was so fishy guys yeah there
you go I ended up buying my first ever
very easy my mom's actually never seen
you zis before guys how do you think I
spent my money wisely is it a good
investment mummy do you see these you
see these Wahby huh oh I hope I don't
have a right now when I head out with
the families all my mouth my mouth still
hurts so bad guys oh it go better in the
morning but it's just is so much worse
now so let's go guys I hate spicy food
again the family's ready now guys we're
about to head out where are we going by
the way I don't know
it was so dodgy I was like the most
illegal thing we ever did but I was like
here take the cash take the guys still
didn't get me shoes whoa all right so
check it out guys we actually came over
to the global village today to check out
some cool stuff they have and look at
what they have they have these little
bicycles over here we're gonna go get a
ride in one of these so let's go let's
go oh my goodness guys I love these
things
Tamar making you see your buddy I know
it's so cool
like it guys we're gonna run without
pain we're gonna run over these how this
maze looks beautiful honestly I live
look at the size of this large and high
it looks like a lot it please I love
what you've been going to allot itself
so what what yeah I knew Lana had a
boyfriend out there Aladin that's who it
is
whoever you are Aladdin I will find you
and I will kill you
yay you you're out where concrete dead
it is made of there's nothing like you
you're you know I love guys as soon as
you enter this place it's got like food
different countries so that was I'm
pretty sure that's New York it's that I
guess that's your I hope it's New York
I'm gonna get roasted on on this side we
have London we have the Big Bend guys
honestly there is so many different
countries over here I don't know which
ones to go to because I'm sure if I miss
out a couple of them you guys are gonna
cool be racist so yeah so I'm gonna have
to pick wisely okay
there is a moving car right now and
somebody's playing music on it I'm not
kidding check this out
I've never seen anything like this I
feel like everything moving nowhere like
a whole islands going crazy I feel like
I'm gonna crazy Island right now so
we're just here having our food and
check it out you already know your boy I
love kebabs guys they have an amazing
amazing war show going on right now look
at this
no bad guys anyways that was the war
show pretty cool guys thanks for the
help
yeah thank you for helping me vlog the
water show we just finish with our food
and we're gonna go explore now but I
don't know why there's a bunch of fire
extinguishers here guys what the hell is
this oh I just realized damn saw we in
Egypt already whoa wait as that broken
off somewhere no it has oh wait no wait
that was supposed to be there
that head has broken off that lets go
evacuate evacuate Egypt I'm sorry you're
just not stable no yours was imagined in
so are you vomiting Oh what the hell is
going on behind that camera guy she's
vomiting I'm not a music guys damn son
damn son
yo look at her guys she's on the horses
she is on the horses Yolo Yolo
on three awesome thank you so much yeah
I don't think they got the slogan Yolo
Yolo I tried to make them say it I don't
know what this is guys but it says you
can try it for free so give it a shot
he's gonna go for it like you ready I
just go right okay when I get here Eddie
it's going I'm oh you're messing it up
you're messing it up our voice well that
was our little trip in Egypt we actually
came out with a pot there's another
dancing show going on so let's go check
it out
the show's never stopped over here like
they are back-to-back shows so right now
we're heading into front because I'm
always ready Franz has the best luxury
products like a badger putter
I'm sure they're gonna have those
fashion items over here guys all these
were already in the fashion industry
guys them son I'm you fraud without the
best clothing look alack I want to show
you the man that can make any noise in
the world okay check this out
that is awesome wow that that's insane
so I ended up getting one let's see if I
can do that gaze a professional so he's
going to teach me their corona so what
do I do this this is going to put it
like a rainbow hold it like you're
wrecking there which way is the very but
now turn it around just turn it around
so the white second see this that's
we're going to put that on our tongue
okay I'm gonna turn green
okay this close okay now it's gotta get
wet for a second don't eat it don't eat
it you look so weird doing that wall and
these don't just keep your head straight
I think I accidentally chewed mine guys
so my sister's gonna try attempt this
again I think I honestly have an
abnormal shape I got it
peace out
see you next time the thing is guys
there's so much over here that I don't
want to ruin it all in one video so to
be continued you see one of these cool
places we're gonna come next time okay
so stay tuned for that for now we're
heading out regarde little whistles I'm
gonna practice bad thing at all gonna do
before we leave this is awesome look at
the kids running through there down son
it's all front row right I dare you oh
oh oh this is the dangerous one got now
you have to go back
alright guys look at this oh oh oh God
that is actually pretty fun yeah that
looks like I have to say this place
Brodie has one of the nicest exits ever
guys look in front of us there one last
stop before we go boys I need to make a
call to my grandpa all right grandpa
we're coming that's not that's not what
you can't even open it k√ºbra goodbye
wonderland
I'll see you soon I'll see you soon
weird thing is going on right now I I
qualify my car where is it
yo we're so bored slow down are you guys
sure even parked here somebody stole my
car
um we're screwed we actually have no
idea you can use alarm system where's my
alarm system go for it there's no one
for an alarm system yeah great great job
yay we found the car
whoa okay so he finally made a homeboys
but before I wrap up today's vlog my
sister she hasn't seen my Easy's dot dot
dot dot dot dot dot
oh wow that looks so nice you like them
yeah these are nice they don't fit me
don't finish no I just wanted easy easy
not kidding they fit me but they're a
little bit small they're like half a
size I told you it's a legal transaction
like what the hell he was gonna tell him
wait get me another size this guy was
selling one but one more thing I need to
tell you guys since I didn't promise you
yesterday the car situation basically
let me just be honest with you guys
completely what's happened we found the
car we finalized the price and
everything was finalized except the
handover and payment and today my friend
was calling but we didn't really get any
answer like they just weren't picking up
the seller wasn't so I don't know I
don't know they could be busy something
could have happened but on my side
everything is clear like me and my
friend are clear we literally did all
the talking part so it's kind of strange
that we didn't get answer today but I'll
keep you posted but honestly I can't
even give you guys a guarantee day
anymore because today was supposed to be
the day that we finish everything but
yeah all right guys I know it's a weird
situation but just bear with me I'll
keep you guys updated as always I'm
gonna wrap up today's look here guys my
mouth still hurts so bad I'm actually
forcing myself I'm actually forcing
myself to speak on the vlog for you guys
so yeah I got you guys some more I love
you all and as always yeah lydiana bye
boom
