no Raschid I said don't do anything dumb
yo what is up everyone I don't even know
how to start off today's vlog but our
cat has lost its voice completely like
you're not even gonna believe it when I
say it but he opens his mouth meowing
and nothing comes out hello you're not
saying anything what guys I have no idea
what's happened but he's just mute he's
fine health-wise he's eating drinking
properly he's running around but his
voice is not there somebody pressed the
mute button water water
dad dad all right so while we are on the
topic of cats right now me and my sister
are actually gonna go pick up our other
two cats ZZ and Dee Dee do I have cake
in my teeth no you're good
yeah you do yeah that was like one duck
here's the thing guys yesterday we
actually went to the vet and we gave our
cats in we gave them in to get like
their vaccines done because they are
baby kittens so right now we're actually
go pick them up so let's go and see how
they're doing
oh-oh-oh that is a big version of DD so
these are some cats for adoption and
they have some cool names when these
rocket damn Oh
oh my god blender is vicious what is
blended is easy trying to fight the bird
Oh rocket hi oh no I'm not sure she
wants the car are you okay that's D D
this is vicious alright guys so right
now you're inside the vet and look who
we have hey DeeDee why does DeeDee not
remember us is that who are these humans
who are these human beings it's us your
owner anyways for now it's time to take
them guys so let's go okay so before we
leave the vet we just found something
really cool over here they have like
these water therapy sessions guys check
this out what it's amazingly like a lot
of the animals that just come out of
like a procedure or something they
actually put them in water to walk and
if you guys can see this this dog is
right now doing it I feel like we need
to put you in there guys that is so
awesome so the dog is walking in water
right now and that's like therapy we
just finished up at the vet and our cats
now have passports
oh yeah they're no longer illegal come
on my dad anyways but now I may be
saying goodbye to my mom and sister
because I need to go get a haircut
really bad so let's go and I'll see you
at the barber yeah
oh my god so this is my new haircut and
along with my haircut look who else is
here
Ross and too long bro guys how do you
like my haircut that was a one right you
saw them what the guy was doing okay so
right now we've actually come over to
the computer store because me and Ross
should have recently gone to a law
gaming we're gonna feed everybody in
this game with Sun in for night oh my
boy played fortnight one game yesterday
and he thinks he's a pro did you so this
is one of the computers were checking
out this is 19,000 so we're looking at
some of the gaming computers they have
because we actually might start
streaming from twitch well I don't we
stream this is computers 19,000 so this
is super dope and I don't know what this
is but it looks insane so here's the
thing I want you guys to tell me
honestly in the comment section do you
guys want to see me start my gaming
channel again cuz me and wash it or
actually considering to do so so yeah
okay sir sir ah is forcing me to
give my Ferrari key don't don't do
anything dumb I swear if you do anything
dumb okay no rush it I said don't do
anything dumb
brought to your Nicky you think you're
gonna get that out get that now I like
your gear the gear you get to get out of
the car get out I'll just get her but
the coordinates you unlocked basically
right now are clearly waiting for
auctions driver today here because
there's three of us and I only have one
extra see so once he comes we're heading
and I don't really know the plan is
today your boy is looking so here's the
thing right now we just made it back to
my house and this is the game I'm
talking about guys back home so I'm sure
lot of you know what it is if you know
what it is oh oh no no the rock shadow
dime Oh guys this is intense this is
intense antenna I'm super hungry right
now we're about to go eat and yeah let's
go okay so right now me and the boys
came to eat some food and we're gonna
play a game to see who pays the bill
we've got all three of our credit cards
in my hand whatever the guy chooses pace
I got my boy Jacob over here who pays
the bill huh pick a card
I hate you you Pig my card we made a
quick stop over at deals on wheels and I
know we're always here but let me
discuss something with you guys rush I
tell them or you want to tell them no no
not you
so rien Rocha are over here and they
have a Lamborghini murciélago over here
it so basically me rush it are
absolutely in love with this car they
have and rush it's considering buying it
he's telling me to buy it wait what bro
I took a date to McDonald's yesterday
honest opinion what do you think yeah
one of the best yeah okay I will quickly
take you guys inside it just so you can
see wow this is like a nine year old car
guys but it just still looks so classy
oh thank you and look at the key guys it
actually has a physical key like what
all right put it in turn I can you want
your to get here you do it guys I don't
know how to turn the car
these are classics now right Wow and
those are hard to find in the Roadster
oh yeah this is a convertible yeah wait
where's the roof it's like the road so
you can remove the parts and put it in
the trunk let me know in the concession
what do you think about the murciélago
we literally just came here for this
guy's cuz this is one of the new cars
they have and like as they said it's
like a hard car to find right now we're
heading out we literally just came your
flight 10 minutes to check out there
more Salah go but look at what they have
for Valentine's Day guys check this out
oh they put two Enzo's kissing and I
don't know if you guys realize these are
two million dollars each and they took
them this close to each other like brah
my finger can't even fit there guys look
my finger does not pause so we are back
home right now and I kid you not were
becoming addicted to this game oh look
at that focus Pro what are you looking
that is what you call a focus space
right now but just don't die right oh
he's on the chase guys she's on the
chase she saw someone broke get him get
him
Oh
oh you had it no we're playing this game
for now right now for those of you who
don't know what this game is
it's like Hunger Games so a hundred
people are put into the game and the
last one alive wins ramen I believe you
just enjoy playing this game so right
now I actually have a big surprise for
my boy Roshan so he's at my house and he
doesn't know I got my God look at that
bling-bling but your eyes are so raw
 just saw this and he said it looks
like real gold bro you can eat it I
swear you can eat it it's how you know
you know you don't
are you ready what's it taste like white
chocolate oh alright guys so check out
who just came to my house I don't watch
your first time I know it's my first
time man here's the thing
Adams here I have a boxing bag and Adams
a boxer I seen I was like yo got a bro
you're on teach me a quick one to Emma
teachable you just like a one-two like a
knockoff Lucy oh I might be training him
oh one two body shot body shot which is
uppercut okay one two three four always
have your hand on your like jaw yeah
yeah okay okay I like that that's pretty
good Adams about to dunk on us right now
so right now we just played a game of
basketball against Adam until all and
the wager is loser dunks their head in
keep it in there for a minute
3 2 1 go where peels are pressuring
right okay okay so here's the thing I
know I did a vlog much but right now
Adam is actually heading out bro oh man
so he's actually leaving the country
tomorrow I'm gonna quit I love you know
foresee situation video yeah but wait
before you guys go I should say if you
haven't already full of good Instagram
make sure to do so I know a lot of you
are not following me there so if you
guys want to see cool stuff like
exclusively go and check out my
Instagram right mol underscore blogs
underscore video as always I'll see you
tomorrow and you know subscribe if
you're new Yolo Yolo
