yo yo yo what is up everybody welcome to
another vlog look what we have over here
this morning somebody is stealing my car
yep that's right why are you touching my
car you got a business meeting what
about that car I'm going to burn Missy
please oh yeah excuses excuses guys
she's stealing my damn car oh you want
to be a camouflage car guys I'm sure
nobody will see you now
peace out see you soon I don't know why
I trust her with my car look at her she
has no idea what she's doing so I just
sort of say one thing guys I've been
getting a ton of comments your mole when
is your next giveaway gonna be can I
just want to tell you expect a huge
giveaway very very soon guys okay I'm
trying to plan out what I want to give
away and I actually have some of the
things guys that I want to show you if
I'll give you like a little sneak peek
guys are you ready just stay tuned I
think you guys will like you know look
who made it back home basically guys she
took out my car to be camouflaged
but the opposite happened apparently so
many people's car everywhere they know
that I know so a couple days ago I
didn't like this thing where I use this
gas torch that he got this knife like
extremely hot and I cut through things
and I said if we're 50k likes I would
burn anything you guys wanted me to so
today I have to do my end of the promise
let's do this oh you broke the egg my
god damn it health and safety guys help
this take precautions whoa here goes
nothing guys night versus egg what is
happening just cooking the egg oh oh
that snap oh
it's sticks mo yeah that smells and
there's like smoke going up everywhere
thanks for the close-up shots Lana
nice nice the clothes I'm like yeah okay
yeah it is went back and round two this
time we're gonna go for the white
chocolate boys look at that would you
guys think whap and I think we'll turn
the white into black okay okay the life
is flaming hot right now guys let's do
this
oh oh oh oh what it lights it up it
lights it up all right
living room is full of smoke right now
that was the craziest one so far
round two is amazing let's get on to
round sorry no guys I don't know why our
cats never leave like anything we do
there could be a bump but they'll sit
next to us you see that's what you call
diesel no no way a bar boys round 1 & 2
were just teasers round 3 I don't even
know why I'm doing this we're gonna be
doing it till I know
moment of silence for this iPhone may
you're off your life be just as good as
your life with a sad night you guys told
me to do it I'm gonna do it who said
that
somebody called it two dead whoever it
was about one person that one person in
Whitman this is for you are you better
pressed like a cake we're going to put
the iPhone on the sacrificing train duh
duh duh okay so you can probably tell
that we're outside right now guys I
decided in case anything blows up I
don't want to be inside the house so
we're doing the outside okay here goes
nothing guys let's do this
I'm putting some force on it oh oh
nothing's happening oh do you see the
game there's something going on in the
screen something in the screen was
expanding do you see that oh you can see
when it's off as well
yo all right guys all right beep nobody
works yeah I don't know I think we just
melted the screen a little apart from
that nothing not been enough mom that's
look I everyone because that's not
enough for you guys let's porch porch it
I never suggested that by the way so if
anything happens is your fault
yo I swear this blows up oh I'm back up
back up from Peckham it's not that bad
the same thing happened but like um
Island bigger scale yeah but we're gonna
see there you go the world's first
fireproof iPhone you know why this is
fireproof guys this is made in China so
this is Fink yeah I think so it's too
cheap to be real so boys got the
connections with the Chinese market boys
got the connection made in China you see
that Lamborghini me no I I got my car
from Italy more that Ferrari the made a
giant lineup
there you go boys we did it again
there's one more thing though I know all
if you want to see which is this knife
versus my Ferrari okay don't block
duster I'm not doing it unless I hit my
ek likes okay such a traitor mole I
thought I was your favorite car
masti must be so happy that you got rid
of him at least I wouldn't get hurt like
what the guys dead but he dies a Stefan
about to get killed
she's about to get slaughtered this used
to be your favorite card how'd she
reckon only to paint a Ferrari again oh
my god are you see you already know what
it is guys I just got ready put on my
clothes BAM swag the cool one truth yeah
why am I getting a cool from the United
States we just got by the petrol station
guys it's family picnic day like I'm
still waiting for my reply remember guys
drank because of my brother I
accidentally sent you a private DM and
Rianna's what my sister Jim Drake and
Rihanna because you just died your
friends drinks like I don't know these
guys they my friend's brother check it
out guys the main reason we actually
came out today is because we came for
the last round of furniture shopping and
we finally bought something guys I
wasn't going to show you unless we
bought something and bam check it out so
these are the sofas we finally picked
guys damn son
look at that luxury lifestyle oh we got
our boy Muhammad over here hooking it up
guys ok so shout out to him we've been
like bargaining for the past half an
hour so yeah shot I to him he finally
came along with that she was like listen
this is your final price I was like
you're my man
you're my man this is my man Muhammad
he's from Pakistan he hooked it up we've
been sitting here for like half an hour
negotiating but you know he came along
with me so we're pretty purchasing it
he's riding up the invoice right now so
we should have new couches let's get it
Thank Instagram is gonna get linglong to
these couch yeah I'm gonna put like you
know
emotional pictures like sometimes
success comes with hard time by the way
these don't come with it these are
handmade these are neat turn D as
expensive as a cap because they're like
art pieces so I'm sorry my bank account
doesn't work thank you like anyways
voice for now we're heading out your
valve I've got a GTR next to us yo yo yo
yo to me he doesn't even know your date
you stay tuned there's something it
happening soon guys I don't even know
you tomorrow we're gonna have a special
family member back on the blogs so
there's one more thing we actually need
to buy guys which is the carpet because
we still don't have a nice carpet so we
came over to the mall to buy that but
look at what's in the valley BAM we got
a rolls-royce and right next to it a GTR
but look this rolls-royce actually looks
like the one my sister had for a
birthday remember BAM go pretend like
it's yours the owner cousins I'm with
that that's my car so we've been looking
around for some carpets guys as I
mentioned but the problem is that these
are the carpets they have over here oh
they're super comfy oh my god now that I
touch them I like them but we need a big
carpet I don't think you can do angel
shapes on there yeah you don't be aware
that there's people watching the guys
there's people watching you you're such
a weirdo get up so we're doing a little
bit of late night shopping guys I made a
bad decision to not take a basket
because we were only supposed to get
bread and milk guys the nice little ice
cream on the way hey you know what you
just see a bunch of things on the way
and you want to get them so yeah okay so
we just made it home guys you know it's
funny there's actually notes on both my
sister and my car guys so check it out
this is the note on my sister's we love
you Lana
from the Tosh
Kent family okay and then there's also
one of mine let's see what this is oh oh
I guess that's the same tashkent again
but they gave me money she ass damn that
is also thank you Tashkent family I'm
trying to imagine how our living room is
gonna be tomorrow with the new couches
guys because honestly is going to
transform a lot sure yeah it's gonna
look crazy guys I'm excited guys that's
what I'm trying to say
anyways I'll catch you guys tomorrow
when the new furniture gets here it
comes you tomorrow morning which is
pretty good because yeah I'm surprised
they do Next Day Delivery on like
furniture guys so see then I love you
all as always stay awesome yella yawn oh
boy by the way Merry Christmas and a
Happy New Year but
