oh I thought yo yo everyone what is up
welcome to another vlog so today I'm
gonna start off the vug by burning some
stuff and I'm goin couple of very
interesting things I want to put to the
test today okay so let's see if they
burn or they don't so if you guys
remember I bought this like Thinking
Putty awhile ago this thing is pretty
useless I'm just going to be honest with
you guys look it's just like this
see-through putty I don't even know what
it is but we're gonna see if this burns
okay oh look at that oh my god it's
burning no it's all fire it's actually
on fire all right I want to see where
you can touch this I are you ready
Oh underneath is okay no way underneath
it seems to be completely fine look we
can just rub this all off no it's
actually not done anything to it except
make it hot now the main thing I
actually want to burn today is none of
that nonsense guys okay it's my sister's
shoes so she she loves her shoes way too
much guy she always takes ages picking
war shoes she wants to wear so why not
let's narrow it down for hurricane let's
burn one of them so she can't wear them
anyway she's gonna be so mad I don't
even know how much these shoes are guys
so hopefully I picked the cheap one
again I didn't pick her Louboutins or
anything because I know they're
expensive but these these look like
they're normal shoes
oh no no that smells so bad guys that
smells so bad right now now you don't
have to pick what you want to wear oh
this is a fireball right now let's turn
it off guys I think that's enough for
all the sisters out there you need to
start getting ready earlier or else your
brother can do this okay what does it
turn you on mommy it's not turning off
yo it's actually not turning off what
coming back yeah I told yo there you go
that is that's my sister's pair of shoes
guys uh I hope she can still wear them
she's going to kill you mom I'm actually
gonna go put these outside over my not
killing this is what an unburned pair
looks like and then this is her new pair
of shoes okay hopefully now she doesn't
need to pick between 50 shoes because
now she's only got 49 I think I actually
might die
I thought that here's your what what's
wrong with you let's raise a joke yes
they do I'll buy I'll buy you another
pair why are you so mad about you I like
the shoes I'll buy you one really if you
bought me while I was yeah this is me
did you store for something else
don't take some I'll buy you it's a pair
of shoes I'll tell you that idea
she broke the damn strap be right back
guys I need to go apologize to my sister
please please I just want to say I'm
sorry no I swear I'll buy you another
one please it was it was just a prank
I'm sorry I swear I'll buy you a new
pair I swear I'll buy you a new no no
stop please
I'm looking you're gonna look like it
angry okay you know okay did she seem
okay
you're so temperamental so happy that
you weren't one of my favorite okay I'm
buying you a new one I promise okay
I'm okay log you forgiving okay who's
the best team on mom
one eternity later half an hour later I
finally convinced this guy this guy okay
I need a violins Lana to come down and
we're gonna go buy her new shoes we're
at double the value of those shoes
anymore okay fine we're gonna we're
gonna buy her a pair of shoes worth
double the value of the ones I burn it
morning yeah this song suck
this is some real songs guys okay we
just made it over to the shopping mall
guys and look at the decorations they
have BAM they have a buncha you AE flags
in case you're wondering I think that's
for a National Flag Day that was here
and it still is coming up I'm so bad on
my dates guys I get anyway this for
national flag day
and a cool fact for you guys that may
not know the UAE as a country has only
been around for forty five years which
is really really young for a country
like there's people older than this
country which is insane if you think
about it and I know love you're like
wait what so you mean like the land came
out I know I know okay it was here
before like the physical country was
here but it became the UAE 45 years ago
but pretty cool anyways let's go look
around for some shoes guys there you go
some facts with my hey hey blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah
yo this shop has got like the most
ridiculous animations going on
it's all holding a lady Oh
oh are you a gentleman so my sister
finally picked out some shoes that she
wants guys they are these okay I don't
even know how the whole genre off the
shoe changed from like heels to sneakers
but I guess if that's what she wants
that's what she gets guys what is that
that looks disgusting
one time you sucks they look like you
know what they look like you know you
put hot dogs in the other things that
you like take the hot dogs out whoa and
there goes the hot dog yeah that looks
so weird guys I've never seen socks like
that before
Oh Mike it looks like you're netting
your foot so she's picked out two guys
not even one two oh those look badass
look at that
so these shoes that my sister picked
they didn't have in her size but they
had another color they had like the
white and brown so I'm not sure if she's
gonna are you gonna keep those or order
those okay so she's gonna order these in
her size and mommy Mo's getting those
shoes guys look those pink ones so there
you go guys those are your two shoes I
hope you're both happy let's go look
what I just realized they have in the
shop guys look for the ceiling there is
literally a bunch of shoes stuck to the
roof guys look at this cool system they
have you get points I'll put in your
phone on that machine
I was just on Instagram right now guys
and I saw the coolest fan or ever so
I've decided to start something once a
week I'm gonna pick the coolest picture
or fan or you guys send in to me on
Instagram and you're gonna get a shout
out and I had to give this guy one look
at this photo he made it that is one of
the coolest fine arts I've ever seen
shout out to that guy for making me the
don't piss fan or ever that's his second
time sending me one if you guys want a
chance to be on the vlogs
just like cos rod was today make sure to
tag me in any fan or you have on
Instagram so yeah shout out to you man
that is insane don't forget if you want
to enter you have to obviously follow me
on Instagram so BAM there's my name whoa
unsure blows underscore don't follow the
wrong account guys my sister's having
food from here I'm having food from here
and then what the hell is that that is
not on the menu mummy this store is
closing but you know what I thought it'd
be amazing for the limbo time limbo
limbo limbo limbo my grandma
yo that store was legit closed guys and
I just went in dicey sometimes it's good
to be flexible I limbo it my way in
there's only one thing you can do after
you've eaten your food voice and that's
come and get your dessert
no they don't have my chocolate cake
I literally ate my food quickly just to
come get my cake I don't like that cake
I don't like that I want my chocolate
cake mommy you put you promised me
they'd have my chocolate cake
no this is rubbish I don't like this
it's been it's not the same yeah they
don't have my cake I'm gonna join you
and get some ice cream okay does that
even match coconut powder on a chocolate
ice cream yeah that's gonna be weird I
don't know they step in
scare prank scare prank on my mom oh oh
my mom why are you paying with coins
again you always do this no guys my mom
always pays with coins that is so weird
exposed by the way look at this guys
they actually have like these Santa hats
over here so you can tell that Christmas
is coming that's what's up ho ho ho ho
ho by the way it was his hat guys I
stole his hat off him it wasn't mine it
wasn't my piece
I think the coffee shop is closing so
look what they've done they put all of
the sugar on one table that was so bad
you listened to my car in a parking lot
you
you
mom why'd you have to put the camera so
close to my face I oh what a beautiful
car dragon know me and my mom just came
to do some grocery shopping here check
these up like for Christmas you can
actually become a reindeer I'll play
Heisey do cats
oh my god I'm doing my mama funny whoa
can't live anymore
and living is about you
we're gonna do the mega flip bottle
challenge so we have a big bottle time
to see who can land it all right Lana
you go first oh this looks like it's
gonna go wrong
oh oh oh why is there cat running ha ha
ha
three two one well that's how you do
this all right my turn let's do this
vamos vamos
wow that's was so that was not a double
flip I don't know okay let's go double
time
that's no good what well there you go
that's where the hair is that thought
bad at football chatting no no no
shut up
just be quiet
you keep screaming you've been down here
for an hour
I've got a headache so you guys should
know what I want to talk to you guys
about right now because it has been an
ongoing situation so my car I told you
guys yesterday I'll update you today and
II okay don't kill me basically let me
first tell you what's going on so this
car I'm buying is off a friend of a
friend's friend okay that's three
friends involved so my friend knows a
guy which is his friend and then his
friend is selling the car so basically
today we've just been trying to organize
everything but the guy that owns the car
was busy so basically what I'm trying to
say is don't worry the car should be
would be soon but it's just taking
longer than usual because there's
there's three people involved so it's
like hi hi hi and by the time the
message gets back and forth it's just a
little bit more longer than I thought
it'd be okay last thing iPhone 7 winners
gonna be announced tomorrow that this is
not the seven this is my phone guys but
if you guys want to win lost chance
subscribe right now tomorrow I'm gonna
be picking the winner so good luck
everybody
and yeah you literally could be the one
with the iPhone yet you right there I'm
watching you could have my iPhone 7 plus
the bar so yeah anyways that's it guys I
just thought I'd update your the car
anyways besides of that this week's
gonna be insane yeah he's actually
flying to Dubai like in two days so
you're gonna see him again you guys know
him yeah demise anyways
catch you guys some more I love you all
and as always yeah Leon oh boy boom
