yo guys what is up welcome to another
vlog so before today's look starts just
a gentle reminder I'm finally picking
the iPhone 7 winner in two days times so
if you guys want to be in for a chance
to win this make sure to subscribe and
yeah good luck everybody
anyways today me and my mom are heading
out so I hope you enjoy today's vlog
let's go this is
so the first stop of the day we came
over to this toy store but this is a
pretty cool toy store look what they
have guys you could buy Legos by the
kilo they literally have like every
single color you could imagine Wow
that is insane I don't know why we keep
running into cool things but look at
this it is super fascinating so it's
like this bubble thing and when you
press the button it changes color what
that is it's a nice changing color one
more time Boop
so the real reason I actually came over
here to this area guys if you can't
already see it's a beautiful area but
secondly since I am giving away the
iPhone in two days I came here to take a
couple of photos with it because
honestly I haven't even used this thing
properly so let's see what a time lapse
on an iPhone looks like a three to one
bonuses
that was insane
this camera is so hated I feel bad
giving it away Nana I'm kidding guys
don't worry this is coming to you guys
this place is one of the most gorgeous
areas ever if you remember this is where
my mum and sister had their birthday
exactly on that yacht over there you see
that yacht that was her birthday that
was her birthday so while we're here I
actually have one thing to torch you
guys about so if you don't already know
Casey nice that is he's like a huge
vlogger he taught a lot of people how to
vlog I'm just gonna be honest and even
my time lapse is that I do my music cuts
I learned from him man but recently he
quit YouTube
he quit YouTube because he wants to move
on to other things and that's crazy oh I
don't even know what to say I'm gonna
miss him so much on YouTube and yet when
you decide to come back Casey sorry I'll
be here for you and I'm sure a lot of
others will be okay so we want to go
down to the your area guys but I'm not
sure if this is the best way to go but
let's give it a shot this is not the way
as I'm sure this is taking us somewhere
completely wrong so I've actually come
to buy my room some decorations guys you
guys already know I have like this glow
orb thing but I want something cooler
look look oh my goodness this is so
bright I want one of these they're like
these jelly things they look so awesome
anyways one thing I am definitely
getting look at what they have over here
they have the world's biggest
toothbrushes oh my god oh my I just
dropped all of them help help me mummy I
don't even know if this works look at
the size of it they actually have a
really
special room in here I'm gonna go show
you what it is look at this
whoa they have a bunch of paintings that
are like light-activated
I I don't even know that make sense
basically they're paintings that
actually have real light in them so look
at this whoa
that is insane this is one of my
favorite paintings over here look at
that oh my goodness
imagine having this in your house pretty
awesome room guys pretty awesome room so
for the longest time ever I wanted to
try a bath foam guys and this store has
a bunch of them I look at all of these
bath bombs so I'm actually gonna get a
couple of them the first one I'm gonna
get is this these are like rainbow
colored so they're gonna like disperse
into different colors I think this one
is also cool look at it guys you can
tell that it's gonna like blow up it's
like 50 different colors so let's go for
that one as well in case you guys are
wondering what a ball form is I'm gonna
show you right now okay check it out
we're gonna test out this one it looks
really really cool guys with this we're
gonna try out this bump on it see how
it's going to explode so I much prefer
g2 100 booty I can hear the counter he's
gonna count down from you guys bomb time
when is it ever a gorgeous
now I'm getting a manicure done right
now guys I'm playing man just me guys my
mom's trying it - yeah I'm gonna go home
right now and try out those boss bombs
I've actually never used them before but
before I do I feel a bit cheek you guys
I want to get something so let's go
ahead let's see if we can ah I was gonna
try and keep my money I'm gonna go ahead
and get a cap prisunic eight come on
yes we are now my boss from time to do
the ball through bottle challenge oh my
goodness why are you rekt oh okay their
balls have been in my wife wait are you
sure about this but whatever it is it
function if I get smooth your skin cream
and just it does something Wow yeah this
is the coolest one guys
Oh blue wait do they explode because
they're called bombs they don't explode
guys they they fizz
they're like they blow often if they
exploded I would not be touching them
there you go we got the lovely array of
ball forms I'm gonna go change into my
bikini guys so lets it be right back to
belly but juh lesson
um that's just weird more men at least
let me not be in the background when
you're doing that yeah cuz I thought you
could see me over there someone I can't
see boys your boy Bowl is in this bikini
now okay and it is time to get things
started again so I think you should put
your shirt over your pants I just I
don't know I just feel it looked weird
are you criticizing my bikini mommy why
don't you two put your shirt over your
pants no yo be care me no spray those we
use a brick for a plug this is our
bumper off light there you go don't
don't judge your skies don't you judge
your knees your job you can't tell me
this brick does not do the job so far we
are ten minutes in it and the water it's
still at the bottom it's still at it the
one so we're gonna wait up for there you
sure this this looks so cool guys whoa
our house is so damaged guys upstairs
shower has no hot water so I have to
literally boil the hot water with my mum
just to take you upstairs like that's
how I solve baddest cuz you need hot
water for the bath bombs to like do
their thing and and there's no hot water
so no there's not that you're lying yeah
you're lying you're lying
oh my god
now this is all this is really all I
need more huh what mummy it's cold
okay let's go oh okay yeah I will throw
on his belly
okay let's go this star I'll start with
the blue all right here goes nothing
guys three good dog truck you don't be
by three-tier water girl drop
oh my goodness this is Tama right spring
everyone wet my mouth
it is not boxing for me oh my god
it looks like the universe you know one
of them went under my butt man Tavella
can pan down whole day is going on with
this oh wait oh hey it's dissolving in
my head what is that
I can only ever know wait listen to that
wait wait shh what is that behind drink
it it smells like you're farting back in
the hood again this is gonna be flag
we're going under guys be right back
don't turn your head cuz your ears are
good time to unbreak the blog content
alright let's do this I'm a flower
we found your thumb
just finished our we're taking my shower
much skin actually feels flawless now I
don't know if it was to do with the bath
bombs guys but yeah just having a quick
pop pizza
Oh some good pizza guy some the pizza
now I love you in my food I genuinely
need to brush my teeth to go to bed but
since I bought this why not use this
toothbrush I carry let me show my sister
she hasn't seen this yet it's a massive
toothbrush it's actually for brushing
your teeth oh my goodness what the hell
was that
what that I'm you're like broken that is
the world's largest toothbrush right
there time to brush my teeth brush your
teeth teeth teeth I think we need a
couple of layers one this is a waste of
toothpaste
oh okay three two one hmm the worst idea
ever I do have to say it's full coverage
like when I put this in my mouth it's
everywhere ha ha ha
before I she and my book today I was
something serious to talk to you guys
about and I just want to say first of
all thank you for sticking through with
me because you guys already know it's
taken me like 2 months to buy a car or
the process of buying anyways tomorrow
everything hopefully 99% should be
getting confirmed with my car so if it
does I should have my car within the
next 2 or 3 days ok
I'm just going to tell you straight up
not if you really know what it is ok
I've been seeing the comments wrong
wrong wrong wrong wrong the reason
you're wrong is not because you're bad
and guessing I am the bad one because I
took a complete u-turn when it came to
choosing my car so when you see it
you're gonna be shocked but I don't
think it's going to be a good shot
you're probably gonna hate me but don't
worry it's still
to be good okay I'm just gonna say
you're probably gonna hate what I picked
but it's nice that no guy's gonna wrap
up today's look here good night
everybody
one more thing though if you guys can
please go ahead and follow me on
instagram bam mo underscore vlogs
underscore i'd appreciate because you
guys have been killing you my instagram
has been fire recently thanks to you so
yeah make sure to follow that and i'll
be doing a giveaway once i hit half a
million on there so let's get it anyways
cash got some more exciting stuff to
come and yeah galeano oh boom
