yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so today's gonna be an
awesome awesome day I'm actually heading
over to a sneaker event with my boy Ross
it's like this huge sneaker event going
on but I don't have my car if you guys
can't see that yesterday when I was with
my friends
I left my car and then I came home with
them so I don't know what's happened to
my car for all I know it could be
impounded guys I don't know let's go get
my car and then we can head over to the
event let's do this
look at the view right now oh my
goodness you so alert I've actually
forgotten how small this cars look after
sit like my legs are bent up and down we
finally made it over to my car boys it's
still here no fines nothing why we're
good to go baby let's do this we're
saying goodbye to my sister peace out
adios so I just made it over to where
the event is taking place which is in
these really cool building and if you
haven't already seen today it's actually
very cloudy the thing is I'm gonna put
in a section that I had to redo in my
intro BAM wait was that rain I felt
something god I swear it's raining this
is just me going crazy
and for a second I felt some rain when I
was doing my intro but I just redid the
intro because I thought I was sounding a
little crazy so yeah that's pretty cool
actually think it might have been
raining today you know we live in Dubai
because I was genuinely surprised when I
felt the rain I was like what is this
miracle or from the sky so this is
pretty unexpected but look who turned
out
Lloris K&Y Eminem showed up to the joint
I don't I didn't even know they were
coming guys they surprised us so we're
gonna go I was here man and I just like
just going down right now and I was like
okay that's flat full ugh
anyways we're gonna go around see what's
up first time here so it should be done
so basically what goes on in this event
like a bunch of shoe companies
government sells shoes but also people
come alike trade their shoes so this is
like one of the booths over here we're
looking around I think Rock should wants
to get some stuff by the way look at
this guys they actually have the red
Octobers over there so that's pretty
cool this guy can do a backflip running
off the wall
right now we're in the adidas store guys
I'm gonna go see if I can find anything
trying to buy something everyone's sold
out the money they have to shoot in
birdcages so I quickly came when I tried
on these shoes I really want them guys I
might still get their office size big
for me but they look amazing watch the
video a man look at these sneakers I
like that
Gucci i'm sorry i don't have cool
sneakers today guys i need you to step
my game up by the way guys I have to
take the money out look at that oh
that's that's cash right here - cash
he's trying to get that in his pocket
bro we go Lenny Vinny brother a video
this is a boss
nice uniforms what is the district
Russ's like i got seven of all i got
seven josh is like seven of those like
how much are these 5,000 u.s. all right
let's go let's go let's go there
I actually didn't end up buying any
sneakers it was so busy at there but
we're heading out to go eat crazy time
over here it was gonna be met a lot of
people I carry made it out of that
madness boys oh my goodness I did not
expect that event to be that busy I
didn't know this many people were into
sneakers especially in the viola I don't
America they go crazy over it but that
was eventful to say the least one thing
I actually heard which was pretty crazy
guys apparently inside there there was a
kid with his bodyguard and he had a bag
full of cash I heard it I never saw it
but that's insane imagine like a bag
full of money
god bless the moves guys god bless the
bows are so much emptier I just roll
with the homie are skating Kareem again
we got separated in the event but
they've come to eat let me tell you guys
this I never knew this Kareem is also a
producer like RSK makes music and in
case you're wondering who they are I
don't think we said it they are the
winners you want to learn arrived divide
trip so they're finally here there's
somebody doing something really
suspicious right now what is he doing
what is he doing napkins he's stealing
it I don't know what he eats all these
napkins for but he's doing what my mom
does she takes them puts her in their
bag and that's it refill refill damn son
Sean is that all for you
hi the show was gonna do a bit of
freestyling for us
this is really or okay so we're gonna
beep out everything we got here
everything's every word niggas in the
hood whispered I don't think he got it
all I got it oh that's why sure got a
ball
Oh
okay don't were you breathing read it on
now I swear your vein was pumping out I
was a house did you tomorrow
you gotta like learn agreement really
right cuz baby was pumping out so we're
gonna do some freestyling guys and
rihanna is going to give Sean some words
and he has to make them rhyme there
shall we do my dude no you already know
that's gonna get edited the way it was
looking oh you ready we do for now
heading of home guys we'll say goodbye
to the squad that's what's up you
already know anyways Sean next time work
on that rap game I thought guys Sean as
a sink rapper when he has it all planned
out but we're gonna work on his
freestyling okay 50,000 likes and you
already know we're gonna have a mold
blogs egg shortcoming out
that's move out let's do it
okay so I finally made a homeboys and
the thing is right now my sister's out
it's actually been a long time since
just me I'm mommy more I've been out my
mommy and my mom oh my gosh you got so
much foundation under her veggies so me
and my mom are gonna head out together
right now just seen a mother and son and
we're gonna see what's up so I quickly
came to do a little bit of shopping with
my mom guys and she told me to pick out
what I like and now that I have she
doesn't like it look let me know what
you guys think no no no no if a mom is
gonna jump I don't say guys so you guys
throw the sneaker event I went to today
was crazy
no look at the sneakers they have over
here they go like a bunch of Yeezys over
here that's right and I'm they're legit
as you can see look they got the they
got the ultra boost and they're like
seven dollars each guys so the thing is
they even have some unreleased Easy's
over here guys
pink pink yuji's that's right and we
have red ones and they're all $7 I want
to tell you something about me and my
mum which is very similar we cannot shop
for ourselves we can literally not spend
money on ourselves not because we don't
want to we just don't know what to buy
whoa okay
we came over to the toy store but what
I'm about to show you this ain't no toy
guys look they've actually got like
these collectors stormtrooper pieces and
this how you know they're special
there's like a red thing around it
saying I don't even get close
no I came here mommy more just pressing
every button I do not drop I swear it's
probably so expensive if we drop it you
know what I think it's time me and my
more head off home but look at the
staircase over here
oh boy tell me this is not the longest
staircase you've ever seen like I feel
nervous going down if you trip on this
staircase you are doomed like it's
literally like 50 steps
oh yeah we're literally just about to
leave look at this decoration ah they're
holding the wallet Lana just made it
home guys
yeah boy I haven't done this in a long
long time but I'm gonna see if I can go
behind my sister and just scare the
living hell out of her let's give this a
shot okay I don't know what my sister is
doing why is she looking in her car with
a flashlight she is so weird oh my god
what is she doing but that is she doing
she's looking around her car with a
flashlight what is this a weirdo who
she's got I think he's coming this guy
yes coming
oh my god yo I saw that's the funniest
teaches you watch your back watch your
back suited away screen I swear the
neighbors are gonna think there was a
movement to police show up to our door
tonight we messed up oh we messed up I
think that was a pretty good ending to
the vlog guys I'm gonna catch you guys
some more I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog and smash the like button if you
want me to get hurt again
see you guys I'm prank able yet but yeah
catch you guys tomorrow I love you all
I'm gonna pick the iPhone giveaway
winner in three days so make sure to be
subscribed if you want to win that and
yeah also follow me on Instagram
snapchat and everything else links are
below
I catch got some more down Yolo boy boom
got him
