Oh yo guys what is up welcome to another
vlog first of all good morning to all of
you and secondly today we're actually
gonna go pick up Georgie George so if
you guys don't know who that is
that was the ginger cat that was always
outside our house we took him to the vet
so let's go pick him up and see how he's
doing guys let's go so we just made it
into the vet guys George is coming out
right now but I love aquariums look at
this guy you got got some fishies over
here look at that that yellow one looks
super funky we just finished up at the
vet guys and check it out George
alright George is back guys we're gonna
go home and release him again so yeah
he's very stressed now I'm gonna be
honest with you he is pooped so bad in
there like it stinks we have to bring
both our windows down like ah come
George
we're gonna go release you now here you
go here you go
Oh take my seat guys
hear ye it's deadly right away I told
you in the grass would be the best guys
so George is like running around the
same flight I don't know where he's
going but he's running somewhere anyways
he's literally under those bushes
meowing so I'm gonna leave him here he
knows our whole area anyways so yeah
there you go that is George easily burst
he's sprint out as soon as I opened the
door he was like nah I go back I'm not
going back so today is a barbecue kind
of day so we're doing is we're gonna
have some chicken on our BBQ let's do
this guy's
whoo all right let's light it up oh yeah
you guys already know the famous
barbecues with mode Bobby Bo oh boy we
got the chicken on fleek guys look at
that but you know that sound the chicken
makes on a grill like that Shh that is
perfection
you guys know in the Karate Kid movie
where the Chinese guy grabs the wasp Hey
look my mom just did that oh my god she
literally grabbed it with her hands guys
that is crazy go let it go whoa what so
right now I just finished eating and I'm
actually heading out with my boy Moe to
a pretty special place so we're we're
about to go this is somebody's car
garage is probably want the most unique
garages you're ever gonna see it's an
underground basement completely private
it's not like a showroom or anything
it's somebody's house and let's go check
out what there is let's do this
so he's literally been lost in this area
for 20 minutes trying to find this house
guys I think we made it so that sees is
this the one it's a it is it's a pretty
big house guys I think we're here all
right so right now we're just looking
around the area guys this place is
insane like it looks so gorgeous the
houses over here on another level I'm
just gonna say this at the moment at the
moment the security of the area is
looking at us funny guys cuz we're
waiting for the owner to get home but
they've been staring at us like what are
these there do you turn they're doing a
check here circling the videos guys we
seem very suspicious at the moment so
this is like one of the best areas one
guy has a bag I have a backpack this
guy's in flip-flops yeah we don't look
like we belong yeah I'm just gonna be
honest with you guys in front of mode
you see that car that yellow car that's
the security coming with his handcuffed
Oh what did I tell you they stopped
because these guys they were like what
are you guys doing here relay you cannot
move II think they thought were shooting
a movie I was like yo my camera's this
small dresser anyways they went there
like it's alright I told them I'm just
recording my face and yeah anyways once
our friend gets here we're good to go in
so our man should be here any time soon
we're gonna do the deal and go yeah I
feel like we're doing like a drug
decision guys we're like all looking bad
is that it I think that's it so we
finally made it inside this house guys
and are you ready to see one of the
craziest garages you're ever gonna see
as you can probably see behind me this
is just the star okay let me show you
what this place has to offer guys let's
go
so check it out for yourselves we are
now in the garage
and yes what you see behind me is real
guys this is what the most unique
garages you're ever gonna see and let's
just start admiring guys so the front
two cars we have a very gorgeous Bugatti
and an Aventador yep you heard me guys
and these boys are just so good to have
gorgeous I don't even know what to say
plug in you like I don't even know what
to say guys this is probably the most
ridiculous place I've seen we've got you
know the luxury vehicles matching colors
why not why not when you can and then we
got the sports cars also matching colors
we have an Aventador over here McLaren
over here and then you know regal it's
your more normal cars we go to stuff
that you know if you just wanna you want
to be on the low side you go for your
great rush races guys it's crazy how
these have all been like color-coded and
finally just to add a teaser in there
I mean maybe one that you just want to
take out a 4 5 8 just your standard
supercars guys and your standard garage
I mean that is if you are a billionaire
but you know what there's actually not
much more I can say about these cars
because you guys are looking at them
right here but because I'm here let's
play a game top five top five okay
number one it has to be that I know I'm
not talking about the car I'm talking
about that guy oh that guy hula come on
man
number one photographer oh yeah we're
sick me too bro you know what he's gonna
make us a room now - so this is my baby
Malaysia shoot oh yes
she gives me what I
didn't like she does even if she does it
bro even if she doesn't she doesn't need
to use me that attention you know what
it would be unfair to just show you the
garage so we're gonna do a little house
tour because this place is insane
so what you guys probably didn't know
about down here is there's actually
something really special behind these
doors as well we have ourselves a
private cinema we oh boy oh my god I
don't even know what to say guys like
you have your private screening area and
yeah it's just it's just the thing is
when the door closes I'm not sure if you
guys can realize that it's silent who
wants to come cinema with me guys you're
all invited you're only good bye the
last thing I want to show you guys this
is actually pretty special to me this is
something I use every day my boy Moe
knows this this is mah place this is my
place ok they have a private gym over
here guys open for you let's go let's go
welcome to my spot guys this is just the
basement of this house obviously I'm not
going to show you the rest because I
don't want to get into anyone's privacy
but it's just in change the telling do
you guys have ever seen anything like
this this is my first time I actually
don't even know how to get out they left
me oh alright I got up there we go
and yeah it wouldn't be right if we
didn't switch on one car over here guys
this Aventador is actually 1600
horsepowers which is more than the
Bugatti listen to it for yourself skies
here you go
sounds like a jet
oh thank god well my ears are about the
birds oh my goodness okay I think we
need to go now guys this is not our
house for now we're gonna head out guys
hopefully you enjoyed of my mansion tour
my hope you enjoyed our friend's house
and yeah let's girls get out it's
security or it ought to be I think so I
got my piece if we want to make movie
leave you got a show where he puts on
every single one of his cars he puts a
label it has his own trademark guys Don
Casanova look at that on every single
car he puts it no cuz it shows I own
this yeah the dawn vlogs for now we're
out guys I hope you enjoyed this house
tour smash like button cuz it's on
another level we out and that is what
you call a wrap boys we just came out
the house gonna drive off in my boys car
you know I mean if we don't have no
Bugattis here or anything but your you
already know it's right set yourself
goals guys and you will achieve them rev
it up rev it rev it for the vlogging oh
that's enough that's enough that's
enough man too loud too loud bro we
can't we call or who are disturbing the
neighborhood mm-hm
so here the boys quickly came to eat
some food I'm just waiting for this to
my brain that means my food is ready so
any second now okay we're gonna use mind
control game
imagine it works I'm looking it doesn't
get three two one
my food is ready let's go guys it only
took about two hours for a cheeseburger
oh my god we're just getting your
jackpot we came over to the gaming
section I don't know what's going on but
what are you kidding me what is what is
going on over here that is insane
so we ended up eating and playing some
games over here but for now we're all
heading out you guys got this come on no
guys like God is the worst thing up
don't worry you guys you're fine you're
fine
no no I need to put like a little more
back can i recline the Batman much oh
you've got so much legislation figure -
it's not this is why you never come out
with our scanner car he dropped his key
onto the seat man I can't get home we
spent like an hour searching for this
this and it's right there
I'm a VB wow you guys don't have eyes or
someone you were the one 30 so we just
made it back to my boys crib guys and
Robbie's got something to show us
apparently it's gonna be really cool
he's turned up all the lights so let's
give this a shot lay down there Oh
ah what am i doing right now looking at
the ceiling this guy's a psycho bro this
guy's a psycho he's making you stare at
the Stars amazing eyes amazing I was
looking at the stars it was so good
their friend has landed right now cousin
that cousin is landed in me and we're
waving plate ever there's those two be
there right now it's like a half an hour
drive so we're heading out right now
both good night mo see you next time bye
bye buddy bye bye all right so it's been
a long road everybody am I should a wrap
up today's look here but before I do two
big announcements to make so first
things first my iPhone giveaway winner
is gonna be announced in six days if you
guys want to have the chance to winning
an iPhone all you need to do is
subscribe to the channel and secondly
guys make sure to follow my instagram
i'll also be tagging the person's house
we went to today on there so if you want
to check out all the cool photos we took
the house was insane it was just ah so
make sure god instagram go to my page mo
underscore blogs on the score check out
all that stuff and yeah today was just
interesting anyways i'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I hope you enjoyed
I'll catch you guys tomorrow
yeah Lyon oh boy boom
