yo guys what is that locate another vlog
so today's gonna be an amazing day we're
all heading out to our friend's house
right now boys and after that we're
going to a plate number ocean so should
be fun let's go and have an amazing day
miss do this my sister's gonna switch on
our car this car has been parked here
for like five years guys this never
moves this never moves guys switch on
the beach so right now we're just our
friends house guys but I have to show
you the view from the balcony over here
check this out they have a massive
swimming pool over here and this is the
view from their living room like
honestly I was telling them they need to
get like a diving board right here
extend the diving board it is so cool
right guys honestly I kinda want to move
into an apartment when I see like they
have such cool like swimming pools and
it's empty
my dog that was so cool you go in to
imagine they do that guys anyways I'm
actually heading straight out a few guys
because as I said I wanna try and go
make you over to the plate number ocean
so let's go and I'll see you guys once
we get there I've never been guys I
don't even know if they'll let me record
in their soul wish me luck so I just
made it over to my friend I'm actually
heading over to the auction with him
guys we're going in this bad boy yeah
that's how you roll up to an ocean guys
are taking the white Aventador roof is
awful let's go boys let's get it so we
just made it over here to the ocean guys
and honestly in this parking I've been
looking around there is so many nice
plate numbers guys and I'm sure all of
you still don't know like how important
plate numbers are here in Dubai like the
plate numbers I'm seeing in the barkings
are worth more than the car like even
more than the Lamborghini guys so yeah
a lot of big ballers here today I don't
think I can compete with anybody but
we'll try so we just made it over to the
auction guys if you can see inside there
is where the plates are gonna get all
should not so let's go inside
wish me luck guys I'm not sure how the
recording situation is gonna be so if I
if I speak really quiet it's probably
because I'm really embarrassed so maybe
I'll see you on the other side what's
the right now we're in the auction whoo
guys were about to bid I've got my
bidding thing it's so quiet in here so
once the numbers come down I wanna bid
for the bidding for now it's going to be
55 it's already your two million oh my
god that is 1 million dollars
so right now that we're at the auction
guys I have a special somebody I want to
show you I this is the famous man who
bought the D 5 number plate for 33
million and I thought show them on the
blog being such a nice man and I thought
I'd get your opinion on number of plates
because we are here I cannot give you
any opinions I think I'm a bad guy no
he's actually a really amazing guy and
yeah I thought I just have them on the
blog for you guys so thank you so much
very accepting they appreciate it so
right now they're having like a 15
minute break guys but I also thought I'd
show you this man this is the man who is
taking all the vids right and he does it
for all of the events yeah all the
events of 92 the options number please
did you sell 35 Wow so he sold the 33
million plate number and when you saw
the man that bought the 33 million
dollars guys that's crazy anyway thank
you so much appreciate hopefully I'll
win you on today I'm trying I'm trying
guys so there's actually somebody here
that I know guys check him out my boy
Marge is over here was almost like he's
actually bidding is all guys any numbers
you wanna go for nothing
nothing in my guys the thing is I want
to go for the big numbers but my bank
account is not like this like what I
want I want a bid like 100k or 200k for
a three-digit another guy so everybody's
having food guys I thought come outside
and show you the plate numbers guys
Barry you're minded to buy the less
digits so two digits and one digit
plates are the most expensive so one
digits are just like crazy expensive two
digits are very expensive still you saw
one just went for four million inside
there so let's get straight into this
side you can see just just a casual
plate number 81 on this rolls-royce guys
then we have a G 32 we have ad 69 over
here if you see that also very expensive
but you see the guy who may inside his
plate number is here as well check it
out you know D 5 guys ba guys there you
go that is the plate number that
literally went viral like all over the
news because of the price tag but yeah
man the guy we met him he's actually a
really nice guy ahead
the plate number guys the plate just one
more time just just look at that I want
to just take it and run
thank you I think the lunch break is
over we're gonna go back inside guys
I've got a couple more numbers I want to
bid for but as I said I'm not sure if
I'll win any guys I was actually really
really good I will see you on the inside
I was actually really really close to
winning the first one I bid more like
the guy beat me by ten thousand I've
been I think I told like 116,000 and it
went for like 126 so it wasn't too much
off it wasn't too much on 13 million
what 13 million
you two is about to go up for auction
guys cute okay I quickly came out to go
to the bathroom guys I'm not sure if you
guys understood what happened so the
plate number Q to the starting price was
33 million but nobody bid so the number
went unsold like hey guys so these two
numbers are bidding for so let's see how
this goes let's do it
come on you can do 140 lust last one
last one
high voice oh there you go we just
finished with the auction we didn't
manage to win anything but we were this
close like we got 2,000 away guys the
thing is I wasn't gonna bid anymore
because even the 140 thousand I bid it
was like 20,000 over what the thing was
worth guys I was just trying to win one
for you guys and all that you know what
I'm giving up like the other guy
probably was gonna go until way way more
so and yeah as you can see like there's
a bunch of food right now and stuff like
that so yeah I don't even want to eat
man I just want to go home anyways let's
head out boys with this beast that's
what I like to hear all after I didn't
win anything is yeah at least we got to
hear the engine or fundamental by the
way guys before we head out I thought
show you this there's actually a pimp
now and six over here which is crazy
look at that Aventador is making so much
noise I do have to say that was actually
a very very cool experience guys my
first time ever going to one of these so
just cool seeing how it goes there was a
lot of money in that room let me just
say that guys yeah check it out boys
just let out with the family in case you
guys are wondering where we are
we're back at the spot you guys know
this place BAM that's what's up welcome
to my house my palace tour we're gonna
try and see the countries which we
didn't do last time so let's do some
exploring all right let's go in so we're
just about to get some ice cream guys
but this ice cream is a little bit
different you have to work for it okay
bye there she goes guys it's a challenge
come we can do this time we believe in
you we believe round four I see a double
cone as a double cone
anyways there you go we finally managed
to get the ice cream boy mark woman who
spoke Pinocchio I said hey John push
pull pull against of original items of
get ahead Madonna mama da qyx so we just
came to this section check it out
Wow yo I don't know my brother's just
busy right now
and I just thought I'll show you the
entrance to Indonesia this is awesome so
we're gonna go check it out right now
and see what we can find
so the changes to Indonesia right now
guys we've never been here but they have
like a bunch of cool decoration Oh Ana
Philippines yo are you sure guys we're
getting it wrong anyways Indonesia or
Philippines guys this place has so many
cool things going on look at that damn
Sun
guys like please don't touch I really
feel like touching it now I feel like
touching it now so I'm pretty sure the
stores are closing guys because we did
come here a little bit late but we're
just kind of looking at the last couple
of things over here you're not Google
but you have everything I'm searching
for they'll leave that sign guys that is
crazy
no guys honestly tell me it doesn't look
like this guys buying my head so the
thing is guys we actually got here a
little bit late so we can't go around
like the store is just closed as you saw
but we at least got to see Indonesia and
Philippines I don't know why this place
has a sign for Indonesia and Philippines
guys but one thing I need to follow my
bucket list is next time we come here I
need to go to China guys China looks
really really cool like damn why didn't
we go see any countries it's your fault
it's all her fault guys she wanted to
eat food and we ate food and then we're
late I hate her so I clearly stopped by
the petrol station guys because
yesterday I did tell you my tire
pressure is low so my man here is
helping me out apparently the pressure
needs to go up to 35 so at the moment
it's 26 29 basically 35 is like the
standard amount apparently in PS sighs
I'm learning out of the
okay good okay
I like learning stuff so my brothers
turned into mechanic now yeah I feel
like a girl that doesn't have to do
anything you know movies like it's a
little bit you aired it again mom 35
gonna go to the beep-beep
come on yeah it's done there you go boys
that is how you fill up your tires we
just made our home guys and I'm gonna be
honest I didn't know this is happening
until now apparently my moments is to
have a surprise for me okay
guys I don't know what type of super
idea sounds so weird I have no idea what
surprise they have for me no way this is
huge
that's like a meter of chocolate right
there if it's one piece that's
impressive
if it's not that I hate it please don't
touch yeah come on are you kidding me I
don't like this anymore go away go away
let me actually tell you guys something
before I wrap up today's vlog here so
tomorrow I'm wheeling my Ferrari back
guys and the thing is let me tell you
guys why I decided not to have it in the
garage the thing is I actually wanted to
put a new plate number on it you guys
already know so that's the reason I went
to the auction today I was hoping to win
something put it on my car and bring it
back but as you saw boys we got outbid
like I was showing my sister the footage
right now guys it was like literally I
didn't even know I've been so much like
I just saw I bid up to like 160,000 for
a number like was that was like crazy I
was bidding my life savings away right
there but my sister watched it was fun
right guys the thing is when you're in
the moment bidding against people you go
out of hand like I was bidding way more
than I should have been if I'm just
gonna say that I was with my friend
who's like yo let's do this bid since I
kind of in the moment think so I'm kind
of happy I didn't win because honestly
the prices I was bidding I don't think I
could sell the plate for that main blame
it depends it depends guys but anyways I
love you all I'm gonna catch you guys
tomorrow the Ferraris gonna be back
hopefully so yeah see you guys then
Dahlia no boy Oh
