yo let's get everybody welcome to
another vlog so today is about to get
turned up right now okay so we're
heading over basically I found out today
there's gonna be like some sort of
secret carbon or a bunch of crazy cars
come like custom cars so let's head over
there let's see what's up and it should
be fun let's go alright so check it out
we just made it over to this event and
if you can already see behind me there
is a bunch of crazy crazy cars so
without further ado let's get into the
lineup
so now that you've seen like a little
montage of all the cars here let me show
you a couple of them properly like most
the cars here have like modified engines
and crazy shooting and everything guys
like just look at this one this is the
first one this engine is just a beast
guys I don't even know what to call this
it's just amazing even the steering
wheel of this look it's gloss yes that
is crazy oh my god some of the
customizations they've done here are so
impractical but so cool at the same time
that you have to do that might even look
at the back guys there is a lizard on
the car I don't even know what's going
on over here there's some sort of like
electrical circuit three screens like
would this is crazy
hey there playing my channel hey I do
have to say my favorite line of cars is
these cars with the scissor doors like
they look so awesome it's like a line of
flying cars like look at the doors on
these things it is insane I think I
found the best paint job they've done on
the car guys look at that hey this car
looks like it's just killed somebody
literally killed somebody guys Wow hey
yo my man my hands are up I don't want
no harm you know one thing I love about
coming to these events guys it teaches
you never to mess with cars that look
like this on the street huh it looks
like a normal Honda but no this thing is
packing a damn bomb in its engine light
look look at this this looks like it's
gonna explode on you with power guys
that is crazy this car over here
probably has one of the craziest speaker
systems I've ever seen guys I have no
idea what's going on here but it looks
really really loud even the inside of
the cars there's like five speakers
literally seven speakers on the door a
bunch more on that door and even a
terminator head inside the car like damn
guys about my buddy vibrating here you
should so huge shout-out to Emma guys
she was the one that was showing me the
car that is crazy like is there such a
power level it has or something yeah
Nathan should know hi by the way this is
Jason guys he owns the car basically we
run a full alpha heart system which is
from Russia
we run 15 inch subwoofers for them I
don't know why that is but that's the
size of speakers okay so that big thing
in the back like a big because there
wasn't make with the bass it took us
about a thousand hours and wants to
build it Norway yeah at least the last
car I have to show you guys today is
this Mustang guys you know why this car
has inspired me to make my car look like
it it looks so cool like the thing is
guys I've seen like a couple of mustangs
a scissor doors and each time I see them
it kind of tempts me to get my own one
done ok so I think I'm gonna convert my
car into something like this guys you
know what if you guys honestly want me
to do it hit 100,000 likes and I'm being
serious I will do it because it doesn't
even cost that much it cost like $1,000
we're gonna switch on this bad boy guys
look at the engine I don't really want
to hear how it sounds I know it's gonna
be loud but let's get it
haha
that is one elevator boy that's it my
ears are kind of dying right now so what
a crazy way to end that event voice for
now we're gonna head off home I told you
today was going to be crazy I didn't
expect other stuff they had over that so
they're gonna be cool customized cars
but some of those I just speaker system
like yeah
son there's actually one four-wheel
drive I want to show you over here that
they have and this obviously is not
regular for drive guys check it out this
is what you call a monster it has
scissor doors on a four wheel drive guys
the engine is just insane I think
they've done like a custom paint job on
it and this car is just yeah man if you
want to be like the Beast of the road
why not why not isn't even a skull in
the car guys a skull unfortunately my
Mustang couldn't make it to the event
guys as you can see I had to park it
outside let's head off home for now
voice and rope well I don't wait to
start the day so I'm really bad at
keeping secrets guys so I have to share
this with you guys cuz I'm so excited
about it tomorrow me or one of my
friends are going to a auction okay so
basically they have like a plate number
auction going on and divided they have
one once in a while but it is gonna be
awesome like I this is my first time
going so I just want to see how it is I
doubt I buy anything because like you
have to be super rich guys but I am
still gonna bid for some things okay
there are like less special plate
numbers over there so I think I'm gonna
be like one of the tiny bidders over
there like the ones that bid for all
like the small numbers but I will say
this they have a one digit plate number
and I've heard I'm not sure if this is
SH or not they're gonna start bidding at
nine million dollars start start the
bidding at nine million dollars so
because last time when they had won
somebody bought the d5 plate for 8
million or nine million dollars so
they're gonna start off where they
bought the last one so yeah if you guys
and already no plate numbers here are a
big deal a big deal so that is why I've
always wanted what Gaza I just want to
be a big deal too I want to be that guy
you know the guy that spends ten billion
dollars on the plate number come on man
the craziest thing literally just
happened to me so I was just editing my
video for the past two hours okay guys
and I'm still editing and I came to use
a song okay so I go to youtube to mp3 so
I can download the song and I see my
face on the website they're using me as
an advertisement again like this
happened to me in the past guys check it
out so as you can see they always have
like a bunch of random ads and then BAM
this guy makes $2,000 a day find out how
you know let's click on it guys teach me
ah so it's a scam but yeah there you go
boys apparently I make two thousand one
hundred fifty dollars a day find out how
by pressing subscribe time to go burn
off some Batman gonna go play basketball
again first things first let's just
spray ourselves sakes
oh my god one more thing I want to do
when I get out guys apparently I can
enter four new Easy's coming out so I
haven't won anything so far like I've
applied for everything damn easy until
now but we don't give up guys we don't
give up so I just got to the Burj
Khalifa guys and check out who I met
what's up what's up so hi my name is
Hasan and I'm his friend Morgan time we
forget the hippie we just met right now
yeah no guys I'm kidding I saw this guy
and his friends lost time the other guys
are going crazy on the vlog those were
his friends guys so yeah it wasn't his
fault his friends if you're watching
this you're crazy you'll faint crazy
baby
check it out you already know met up
with the gang gang gang right now we're
going to go enter for the easy raffle I
told them about it so we're gonna go
enter together we just made it over to
the easy entry basically you have to
like enter your name into the rule so
I'm just about to enter my details if
you can see you guys I you literally
have to like put your first name last
name date of birth and these are the
shoes in case you guys are wondering so
they're like black Yeezys with a white
stripe across it and look
even the poster says very limited
availability so let's go ahead and fill
this out guys this is my lucky ticket we
have the winning ticket right here boys
fatty are you ready to put the tickets
in your fatty wanted to take my ticket
guys you told me this is the only one I
think thank you well there goes the
winning ticket boys oh hey I did three
cars by the way while we're doing that
easy raffle Raschid bought a pair of
sneakers are you kidding me give me your
credit card it needs to be confiscated
guys I came out to do some exercising
okay they told me we're gonna play some
basketball that's funny I'm blaming both
of them guys and instead of coming to
exercise and lose weight they brought me
to eat food oh look at that
well you can see the steak being cooked
huh
Roger he like that blue that dude Russia
thinks he has cool bags guys not now I
just found the best bag in the world
I found a water ballon this is nice
right did you phone it's like a gym bag
for women I have a good food I have a
gift for you mom there you go this is a
Russians idea not mine
I'm not buying it now to make it even
better daddy's come to get some dessert
he's such a fatty landing every dayi
every single day you force everybody to
eat everyday everyone everyday is ie
large banana pudding and chocolate both
for you I feel so sad that we don't get
to play basketball because the way there
is so nice right now but I mean at least
we get to see this view guys this view
is always so cool so show them what you
did to my face
let me see somebody's who are you guys a
savage right okay hey for now Ross is
heading out peace out and guys special
video coming with this car students you
want to see it uh uh cylinder soon soon
guys I know I know you've probably seen
like pictures of it here and there but
no not on my channel okay his shoe looks
like his car that's what I'm gonna say
guys for now I'm heading out boys let's
get out of here there was actually
police that rolled up there and I was
like yo I hope they're not here for me
this has never happened to me guys while
I was driving
it says tire pressure low what I think I
might have a flat tire guys I hope
that's not the case guys but this is
first time I've ever seen it's a tire
pressure low so yeah I'm seriously
hoping it's not a flat tire guys I got
my flashlight so let's check it out ah
it doesn't look flat I mean it just uh
it just kind of looks under-inflated
guys you know the back looks fine but
even the same on this side
yeah I you know I think we're good guys
I think we're good okay so there's been
a couple of things on my head recently
and I thought the best way to get them
off my head would be to talk to you guys
so grab your popcorn and let's get
straight into the news I want to talk to
you guys about a couple of things that
I've also been frustrating me a lot guys
so first things first I don't even know
if this prostrates me but I've heard a
lot of problems with the YouTube sub
boxes but please make sure to subscribe
because apparently some people are
getting unsubscribe from channels I
don't know I don't get involved in
YouTube drama guys that's just not me so
if you see your unsubscribe from the
channel right now please press subscribe
and yeah that's it that's all you need
to do but secondly guys my main
frustration has been thinking about what
to do with the channel the thing is guys
when I started vlogging at the beginning
of the year like it was so new to me and
so exciting and I'd honestly feel like
it was a challenge just to hold the
camera because let me tell you this when
you're vlogging in public people think
you are a cycle you're talking to
yourself on a camera just everybody
stares at you and it was exciting doing
it it's just you know when you feel good
about doing something different but now
I kind of feel like I'm doing the same
thing over and over again if you guys
get what I'm saying so 2017 I want to do
something different and don't get me
wrong they're still going to be daily
vlogs but I want to kind of change the
topic from everyday going out and doing
fun stuff to building an empire yeah I
know that sounds like white okay calm
down bow basically what I'm trying to
sell you guys is 2017 I'm gonna try and
switch you up a little bit so I hope you
guys will be with me through this
journey and the reason
actually telling you one of these guys
is I feel like if I tell you guys I'm
gonna do stuff it kind of puts the
pressure on me so I will do it in cage
anyways I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow and as always
yeah Leon oh boy don't forget to
subscribe boom
