yo guys what is up what's good welcome
to another vlog guys before this vlog
starts I want you guys to shake yourself
with energy mmm all right you're ready
now you're ready we're about to start
today's vlog first things first I want
to make my channel I can use channel
okay
some crazy stuff has been going down and
Dubai and I mean cool stuff so you guys
should all know top gear you know that
car show the people from top gear I mean
the old people the good ones okay
they're in Dubai at the moment recording
some stuff for their new show and I
swear I saw this on Instagram and I
flipped out they are racing a K just
listen to this they were racing a
Bugatti versus of force nine one eight
versus and Nissan Patrol like how do
these three even compare and the woods
and the worst part is the Nissan Patrol
one
they did it again with like a Nissan GTR
and guess who won no not the Bugatti no
not the nominee the Nissan GTR God
now the thing is today I actually want
to go out and buy new sofas okay now
don't get me wrong we already have sofas
and they look like this guys and not the
best looking sofas but you guys seem to
hate them more than anybody don't think
I don't see your comments guys you roast
or how so much like it's sad
if you guys are wondering who's gonna
pay for the new furniture it ain't me
it's my mom ching ching bling bling
dolla dolla you ain't got me if you
ain't got dollars yo my mom's gonna
about your book with her guys what what
is this gonna buy us yo I don't see any
furniture I see bowling I see like a
bunch of random City get the hell out of
here I just want to say like today I've
gone for a new makeup look if you guys
can see that oh my boy Ross had bought
this most of the day and it is probably
one of the most ugliest things I've ever
seen like yo it was good ladies was good
there you go for now this but this
Mossback the same even my lap my boy
Ross had forgot it does they as I said
so I need to give this back to him your
rock should come get your moss because
it's ugly I wanna be a billionaire so
whatever so like oh I will be the hole
every day right now in the furniture
store as you can see guys there she have
something very unique over here look at
this thing I'm like this this is like a
mini bar guide and it just looks really
cool when I looked at it I was confused
but then I saw they have like a wine
bottle and if you come around the back
there's a wine cellar so you can put all
the bottles over here that is insane so
I just made it over to the couches guys
I thought show you guys what I want to
get for the house but there's kind of
like a problem as well so something like
this is what we want guys you're not
like a very cool elegant couch but the
only problem is guys if you see this
this is something that the cats can
scratch and the problem is kitty and
bubble completely demolished these so we
have to kind of try and like find
something in between it has to be either
suede or then we have to put a cover on
it like our couches and the cover just
completely takes away from the look for
now are heading out of your guys they
did have nice couches but at the moment
the couches aren't a problem it's us
like we need to figure out what we're
gonna do because all the nice couches
are like you know normal material
they're not suede so we need to figure
out what to do with our cat so they
don't scratch the couch I don't even
know where we want to go now because
they actually had really nice couches
over here but now we're the problem guys
not the couches up this is furniture
store number two this is what I like to
see when I come to a furniture store
guys 50 to 70% off see
I like that I like to hear that when I'm
going in all right guys I do have to say
this place looks very very classy oh my
goodness look at the chandelier what I
was probably want the quickest visit
size store I've ever had you know a
storage house that has 50 to 70 percent
off it was still expensive but it went
from like forty thousand to twenty
thousand I was like what again this has
to be the coolest furniture store you've
come to guys they've got a waterfall
literally a waterfall over here guys
check it out oh my god what that is so
awesome I wish I could touch it guys but
says do not touch so I will obey the
instructions because I don't want this
falling down guys I think I found
something I need to buy guys look a
Golden Apple that's what's up I feel
like we've already gone off topic guys
because we've stopped searching for
sofas and now we're just looking at
everything else they have they've got
house shaped lamps what it's like a
little house but it's a lamp
it's like mind blowing stuff guys you
know what I give up guys on finding a
couch but I'm just gonna just show you
guys everything cool I see like that I I
don't even know what that is anymore
like is that supposed to be like chair
lamps what is that it looks so cool
you've given up with all of the
furniture shopping guys but look what
they have over here at the shopping
center in front of it they have this
really really crazy pimped out car but I
wish they didn't have these red ropes
around it guys so we literally just
asked the people over here guys
apparently tomorrow there's gonna be a
custom car show right here in this
parking and apparently like nobody knows
because it was a last-minute
announcement so know we might be one
only people to know about this event
guys so we've come to the last furniture
place I promise you guys okay we just
saw this on the way home and look where
apart it's literally giving me a seizure
guys it says the most awaited mega sale
done by there you guys look how cool the
Metra looks when it's bossing by that is
so awesome
wow this is actually really nice guys
look at this
they've got like a clock which has a
waterfall inside it now that is amazing
it's actually not even that expensive
1,500 I found the coolest soul forever
guys it's like a u-shape look at this
what it starts from here and it goes
round until here it's not even that bad
it's five thousand five thousand eight
hundred you want to buy this yeah guys
this is actually good yeah the cats
can't sketch through this or they might
be able to but it's better than the
other ones so that's number one on our
list okay we're gonna go look around a
bit more my mom's actually look she's
taking a photo of her so we can send it
to Lana to see if she likes it but even
crazier you see the chandelier guys and
I know it's so big look I have to walk
back to get it in frame that is for sale
seventy five thousand which honestly I
would say that's a lot but what you
instigate look at the size of this thing
that's it I'm officially done boys I
give up looking for a sofa because it's
just impossible in the meantime you see
let me let me test out the wood yep
definitely would this is the last thing
I want to show you from this store
before we leave we actually bought one
thing guys my mum bought a flower to put
in front of the door you know under my
big stand flowers guys but look this is
what we need for the garden yeah
son this feels so weird right now guys
like I swear I feel scared I feel like
it's gonna fall look at it you guys want
to see a floating tap look at that look
at what oh my god I think so insane some
cool so for now we're heading off your
guys this is what we bought as you can
see I told you we bought a tree guys so
let's get out of here
this this isn't just the tree guys this
is a representation of right yeah look
at this guy's another day I get home and
there's a letter behind the door okay so
this back your choker is behind the
doors from amar and Ali thank you guys
so much
my mom wants to put over here I think
yeah there we go that is this way people
won't know how to ring the bell yeah
yeah don't ring the bell BRR
why used to reduce ice water straighten
up your Gila you weirdo cooking with
mommy Moe and Moe did it did it describe
the situation no I hate when you talk
ha ha
today we're going to be doing a little
bit of cooking ok so over here we have
already mix guys real actually cooking
we're pretend ok ok so we're gonna make
a cake I'm still mad at you mom I hate
you right now it's the family blog it's
a blog so we all gonna cook together
what was i singing was i like an anthem
song too something dead dead dead dead
dead have you heard that before I've
heard it somewhere there boy is it
football matches I heard it one time Oh
back to business boys as I said we're
gonna be making a cake for you guys
today mommy there's a powdered flying
around - this is how it's done boys
I'm not even gonna try this cake and now
what you do is you add 1 cup of water ok
ready watch me win watch me nae nae
watch me whip whip watch me nae nae Oh
watch me watch me ooh watch me watch me
so I finished mixing the mixture guys
and I was gonna make a normal heart
shaped cake but no we found these car
molds so why is she gonna make some cars
for you car cakes yeah oh let's take
your butt like policies is your butt is
in our face we have a little bit of
mixture in there are you ready guys
check this out oh I just read I just cut
in on this
is that bad is that about a some kind
any no we case-hardened if you can see
that guys that's going to be the mixture
for our cake but I don't want a normal
car gate I want a blue car so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna add some oh love
it oh I want to add some blue food
coloring guys check this out now this
this is how you make a blue car guys
what are you doing you work like a slob
why is this so Silla ho oh right
so all of the cakes are now filled up
now it's time to color them did it again
you make one move you made four it's a
miracle it's a miracle - we made purple
cake purple cake banana that net-net a
bit ugly but it works looking this one
with no waste of cake how much is
spender okay so we just finished
designing all of our cakes guys yellow
red purple blue and the one we can
actually eat guys so without further ado
let's cook it are you ready
taste nice I'm eating this one because
these ones they're gonna give us food
coloring poisoning I don't even know if
that's a thing it's just gonna kill us
so it's been half an hour and are you
guys ready to see the final product
oh I'm sorry for the cake boy does this
one looks like it's poop until it is
goof yellow moment of truth guys we're
gonna cut off a layer just to plan out
the cake okay all the excess is coming
off taste test nice it is weird
I don't do seven face that great I saw
oh okay yeah I'm not blue if green look
at that
that is so cool girl this is insane hi
this is supposed to be yellow now okay
this is the last one guys tada
that is epic guys look at the result
that is actually so moment of truth
you're an idiot you're a deal what was
that
not bad yeah hey Fred it doesn't look
good okay so as you can see boys this is
our racing course I think you do have to
say the blue one turned out the best no
no that that looks like a piece of dump
what is that
does that look like a Formula One car to
you I if you guys think that that's
better than mine long
mine looks amazing if this looks better
I want you to comment if this looks
better I want you to like what car is
that resembling it's Pagani it's a
Pagani
that's a Pagani right there guys that's
a Pagani you see you see my Pagani one I
know it didn't turn out the best guys
but there's one thing I can do to make
us prettier okay can I put mine down
don't you see that yeah look how pretty
it looks now guys whoa whose is nicer
now as always guys on a wrap-up today is
like here enough cooking with us we have
no idea what we're doing guys but smash
the like button if you enjoyed make sure
to subscribe and if you don't I'll kill
you thank ya that's the threat guys
alright see you tomorrow DeLeon oh boy I
see you
