everybody was the guys looking at me
from that caramel again no I'm not doing
anymore that's it you're making fun of
me yo guys what's up are you doing so
today is gonna be a spa day okay I'm
super tired I just woke up you know
what's funny
you know who's also in the mood of the
small day my cat look at him yo he's got
his legs in the air oh now that is what
you call a spa day for a cat boys yeah
what you want man
why are you complaining they should have
a very relaxed day together
I sound so lazy right now I just woke up
I'm tired
whoa hey hey so I couldn't wanna take a
shower boys freshened up you already
know what time it is boys right now we
goin over to the spa spa day guys it's
actually like a purpose body
my sister is packed like she's going on
a holiday that's how you know it's about
to get serious for dinner as well we're
going to
we're going it it's a one-day holiday
guys no vlogging oh wait no I'm kidding
guys I'm Jack I'm making one day SS well
I hope that they're gentle guys cuz
sometimes I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
honest guys in Singapore somebody gave
me a massage and that guy almost broke
my damn back so if he does this over
here I'm not having I just want to say
did you guys realize I shaved myself
right now at home so if my beard looks
uneven it's because I did a bad job I
feel like I messed it up it's okay guys
it's a spa day who cares we have to
relax relax whose song whose song I also
make sure while saying who saw press
subscribe and like and your problems
will go away I promise I promise I'm not
a sellout it works
look at this entrance guys now this this
is what you call a spa guys Oh
oh wow it's not even a spot it's a hotel
but still you know what I mean boys you
know what I mean I don't even know what
to say right now I don't even know what
to say like honestly I know most hotels
are beautiful but this place is on
another level right now boys make for
the spark our did you know we were in a
rush to get here because that's how late
we were and then I get inside and I see
this war pine and I can't stop staring
at it I look at it it's like lasers
shooting through there Oh
no way
look at the spire guys this is insane
guys wow this place is so what
I'm not we're coming to spas more often
booked me in every day so right now I'm
in the changing room guys and I'm going
to change it to my robe the thing is my
mom and sister on the lady side which is
like all the way on the other side so
I'll probably be seeing them after the
massage but this place is fancy I live
in this changing room I have to put this
robe on right now so let's go ahead and
do that boys anyways I'm in my room
right now as you can see guys boom I
don't know why opens I think I've done
up a little bit wrong about it's right
let's go and have some fun look at this
so before I have my massage they
actually give you a form guys and
basically it tells you where do you want
to get massaged so yeah you can pick
like how hard it is and everything it's
so cool guys that is awesome
a few moments later alright so about one
hour later voice I just finished up with
the massage there was a lot of this
action going on this action and yeah
anyways right now I'm gonna go take a
shower continue the rest of the day guys
it was so so relaxing you know what I
really liked about the massage beds guys
is the fact that you have a hole where
your face goes so when you lie down on
it wait let me try and do this gasps
hello haha so bad it show you guys
I told you there was a snow room guys
behind these doors is where it is you
can already see it looks really cold in
here guys so once you come past here
behind that is the snow i'm already
freezing it's cold guys so i'm gonna go
in just for you guys but coming straight
back out
there is actually snow in here look at
that oh my god is it like a Georgian
challenge guys so the fans turned on in
here boys
the road is ringing out but when they
try is going to get colder that is one
cold from God on the cold
no wait alright guys so right now I'm in
the jacuzzi area they have over here
just about to go dip in but look at it
for yourselves look at the jacuzzi guys
so this area is just insane oh boy oh
this is what you call amazing anyways
now that you guys have seen that insane
snow room I came back outside just just
to relax over here guys so smooth like
there's nobody here guys except me so
it's just like a one-man holiday right
here the coolest part is definitely
these steps no like they just look so
awesome guys either you put your foot on
the step you put your foot in the war
whoa for now I'm gonna go take a shower
guys and head out and the coolest thing
here is they have cave showers guys look
at this yo you literally go inside a
cave as you can see and take a shower
no bad oh our voice so you finally
reunited after the massage guys right
now we're heading over to the beach
finally did you record your massage no
meat you know they gave me a thong to
wear I swear guys I was right there not
knowing it was like ac3 no girl I sweat
guys I can't be she let me tell you guys
when I had my massage I changed into
see-through underwear everyone like no
it's like a box it's not it it's netted
you could see every bitch no bra god
this was pretty much as strongly as it
gets for a guy and I was like
you thought that you couldn't get any
better right now you played yourself wow
this is what you call paradise and even
cooler guys like under here the swimming
pool goes under this bridge like under
us there's Ward you see that through the
gaps you can actually swim under I want
to do that right now guys so let's go no
that is not meant for you that's for
kids you wear jackets brah
it won't fit your backs gonna break he
looks like you know the ships that pass
under the bridge
yo mo where are you more look up guys
I'm like on this bridge here and yeah
there's more we've sought to the not
waterproof camera right now boys so
let's go if you guys go under war you're
dead you're pretty much dead like that's
it
are you ready are you ready to go under
the bridge whoa yo this is so cool
there's somebody above us here that
they're taking a trolley right above us
but it's so cold this is insane man look
at the view behind me when I was
something I'm like Paradise Island
there's somebody willing you're you know
anybody look at my body right now it
looks so abnormal like my head looks so
much small is a smaller yeah it looks so
much smaller than my body that's what I
gained together guys okay I'm gonna say
one sentence under war and I want you
guys to see if you can see what I said
okay
my sister's in the war
she's also dumb enough to bring a non
waterproof camera so if anybody jumps in
we're doomed
why are there two vloggers in the war at
least we need to use like underwater
cameras guys what the huh
the horror show is so nice and glued on
camera well what color do you think it
is because I what do you think it's
yellow like so the weather doesn't look
like bright but you can see it's really
nice guys words of wisdom from Lana I
like how the camera shows the word blue
I'm amazing your camera camera I Love
You Man thank you for showing a blue I'm
happy it's not red or else I'd be
worried
Dennett ah damn you know the bridge
falls in a way we can't we won't die cuz
we actually will die what oh yeah this
is Brody all the coolest places you've
been to let's get out of here and go
have some dinner wait you have dinner oh
yeah oh my God we're gonna fight let's
not miss our dinner guys go there you're
mad yeah definitely any reason was for
now we are done with the same pool as
you can see your boys got his towel
around his waist that's all sir hey hey
we need to make the best use of this
place guys
when you pay for something make the use
of the guys I'm staying living here we
would never go that has a thing guys
like have something you don't use it
like so true oh oh look at this we don't
have this at home so let me use it guys
let me use it oh there you go
BAM our voice so after the lost port of
relaxation we all finished getting
dressed now and we are about to go to
the restaurant so check it out my mom
and sister have got their fancy dresses
on right now your boy I did my best guys
I've got a t-shirt on that's about as
much as I can do so this is the
restaurant we're having our dinner at it
does look nice I have to say that it's a
Turkish restaurant no way yes there
might be too bad there might become as
so far not a bad sign guys the first
thing they gave us with some pineapple
shots Cheers
by the way those pineapple shots are
stronger than I thought they were guys
I never boys got a kick to it this is
what you call a fancy restaurant guys so
I through just made it here guys we're
having three different things so my
mom's having the chicken over here check
it out chicken and then the fish gets
the fish guys the fish gets the fish
look at that fish good luck it brings
you money give me the fish
give me the fish chicken anyway they're
gonna quickly up over here guys you
heard it there guys my sister said
apparently fish makes you rich so the
dessert just got you guys and check it
out BAM and I know you guys are probably
thinking Oh delicious ice cream you're
wrong this is a sorbet
it looks like ice cream but it's not
made with dairy products so it tastes
rubbish IO juice I haven't even tried I
can't judge it guys let's let's try it
together okay
and strong definitely doesn't taste bad
but it just tastes like you're eating a
whole lemon
my massage was good he did get easy on
me got my massage guy he didn't kill me
this time knows it was medium pain uh
sometimes like elbows boom rock slam
whoa whoa so today we're gonna do MTV
Cribs guys we're right outside Santa's
house let's go inside and see what's up
hey yo was good Santa what's up with so
as you can see guys we're in the
gingerbread house aka the cottage so is
this a one-bedroom center your cents I
saw your house is bigger than this bra
studio it's a studio it's not even a
one-bedroom bra you know this house guys
it's actually made out of biscuit yeah
and to prove it we're gonna show you
because we're actually gonna cut a piece
off from the side guys so if you can see
that that's the biscuit guys and bam
that you can actually eat the house and
that is an edible house right there guys
wait Santa's got abs bro my god no Santa
you got a six-pack
I know I've probably showed you this
fountain when we go inside the hotel
guys but it's only one of the most
satisfying things to look at if you
don't believe me look at it for five
seconds for yourselves okay and tell me
you don't get satisfied watching it guys
look at it that is so awesome
y'all that is amazing look at it it's
like shooting lasers quickly stop by the
supermarket to grab some groceries guys
just just a casual stop you ready no
wait wait what the hell wha oh yeah
they couldn't see the whole time what
yeah you you were standing too far you
want me to do that again yep bye
everybody was the guys looking at me
from that car mom do it again no I'm not
doing any more that's it you're making
fun of me I'm going you're just
pretending
everybody was we got it we got the shots
amazing we made it home guys and we have
a crazy catamaran hey hey you
hey oh oh oh as you can see we are
finally home just relaxing with the cats
and both the cats are acting strange
right now as you saw what kitty was like
doing wrestling moves on that bag as
soon as we got home and bubbles he's
just more like the relaxed type the
thing is he's good until you touch him
I'm gonna show you guys a really really
cool magic trick right now okay in three
seconds I'm gonna have this t-shirt in
my hands okay it's gonna swap with this
one are you ready okay three two one
whoa you see you see you can't tell me
that was an impressive guys down behind
the scenes I just have to take off the
shirt and edit this out yeah I'm gonna
wrap up today's look here I love you all
make sure to subscribe like let's smash
it guys you know what I've had enough
I've had enough of everybody else
thinking that they have the best team on
YouTube when you already know you're
your squad we out your boy
we are yo-yo squad all right guys I love
you all I see two more and 2017 let's
get it boom
