what are you kidding me rich it off by
Mahmut I'm going I'm going inside I
don't get I don't care I'm going I saw
you record you
yo yo everyone what is that whoa Oh
something went in my eye
Oh what the hell was that ah okay as I
was trying to say welcome to another
vlog wow that hurts so bad anyways I'm
starting today out with my motorbike
outside just chilling relaxing around
the area guys ow that hurts I don't know
what just blew into my eye but it hurts
so badly so I'm actually starting
today's vlog off super super late guys
and the reason is I was really really
busy today and you know when you get
busy to the point when you're frustrated
like I was honestly in such a bad mood
before I start today's vlog and I was
like you know what who cares who cares
I'm not busy anymore I literally turned
off my phone it's a bunch of people were
like calling me and texting me and I was
like that's it I've had enough I've had
enough of life right now I was like you
know what y'all know I'm actually coming
down somewhere I've never been before I
I don't even know where this is leading
me to so what what this is my first time
in this section of the area guys and I'm
not sure if you can see that there's a
cool McLaren over there like a really
really cool one so let's go check it out
oh my god that is beautiful what hi
that's also our neighbors have really
cool cars apparently oh these aren't our
neighbors are like neighbor neighbor
neighbors like they've literally got
their own different community here but
that's crazy so if you guys don't know I
have a weird fascination with fire like
I just find it so cool so today I'm
actually going to see if I can go buy a
gas torch this is probably not my
smartest purchase ever but these look so
we know the torches are tight shhh like
the fire ones I want to see if I can
find one and if I can we can replace
this thing with a fire torch so the
first thought we actually made today
before I go buy my torches I can
by another camera guys like honesty I
use so many cameras and I've realized me
and Lana have won the mummy mo dozen and
she always records for us so we're
getting one for her guys but I'm not
sure if you remember my friend had one
of these Osmo cameras do you think I
should get one of these they're actually
really cool for car shots like it's so
smooth
this is the rail this is a demo yeah it
works with your phone and you have like
a joystick over here and it moves the
camera it's crazy it's like this
futuristic thing I don't know for
vlogging is I kind of odd holding that
stick you know apparently when I bought
the camera I get a scratch card so let's
see is it my lucky day today come on I
never win anything but I believe I
believe I can do this
tripod I want to try you want something
oh my gosh
you actually want something oh wow how
are you tripod man but still it's pretty
cool that you could win something tripod
why can't I win a damn camera again any
tripod I want the most expensive one no
no no no you can't pick one I think I
already chose that you're lucky you know
nowadays it's hard to win something good
my chocolate that you love truffle ooh
you want something more check it out
guys we're coming back to the store
every time now buying another one well
my another one do I get another sketch
card dude up to five hundred eighty can
play 500
all right we're buying a shaver guys are
buying a shit money gimmick
before I leave there's one thing I have
to do over here it's the bubble gum
machine guys are you ready what color
gets the color hey okay pink are you
ready turn it
oh that's the most boring color no comp
we have to do again we need another
during mommy next color blue blue okay
I'm gonna go for red guys alright you
ready
ah it's big okay
that is one very expired chewing gum Oh
raking in four features in my mouth yes
I thought speak with is chewing on my
mouth but look what they have over here
they got some awesome wedding dresses oh
so right now we're heading over to the
post office to grab a couple of packages
you guys have set in there but my core
smells like a hospital right now smells
like I just applied this thing to my
guys basically my sister got this
medication you know the ones that like
open your nose and this is like a really
strong for me just to put it in dots and
she filled up the car with it look at it
guys the whole day my skin well did you
open in the car so we're just creating
stopped at the petrol station we really
started a post office guys and check it
out we got two huge packet these are so
heavy and one of them sounds broken
inside it I don't know what it is guys
but thank you guys as always and yeah
more packages this is over so if you
guys remember like eight months ago when
we bought our gun like that and coin for
miles turn right are you kidding me I'm
trying to speak we're actually going to
the same store right now because I
thought a gas torch is a pre dangerous
thing to have right so where else to buy
it and then a gun store hi guys look
where we are if you guys remember this
place from like eight months ago this is
where we got first air rifling right
here the thumbnail is in the shop so you
already know what it is I'm looking
around at some more guns right now and
what's crazier is my mom was right they
have gas torches here guys so I'm gonna
go get one of those but for now I'm
gonna look at some guns like the one we
got is cool and all guys but it's like
you have to spring it I want like a
automatic alright let's see let's see
what they have guys I see yeah so check
it out guys this
is what I mean by exotic to this one
it's that you don't need to do that like
breaking thing and bending of all you do
did you see this guy's before your
trigger back go forward then you're
ready no no mom and just alright this
one's nice guys this one's actually so
nice
alright you know what guys I'm gonna
look at a couple more I want to get one
so let's see what they have anything in
my budget Ranger I did tell you they had
gas torches guys check this out ready
you're nervous turning on 3 2 1 oh I can
be careful I'm gonna turn the hold her
that is awesome okay we're gonna get one
of these guys this place literally has
some of the coolest things ever like
they have look at this this is a water
pouch guys look at that so you put water
in this thing and then you like kind of
just go into survival mode oh look at
these are all the backpacks no way damn
son
yo I'll protect you from a bullet let me
check it that's actually good that's
actually solid right there so you might
be wondering wait what happened to you
buying a gun mo I can't I actually can't
guys so after you saw me saying I'm
looking around they told me I can't buy
it apparently you need likes I don't
know some special like license and you
know your boy does not have no license
when it comes to guns and you are
probably the last person they'll give a
license to but it's alright we got my
gas torch in the bag guys so you already
know we're burning the house down guys
we're burning the house down so you
clearly came over to the shopping center
to buy me some clothes guys because I
literally have no new clothes but before
we go look at this cool display they
have over here guys yeah
there's a bunch of lions or bears
holding bags and look oh whoa
those are ants oh my god
ants holding bags yeah all right
I do have to say that is awesome if you
guys even watch my vlogs this much you
know before I do anything as soon as I
get to a shopping center I come to eat
guys so once our food gets here we eat
I'm gonna go do some shopping but for
now look at this everybody's on their
computers working damn son I feel alone
guys in the mummy mu she's on that grind
that then emails don't private guys
already know my price why not you cost
you the price it went up our foods
coming I ordered myself a pepperoni
and here is the thing is when I eat guys
I love experimenting new things so I've
done is I put the chicken inside the
pizza okay let's give this a shot all
right this is my honest reaction this is
spicy chicken inside a pepperoni pizza
we are going to be honest that did not
taste well guy that messed up the phase
of the pizza so right now I'm just
trying out different shirts gasp I did
finally come shopping and this is the
first one a lot of you have said I look
good insurance and I'm hoping it's not
the male population that watches my
videos but I'm becoming fat guys like
honestly I'm wearing this shirt look
look at my belly electic it looks like a
dinosaur look at the side profile we'll
put this to the side that's gonna try
another store and yeah I think I'm
looking swag indeedy today so we create
change store guys and check it out this
store actually has the exact same color
shirt guys hopefully this one fits me a
little bit better and it doesn't make me
feel fat so yeah and it's three times
cheaper than the last one which is a big
difference guys like I can buy three of
these you know what I absolutely love
about it change room guys look at how
many mu√±oz's we have in this reflection
guys yo that is so so cool guys okay I'm
gonna try to share on guys let's stop
doing this and yeah let's see up top
y'all the people with the next changing
rooms probably think I've lost my mind
right now but it's alright I'm doing it
for you guys I don't know what they're
saying so I was actually looking around
to for something and let me show you
what I got
check this out like these are those tops
that have the cuts on the shoulder now
we're waiting for more to try something
on better done mommy won't pick this
from you again okay why are you guys
throwing it on each other now you think
this for me okay you obviously yeah are
you sure please come on
what are you series mode that's not your
size she picked me that is just not your
size x2 I yell oh she's not worrying
losses guys imagine this is how she
replies to your emails she doesn't even
read them Oh breathe like a more like
hey let's change quick oh yeah this top
it's like I don't know what's happened
to the bottom half guys but when I was
younger I never used to wear these tops
at is this like a new trend guys hey
boys we finished our little shopping
trip that's what's up that's what's up
I got shirt my sister got shirt we're
all happy okay anyways let's go I hate
shopping like I need to buy myself
clothes guys but shopping is so damn
boring how do women do this for fun are
you kidding me before we head out it's
been a long time since I've shown you
any of the cars in valet but I had to
show you this beauty we go a gorgeous
green light like a lime green Aventador
guys Oh
so beautiful look guys this this is what
dreams are made of this this is goals
right here by the way no for the people
who barking like badly when they're
waiting for that car to come this is the
area they since all right let me try and
show you guys as you can see it's like a
bunch of seats and you have like your
own coffee section that's how you do it
that's cool style guys and see you just
give your car for valet you go have your
tea you know that's it just chillax so
you quickly stopped at the petrol
station to pump some gas guys because
tomorrow I'm actually going to see one
of my boys you guys know him very well
but he's back from a very special trip
so for now I sure want some ice cream
guys I feel really really peckish right
now you know what the worst thing is
when you get your ice germs okay you
know the worst thing is when you get
your ice cream and open it and it looks
like this
so I melted in there ah germs stop it so
we're finally home guys and it's time to
show you my gas torch again are you
ready to see this so welcome check this
out fast Oh Oh calm down
these are the gas caps you'll put you
little containers I don't know basically
this is the gas guys and then this is
the part you put on top take away
anything okay so I managed to get this
thing on top of hey guys this is what it
looks like let's get everything away
from UK except this no why well if you
sit on fire you need to have some backup
plan what are you kidding me yo yes
switch it off before you suddenly set
the explosion I don't got that yeah it's
dangerous right at least down the middle
of the road when you're doing this what
is the art of you say it's only there's
too much gas and it could be
John has we're going to take this torch
outside don't aim at me more wood you're
aiming it at me you ready your mind
state stay two meters away from me stay
two meters away
that is insane by Mahmut I'm going
inside does mommy know your I'm going
what I'm going inside I don't do it I
don't come I'm going I saw you record
you alright guys I convinced my sister
to come back out I told her again I'm
not gonna point this out her anymore
we're actually gonna freeze this couple
ice
I mean no we're gonna burn this couple
of Isis
you know use misuses to cook like a
steak says yeah we can actually use it
to cook 50k likes and I've burned my
sister's iPhone what no no a hundred gay
not my friend your iPhone nobody giving
away my iPhone yeah as the video no I
want you to start using my own yet a
hundred K no leave it let it go away
uh-huh so before I wrap up today's vlog
I sure wanna unbox what we won in the
store guys that's actually crazy like I
never win anything so winning even a
tripod I know it's not a big victory I
want to see what they gave me
whoa not very flexible it's actually
pretty hard to move it does the job it
does the job I'm still very curious as
why it stinks though like I should be
stinks guys so no I'm gonna go ahead and
put this here anyways as always I'll
catch you guys tomorrow awesome I love
you all and within the next nine days
I'm gonna be picking the winners to the
iPhone 7 so all you need to do is be
subscribed and you're in for the chance
to win down alright get you guys some
more as always
yeah Leon oh boy
