yo guys what is up welcome to another
vlog so today is another beautiful day
the first thing I'm actually gonna go do
today is go get my car in case you guys
are wondering wait what car mow my
Mustang guys the thing is you know it's
crazy guys everybody forgot that my
Mustang is missing my literally
everybody as soon as I got the Ferrari
nobody cared anymore like that's it you
guys forgot about my Mustang okay she
got a new car the old one can go Hey
look who's back in my car boys mommy mo
so often the first time she came my
Ferrari guys she said she's never gonna
come back because of how I was driving
so today I'm gonna go extra slow just
for hurricane you know for the past few
days it's been a lot of clouds in the
sky but today they look fake like you
know when you've drawn a cloud on like
that's how good they look like look at
the sky right now
the clouds almost look like I can just
grab them and I kind of eat them like
corn candy you know like it looks so
cool
okay so check it out I just made it over
here and look at my bad boy in the
corner so exactly how I left it look
it's even got my parking ticket Lee this
is the last time I was here the eighth
of the 12th guys damn we left we left
this guy here for like a week
Oh remember when I showed you the box of
keys guys they also have like five boxes
over here look look at this oh my
goodness oh my goodness what is that
what is this this is a Mini Cooper what
damn that's such a weird key by the way
check it out I just met these tools some
guys will sell us awesome awesome my
gravy pizza while I wait for my Mustang
I have to show you this car look what
car they have over here guys
a blue Aventador SV you don't even know
how much I am in love with this car guys
like this is the perfect option hey you
got the keys look at this boys this is
like my dream one day guys one day no if
not when one day I will have this car I
haven't even seen the interior yeah oh
oh oh oh my god that's it I'm in love
how much I want to buy this for now I'm
going to say goodbye to the Ferrari
there's like an Aventador back there but
the Mustang is that baby if you're so
different being back in the Mustang guys
it's actually I think more comfortable
right mommy
yeah I say the thing is the Ferrari is
so cool guys
but it's it's a sports car you know it's
like proper sports seats everything is I
action so I'm actually gonna talk to you
guys about something later on tonight
because I might be getting rid of this
car so don't don't judge me out don't
you guys they are nice so you can
properly chat about it but I thought
maybe changing this into a four-wheel
drive car for now let's go get your bail
I'm super excited and yet
okay so we just finished up at the post
office guys and we got all of your mail
so check it out one of them looks like a
post post wait what you call this poster
poster that's what I meant to say that
my mom got to things like that one looks
like a chicken guys and this one they
actually opened it for security check
somebody sent me like a paper airplane I
don't know that's all I saw guys and I
was like really they had the security
check a paper airplane god damn that
must have been one dangerous plane by
the way guys you know this you're Scott
everywhere I just met this guy what's
our summer how you doing he's got some
swag guys look at this
I love the Chemosh like pens where'd you
get them from dad's okay next time
you're in Saudi you have to watch me all
right
there's also mating you bound peace out
yo look what they have in the store guys
you don't normally they have like the
face emoji pillows they have something a
bit more unique over here they have a
banana pillow that you can use this to
sleep guys that is adorable look at it
so since I'm here I thought why not come
and check out the costume store they
have over here if you remember I've come
here like twice before but they have a
bunch of like Christmasy costumes this
time so let's see if they have anything
new walked in this party he's looking
skinny jeans on you know man hey run
them in on that boot run a man on that
beat a run a man on that boot hey bring
them in on that be nice to your dad
build a desert so check it out boys your
boy is looking like Santa Claus right
now this is me before gym after gym
before gym after gym Eddie raise boys as
you saw just messing around in the
costume so but they actually have like
really really cool costumes outside you
can dress like a Christmas tree look
look at this guy
what that is insane surgeon
Boston - pet store guys and I couldn't
resist a stop by I want to go inside and
see what they have your oh my god look
at the puppies guys oh my God look at it
oh yeah guys you know that the dog in
Toy Story hey buddy hey buddy oh my God
look at the dogs guys oh my god he's so
adorable
yeah they had the cutest dogs ever in
that store guys I just came outside and
the war show started - check it out boys
so as I said I was meeting up with the
boys today and look where they are guys
look behind my man fatty what is going
on over here there next to the Batmobile
in front of the Burj Khalifa we also
have a Tron bike over there guys the
future bike is I'm actually getting on
top of the Battle of your right now so
let's do we up on the way up as your
favorite song is all on the way up
nothing can stop me I'm all the way up
anyways boys for now we're heading out
we gone on top of the Batmobile
hopefully we got a cool picture with the
virtually behind us but my favorite is
still the trombone guy oh we just went
over to the shopping center guys and
look a little car they have over here
Dan you know they have a classic Mini
Cooper over here that is insane that's a
nice car that is awesome man wow this
thing is prime you guys and look at the
size of me and look at the size of the
car I do have to say this is super super
awesome guys
and if you look inside the car they've
got like a ghostbusters like cushion
thing and a teddy bear you know mystery
teddy bear guys that is so cool they
have some really nice decorations over
here guys I don't know what this is for
but they've got like these huge like
fools
okay that sounds wrong guys they were
like these Christmas themed decorations
going on check it out
so check it out there actually is
something really cool over here in this
store I think I showed you last time but
I didn't show you properly they have
this machine and there's like a lot of
cotton in there just like normal cotton
you know and from here you pick out a
teddy bear and all these teddy bears are
empty on the inside so it's really
really cool so imagine guys I'll pick
out this and if you can see that this
teddy bear has no cotton inside it's
completely empty it's like anorexic and
what they do is they come to this
machine and the cotton comes out here
and you fill up the teddy bear so is a
really really cool and the funny thing
is they give you a birth certificate you
can actually also add a heartbeat to the
teddy bear oh that sounds crazy alright
wait what how do you add a heartbeat
basic there's like a little machine and
it just like kind of makes it feel like
there's a heartbeat it's so freaky guys
like it's like legit a teddy bear that's
alive so for once we're going in a
restaurant guys who came to you at the
food core and look who joined us BAM
we have miss Ilona Rosie in the building
guys she's having some food guys look
look at this I demolish my food there's
nothing left in here
Oh oh my god my mom throughout the
desert oh I can give that to me
everybody
I'll choke or chuckle sure
look at this oh my gosh oh my corpus yo
they got some pretty nice decorations
over here hey son that's the size of my
life would you cool them things uh yeah
well we don't know the word guys but
it's like a humungous version of the
things you hang on a Christmas tree yeah
there you go
decorate Christmas bulls that's what's
up yo guys we've just found the coolish
Santa hat hat wait Santa hat so here on
the ghoulish Santa hat look at this oh
my god what what is that now you made me
look crazy
that is awesome guys here we have Lana
rose in her natural habitat
yeah I sort of swore duh yeah that's
what it's for
as if we couldn't find anything cooler
guys we found a cup holder for your
swimming pool guys look at this so this
is an inflatable cup holder so if you're
swimming imagine you're swimming you
want a drink and you don't want it to
pour you just put your cup in the cup
holder and bam I'm bad I'm not sure how
well it's gonna work in case it wobbles
around it's a good idea it's a good idea
guys I like that make sure you don't
something to get if something
cannonballs into it like that's it guys
this guy he has so many so crazy only
real men wear pink guys this
I can imagine granny blow on this holy
moly Schrag eeee
oh my god I thought I saw big Christmas
trees today
no they won't they have over here in the
middle of the mall guys done tada
god damn it son I don't know what's
going on in the mall today but they have
like a bunch of decorations guys like
Christmas trees now they have a
telephone box like what what is the
telephone books doing in the middle of
them all I just asked what this phone
box is about and my man explained it to
me basically it's actually really cool
if you've spent 450 drums on something
you get like a token right
and with that token these tokens inside
this box guys you make a wish through
that telephone box and you get like a
budget obviously so you can't say I want
a Lamborghini but you can say I want
like a Gucci bag or something and then
they pick winners so if you wish it is
from 0 to 10,000 or these guys you know
I'm thinking the most expensive I'm
picking 10,000 on the dot like the most
expensive thing I can find so it's
actually really really cool guys it's
like a santa's box type thing going on
you can open it and then yeah son look
at this I'm just gonna pretend like you
know what what number is it's that
there's no number you just have to put
it talking here and then you talk with
Santa I would say it says please insert
coin yeah oh you guys listen to this
listen to this
please insert coin you hear that I
usually like basically you put the coin
inside here and then you make your wish
guys but there you go man Santa I want a
new Bugatti
I want my Bugatti Santa magic all right
Santa's busy today guys he's gonna pick
up my call tomorrow another weird
Christmas decoration this is a snowman
made out of plastic cups that is
actually so smart and they've even like
they've even use staples what right now
are literally around the corner from our
house as you can see my sister's in her
car if I had my Ferrari I'll take her on
but no point now guys I'm in the Mustang
you already know who wins me
yo I just want to say to everybody who
thinks that we're not using our boxing
bag my sister is actually using it more
than me
every morning she comes down and does
like 15 minutes so check this out she's
a professional now da da da
what the hell is that what the hell is
that
there you go boys as I said we have been
using this boxing setup the things you
know what I love about this speed bag
guys it teaches you not only to exercise
but rhythm you know like if you like it
it randomly like we're doing the first
day like you can't you have to get like
a rhythm going so it's like you know if
you hit it randomly it just won't happen
like okay no do not even my sister
that's the only thing she hasn't
practiced yet no rhythm I don't break I
know no more punching woo yeah don't no
more kicking no more kicking guys boxing
with mallanna
over peace we have a new version of
kicking by the way we don't we don't
roundhouse kick this is called the
street fire method love it
now was about to fall on the glass table
yeah we're gonna okay you know what take
no steps no one no more before you break
the house I didn't tell you guys once I
go home I told you guys about my Mustang
so basically guys I'm kind of thinking
to trade in my Mustang and get a
four-wheel drive now the only thing is I
love it man I like it was why like it
was my first car here like in Dubai was
like my first proper car right so I
don't want to get rid of it but at the
same time it kind of doesn't make sense
if you know what I mean but I thought
I'll show you what I would replace it
with guys okay I want to get myself a G
Wagon and
a really nice color just like this BAM
imagine me in a gold g-wagen guys like
that would be so boss out of these it's
not even gonna just be for me because if
I do end up getting a 4-wheel Drive
everybody can use it you know my mum can
use it my sister can use it I can use it
so it would make logical sense but I
don't know I'm gonna leave it in your
hands let me know do you guys want me to
get rid of the Mustang and get something
like that or do you think I should keep
it and that just don't even think
knotted mo if you guys think I know
don't get rid of the Mustang let me know
if your like it makes sense also let me
know in the comment section so yeah
anyways as always I love you we'll stay
awesome I'll see you guys tomorrow
and yeah yeah Leon oh boy boom
