yeah everyone what is up welcome to
another look so you already know what it
is your boy is swagged out so you know
I'm about to head out right now but
before I do yesterday I didn't properly
show you my new shoes so I thought I'd
do that first in case you guys didn't
see yesterday's vlog I bought the space
jams basically there are super limited
pair of Jordans look at the box it's all
nice and cool and everything this is the
shoe guys so it's a pretty simple shoe
but I like it and secondly you might be
wondering why are the easies there now
the reason I actually have the easies
out today is because I'm actually
getting rid of them and the reason is
number one guys I don't wear them okay
that's number one and number two
recently I've just been buying way too
many things uh-huh so you know what I
was like the thing is I've just been
spending my money again and again and
again I was like you know what if I
don't need stuff let me sell them guys
and that's exactly what I'm doing my boy
wanted these I was like you know what
yeah yeah you could take them I need the
money I'm going bankrupt bro by the way
before my Easy's go off my hand guys I
thought I'd show you them one last time
because they are actually really really
nice these are probably one of my
favorite Yeezys but what I am gonna do
instead is I'm probably gonna find a
pair that actually fit me so yeah we're
gonna say goodbye to these for now and
one day when I make enough money I'm
gonna have a new pair that fit me guys
whoa okay so I just made over to my boys
guys I'm meeting them up here at the
city won't area this like a really nice
area what's up what's up we got Raschid
over here
you already know guys we got the Ferrari
shirt and we got my boy Fatih that's
what's up so you've actually come to a
very very special place to have some
dessert guys and the dessert that's
coming is actually one of the most
expensive desserts in the world there's
actual real gold on it it's gonna be
crazy
just gonna do you're about to see the
craziest thing ever it's birthday if you
guys didn't know it's for his birthday
happy birthday so there you go boys this
is the dessert this is ridiculous guys
look at the size of this and I'm
actually going to let the manager tell
you more about this what is this so this
is gold treasure chest the five of three
year three cakes Plus on a hen's go past
me 10 scoops st. it was a real 23 solid
gold and
and I know stuff it's very better than
ham so it's got real gold over there 10
scoops of ice cream 5 cakes I don't know
what else guys it's pandemonium
so I was gonna eat the normal parts of
the cake guys but I realized all the
gold is at the top on the treasure chest
so you already know what it is let's
just try and scoop up a little bit of
that gold
yeah bro let's just take this up again
damn I'm literally about to eat this
gold you see that guys that is real
edible gold tastes unique I've never
tasted something like that before I know
I told you this area is nice but look at
all of the trees they are they're like
palm trees and they've got covers on the
trees I literally the whole tree has a
material around it if you see that it
makes it look really cool because of the
colors okay so we just saw this store
guys and this is probably the biggest
iron man I've ever seen
what oh gosh it looks so tiny compared
to that thing yo how much is this thing
know this actor has to be a price to
little 149 thousand one hundred and
forty nine thousand there you go guys
that is their Iron Man statue this space
has got a bunch of cool stuff like
shirts and cool things are you guys so
ugly in that oh my god dad the brush
head just did some shopping what did you
buy he bought that ugly mosque I want to
give my dog oh yeah he's a savage man we
just made this of the Burj Khalifa guys
and look at what we have in front of the
car what the hell is going on we have a
large specimen we have a what get off my
car no Eddie was selling so we have
always Ferrari good I already know boy
you already know hey this this doesn't
want nothing on my lancer the let me
tell ya your Lancer we should do it race
how about you guys we should do a race
my car versus his Lancer you know I'll
run 60 K likes and I raced him in case
60 K do it 60 K racing against his eyes
I weigh like 60 kid he doesn't know what
kind of legs oh my God he's got that
tuned
there up that bad I just met this homie
right now what's up what's up what's
your name by the way who do you think
will win me or Eddie he's gonna race me
I'm gonna win I like that high-five bull
so I know you guys don't want to see too
much basketball because I've done that
last few days but I'm just gonna add a
little time lapse of us playing
basketball and then that's it I promise
occasion whoo
as always we just finished playing
basketball whoo we're so tired
whoo we lost our bad whoo yeah we won
the person lost over she's you're making
me sweat with how much running you're
doing bro whoo whoo yeah your first time
best baby that's how I like to hear all
the way from out the fence salt let's
see my mouth God you can hit this come
on bro oh damn on his first try on his
first try hey your voice trick shot
Simone the crew we out boy we out you
we're heading out of here boys ours
enough of tennis or whatever boss you're
back oh I remember this boy yes with it
wait I'm so tired I can't remember the
sport boys oh I love golf it's such a
great day I don't exercise guys I want I
exercise I feel like I'm gonna die well
you were playing in the first game like
you were a professional or something all
over the place and I was defending you
and you're running everywhere and when
we get the next team you've less yeah
when I when I became on that non-steam I
just stopped as I got my peaky and my
myface wall no guys this pinky is almost
broken they hit it so hard
well you hit the ball you mean they
access without permission is private it
let's get it yes
what the hell is she doing what get your
dirty feet off my car oh yeah yeah Oh
get the hell out of here get ready yes
oh you're sweaty ass oh my god
I took is my car yeah Oh Oh Eddie was
doing that stuff to my car this year to
use like what are you doing is that your
car you thought like that was around a
person's job I showed him my ticket he
was like oh okay
you see take the glory that's his girls
like oh my god I thought there was about
to be a problem you thought he was about
to arrest us but he wasn't about to get
me kicking some random Ferrari hey so
for now I'm gonna say goodbye to the
boys peace out Eddie see you next time
high five boom and you already know we
got my man fatty over here high five so
for now I'm gonna head up home guys
actually quickly need to stop at the
petrol station before I do anything like
my car is out of gas like it's been
drinking the fuel because you know I put
my foot down each time so eat each gas
on the Ferrari is like whoa alone your
fuel goes once I go home I'm gonna go
get my Easy's I suddenly left them home
so I'll go get my Easy's go give them to
my boy and yeah make some money
I'm joking guys I'm not selling them for
the money okay I kind of am but I sound
so broke saying this slight change of
plans guys I actually quickly stopped by
our friend's house because it's been a
long time since I visited them and you
ever get that moment where you're
literally about to cool somebody and
they cool you first and you're like dude
like it was supposed to be me calling
you I don't know why that always
frustrates me because it always happens
to me like whenever I'm thinking about
somebody they call me first and then it
ah it's just so annoying cuz you know
you know guys you know what I mean
this car is a beast in this poor kings
as I mentioned quick stop of our friends
place honestly I kind of just squeezed
my car in between their cars to have a
lineup look at that guy's oh we got the
blue McLaren the like turquoise blue
Ferrari here actually let me know guys
should I change the color of my Ferrari
and if so what color do you like the
best at ease I don't even know like the
red kinda looks good but I want
something different so since I'm here at
my friend's house guys I thought I'd
show you some of the new shoes he got
there's me trying to sell my shoes today
to save money okay and my friend bought
five Louboutins yesterday okay I'm going
to show you them each okay this is
number one guys all of them are brand
new let me take them out just to show
you the soul guys look never worn okay -
I'm trying to get them right three four
and the fifth one he's wearing himself
and there's me trying to sell my easy
guys to afford my car okay by the way
it's not only Louboutins there's a bunch
of like other stuff we got Louie Vuitton
that looks fancy I don't know what that
is guys and just a bunch of other shoes
but my favorite are definitely these
yellow ones they stand out let me make a
little correction guys you know the ones
I said look fancy these are called
billionaire ok psych it kind of matches
the name it kind of matches the names as
always you already know I'm with my man
no over here everybody seems to have
shoes today look what he has guys
he's got billionaire shoes - all right
you know what that's it I'm done I'm
done I'm leaving guys Jonna trade Noah
Jonathan no I'll give you Yeezys you
know Kanye West all right fine I see how
it is I'm out fish so we greatly came to
eat on night 4 guys and look at this
insane view from up here but besides
from that they have like these laps on
the table and they change color like you
can literally change it that buttons
under here guys so check it out it's red
at the moment and then you change it now
it's like purple
thank you you can see every button I
click it changes it to another okay why
is it not working now are you kidding me
come on brother
do something I there you go guys look at
this it's changing again there we go for
now I need to go home
petrol station get the easies and head
over to my boy okay so yeah that's four
things we need to do guys you know
what's really really crazy guys I didn't
know this my friend just told me this
you see if this window at the back of
the Ferrari I can bring it down there's
a bun right here check this out guys
that's the window guys do you see that
and you can actually bring it down and
apparently is there to hear the engine
more so you already know what time it is
boys
the window coming down definitely makes
it louder guys so somehow we made it
over to the petrol station and my car
didn't die guys so I'm greatly filling
up ironically there's like a whole oil
tank behind my car look at that oh that
that oil money don't I say I get that
going so much guys all you money or
money
hi guys listen if I owned oil I'd buy a
bugatti times five
god damn you guys already know what it
is we're at the red lights guys and
don't play your boys the redline
destroyer
guys I think we have some competition I
think we have some competition - all
right I don't play games and nobody
voice
oh wait wait oh oh there's nobody next
to me what a surprise
all right so not little room guys let's
quickly grab the easiest guys BAM check
it out if you don't know these are my
only Easy's ever I like my first pair
and I'm getting rid of them with it like
I think I only put them like two weeks
ago so a moment of silence for the
easiest guys
such good memories we had together and
rich boys let's go head out I'm actually
my boy RSK is taking them off me and let
me tell you what's great guys I'm
normally an 11 and a half these are 11
guys so they're tight for me my boy is a
size 12 and he's taking these like no
sense it makes no sense guys but you
wanted them you can have them I don't
care our voice I just made it here but
today is a windy windy day yo I don't
even think I'm I don't even think they
know I'm here guys I'm just kind of
entering my myself so yeah oh wait is it
locked
are you kidding me done yeah Burke I'm
up in the door thank you so the doors
locked guys I just called him to come
and open it so let's scare him okay good
scary I was always outside brought
everybody brought the 350s boy guys
oh yeah brother
moment of truth will they fit him I
don't know why he even asked to take
these off me what's the size 11
barometer in a knockoff drumroll there
little type I don't care I like I like
the thinking process they're tight but
I'll take them
so since Helena's here guys and she's
never freestyled on the vlog today she's
gonna give us her free there freely at
first freestyle that's it I'm not very
good guys don't worry she's got it she's
just pretending she can sing it thing
but she doesn't free stop forcing me I
it's okay it's fine Eminem always tries
to make me do it
you see if we're gonna make it happen
gay high five let's get it oh oh oh
freestyle coming they call me Saline
mushroom game is me and they accent my
jeans on is he'll be making my back
different Paluxy look let's see what I'm
whippin Oh has a ratty same color in the
ocean huh it's just like a potion whoa
lucky block
I don't give a damn i ha ha ha ha
that was good just like so for now we're
heading out for your guys and let's go
let's go Yami's you got to be honest
these guys are staying yes only me and
talena are heading out the only people
with lifestyle here guys get down out of
here you guys stay it's like 5:00 a.m. a
6:00 a.m. 6:00 a I don't even know how
they do it guys you're about to go home
and what're you gonna do you're gonna
edit no I'm gonna straight to sleep bro
time right straight just this and we
work this guy consistently works let's
go guys it is actually so so cold
in this car like I don't know why I
brought the roof down but how movies
have to freeze on the way home let's go
I should eat wait a second I have my
jumper so yeah this could keep me warm
so you already know what it is guys
small stop at the supermarket cuz my mom
wanted a bunch of stuff like all this
stuff I should feel really cheeky guys
I'm gonna get myself a strawberry milk
you know and you just you just feel like
having something I feel like having
strawberry milk let me know is this good
for me or bad cuz milk is good for you
but I know the strawberry part is
probably bad cuz sugar so does that make
it like nothing is it like cotton kind
of cancel out each other
it's literally like 1:00 a.m. guys is
empty in the streets and I'm having some
strawberry milk
your boys a thug man I've run these
streets brah
now that I'm homeboys I shoulda show you
guys my pinky finger so when I was
playing basketball you know when you
have to catch a ball and it hits the tip
of your finger and it hurts so bad you
want to literally shoot yourself look at
this guys I'm not sure if you can see
that this finger is so swollen it's like
broken you see it's like even this part
is blacker than it should be I so as you
can see my normal finger on this side
and the swollen finger on this side
tomorrow I should need to sort out my
Mustang in case you guys are wondering
where that is so stay tuned
and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always I love you make sure to subscribe
right now
