just don't let the rain pass you by make
me feel like I'm alive no God please no
good morning yeah everyone what is that
welcome to another vlog so rise and
shine we have a creature outside singing
for us we made her go away as well you
made her go hey I want to make today
productive I want to go out and exercise
I actually started blogging and I
realized I'm only wearing one shoe right
now guys look at this
so yeah I'm gonna put on my shoes my
sister Skye downstairs and we're all
heading out to do some fitness let's go
and do some exercising this belly needs
to go yeah yeah
lady
hi
I can't
for me let's go party
that's it it's enough party girl today
guys know what we need motivating music
for running we don't need to Barbie girl
stuff eh I'm usually out all the mums to
make spaghetti that's what I'm gonna say
shout out to the spaghetti guys
spaghetti
no ever that was the kid guy she still
is mad that's one of my favorite songs
of all time
Wow guys look at that
it's a sunset and we've got like
parachutes
I don't know kites flying around that is
so beautiful so we just made it over to
the beach guys and it is absolutely
beautiful today my goodness guys check
it out look at this view right now guys
that is amazing
something you guys may not know is
national flag Day is coming up which
means they have a lot of decorations
along the beach those are all flags so I
had to tell you there was a lot of flags
over here guys are you ready to see how
many there actually is
oh my god guys this is absolutely crazy
we're literally standing above the
ground there's like this pillar over
here she can stand on this this is
insane look at their surfing with that
oh my god that's insane you know what's
even cooler guys they actually have a
bunch of flags over here which you can
hold that is all so anyways guys we came
here for one reason and that is to
exercise so let's do this
I'm running away from this cane I'm
trying to find a new way where the sun
shining down on my face away you're in
the only thing is guys I have to admit I
hate exercising like how do people do
this for father Oh
for now I'm actually gonna go drop my
mom and sister off home guys I'm heading
out so if you guys remember Ahmed I'm
going to meet him he was the kid that
set up our first-ever Bugatti Drive
forever good memories I haven't seen him
for a while I'm gonna go catch up with
him and yeah just check out some cool
cars oh okay so I just said at home guys
I need to head out as soon as possible
so let's quickly change my clothes and
go whoa all right much better so check
it out I just made it over to the
showroom and look who we have here so
you already know who is guys Ahmed aka
the man aka the Bugatti plug we out your
boys how's it been going off to the
Bugatti video off to the fame hit you
honestly he's like the coolest kid ever
and you already know what's up he's the
guy with the plugs he's the guy that
sets you up with these cars this is
actually gorgeous guys so Ahmed what am
I taking this one for a drive next week
next week yeah I'm free guys I'm free
any day guys I'm free any day I need to
do this to my Mustang get some gold rims
on it it look nice so me and Ahmed got
bored upstairs guys so we came
downstairs to look at some beasts they
have over here and they have a lot of
things guys look at this now if you
don't know what you're looking at this
is a mercedes-benz SLR and it is a
beauty guys it's just gorgeous you know
I love this car if you have you guys
like Need for Speed I think you play
Need for Speed this was a beast in Need
for Speed guys it was a monster every
door we touched on till now has given us
an electric shock so I want to do it I
can you do it go for it oh the wrong
choices give you a shock
do you guys hear that ticking oh my god
this car is ridiculous guys no Ahmed do
you think I should just say no Ferrari
and buy a Rolls Royce
yeah yeah I just recently ran across a
video on YouTube they had a Rolls Royce
makeup tutorial so although did that sit
in a rolls-royce at do make up so you
have you have any makeup here yeah yeah
of course we carry around doing makeup a
boatload your nose right your channel
coming soon I don't even know those
adorn this about how you even hear it
doesn't make sense right we have no idea
how to get here oh okay okay no it's so
quiet in this car I think I was like
some noise cancellation this is pretty
weird we produce sound cycle we write
he's a psycho right now yard let's get
out of the resolution so I did tell you
guys that Ahmed had something for me
basically I don't know how to explain it
except from it has two wheels and it's
like a skateboard okay let's get going
to them honestly we have no idea how to
ride this thing so oh he's bouncing what
the hell are you give up sorry sorry no
jokes aside guys we actually need to
fill up the air on this but once I do
we're gonna have a lot of fun with it so
yeah pretty cool adventure I've never
seen something like this it's definitely
unique
so you actually managed to find a pump
for the skateboard guys it's it's a car
pump it's actually meant for a Maserati
but I mean it's same thing right same
thing this Maserati is no different just
again yeah just a good amount
don't blow the tire so we actually found
the hidden stash guys we found the key
stole all the cars over here check it
now every key you could ever imagine
guys in these boxes
got Ferrari Bugatti it's just a Bugatti
HQ sitting there guys there's one key I
want to show you have you guys you guys
probably know what the Koenigsegg is but
a lot you may have not seen the key the
key is it's a DJ Khaled special key let
me just say that it's a DJ Khaled
special key guys this is the key to a
Koenigsegg guys Ahmed what you have to
say how do you say I don't know guys
honestly this is the craziest key I've
ever seen in my life like it's solid
metal like it wastes so much on the back
is just like one button this there's
nothing I don't even know how to unlock
the car with it
hope it's voice-activated Koenigsegg
unlock Koenigsegg unlock unit yeah I
think I love you
so in case you guys didn't know what car
this belongs to it's this beast right
here guys the Konan zeg this thing's a
monster no it's crazy this emblem is the
exact same size as the emblem on the car
guys so if you check it out the emblem
on the car and when you put this next to
it it literally is the exact same size
that's ridiculous right oh my god so I'm
actually gonna hop in the Conan's I can
switch it on guys I've never heard on a
piece go look see how it sounds like
this is one of the lowest cars I decided
oh my government I feel like I'm in a
spaceship right now look at the view you
get when you're in this car so it's just
different man it's just different
honestly look at the roof on this bad
boy it's like let's switch this bad boy
on I don't even know how to use this car
honestly what guys what would do i press
I don't even know what these buttons do
it's like coded guy that I see like a
light yeah there's something on it
come in second
once it's on you can gotta see with all
the buttons a bit better
wow that is insane and really sweet your
office is so
let's see does this good job 3 2 1 Wow
I've had his heart it's a locket it's
guys I could not imagine taking this on
the road but I can I think it would be
pretty fast hit the like button if you
want us to take this on the road one day
honey I will make it happen huh 40 K
likes I will take this beast on the road
I kind of feel scared just seeing in it
guys because it is a ridiculous car like
just look at it it's insane oh my god no
the windows go up by itself
yeah mine does my dad Oh struggle is
real homos on this way out it's a
procedure oh this is ridiculous there
you go
shoot shoutout to the plug for giving me
the keys to this car you already know
what it is
Koenigsegg vs. Mustang there's no
challenge really we need to foster car
ok guys I'm sorry
hey maybe have a corner take this rocket
if you guys want to see that let's try
and break 50 K likes yeah Nikki and I
this Bugatti is honestly one of the most
beautiful cars I've seen so and this
yeah this key is most beautiful this is
beautiful so why can't these two go
together now that's it guys I'm sorry it
has to go together so he gave me the car
I mean he gave me the keys there and the
car soon I'm gonna quickly go put this
in my car and head out guys so this is
gonna be the official goodbye factor
today good catching up guys I got a lot
of things planned we're crossing the
road we're crossing the road go go let's
drive with this
hi pop bro boom until next time peace as
you saw guys just finished up with Ahmed
at the show we had a lot of fun we're
just like messing around I bring some
fun over there please tell me you found
that key cool because literally add like
one button at the back that's in that
car it's like artwork guys even though I
just got home guys we're literally
heading back out right now to go out and
eat because I'm starving
and my mum she just doesn't cook for us
you know we ate when you're out you ate
when I was out dinosaur eggs yeah it was
so I'm happy I didn't eat that that
stuff looks toxic bruh that stuff looks
talks to you guys tell me a few DVDs
they're probably really healthy for you
but I don't know okay this this is all
my sister eat guys the dinosaur eggs it
looks like something will come out of
them look at that this is probably the
worst snapchat filter I've seen until
now it looks disgusting I look like a
deformed fish what look at this Range
Rover over here if you're like a
chocolatey brown color that's super
super awesome
anyways I'm legit starving we just came
out because I wanted food that's the
only reason its rim such a long time
guys it's been such a long time my spicy
fries oh do you ever wish you could just
eat unlimited junk food and never get
fat or affected but I do as long guys
something happen right now I'm giving my
cat a five star massage look at him he's
falling asleep yeah right there I know
that's a spot oh yeah I'm gonna wrap up
today's log here I'm really loving my
new hairstyle guys I don't know why
maybe it looks the same to you guys but
you know I look special in my own eyes
okay
as always you already know the if
you don't know the slogan by now you
better learn it now okay three two one
Yolo Yolo bye boom okay one more thing
iPhone 7 giveaway make sure to press
subscribe right now I'm watching you
guys and you're in for an iPhone
everybody's over there
bye
