yeah everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so before today's vlog
starts I'm gonna remind you guys I'm
doing an Xbox and Xbox I mean I'm doing
an iPhone 7 give way and the only rule
to enter is to be subscribed to the
channel so if you're someone you make
sure to press subscribe I can't believe
I messed it up the first thing I want to
show you guys today is I don't know why
I found this light or super fascinating
so check this out boom you see it's just
a normal flame and then you put it on
ultimate motorcade boom look at the size
of the flame that is so crazy
this is probably a bad decision guys but
I want to see what happens if I could
fire on this ball this ball is fire
resistant what this is a fireproof ball
I I don't even know what I'm watching
right now guys that is ridiculous guys
what I actually have something really
really cool to show you guys and I
actually bought this thing two weeks ago
but never showed you so without further
ado let's check it out guys oh yeah you
probably know what that is that I know
it looks like a regular hat guys that
know this this is not a regular hat this
is something special guys okay if you're
wondering what it is it's one of those
drink hats you know you don't want that
you can I drink your drink from that's
what this is love a she looks so funny
I'm gonna try to put these two inside
the helmet gosh let's see if it works
out I'm not sure if I'm supposed to wash
this before I use it but would you say
man
I hope it's not dirty we have the drinks
the drinks are now in the helmet guys
moment of truth how'd you stop it
how did you stop it oh my god this is so
bad okay
no no let's take the helmet off guys
what do I do
it's leaking oh my god okay this is so
bad oh my god
what the hell just went on guys look at
this it just it wouldn't stop coming out
I'm gonna go ahead and say that this is
probably not the most useful thing I've
ever seen
look what it did to my floor that pretty
much sucked it didn't go as planned it
didn't go as planned so I clearly came
outside guys I'm not sure if you
remember Matt from the videos he's one
of the yo-yo squad and a while back he
told me that his dad has a Lamborghini
like a classic Lambo and today they came
in that car check this bad boy out so
what is this called
uh 1982 Yelper 1982 yo guys this car is
older than me but it looks so cool check
it out guys this actually just came back
from England apparent your London so
that is awesome really like it
it's awesome right the thing is guys
like this is my first time seeing it and
I I look out the windows I waste outside
it looks like a Back to the Future car
if you guys know what I mean but that is
awesome pretty cool car guys and
absolutely love it one more thing
check out the interior on this bad boy
whoo
the classic cars look so different and
there goes the Lamborghini guys bye-bye
Wow
that was super unexpected down I'm
actually gonna go take a shower right
now to head out my family and go see our
friends anyways let's go I need to tell
my mom just chucked it down for me so
let's go clean up and head out guys
otherwise you want to see how I look
boom what my hair with a hat is it's
ridiculous guys yeah yeah not not the
best image to go out with so let's go
thank you shower
so we just made it over to my boys place
guys I'm look at the first thing there's
a go over here literally a touch it I
hope he doesn't buy and there's a horse
behind you as well I the horse is
definitely safe to play with oh I think
so okay I don't know I honestly does oh
it's ours guys there's a love story
between these two look the horse and
they go so in case you guys are
wondering where I am I'm back at my
boys'll Todd's place and you guys should
know it from the cheetah video if you
guys know so check it out this is the
cheetah oh this is Charlie guys oh yeah
is Charlie at night guys
last time I was super scared of the
cheese but this time you know what we're
friends man what's up what's selling at
it yeah I want to touch it why not she
is just look scary like apart from that
they're really calm yeah Charlie sorry
I want to move away from you right now
yes I do uncle Charlie's always a good
kid yeah look at the size of those claws
all right you know what guys Charlie
good night I'll see you tomorrow okay
they actually have a pretty interesting
bonfire over a year that is literally
like a log from a tree in there like
they've got a bunch of them and I think
that's charcoal in the middle now that
is how you do a bonfire guys I'm not
sure if they're gonna cook anything on
it but that looks really really cool
whoa guys look at that there's an
airplane going over us right now
there's literally an airplane over my
head look at it it feels like there's a
toy above me a toy airplane anyways
we're chilling over here and yeah
Charlie's also relaxing he's about to
have his dinner right now
don't worry his dinners not going to be
us imagine we're the dinner for him
right now by the way this is what they
do with the bonfire that they made guys
so they scoop it up and they put it over
here and that's the way they do the
cooking you see that that's awesome so
you guys should remember this guy from
the lost blog this is Moe jr. right here
the shepherd the German Shepherd okay
don't try and kiss me don't try and kiss
me imagine this guy is gonna grow up to
be a guard dog yet one day you're gonna
be able to protect me look at it look at
his teeth oh my god they're sharp at a
young age Oh does he remember you Oh
miny moe
you know this stinks yeah he's like
pulling his leash yomo don't keep got no
no Nana Momo don't got that far
know that drop that had what is he doing
he's drinking something Oh Oh what is
that does his hair spray it's nothing
I come to say yeah this guy's worse than
the lion what is he doing no he says I
don't want you to hold my leash I can
hold my own leash I'm my own person damn
it I'm my own person
mo doesn't know how to take care of his
dog imagine if he was your dog how would
you deal with him guys my brother is
struggling that's such a rebel we're
walking this way that's I've had enough
I've had enough of him telling you what
he's so happy he's like wagging his tail
we're gonna take him for a little walk
mo Junior come let's go let's go are you
sure we can go there maybe the other
animals might get him scared or
something so as you can see guys I've
got my own dog today si good
oh wow let's go let's go boys junior
let's go me and Moe junior have come
over to the garage section does he he
suits me right yeah dawg come on buddy
come on buddy let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go oh no oh you
know guys whenever a cat is on his back
it's like not a good idea to touches
like belly because that's when they want
more does not like Charlie so I guess
that's only normal because cats and dogs
oh yes
well anyways we were just chilling over
here with some friends having dinner and
stuff like that
guys I feel like monkey noises I don't
even know what it is I hear like
something another species oh my god he's
gonna bite me oh my god anyways who's a
good boy
Mikey yes his name's what Mikey cuz his
hair spiky hey spikey oh look at him Oh
buh-bye go see you soon
anyways voice for now I'm heading out to
go home we really just stopped by to
have some dinner with some friends and
check out the animals they'd be looking
Billy ah like a damn Billy the God but I
Benny so he quickly came over to the
mall because my sister is actually
really really sick like she can barely
talk right now okay no don't over
exaggerate
hey you don't need to act it out no she
actually is sick guys so we're gonna go
get her some medication right now I
speak to them very
no she's acting that she's not she's not
that sick right now yeah I'm dying guys
and I my sister ended up getting her
medicine guys check it out for my throat
guys let's trestles breathing into this
intensive it's got honey and Lane
intense strepsils guys and she also got
some sort of spray for a throat salt
yeah pretty good we just came over to
the store guys and look what they have
over here they go Santa Claus playing
the jazz instrument rock on
Santa rock on by they look at how you
start him look I saw him it's like lap
oh my god I buy my sign I will see you
soon
I get broads in in Lund she's it'll be
super fun
whoa they've got rat hats over here guys
this is an elephant oh is that an
elephant okay
oh yeah I'm sorry I'm a never better hat
so right now I'm actually gonna go get a
haircut guys and the thing is I'm
actually gonna try a new style okay so
we should be the best of luck I'm
actually gonna get the side of my hair
faded so you know when it starts on like
nothing and it gets thicker as it goes
up let me show you a picture you see
that hairstyle okay I just showed my guy
the haircut he said it would look good
on me so let's give it a shot guys okay
I'm gonna go in low 2.0
okay so so far we just cut my hair guys
it's looking super super awesome but
right now we're trying to figure out
what to do to my beard so once I come to
a decision we're gonna trim up and then
you can see the final look guys
okay we did my beard now it's time for
the lost part guys the eyebrows let's go
so there you go guys
that is my new haircut I want to quickly
get it washed up and fixed up but yeah
it looks different for sure guys let me
know what you guys think the threading
is the most painful thing ever
like it's seriously painful guys burns
hi there you go guys my haircut just
finished my beard is burning we just
pull off the shave on it oh my god
anyways that is a haircut I actually
think I'm really good now let me know
what you guys think and shout out to my
man for killing the hairstyle so for now
I'm out and yet we have a new beau in
town alright guys check it out just
finishing my haircut
it's nice right I like it I lost my
voice guys I'm so sorry it's going it's
becoming worse what she sounds like a
crow Kiewit chair away it's
becoming worse so did you realize you
put a line through my eyebrow I told him
guys I said just be different than last
time so he put like a line through my
eyebrow look at my sister's phone right
now
it is a smashed-up blackberry yes a
smashed-up blackberry she has I phone
seven and I won't use it because I need
the new SIM card yeah so today she was
trying to get the new SIM card for the
iPhone 7 so she could use that but they
don't have it so yeah we create least
stop by it like a honey shop thing as
and check that out that looks awesome
I like that that Dalek so sooo they're
giving up the honey from that like jar
things is slowly coming down so you come
to do a little bit of late night
shopping guys my sister's buying some
eggs these are like dinosaur eggs guys
honestly the eggs she buys I don't know
what they are but they don't look like
normal eggs to me so we were about to
leave and
cool happens guys do you want to see my
twin car check this l
exactly for the exact same mother
everything is the same
why Denton
sorry guys I'm gonna see the plate
number you wouldn't know like ya know
the thing is his plate numbers smaller
yours is bigger I require your car's not
clean Mahmud oh this car is nice and
clean and shiny Oh takes care of his car
you don't well there you go guys I told
you I wanted to buy another Mustang now
I have to yep that's definitely mine
right there allowed you taking pictures
into the same car looks so weird looking
at my car next to me like so weird see
so weird now there are no guys I have
two announcements to make which are
pretty weird because they're unexpected
to even me so the first one is if you
guys don't know I had Molag shirts for
sale a while back and I just got an
email saying you're sending bull black
shirts again like me I'm selling them
without me knowing them so basically
what happened is you guys went and
pre-ordered them and if you preorder
over a certain amount it automatically
starts selling them which is weird I
didn't know this website does this by
the time this video is out you literally
have one day to buy them so if you want
to go get them it says three days now
but my videos are like two days in delay
so you're probably gonna have one day
left by the time this blog gets out but
yeah guys if you want to vote look shirt
links in the description and yeah you
literally have one day to get it so I'm
sorry about that but I didn't know now
on to the second announcement guys this
one is actually really crazy so if you
guys don't already know which I'm sure
most of you Dukes I made a video about
it my video right in the duct-tape
challenge got age-restricted
and now the video is actually trending
on YouTube okay check this out guys boom
number 25 on trending what what okay
link to that video will also be in the
description let's see if we can make it
trend even more guys we have two pretty
weird things that just happened anyways
as what you guys
catch you guys tomorrow and as always
don't forget yeah leo no bye boom
