yo guys what is up welcome to another
vlog so today's a beautiful day and
we're all heading out right now so I
know you guys have probably already seen
my car in the channel and this makes no
sense right now
but we're gonna go sort out the lost
piece of documents from my car so
tomorrow I'll be taking official
delivery on it now you're probably like
what what how did we see it already then
I don't know magic guys magic don't
worry my videos are weird in the way I
schedule them but let's go guys sort out
everything and yeah just have an amazing
day let's go oh I just made it over here
as you can see behind me I'm just
putting some parking money in so I can
park my car so guys look at the amount
of coins I have because normally the
machine just doesn't take my money look
they keeps on refunding it to me so I'm
just gonna chuck in a bunch and see what
you can do go on one hour later it took
my money guys put me out my ticket whoo
all right so now that we're here guys
let me show you my new car BAM I owe
jokes aside guys this is not my new car
but look at this yo I love this car
I was always thinking about getting one
of these but it's a car you'd get like
if you have extra money you know at the
moment my bank doesn't work like that
you know I just can't go ahead and get
one of these but it's awesome the doors
open like this boom that's how it opens
okay so now that I'm here guys I met
these two awesome guys Hadi and husana
they're here all the way from Mauritius
yes how far is that country six hours
six whores damn guys they watch the
videos and apparently this is their
favorite car so we made a promise when
they're older guys they're buying me
this car is that a promise no maybe
maybe maybe we'll see how it goes if
you're a billionaire you have to get me
okay by the way guys these two are
probably the smartest kids I've ever met
you see they know about having proof at
a young age so what they've done is they
brought me a piece of paper it says
Molag signature and I have to sign it so
they can go show that I did it
you're not going to get much better than
this this is top quality signatures for
now fascinating and Hardy are heading
home guys we're gonna say goodbye to
them high five
see you next time so we're actually
heading out of here guys I came here to
sort out everything I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I actually sold the car so
tomorrow I'm gonna come pick it up
everything sorted out with the car so
100% tomorrow I'm taking delivery of it
you guys have seen the car already so it
doesn't make a huge difference for you
but for me oh my god I'm so excited guys
I'm so so excited but let's head out
awesome start to a day just just look at
the cars man oh this is something I've
never seen here before that white or
gray it
it's a white or gray gt3 RS by the way
another route look what car is parked
next to us we got my Mustang and then we
have a white Aventador on the right oh
this is actually our friend's car so
damn son so now let me finish over at
the showroom guys have come to a
shopping center know about to have a
snack I'm not sure if you guys have seen
these basically look at that that's a
potato and they grill it guys and then
they put flavor on it wow that looks so
weird look at it early by the way guys
my sister's hand is getting a little
bare not really better but she's not
getting worse it's still black oh look
at that oh my God look at that oil guys
my mouth is watering looking at it like
oh look at that
anyways look at all of the flavors they
have over here guys we got pepper steak
they've got like a bunch of unique
flavors garlic butter but I'm having a
mix of cheese Mexican and salt Oh
oh there you go boys that's my one right
there so now all they do is they dry off
the oil then you put some flavor on it
some sauce that is mine awesome whoo
look at that Lana's coming to try mine
go for it just peel off it's a little
hot
what do you want I your turn I wait wait
for your own bra wait for your own
you're trying to steal my food yo I
ordered you one right there you can have
that no you can't have anymore
this is mine damn son my sister's going
saucy with this one she gone
saucy she's putting everything on there
another one another one oh my goodness
look at all of the spices
Bon Appetit everybody huh that is
amazing you guys check this out guys
they actually have like a huge Christmas
tree over here if you can see this down
that's like a it's like a 20 meter
Christmas tree right here oh my goodness
that is insane and they just told us in
one week Santa's gonna be here I wanna
go guys in one week Santa Claus is gonna
be in this house oh okay no no nobody's
in there at the moment there's a bunch
of construction going on but what we
can't we're gonna come back and get our
present it's Christmas time it's
Christmas time da la la la la la la
dashing through the snow in a one-horse
open sleigh oh what fun it is to ride on
a one-horse open sleigh
eh oh oh okay we came into like this
shop that sells like home equipment they
got the tiny Christmas trees like it's
altar oh this is my favorite though guys
I remember these snow globes
Wow oh my goodness look at that ah these
golden ones I never really understood
the ones I had nothing to do with
Christmas like there's like random snow
globes look at that we were the Eiffel
Tower then I don't know that we have a
pyramid in there what the hell we're an
anime right now going up guys are you
ready I'm just sitting inside this
really cool like chair I don't like it's
literally hanging it's called the egg
guys let me show you what I did yeah
it's that is the floating egg one
thousand four hundred are you kidding me
get the hell off it before I have to pay
for it we're about to head out of this
shopping center guys but look at what
they have it's tempting us back in it
they've got like a cotton candy maker
but I don't think they'll turn on for
you because they've already got some
over there so I'm sorry I'm sorry you
don't get to see how it's made we're in
the candy store right now my sister's
gonna have these powder things you press
it in and it fills it up guys - check it
out just push it
Oh so as you can see guys each one you
press it fills us up with powder so next
one let's go pink dented - damn no
that's too much make too much big what
the hell all right let's go yellow I
want a bit of yellow in there that is so
cool and that is what you call sugar
addiction in this candy store they
actually have a bunch of cool cakes as
well look at that they got a minion cake
that's an education k that's like when
you graduate from school this is for the
shopaholics this is for the kids and
then this is when you want to be sassy
look like a sexy cake oh oh now we're
gonna say goodbye to this shopping
center you know I love this place
because it's like it's small and not too
many people come to it so it's like kind
of like a secret location if you know
what I mean so we just changed spot
right now and look at what car is in the
valley over here boys that is definitely
something I've never seen before it's
like a glassy orange and matte black
combination on a rolls-royce that is
insane unless you never see anything
like that guys y'all I'm sorry
as fashion is just like evolved to a
level where I don't understand anymore
who the hell wants to wear a wooden
brick under their shoe
they wouldn't what there is going on I'm
sorry if you guys wear this I don't even
know I don't know what say I I just
don't know so today we've actually cope
so we're different 2e I'm having kebab
over here at the mall and I always
whenever I'm here I just go and have
like chicken wings over there like you
know what I need to start trying
different restaurants and stuffs over
here the first thing I love this place
gives you cheese and bread guys like
that is just amazing so you already know
your boy you just take your bread you
take the cheese guys just like this and
then voila you put it on your bread so
the kebabs just got here guys and
normally what I do as soon as I get my
food you see this side all the healthy
stuff has to go up like I can't eat it
when it's on my plate so one by one all
you do is you just push it into another
plate all of it gets pushed onto another
player I just can't have it on my plate
so my sister's actually never bid
trampolining over here guys it also you
don't want let's take her trampolining
you're gonna see how good we are
are you professional like that I can do
a backflip yeah you want to see me come
inside all right come watch my back flip
inside so the thing is to go inside you
need these socks guys so it kind of
gives you grip when you're on they can't
go in it with shoes so so what type of
noises are going on are people getting
killed in display her Marvin judges yoga
squat did not once see the boat oh yeah
so we're finally in here guys as you can
see you know your mummy boats coming
here so what are you doing what are you
doing they have a basketball career here
but let's get on to the serious business
guys
this wind
whoa how did you know I can't even get
close to what you doing this uh I could
take the camera take the camera you can
be camera mad wow that's cool whoa are
you kidding me is that all she can do
guys is that it's I swear it's easier no
go if I break my back go just go
stop complaining it's easy
please BC so Lana is going for it she's
finally going to attempt a big job no no
no no no you have to one two three what
the hell was that
oh hi let's go front slip time oh yeah
how was that how was your first front
flip but did it hurt no hi guys she's
gaining the confidence it's time to go
bigger Oh
Oh
Oh guys I'm gonna throw the camera to
Lana right now good luck I just still
recording yes it is well okay guys
you're gonna be jumping with me so let's
go study
whoa oh my god oh that was scary guys I
hope I was recording this no mo are you
gonna jump no no no ma what you better
not jump on me I believe I believe oh my
god mom and you just kicked me good girl
Oh
casualty and casualty the last thing I
want to do while I'm over here is I'm
trying to teach my sister so build
confidence to do a backflip even though
I'm not professional
I know generally how you learn again the
first thing you want to do is be able to
do a backdrop guys so you want to just
jump on your back yeah not really like
that
what the hell was that no what that's
gonna hurt your back don't don't do that
ah I just want to say this guy's even
though I'm telling you what to do before
you listen to me you should probably go
watch like a professional video because
as you can see I'm not a great teacher
okay I think you're injuring yourself
more today oh oh no no like you're hurt
walked in this party here girls looking
skinny jeans only in the man hey hey run
a man on that booze run a man on that B
run a man on that boot hey bring them in
on that B smack alright so that is us
done with trampolining for now guys we
are dying wow alright thank you so much
blue oh boy guys you don't even realize
how hard it was for is I know it looks
like it's just jumping but it's not it's
like literally my heart was smacking you
I stopped Bob you can't do this you know
that helps me multiples like damn
anyways let's go I got my shoes boys and
that's it I just want to say rest and
peace to all the balloons that the kids
have let go and are stuck on ceilings
just like that a moment of silence for
that balloon guys
go this is the most unique cool machine
I've ever seen guys it looks like a
normal claw machine right you have the
toys you have the claw no it's got a
camera the claw has a camera so you
could aim at what what is the sniper
claw the camera is not even in the
middle you see that the camera is on the
left
so they cheating you run they cheating
you run alright everybody so I'm
actually in a wrap up today's look here
I'm going to say goodnight to every
single one if you tomorrow is gonna be
something different guys is actually
gonna be the start to a new journey on
this channel my first ever supercar guys
I want to do a lot with it and besides
from that I've actually got a lot of
things planned out within the next
couple of months that I want to do not
not only in terms of vlogging but actual
okay I don't even way back some things I
want to accomplish you know like you
know how lost yeah I've really wanted to
do the clothing line and stuff like that
and I ended up doing it I've got more
goals I'm trying to set myself and
achieve because I don't like seeing a
one spot you know we did the clothing
thing it was good for the time but I at
the moon I just can't find a permanent
way to do you know the way I was doing
it was like temporary but you know what
let's talk about what if this stuff
later I'll see you guys tomorrow I take
delivery of the Ferrari and yeah let's
just have fun with it man let's just
have fun all right good night I love you
all y'all yawn oh by the way don't
forget subscribe right now and you might
you might win a Ferrari in the lorry
tomorrow who knows who knows
stay positive guys I love you boy Oh
