yeah everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so today has already
started off awesome so if you guys
haven't seen yesterday's vlog which I
recommend you do basically I saw a dog
running in the street hello the weirdest
thing has just happened guys this dog
ran away from one of my neighbors I saw
him run and I don't know what to do
except for and follow him I decided to
chase it down my electric bike stopped
the dog and cooled the owner basically
the dog ran away but the owner actually
brought a letter this morning and it
says shake this I haven't opened it yet
it says to the people who found Louis
that's the dog's name so I thought it
opened a layer for the vlog and she
brought my mom's favorite dessert guys
these are from like Germany so that's
awesome
Oh Netherlands I'm sorry Netherlands
Netherlands guys I'm sorry I'm sorry
wait dear pure negative guy that's a
beautiful car dear people thanks for
holding onto Lois when she ran off last
night here are some Dutch cookies thank
you ah that is so sweet thank you so
much if you're watching this I'm not
sure if you are but that is an awesome
card and yeah you see guys I saved the
life I saved the life
no God please no since I bought this
pumpkin yesterday guys I want to take it
through a couple of tests okay first of
all I'm just gonna carve it normally
this is probably more dangerous than it
looks guys because I'm not a good cutter
so I want to try this without like
cutting my finger up okay oh my god okay
oh my god
yeah this this is probably not safe at
all this is so much harder than it looks
guys change a knife all right hopefully
this one works out better how do they do
this
I think we've done it guys I think we've
done it
oh come on ah I can't no you haven't
whoa oh my god this is gross oh look at
that
that is disgusting this stinks so bad
you know what guys I realize carving a
pumpkin it's not that fun you know I'm
just gonna go straight for the kill
let's do pumpkin versus my car let's do
this here goes nothing guys let's do
this that's what the pumpkin under my
car I'm gonna try to wedge it under here
oh we have a problem
it doesn't fit what my car you know what
we're gonna reverse on great guys we're
gonna reverse the car on to it there's
not enough space to this one over for
the run oh oh nice nice and snug okay I
think I think this will work guys
three two one
Oh yo check this out guys my tire print
is on the pumpkin that is crazy
do you see that guys all the rubber
marks his face is still there his face
is still there rest in peace mr. pumpkin
rest in peace guys he had a good one day
lifespan he died in one day verbally
celebrating Diwali I hope you have an
amazing day it's today and there's a
bunch of fireworks going on so hopefully
I'm gonna try and catch them on the vlog
behind the tree oh I can just about see
them dalit the tree is looking to view
our tree is blocking it you can't see
anything
it's behind the tree whoa pie art so
right now me and my family are about to
head out to see if there's some cool
celebrations outside and yeah we're just
about to leave right now
um whoa okay guys that's pretty scary
yeah okay yeah look at this boys we just
made it over to the spot you already
know you already know what it is time to
eat time to eat some food we all right
now watch we we're okay
silent Oh bad guys a lot of you actually
are silent was actually back in America
but who knows next time he's here we'll
definitely do some more blogs so we just
came to eat guys but look at the cool
decoration they have in terms of
lighting over here whoa I've got a lazy
eye what if your eyes is looking this
way I want them looking at me I swear I
swear this eyes looking that way what is
going on what do you mean I can't see it
so now that we're having our food guys
actually reminds me of something I'm not
sure if you guys watch my sister's vlogs
but the other day she loved making some
food and she microwave spaghetti yep yep
you heard me she microwave Respighi guys
so
translation there were some people like
you don't know how to cool I did mention
it was really ready like my mom had me
like Oh exposed so maybe oh my god and
our dessert just got here guys injured
into the one slice of cake they told us
one slice that does not look like once
that is that one whole damn cake burn to
him what that was slice are you setting
us truck or like there a choco choco
look at that that looks delicious guys
oh my god
Oh
all right we are now officially done oh
this is a heavy door so we just took a
family boat all right now guys all right
you guys let's go three two no I've been
other that's a nice family boat all
right there so they actually have a
different gaming section over here and
we found the craziest ride ever acavie
and Lana are gonna go horse riding guys
you heard me
we're gonna go racing horses on a track
you can vlog yourself there we go not a
you go get why do i blogging right if
you're gonna send a fight you blow
you're in the front go this is so
embarrassing guys I don't think this is
mess world seatbelts on
Oh God we're getting strapped in now oh
my gosh it's going up and down initially
is like a horse ride
you already know what's up round 2 round
2 I'm catching on to my sister look at
the point of view on this thing come on
hip-hip-hooray
honestly guys I think I'll wait to have
you for this date because I hear it like
squeaking it you're there's so many
horse piss coming on where you all are
you guys check out my horse ma come on
catch up catch up MA you're so behind oh
my god literally like this thing
actually goes like that oh my god my
brother's trying to catch up guys I won
the race so make sure each team Lana
loader squad in the building oh my god
my horse is bending my horse is
literally hi there you go I think I
killed my horse and I enjoyed I don't
think this guy enjoyed it I was like it
100 kilograms pathetic
you already know guys that's what's up I
just finished my horse racing a strange
puddle from the middle of nowhere
suspicious huh suspicious
yeah we're gonna knock knock are yo know
you know it's funny I go on scared and I
still hurt my mirror oh so bad you guys
are so much okay I saw her and I was
like yo turn up the lights cuz I was
getting into my karaoke I done that you
ruined my suit on every time I listen to
sorry I'm I'm getting scared
I'll be like this and you - Superman
don't put an aspen jumping alone sorry
if you guys have trouble watching shaky
images my sister as I shake your hand
nice only cool effect no God please no
none of our own guys
the first thing I want to show you look
oh my mom and sister bought from the
supermarket he's super tiny tangerines
let me tell you something about tiny
tangerines they are the most sour fruit
you're ever gonna trial I let me see I
haven't even tried it but I know they're
gonna be sour okay oh I swear I'm not
lying you stopped a show bad anyways
there's one thing I want to open that my
sister got from the fan mail today so
let me go grab it oh my god let's get
straight into this box
this is one extremely big box guys oh my
god what is this hahaha
boy I don't even know what this is guys
and some sort of exhaust is this
actually an exhaust I don't even know
thank you for the exhaust um yeah what
do you want me to do with this exactly I
don't know okay so I just read the
letter guys now I kind of have an idea
what this is basically they have a
racing team they were telling me this at
the event as well and this is a custom
exhaust system they made and another one
guys and another one I think I need to
say another thank you for the custom
exhausts I appreciate it I don't exactly
know if they fit onto my car but I will
keep them again I'm just gonna have them
as decoration I think they do look
awesome anyways guys as always I'm gonna
wrap up today's look here but before I
do there's actually one thing I need to
ask you guys to do this one little favor
for me I checked my analytics on my
channel and it's crazy 55 percent of my
daily viewers have forgotten to press
subscribe so that's one of you guys I
know only takes like five seconds but
trust me it makes a big difference to me
so I'd appreciate if you did that so go
down and press subscribe and be a part
of the your squad family we out your boy
blog extras guys I'm going around the
house showing everybody my new exhaust
system check it out we're in Lana's room
she's seen them but she doesn't know
what this is for this is for your car
we're fitting the Lambo would you
exhaust systems guys that's what's up
thanks again for the the exhausts I
appreciate that
alright no no no good
boy bull
