you're wrong what is up how you doing so
you guys can already tell I've swapped
out my camera today well I'm using my
big camera I haven't used this in a
while you're probably wondering why why
moe why are you not using a good camera
guys my arms they're skinny okay and
this camera is heavy I have to keep
switching arms like whoa whoa gonna
start today's vlog by unboxing something
I should have done a month ago okay this
this is one of my sister's birthday
gifts so let's get straight into it
well this camera is so HD so about three
weeks ago I did an unboxing to this
camera guys check it out the carbon
fiber a camera it's a phone it's a phone
mode the phone but what you didn't know
my sister actually had an iPhone before
me until now it's closed
she got a pink iPhone 7 guys so what I
do is finally open it this is the best
part about getting a brand new phone
guys opening you are you ready oh it
feels so good I'm so pink one thing I
have to do guys I can't not take off the
plastic on a brand new phone it listen
let's just listen to that noise it's so
satisfying I got there you go guys as
you can see we now have the 7 and 7 plus
so this is like a size comparison in
case you guys were wondering I'm gonna
go give Lana her new phone and then we
can go exercise let's do this
whoa
Oh oh my god the house is such a mess
today don't show me right now all right
peace out guys I'm leaving this place
this whole house is destructive right
now can you spot anything in this
picture that's alive
da-da-da-da-da it's kitty hey buddy
you're camouflaged in there whoa all
right guys time to go do some exercising
got my gear on let's try and lose this
belly let's do this
okay so so far right about a kilometer
guys and the police I am right now is
probably one of the creepiest places in
our whole area guys it's in between the
houses and the wall that separates the
street guys and it is spooky okay like
super super spooky so I'm gonna get out
of here as fast as I can
let's go let's continue the run I don't
like this place one-minute specially
when in front of you looks like this
whoa this is how you get out oh my god
all right guys we're not gonna call it a
wrap with my exercise I'm sweating so
bad I'm gonna take a shower by the way
look all the cool decorations our
neighbors have for Halloween boo boo now
that I got home check out who I just met
guys what's up what's up yeah I'm at a
bunch of you guys and this awesome yo-yo
Scott brought me a couple of gifts this
is 13 knots I'm on a diet bro man you're
killing me and he brought me drums
that's awesome thank you so much a
shout-out to all if you man shoutout to
all of you Yolo Yolo
it was also meeting you guys outside but
I do have to say the worst thing you can
get after trying to exercise is a
Nutella cookbook guys
Wow are you serious I shout out to that
your is good but you just you ruin my
diet man you ruined my diet lawn does
not take me see the struggle is you can
make desserts out of the teller right
yeah that is what I'm not Teleca cook is
now you know what's what happen to my
child that's right Lana's attempt at
playing drums amazing that's how you get
a party start with the drums come hey
we're having way too much fun with the
drums right now okay let me go teetee
shine let me go take a shower now here
is I wanna quickly get ready to head out
right now we're actually going to the
supermarket and we're going to be taking
my electric bike me and mummy moles da
da da da alright I'm probably not even
gonna end up vlogging a lot of acres
yeah I can barely ride it alone let
alone my mum in the back so if we fall
and die we did this for you woah
seriously to me guys here goes nothing
guys let's go
mommy hop on let's do this it's a first
I wanna hear I'm gonna need you to hold
the camera for me though okay oh oh hold
the camera for the camera all right
let's go oh my god
okay we are we're on the road right now
guys this is so bad guys like oh my god
honestly I wanna try vlog with one hand
this is crazy
ah oh my god we're on the road or on the
road I'm vlogging with one hand this is
not safe okay we're gonna go over to the
supermarket guys as you can see mommy
rose on the back all right I'll catch
you guys once we get there alive okay I
don't want to die now that was a
lot of fun guys okay let's switch this
bad boy off and go outside you can just
put the brake on whoo we're here boys
we're here and the cool thing is guys it
has like a proper key so people think I
came with a car and I'm just holding my
car keys right now check out what they
actually have in our supermarket guys
they've got a bunch of pumpkins with
faces on them that is actually really
really dope and they've got also carved
pumpkins look at that I've actually
never carved a pumpkin before guys do
you think I should do it for the vlog I
think I should buy one and carve it you
want to get a pumpkin if you want I'm
just gonna pumpkin I we're gonna get a
pumpkin God Jimmy
it's a Mia we came with a bike guys yo
okay the weirdest thing has just
happened guys this dog ran away from one
of my neighbors I saw him run and I
don't know what to do except for and
follow him like he's running and he
won't stop
what okay the thing is he'll get tired
so I'm gonna keep following him so I can
call them and say where he is but it is
so weird like he jumped out the car and
he started running and look at him he's
still got to stop what are you doing
buddy
what okay guys I'm gonna try with the
camera down and stop him visit you can
run for you oh my god so annoying
all right be right back so this is a
really weird scenario guys I caught up
to him I'm holding him here he's a
really nice dog
but I can't get into contact the number
I'm calling is just not working he's
actually a really good dog he's not
moving so yeah I'm gonna just try and
call again so I'll keep you guys updated
but I'm here with a dog and I'm just
holding him here I told him to sit any
set so that's all a few moments later
they're coming now to pick him up whoa I
look like a mess oddly I was chasing her
down I put down my bike and every time I
put down my bike you'd start running
again so at the end I just thought I'd
dropped it on the floor just to catch
him out like stop stop and he stopped
and sat down so who's a good boy they're
coming for you I rescued a dog today
which is oh really crazy to think about
it Louis guys her name is Louis Luce
Dutch dog Oh Dutch dog okay so Louis was
actually scared of the fireworks guys
that's why she ran but there you go back
home you go peace anyways for now we're
heading off home guys I actually called
my mum so my mum saw the lady searching
for the dog and she was like mo keep the
dog down I came mom I'm already keeping
it there like I knew it escaped so
that's why I went off trip well there
you go that's also bad I thought I saved
the dog today there you go guys I saved
the dog for now I'm actually heading out
with my family guys and some friends
we're actually going to somewhere
special song catch you guys once we get
there so check it out guys I just made
it over to the IMG row today and today I
actually have a special event going on
does that load the zombies in there so
let's go and see what's up
if anything happens this is legal
purposes alright so we just got into the
park guys this place is really creepy at
the moment
oh my god
compared to last time that we were here
this place looks really really different
and yeah there's like loads of zombies
coming around to place yourself yeah
it's not unpleasant trust me
damn my eyes is honestly I'm trying to
watch out for anything around me but
this this flashing light is not helping
the situation
I am like super sad right now with my
mom like this River filter there's
zombies everywhere I thought I were
walking on the floor and it's like it's
super scary guys yeah I don't know I
think we're gonna go for a ride
we're inside the haunted hotel right now
and look at the people here okay let's
go so right now we're heading over to
the big ride they have over here which
is super scary
check out the decorations though today
like they've taken the decorations to
another level right now so let's go
let's go let's go hello y'all look at
this guy's
that was crazy
Wow okay so we just got off that ride
guys that was crazy yeah I couldn't even
blog off three like that is the most
intense ride you're ever going to go on
anyways we're gonna go around see what's
up it's actually a 1 a.m. right now so I
think we got in the last ride we're in
the middle of an empty road
guys Lana's summoner inner demons her
inner demons are coming out nice to see
a buddy hanging right there guys let's
get out of here let's get out of here
anyways boys for now we're heading a
whole crazy crazy time over here was
something all the right I know these
guys we came late it was my fault but we
did get to go in the best part Sorrell
in the haunted hotel and we went in the
like the Velociraptor that briefed us
ride it was dope but now I'm gonna wrap
up today's lucky I hope you have enjoyed
also also they turned out really crazy
but yeah I'll catch you guys some more
for another vlog I just wanna say I love
every single one of you we're this close
to 2 million if not we might have hit it
when this video is out so I can't thank
you enough just as always even though
we're two million tell your kids tell
your wives tell your husband's let's get
three million ok let's do this I love
you cachito more yellow yellow good boy
