yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so if you guys can't
already tell my voice is dying right now
I'm really really sick today but today
there's actually a bunch of cool stuff
going on I'm gonna head over to my
friends see what's happening today and
yeah there should be some cool cars cool
people and a bunch more stuff going on
so let's go you know it's crazy look I
see on the road right now there's Sun
we got the Bugatti oh yeah this is so
random guys like I was on the road and
we just have to light Bugatti right next
to us this is a beast on the road guys
oh wow look at that so we just made it
over here to the hotel I'm meeting up
with everybody look at this view man
Burj Khalifa wow this is actually called
the palace this place is the palace guys
so hi everybody so check it out I just
made it over to the squat and as you can
see today there's like another Lambo
event I kind of feel like a rebel right
now guys I'm wearing a Ferrari jacket
but it was on accident I promise you
guys all the cars are heading out here
guys one by one by one
oh look at is check it out we also have
a special guest today
Shmi is out here what's up blood section
guys he's out with the bike and you
already know the king of cars the king
of guys
find me all I can hear explosions going
on oh my goodness we just got crashed by
a Ferrari dance I'm talking you ruined
our for you guys but I have to say look
at my jacket
oh yeah get out of this club
you can't get much better lighter than
we have right now
I just want you to know every time we
come out with these cars we take over
like the streets are ours guys - the
pattern is our the town the whole
country
this is one line of lamborghini sounds
like
why
so we just made it over to our
destination boys those a short drive but
when you're really nice one the cars are
all pulling in I think we're gonna take
some Falls
god damn I just got here for 20 minutes
and all of that's happened already so
pretty cool now this one's a beast guys
oh my god this is the ear death and
they're right here that's one oh that's
what I like to call it we also got the
main man himself what salsa daddy no and
there you go that is the lineup of cars
guys whoa I had to catch up property
wish me off in a drive day that was
awesome he's around the world at all
these garments guys I guess I McLaren I
don't even know what you have anymore
like you just keep ordering cars i I'm
getting a laugh Ferrari next we don't
eat either echoing oh my god no reminds
me yeah well I honestly I didn't mean it
that way guys I swear I go set a toy for
GT for Ford and I was like that's it I'm
done I mean I've done this but I call I
can't wait to see is this gonna be great
moment when I'm gonna come up with other
color you're just secret it's secret
I like that I like that love I think we
have officially taken over the city
whoops like an area over here I think we
can easily hey we're probably going to
destroy this area like this hair look at
how many is founded it feels like a be a
great event for like Beyonce right now I
look at this guy's
there's like crowds of people everywhere
and their cars are lining up this is
just insane oh I think we might get
kicked out hysteria because I don't
think they want too much noise here and
everywhere so we just gave down some
coffee guys and they recognized the
channel and they had a surprise for us
look at this yeah so we got like the
biggest sundae they have over here Wow
are you ready to have that
by the way guys they've lined up the
Lamborghinis in a way which it makes the
UAE blacks they put a line of red
Lamborghinis in the front and then you
have green white and black just like the
flag so something pretty cool is gonna
happen right now guys I told you that
they put the cars in a formation where
it looks like the flag guys and I'm
actually gonna go above the building and
show you guys so let's go let's go let's
go yo what's up man by the way we got a
bunch of your squad out here what's up
with something outside buddy they out
here anyways let's go upstairs guys I
check it out all right now we're going
up the stairs the building that's got
let's go actually pretty cool that we're
gonna have like a bird's-eye view to
Agartha
oh I have to my stairs exercise
oh wow up that no way
that's where we came from guys that's
crazy oh look at that all the way down
there oh wow ah I just tripped up on the
metal guys down Oh
oh wow so check it out we're on the
building right now guys and if you can
see that the cars are down there this is
insane Wow
guys I feel like I'm watching over the
world right now this is pretty cool it
we got everybody up here what's up oh
that was a workout to come up here Lau
I'm dying right now I'm trying to get a
bow as close as I can to the edge
without falling guys but I'm about to
kill myself but you can't convince me
not you know even even from up here you
can heal or hear all of the cars guys
they're loud they're actually about to
head out so we're gonna kind of see them
we'll go one by one power again just in
case you want to know how high up we are
look at this guy's yo my man's trying to
kill himself right now
calm down Oh God you can actually build
a
I'm gonna go down there join everybody
I'm done up you guys high priests a
voice Pisa
have fun I'm gonna go down and join
everybody again boys before they leave
me but Wow from up here everything is so
crazy guys hi let's go boys that's gone
it's gone let's go now is the experience
of going to pre-k we're heading out of
here there's a crazy look at this I feel
like a celebrity right on this card -
hey guys as a mature exciting like yes
I'm so sad guys are so many ladies
looking at us
I needed a business card guys this is no
ordinary excellence this is the
Lamborghini sports exhaust system they
up it's killer I were back at the palace
guys it's night it's beautiful and your
Dino is it's quiet we're in the loud
beast we're just gonna we're gonna
respect the quietness guys we're not
gonna roar anymore
now I love at night the buttons guys are
so red and glowing spheres on their
constant use he's like futuristic yeah
you're like an alien spaceship for now
guys I'm heading off home let's go let's
go let's go we had an amazing day so let
me go clean up because I messed up my
t-shirt and then we can continue okay
let's get it oh okay I'm five-year-old
voice oh my goodness I'm dying by the
way I need to change my shirt straight
away so I had a pretty bad fall while I
was at the event anyways check it out in
the cookie I'm over here mommy ma I love
it going my mom guys she she's not vlog
ready at it so right now I'm fully ready
I changed my shirt it's clean now I'm in
Baltimore heading out to the mall so we
want to go to the corral to see some
cool things we can buy for the house to
decorate a bit more guys you already
know our house is awful so we need to
start decorating so let's go guys I
check the door make sure it's locked
Oh
ah so the thing is guys because it's
national day today is I extremely packed
wherever you go we have to come a park
on the roof like look you can see the
sky above me but we're gonna do some
shopping
I actually think today's like the last
day where they have big sales going on
so that's why we came out to do some
shopping today so let's go and see what
we can find
as you can see that the bunch of shows
going alright now guys this crazy like
today a national celebration so I just
came over to the sports store guys and I
met Oliver all the way from England
right he's here at Holiday and he
recognized me so shout out to him man
any messages to your friends back home
yeah yelling oh Lord
and she said so me and my mom quickly
came over to the sports shop and I'm not
sure if I mentioned this two or three
days ago but two or three days ago we
came to this workshop and I actually
ordered myself this boxing bag set up so
the boxing bag finally got here this is
it guys as you can see so in two or
three days time they're gonna deliver
the whole setup to my house and that
means I can start exercising in the
garden so yeah you know boxing with Mo
coming in guys so we just came into the
gaming section guys I check it out
instead these guys will sell a son
sharra to all my peeps a TI
alright guys so check it out I came into
the gaming section and you might be
wondering who I with look who I met up
with guys my boy thuggin um run the
lighting guy you got cream creams cousin
cream and then bail by now you guys
should know I'm the basketball king and
even though I'm sick I'm gonna make sure
I whup his ass for you guys alright I
said let's do it guys I'm gonna predict
the scores 60 and 40 no I say anything
that's me you know that he's really
pretty Joe I'm Seri maybe we could um
think if I knew I'm sick oh no we have a
sine wave
hey hey calm down man Marley guys bring
him from one to ten ladies how good does
he look today don't you look nice that's
what she do so that's what she lose I'm
sorry there's no friends yeah sure sure
step back
let's go Kareem did you steal one of his
balls no ball one
did you win no wasted you in Oh
I'm so upset deep down look all of these
tickets I won the jackpot I won the
jackpot Oh Cheers
we just finished up playing our games
guys and we're redeeming all the points
that's what's up look at imagine getting
all of those that'd be the crazy one
these we always decide to keep the
tickets after you give enlightenment to
most of them away and we gave like most
our tickets away this is the last game
guys so and we still have a good amount
the basketball game we just played
wasn't hard enough so we're going to
play a harder one right now check it out
Kareem's going for the shot oh
come on guys we can do it still cheating
Oh
anyways Oh Jewish side guys the boys are
heading out for today good bye brother
see you soon see you soon if you want to
make him happy subscribe to my channel
subscribe to these channels Moe blogs
well blogs yeah subscribe to more vlogs
that make move much 2.0 alright guys so
I just finished up with my friends I
look who I'm back with mum Bebo so while
I was go with my friends she went and
did like a makeup session guys like a
makeup artist did her makeup and as you
can see let me know what you guys think
anyways ratting out all the stores are
closing now so let's go let now I told
you the stores are cozy I'm not lying as
I all of them are shut by the way
something cool you see that thing that
thing with the blue lights that is the
top of the indoor skiing slope like you
know how they have an indoor skiing
place that's the top of it right there
so that's where it starts and you go
down ja that is school now we Doris
this dinosaur 4301 tie my birth into a
life now
yo this is actually really really random
we stopped by a local supermarket to get
some groceries but look at what cars
parked over here one it's a dark blue g
4x4 squared like if you're I don't know
this is actually a really rare car to
see specially parked outside our
supermarket look at that now that this
cars close to us guys look at the
suspension on this beast like it is
actually a monster will you anyways I
should say one thing before I run for
today's vlog guys yesterday when I
announced I'm going to be doing cash
giveaways a lot of you loved it so I'm
actually also going to be doing some
cash giveaways on my Instagram so the
only rule is make sure to follow my
Instagram the names gonna be right here
and I'm going to post a photo of
something but the description will say
Cash Giveaway
and yet the rules will be on my
Instagram so if you guys want to win
some more cash follow me on Instagram
and check out my latest post anyways I'm
actually dying guys I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here before you guys click
off this video please make sure to
subscribe so you're part of the euro
Scott family and as always I'll catch
gasps tomorrow Yolo Yolo
oh yeah Leon Oh peace out bow
