yo yo everyone what is some good morning
welcome to another vlog my sister is
actually gonna start today's vlog of her
and my mum are heading out to the post
office I don't know what's happened but
the guy keeps calling us and says you
need to be here now so I'm pretty sure
there's a lot of fan now so you guys are
gonna join them and go get the fan mail
so I'll see you guys and once you get
back ok let's do this boy Bowl ok guys
so we just got the mail and it's
seriously a lot oh my god let me show
you how many boxes like you have to push
it in this little thing over here this
is probably by far the biggest amount of
mail we got check this out
ok guys we just managed to fit it all
into the boot so yeah let's go home
mommy's busy over there mommy's like the
manager you know working hard day and
night she woke up early today and yeah
she's been busy with my brother and so
my mom and sister just got home from the
post office guys so let's go ahead and
see what we got that
holy they are so lucky they did not
take the Lambo guys that one was sent to
the wrong px yeah so but they finally
managed to find it
Wow look how many okay that's so at
there's more oh it's Christmas time it's
Christmas we sound like a yo-yo squad
Christmas tree I never said oh my god
that'd be a good Christmas special oh
man that looks huge I'm going okay
anyways right now I'm actually heading
out boys because it's one of my boys
birthdays and you guys know very well
you know fati yes it's his birthday
today so I need to go I'm already late
guys
so yeah let's just go and let's start
popping some bottles I'm sure I choking
guys went off on photos but let's go
have some fun
alright guys so I quickly came when I
got my gift let's go head over to my boy
Fadi and rush it and yeah let's start
singing happy birthday guys I love the
rap dated on it it's like gold and white
and obviously guys you know what I got
I'm the worst birthday shopper so it
just had to be some random perfume I
found we made it guys check it out we're
with the birthday boy just turned 25
years old 2001 just made it I just made
it here right now 25 years strong guys
25 years strong yeah less than 13 years
oh yeah why's everybody exposed to you
today yeah no way Amelia that's what's
up that's what's up okay so I haven't
even seen these guys the priority washes
got me a two million subscriber custom
Mike yard love me hug me all right
starting into my birthday today cause I
say I thought it was bristly let's do
this
I'm sweating over here I want to see
these all the white paper moments
oh no way no way your envy shut up no
way Oh smell those you gotta do like
what Fat Joe does lick the soul come on
bro don't my price went up there's a
segment from this man yellow yellow
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday to you
hurry I think that night is legal y'all
sit down calm down bro huh
do you already know guys I'm having like
hospicio of chocolate cake right now but
let us off this chocolate cake ever even
though it's Patty's birthday we're not
treating him special guys so we're gonna
has no idea
crazy dough batter garlic chicken leg
you know what that's it we're done with
this skating bs man a little bit like
I've been running for a mom oh this is
actually like you sweat ice-skating
which is pretty weird guys like nothing
that's supposed to happen that they were
just so bad restarts leg now good this
blues it's like when you have to go to
the best and you're holding it in for
like two hours that feels like that oh
so you're taking off your skates feels
like you go to the bathroom after like
three hours of holding any I don't know
what you do in the bathroom bro but mine
does not feel like that oh it feels like
this look at me sweating like I just ran
a marathon for you I just want to show
you the struggles of coming out with
Russian and the crew guys he's on his
phone Fatty's on his phone at nods on
his phone I'm just talking to myself
that's something healthy stuff I don't
know how you're eating that bro and then
you put it there
would you like that you professionally
oh my goodness
a lot yep this clutch that's I kick it
you know
like divert to the sky not many people
could say they ever Mariana we got 30
seconds for Instagram that actually got
them uh 30 50 50 shining bright light we
and oh oh we're like Rihanna I don't
know what's happening guys but it's
back-to-back Rihanna
I think people I think she's following
us we found love in a hopeless place we
found love in your concert we bound
Rihanna look I'll make a deal with you
if we get married I'll take your loss
theme so I'll be Latino give me the
Mustang and our Jersey the Mustang and
he will change his middle name to
Rihanna
and he will shave his eyebrows happy
birthday dear Bobby happy birthday those
soldier boy was at Roger's house and
when he saw a sneaker collection I've
never seen a reaction like this before
gay
oh my god what the hell is he this guy
was this is actually so crazy you guys
don't even realize what happened then
they're playing hockey right now and the
puck just hit here did you hear that yo
not gonna hit my face woo this is
actually so so cool right now guys like
I've never watched off the game properly
but this is actually a cool place to
start like we can sit here watch it oh
oh oh he's trying to kill him
Oh
scramble oh oh oh oh you got it wrong
you got it oh oh oh that's a fight break
here so we just came over to the Jordans
store guys and I want to show them
something they're never gonna see in
their life okay what is it cuz you
already know the damn cuz sorry we got
to see your facial expression on
you have to really cut out yeah I was
about to say come on down we got to see
you jump for joy I want to see a
backflip damn damn I like that look at
look at the lip and look inside of the
lip oh damn dick oh hey awesome Isaac oh
gosh you see what it says in that MV oh
did you did you even show them the two
million well I didn't even show the
blowjob
can you show us look at it two million
can they see that can they see yes they
can't all perfect see us MV hey my boy
Washington I wanna fun in the world
you guys don't yeah yeah
come on bro it's your shoe oh I actually
wore those went in the bathroom with
them and I stepped on a toilet this is
the first time I'm seeing this shoe it's
like a suede purple shoe bomb pretty
sure none of us have it you're Russian
Russian do you have these shoes these
are nice your system yeah but can you
get them immense or no oh that's why by
the way guys this is Mark the manager
you already know aka the plug aka the
boss two million is a million nice this
is a mess rolling if you go to the road
there's only one way to roll I like that
I like that yeah at nods baby you
already know what he's gonna wear you
know who did it
my price went up daddy my price went up
I just made my first million Betty wait
where did you take that from was it in
there wait
I swear it had its own compartment yeah
well then it's a man name oh there's a
magnet inside it Oh cuz they just got
stuck on there wah-ha-ha-ha sit here
I'll computer out of this Wow
you see guys you see I don't even need
to put it boom Wow like that alright
peace out Eddie see you next time for
now they're heading out but my birthday
boy stay awesome I love you guys anyway
as always boys for now I'm heading up
home today an awesome day with the boys
as veteran it was Paddy's birthday so
you know I had to spend time with them
every time I turn on the radio I hear
Rihanna guys it's some weird thing going
on listen
all right so I just went home boys I
she's so so tired the thing is I might
be heading out again right now so my
boys Romney and Ryan called me
apparently they're like the studio cuz
you guys know they do their wrapping
stuff and I've never been actually I
think I may have I ever been to a studio
no I've never been to like a recording
studio so I want to go see what it's
like so yeah first of all I need to go
to the toilet guys I don't even want you
guys to know what's going on my belly ah
ah it's messed up hey guys for now I'm
heading out so peace out family I'm
going to the studio so I'll see you guys
on the other side so check it out I just
made it over to the studio BAM we gotta
come by all of us and we got the two
brothers over here and this is my first
time I studio really yes I don't think
I've ever been before so I will you up
too bro so making music why Eminem man
you need to take Eminem's spot right now
I think a minute you're gonna have a
name to the day diver actually you know
what we should do we should call him
white something else white 50 cent how
about that that makes more sense tone
the vlog guys you want to change your
name you have one chance to change it or
11 white puck white Tupac or you guys
eaten in Vegas hole I'm giving you
chances so there are 11 how about once
are 11 no we don't want a real name we
had you have to be white something why
are you guys wearing the same clothes by
the way that's kind of weird every time
you go out how we can know you're both
doing white t-shirts on a red hat what
the hell guys trying to be like you but
I'm not a rapper doh
but I don't know a rapper yo yo yo my
name is mo I kill the flow censored
censored no I didn't say that guys I
didn't say that this is a soundproof
door look how thick it is so when you
close this what yo this is so hard to
close guys ah we're getting them
exclusives right now and your boy looks
like KKK right now one day I'm gonna get
copyright
for this you by a cop is gonna be my try
no Cocker if he copyrights me guys I'm
exposing that tell me what you got going
on got out to DJ bliss is do difference
yeah by the way guys this place that
we're at right now this is DJ Bliss's
recording studio we met him a couple
days ago on the vlog so yes this is like
the recording is actually where I
recorded right before I went to LA when
I was like 19 20 21 my first like real
EP project and son I recorded the song
at my friend's house but it didn't come
out that great no I'm sorry guys like it
basically it was just unprepared but you
know who knows man I know it's hard
though you know what I feel like the
thing is guys we're here nobody else is
here and there's a bunch of expensive
stuff so DJ bliss if some of this goes
missing
it wasn't me yeah it wasn't me watching
us right now
oh there's actually CCTV guys oh my god
yo we saw his eyes on us right now
that's the spot right now a hands up DJ
bliss don't don't worry DJ we're not
touching anything right now so weird
things happened in the studio right now
guys we were just jamming to some songs
and then there's two new people in the
studio with us right now what the hell
is going on hey damn son we got the
elephant and the kanger is that a
kangaroo I don't even know imagine if
you just get punched you can't even see
ever oh whoa oh oh oh there son hey hey
looking like a balls yo for now I'm
actually heading off you guys stop super
sick and I don't want to get these guys
sick so peace out see you soon yeah if
you got sick I'm sorry no new music
coming out from our escape for two years
guys because of me I anyways deuces re
awesome I am out let's go
as mentioned I need to head out if your
voice is really really late by the way
just in case you didn't know this is DJ
bliss we saw him on the blog as I
mentioned but this is like his studio so
pretty cool place pretty cool place I
found him alight let's go ahead and
close the door and let's head up home
hi everybody now they're moving to say
goodnight to every single what if you by
the way do you do one thing for me
before you click off today's vlog is
make sure to hit the subscribe button if
you haven't already but yeah guys I'll
catch you guys some more I love you all
and yeah tomorrow I'm paying for my car
okay
but I don't think I'm allowed to drive
it out just because I don't have
insurance yet so yeah anyways I catch
you guys tomorrow let's see how it goes
and yeah as always
yeah Leon oh boy Oh
