yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so to start off today's
vlog I actually want to take my bike and
go shopping at the supermarket guys I
feel so embarrassed though it literally
looks like something like old people
would use guys he shoutian your squad
let's go shopping it's actually really
hard to ride with one hand so I don't
think blogging is the best decision it
really makes me think I'm gonna fall so
I'm gonna put you guys down until I get
there so check it out I made it over to
the supermarket with this thing guys and
it is scary on the road guys when you're
like on a road with a bike now you know
why your parents don't want you to buy
like a proper one guys because if
anything even taps me I'm gone all we
need is some ice cream guys I actually
really want to make another milkshake
that's why I'm buying this and some ice
cream cones oh there you go guys I just
got my shopping I'm gonna hang it on my
little bike over here and take it home
also I just ran into these awesome guys
what's up what's up hey guys all the way
from UK they're here on holiday and he's
got a pretty full schedule any tricks on
it yeah alright let's watch this guys I
always have to test people let's do this
can you do any tricks on this thing for
me imagine the bike actually is
off-roading right now oh yeah this is
really hard one thing I have to say
about his bike guys it is so much fun
like I'll just like strolling along the
street I really oh ok shaky shaky shaky
I feel on top of the world right now
this really makes me wanna buy a proper
bike guys like this is tempting me so
bad in case you guys wanted to see the
difference between my bike and a proper
bike here is guys when you put my next
to the sports bike it just it doesn't
look that great guys okay there you go
that's my little shopping trip you know
what's funny
it's actually on low battery right now
which means it's gonna turn off any
second now I'm not sure if you guys can
see this is high medium low
time have some icecream that is amazing
right now I'm heading out to go see some
of my friends guys they're actually here
from America you guys should know them
so let's go see what's up I'm going over
to my boy mo and a nods house right now
so let's go and have some fun guys so I
was just about to head out guys but
check out who I met what's up these guys
watch the videos and they actually
brought me some dates and some gifts
guys so thank you so much yeah they're
my neighbors guys what's up what's up
they're like my number one promoters
guys they like share my videos around so
thank you guys I appreciate it
yo check it out guys so it's going bad
everybody know what it is I just made it
my voice place we got the white
everything in the building who do by I'm
chillin with Moe Bock's the best that
doesn't already know
whorish gays back the guy Eminem is back
boys over here I've been your boy boy
if you want a man that can cook fatty is
your guy check it out oh oh dad that
doesn't look that nice to have to be
honest with you you're gonna like it
though really I'm going to get you off
the fried chicken and get you into pasta
we're looking at non starts right now
I like that full screen right now hey
yeah they don't call him white Eminem
for no reason guys he knows how to spit
some bars so he's gonna debut his new
track called
ocean for us today when he raps hey guys
tell me honestly if you like it or not
because if you do I might start selling
the song online so he's gonna debut it
here for you guys and tell us how good
it is I'm gonna produce rap everything
else touch of a button okay we want to
see this guy's this is Drake Drake guys
oh it sounds good with all chewed guys I
don't know how these guys do with Robbie
all day long like he's constantly
playing this stuff like that listen
listen listen and ever since he came
back about to jump into the beach and
never come back
oh yeah fatty in the kitchen Stage three
he's trying to impress the ladies today
he's killing it layering is what would
you call this again I forgot the song
called a sonic lasagna so my boy RSK
actually bought a brand new camera guys
this thing is like a vlogging camera
from the future guys we're talking
futuristic alcohol look at this guy's
there was like a huge hype about these
when they first came out there still is
and they call them the vlogging camera
of the future now if you don't know what
this is guys it's like a gimbal cameras
out so basically this as much as you
shake your hand around it makes your
video like very
move the case so if you like double tap
this I'm gonna try out you double tap
this it should straighten it you see
that really freaky it's like this
futuristic thing if I triple tap it it's
gonna turn around at me okay 1 2 3 whoa
hi guys as you can see you can see
yourself on the screen that is so weird
so I'm gonna double tap it so it looks
the other way again 3 2 1
bow-bow and as you can see whoa
so you get this really like smooth shot
every time you move around I know I do
it weird guys it's super like crazy and
futuristic but I thought I'd show you to
make some noise it's got like a fan in
there right when you press record it
stops though what one two three selfie
mode am i look thank you my god damn on
me series wow that is what you cool
anger-management guys my boy fatty
hooked it up what's going on perfection
I made this out I'm gonna try out what
bloody made he made something is on you
guys here goes nothing a moment of truth
is I think we need a round of applause
for fatty for cookie later good you
found hey what you think about town now
that's sadly when I was working I was
the world heart go okay guys so I just
sold my boy brought me he's washing his
shoes right now
I was got to look clean I was got a
little fresh I've never seen something
to do that before especially not in the
dishwasher and you put any really
serious in the dishwasher oh my god
that's all for my shoes right there oh
but I'll take it take it take it to a
place you've never seen I'll do exactly
what I do with these lyrics I am always
clean like mr. clean like a shave my
head everything is off the top today I
guarantee you this pose about to be
busting out flows ain't never and
they're gonna drive you insane rapper
don't know any reason was for now I'm
heading out now's our little rap session
with Morris K and Ravi del Romney I like
that oh yeah okay we have some people at
the door guys
let's run I think they're here for a
sound complaint so please good bye guys
see you soon he fatty that food was
amazing I love you for that
can you say he liked my salad priest I
dare say that I said your salad to us
away I'll show my floor I'm sorry
they're gonna stalk you for life yeah
even though they can't even get to your
floor the security won't let them in
don't by the way lets me through eyes
look at this husky oh my god
oh my god okay I'm dog attack oh they
know each other all day no you okay that
makes sense guys I got scared for a
second until next time bro until next
time till next time
comment down below should I make a rap
song hey I think you should because
we're gonna make the best raps on y'all
hotels hurt it might be cool Yolo Yolo
raps also sans color who thinks he
should do his own
and I got a challenge for you guys
upload videos on YouTube and call them
old blogs dawns and I'll go through them
and then if they're good enough I'll try
them out okay holla holla holla boom
alright so I just needed back home guys
from chillin with my friends awesome
just seeing them as I did tell you when
I saw them they just got back from
America they were out there for ages so
I had to go by say what's up but now
we're home so let's get cracking lucky
with the night okay so I'm actually
gonna be putting the shelves on this
corner of my wall so it's going to be
like a v-shape guys so that further ado
let's get started
so in case you guys are wondering how
I'm going to drill this onto the wall
guys it's actually really cool check
this out inside look at this guy's ah
you drill this part onto the wall and as
you see it kind of slides on so you just
like imagine this is on the mall right
now you slide this into this okay let
boom alright let's do it guys this is
gonna be the first time I ever drill a
wall so I picked this okay I'm not sure
guys we literally have no clue on what
we're doing so we're just we're just
gonna Yolo me okay it's time to do this
whoa the battery's dying no oh so we
just found the proper drill guys let me
show you the difference see this is what
we were using and this is the proper
drill all right let's go for it this one
even makes electricity sparks look at
this oh yeah that we made a new
invention guys look at this we have a
rotating bar hole number two guys let's
do this
we finally managed to get this on the
wall guys it was actually a very hard
mission it was a very very hard mission
but we finally did it and yeah now we
just screw okay we just did a lot of
screwing so it took me a good half an
hour to put this on the old guy but it's
finally on there pretty pretty solid
I'll say I did a good job guys so let's
put this on there and see how it looks
guys I care for now I'm calling it quits
guys my room is literally and explosion
like what is going on over here I'm
actually gonna continue putting the
other shelves on tomorrow guys because
I'm sweating and I need to go to sleep
right now so for now or calling it quits
I hope you enjoyed today's vlog if you
did smash the like button now catch you
guys tomorrow okay
Eliana goodbye bow
