yo guys what is that welcome to another
vlog so you already know who it is guys
mo vlogs in the building and today I
have something special for you guys I
bought a brand new bike boom we have a
brand new electric bike in the house
guys the bike is now registered under my
plate number guys you already know my
custom Molag plate number check it out
before we head out guys I just want to
show you this has a lock there you go
unlock the one see what happens if you
try and steal it okay here this is your
imagine this is yours okay it's so
professional I'm gonna pretend like I'm
rubbing myself I am okay guys look at
that you see you guys it's on Rob not
balanced cobbling is stark
it's even got serious let's go oh my
gosh
he caught ah the brakes are up coming
down sir oh my god whoa what are you
doing so as you can see I'm worried
you're professional at this let's do
this over on the roads right now
be careful there's a speed bump guys we
out you on the bike sir let's just be
real for a second guys
this is not safe at all so do not try
this at home
we're breaking with our feet right now
show them that watch is that is how you
break you don't even realize how crazy
this is okay I'm in the passenger seat
you're I'm just telling you it's hard
it's hard I swear she's gonna drop us
guys oh my god okay okay okay okay okay
guys she's literally gonna kill us right
now she has no idea how are you check
this out we drifting in the streets cars
there's my new bike guys I hope you
enjoyed listen to my engine guys
Lamborghini v12 baby mmmmmm I grab some
more refuse my shaky
well got my custom plate numbers yeah um
okay
as you can see yeah guys we literally
sellotape these on that we've got one at
the back guys
don't don't bend it don't you're bending
huh there you go guys
all right now let's go inside before
they find out these were fake let's go
let's go let's go push the bike here we
go straightly wanna come it's even good
it's a light you see that yeah Oh on
okay Oh her and we're end after months
and months of convincing my mom to buy a
bike guys she still didn't do it man
she's still now I'm stuck with this we
said go Greenville and you didn't go go
green helping the planet every day
that's what I like to do that's nothing
else to say about I say anyways guys
right now I'm actually heading out to go
see my friends they're down from Abu
Dhabi so let's quickly get a drink of
water one more thing before I head out
guys you see this on the floor this
thing let me just kick it a little bit a
kid literally threw it and ran up at the
CCTV footage now this kid just thought
to drop this by and he ran and as you
can see I don't know what is in there
and I don't really want to find out
because the way he threw it doesn't make
me want to check to be honest like it
just looks like there might be something
creepy in there so yeah you can stay
right there for now and I'll be back for
you later on so I just made over to the
mall guys but this car caught my
attention is it just me or do BMW owners
go for exotic colors and they really do
look good guys I this is like a yellowy
gold I don't know what to call this
color but honestly it looks nice
they it looks super nice anyways my
friends are at Starbucks having some
coffee right now such typical white
girls they are white girl number one
a white girl number two so me and the
boys came over to the gaming station
they put this like really weird
gravity game like this thing literally
sucks you to the side I've never been on
this ride so I'm really excited look at
it like so weird oh my god
you have to lean back here we're not
gonna die trust me it's not gonna go
down go go down the move so I'm not sure
if you've heard what the guy said guys
apparently the floor is gonna disappear
and we're gonna flow oh my God look at
this we're all flowing what is going on
I feel so weird I feel like I'm gonna
vomit right now oh my God look at Kareem
right now but they're gonna feel so bad
you're gonna feel so bad when it gets
down wow that was crazy coming back that
was a great really feel like know of
every time jump I have never experienced
that guys we were literally old flying
and this guy was super Manning in there
like what the hell was that
I need the page of that money that was
so amazing that was the best ride ever
amazing I love it
I know that does the worst was my name
you know when you say you want to fly as
a kid yeah then it doesn't feel the same
guys when you're off the air your belly
just feel sick like oh I don't really
see how I've never had a pelican oh
right like I love right yeah it's crazy
we're gonna play a friendly game of
basketball right now guys I'll show you
the widget I'm gonna window so it's
right even if it's not Randy
25 boom boom so we just create all came
to have some food guys and I love the
drinks over here so cheers to no gravity
total today yo guys we're back on the
floor now I mean cheers to gravity as
well I bet you they're happy
awkwardly drinks his drink like a Peter
Bava if you see him on the street do not
approach do not approach the key how do
I learn or do people say we won't start
without everybody getting their food but
not me you guys carry me I don't no one
know what your son don't need a gun to
get respect so we just finished eating
guys and there is an Aston Martin
speaker I never knew car brands made
speakers we're so confused right now
what's it does it like switch on is
there like an on guys that is eleven
thousand you guys want to send me one in
here yeah just sponsor a brother out
match sponsor about the hour do you
think I should buy an Apple watch yeah
yeah you want me to my eyes oh let me
know if I do what color should I get
I've got a bunch of colors I think I'd
go for this
I think this would actually be the one a
blue a dark blue so I'm missing about 24
karat gold 24 karat gold you know which
side I'm heading out now also seeing
these guys I catch you guys next time
adios one more thing before I head out
guys I really want to drone it every
time I see one it just like it looks so
cool check it out guys I'm all the way
up whoa that is awesome
Oh better than dad oh it didn't flip it
did a flip I'm literally like a big baby
guys like within the past week
everything I see I want to buy but I
need to stop that sighs I y'all let me
walk out of this store before I end up
buying a drone yo all right check it out
hey gang gang gang what's up mommy I
never leave a trolley without getting
the money back I know it sounds cheap
but come on man every penny helps
see you guys boom and that is how you
make money that's how you make money
guys I just go home and I accidentally
touch the bike where's the key where's
the key where's the key
it was Sun I did away the keys ah I just
go home guys I'm sorry I sound it I just
sat on it oh my god don't touch it don't
touch the bike I didn't promise you guys
once I go home I'd go and see what's in
that packet that that kid left guys so
let's check it out your dog honking it's
a door they look it looks like they've
sellotape something
yours taking forever man sorry strange
okay so about 20 minutes of opening this
guy's there was to pay for our planes in
it that honesty does not make sense why
would you put to paper airplanes in a
container that's always found guys
that's always found I was literally the
most pointless package I've ever open yo
I'm going to choose announcement to tell
you guys and I just realized how big it
is now guys okay so basically this
Friday this is YouTube event where you
guys can come say hi to youtubers like
me and I didn't know is this big on to
now I am on the homepage of YouTube
right now literally me and a bunch of
youtubers or on you know that
big home page advertisement guys my face
I didn't even know my face is there guys
check this out oh my god we made it boys
this whole advertisement is about me yep
there you go mo logs anyways oh jokes
aside is gonna be a bunch of youtubers
at the event so come say hi but more
importantly guys I want the whole page I
just want to say that I want the home
page so we made it guys I knew it I knew
us the yo-yo squadron made that happen
guys it's even on my sister's computer
is it there I'm on the home page my own
home page am i on the home page let's
check up on the home page I'm on the
home page you guys I'm famous I'm famous
based on that guys we're gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed for now stay awesome I love you
all
and yellow yellow bye boom
