oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god we just every other guys yo-yo
everyone what is that welcome to another
vlog so today's what could be one of my
craziest vlogs of all time
I'm actually heading over so I was lobby
with saw my friends and we could be
meeting Rihanna today yeah you guys
heard me right it wasn't your ears going
funny Rihanna
yeah the Rihanna guys so regardless if
you're me or not it's gonna be an
awesome day but ah just the thought of
it is driving me crazy guys my mom and
sister are also going to be going to the
salon to fix up their hair but you know
I don't even care about that guys I care
about going to see Brianna
anyways guys I've already set the barf
to vlog this high so I'll see you guys
on the other side
let's go bull
whoa
okay so right now I just made it over to
my boys guys the meeting point is
actually the Burj Kalifa if you can see
so they should be here within like the
next ten minutes and we're heading out
to go to our Devi I'm pretty sure she's
having like some sort of performance so
we might actually be meeting her at a
concert or something I don't know guys
okay if we don't get to meet her it's
all right guys no hard feeling to check
it out we got my main man Fatih over
here
it's science here - Brock should just
made outside I think wait is trying to
Scott here as well he bargain he's on
his way over there guys
I don't know how today is happening but
it's gonna turn out pretty crazy Travis
Scott was actually at Ross's house
before this so yeah we got all the
famous people today Briana I'm coming
for you and all I want is my selfie
that's it damn son we gotta shoot the
plug I row hopping in the Escalade let's
go
alright guys I'm going to meet three
Hana yeah that's where all our way
washes a longer time so she'll know she
wants a yo-yo yeah magic she does guys
like this is more flow you know I
was thinking things actually you know
I'm gonna feel if I'm gonna pass out
I'll make sure to block it well that
would I would I care what brushes my
guys today guys he met Travis Scott's
old house or a he's a good guy we're
gonna meet a myth today with one yeah
we're gonna be in a gang ah so that's
two people I might even be drinking
maybe we're gonna meet our sister yeah
yeah by the way guys I hope my goodness
there's like a whole photo shot going on
Papa Roger ah man calm it down ah
 boys big camera today guys give me
I'm good what the girls oh I never used
this thing so quick stop on the way guys
you quickly came to the petrol station
and I don't even know our lakiya any new
business magazines coming out soon you
women as only woman's I go why are you
man psyche soda
why we will find that one hi so now it
says I want you to snack guys but
because of the new diet I'm on we have
you heard of juicing what juicing it's a
diet where you only drink yeah I know I
might do that okay good
no I'm think you should eat healthy and
just you know avoid unnecessary things
like these Rasha Rasha what are you
doing please don't do this to us
don't do this to us but we're talking
about juicing and he just goes and get
Mol teasers sneakers
what the hell yeah that oh yeah that's
the only good thing you got a lot of
these guys he's killing us right now
he's actually killing us but have you
tried the diet juicing it's like you
only drink juice throughout the day
yeah I want to do it okay doll up on
deck for what everyone that's the sword
challenges Rhys ourselves but one day or
get reduce ourselves so two minutes we
should be at the destination guys let's
see how this goes the concert or
whatever is it sooo
for busy guys like fully packed out but
you already know we're gonna get it
somehow
James wonders they have to yeah yeah
which James Bond
awesome service the dollar seven you he
you're giving me a phone number okay boy
so he just made it over here to the
arena we're gonna go go go let's see
what's up
dammit is busy here that's police like
it is locked down right now check it out
as I said like that police everywhere so
we managed to get our bosses we're going
in right now so let me not lose
everybody it's really busy in here this
guy has too many fans we can't even walk
through this like you getting stuck guys
that we're in Rihanna's performing right
now guys this is my song right now
so loud right now I hope you guys can
hear me we're finally successful guys
backstage bosses you know how hard it is
to get these backstage passes it's like
impossible it's literally impossible but
you know my boys daddy's got look at
that
you made a happy guy
hey Rihanna was named George
I think I might go partially deaf often
it's constant
we're going harping to the back day mark
hi guys so we're entering the VIP
backstage section good we're good to go
you don't even know how much of the
struggle was to gain from backstage
backstage isn't as fancy as I thought
it'd be yo yes all the way out we might
get to see her guys every section they
check you thank you all right let's go
let's go let's go I regard their whoo
guys every section their security I
think Rihanna may have finished guys so
she could be heading out like if she
comes out she has to come out through
these stairs
like right right under there guys if you
look at this this this is under the
state you can see all the fans all
that's insane as you can see guys the
security is super tight like nobody can
even go close to that stage you know
what's really really cool guys so if you
can see that car over there
Rihanna's just about to come and get in
but don't know exactly when so let's see
freedom here I'm not too sure but it's
going to be dope if we do what you have
to say rush it will we meet her
duh-duh-duh we need luck right now on
our side guys by even getting this more
trust me we needed a lot of luck and
contact so yeah guys I'm with the man
Akon himself appreciate appreciate man
I'm not sure if you saw that two seconds
I put in there we just met a garnet then
um well I'll just like please have my
man and I'm in right now we're just
waiting for the chance to be Rihanna but
look what they have back here booth yo
give me a star come on man is it all
vegetarian come on buzzer all right we
got you we got me guys I'm still alive
out here I just want to say I need to be
so badly but I'm not going to miss
meeting random for this okay so I'm
holding it in yeah I'm holding it down
Miranda is literally taking forever
right now guys already northern Ethan no
I said guys through way yeah I think ran
is getting changed or something I didn't
even know she's gonna meet through here
like a couple is here side least we got
to see him
I also thank you appreciate it
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh I got rid of every other guys other
we need to share these balls back in
this cage oh we made it happen
we made an answer oh no I get it thank
you
y'all negative things we got no
you-you-you
down son oh no I don't even know what to
say guys we just got Rihanna on the vlog
about to leave that my fall came out bad
the Josh I'm a good man you took the
worst mix yet another thank you to fatty
man when you see Rihanna walk through
you can't approach her because they
would have knocked me the hell out sir
ah what you have to say finally
guys I was videotaping him I got I got
him the best ball ever
yeah I'm not no that's it ain't taking
me fall guys I was the last person
everybody knows I think you have to take
this two pictures together she walked by
I was scared to approach her guys no I
was like she's gonna leave she was
leaving guys and we call her you
approach her because she's you are
security
you got one step close for getting
knocked the hell out so the the CEO let
us in man she all the sea of rock
nation shout out to him and he's the big
big boss the big big ball sky so yeah
anyways what a successful day let's go
home let's go that's it my day is
complete guys my day is complete was
down it got down in that de-ager
I got down in the beer shaken please yes
I can slow key with his ez-zor mud no
don't do it
not to the easies ah that's disrespect
bro I'll buy another five if you give
him a hundred and five thousand views
have you what the hell are you kidding
me alright let's go let's go look at
what Saiga did I better go to the left
I better go to the show than what you
did I'm not psychic
so what else you guys may don't know
that was in there guys
how are you shootin was there of course
my boy fatty got that ball if I got that
damn so I got that I was I'd showed us
exit you've left the other thing back
baby singer the toilet for the boss five
hours guys we finally made it boys we
finally made it bought from emergencies
about to go down fatty worse right does
everybody did you go to the bathroom
yo I'm the only one no he went in there
with a jumper he came out looking like
Superman and peace out until next time
anyways boys for now I'm heading out
let's go get my car it's so late right
now it's like 3:00 a.m. all right so I
finally made a hole boys what is up
waited here coming by the way
damn sons as you can see I just made it
home with my family I'm just getting
back from meeting Rihanna guys I just
met Rihanna today so I know it was crazy
guys I yeah I've already said enough but
work work work work work she was
performing everything guys anyways I
just want to say one more thing guys
today I actually also finished buying my
car
dun dun now I need to get my insurance
and then I'll let you guys see it so
yeah two crazy things down you guys have
been killing me so once my shorts goes
through they're gonna be seeing my new
car alright if you enjoyed seeing
Rihanna as much sided hit the subscribe
right now alright and you might see air
tomorrow alright yellow yellow boom
