yo guys when is that welcome to another
vlog so this video is very spontaneous
guys so a couple of my fans just rang
our doorbell and my mom told them I'd be
out in five minutes but what they don't
know is I'm gonna dress up as a clown
costume I'm gonna go behind them and
hopefully scare the living hell out of
them okay I'm sorry you came to my door
and this is what you get this is perfect
painted ones how are you gonna get it
stopped so this is my first ever prank
like this guy so I threw it out very
well basically hopefully this is how it
goes down suspects I'm going to knock at
my door okay that's what's gonna happen
guys and then my mom is going to open
the door on them and close it so their
attention is on the door at the same
time
BAM I come in through the guard door and
scare them and hopefully they just run
away that that's it guys I don't want
that to beat me up
that's just wait until they get here
don't enter all right guys this year we
just got off the bike come on come on
come into my trap here comes very close
or you know only one of them yeah dead
dead oh my god that doctor yeah
yeah so there you go that was our little
prank down side we got them good guys ah
son we got him wrong with you they just
let into the corner I five team effort
bulls smash the like button share it
with your friends and I'm sorry to my
fans but this had to be done right
