your room what is up so today is
actually a pretty pretty cool day I
think I mentioned you guys that I'm
gonna be making a very cool video for my
Instagram which involves breaking this
laptop and today is the day so recording
the stuff make sure you follow me on my
Instagram
this is Lana's role in the video guys
she's in events she's already hurt she's
pretty oh my goodness
she's the delivery man in the video yeah
anyways we're unboxing the world's
cheapest laptop guys OH
rest in peace buddy rest in peace we
literally bought you just the break you
y'all look at it no it's a cheap laptop
what they try and advertise their
facebook on anything oh that is such a
cute laptop that is actually a really
nice laptop I don't feel like doing miss
mall oh is it even functional come on
come on you got this laptop yeah it
switches on so we just finished up
recording our little video guys and as
you can see my mom broke my new laptop
guys like it still works
oh my goodness guys so make sure to
check out the video on Instagram what
have we done it oh my god this is
ridiculous
basically I got a new laptop guys so I
was just comparing the two check check
out my new one okay way to show them
this is my new laptop check this out
boom see it don't break and don't quit
no that's it guys we're done we're done
recording Instagram videos that's it
they cost too much to make 3 2 1 action
it's got mixed emotions running through
her face lord I can't make out whether
she's smiling alright now that we have
done it look at your face
when you come so far no no no I don't
know if you guys bought this but we're
probably not gonna use it so I'm doing
another giveaway okay you know what
should we make it a funny rule okay
funniest comment wins this laptop okay
and God you see I didn't want to show
the brand in the video it's like yeah
you know what you didn't pay me to break
you so he's right now I'm heading out to
go see my friend and I think we're gonna
go shooting but today is another one of
those days where it's just like gloomy
it feels like it's gonna rain like it's
so weird like two days of weather like
this I honestly have to say I love it
it's so cold
yeah join me in my vlogs high-five boom
boom yeah I remember all three of you
let's head out before it gets too dark
guys I'll see you want to make it over
to my friend this is
so I'd say towards my friend's place
guys before we head out this is actually
a 6x6 BRABUS it's super loud and I want
to show you how it sounds but before we
do look at what happens when you unlock
this car whoa
it gives you like a step like an
automatic step comes down so it kind of
helps you when you want to get in oh oh
my goodness let's show you how loud this
beast is cuz it's loud for every race
man I did not expect the interior to be
so beautiful guys let me check the back
of this car as well wow this is what you
call luxury guys I calm down buddy God
verb my feet so now that we're inside
this car let me show you how luxurious
this thing is first of all there is red
carbon fiber inside this beast like I've
actually never seen red carbon fiber but
that is gorgeous and secondly you see up
here guys you actually fill the air of
the tires with this yes you heard me
guys there's like this automatic system
where I had you can just press those
buttons it deflates it and inflates it
for when you want to go to the desert
anyways amazing car guys love this
beauty but for now we're gonna go
shooting okay let's go bye bye luxurious
BRABUS see you soon whew while we're
revving the rapper's we just met a
couple of fans what's our show are you
and he shot us to your friends family
there you go sister you get a shot at me
I know that 6x6 interior was really
Koopa one more we have to show you your
school by 4 it's actually going cooler
interior check this out boom oh no you
guys know my favorite colors blue and
this whole car is just ah you know what
guys this is perfection we're on the way
to shooting right now boys you have to
quickly stop to get some petrol so we
should be there soon by the way I'm just
gonna say this I'm a professional guys
gonna be everybody this is
we just made over to the shooting range
guys this is where we need to go like
down this little jungle eho a so let's
go and shoot some stuff here we are boys
so this is the range we're gonna be
shooting it pretty cool and here come
the guns down I have my headphones all
right now you could not hear anything
but you're in the cell yeah let's give
this a shot I'm pretty good at shooting
guys so I think I should be good yeah I
don't feel safe standing behind him - I
do for - beginner's luck beginner's luck
oh my god what my turn now guys let's
see how I do okay I'm gonna be if every
shot I forgot you don't know what he's
doing guys he's done always got this I
don't trust you
Oh
woo most on that vibe yeah
those hit me in the face sometimes be
careful
whoo-ahh
moves on that vibe if I both of these
already give me a Lamborghini for a week
I never did please don't hit please over
here please don't hit one more all right
guys
you'll be seeing a Lamborghini yeah soon
let's go that fast I want a Lamborghini
veneno okay this round it's actually
getting harder guys like all right this
way I need to go back y'all look at this
guy's it falls right next to us that is
crazy
oh my god you do not want to be standing
right there like it would actually fall
on your head
anyways boys I lost but it was unfair
because there was with thee conditions
on my shop Nana oh we both have the same
conditions there you go don't don't try
it yeah you see this is the only place
they actually let me up I tried to buy a
gun detail everyone they didn't let me
but yeah
now the gun is going back now the cool
little shooting practice guys there you
go I was good though no house okay okay
yo he's just being a savage to me today
yeah it was a bad so we're actually
gonna go look at the pistol range they
have over here look at this guys it's
actually completely empty right now but
this is where people do that like pistol
shots so you have like a target that
comes up to you and then it kind of
flies away seems like it's dangerous on
nobody's in there oh yeah everyone's
like Nana for now we're heading our boys
let's go you're funny the doors here
look like they're bulletproof
like honestly they're so thick and stuff
but let's go I've actually never come to
the shooting range like it's in the
middle of nowhere literally in the
middle of nowhere
yo okay so we just reunited the family
guys my sister came to join us to eat
look at this guys okay so my sister
parked her car over here but in front of
her there is a grey Lamborghini Huracan
Lai literally right in front of her and
then if you go to the other side behind
her there is a Ferrari oh my goodness
watch it they're all like little squad
goal to people we don't even know random
squad goals there's a level shot so
we're just relaxing next to the beach
having some dinner guys and look at this
this is our dinner it's like this kebab
stuff over here oh this is a fancy one I
don't even know what that is
this is dodgy when you're gonna go check
oh wow that looks nice by the way guys
check out this cool guy over here what's
up what's up yeah what's up thank you
for eating a week so you come over to
the gaming station to play some games
guys the first one is gonna be this game
okay you get that ball in that bucket
and you win I can do it from there I
guarantee I could do it from there
alright
should I give this a shot let's go I'm
gonna show you how it's done
if I were more to give me
yep loss okay this just no no I was a
long time I was so much better guys I
just want to say the games were playing
are harder than they look guys okay I
know they look easy but they're not
what's the song all I have to do is
bounce it like that I cannot play from
there
hit a hard it might work okay
are you done oh my god oh oh let's go
first go can you mind let's go where are
we you can still go continue continue
continue one more level one knows well
we get through we get these blogs with
the squad out here it's a me and Greek
oh I killed that game I want the minion
so easily I don't even know what it is
I'm just a natural I've always seen
people play this game in America but
we're gonna give it a shot now it's like
beer pong here whoa
no you're so bad at this she was good
doggy I want to help you I again
last time I lost too badly on this one
guys I'm gonna go again
all right you ready not come on moe and
you know you failed guys I swear I can
do it by one again so I just met this
your escort he knows how to speak French
so he's gonna say a message again okay
Bonjour the Puma vlogs no don't tear off
a super fancy shoe bands don't give the
veggie and more blocks a let's say in
the mail you've ever tube I don't care
any follow-up emails you know analyze my
name that's awesome named Charlotte a
journey other languages hola me llamo
Mogi yo yo aprender espa√±ol para in
miss koala and llf fairly silly bunny
for coupon TV
for now my mama sister I'm heading out
guys I she need to go get my car so
they're gonna go home in their car I'm
gonna go my friend to pick up my car so
yeah let's go anyways you already know
what it is the two girls and the purple
so I finally ready to over to my car
guys super super long that were ahead of
home but before I do let me show you
guys something okay I know you guys have
been asking me what happened to my car
what happened to my car I want to be
straight up with you a lot of people are
saying Moe was lying he just made it up
no that's not the case at all guys
basically it just took a little longer
than they expected but hopefully some
more I should have a definite answer for
you and I know I've been saying that a
lot but trust me me and my friend have
been working really hard to do as quick
as possible especially my friend like
he's been on the case so don't worry I
wasn't like oh I'm getting a new car and
then just to say like I didn't happen or
anything no that's not the case guys
I've wanted one for ages but if you guys
have ever searched into buying a car you
know sometimes it just takes a little
longer than expected anyways this is
actually a really nice car I like it
come on come on by this one hi this
probably something else Scott anyways
this head up home for now I just wanted
to explain myself because I've got a
local say he's just doing this for a
publicity stunt like no no that's not
the case guys it's not like
so tomorrow I will give you an answer
gay hi so we're home now guys I want to
be honest with you guys if you haven't
already realized me talking a little
funny today my whole lip area here it
hurts when I took so I've kind of been
forcing it out to you guys today because
every time I took this part of my mouth
is burning I honestly feel like I've
broken something here but basically oh
it hurts so bad
basically what happened the other day
when I brushed my tooth with that big
like boss brush the whole inside of my
mouth is ripped so it's gonna take time
to heal up secondly uh I'm gonna package
this laptop up and go get my refund yeah
I'm kidding guys there's no way they'll
give me a refund on this but pretty cool
like this laptop actually broke but you
can still use it like honestly as long
as the wire is still connected over here
where is it yet this wire is connected
you can still actually use it okay we're
gonna try and turn it on guys okay come
on come on come on it worked
look at that background oh that
background oh by the way thank you so
much for the support you guys have been
leaving on the channel if you guys could
go ahead and subscribe and join the
family I'd appreciate that too and for
now I'll see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo boy boom
