walked in this party Negros looking
skinny jeans only in a mine MA
hey hey hey okay okay I want y'all to do
this dance now this is the best don't
even history
yo yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog so today's vlog I'm gonna
try and continue the investigation from
yesterday so if you guys don't already
know what happened is yesterday we found
out that my sister's Lamborghinis window
has been smashed like literally into
pieces guys check that out that is all
full anyways I actually don't even have
time to go through the footage with you
guys now so I promise you guys at night
once I get home we can all go through
the footage together and see if we can
spoil anything yo guys what's up I have
another vlog today I have some really
cool news to show you guys be showing
you some fighting moves that we learned
years ago cuz we were like black belt
champions out there and yes I bet you
didn't know that you know oh my god
we're actually gonna be trying to kick
this poop emoji in karate Manor guys so
let's do this I believe I can
I believe
okay oh yo yo yo look who made it
here guys check it out
what up bro come see something come see
something I'll show you you're right to
see this I think it was you who did this
calm calm calm the back window of the
car don't worry you're not getting
pranked whoa big enough yeah what is I
don't know I don't know it we saw it
yesterday when you scan over those so if
you guys didn't know there's something
really cool I learned about Cadillacs
which I never knew about there is secret
compartments in this car so check it out
look at that middle panel guys and then
BAM what Wow the lights also comes that
it doesn't show how do you do this it's
such a comfort I can't even open it via
Washington actually waiting for the boys
to get here before we eat anything like
big so we came here to have like a
little tea and coffee and stuff like
that check it out guys over here they've
got like the coolest buds ever they were
like these Nutella buds but they have
something new bond with ice cream just
for the vlog I'm gonna try this out I
wanna try the bud with chocolate ice
cream this is how you eat guys you put
the ice cream inside the bread and you
have a bread ice cream guys really good
rush so while we wait for the boys guys
rocket thought he can win basketball can
he live up to the Jordan expectation oh
so close
Oh
sometimes you just have to let your
friends know he took the biggest L of
his life how much did you spend for that
I don't even want to I don't know you
don't spend fifty don't lie Isaac
you spent over a hundred trying to win
back so check this out we just came to
eat and look gooey so we out here boyo
yes good for life any shoutouts guys
there you go guys anyways guys check it
out the boys just made it over here what
up what up yeah we go fadi dance some
veal look at how was a little me angry
oh you know how I know yelling loud as
can be nice
I'll surprise you to get kicked out I
know this actually looks clean there
wasn't enough light in this restaurant
so we took into our own hands to provide
the lighting they need you can see like
the actual details and everyone can see
everything right now oh I like that
stars just made it here ready to dig in
the door is either free the bread just
go here how about that guys I think
they've been korzy things a big white
one we gotta stick with a chocolate
let's stay with this healthy
I said I'm never trusting this guy la so
I've had four birthdays this year so far
guys thanks to this guy oh thank you
thank you
everywhere I go I'm breaking all gears
man seven you're I hate you I swear
any burning Dave oh so the first time we
came here just me a rush of guys now the
whole squad is here check it out Oh tell
them Mexico does it here comes vlogs
coming up half-court will he do it oh
good even shooting at the right one
whichever one you're sitting in front of
you need to aim for that one the hell
are you shooting at the third one all
the weight then what do you mean that's
how it works good establishment are you
running
I know you
this right is some serious stuff right
here look at this week's Jesus he's a
hardcore yeah we just came to game
session this stage is lit it's on fire
guys bosses right Bob oh my god we spent
about a good 500 guys but it was worth
it because he got the banana
he's got the banana we got the bear so
they have a game over here for hang two
minutes guys you win a prize and it's
virtually impossible another one down
the dust your fatty you have a better
chance up there tomorrow
aunt patty ha ha ha
come on don't let go you should know we
got Freddy's up next I'd say you tossed
about five seconds out there anything I
can get up on that list Eric come on bro
you're about to be a 36 let's go
oh my god
that was the best that day yo long fat
easier walked in this party he girls
looking skinny jeans only in a man ma
hey hey hey okay okay I want y'all to do
this day's night this is the best
daughter even history when I'm in on
that boot hey bring them in on that be
nice to your dad build a day or desert
you hug you your daddy Sarang so for now
we're heading out guys peace out to the
squad peace out peace out peace out you
already know it is see you guys soon get
money both have arrived in the mall my
brother's not here so I'm gonna blog my
part of the day for you guys and you
know what I saw really
I'm hoping to show it you guys check out
this cool car I've never seen one of
these before like this is something I
don't know what it is
have you ever seen one of these mom it's
cool check this out this is amazing look
at the interior of this car that is such
a cool car and yeah I've never seen it
if you guys know what it is let me know
in the comment section below good I have
no idea what name this car so we're
about to go shopping in Louboutins let's
go I'm just gonna be looking around with
more
and once I pick something I'll show you
guys oh wow look at this their spiky
that is pretty cool
and there's more designs there too this
is like on another level so this is a
shoe that we picked as you can see it
looks really nice it's got like the
studs on the front and it's sort of like
water and oil effect like sort of
greenish and blue shininess I love that
and they've got the logo so it looks
really good guys yeah there we go okay
there it goes
I found something really cool here and
now check out this bag this is no
ordinary bag like if you see how thin it
is but you can put documents in here or
like a laptop and literally walk into a
business meeting looking so blinged out
that's pretty cool you know check it out
guys I just made it over to my mom and
sister and they picked out this shoe for
my friend the thing is I actually think
my friend has this shoe I don't know I
think he has it like honestly guys he
has the whole collection sorry had every
half this we're sorry I know you're
watching this I don't know what they
were thinking man like that there's some
nice designs over here like oh why
crocodile like down yeah you guys should
have got this bling bling ching ching
dolla dolla ah ha you guys messed up
they messed up they should have got this
one so now we're heading out guys where
I she kind of late to go over to my
friend's birthday but let's go don't
worry we'll make it on time and I can't
even dress like this it's like a fancy
dinner so I need to change in the car
they brought me my clothes I literally
have to change my pants
inside the car right now
so yeah don't do this guys like if
somebody sees me right now I'm exposed
what's going on guys literally been
stuck in this traffic for a half an hour
guys
let it's not movie we're like why not
just karaoke people are so mad
everybody's wrong Jimmy
oh my god I don't even care guys I went
this shopping me honking is not gonna
help the situation but bring the windows
down Hulk
partay so check it out we just came over
to this great fancy restaurant where
friends are having their birthday but
check out this view damn son happy
birthday
happy birthday to you
here goes the first slice guys did it
again
so the birthday just finished and we're
heading out for now by the way guys
check out this area where it looks so so
cool look at these buildings it kind of
feels like an illusion yeah look at this
guys they have these awesome like
bicycles Wow
no you're gonna take the shopping home
okay so yeah well we'll see at home all
like are you done now
oh woman no don't worry it feels like a
new really love it
mom it look I'm scared hi guys so I did
promise you once we got home I try and
search through the CCTV footage to see
what's going on my sister's car and
although we haven't really found
anything
we found something weird and this is
yesterday at 2:00 a.m. okay so play the
clip show them what's going on guys
so I paused it right here for you guys
check this out this was last night at
2:00 a.m. okay and somebody came by the
car I hope you guys can see that they're
taking a selfie but they didn't really
do anything else guys it what the hell
that's inside that's right that's that's
oh they did what
nobody's everything inside the car that
size like honestly we find the weirdest
things on our CCTV footage but that is
literally the only thing we found so far
guys except from that the cat walking
and a victim the cat was all here the
car and besides from that we had a bunch
of kids looking around the car as well
but this one is strange that's the only
one which they fire the selfie was there
Iza what I want to see that self your
line I want to see that so your would
upload to am on the head and URIs guys
I'm gonna wrap up today's look right
there I think we've had enough weird
stuff going on so as always I love you
all we will get to the bottom of this
together guys judges attorneys guys I
catch you guys to wash they also my love
you'll and don't forget
yeah Leon oh boy boom
