show you everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so you guys can probably
tell I'm starting today's vlog off
somewhere different and basically the
reason I'm actually over here is because
I'm being on my friend
alright something's going on over there
and he's changed the color of his
Ferrari and it is insane you know I was
actually gonna wait for the car to pull
out but I can't wait guys I can't wait I
had to show you check out this beast
anyways as you can see the car is like
this turquoise blue and let me just tell
you this the color you're seeing in the
camera is not how it looks in real life
like on the camera it looks like light
blue but it's actually turquoise by the
way look at this is actually a really
really cool Mustang over here now look
at the lights on this car they're
actually gonna change now as well this
is insane what oh my goodness this
Mustang actually also has scissor doors
guys so it's like fully pimped out crazy
crazy car but for now everything is
getting rearranged to get this bad boy
out
oh my god that is one loud car outside
you can actually see the color change
much much more guys
this is one mean car right here oh this
is the type of stuff I need to do to my
car guys I need to pimp it out we're
just waiting for our turn to register
the car but this is like the VIP section
they have and look at this they actually
have tea over here in a golden flask I'm
gonna try it out and one thing I didn't
know look at this guys they actually
have like cups over here and I came to
take one and I realized it's in water
and apparently that's what they do to
show like it's clean I hope I don't burn
myself whoo all right there we go I
don't know what was in there guys so I'm
just gonna test it out it smells very
strong so I think it might be coffee
check it out boys the Ferrari is on the
road right now
I can't stress to you how beautiful that
car looks anyways we're actually gonna
go pick up my mum and sister so they can
join us to go out so yeah it should be a
pretty good night I just go home and
look who I met guys I actually met a
bunch of you guys these awesome ladies
came by all the way from London any
shoutouts to the family mom dad I'm and
yeah my friend Samara love you almost
the best thank you guys they're all
sisters guys they all look so young Wow
when I was really sweet guys we just met
them girls there are fans of both of us
so awesome awesome stuff you discover
you see guys who said the girls don't
watch my channel they do they do oh I
love the sound of that exhaust
y'all look at this guys there's actually
a Ferrari on a pickup truck is long I
think today is Ferrari oh wait there's a
rolls-royce too
oh my goodness look at that Wow
what a beauty let me give you guys a
piece of advice never do something dumb
for a video so two days ago was it
yesterday or two days ago I brushed my
teeth with that big toothbrush I bought
it wasn't even a toothbrush first of all
it was a bought brushes so wash yourself
with it the world idea ever but it's
actually ripped the whole inside of my
gums and it hurts so bad
like when I move my lip talking it it's
it's hurting it's actually early so yeah
don't try at home I gave my corn to my
sister's hands today how is it no way
I it's so easy to drift catch up to you
guys on the bed and the car like this is
the coolest kids toy I've seen boom I
know look at that it's a baby g-wagen
what this is being charged
oh my god it's electric it's a key for
them oh so we can't even steal the car
guys we need the key and my boy Noah's
got it come on man look at this Santa
hat wait what is this cool it's Santa
hat what I'm out man I'm Nick stripper
okay so slight little emergency guy as
my nose has been bleeding
for the past hour so yeah I'm not sure
how much you can see a case I think it
stopped I think it stopped so we just
made it over to the shopping center with
our friends actually downstairs
reserving a table for us right now but
like I had such a bad nose be at their
house and on the way I'm gonna quickly
go get a drink like you know fresh fruit
cocktail because apparently I don't know
like I need some pomegranate to
rejuvenate my blood my mom's telling me
all of this so let's go get that at
least it's stopped that's all I care
about it stopped bleeding so yeah
hey we made over to the fresh fruit
joint and look at the menu guys like
they have some exotic drinks rainbow
royal corals supremo like what the hell
Persian kiss I want to buy one of those
they have a bunch other stuff
another orange I like that
see you guys I'm starting a healthy diet
right now cheers guys what's up I got my
drink let me tell you something recently
I figured out in America there's
something called juicing it's like a
diet where you don't eat food and you
only drink juices so yeah I might start
doing that I don't know if there's
anywhere in Dubai that does it but that
is actually very very interesting hey
hey turn up so they actually have
something really really cool in the
middle of the mall if you guys don't
know Dubai has police supercars decayed
they have like a got you already an
Aventador a bunch of supercars but
they've added a couple cars and they put
them in the middle of the mall so first
of all we oh my goodness guys this is
such a gorgeous car so I'm guessing this
has been added to the fleet of the
supercars
what a beauty ah look at these guys look
at this amazing I'm not amazing guys
look at that imagine if this bad boy is
chasing me I'm stopping it
v10 police car and there's one more car
let's go it's on the other side guys so
they didn't just add one car to the
police cars they added two I don't know
exactly what's going on here but they
even have some sort of simulator over
here maybe this is to do like police
training I don't know maybe now the
second car is even more special guys
look at this beauty BAM we got the
mclaren 570s whoo I don't even know what
to say I don't even know it say if you
thought the by police ain't catching you
they are they are guys you ain't running
away from anything
we got MacLaren's are these Bugattis
Aventadors even four-by-fours guys we
have six five by the way do they have a
six by six I'm not sure but they have a
lot of cool cars pretty cool and yes
it's awesome that they're displaying the
police cars from the more you see
they're letting you know they're letting
you know that yo you can't escape you
can't escape guys so just don't try it
this is one of my favorite chocolate
stores
look what they have it whoa they go
national day candy that is insane
okay thank you so much
I literally just came inside to look
around guys but when they gave me a
sample I had to buy it like that's a
thing whenever I get a sample guys it
kind of tempts me into buying it so
they're getting me a box right now but
besides from that they have a bunch of
cool decoration look guys this this is
what you call chocolate like look at the
way it's presented oh that is hot oh my
god they weren't joking I just got my
hot chocolate check this ah okay my
brothers sing the chocolate song deaded
a - dad
all the medicine no medicine and totally
it is good what happened so I just had
some medicine for my mouth guys and it
tastes so bad honestly like this is why
I said guys don't try brushing your
teeth with a buff brush okay it doesn't
work out it does not work out we're just
about to leave guys but I couldn't
resist I have to turn on the car Gayle I
just want to move it like one meter okay
what a beautiful car Wow all right boys
you already know we got the Ferrari keys
how do you unlock this car okay
BAM it's turquoise in real life but it
looks good on camera it's light blue on
camera yeah that color yeah yeah I
noticed that right now guys okay where
is he going
I just want to take a cool picture of
this so I had to move into like an empty
slot let me take a selfie
yo I sure guys you don't even know how
much I love this car we're gonna say
goodbye to it for today peace on the
streets son
that know me best I feel like me and
Taylor my schooler wow I made their
famous I made that famous whoa okay Lane
I stopped at the supermarket you already
know what it is guys we need milk okay
we drink milk faster than cows produce
milk that's what's up
is it the 22nd or 23rd or 24th I don't
even know the thing is my family we
drink a lot of milk like my bones are
solid guys so if you want to fight me
just make sure you know what you're
doing cuz my bones hit hard you know
it's funny when I was a kid you can ask
my mom my dream job I wanted to become a
cash register like you know the ones I
scan the codes I don't know why don't
ask me guys I was I was very ambitious
to say the least I I don't know I was
like I always said I want to become that
guy that works at a cash machine cuz I
loved number one counting money when I
was a kid and number two I loved that
beep beep beep noise it was so cool to
me again we were finally home guys and
as promised we're gonna open some fan
mail ok by the way just to put this out
there this is blood from my nose yeah I
was bleeding today ok anyways after we
open the fan mail I'll tell you who won
they give away ok so let's get straight
into this do not bend okay I got you I
will end it
yo MV ugity
it's a Bugatti bro it's a Bugatti one
and we it's a Bugatti
I'm not holding a vlogging camera that
is insane Andi you're the man I Love You
Man
this is going on my Instagram hi this
one is also property some sort of
picture yes this is another one toy okay
it was a packaging paper oh hi
so here we go I've been following your
vlogs for some time I thought I'd send
you a t-shirt I hope you like it
Fabio brownian Fabian all right so fab
rehab sent us a t-shirt let's get
straight into this but sure went behind
the camera
duh-duh-duh-duh
born wait what what to say hey thank you
for the shirt
we don't speak French guys but I
appreciate this and I hope this has a
good meaning UK so comment down below
and what this means if it's a swear word
I'm I'm sorry I'm sorry guys Oh
Lamborghini Aventador Lamborghini
Huracan you broke my BMW
that's our driveway in future guys
Mustang Oh magic are you chain that is
car goals right here guys look alive
and he gave me money to start this car
connection
hey boy enjoy watching your vlogs
congrats for the GTR over my degree my
name is Shawn here and I'm 12 years old
Wow thank you thank you Shahir I
appreciate it so much and yeah don't
worry soon come I'll have this car guys
you see this Aventador Moloch's 2017
we're gonna make it happen
oh are you kidding me are you kidding me
another van son oh we so wanted eggs up
yo this is the wise new police car from
India and the law you said you're
collecting cars so I thought is a good
Nick Edition addiction I go it's a good
addiction what I mentioned I'm
collecting cars once okay and look at
the amount of cars you guys send it okay
what that is insane you guys are amazing
you know what I'm collecting real
Bugattis any anybody anybody anybody out
there
you know I feel like this is the blue
guy you guys I feel like this is the
Bugatti wait what what what is that what
is that oil I don't use Facebook in hair
well yeah honestly guys I would use this
but every time I tend to use oil I start
getting spots thank you for the lotion
um yeah
thank you over to the fan mail
appreciate it so so much but now it's
time to announce the iPhone winner so
the winner of the 2016 iPhone 7 and the
winner is design congratulations buddy
you are the winner and break good times
come on hey anyways congratulations on
that hope you enjoy the phone and guys I
just want to say my next giveaway is
actually gonna be on my Instagram so
make sure to follow it boom lo
underscore blogs underscore while you're
at it
follow along ro 7 8 6 y know stay
awesome I love you all not catch you
guys tomorrow Galliano
boom
