yo everyone what is ah welcome to
another vlog so for starting off today
by giving back the GTR it's time for my
baby to go as you can see Wow recovery
truck today that's a big truck mall
ah you know what the GTRs going guys we
had a lot of fun with it
yeah alright sorry your boy got their
videos out right now I need to pass back
the keys and yeah maybe soon we'll be
reunited one of those that we get to
keep I don't know I don't know
go on be sad you have to give me one now
ghost is real you don't oh he has to say
goodbye guys
he's losing is love you're gonna give it
to me to keep but no oh sorry I mean you
got your baby over there mom don't be so
annoying don't say so me can't be a
traitor ma I'm joking I still love my
car guys he's supposed to put on the
truck what does he do driving away he's
going you're gonna try for us he's doing
a takeaway on my DVR do you thinks I'm a
weirdo right now he's like what is this
guy do it
hey guys it's not like they're taking
away my baby or anything no like they
just taking away my prized possession
I will find you whoever took this from
me and I will kill you remind you of
ivory oh damn son look at I'm lifting it
I believe I can try
I believe I can trust that is what you
call a flying GTR you know what's so
awesome guys are literally strapping it
up the same way it came to me I remember
this like it was yesterday there
unstrapping it dropping it off and now
now the tables have turned the tables
have turned on me guys I'm going by VTR
Bob I will see you next time the past
hour my sister is driving the GTR around
and that is when they took the car away
as soon as she gone to the street
they're like okay not the guys outside
we're picking up your car what did you
do did somebody see you on the road
driving right no we need to take the car
back got girl driver GTR take the car
back it is destined for doom I think now
I need to put him back into a spot so
it's okay Musti okay don't be white Oh
baby scary Mustang sounds angry I have
so much darker than you you know what
guys I'm doing everything I can't afford
to buy a new car right now I'm gonna
become a singer right now so I went to
bought my guitar you know what as I'm
done I'm dumping broke guys I've done oh
wait does it work
you chewed it you can chew it I wanna be
a billionaire buy all of the things I
never had a GTR Ferrari you got a friend
in me and when the road looks rough come
on friend me Lola squad we are here we
got the loader squad okay I'm um I'm
officially naming gas low low spot uh
anyways enjoy the guitar peace out yeah
me you got a friend whoa alright guys so
right now I'm actually packing up the
Xbox because I'm going to try and send
it out today to the winner and you know
what I actually love packing stuff guys
I just find it so cool watch and learn
guys this is how you pack something you
put these things inside nice and secure
anyways the reason I'm actually showing
you guys this is because I know a lot if
you still want to win something and I'm
actually going to be doing another
giveaway very very soon
this time I'm thinking about an iPhone 7
giveaway do you guys want to see that
because I'm not sure what do you guys
want let me know in the comment section
and as always guys the only proof my
good ways is just to be a subscriber
because I want you guys to win not like
a random guy No
we just read it over to the post-office
guys let's get this Xbox out and let's
take it to post we literally just made a
one-for-one trade I sent out the Xbox
guys and we had one parcel exactly one
so that is what's going in the fan mail
check it out we just made it over to the
mall but I want to show you one kinda
spot in the parking check this out now
this is the Lotus guys and the thing is
I don't see many of these cars but they
look very unique I think they look cool
but I have mixed feelings towards them
regardless this is a really dope one I
love the way they've customized it with
this green and yellow it looks awesome
and here's for now I'm going to go buy
some pants guys because my own ones have
three holes in them and I don't think
they're suitable to wear outside anyone
I coulda came to try on these pants guys
but look what they have in this changing
room it is so cool so you see the lights
they're normal right but no you can
actually change the seg they've got
three settings over here Stadium outdoor
and indoor cave indoor stadium indoor
stadium that is so awesome
changing room number two guys I'm
actually going to get these pants check
it out ayyy they're pretty nice simple
and stretchy which means next time my
line chases me I can run faster guys
last time I was in the game of sex and I
got destroyed this time I'll play this
game I've never prayed this and it looks
cool
is that hey guys that was the easiest
game I've ever played look at what you
can win on this game they got these like
little tiger things but I honestly just
take it as a that's mine I'm keeping it
yeah nobody would even Sheba obviously I
don't wanna like get on CCTV there's
some sort of ride going on what is going
on mommy
Johnny GaN that ride
that I should look so slow I thought I
was a kids ride and I was like why they
screaming I look around and it's turning
them they're still screaming there's
still the screaming guys anyways you
know how do the home guys have an insane
insane day like a sunshine
you know that ginger cat that always
comes to get food from us in the area
look at him he chases the car come on
buddy come on come on oh my god you're
gonna look at him guys look at this lady
runs
so now that I'm go guys we actually want
to try out something crazy my sister's
got something special
BAM and if you guys like what the hell
is that guys that's actually special
paint guys a pink that reacts with black
light and are you ready to see what
happens guys so it looks like normal
paint until bail oh that is so awesome
when you turn on this black light this
house in the Dority oh my god my do you
see my teeth are so white oh this could
be our solution mom we can find in our
teeth we're going to use this to face
pay ourselves guys so let's see how we
turned out let's do this he's made the
finger I've never done this before guys
so I just thought oh is that not too
much that feels like too much y'all I'm
gonna look so weird oh my god I just
randomly like putting paint on your face
this smells so bad guys oh oh three two
one
that is awesome yeah even the paint
looks cool guys look at the hair
whoa oh wait the dardan is how our teeth
will look guys after we do like so like
some sort of whitening yeah this is
yourself you help me tell white teeth
bag Hey okay let's make your mouth look
funny oh my god that feels so weird guys
taking life are you sure this ain't
boxing Nigel I have a whole but every
sticker on German are you guys ready to
see what this looks like three two one
oh wow that is crazy
let's not add more in my hair that's
this is like dab it over my hair my hair
is glowing
oh you're are you putting o'leary eyes
you don't know what this stuff is oh my
god I'm doing a globe in the dark face
yo guys what is going any of these guys
there you go this is the glow in the
dark stuff we bought let me know what
you guys think we should do with it next
and we're gonna try out some cool videos
for now I need to go wash this off
because it's irritating you take over
take over the vlog oh yeah we even made
a mess on the floor think of this we got
paint everywhere
oh oh oh
awesome if you guys didn't know Laura
actually uploaded a new video where she
was racing around with the GTR and we
actually are so good at dancing guys
like they should sponsor us just for
dancing and I want to show you you the
clips from her video where we danced
okay check this out but you already know
your boy mole I need to be a paid dance
you guys I'm not doing this for free
anymore
you best thumbs up the video just for
that guys like that go check out that
video and comment down below
Moe you are the best cuz you already
know and use guys what around today's
look here before I make your mess in
this house and yeah yellow yellow boy Oh
