yo yo everyone what is a welcome to
another vlog so I swear guys I guess so
happy when I wake up to this view garage
goes out here guys down anyways today
we're heading over to one of my boys
farms and this is some where you guys
have never been to it's also my first
time I think he has some cheetahs maybe
even a lion and stuff like that so it's
gonna be awesome guys can't wait to show
you so let's go
alright guys so check it out I just made
it over here to the farm what's up
what's up hi guys how are you
we're about to go on an adventure guys
just look at the view behind my man
we're going into some sort of forest
right now so let's go so you don't get
lost inside hi we won't we won't let's
do this look kind of nervous though okay
the dervish I'll follow you guys how
about that
anything happens it happens to the front
the monkeys oh no way there's actually
monkeys no I'm your other one they're
just open oh geez okay I see - cheers
guys are they closed
look there's two cheetahs in front of
you my goodness they've got more hunting
yeah would leave them in the desert and
I put a chicken on the car and they see
the chicken day they run up also like
the exercise it's like exercise so
Alana's gonna go first to touch the Chia
oh ah it's such a lovely cheer okay you
go first
ah ah look at that
you feel like kitty at home but like a
bigger version it's a bigger version of
ki yeah my brother wants to try it if
you want to get they're scared already
okay I'm not scared it's all in the head
I son as you can see guys it's my home
boy what's his name
Charlie ah he looks at me I swear my
heart is all right you know this is this
is yeah yeah so they fear your fear be
fearless move you're a lion man you
happy come to this one I think he's more
calm after my fear go oh just relax see
this one's nice yeah yeah yep nice teeth
amazing amazing more amazing yeah you
know this is the biggest smile on every
dog make you smile everybody
lonna have not here Lonnie you might as
well buy a cheer now if you if you like
them so much good time no no you just
want to say hi to you man well there you
go guys
oh that's my new Chia Lisa you started
making noises on our as you can see we
just finished up with the Cheetahs and
they have a German Shepherd over here oh
look at this look at this what's his
name oh I've just got it like two days
ago okay your name is Nam Oh commitment
this is commitment this is a chosen one
check out the length of the chicken one
of the red lights like oh wow that is a
big leg for a chicken dad
chicken boots over here they even have
some goats guys back oh look at him that
one is just completely lost oh my god
what is he doing what is this guy's
smart
what was that smartest animal in the
world have you ever seen him do that
before no neither smartest animal in the
world we just found ourselves an ostrich
but what are those white things yeah
y'all know the names okay we're cool
with them chickens right now we have an
ostrich in sir chickens guys hi hi hi hi
check this out guys they've got like
four chihuahuas over here hey buddy
what's up yeah I wouldn't mind going on
with these guys oh they're so tiny oh
well I'm this one came to me alright
Chihuahua I want to say goodbye to you
alright now we're heading over to the
snakes
the snakes are incoming are you ready I
don't like snakes I don't think you do
either dear it's not so much by the way
guys this is so Tong this is his former
out right now today so also more some
stuff now this is the creepy section of
everything so they got scorpions snakes
and a couple other things so yeah let's
check it out look at that there's
literally scorpions in there yeah I
would not want to get stung by one of
those snakes are earlier thing guys so
we're actually heading over to another
farm where there's like a lion so let's
go let's go let's go yeah the snakes
weren't the most attractive part here so
we're light now okay let's go over to
the lion and just skip the snakes so the
line they have is like their other farm
guys so that's what we're headed to now
it's like a 5 to 10 minute drive so
let's go see the baby lion so we just
made over to the other farm guys and
check it out oh you're going blowing is
it really hard I still know yeah it's
very hard run run I'm on oil you have
experience with bigger ones oh my god
you know he bites my butt hard okay how
about this yeah
whoa
you violated me bad guys I'm just
watching out for him is again don't know
what you think so much damage you know
yeah you tried to smack it with your bag
you're like get over me Shaw change the
batteries whoa there you go guys that
was the line of me I'm not sure if you
noticed this guy bites hard like shorter
than my butt shut up I see it can they
see there's holes in there oh yeah look
at that that's how hard is bites from
bra oh my gosh I like my shoes you know
just be like it'd be like he was this
whole this guy sit down sit down
ha ha oh my god
you're gonna kill me I'm just gonna like
it alright yo yo yo yo yo yo oh my god
liked him though
she doesn't seem good alright guys you
just finished up with the Lions why
weren't you there why I never saw him
there he was like yeah no go yeah
anyways I got so many bites guys look at
my hands like oh there's one there
that's also the little lion guys insane
insane stuff yeah I'm John that's it I'm
done for today for now we're gonna go
chillax over their house of drinks that
was the lion oh my god how do you guys
play with this every day
bro by the way look how cool this place
is guys they got like lion statues and
everything oh hello mama would you like
to be my sunshine nigga took my game we
gonna time and she took Colin
Oh as you can see guys Lana's got a new
friend Billy or Bobby i tonight you can
name him the conversation there yeah
roasting me I should get married and
there you go Bowser Osgood there you go
are you happy
a male power it what should I name is
yeah Oh so as if everything we've seen
today was it cool enough guys we're
going to the golden room literally the
golden room Dan
Oh welcome welcome welcome to crib
it is actually son and then this old
planet I don't take a picture wow really
yeah it's a son in the middle and this
openness like to all the planets they've
got pharaohs over here Wow you see this
one is so much more friendly look at you
buddy there you go buddy
finally a cheetah that likes me so now
we are heading out thank you so much as
season Hakeem and also so dawn for
having me today
crazy day oh my I'm so bruised up right
now guys when I go home I'm gonna show
you all my bruises but he's gonna go
back to the lion next time next time
there's no appreciate guys and we're
gonna do big things soon basically oh
look at this Bentley I like that I like
that oh oh
bye bye guys thanks again peace out
y'all y'all know I do have to say guys
today was also finally check out the
gate they have over here beautiful right
it is so colorful yeah
nice it was really different experience
to be able to play like that would lion
cuz normally you just touch on this hand
but this alright good no I I have a
question where do we go now guys oh my
god guys we don't know where we're going
guys we're literally in the middle of
nowhere
oh my god if I see a killer clown right
now we are we are going over here me we
just came to do some shopping in the
petrol station and I want to show it
because you know normally we find these
smiley face
Teddy's but I even felt like a big M&M
once guys that looks pretty cool right I
feel very strong today because I was
able to handle a high load by a huge
lion it was a young fish believe me guys
like in the video you can tell but see
they're very strong and powerful look at
my leg guys yo see how strong it's teeth
or a guy and that's a baby line so you
wouldn't want to get close to like an
adult one and that's you like always
pushing off before you can do any more
you're like damaged so I just made your
home guys today is an awesome day I love
looking at these cars man and I'll show
you them a lot but I love exotic colors
like orange yellow red everything these
two go so well together anyways let's go
inside let me show you all my bruises
guys I had a lot of fun playing with
that tiger but you know sometimes with
fun comes a little bit damaged and I'll
show you the damage inside moment of
truth
you're on that game we will start on my
sister and then get on to me check this
out guys
bail oh are you don't touch it don't
uh it looks like a smiley face I think
you got a smiley okay number one guys
duh
I'm trying to find the number two do you
see that oh I came now I'm sorry guys
it's go ahead there'll be a frisky up in
here look at them our holes in my pants
one I don't know you have to find them -
yeah nothing else imagine how strong
that baby line was to put a hold in my
pants guys yeah guys like that you can
see it here
like honestly nah let me just say this I
play with the heavy other day lie down
so much the more I like I was getting
close with it I want to blame more with
it like it just felt fun and exciting I
loved it I mean - I just loved it like
the beer is actually cool like it was
like an adrenaline thing I actually felt
like you do such powerful thing and you
want to be able to interact built the
lion you've got my life I just at the
same time trying to like keep it in
control wrestling with that garbage
don't really enjoying it like you did
you see how I was jumping on it he got
through ten adults like it really and
you're still going like we were all
tired I just kept going anyways guys
anyways I'm gonna cool off a little bit
and then we can continue the rest of
today's vlog let me go take a shower
because I'm buddy like I'm not sure you
guys can see I kind of just wiped it off
but I was getting down and risky with
that lion okay so before our Facebook
guys I'm gonna try and open one or two
if your packages I know it's been such a
long time since I've done like a proper
mail time but bear with me guys so I
picked this little box first and let's
see what you guys gave me this one is
pretty cool to be honest I've had this
very while okay we have something sort
of black bag in the box guys all right
see let's see what this is
this looks nice it's got some sort of
time symbol on it so I'm guessing it
could be a watch guys is this like a
really expensive watch or something I
don't even know okay I'm through you
guys three two one what do you say about
that thank you for the watch my man I
appreciate it a lot
this looks fancy that is a nice watch my
man I like that I like that just to put
out there guys I love this box
open-close open-close
packet number two this should be my last
packet guys this is pretty soft I don't
even think I need a nice break whoa look
what we have here what oh it's this
guy's Yoko Yoko apparently this is
supposed to be good for like relieving
muscle ache but I'm kind of worried it
says side effects rash redness swelling
and itching thank you by thinking in a
pause on this one for now guys I don't
even know what it is but I appreciate it
I appreciate it's the thought that
counts okay anyway guys I just want to
say today I've had an amazing amazing
day turned out awesome I hope you guys
enjoyed for now I catch you guys
tomorrow and you're already nuts war is
gonna be big I'm gonna do something
crazy so see you guys then and for now I
love you Old Yeller Yolo good boy
