Yolo Yolo Yolo yo yo yo good morning
what is up welcome to another vlog we
are starting today's vlog in Pali
as I said today we are starting out in
France guys it is about to be a
beautiful day now here's the thing last
night we slept super late and my boy s1
was dead asleep like he was out of it
yeah guys check this out I have the best
noise for this shit oh yeah before
today's video starts I actually have a
special announcement for you guys you
guys can get a ton of free things check
this out
boom well alright guys so here is the
special announcement I have for you guys
I am back at it again with the app war
robots it is an amazing 6 vs 6 tactical
player game now honestly guys I've been
playing this game for a couple of months
and you guys should know it and the
graphics are absolutely insane there's
like over 70 million players so you have
a lot of people to play with the reason
I'm super excited to announce this game
to you guys you guys know every time
they hook you guys up with like a ton of
free stuff if you use my link in the
description to download it guys this
time they are going all-out if you
download with the link in the
description this is what you get you get
a bitch yes robot a thunder weapon 2 pin
after weapons a hundred gold and 400,000
silver holy moly so make sure to check
it out with the link in the description
as I said guys I've been playing this
game for a while so join me right now
play the game with me guys and yea you
just like this is pretty much a free
boost for you guys it's like a starter
pack to come straight in
Oh guys okay so the first spaceship
actually come today is to the Eiffel
Tower the weather is not the best that's
raining guys bro it's in the cloud
welcome to France
module soliciting guys we're here at the
Eiffel Tower it's time to find some love
again I think I found the perfect person
to be with me guys Maria is now my
french girlfriend you're my friend Marla
okay kiss me no Maria please one kiss on
the cheek come on
Wow Oh Michael bro did you see that oh
my god finally guys I just got a kiss
from a French lady guys that's it Paris
is done we officially got what we came
here for guys if you want if we want to
get tips on how to take selfies for
Sheila Sheila how do we take selfies
yeah I said we want to try everything we
want to try ever had anything give me a
kiss okay guys so right now we just
finished up at the Eiffel Tower and I'm
super excited let me tell you why bro we
are going shopping we have somebody
paying for it yeah Maria Maria I just
told them you're taking a shopping
you see this is what I like right now me
and my boy s1 just made it to the outlet
village now this is somewhere where you
come shopping so the first story pump -
is Ralph Lauren guys oh my god these are
the two t-shirts I found show that this
one's beautiful guys check it out this
is insane Oh oh my god bro put that down
whoo Security's gonna kick you out right
now who put that back that way a few
moments later holy moley so this is the
Gucci store they have over here and you
have to wait in line by seeing you in
that line
I thought your VIP broke no one
recognized oh my god damn bro
those are nice basically these are the
shoes I'm actually gonna be getting so
they have these really nice like black
Gucci shoes I wanted those but they
don't have my size
most mortis turned into a demon it is
absolutely freezing right now if you
guys could see I'm actually crying
there's literally tears of my eyes guys
so now that we're done shopping I want
to show you guys exactly what we end up
buying so my boy decided to buy a ton of
Ralph Lauren stuff and we got some Gucci
no gangster game Mucha gang cootchie
gangutia game gang good luck here why is
the camera not open open up oh okay
there we go
why is my camera always so dirty no bro
is this our last day in France
guys this is our last day in from yo
that's crazy
okey guys so as I said I just realized
her more were flying back to Dubai now
these guys we were planning on extending
it and staying here more because we were
gonna fly out to like different
countries like in Europe but that didn't
work out so yet more Raschi flying back
to Dubai guys yo honestly guys I'm
actually gonna miss this base it was
super fun especially traveling with my
boy Aswan like don't tell him but it was
pretty fun guys
oh we can go there you go here you go
can you put it for me god help me for
once
yeah just be nice rods yeah oh my God
look at all the shopping that people
have done alright let's go shopping is
done
what's wrong with you guys can you
please not come in please
I see you five in the elevator and it's
I think you just bought it again well
that's not even fight anymore
there has been an amazing day
and I'll see you guys off there short
put up no no no Twitter by the district
or the guys by when you go to this
toilet there's no like ventilation
system the smell stays inside peace bro
I'm sorry guys I'll see you in a few
moments my god so right now we just made
it over to dinner and the restaurant
we're eating at is Phuket now this is
one of the fanciest restaurants here
apparently the president celebrated here
yeah Sarkozy red carpet guys know
there's like names of people over here
like this is amazing sean connery mold
logs
s1 alright it's time to go eat let's do
this oh my God look at how fancy this
place is so this is amazing oh my god
welcome to dinner
we have a private section guys yeah this
whole section is booked out just for us
with the biggest boss
you already know who this is our table
over here this is where we're gonna be
having dinner literally this entire
table was booked out by our team so yeah
thank God okay so the food just made it
here guys we're having some steak
Maria's having I don't know what she's
having guys but it's healthy Maria loves
us she loves us blogging her every day
and she has really come herself yeah she
has camera shy be a guys right now we're
having our dinner basically we got some
steak or whatever you call this guy this
is a serious so dinner is officially
done guys right now we are heading out
that was awesome so guys we just
finished eating right now it is freezing
that's freezing
we saw Oh what is this slogan don't
forget Yolo Yolo Yolo round two guys we
just came out of the elevators again he
farted I had subscribe if you'd like
answers why do you look so tired because
I haven't spent three days bro are you
serious by the way our room number is
five zero two
