here we go good morning everyone welcome
back to another vlog how are you doing
so here's the thing I'm starting out
today's vlog and right now there's
somebody outside my garage and they are
literally banging the garage door I
don't know I'm pretty sure they know me
maybe that's not a door that's a garage
they're gonna break my door they're
planning the break-in there
ha they're banging the door louder right
now I did end up going outside and
meeting the people they were actually
super super sweet sometimes I feel like
I just feel bad because I know people
travel a long way to meet me and as much
as I do say please guys don't come to my
house there's sometimes I just feel bad
here is the thing yesterday when we went
paintballing my Yeezys got destroyed all
right
check this out Oh so guys these are my
Easy's after yesterday's paint boarding
session Wow basically they got so muddy
that I literally can't wear them for a
while so I have to quickly wash them up
ok so right now we're about to do
something very exciting so I saw this on
Instagram and I'm gonna try it out for
myself in real life we're about to make
a treadmill food tray
so that any mostly Chinese is I'm gonna
try to eat these as they come down the
moon I started I have feeling
everything's good look on your marks get
set go here we go
so pretty much we found something that's
even better this time we're gonna do
honey huge why is it one piece because
it's expired
alright Lana are you ready for your turn
Oh bro my teeth won't go off this right
you look like you're about to swim right
alright guys are you ready
are you so here goes nothing this is my
second attempt this time imma try and
get them whole disease okay that was
definitely a very bad idea I feel like I
have a disease in my mouth now anyways
here's the thing guys right now I'm
heading out of the house and I told you
guys a couple of days ago that I might
be getting a new car and I'm still like
fighting in my head if I need one if I
don't cuz you guys know right now we
have three cars the Ferrari the Lambo
and the Mustang but none of them were
really family cars so I don't know if I
should just add one buy another car or
if I should trade the Mustang in unless
Mustang don't do that don't don't give
me those puppy eyes I don't want to
spend any more money on cars cuz I feel
like I'm going broke damn it
but let's see if we could get a good
deal or something guys I don't know I'll
see you guys at the dealership
so right now we just made it over here
to do this on wheels
here is the thing guys there is a car
over here which I really like but it's
not the one I was planning on getting so
come check it out it's the host voice
phantom but basically guys this car is
gonna be for my mom
and the Phantom is really really big but
I'm going short Andrea what do you think
father
Andrea's behind the camera she's camera
shy so that's why she's not on the
camera hello they can't see you put in
your thumbs that you have to say good
the thing is I really want a ghost but
I'm really specific on the colors you
guys think a phantom would suit my mom
yes so right now I'm in the basement of
the cars guys it is actually completely
empty here like normally they have some
people here but this is really awkward
before I go it's literally completely
empty down here and look at these guys
that's all of the keys to the cars down
here yeah yo guys Ferrari Ferrari
Ferrari for this is insane
a few moments later alright guys so
right now I just made it over to the
mall and I said the gadget store right
now we are testing out a Segway they
have over here ok anyways right now we
just came to the gadget store and the
one thing I am getting I'm not getting a
Segway I'm getting it this it's like a
balloon racing thing apparently it's
supposed to be really cool so I'm gonna
go home and try it out and let's see how
it is ready let's go oh hi boys so now
that I bought my new gadget I've
actually come into a random parking lot
to test it out but before I test out the
thing I bought look on what they have
over here what there is two buckets over
here it says fire and there's like a
bunch of like sand in there I came here
to test out the new car balloon things
cuz I feel like it's a perfect place to
do it so let's open this up
in a random party not doing this I hope
nobody sees me this is really dumb he's
not coming to you the wind from the
balloon is gonna make this go faster
anyway yeah anyways there you go boys
that was the balloon thing I bought
probably all the dumbest purchases I've
made but guys check this out there's
actually a really cool green Lamborghini
in the parking over here but damn this
is nice
a few moments later hi boys so before I
head off home I just met this girl Lisa
Freestar right yeah and apparently she's
good at football
apparently so we're gonna see how she
freestyles right now so she's gonna show
us what she's got oh oh oh
down
what Roger bad moves that you watch
oh my god Wow
I'm done why that is in French
significant if I got nauseous monthly
wanting oh I got badly done right then I
was disgusting that was disgusting
anyways right now we're just over here
chillin that was crazy
so for now me and raw shit are heading
off home today has been a crazy crazy
day as you saw my boy just got nutmeg by
a girl by a girl like walk well though
he's gonna break your girl's legs oh
stop
I said sure ah she's gonna break your
legs right now we're heading up home but
what I didn't show you is we were
actually with Anthony Joshua Anthony
Joshua right tap you know the world
boxing champion guys I didn't vlog with
him because we were just chilling but to
prove to you guys are with him check out
this photo
so yeah there you go boys we were
actually with him but I feel like you
guys I need to show you proof before you
believe me no you're sort of savage they
never believe anything I saw they get
proof nothing to use oh my god your eyes
right now we just made it to the Burj
Khalifa Josh it actually has an
apartment here and check it out Oh what
is this your house welcome to Russia its
house another one bro
this is like your fourth house that I've
seen oh do you know what we have to do a
house tour since we're here this is the
living room look at that view and now
this is next up we have tunnel is this
the main bed oh there's more there's
more this is a maze bro anyways guys
right now he quickly came over here to
relax and then we're gonna go up to have
dinner with everybody okay for now we're
heading off this really big house so
peace out down there guys this hallway
is insane look at this it's like we're
living in the future over here and this
building was made like eight years ago
oh so we are officially home after a
very very long day
and honestly I don't want to end the
vlog like this but I actually owe you
guys an explanation and an apology kind
of so here's the thing yesterday I did
something on the vlog and a lot of
people were upset about it if you
haven't already watched the vlog go
check it out I tried to recreate an
Instagram video I saw where Ferrari was
like shooting out money from the back
tire like a now in the process of me
doing this I actually damaged a lot of
my money and I was super sad I did not
think that my money was gonna get
damaged otherwise I wouldn't have even
done it but I feel like a lot of people
thought that I was being inconsiderate
or didn't really care guys I I did not
know that
happen I was just trying to make the
video but I do feel like I do have to
apologize guys maybe it did come across
the wrong way but saying that that is
why I do so many giveaways and I try and
always give back so yeah listen guys I'm
sorry if we came across the wrong way
it's just it was it was like a
misunderstanding I thought the video was
gonna turn out cool but the money got
ripped anyways don't forget guys I'm
giving away an iPhone X or I'm giving
away four I'm gonna pick the first
winner in three days exactly so make
sure if you want to win an iPhone X
subscribe and yes they choose for the
winner in three days time so I'm telling
you guys when I'm picking it anyways as
always I love you guys all
and anyways as always I love you guys so
so much thank you for always supporting
me and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
