yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo what is already
welcome to another vlog so today's vlog
we're starting a little bit later than
usual but today is not going to be a
usual vlog we're going over to a theme
park what I know so far it's a Bollywood
theme park and it's just been open so
basically we're going to India today in
Dubai if that makes sense so let's head
over to Bollywood Lego yo I told you
guys I love Indian songs we're VIPs VIP
spine do let's go let's go we just made
it over to this place guys I'm not sure
exactly what's going over this is the
entrance which is pretty big
over there something is going on so
let's go whoa
I don't know what's happening guys I
don't want to miss it let's go let's go
so it's really really busy at the moment
guys I can barely move the zone and yeah
um one way in the back so you finally
managed to make it into the park guys it
is so busy today because just like the
grand opening but look at what's in
front of us
BAM look at that guy's oh is that the
Taj Mahal I think that's the Taj Mahal
it is beautiful I kind of want to walk
past the barriers and go inside but I
think it's closed
I think it's closed honestly if you look
behind me you would think that we're in
India right now look at that that looks
so realistic right now let's go around
explore this place a bit more I feel
like it's every man for himself at the
moment honestly there's no be over here
guys there's nobody mommy where have you
come what it's abandoned up here
where are you going so we've come over
to the first ride this is like I don't
know I don't know what it is it's a ride
guys Dada Dada Dada
we're just on the ride right now as you
can see guys it's like a virtual reality
ride
oh oh they're walking on an abandoned
train track oh my god oh my god no I I
hear a train sound is this a good this
could be a rider on right now imagine a
ride just comes ah let's go yeah I don't
think it's the smartest idea walking on
tracks yo look who we found over here
boys oh you found you know these bikes
that they use in India guys I've seen on
videos like in India I think they use
these a lot to get around
I think they're trying to teach us how
to dance up there hey are you ready two
dogs
the
one of the guys recognized the channel
and he made us known in dogs what else
is not I'm pretty sure the main theme of
this place is dancing guys everywhere we
go there's some sort of dancing going on
Jamar tomorrow
you're not
you know I can't believe they put us in
the crowd dancing like here I was so
awkward I was like I don't know it seems
unexpected guys I was watching that
something outside neucom you guys got I
know you because like what no anyways I
don't know what this is but this
actually looks really cool Wow
oh my god it looks like a palace over
here
Oh oh my goodness this is a restaurant
Wow
we're having a peach son not a very
Indian dish guys it's very it's very
normal but I mean it does the job it
does the job I'm sorry I'm very picky
with my food guys now that this is all
going to your side I don't I don't like
grass on my food the thing is we came to
eat because my mom was hungry guys she
had like one slice and I finished the
entire pizza like I ate all of it so I
don't know what's going on but they're
like club music here it doesn't sound
like Indian music
ah so we're right next to the entrance
right now but when we came here first it
was so busy we can show you but check
out like these huge elephants they have
over here whoa that is insane I like the
size of my sister guys and I look at the
elephants BAM
oh boy deep outside there's a club or
something that we can go through and
just check it out we're saying goodbye
for India guys goodbye see you soon I'm
pretty sure this is not how we leave yo
Johnny go up there and dance for people
imagine there's like a whole crowd there
guys we're entering the club as you can
see guy has a bunch of DJ stuff wait is
it open or is it closed I don't know am
I allowed in its a bouncer yes I made it
I made it as oh no that was a legitimate
bouncer at the door you saw that okay so
this is the club they have over here
guys check it out whoa I think that's
like the dance floor over there
we're going upstairs we are going
upstairs boy no oh this like a VIP
section guys this does not look VIP yo
okay we found the coolest section the DJ
booth
no no there's nobody here I came all run
our DJ's that we are not vijay imagine
that with my next career man
a little bit let's go VIP let's go I
want to see what VIP looks like oh whoa
we thought out there was the VIP guys
now you get to stand behind glass so
nobody can throw anything at me as well
because you know I got protection up
here thank you so much awesome seeing it
down remember me yeah that's bulletproof
grants Rhodey we still out here was the
VIP section I was like upstairs is VIP
no there's a proper section for that did
it uh where are we going no my ICU we're
out we're out thank you so much we were
too wild they kicked us out with two
wild man I was going crazy in that Club
well that's it for us today boys we out
we're gonna be going back to the bar
right now by the way look at this they
have like these huge hands over here
whoa try and do the hand gesture did it
add add data we're literally trying to
copy the hand gesture made in this
statue guys but you have to break your
fingers like it has to go back to do one
more time this has to be down here look
at that guy's pretty awesome stuff over
here yeah my car we found my car no it's
funny when you leave this place
you can still hear Indian music let me
show you one thing my sister did saw
when we came here we had this lair for
like VIP parking I don't know why my
sister thought we had to leave this VIP
carpark under my car to show that we're
VIP you're such a show-off
we're oh yeah it must be this and
displayed in car for complimenting oh
okay you know what she wasn't showing
off bye-bye
what has Hiromi whoa we clearly stopped
by our home to just relax for a bit guys
but look what we have here you guys may
think it looks like a blanket but no
what where's the cat she's good she was
there she was there and I thought
yo you played me on the vlog guys I
swear she was sleeping under there I
actually want to go over to the shopping
mall and there's one reason so you guys
know what the iPhone 7 came out these
ear pods came out now I never looked
into getting them because I thought they
were expensive they're like $150 but
apparently you can't even buy them
because they're so limited and I was
like really I didn't even think people
would buy them in the first place let
alone it sold out and you have to pay
way more for it so I want to go check
that when I go to like the Apple Store
or any other store to see if they have
these headphones we're on the main road
right now but why is there a boat on the
main road too
Megan what's going on there's a bull
that was here on the highway
Superman Superman Wow oh no yo yer damn
charger just electrocuted me no way look
at this guy is looser xenon oh they
don't see this somebody sent me and you
know man this is dangerous
I just educated my belly so we just made
it over to the moon guys and normally
you see this sound you hear it's the
sound of the AC but I never knew where I
was coming from but it comes from those
things I look at my hair it's blowing my
hair right now that is insane
I just bought a really really crazy
Mustang in the barking look at this bad
boy guys oh my goodness this is actually
a beast like if you guys can see the
whole bonnet is carbon fiber if you look
at a close-up this is ridiculous so I
quickly came to this shop which sells
Apple products guys and look at the
stuff they have they were like these
mini drones over here really nice it's
like an average size on this a mini one
and that's a big one the big wow so I
asked about the earpods guys apparently
they don't have them because they
haven't launched here that makes sense
anyways we came out and look what they
have over here there's an airplane what
what there's actually an airplane
simulator over here this is an a380
simulator they have over here so that
plane you saw on the outside that is
what it is good side guys I can
literally pretend I'm in an airplane
right now it looks so realistic I know
the photos they take so imagine this is
what a real airplane looks like oh my oh
oh okay I don't want to mess up any
buttons I'm out I'm out there you go
that is really really cool if I knew
have to fly the plane guys you best
believe I'll be taking this out the mall
right now
but I have no clue look at what they
have going on they like repair and make
shoes over here it's so awesome look at
that oh my god I don't know why it looks
so cool just to watch you know I was
literally standing there for 10 minutes
watching and while my sister was inside
and at one point I was like isn't it
weird for him that we're staring at him
constantly so we came looking around to
buy sneakers for my sister and look or
he ran into guys hi REE Anna Rihanna
make these shoes yeah no I'm sorry
that's just great great that's unique I
do have to say look they even have my
other crazy stuff I wouldn't be
surprised of Rihanna design that one at
the top as well that's also my Rihanna
no I called that Oh what did I tell you
what did I tell you I said it I was I
wouldn't be surprised so we actually
came over to a new spot to eat we've
never been here before but it looks
really cool from outside look at the
staircase it's like Christmas decorating
stuff by the way my mum's opening an
Instagram account soon so she's been
taking photos apparently their artist
Jana CFO's she's been taking her
Instagram - mommy please please
shouldn't I show them show them the
phone these are artistic photos this is
the next viral photo guys oh if you guys
followed my mum I don't even know what
to tell you the photo she's gonna post
are so bad she just took a picture of
those maps guys this this is her viral
photo idea right as we're about to leave
look another car with a carbon-fibre
bonnet
Oh what's up with the carbon fiber man
on the way home I got the same passenger
seat yeah boy Johnny for the music my
sister can't drive nobody caught you up
she started breaking me and you just
went to the other side no this is
actually so relaxing guys I can put my
feet up like oh yeah look at me oh yeah
I suppose we have no food at look at
that this is really cool comfort Oh put
some music on this is embarrassing don't
so somehow every single time my mom goes
to the supermarket she manages to find
something cool and look what she found
today BAM
she found a mini war melon this thing is
smaller than my hand look at it oh oh
it's blue it's blue
this is fresh oh my god mini war melon
taste test ok here goes nothing oh wow
mmm that's nice I'm gonna say goodnight
to every single one if you for now I'm
going to bed but just a heads up
tomorrow's vlog is going to be off the
roof like madness so stay tuned for that
it's just yeah I'm ready we're gonna say
anything else guys so I'll catch you
guys tomorrow don't forget I'm
announcing the iPhone giveaway in like a
couple days so make sure to subscribe if
you want to win an iPhone 7 and yeah
I'll catch you guys tomorrow I love you
all stay awesome and yeah dolly oh no
boom
