yo guys what is up welcome to another
vlog so today's vlog is actually gonna
be a very special one if you can't tell
already I'm starting today's vlog at my
boy Ross sheds house six months ago we
made a video devised most expensive
sneaker collection which was a very good
collection at the time was about fifty
shoes that's nothing compared to what
you're gonna see today today we're back
with devised biggest and best sneaker
collection let me show you some
expression and just tell you the first
youtuber and the first guy to come to my
sneaker oh say you're nuts a blaster
okay so that's my sneaker
so as you can see we just made it into
my boy sneaker room guys this place is
crazy and this is the first time the
public has ever seen it so the man
himself needs to give us a little tour
some heat
damn you already know muddy kicks packs
the heat
as you can see you got another comer
damn son my dishes you can't even buy
these anymore guys that's it
never again he's just out over jumpered
oh and these are the class the class TV
choose the red Octobers this is like
from your plastic this is neck confuse
ah this is actual steak skin right here
but don't want me to buy these fat Joe
I'm all the way that's really dope they
go on the door I'm gonna make sure to
put the prices of these shoes down below
guys because you have to know how
exclusive these are these three shoes I
literally I think maybe over ten
thousand dollars let's keep it moving I
know I know Russians got more guys she's
got way more from up NYC I think to the
most expensive cuff retailer puff of air
Jordan it's all $700 and these are like
some concepts as you can see the
difference these actually the really
cool guys I do have to I mean yeah I
just work out with these are different
these are special idea nobody has decent
oh boy nobody you can show your legs
inside oh I would say try that but I
don't want to see anybody if you don't
wear socks guys just know you're getting
exposed because you're gonna see your
toes in these Wow like you're that look
at that see through you know I wanted
these like this no told the guy are
these dead stop that stock has brand new
Fat Joe is like if it's that stock lik
this all no way no way that's the famous
thing that's odd
Big Sean collaboration with the adidas
okay really okay so nice you know with
pain in the world
a vicious that yes he has a quote I say
I'm still dreaming bigger than I'm
living oh these are these babies
aka for a monkey you want these Yeezys
first monkey guys these are legit Easy's
opinions is princess so this monkey good
princess is going to be wearing
Easy's and your voice out here with
these he's at the end of the floor he
could snake skin we just got started
right now yeah as you can see that was
just his front desk okay I suck I don't
know much about sneakers but these they
look nice
she's not sorted these are so limited
diet for me I just have to know how much
are these shoes these are buddies back
there that's believe that as you can see
use like some total once you got a
little Georgia one design of like last
access Chicago this is 24k gold fitted
Canadian don't forger and go play it
shoes right here these are one of my
favorites in the champagne if you guys
remember sneaker shopping with a
billionaire these shooters are not cheap
the cream ones you see these are the
most expensive shoes I've ever born
okay now my boy wash let's go one two
three and another one yeah which is
harder now 250
and another one where he has now so
these are something at this wonderful
selection Joe you're watching I don't
think you I don't think these Bennett I
know guys there you go I'm taking these
shoes they don't fit my boy wrong this
is Lana Jonathan hi guys
gifts with Russia there you go these are
bigger than my feet guys look at the
size of him oh my god
Oh sick I like to call that you don't
have them I like to call that the golden
child we're gonna stop playing games
with you guys because we've got one very
special pair of shoes over here in the
glass box I'm not even gonna say what
these are I'll let the man himself say
these are the air jordan xiii signed by
Michael Jordan for the haters there's a
certificate so did another pair say so
so far we've been showing you all the
sneakers guys but my boys also got the
most exclusive soccer shoes and it just
gets better so check this cabinet out
we're gonna stop all the way up for
knows Dino's there's only 3000 I got to
me in my brother no way this is the pair
of shoes I would actually kill rush it
for these are for my bro 4.1 the most
expensive soccer player in the world he
gave me these there's only 40 in the
world of these so it has these it came
in this bag a snakeskin bag wow that's
crazy as that's what's that you can put
these hashtag I will never have them
these are the rig I think they are these
are great in Jordan that I have is on
M&Ms
Eminem is the greatest rapper of all
time I don't care what I say
so these shoes are really special to me
because this shoe made me go to another
level
because as you know virtually has a beef
with Kanye West and I took out these
shoes and I threw it he Oh No
no I threw it and what the you know what
happens so bad that like there's some
tea guys he cracked the shoes so bad it
that's something and ah these will never
leave for like for my connection in are
these all you're going to be excited
about this see these hmm these are
special hey I know that pink Rihanna fur
oh this is called expansion there's one
more pair of shoes I want to show you
right now these have been in my eyes see
this is so cool right Russia you tell us
about these what are these the airmax
anniversary I wore these when I met
Nicki Minaj
no I said I smell her I had if there's
one thing I could take from this room
okay
if you don't know I love Cristiano
Ronaldo and my boy has a signed shirt
from Ronaldo I learned something from a
be done he told me it's all about
building contacts so I build my contacts
now I have everything cortex is much
important than money all right okay so
there you guys that was my boy Roshan
sneaker collection as you can see we
leveled it up on another level if any of
you think you can beat that comment down
below kiss icon icon the way my bank and
you just won 7-4 now it's been your boy
mo blocks and money cakes we out oh I
love cars more than I do shoes okay Ross
said he doesn't care about cars honestly
he doesn't care about cars but just just
look at these guys we got a Range Rover
we got a rolls-royce I mean he literally
couldn't care less that these are here
like he's all about his sneakers there's
an Aventador I haven't seen this thing
be driven for like two years now it has
a mood it actually has not moved and we
have an Audi r8 guys and there's there's
many more they're just probably out
somewhere right now
that's crazy wait why are you trying to
you're trying to break into your old
Lamborghini why don't you read this
ourselves like the senator yeah when I
just touch the dog yeah guys okay let's
not make the alarm go off let's not make
that arm go how many likes do you guys
want on this video he'll buy a
Lamborghini dead of the death in the
future and the Rose I love roses and I
like electricity we're not friends
anymore we're not friends anymore yeah
don't worry I'm gonna make him buy a
Bugatti when he's 20 years old I'm gonna
make you happen anyways boys for now I'm
heading out of here that was super super
awesome by the way I have to say I love
their gates guys check it out Oh a
security saying bye-bye to me bye-bye
cuz I have to be honest with you guys
that was also my first time seeing his
new sneaker room and that was insane but
yeah for now in ahead of home look how
dark the street is guys like honestly I
get scared every time I get scared it's
like a location that cannot be named
guys we're top secret location right now
so once I go home I'll continue the vlog
for now let me focus I don't want to get
lost because as you can see it's dark we
ran over to our friends place you guys
should know this place very very well I
think my mum and sister actually went
down III hate looking over here
yeah they're already down over there
somewhere
the thing is it's okay if you're
wondering what that was that was the
Range Rover SVR we drove a couple of
days ago it's loud we're about to have
Nando's it's been like such a long time
but check it out yeah think of this we
got some cheeky fries in here oh my god
guys the loss I had Nando's was probably
like six months ago
but funny my birthday actually so yeah
birthday again whoa whoa all right so
we're just at the pool relaxing guys
just sitting here talking and chatting
but this place is one of the craziest
wrinkles ever okay murder I know first
of all looking front of us guys you have
the Emirates Towers over there and then
up there is the building but most
importantly look inside this swimming
pool Wow
oh by like this the whole like it's
literally like a painting at the bottom
of the circle guys you have the fishies
you have everything it's just an amazing
designer I love it I love it it's
actually insane by the way check out
these balls guys they're actually like
really really hard
they're like solid look listen for this
okay so he quickly came to the gym area
guys I gave me with my friend because
we've been telling each other for like
three months that we're gonna come gym
together but we never do go go go go go
go go
you look like a duck honey Burnett that
burn that fat so mo is trying to do but
workouts now sports
he's marking out for all the ladies no
bigger bucks this would give you guys
yeah we can see you your butt's going
for now I'm heading out of here as much
as I'd love to work out guys I don't
have enough time but there are free
apples so you're ready now your boy your
boys take you down just put that ball in
your bucket and you are good to go good
night good night good night for now
we're actually heading out to go back
home boys you thought I didn't take the
Apple you saw I was lying then I
actually took the Apple home with me
guys I worked hard for this a green
apple for a green Lamborghini gasps I
like that so that's what you're doing
with it yeah this is the baby phenomenal
wrap up today's Loki I hope you have
enjoyed stay tuned and yet two more
something special might be coming to a
cat zoo tomorrow
I love you all and as always yawn yawn
oh boy Oh
