you're on good morning welcome to
another vlog so this morning my sister
was out tinting her car window while she
was tinting her window she actually got
a piece of foil if you guys see this
point it looks purple right but now it
looks green now what purple green is
actually a color-changing foil guys
based on like the angle it's so crazy
but look it's all purple off green right
now let me know do you think this should
be a wrap for our car imagine purple
green okay I know there's one thing all
if you're asking what happened to your
caramel you said you tell us tomorrow
the thing is yesterday I gave the guy an
offer so I'm just waiting for a cool
right now if he calls me and says yes
you best believe I'm going right now
withdrawing cash and paying for the car
like that's it that's all it takes a yes
right now but let's see I don't know
it's not looking too good since he
hasn't called me yet for me maybe
they're just trying to play hard-to-get
today were actually doing something a
little bit different so you guys know
this ginger cat that's like stray
outside our house I'm actually going to
be taking him to the vet today so we're
gonna actually try and see if he's a
lost cat cuz honestly I think he is a
lost cat if he's not a lost cat then
we're gonna neuter him Oh mommy mommy be
careful what that does is it makes him
calm down because at the moment he's
very uneasy because of all the hormones
he has he is such a friendly cat Oh
who's a good boy
here goes nothing guys I'm gonna try and
put the cat in this box let's see how
this goes yeah I think this is the big
one
just to be on the safe side guys my
sister is wearing some gloves because
we're scared he might try and scratch
her put it right at the end all right go
for it
in this food there's food gun gun yeah
inside we wait oh just sluggishness
noiselessly slowly he's in he's in he's
in he's eating going uh
as you can see guys he's making a lot of
noise so we're gonna quickly go let's go
to the vet
oh my baby oh don't touch it
so he's calmed down right now he's
calmed down guys if we don't look at him
and he won't me out okey-dokey
every time we make eye contact he meows
more lenka he's looking at my face right
now if I look at him
you'll start me out Oh for like five
minutes away from the vet right now but
he's peed on the steak it stinks so bad
oh my god why why you pee why you pee
he's like I don't care
I peed cuz I peed that's what you say
guys so we just made over to the vet
guys the cat is being taken care of but
look at the cats they have over here
check these out all these three are all
from the same mom these are all brothers
and sisters look at them they're
adorable
mummy's inside here she's like a white
cat guys really cool but look at these
that looks like we named the joy oh by
the way the cat we just brought here we
have a name for him now it's called
George so instead according your ginger
cat we're gonna call him George from now
on Rudy's trying to bite my hand Oh
mission accomplished the cat is in there
guys I just want to say like the place
we came is pet zone okay I'm gonna show
you right now as you guys can see this
is where we came if you are somebody
that can adopt a cat please try to do so
I saw so many cats and they're for
adoption they're adorable they just
don't have home so guys please if you
can't do anything I'll try and leave
like a number down below you can cool I
love cats I love cats so much guys so
when I see them without a home breaks my
heart
George which is now the
you really watch off in there without
your neighbor and Billy
so recently they feel like you're huge
canal and divide on the way home we
decided to stop by here and if you look
at this bridge this is that you know the
main road we come on this is that road
so above us there's like hundreds of
cars passing by but what I want to show
you is the actual canal there's a huge
waterfall it looks amazing
let's go over there so we just made it
over to the working out guys and I don't
even want to speak just look at it for
yourselves okay
oh my god this is so beautiful guys I
they've literally attached a waterfall
to the bridge and it's just ah amazing I
love that device they always try it up
the game they're always trying to bring
something better and cooler for the
people so it's just awesome the canal
looks amazing I look in it it's massive
like I wouldn't be surprised if this is
one of the world's biggest canals but
it's just on another level guys oh the
middle section turned off oh it's
turning off what wait what's happening
what's happening guys oh my god what
what maybe this is how like boats go by
Wow oh my god there's a boat coming I
didn't even know that that is so cool so
the boat is so if there's a boat going
by that open to owners 100 there's a
boat coming out the wharf will turned
off to let the boats come through it
guys Wow
okay now this this is something I've
never seen happen before guys Wow that
is what you call crazy and that is a
taxi by the way guys that's a boat taxi
it says RTA on it so that's insane oh
there you go
oh my god Wow that first time being here
we're lucky enough to be I didn't even
know that happened until now like I just
saw it for the first times you can
actually cross the bridge guys so that's
what we're gonna go and do right now
there's elevators over here need to walk
across so I want to go see the other
side I know it's the same but I just
want to see it I just want to see it
hurry
ah do you hear that music guys
relaxing music ever you know when I sit
on top of the bridges the cars guys this
is what is on top of the bridge like
it's the main main main road wow I've
never been here because normally you
can't stand on the main road but because
of what they've done now there's like a
little walking space so it's actually
really really cool there is a log oh
that cars
quick okay let's go to this side guys
there's a lot of cars on this bridge I
just want to say you know it's really
cool guys there's literally a radar
system here what this is like the worst
nightmare for a driver who's reading I
imagine the thing is I reckon if I stand
there I could get inside a bowl imagine
it's only speeds by up on my head there
you have more vlogs and a car speeding
but yeah if you're wondering right now
we're literally on top of the waterfall
if you can see that whoa
just behind obey the law
and always ago
at the bottom
for the people that say I never take you
to new places well there you go you see
we didn't know them exploring with no
this place just opened up so yeah
goodbye goodbye goodbye yo yo yo yo you
already know what it is guys we just
made it home for now we're gonna head
out
so yeah mommy deserves to go out with us
mommy let's go let's go do some shopping
for you right now I'm kidding I'm not
buying or anything
the reason we're actually heading out
right now is because if you guys didn't
know I'm giving away an iPhone 7 but
look my old mum her iPhone is broken
guys look at that that is insane we're
gonna go fix her phone so you guys you
have a privilege I'm literally giving
you guys a free iPhone 7 my mom stuck
stuck on the iPhone 5 grind okay
if that doesn't deserve a subscribe
subscribe right now and also guys please
make sure to follow me on Instagram I'm
doing another giveaway on there soon the
name is mole on your score blogs
underscore right there the names right
there there is a really cool Lamborghini
behind us guys and orange Aventador
orange event who knows it could be one
of our friends I'm not even sure race me
come at me bro you got nothing on me
that's alright they are there they heard
it damn sod today's a lucky day when it
comes to cars look at what we just saw
in the parking whoa like a reggie wagon
that is beautiful that is got a kid that
is soul mate all jalaja monkey i don't
know what kid that is well I've heard of
it before
pema a visit hey mister I don't know and
first up we've come to is we're gonna
give my mom's phone in for a pair so
goodbye broken phone we're gonna pick it
up in like 30 minutes and hopefully yeah
will be fixed up so I mean here you go
dead a ton
I just mess off you guys from Saudi or
say what's so I forbid surely a toy
store
I know I know I know you have two videos
yeah but what's the new toy channel oh
they just know I make car videos that's
it I came on something to to get if you
have a game like oh my god they actually
have something really cool over here
look at that and this is a full tree Wow
oh my god does this even work there's
something inside it guys what does this
do
I think this actually moves it's talking
so he came back from my mom's phone guys
apparently only takes half an hour so oh
let's see oh yeah mommy phone you phone
I like that I like that look at that
guys it's not broken anymore Oh
falling for nobody
so because the moon was closing guys we
stopped by our local shawarma fish to
have a little bite of food as you can
see fatty boom-boom over here wanted to
come here fatty boom-boom me I could you
valuable room guys I'm having one
shawarma okay one and I'm a big guy
she's having two to one thing I want to
do tonight is I'm gonna use this thing
so yes there for this this is snow it's
like this basically what it is is you
put water to this and it turns into snow
kind of let's try out Wow look at that
it stuck it's expired yeah it's expired
why is he not coming out oh is that it
is that hey I there you go
this is supposed to expand a hundred
times in size okay are you ready three
two one let's go
look at that oh my god can we keep going
alright three two one snow oh hey kind
of work I wanna watch this guy go with
the snow let go all of this snow no
there's actually still ski yeah I have
nothing else to say guys but that is how
you turn water to snow oh we have a
snowball into our hands it's like snow
but don't do that it's so weird
my brother's torturing me I saw he wants
me to take a nice thumbnail journey for
wagging so much saying that we don't
know how to take a photo the dog hey you
know your toys it like I do
ah
Mummy Mummy tell them something this is
like diarrhea I'm gonna say good night
everybody I'm wrapping out today's vlog
here as always stay awesome I know I say
this a lot guys but I sort of say again
I really really appreciate you guys
supporting the channel light it's just
been so overwhelming and yeah I can't
wait to see George tomorrow if you don't
already know George is that ginger can't
you take to the vet today so yeah catch
you guys then and let's see how he gets
along all right peace out y'all Yolo boy
Oh
