by the way guys check out who I'm a I'm
a Sonia right now yo yo yo what is that
welcome to another vlog so today is
actually probably a very unexpected day
for you guys I might be buying a car
today show I told you that I wasn't
gonna tell you guys until it happens and
basically all my friends called me a car
came up that I really like so we're
gonna go check it out today see what's
up and yeah I could actually be putting
down a deposit for it today so let's go
see what's up I'm not sure if I'll show
you the car yet but let's just go and
have an awesome day guys let's do this
Oh
No
I don't know why guys but I sniff your
really really good today I feel like the
weather the day is just giving me a
signal that this car which I'm looking
at it's just gonna be the one you know I
think it is gonna be the one so I hope
it is the one guys because I just want a
car I just want a new car so I just made
it over to my friend's place she's
actually coming up and I'm going with
him to see the car but while I'm here I
actually thought you this car they got a
brand new Ranger abode I don't know man
something about this car I love like the
Range Rovers are so comfortable when you
see inside I look at the interior I love
that cream by the way anyways once it
gets here we should be going to see this
car and yeah I don't want to give it
away yet guys because if it doesn't
happen then you're gonna be like what
how the hell did you stop from this car
to this car by the way I get so freaked
out every time I come here it's like 16
floors high and look it's just open like
the balcony is so low as well like if I
fall over I could actually go down there
yeah but I guess we freaked out you in
standing here hi okay you know let's
back out let's back off and just not do
dumb stuff like that I see people like
standing on the edge and I'm like what
the hell is wrong with you know the
people on line that go on top of
buildings and I literally tiptoe on the
edge
they crazy so right now we're on the way
to go see the car guys but we actually
ran out of petrol so you're just going
to stop by to pump some gas this is a
Range Rover SVR guys if you don't
recognize it look at the seats on this
car like it's just so gorgeous of the
interior oh I love that carbon fiber
anyways once we get to the car I'll keep
you updated on how it goes so right now
we actually just finished up with
checking the car that I was looking at
guys the car looks good so far the thing
is I would show you guys but I didn't
want to make it seem like I was only
going there to record the car and that's
it so I just looked around so hopefully
if it does go through the next two days
I'll be paying for it guys but that is
it so we just came to another showroom
of cars guys because I want to check out
some other stuff so so right now as I
mentioned we're in another showroom and
I'm checking out a couple of cars over
here so the first one is a BMW i8 this
one actually look really cool - check it
out oh but they also accidentally gave
me a Bugatti key there's a Bugatti on
the right side you know what why not
take the key and check that out as well
but yeah man there's so many cars I'm
just looking around at the moment I love
the interior on these cars they just
honestly look so so cool I had to show
you this Rolls Royce look at the color
on this it's like this two-tone purple
it looks gorgeous in my opinion like you
know when you put this next like a
normal color just look at it it pops out
so much right now like oh this is a
ghost by the way anyways we're looking
around at some cars at the moment
there's so many over here as I said guys
I'm still in the thinking process and
when I see too many cars it kind of
mumbles up my opinions but we did see
one today and I think I am gonna go for
the one that we saw and I didn't tell
you or show you what it is but yeah I
don't know so one of the cars has
actually gained my attention guys is
this white SLS I love the doors on these
cars you see how it's like a wing I'm
gonna switch this bad boy on apparently
it sounds really loud guys
I thought why not also take a look at
this as it is in my budget range guys
but look at it honestly the doors on
this thing are like ridiculous they kind
of open like a spaceship let's start
this on
pretty loud
bring it out honestly this would be the
car that I'd buy if I had the money like
a nice colored Aventador GAD but for now
we're gonna we're gonna slowly build up
to it
I think the first car we sold today I'm
gonna give the guy an offer so if he
accepts it maybe tomorrow we'll go and
get that car all right let's try him go
get one all right it went from a running
over situation to the guy knowing me so
that's that's good I thought he was
honking because he was mad so I'm
actually gonna be hopping into the SVR
to drive it just to see how it feels
guys this car is not a normal four by
four it's like super powerful so let's
go see what's up I'm behind the wheel of
the SVR guys as you can see a little bit
of traffic in front of us but this car
is so loud keep your ears open check
this out
today we've been looking at a lot of
cars I know I haven't looked too many of
them but as I said I don't want to come
across as somebody that's going just a
video you know so I wanted to look like
a serious buyer guys so me and my friend
came over to louboutin because she loves
Louboutins guys I'm not like really a
fancy shoe person because like honestly
all these shoes and Louboutin are super
expensive and you already know your boy
bought a simple guy okay but we're gonna
try one on I'm gonna try my first ever
Louboutins don't worry I'm not buying
them guys don't worry but I just want to
see how is I've never actually tried
them maybe they're super comfortable I
don't know these are the ones I'm gonna
try on super super funky so let's see
how they look on me as you can see the
shoes I'm wearing right now they don't
even compare to these I just tried them
on guys and bam check your boy outlet we
got matching shoes over here that's
what's up so midway through trying on
the shoes guys my sister code they are
finally ready to come out whoa
those fans make way too much noise
anyways we're on our way to go pick up
my on the sister I want you guys to
listen to this car when it's in the
tunnel so we're just approaching one as
soon as we get there I want to bring the
windows down and you can listen to the
car roar okay
ready for this three
I say guys you heard that exploded the
toggle oh my god wow it was a good boy
mommy mommy mommy mama mama mama
everybody's ready now guys we quickly
came and picked up my mother sister
we're about to head out this guy he just
won't let us go anybody complaining
mister complaining oh my god I'll tell
you the reason why he's so loud guys we
need to chop off down there and we need
to chop off his the auto UI it's not
because they're basically cats when they
have their area down there
they're super hormonal so if we chop it
off you'll become oh my boy Noah he got
a big banana that's right guys he got a
huge banana it's literally bigger than
his body guys check this out
look at this he's tiny compared to the
banana anyways were our friend's house
and you know what's even cooler guys
look at the Christmas tree that is
awesome this thing if you look inside it
it's constantly rotating it is so cool
how to work berries batteries
uh yeah Oh some sort of gravity machine
guys there's no gifts where's your gifts
you haven't go gifts yet I'm teasing him
okay how about this if Santa doesn't
give you a gift tomorrow I'll buy
echoing you at you I'm buying a car did
you know that for now my saying goodbye
to Noah guys I'm leaving him he's got
school tomorrow so he needs to wake up
super early but look at what he drew
guys damn kids got talent so we just
made it over here guys we're trying to
find somewhere to eat like there's a
bunch of restaurants in this place
everyone hey what's up
Shalit to this awesome guy recognized
the chance I miss Muhammad from loveless
he's my best friend from long time in
YouTube lady yeah so thank you I
appreciate you see I should don't want
ellen and britney Spears's guys they
went around and they said they're famous
and got like free every - sure but not
yo put me out with some ice cream oh my
god they have these like coloured shisha
pipes wow look at that that's like a
snake guys do you see that that's insane
Wow look at this what is this stuff guys
they got like a bunch of wouldn't wear
would you put this in your house stuff
you just put it on the wall a big wheel
so we just finished eating guys and I'm
actually going back to the ice cream
place with a guy recognized me he
actually told me please please please
come back after you ate so yeah I don't
know the things I don't want to take ice
cream from him but I think you'd get
upset cuz I know please make sure you
come back on three and we're like okay
fine we'll come and he was like what
time what time we told him what he will
come before twelve but yeah man I got
was super super nice like you know when
people are good at heart like he was one
of those guys and I just want to say
huge shots and the GP is like the most
awesome guy I met we're really good at
heart so I appreciate it thank you so
much if you ever see him make sure to
come to him and say hi alright hi Elia
and peace double again for short and
here's as I said guys he hooked it up
the thing is he didn't even let us pay
like but it wasn't a matter of fact like
him being on the blog or anything he
didn't even offer it I was like you
wanna be on it he was like yeah sure why
not so yeah awesome guy thank you for
the ice cream I appreciate it and it's
actually really nice like chocolate
latte by the way guys check out who I
met I met Sam you right now I actually
saw everyone I saw you in the more like
two months ago
awesome footballer good to see you in
the back peace out
they're super awesome that ISO right now
like I saw them a couple months ago in
the morning literally walked by me so
it's crazy to see him again now like and
the great thing is he actually
recognized it because I think he knows
Yanni so he must have seen me on Yanni's
video so awesome cool guy cool guy Wow
look at the flowers they have over here
whoa that is awesome are these real
Wow yeah they are real that's crazy so
the place we've come to now is like an
outdoor seating area or you have like
tea and coffee but look at the roof it
looks so so cool guys I love that is
insane it is you're like outdoor tent
we're having some Moroccan tea as you
guys can see check it out check it out
and some cakes
oh those cakes look juicy guys let's
check it out oh I thought you were gonna
do the market tea style hi hi hi hi hi
hi oh we just finished having Archie
over here guys so we're heading out you
guys should remember this place because
we stayed here for one day right you
guys should know that from this
chandelier this magnificent one they
have over here and when we stage here
down there's where we had our breakfast
as always you already know what it is it
wouldn't be more vlogs if we didn't
check out some cars oh oh oh this is
this is what you could Double Trouble
guys this is your daily driver you know
just just go around with and this this
is your weekend killer we quickly came
to pump some gas guys but there's
actually an Aventador pulling up
- coming is he coming he's coming he's
going design this is origin trap Wow
so you just made a whole lot of cool
stuff has happened today I'm super
excited but before our today's vlog I
thought me and my ball we're gonna open
so your package is in case so without
further ado let's get straight into this
whoo all right what do we have over here
you are you guys ready to see what it is
her what to be happy what it's a hand
crafted cable what you shout out to Jan
for sending us these basically he saw
the blog in my blog basically my iphone
cable is so badly broken guys like the
cable is basically like one little metal
piece connected like any day now it's
gonna rip so he said I basically felt
sorry for you and I sent you these oh my
god my cat okay what is this whoa we
have a pokeball here goes nothing are
you ready to open the pokeball three two
one boo oh I thought it was gonna be a
pic achoo inside what is this I've never
seen these Pokemon before anyways thanks
again I appreciate it and yeah that is
melt and calm please one more thing I
want to say that I need to take down if
you see this on my walls I put this up
when I just got 1 million subscribers I
think it's time we took it down gasps
whoa 1 million is a huge number guys and
until now it's so crazy that we're at 2
million like 2 million is double that
guys like it's 1 million again like it's
1 million plus one minutes so I love you
all and that is why I do giveaways like
this guys I actually just took out the
iPod to see if it's still in the box
don't worry guys the iPhone is still
here live even turned it on for you guys
look at that hey Scott you guys some
more I love you all
Yolo Yolo goodbye bones
