yo yo everyone what is up how you doing
so today's gonna be an awesome awesome
day I'm actually heading over to my boy
Raj's house and hopefully today the plan
is we're gonna be doing some jus mugging
in the desert so let's head out guys and
I'll see you once I get to his house
let's do this
whoa check it out guys look where we are
right now we got the crib it's been a
long time since I've been here but you
already know this place is always
beautiful look at these guys oh the
famous crib all right so check it out
guys we finally made it over to the crib
you already know what it is it's super
late though guys so we're heading
straight out into the desert right now
to do some gym buggy let's go nobody so
right now my boy had not just made it
guys in our left we're gonna go bear
racing you ready let's go
we didn't even go over he's going so
slow right now he's coming
so we just made it over to the spot guys
we got Eddie in the building we got my
brother over here that's also my camera
bro oh oh hey my quick something these
two guys have taken the big buggies but
you already know I'm living life on the
edge I'm taking this you have to come
see oh yeah yeah Eddie Eddie do the
break if I get ants do the fade and
there is all about two going guys they
wanted the safe one guys which is the
one with all of like the yo what are you
doing
apparently I have to wear a helmet I
want to go on the buggies guys so let's
get it as you can see they got a bunch
over here
Oh oh boy you know I feel safer already
you look serious I feel like it's more
dangerous now that I feel better without
the helmet guys but let's get it dies
you can see we're in the desert right
now I don't even know what I'm doing
he is such a douchebag you put a sign in
my face I literally got stuck in the
desert right now guys but my boy jump
down we had to lift the car out I don't
know where Washington nevla are so we
have to try and find them ha ha ha
Russian is suck oh my god
we're stuck really really badly guys I
we've tried everything so we actually
have to dig the car out because at the
moment the sand is like stuck around the
wheels so be like a camel's gonna come
and he's killer so basically what we're
gonna try to do now is push the car out
with the other car I don't know if this
is gonna work but I'm gonna reverse mine
oh here we go
we tied it with my car I didn't worry Oh
daddy Oh buy one
Oh oh my god Oh bro you almost ate it so
bad I got so much sand in my eyes I
don't even know what I'm doing I almost
missed the call no good idea we're gonna
go try and push that car out
oh I'm where instead so there's no such
stuff so you're gonna get stuck you're
gonna get stuck all right so as you can
see we're kind of screwed right now guys
I know or even a GPS in the swamp
it is a year yeah we're done for we're
do so help just arrived guys uh ah cool
more books there's like probably some
there's probably a couple of these bad
boys buried in the sand here cuz there's
a Russian guys go guys you got this boy
roar shit you're saved
make big thank you I'm actually gonna
switch into the big June skies I'm
laying my boy drive this this is scary
like this is seriously scary at night
like you can barely see anything and you
have no protection so yeah let's see how
this goes okay so apparently the
seatbelt is not opening guys Marwan
define what is spell hama see but I went
to school for seatbelts sorry Marwan
this one looks like are you ready
hell no dangerous
in this dangerous so you need to feel
dangerous
it's a desert you can go anywhere you
want
you don't understand how leaning how
much we're leaning this guy
oh my god all right if I don't make it
in the next video or something you know
what happened to me oh he's driving
through someone's vegetable patch
we got a smart driver because obviously
I was too good so he got scared he'll
know
this guy's Manny's day we got a psycho
mine
I just switched back to my quad bike
it's better than going with them even
though this good bike has no cage I feel
safer I honestly feel safer in this if
there are speeding cameras you best
believe there are speeding cameras in
the desert you would have got fine so
many times hi guys so we just finished
up with all the quad biking actually got
lost I was in there for like 20 minutes
without anybody and yeah finally
somebody came to save me without super
super awesome thank you guys
thank you for leaving me half an hour in
the desert by myself well we're right
funny and you're like next building over
you know what's really funny guys they
literally have mini quad bikes over here
like if you look at the size of this
thing but I don't even know who fits on
here the diaper babies it's so short so
look at the amount of sand that we have
in our shoes from that trip go for it
guys empty out Oh
yours was like it just was billowing out
mine was that I got one more shooter
shoot let's see what the shooter this
shoe is pretty bad I don't know let's
see your other one was really bad let's
see if this one compares oh yeah yeah
see oh my god bro dude there there's
videos online where they spend like 24
hours in shops guys I spent 24 hours in
the desert damn you know what
nonetheless and look at his shoes they
tell the truth alright so right now is
too much dude
let's do a chit oh yeah let's tote it
down guys okay right now I'd also go
okay so right now we came over to this
place guys it's supposed to be like some
sort or like eating event I know that
sounds weird there's like a bunch of
trucks with food inside them and it's on
a golf course so we're gonna go check it
out see what's up whoa check this out
guys it's actually a pretty cool car
over here I don't know what this is but
it looks pretty fancy what is it ah shit
the king of cars it is a Caterham what
is a Caterham
what's the seal alert dumbbell alert
bomb alert my new car we just made it
inside here guys and honestly I've never
been somewhere more busy like it's like
yeah we're fanboys out here you know I
love no clothes
I like that like a scared Allah because
you know what I used to watch your thing
oh yeah
UK just like them I'm gonna see this guy
wanna come on so we did it
happy right I want it to happen but a
boy with the Ferraris I eat soon come
all right have a good one this hour
there god bless Hey
we all listen to that music guys rock on
oh we're not allowed to be here oh I
can't sit there oh oh so we made out of
that craziness as you can see craziness
like the boys stayed over there like
fatty at number they've used to it
they're used to that type of stuff my
eyes we're gonna head out to somewhere a
bit more relaxed and have some dinner
guys so we just came over to the mall to
eat guys but look at what I see what
there is a lamborghini SV here in yellow
and it's a roadster like the roof comes
down guys that that is one gorgeous car
oh my god what a beauty so we just came
over to the gaming section guys and
somebody won the jackpot like literally
on this machine it's just going and
going and going and going
that was the jig insane he won a lot two
machines I'm not sure if you saw that
the machine on the right is well I knew
it
how did you with both machines all
having dinner
oh my god there or what guys the guy has
got like millions a ticket so we
actually won the jackpot you guys check
it out you already know what it is we
got all of these yeah swipe the card
whoo yes
so I actually managed to find something
pretty cool that I've been looking for
guys in my hand this white powder
basically if you add more to it it like
expands and becomes snow so I'm gonna
buy this and try out at home all right
let me put it in my pocket guys I
promise I'm not shoplifting I'm just I
don't have anything else to hold it with
but secondly guys look at these hats
they are the coolest hats I've ever seen
for riding a bike imagine riding around
with that you're gonna be like the
coolest kid at it look at the girl 1 do
they have guys that is so so funky so I
was just passing by this watch store and
I remembered that I told you guys to
pick a watch for our 2 million
subscribers but I ran across this swatch
I don't know why I really like it let me
know in the comment section if you think
I should get it because I was trying to
read through your comments and there is
so many different watches that I don't
even know which one to pick so I was
like let me just go find one which I
like so let me know if you think I
should buy this as are like 2 million
subscriber watch or if not then also
tell me down below I think it looks
really really nice it's like simple
elegant type of watch anyways guys I
just stopped by just said hi to some
friends and wanted to look at the watch
but yeah comment down below if I should
get this just to show you a bit closer
guys I think it looks dope like I love
metal straps and gold like that's just
so cool so I just made a home right now
guys and I'm actually going to do
something a little bit different it's
gonna be like a throwback
oh oh
sig on that anyways that's also I say
guys let me do something a little bit
different so basically ten days ago
me and the boys became passing a token
when I had some fun I blogged it but I
never end up putting in the vlog because
I just had way too much footage that
they sold you're gonna
seeing a little throwback unseen blog
okay
I'll catch you guys after the throwback
vlog okay so check it out guys I just
made over to the boys what's up what's
up what's up I don't know how everybody
convinced me to come back on this ride
guys but all four of us are trying it
out so you already know what it is let's
do this guy's hi guys this camera is
going away you're going to get the
footage from that camera
I'm so great I feel sick I have no idea
what that opt-in to the courts we just
finished up with that crazy ride guys
and check out the footage on Corrine's
camera we were literally like retarded
in there you fell down there guys I felt
so sick half my baby is out and you feel
sick I love it it good it doesn't mean
we are him we are him Kareem's drink is
stuck right now I can it is I don't
normally do this but just for you Kareem
oh yes yes yes very spare guys you see
now so you came over to a charm panini
section guys you already know let's get
it oh oh what did you just do I hurt him
oh my god did you hit the noice you had
the noise yeah
we just finished up over here guys
that's around I'm heading out without
you say yeah be quiet
whoa all right so we are back home now
back to the present day I hope you guys
liked that little throwback vlog or
whatever you want to call it anyways I'm
actually in a wrap up today's book you
guys I hope you have enjoyed if you have
smash the like button and I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog okay
tomorrow something special might be
happening I'll keep you updated on that
alright stay awesome I love you will
yell do know bye
boom
