yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so you guys should already
know how I want to start off today's
vlog so if you didn't see already
yesterday I bought this really cool gas
torch I've been having way too much fun
with it guys look at this fuel that is
so great I don't know how it does hey
guys it's sometimes suddenly does big
flames
the first thing I'm actually gonna burn
with my torch is this this is like a
year old like nobody ate it and it is
extremely expired I just so look at it
it's just so too stiff are you ready to
see how this goes
look at that oh my god dad this is what
you call a molten marshmallow guys it
actually doesn't really burn it kind of
cooks if you know what I mean ah take a
look at this guys look what happens when
you break this marshmallow whoa
the parts that are burnt have literally
become my chewing gum right now I'm
gonna stop using this because honestly I
still don't trust it like in my head I
feel like this gonna blow up so I did
tell you yesterday that today I'm
meeting up with one of my friends that
you guys haven't seen on the vlog for a
while the reason you haven't seen him is
because he was actually in America and
if you guys haven't already guessed who
it is I'm meeting up with my boy Roshan
aka the billionaire
anyways because I'm gonna go see my boy
wash it it's only right that I wear a
good pair of shoes guys you know what I
think I need to start wearing these
again the 7210 yeah boy alright so I
just made it over here to the MU guys my
boy rock shirt should be here soon I'm
actually really tired right now so I'm
actually gonna get myself a tea before
he gets here so I got my tea guys but
look who else we have over here ah shit
is in the building all the way from New
York then we got my boy
fatty over here Rasha just had one week
of craziness in New York guys him and
fatty were around with Fat Joe if you
see my snap and I was carrying the line
the line green I was I you know was the
god hundred line we got a zoo in his
house that was crazy in the middle of
the zoo he got a sneaker room he
collected I just want to say while rush
it was out there in New York he was
buying a ton of shoes I'll let him tell
you how many balls you can buy how is at
28 28
he bought so many shoes he couldn't
bring them back with himself he shipped
the shoes over separately guys so once
they get here we've got like $100,000
worth of shoes coming I don't even know
how much he bought the whole store guys
anyway anyways dessert just got here as
you can see you already know my man
fatty loves his dessert
love the fatty cakes that's what's up
you nickname alert special guests alert
guys what up what up everybody what's
going down and not in the building
breaking down hey the dawn ster aka had
1988 he don't go to America because
there's a wall now I'm sorry I know
answer Mexico so you to the wall being
built you gon go back on the minstrel
show you angry us right now so to finish
up our dessert guys we're having
something from chocolate shots don't
actually drink your you spoon it you
take a little shop you take it like a
song hands hook to hit with my life I'm
gonna try it guys I'm not gonna drink
your pudding
oh you love chocolate you would be time
for this
you can't drink it's okay it's big Sun
hi it's so good though man who talked to
Johnny haha so big'uns Rajan went to
America he thinks he's a basketball her
down
I really look at how he's shooting look
how high I what do I win I win all of
your shoes yeah
I'm buying the cheapest shoes ever
I don't think over the window so now
it's Blockbuster and I'm gonna start
walking like it yo guys check it out
here comes blogs it is done let's see
how we're gonna get some oh here we go
baby
yeah baby have faith vlogs oh she's
looking pretty good right now
blogs is bringing out his a-game he
ain't messing around what do you have to
say about that alright
because there is still a fucking blog
his balls got stolen
ah here we go round two Brown Jill
tickle my shoe have a level ooh broad
times the fuck the machine singing there
now whoo whoo oh ha ha ha blogs going
crazy right now this is a battle oh it's
a close game ball blogs pulled away at
the last second whoo 1 1 I like that I
like that Eddie run guys we're just
having a little bit of fun over here but
this right behind me this is actually a
crazy fight what's when it goes up that
is pretty scary check it out that's the
ride on stalking now guys this ride is
actually really scary once you're oh I
finished as soon as I started looking at
videos
oh no there we go the ball there we go
look at it
look at what happened to that ride that
is so weird
it actually bends oh my god
now that is what you go crazy ah steam
is first rolling skies Oh Nikes thanks I
heard that I heard that and then we got
them coming back up and then Raj is
still little even the pillows governor's
number of logs is making the voices come
back oh my gosh I don't know why I'm
talking so fast but it's pretty but it
was do it oh oh oh
vlogs is Ken oh it took do it oh my god
is it go Oh bro again wrong so you come
to eat guys and these guys yeah up to a
sushi blade you guys know how much I I
don't love sushi but the only thing I
like it's look all of the food goes and
comes y'all won't watch that day they
have a fried one grab a buddy
yes strong again thank you guys you're
not going past this territory get after
this it goes around the whole restaurant
I'm not risking my fabric so right now
me and my mom came to the nail salon and
yeah we just did our nails together we
thought we should do something girly for
a change I'm actually waiting here for
my best friend and her family to join us
so the cars parked over there and she's
going to be reuniting with her twins so
there's gonna be two purple hurricanes
and I think a Ferrari joining us too so
yeah reuniting with the twins
Oh check out the cars Wow squat goes
rolling out together guys
we just arrived here and the little
buggy stopped over here how cute are
these things and yeah we're gonna go sit
inside Moe will be joining us so that's
great
and yeah the views here are incredible
guys for now Eddie and the crew are
heading out peace out
yelling only two men standing here me
rock shirt that's it guys everyone else
left up there too tired apparently all
right good night grandpa
yeah help see you see somebody see you
soon so check it out guys they just
poured the ginger force these are
limited edition let me know if I should
get them these actually the most
expensive buy retail Jordan's the K and
I know he's already got them he's
already gonna be chosen in America guys
they're coming they're shipping doubles
and you look very bad function I'll box
in your 30 shoes yeah yeah as vicious as
he can every shoe is he guys like he
should watch shoes for over $1000 each I
see a wall I'm just gonna be straight up
with you guys I don't know much about
shoes but this shoe right here you can't
get like honestly you can't get
basically upon the sneaker head Nike Air
Bases
but what that means is these are samples
so they're not even released ceases
promo
damn son that's why you know they're
limited guys right now we're heading out
my boy Roshan actually went and got
another pair of those shoes I showed you
like he doubles up on she's basically he
buys one to keep mint condition and once
aware its I want to rock want to stop
yeah I'm glad he's that guys he's safe
Donald Trump could not touch my boy
rushes back once all the shoes come you
have something very special to show you
do stay tuned I mean dude it's so
special you guys are gonna flip out once
you see why I'm showing you a freestyle
and also I catch you guys later
Oh
oh all right guys so right now I'm gonna
go me out with my mum and sister they're
out with our friends so I'm gonna go me
out with them but don't worry
hopefully they vlog parts of it for you
guys so let's go see what they're doing
nobody so I just made it over to where
my mum and sister should be guys and
this place is actually so cool like I've
been to this hotel before all the houses
they kind of look like that Chinese
themed house if you know what I mean
okay before I go to my mom and sister
guys let me show you the swimming pools
they have here these they're like villas
and in between every villa there's a
stream oh it looks so beautiful and you
can actually buy these houses but
they're super expensive guys yes oh my
god guys look at this view tell me that
does not look beautiful like that is
ridiculous I don't know if you can buy
them or if it's just a hotel but I'm
pretty sure you can buy them and rent it
out as a hotel like you know I don't
know how to explain it but anyways that
that's beautiful anyways absolutely love
the pathway over here like it's just so
cool to walk by and yeah it's very like
natural if you know what I mean so check
it out guys I just made it over to the
restaurant and you can see what's up
what's up and our dish just got you this
is calamari
what is that shrimps talk to this fried
octopus yeah I'm gonna pass on that one
guys I'm just gonna wait for my pizza to
get here but it looks like chicken or
shrimp Slyke guys look at that
that's octopus right there oh my god
anyways guys I just quickly came by the
shore because I just want to say this
place is like one of the most beautiful
places ever we came here like ages ago
like maybe five months ago if you guys
remember it's I by the beach it's so
relaxing like even there's like some
boats over here I'm not sure if you can
go on them but there's nobody on it
right now
and this is where we're having dinner
like it's just like at relaxed place you
sit down you eat by the way guys check
out this little building thing they have
going on
next to the restaurant I don't know what
it is but it looks really cool inside it
there's a bunch of like candles hanging
in there that's awesome right look at
this magic trick over here
this is an empty glass with a bunch of
smoke in there it will refill its magic
guys you don't know how we do it no look
at this there's more smoke there isn't
water smoke hookah guys comment down
below if you know I did that magic with
more there you go
for now we're just about to head out
guys check it out our friends came in
the yellow Ferrari then obviously my
sister in the first war cam and then the
last purple rockin over here so the
squad rolled out today as a group as you
can see purple purple yellow and then my
car I don't even know where is they they
left my car out for now we're driving so
I'll catch you guys once we get home and
an awesome day with all my friends
so can you stop by the supermarket guys
and check out why Bell what so did I do
the shoutouts somebody who is it
shoutouts all my peeps at DIA and all my
homies and everyone who I don't know why
that is but shout-out to you guys yeah
it's gotta be out here pshh I just go
home guys so I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here but oh my god I think up I'm
going up but before our today's go guys
I just want to say thank you so much for
all the support you guys been leaving on
the channel a company's got erased the
video could the kid who gave me a
Bugatti and that video has almost 80,000
likes
as of now so as I promised you guys in
the video I'm gonna try my best to go
get that conan's egg or Bugatti for a
video for you guys I did a mini race
with it but for now I'm gonna wrap
today's look here I love you all thank
you so so much for the support if you
guys haven't already subscribed to the
channel please do so as I mentioned 50%
of the people who watch me or over 50%
have not subscribed so come on man press
that button and you'll be in for an
iPhone 7 giveaway anyways catch guys
tomorrow I love you all and tomorrow I
share a pretty cool day planned out so
yeah I'll catch you guys then yeah Lyon
oh boy
boom
