that is correct yo everyone what is that
good morning welcome to another vlog so
I just woke up I look at the view from
my hotel room guys
oh my as you can see this is a racetrack
very very loud I woke up we're going to
go out breakfast today there's an
amazing amazing Ferrari parade today
like today is just going to be insane
guys so I'm not further ado let's have
an amazing day guys so check it out we
just made it over to breakfast guys and
they're just making my egg look at
laughs one of my favorite parts guys is
the fact that you can toast your own
bread with this machine dear boy that's
it's a Lana
good morning she made it down
all right guys all about to have some
breakfast and I just poured some milk
into a bowl top cereal and my cereal is
looking like a mix well going on like
there's like three different cereals
guys like Froot Loops rice krispies
cocoa puffs anyway I'm about to have my
breakfast before it's late and yeah
let's go we just finished breakfast guys
time to head out to go to this car man
let's do this so check it out we just
waited downstairs over next to the
Ferraris and as you can see there is
literally over 60 cars guys like that is
the turnout today in Sainik look at this
line now it just gets going it just
keeps going and going guys okay you know
what guys I'm gonna quickly show you all
the cars and then we'll be back to
continue the rest that are you ready for
this let's go
oh my god the thing is about Ferrari red
is the dominant color you guys can
already tell there's like so many red
guards hi you ready to go it's gonna be
awesome biggest brewery van I've ever
seen if you can see behind me all the
cars have stopped the reason is we're
just about to hit the highway so we're
making sure everybody is cool up we're
actually going for lunch we're gonna
have like a half an hour driving going
for lunch
and then later on the day we're going to
hit the track with these cars by the way
check it out guys you have one of the
youngest people in this event he's 7
years old in the 48 right amazing hi
Bree stop we're gonna head out I'll see
you on the drive any rage as I say
insane stuff 7 years old who's at this
event like yo what's up I'm in a for a a
check it out you can hear this car is a
beast
you
oh boy we just arrived here guys look at
the beautiful lineup oh my gosh there's
like so many cars here
all Ferraris
that is a lineup guys amazing look at
this gorgeous view guys we're right next
to the ocean right now so she got it
scary Wow let's go eat and see where
everybody else is guys honestly we
literally lost about 40 cards they're
all with us but now they're gone we just
made it over to lunch guys and I look at
this they have Ferrari steering over
here like what this is what you call of
you guys whoa I feel like I can see the
whole of ours every from here oh it's so
long
it's literally burning guys hey let's go
home you scared the living hell out
anyways as I'll show you guys check it
out this place is amazing
so the desert just got here guys check
it out we go like this fancy little
pistachio ice cream I don't think I've
ever tried it so I'm gonna be honest
today I'll tell you if I don't like it
that's alright from here on out this is
where everything breaks loose on the way
here we had a police escort everybody
was going in one line now then it is
that let's get to some action right now
I got check it out it's my friend he's
about to head out so peace out see you
on the other side it hmm it about that
that done okay as you can see there's a
log comes over here guys
my sister's heading out in the
California see you on the other side
peace out oh my god this car is crazy
guys
so all the cars on our left down we
outchea boys right next to us you go oh
oh yeah Ferraris anymore
you already know it's a takeover today
guys it's a takeover
back then the dust
would not
these cars are just insane oh my god
check it out guys
so we just clearly stopped off at the
petrol station where you know it's funny
my sister is actually driving in the
California what uh what uh did you swap
now or are you driving the whole time
you just saw now how funny I'll say wait
when my sister driving the whole time
anyway they're brewing petrol in the
cars right now and then we still haven't
looked at a tracker we've had so much
fun so yeah it's just gonna get better
and better
well we just read it back over to the
hotel guys I'm sure you can hear the
cars they're on the racing track
well as I said this is a track so this
is what you get to see
Wow that was louder we just made it back
to the room guys let's go we need to
check ow okay Wow
frozen minutes guys I need to leave
because we're literally so so late right
now let's go for now we're saying
goodbye for this hotel room guys bye bye
wolf is here
let's check the safe alright the safe is
empty guys you sure there's nothing else
in there no watches alright nothing
alright okay everything is good so we
just about made it to the event guys all
the cars you're seeing they're going for
the track right now so pretty crazy
pretty crazy
by the way shout out to these guys I
just met them on the track take your
time
second time second time being him first
time and that's his friend over there it
is thank you guys so much peace out
what's that sound check it out you've
got a speciality over here as well
coming on the track if you don't know
these cars are quick super quick and a
black one over here which is pretty nice
we need to quickly go into the briefing
because if you don't do the briefing
they don't let you on the track because
we made it we made it guys I made it on
time check it out honestly this event is
for this car this is the for a eight and
this whole event has been about this car
and I'm starting to fall in love with it
like
great we just got the helmet guys I'm
gonna put it on and we should be good to
go let's do this oh yeah look at me guys
don't I look amazing right now if you've
ever worn one of these to go on the
racetrack
you know the frustration like it's just
annoying okay there you go
let's go let's go we burned them guys
my god
alright that was insane
angry
oh my god ah look at my hair guys every
single time like a limpet wrap my hair
messes up so we're switching out cars
guys Lana is gonna go in the for a a
right now I convinced there because this
is a beast Lana's got the helmet on guys
you ready you ready can you feel this
okay are you good okay I'm just I'm
crash testing you I'm crash testing you
so I'm like all right now and we're
gonna go for a round and hopefully see
how things go check it out here they
come hi this is Lana
oh my god you guys believe she's so
scared of that guy I told you so far
Oh
oh my god that was amazing thank you all
right right so he's got out now I see
snow was lying at that July yeah going
back big bad scream - give me your
helmet you know this guy's open it
Washington lost like spirited I don't
want to annoy the driver
quiet let's go oh you ready there you
know my brain up I'm stopping - driver's
seat now I mean I'm sorry - the
passenger seat hey yo Nomad still kinda
ok
very one more time in the passenger seat
that corridor trekkers the car swerved
on
I'm not
just under 200 yards down there you go
guys we just finished stuff we're taking
a little cooldown lap that was insane
dad helmet is off that is what you call
the day guys one more thing before I
head out of here guys check out the
steering rules they have all the Ferrari
steering wheels over here and even the
seats which is pretty crazy check this
out this I think is a steering wheel of
the car I was in today and this is the
seat like the bucket seat so pretty cool
stuff for now we're heading off to the
bye guys by the way check it out we
outchea he chased me home yesterday he
chased me home guys those him
Oh James ivory style and Risa see you
guys I told you these clowns be
everywhere they're chasing us down they
chasing us down I will not chase this
guy home he shot to our friends guys
riding back in the car that was eventful
oh man oh man so you finally made it
back home guys dad I can't let me go for
everything inside so we can wrap up the
vlog oh that's nice it's a nice little
staycation
let's go boom all right so as long as
you guys didn't wrap up today's Loki I
hope you have enjoyed the past two days
we're just boom like that is all the car
action I'm giving you guys and you guys
entertained me Bowl what's up into the
vents what's an okay you see I went to
the events now you can stop killing me
but by the way there you go the cats are
doing amazing hey buddy you missed us be
a guys tomorrow I'm actually well tour I
should be meeting some Dupree specials
so stay tuned for that blog a lot of you
actually know about if you follow me on
my Instagram so make sure to follow me
man you guys are missing me out so the
name is mo underscore blogs on your
score and you guys I'll catch guys more
for that so stay awesome I love y'all
and y'all y'all oh boy boom
