Michael
oh good
yo everyone what is up so so we're
starting today logoff
this is currently like 2:00 a.m. we'll
continue from yesterday's vlog guys oh
my god the things we do for YouTube guys
in case you guys are on ur yesterday's
ending was a joke guys we tried to make
you a little bit funny Marie Rose right
now getting a thumbnail for us outside
let's continue the rest of the day I'll
continue next week it'll be for the
neighbors damn I want another to come
back inside
if I see that at night I'm gonna freak
out anyways the rest of the blow is
gonna be continued tomorrow morning guys
I thought clear up though what happened
yesterday night which is now so yeah
let's get into the rest of the vlog in
the morning guys peace oh good morning
what is up guys today we are heading out
to ugly lobby which is another city so
we're all packed up we didn't tell you
about this but there's like a huge event
going on and as you can see we are ready
to go it's like a mini holiday like a
two-day vacation guys you know it's
really funny guys look at this I have no
idea where we got this from we go to
Booga Booga we literally got a Bugatti
suit or something I don't even know
what's in there I've carried a lot guys
there's five pairs of shoes seven
dresses it's one day it's one I need
yourself a guy I'm Trina suitcase
someone actually left on
out on my brother's car and you won't
believe what's inside it guys there's no
letter or anything all it says is Yolo
with a happy face look look I promise
you guys I'm not dealing anything in the
area this is fan love right here and
police goes by my house I pray I'm not
selling anything guys let packets of
money on my car Oh
every love flows there is also tragedy
when we're in 2d and you and I we got
history
a song
you like me
Wow nice hotel oh my god so we just made
it into the hotel
check out these VIP seats damn I feel
like a boss you know what's really cool
about this hotel guys it's massive
like the hallways are humongous like
this either this place it's very cool
like its future is thick you noticed
there's there's one theme that you
always see throughout the racetrack they
got like a racetrack thing to it the
race put my hand live it up very nice
safety oh oh my god
space is empty it's all ours it's all
ours it's all ours
no way look at that view look at that
view who never told me about this place
guys because one of you belter mentioned
for me to come here like come on guys I
need you to comment stuff like this in
the conversation okay guys so check it
out that is our room welcome to my crib
oh
oh hey we out shall we
out cheer this is futuristic out here
guys anyways as you can see this is the
room guys I'm so so happy I feel so good
about staying in the hotel guys I feel
like on holiday as my sister said
partying in the hotel room guys hey I
just found the craziest thing in the
room guys look at this lamp on oh oh oh
what as soon as you move it away from
the bed it switches on look at that
hello oh my god I love hotel rooms it's
time to bring out my clothes guys and
yes if you're wondering my t-shirt isn't
a Bugatti packet and no my t-shirt is
not a Bugatti guys I don't know where
you got this from but I decided to use
this for my shirt time to change my
t-shirt let's do this
alright your boy is already by the way
you guys Lana's also now dressed up as
you can see we're ready to roll we out
your boy we aren't you now they're ready
guys let's head out we're going over to
the track to reach the Lambo
so I'm actually heading over in one of
my friends cars and you guys should do
it so let's go downstairs and let's head
out I'll check it out we got the Beast
over here so let's go how are you gonna
dare playing up top guys anyways let's
head out and see what's up we're in the
Aventador right now
or somehow make your way to the track
Wow literally like a game right now guys
down all the levels are here all right
let's go let's go so because we're going
on the track guys we need some helmets
and this thing which is like the face
small so let me grab mine and put it on
so check it out guys were all strapped
up and look at the view I have right now
dairy got all of these beasts out here
anyways we're going to the track we're
strapped up everybody strapped on
actually so yeah let's do this
I hope you guys can hear me well because
this is taking up my mouth but obviously
you guys saw the car we came in back you
there we gave this Aventador guys
oh boy
I'm so lucky I have this helmet on guys
because we're now in the car guys it's
calmed down a little bit but probably
hear the cars outside are louder about
that onto the track I'm scared I'm
scared but it's alright we got to help
but hope buddy should be good guys so
yeah let's see which is the ball to
score I just want to say guys from here
on out I signed my life away so if
anything happens it's my fault we're
getting onto the track let's go
Oh
oh boy guys
oh my god guys look at this
oh
so quickly stop they're doing a little
small briefing and we're actually
heading back out again but that first
run was amazing guys look at that oh my
god now this is cool guys the view of
the building is behind us check out
squad goes I hear guys
super thanks each other huh dad
who
I'm you're like generating football
match guys
I hope I could not what I wish I knew
I'm not sure we just arrived here my
brother sitting in one of the cars every
shop my brother is sitting in this
gorgeous car
look at you all geared up I'll let you
go enjoy the rides see
it's amazing look at the rap on this car
I
love the design
I think I'm coming
I think my brother's month
that was Browns who are about to take
off again guys check it out they got
competition on our right we got the
yellow or I can on your marks ah you let
him go first doesn't she the thing about
these cars on the track is guys they
have so much more grip which lets them
go so
Oh
buh-buh-buh
oh boy we just passed like two cars over
there
Michael
oh my god guys on the track this thing
is just another monster my brother just
got out the car guys look at him
yeah double vlogging well again yeah how
was it that was crazy
yeah cuz what you know like I want to
feel the same
that is the loudest noise you're ever
gonna hear in your life guys Wow even
with this I'm still getting deafened
let's take off the helmet guys oh let's
see how my hair is oh boy okay
we're so good we're still good not too
bad yes okay there's a car coming on the
track guys
that was the car that I was in guys
that's my guy right there that's my guy
so let me show you my friends - rockin
because the inside of this thing is
completely different to ours this is I
don't know how you pronounce it Ave or
Steiner hurricane guys and if you go
inside check this beast out the whole
middle console is carbon fiber you know
carbon fiber paddle shifts the whole
steering wheel everything guys is carbon
fiber just like my new iPhone so I love
it man this car is beautiful so look at
this guy they also have like a racing
car over here like a proper Formula One
racing car thing I don't even know what
you call this thing but it looks awesome
check this out they're trying to break a
record here 1.9 seconds can we do it go
go go go go go go
yeah
who won you want I still don't know and
you wanted to yuan congratulation to
making even bare guys right before we
leave I got myself a lambo hat check it
out a gangsta MoU with the building this
looks nice on me it looks nice anyways
there you go it matches my shirt guy
that's what's up we out here take
my hat my hand looks like a mess right
now think of that why there you go yeah
yeah double the trouble guys double the
trouble we out yeah for now we're
heading out with this beast let's go got
the yellow car out and it's a
convertible I love it
my favorite feature about this car the
roof comes down yeah I keep my hair is a
complete mess just excuse that guys but
check it out
yeah
yoyoyo
Oh face
what
oh okay hey we just made it back to the
so guys eventful night to say the least
eventful roof is going back on that is a
wrap - whoa guys
what is that creepy noise over here Wow
listen to that anyways check it out they
actually have a really cool portrait of
Lewis Hamilton over here which looks
awesome so yeah I anyway those go
through the room like a creepy like
Tinker Bell noise over here we just go
back to the hotel room and are you ready
to see something awesome check this out
the flights are automatic that is
awesome
anyways guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here I hope you have enjoyed if you
have make sure to smash the like button
and subscribe if you haven't already
because I'm watching all of you so I
don't know if you haven't anyways I
catch you guys tomorrow for another epic
vlogs I love you guys all and here just
stay tuned for more action anyways
peace out yellow yellow boy oh wow
