yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so before I start today's
log I just want to say I messed up guys
I messed up I'm gonna I'm just going to
show you what I did guys I went and I
got a towel I know you guys are thinking
what the hell mo this was just to hide
the surprise guys so as you can see babe
I'm totally pranking you guys I went and
bought this tattoo sleeve and I thought
it just looked so cool the thing is guys
want to put this out there no I will
probably never get a tattoo in my life
but this is the closest I've ever going
to get this doesn't even match my skin
colors look at it it looks so fake but
there is actually one thing I want to
show you guys my mom got one too oh yeah
we out your Gang Gang Gang
oh my god not sure if you guys can see
there's so many lines on my hand I feel
so weird in a couple of things I need to
say it's no-shave November guys
I've never taken part but this year is
gonna be my first year of not shaving
guys so let's see how crazy my beard can
get in one month secondly today is day
two of me exercising so today I'm gonna
go do some swimming all right let's go
oh that is so cool so as you can see
guys we just made it over by our soon
pool and the thing about our area is
nobody uses the swimming pool and it is
so amazing I even me I want to blame my
I don't even use it that often but the
good thing is it's empty and I can go
swimming alone let's go I saw look at so
much I've had enough mum you need to
come inside
alright so now my little swimming
session guys my mum is still in the
water
mummy mo what's up what's up hello my
mom is the worst swimmer ever she can
actually barely swim honestly sometimes
she's about to drown me with water
anyways guys I'm gonna head off home
take a shower and yeah I was a good
little start to the day did a lot of
exercise my mum's drowning my mum's
drowning God she's drowning she's
drowning mommy let me help you are you
okay don't be ashamed to get some help
come on she's drowning as much as I swam
I only feel like I burnt about like
maybe one chocolate bar at max like
nothing more we made it we made it back
into our vampire house don't ask me why
our house is so dark guys it just is so
the thing is guys to the past two weeks
I've been so busy I haven't had time to
organize my life and the first thing I
need to do before I can get to my life
problems is organized my room so let's
get story first things first guys we've
got two cabinets we need to put two
cabinets I mean two shelves you have two
shelves I need to pull on that wall
let's do this
me this is so hard to pull out here we
go guys so we're having a major problem
right now as you can see I for all six
of the screws in but if you look closely
they're not tight at all guys so if I
put the Shelf here it's gonna fall
change your plans we're gonna move the
shelf now from here to that side of the
wall guys a few moments later oh three
holes in this wall six holes in that
wall my walls are broken I swear I don't
know what I'm doing wrong it's just not
working out for me today so you know
what the shelfs you can describe em it
took us about our guys but there you go
there is my brand new room
there you go that was my little room
tour I'm starting to feel super dizzy
right now okay let's you have to do the
reverse way and then you're not dizzy
anymore do you guys know that hey I'm
kidding that doesn't worry now that my
room is finished guys we're actually
heading out because tomorrow it's one of
our friends birthdays and we still
haven't got a gift let's go let's do
some last-minute shopping and yeah let's
see what we can find guys you made me
feel funny I remember the song you came
around and that's what I found now honey
whatever do without you
now that we're here the first store
we're going to head into is Chanel okay
guys I'm not sure how I can record in
there because normally stores like this
they're a little bit more fussy so I'm
gonna catch you guys inside okay let's
go
we have a very awkward situation right
now our friend that we want to buy the
gift for is in the store what do we do
are you sure she was in there that was
in the store when it goes to
well this is literally the weirdest
thing that's ever happened to me like my
mom just screamed you she's in there
she's alright who's the dishes like your
friends in there an hour in the shop is
about this is literally about to close
and she's in that store I don't think
they're coming out anytime soon
oh man
okay okay okay okay so they ended up
taking the elevator upstairs we're going
into the store guys let's see if we can
find anything they literally took this
elevator up so right now my mom and
sister are looking around to find her
something guys I don't even know what to
do in these stores like these these
stores are meant for girls guys they
look super fancy though check it out I
do out of place I feel out of place
being here find a train
there's nothing I know she maybe that's
why they left the store maybe they were
here for the same thing okay once you
find something guys I'll let you know
first door
bad luck guys we have 10 minutes until
all the stores are closed in the mall
it's all my fault guys it's not it was
her fault Shalu Bertram was luckily open
guys Oh lovely that is too plain though
no I mean they don't look popping you
know what I mean so you can start
writing the public the popular ones I
don't even know I know this this looks
cool it's got the gold LV were in on it
your trainers
oh okay guys you know what I'm not a
girl so I don't think a man should be
doing girls shopping
that was another fail guys all right
well happy birthday I'm sorry we didn't
have a gift we have to come to me thank
you for the birthday meal but no gift
that's it
No look above me by the way whoa oh look
at this oh my god my car so shiny Oh
we just made it over to the other mall
and if you can see under that is a pink
rolls-royce
oh I wish I could see what's under there
but they've covered it maybe I will baby
you everybody would want to see that
guys that's crazy
a pink Rolls Royce
look at where we are guys dad
I put those things up okay welcome to
fashion having you guys home all the
expensive stores let's go we're going
into Gucci Gucci
let's go Gucci go Gucci Gucci has some
pretty cool stuff guys look look at this
goo Keys got that pink furry jacket I
like that so my sister's looking around
guys but look what I found
these are the coolest shoes in history
there's they're like that snapchat
filter guys let me open your mouth it
looks like it's going up literally some
cool guys anyways my sister's looking
around we're trying to find some stuff
so yeah it's almost her guy my best guys
I'm still trying whoa look at where we
are guys now this new mic this space
looks luxurious guys I think my sister
found the correct ones guys
there you go I think she'll like them
I'm sure
honestly guys that these look nice I
think these are unique the store looks
super cool guys but we still didn't
manage to find anything so we finally
managed to find a shoe that they have in
the size guys check it out we got we got
watches goodies slippers shoes up like
nice flat shoes like I don't even
flip-flops who could have flip flop flip
tennis shoes
all right so we finally managed to get
the gift guys after three hours the moon
is actually closed over here is well now
but check it out oh oh she got it guys
okay now we have to leave and you know
what's crazy guys er this shoe store is
literally closed guys this is how you
would normally walk out and it's like
the barriers have come down so we have
to go all the way round to look down
there there's a bunch of golden shoes
being delivered to that store hi and
that was our shopping trip guys
yeah
yo Lana it's no safe November so you
can't shave no more shaving hashtag
hairy Lana exposed ah with them hairy
legs
Oh No Shave November is not just for man
guys it's for women too ah Facebook so
as always guys rushing to wrap up
today's look here I just want to say
guys this has always been on my mind
it's actually crazy like the world we
live in now everything is about names
about brand names and even me and don't
don't get me wrong like when I see
Yeezys or something it's just it's so
attractive to know that everybody wants
it it's like a hype type of mentality
like for girls like Chanel is like
Chanel anyways as always guys I'm gonna
wrap up today's look here I hope you've
enjoyed by the way don't forget to press
subscribe tell your kids tell your
family and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
y'all do no boy Bowl
