yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so I already know you guys
have clicked on this look for one reason
so as you can see guys i finally got my
hand on the brand new iPhone 7 plus and
it gets better guys this is not a normal
iPhone 7 plus this is actually a custom
iPhone 7 so let's go inside and let me
tell you a bit more about it you guys
it's gonna be crazy let's do this
alright so let's get straight into this
guys but before I open this I need to
give a huge shout out sole company
called slick wraps actually hooked your
boy up and I'll leave their link in the
description because as I said this is
not a know why phone guy so what they do
is they actually sell skins and
basically I can let me show you guys
they hooked your boy up with like a lot
of the skins and what they do is these
skins you just put them on your phone
and then it kind of becomes like a
wrapped bone you see how you wrap a car
they wrap bones so it's a really really
cool idea but now onto this bad boy oh
hi let's get straight into this unboxing
guys
look at the skies this is a carbon fiber
the carbon fiber wrapped iPhone guys I
found seven plus and you guys don't even
realize how it's do you guys know how
much I love my cars right and this is a
carpet good dad slick crap you moved it
up anyways
I think I picked the best one guys and
they're actually not too expensive
they're like $23 ish so it's actually
really affordable guys so shout out to
them for just I love you guys I love you
I got as carbon fiber cars but I never
thought I could get a phone specially
with the price that these guys do it and
honestly it looks insane they even look
at this guy's they racked the charger
the charger and the headphones they
actually said these like these I never
knew they were sending guys so that's
crazy
let's check it out they said your boy a
buncha wraps Wow look at that that's a
superhero okay you know I might have to
wrap a couple of Bones guys this is I
don't even is this some wrap wow it is
it's like a leather one whoa and then
one more let's see Dada
oh that's that guy from the movie The
Suicide Squad this is one of my
favorites now anyways now it's moment of
truth guys that's turn on this phone and
see what's up did it again
oh I'm not really excited guys but you
don't know how much I've been waiting to
get this phone I'm pretty sure everybody
knows about this but I love watching
them scan your fingerprint guys so check
it out damn so there's a section at a
time do you see that okay you ain't
seeing my password right you ain't see
my password
Bonjour hola konnichiwa Oh
welcome to iPhone Oh
so check it out I finally got into the
phone guys look at this as one thing I
want to try which is the camera like
literally this is what people have been
going crazy over woah hey guys what's up
this is the vlog inside of vlog whoa I
do have to say it's actually very clear
like it's got a lot of clarity to it
anyways guys there you go that was my no
unboxing of the phone I hope you guys
enjoyed it there's actually one more
wrap that I really want now I was
checking the website they've got a green
carbon fiber one I'll put the picture
right here and I just saw that now and I
was like you know I might have to go buy
that one is all ba guys check them out
they do really cool stuff like this and
they hooked your boy up so why not just
go check out that website there's one
more thing I really want to do guys and
I want to put this to the ward test saw
love you're both looking at me really
badly right now guys oh let's go check
it out
let's go check it out I don't want to do
this this is so scary
okay then it has to be on guys I even
recorded a little war test video okay
let's see
Wow so far it seems to be good guys
check it out I think we need to do it
one more time guys okay on the back this
time ready three two one whoa whoa I
don't I can't believe I did that guys if
that doesn't deserve a like and
subscribe I don't know what does so make
sure to subscribe to the channel guys
okay bye we need to try this iPhone ASAP
it works anyways for now videos mommy
bow guys DK and we're gonna go basically
if you don't know me and my mom have the
same problem we can't keep our back
straight we always bend our back so
we're gonna try and find your something
to pull her back and straighten out you
know that the things they have like the
straps where your back so let's go and
see if we can find that guys who be
ready yeah okay I don't know why I
punched the camera lately guys I think I
need to stop doing and let me know I pee
so check it out guys this is what my mum
wanted in case you guys were wondering
it's one of these vac straps and it
makes your posture straight so check it
out mommy more looking nice and straight
we're gonna buy this and she's gonna
wear this every day until her back
becomes straight purchase was made guys
my mum bought what she wanted I'm
actually really interested I figure
she's had this before guys but she lost
it she had like two or three of these in
the past that she used to use but every
time you stopped using them and ended up
losing them so this time she doesn't use
it I'm gonna kill her because yeah this
is this is it if you guys haven't seen
already recently I've been organizing my
room I got the shoe box and stuff like
that
and now mummy mo is looking to buy me a
cabinet I don't know why we need this
stone
ah my mom wants to put the fan mail in
here now you know the little things you
guys sent us like the cars and stuff so
I guess we need one but we're trying to
look if this we've um fit in my room cuz
my room is really limited at the moment
when it comes to space this store
actually has a very cool optical
illusion going on guys check it out look
a lot oh my god guys what is going on
it's like absorbing me into it guys
duh-duh-duh-duh Yolo Yolo somebody left
the Celerio guys put this in the vlog
please alright you made it you made it
just to keep you guys fully updated on
the cats now that I'm home guys bubbles
is doing so good right now so yeah in
case you guys were worried about him
getting attacked look he's playing as if
like he's just fresh we made this little
tent for them over here guys and they
absolutely loved it this morning what a
few guys came by and gave me this fan
art check it out
it actually looks so good mo vlogs there
you go this is not bad for adults yeah
yeah oh that heart moment this just does
okay it's currently half past eleven
guys I'm not sure if you can see on my
phone is blurring up and we're going out
to have some I don't know dinner lunch
whatever anything time everybody in the
country's asleep right now but we're
going to have a picnic at the beach so
let's go guys let's do this let's go see
it's so late guys in my room the whole
day guys out of parenting I made that
video guys check out Lee will be in the
bye guys yeah everybody in her vlogs
that I Ed's dish I actually edited my
own videos males yeah it's gone it is
yeah everyone was like I bet mo blows
attitude 'true you by the way look at
this the cats here Oh
and it's wrong when on a disco where my
car oh my good Wow look at the view guys
now that is gorgeous see it matches our
birthday outfit I thought we were the
only people I like 12:00 in the morning
no no apparently there's like a long
queue of people waiting to order some
food you know there's this challenge I'm
not sure if you guys wanna did there's
this challenge I saw basically you order
whatever the guy in front of you ordered
don't take it I'd give me whatever you
feel they're like are you sure
give me any money
you're the money bride give me the money
oh my god anyways back door yo is that
did I swing my rims check wait one
second one second stomach bad you
scraped
look this is where the thing was you
kind of knocked that it's okay guys it
was just a little bit it's alright it's
not that funny
this attraction I think the guys fell
wooo
I don't do this without them realizing
guys okay we're gonna open it fully dead
extra ketchup is oh hi thanks George
let's go picnic all right time to go to
the beach guys guys this is like my
fourth time repeating this okay what are
you saying I was saying that it's so
beautiful right now the weather is
amazing look at the beach come on let's
go let's go hey blurt again oh yeah we
just made over to the beach guys
amid my sisters say we came here four
times as I blurted your face and I've
learned again on your face there's a
giant solar panel thingy so we actually
picked the perfect spot to eat guys we
got lights blue lights that is and my
sister's getting yourself first fruit
juice there you go there's your orange
juice I'm facing the sea honestly guys
please if there's anybody watching
please donate my sister some jeans like
this is just ridiculous now but honestly
please donate one pound no what is wrong
why the day like
yeah we got a lot of bolt in here on her
first debut sprint on three three two
one
you can actually do this risk work quick
quick quick
Oh so my brother was about to ban up
from his exercise guys and we made him
go back on there look at how small
what's wrong
where does a guy so work mommy this is
I'll help you your mom it maybe that's
the reason why you're summoning people
from hidden places because you're making
so much of a noise we're like the only
ones in the street right now that's
what's up look at this cute little
Carver here oh my glasses gorgeous car
it's so beautiful I think they're making
asphalt that's crazy that is awesome
I'm sexy
we just stopped by our supermarkets at
night guys oh I I don't understand this
okay so check this out they've strapped
this bike to this railing but you could
easily pick up the railing like what the
hell what's the point of even tying this
like if I wanted to take the bike I'd
take the whole thing like as a package
deal like come on bro shut up please if
you want to like at least keep your bike
safe tie it to something that doesn't
move so we just came behind you guys and
check this out there's a tiny kitten
over here oh it's so adorable
god that's food for you guys oh it is -
I see - he's so adore my god yeah oh
that is great guys they're literally the
size of my hand anyways guys as always
I'm home now super tired of my minion
I'm gonna wrap up today's like you but
before I do man as always guys I just
have a couple of words to share with you
guys I see you guys like my family so I
want the best for you guys right now
whatever it is you're doing in life
whatever goal you have please I'm
telling you this work hard work harder
than hard like just go at it full out
like there's something you enjoy there's
something you want to do do it guys
that's all I'm gonna say guys I wish you
all the best in life like I want you
guys to succeed and if you ever do you
best hit your boy mo up later like yo mo
I'm a billionaire now come and I'll give
you 1 million because of these words
guys catch you guys some more as always
I love you by the way don't forget to
subscribe because I'm doing an Xbox
giveaway for my subscribers and just
press subscribe dammit I mean come on
man we've been with the giver through a
year right now catch you guys tomorrow
yalla yalla good bye
