well where's my car it's still behind us
but I suggest we leave first
yo yo yo good morning ah I feel like I
start out every single day the same so
hey what is up everyone welcome back to
another video now I'm sure you guys
already know what is about to happen
today from the title of the video I'm
about to go and buy my mum her dream car
yes my mom is like the most important
person to me guys and it just it means
so much that I can do this for her
because I just know how much it'll mean
to her and honestly I just want to say
like without you guys this would never
be possible and I'm just I'm just so
excited to do this guy yeah I know it
sounds crazy guys it's happening and I'm
gonna take you guys on the journey I
can't wait to show you what I'm getting
her let's go oh my god I so right now I
just made it over to the dealership
deals on wheels the reason I'm even more
excited is because the car I'm about to
show you literally just came into the
dealership two days ago I'm so happy
this car came in right on time guy so
let's go inside I'm gonna show you what
I'm getting this is on another level
like my mum is gonna look like a
straight out gangster with this car yo
you guys don't realize how excited I am
right now so as you can see we are in
the dealership right now how are you
how's it going are you ready to show
them I haven't showed them
come on a week ago I decided to get my
mom another car and he called me this
morning the car about show you literally
just came in it sounded differently
differently man I'll show you what we
were gonna get very yes let's do the
before and after the first car I was
supposed to get my mom is this the Y
rolls-royce and I know what you're
thinking it's amazing absolutely amazing
guys and this is the car I was gonna get
guys if you can see it's got a brown
interior don't get me wrong I know a lot
if you love the car it's boring yeah
it's just it's exactly what I told you
the day you like this but now it's time
to show you the car I am getting guys
check it out oh oh my god this is the
bad boy I'm getting all red interior
rolls-royce ghost matsuri Wow computer
it's about the 22 inch wheels the rims
are Mansouri so they're custom rims it's
got like the whole bansuri body key and
exhaust system coach lines that means
it's a fully loaded rolls-royce girl
yeah
and I'm gonna press the exhaust right
now I'm gonna push the guest and you're
gonna hear a little roar oh my god the
indicator what your these indicators are
mad you know I am absolutely out of
words right now like this car looks so
beautiful and I know to a lot of people
you might not see like a big difference
between this car and the white one which
I originally was gonna get guys but like
if you look at the front you'll kind of
understand like the difference in the
look so this is way more plain and
that's just waste for year this is
literally like a dream right now pony
pony I'm getting nervous that they're
moving it out lady this is all how much
I like the car our boys right now we are
bringing the car down it's actually
funny because it we put some bricks
under it so this way it doesn't hit
are we good we good here it comes guys
the Rolls Royce is coming down and wow
this is such a beautiful car oh my
goodness guys oh my god damn no you see
we just used two bricks to bring the car
down and it's completely fine anyways
right now I'm heading out with the car
another big thank you come on mama home
any time for this is your place you
killed it like there's only one thing we
are I need loyalty say I bought every
toy I have for the other wheels and
honestly it's like a family relationship
guys
is this actually happening right now
like I can't believe I'm doing this
right now I just made it home and it's
time to go get my mom to come see the
car so I actually parked the car outside
because I don't want to take you inside
just in case she sees it so yeah right
now we're gonna bring my mom outside and
let's see what she thinks about her new
car guys how are you where's bud wants
to know how you are but I want you to
close your eyes okay but you have to
come outside this is the surprises
outside yeah open your eyes open your
eyes surprise
boy why are you hitting me me I'm your
son surprised
Go Go guys I have a surprise for you
I got you something I'm not lying I got
you something ice it's right over there
don't look don't look don't know three
two one open your eyes leave behind you
this is yours do you like it though I
saw I'm not lying right this is your car
because you don't have a car at the
moment I'm not lying mommy
here you go mommy do you like it I turn
it on it's got an exhaust system this
looks beautiful
hahaha welcome to the family
RIA guys there you go that is my mom's
new car she actually has a message she
wants to give you guys my mom she
doesn't have to express herself as well
but she loves you guys so thank you guys
tell me that doesn't suit my mom Wow so
it's got a glass roof if you look at the
roof very nice and can't open yeah you
can open the roof ah yeah
hi so right now my mom went back inside
guys but honestly I just want to say
another thank you to you guys because
you don't realize how much this means to
my mum like my mom as I said she doesn't
have like a crazy reaction she won't
like scream or anything but like me
being her son like I know how happy she
got seeing this car so alright anyways
right now I'm actually about to head out
and the vlog is about to get even
crazier because my friend Raschid is
actually doing a fashion show today so
we're gonna go there and I might end up
walking the catwalk alright I don't know
I'm not gonna give you guys any promises
but let's go and have some fun
why I he told me 5:30 you told me none a
stormy Matz only 5:30 ice right now
sorry apparently I missed the best thing
ever
that's not what you came late
holy moly
go through
oh my god I so we just made it upstairs
guys that was madness and look who you
have oh how you read you know my boy my
side you know if you watch for today's
vlog I went bald too but like you have
to see the video now I'm not bald now
yeah that's crazy
bro where's my car it's still behind
this book I suggest we leave first bro
we just left my car in valet guys my car
is not gonna be there when I get back
Wow alright guys well that is what
happens when you put like five youtubers
together in a fashion show words can't
even explain how crazy that was like as
I said guys big shout out to my boy Ross
 congratulations to him he just set
up his own fashion brand at 16 years old
with his brother guys so that is
absolutely amazing like they're just ah
guys I know you probably don't want me
to say this any more than I do but thank
you guys honestly like the support you
guys show us every single day
like you guys are like my family like
even my family doesn't love me this much
like you guys are so much to me and it
just it just means so much and I just
want to say thank you and that's why I
tried to give back as much as I can so
if you guys haven't already make sure to
enter the giveaway subscribe and comment
down below for a free phone oh just came
home look
Brune you haven't even seen the car yet
so pretty much Lana hasn't been feeling
well the whole day and she hasn't
actually seen the car bro you ready
bubbles oh my god what happened to his
voice right now we're gonna show lawn on
my mom's new car no peeking no peeking
yeah yeah look at the edges I mean Scott
so much detail on this I'm gonna turn it
on listen to the car
oh my god this is like a really sporty
sound on a rolls-royce it's got like the
whole that smoky and exhausted everyday
down red interior I love it
oh my god I love it that's my favorite
color this is the one this is the one
this is the one I think Mommy has the
best car now oh what I left it at
the showroom outside we need to go pick
up my car missing from the garage you
literally forgot it
I left my car in a parking lot without
paying you already gotta find today just
to let you know it came on my phone oh
so you're gonna get no when I picked up
the rolls-royce
I forgot my Ferrari there let's let's go
pick up my Ferrari Oh guys look what we
have
oh yeah it's here we're here let's take
the car home I'll see you on the other
side oh yeah now that was a close cool
alright boys so we are finding you back
home and you know what time it is it is
time for me to say goodbye anyways I
love you guys so so much I'll see you
tomorrow for another epic vlog and as
always jolly ole Oh
