Yaron good morning welcome to another
vlog so as you can probably tell already
this morning my sister's been sick from
last night so she's been literally lying
down the whole day lately not doing
nothing she's just been sitting here
like that
listening to weird songs if you guys
remember about 10 days ago I went to
like a YouTube event it was like a huge
YouTube event a bunch of you guys were
there if you don't remember let me recap
you guys on it right now
and as you can see guys it was crazy I
have it so many of you that day it was
ridiculous but oh I forgot to show you
one of you guys actually gave me this
they gave me a Porsche key okay but let
me first show you it before I talk about
it so when I opened it in Italy I was
like why did a subscriber literally just
give me a Porsche key but it's actually
cooler so it looks like a Porsche key
but it's a USB look look at that so
awesome so thank you so much to whoever
gave me this but yeah look at the fancy
packaging this camera guys I
legitimately thought this was a real key
when I saw at first I was like damn son
somebody gave me a Porsche but now it's
still awesome it stole so there you go
that is my new Porsche I'm what a
Porsche guys I bought a Porsche so I
just laid down on the couch for like 10
seconds guys
and he's no letting me get up what what
am i doing if I will say hi oh
all right so check it out guys right now
I'm actually gonna be doing something a
little bit different on the vlog we're
going to be doing the water bottle flip
challenge okay coming me versus Lana
versus mummy ma okay the first round is
gonna be with the small balls the first
one to flip it wins okay here goes
nothing
guys near my sister a break you see that
Portuguese oh oh because she works in
the kitchen she know how to do that what
is that good that that's not there we're
doing a rematch guys that's not bad
and she doesn't this size
Oh God I swear this is not staged this
is 100% legit what the hell just
happened
I don't understand okay brown brown one
small bottles that's it that's it
mummy Bo one brown two we're gonna step
it up guys and came around to we're
going to go for this this is Round three
okay I swear shut up I'm done I'm sorry
I'm hatred you got red card
ah this one is harder to want to watch
okay are you trying to break the table
right now
mommy wrong no I need to be in a guy's
go on god this this is the one guys
she loves it but she doesn't get up
there it's not heavy
yeah no no this this is going to work
guys don't worry we got this we got this
1 1 0
round 3 guys this is the biggest ball we
have 1.5 liter bull weight bucking bull
your tiger guys so much mustard if she
hits this it's a tie there's a dead
volume over the time for the next round
whoever can land post of navigate so
this counts for two points all right we
got this guy's whoever can be both don't
want to use I can do this right now
everybody else quit but I kept going so
yeah so so far old boss are on two
points guys okay I think we need to
twist it up again we need to land a
trick shot so where I can flick it
behind their back and land it wins
oh I know it is jokes aside I did it
like 50 times more than them guys so you
know what we're to cool it a draw guys
that was the mo blocks family fact path
let's that that was the low blows family
football challenge guys let me know who
you think won that mummy mo was cheating
at the beginning that's what I'm saying
that was too easy for her so we're gonna
continue the rest of the vlog guys let's
do this
bow anyways voice phenomena is she
heading out Gege it's one of my boys
garages basically he knows that I love
GTRs and they have like a few of them as
garage so I'm gonna go check it out
let's see what they have over there and
hopefully they have a couple special
ones as well I don't know it's my first
time going there so let's go alright
guys so check it out I just made it over
to my boy Sultana Leo what's that with
sorrow right he's garage right now
good customs and there is a lot of crazy
beast in here guy so I'm gonna run
through a couple of them you guys
already know on my favorites the GTR
another one of my favorites we got Shawn
over here that's what's up that's good
the tank guys you already know what it
is Batman
there's actually a really cool car over
here now I don't know the name of this
thing you should tell me to wait is that
Datsun 19
it's basically guys it's it's just a
beast the engine of this thing it's like
the nuke so just already know what's
going on over here problems
yeah I think I could take you on Sean
that's the only thing I could take you
down right there short verses that I
want to see that show on versus the nuke
by the way guys this car is an absolute
beast I'm actually gonna pop up a video
right now if them tuning this monster
just watch for yourselves
is this street-legal oh yeah this is
where you get serious god oh my god that
name is to me what yeah what's going on
over here that'll give you an extra 200
horses right off the bat you'll go from
pretty much eight hundred to a thousand
horses really push a little but her push
from the ball you know fire Pistons if
you have a proper tune and you have a
built motor you're good to go
just blow yourself away light turns
green you go to the moon yesin yeah I I
like that guy John's about should be
something special right now oh yeah this
is the carpool Walker Easton in the
movie right damn it's been a long day
without you my friend skyline skyline
skyline skyline down I all the car
lovers are gonna love this car right
here and it is pretty crazy cars over
here guys all of these are like
literally tuned so they could fly so
it's some serious business over here
another GTR over here it's just it's
just madness this one I don't even know
what it's cool like me insured we're not
the car guys we're just looking around
but this one this one looks pretty crazy
as well my damn son
so this beast is actually a Shawn you
tell them what is it - jay-z - jay-z run
a thousand horses
pushing fuel system exhaust in a cooler
all that good stuff
shown translate a nightmare nightmare
huge engine crazy crazy that's how I
like to hear it that's how I like to
hear like it's basically if it was
equivalent to a song and so let me tell
you something about this GTR which you
guys have been seeing this is not a
stock GTR it's actually far from a stock
GTR so we're gonna switch it on and show
you how this bad boy sounds it's
actually pretty crazy guys it sounds so
good
hi guys I'm getting carbon monoxide
poisoning just standing by yourself I'm
gone we're literally just about to leave
guys but apparently there's a special
car pulling up so once it gets here I'll
show you what it is I don't even know
what till now so it's a surprise ah look
at what just came guys look at what we
have here this is what dreams are made
of damn son
there
look at what we have over here the
Porsche 918
nothing could stop me I'm all the way up
okay Sean you're walking it with your
back here your body's as wide as the car
your buddy so I did tell you something
special with pulling up guys if you
don't know what that is that is a
Porsche not one a slider that thing goes
for almost two million dollars u.s. guys
and right now everybody's just admiring
this beast the whole inside of the car
is like carbon fiber Oh some monster bro
what'd you think about it oh I don't
even know a lot to turn me on this shit
will give me goose bumps down anyways
we're just admiring this beast guys I
love the booty shot on this car like
this this is the best part right here
you guys just looking at it from this
angle
my cousin he doesn't get pumped up about
cars so if he's pumped up that means a
special section to Russia
cut which wall show which feet my next
one game we never leave never leave
money we never sleep this we're
literally witnessing a miracle right now
my boy Shawn got into the nine one eight
now it's time to get out yeah
this is the hard part you need help yeah
yeah you made it just like the car
another guy coming out another guy this
sissy me behind the wheel of the two
million dollar car driving this to get
me nervous I look how I have to sit like
guys look at my arms just to hold the
steering wheel I don't know how to do
this every day
come on baby honestly guys this car is
like ridiculous I just check out the
steering room on the Beast
and I love this middle console it's like
this future eyes thing it's crazy and
you know how many of these there are in
the world
No nine hundred thousand nine one eight
and just like the neighbor super fast
super expensive I'm gonna hop out for
now guys I decided I just show you I
just get got it took a photo
I'm getting out guys I'm flexing for
Instagram okay we're saying goodbye to
the nine one eight for now guys goodbye
oh it's just Shawn that's how quiet is
it and there goes the nine one eight
fish up
anyways guys for now we're heading out
awesome awesome cars good to see my boy
Sean again Lam home we already know the
tank guys AKA secured a que he's gonna
get run over by a car that's huh oh my
god yeah those are guys anyways for now
I'm gonna head out guys awesome seeing
everything and yeah let's go
oh boy so now that I'm home I'm super
tired I'm about to go pause salad so I'm
gonna wrap up today's look here I hope
you have enjoyed if you have make sure
to smash the like button and subscribe
if you haven't already because I'm
actually doing an iPhone 7 giveaway and
the only rule is to be subscribed so
catch gasps some more I'm about to go
bed I'm super tired so Yolo Yolo bye
boom
