yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so right now my sister is
heading over to the post office so she's
washing her car look at this in the CCTV
guys and she doesn't even realize she
put war on the camera system so look
what's happening what what look what's
happening guys she messed it up
completely you put water on the camera
by the way I did yeah the whole system
is messing up at home it's like this
next time don't put water on the CCTV
you're damaging our cameras
bye-bye I'm guy inside
Wow that was destined to me got some
nice vibes in the car guys oh gosh oh
gosh whoo all right not bad guys not bad
watch me
my sister is now back with the fan mail
guys do sogged oh wait what is this
that is a squished box guys oh my god
all right guys so this is the magical
box that you've been waiting for
dah dah dah dah dah
so if you guys wonder where your family
comes this is the lawn arosa mold looks
p.o box right here damn now we have a
little bit more to fill up look at them
such a romantic couple there okay honey
to start working out guys that actually
made me tired
okay so right now I should go a little
cool announcement for you guys which I'm
sure you will enjoy so you guys already
know awhile back I used to play pokey
gonna let me do that your boy plays
Pokemon go okay I know I'm a nerd but a
while back I went and go like to high
level accounts level 30 accounts from a
site with the pokey go trader now they
have like these brand new level 32
accounts and as well as giving me one
they're gonna hook you guys up but
before I get into that let me see my
account I haven't seen it they just gave
it to me and I was like oh I need to
show you guys on video so let's see why
get this time I think that was 32
basically if you guys don't play 32 is
like bam bam like it's the highest
property you can get I don't know you
guys stealing my password to my account
so no peeking don't try and use the
reflection in my eye to get it either
cuz they ain't gonna work
let me actually customize my character I
never do this let's go for a nice
hairstyle guys there you go a a blonde
by the way you guys know silent√≥ which
I met the other day
his hair is actually born now like I'll
put a picture of him right here
I had actually looked like this look at
that guy's level 32 I don't think you
guys have ever seen a Pokemon trick
shot geyser Kayla I'm talking to you
guys to the phone I'm gonna try coding
in my mouth that's crazy so moment of
truth let's see what is on the account
guys okay it's my first time seeing it
with you guys so let's go ahead and see
what pokemon we have I'm excited three
two one
wait what the hell is going on that is
so what are you guys seeing what I'm
seeing I don't even know what to say
guys like I've never seen that many
Snorlax is on one account is this legal
are you allowed to have that Venetian
order and here is much love to the poke
you go traitor for hooking you up guys
and as I said they're going to be
hooking you guys up with ten of these
accounts of the only rule is number one
you have to be a subscriber and comment
down below and I'll also leave their
website in the description so you can
check it out because they did hook it up
so right now I'm actually heading over
to my friends guys if you can't or until
I've got my gym bag I'm going to the gym
to get some games
alright guys so checking out item 8 over
to the gym of my man token and pay him
we got Linden in the building you ready
to workout guys come on bro come on
I thought you're the gym king this guy
go on push by this guy's just as bad as
me guys I can't do that either anyways I
want to weigh myself so I can show you
my progress in the next couple of months
guys so let's see how much I weighed in
did it in god damn oh my god I don't
look guess guess none 84 yeah but still
I'm first a little eye first a lot like
60 guys anyways in two months I
guarantee I'm gonna be at least 80 the
gate there you go so I like that anyways
I'm going to start exercising guys so
I'm going to go into time-lapse mode
let's do this
one kilometer 77 calories I like that
alright guys I'm just in the shower
right now finished up with a lot of my
exercises as you can see I sweat a lot
anyways I need to finish up quick here
because I'm starving wanna go eat so
I'll catch you guys off to my shower
because I don't think you guys want to
see me shower unless you do then you're
probably bring you gross but yeah let's
go I'm super hungry guys the food just
got here check it out so we got some
beef for the protein you already know
what it is beefy just like you know home
again no no pull that protein all that
protein get it I was just hiding my food
guys and I finished my white rice which
normally comes in a bowl this size so
fairly small my Oscar a brief dose and
they brought me they brought the whole
kitchen full of rice like what the hell
am I supposed to do this guy's I I
thought I have to feed my family now the
whole thing like god damn yo so check it
out we just came over to the store guys
and this really the first time I've seen
a snapchat hat I feel like you have to
buy this if you get like a million
followers on snapchat so you guys help
me out follow my snapchat on my
Instagram right now please just help a
brother out there turns out my mum and
sister actually also at the ball so I'm
gonna go see where they are I didn't
even know I just saw their car and I
caught them and they're like yeah we're
here alright oh thank you letting me
know guys in check it out
anyways they're here shopping guys
they're buying girl stuff I'm not going
to show you you know that by like I
don't don't worry about it don't need to
know what they're buying
I'm realized there's some nice shoes in
the store guys check it out damn these
are actually really nice let they be
like the longest shoes ever
you know like long afro
Lana yeah no you're not cool get out get
out of here get get out of here with
your worst jokes alive my favorite part
about this store guys no you're like get
me in the book get my face in the blood
my favorite part is the shoes guys look
at these if I buy a Ferrari you have to
buy one of these shoes and I'm gonna be
doing the opposite I'm gonna be really
long for sure he was gonna do that we
had big Lamborghini event you goin to
the where my Ferrari huh in a Ferrari
how about let me see what they do like
yeah yeah we're so out I really find
that magic more teams everything you're
like all right you traitor
I should have gone to the Lamborghini
Aventador guys oh that's how you get
Ferrari just what so you got his Ferrari
hit me up pay me and I'll do that pay me
and I'll do that guys as I promised you
pay me next lab already give us a ride
there's Memphis floor I mean cool for
all your slacking in the game I think I
need to start a funky shoe collection
guys I check this out oh I think we need
to start one I'm gonna push around a big
one you did you already know what side
you know what's up guy how much is this
thing oh my god
who's that there honking
anyways guys for now we're heading out
the mall I'll catch you guys at home is
an alarm anyway sketchy guys at home I'm
gonna go get ready cuz we're also going
somewhere else so yeah peace oh ok so I
just go home guys changed up and I'm
heading back out right now basically one
of my friends invited me down to their
friend's shop and their friend I it was
like the friends of the friend and their
friend's son watches me the owner of the
shop so the owner of the shop son
watches me and they have like a really
cool watch store so I'm gonna go say
what's up to the boy and just check out
the watches so let's go and I got you
guys that there should be some special
stuff but we'll see you guys let's go so
I just came over to a very very
expensive watch shop and check out who I
met so this is Mirage and this is cushy
and they watch my videos on a daily
basis and yeah
introduce yourselves to the blog I like
that anyways guys these watches are
crazy over here tell them what are these
this one's white nobody photo billion
and this one's a rose both camellias
this one
basically these watches are just super
rare and limited and crazy guys but yeah
there you go
I like that the first one W and this
one's the white the white Cermak and
this one's the rose gold and this one in
right here is idea some shooter flow
it's special that's what it is guys
anyways we're checking out some love you
watches they have over here guys I don't
want to take them off but just look at
them for what they are just amazing and
he actually has a Hublot do you have it
on you alright guys let's show you his
watch as well like he has some special
stuff for himself
man I like that I'd like to give a shout
out from audience yeah I mean Raju is
awesome guys anyways you already know
like we're going crazy there's so many
cool watches over here and I'm just
trying on every single one of them my
boy just lined up some of the most
expensive of rarest watches they have
over here guys and you're not going to
see these anywhere else in the world so
check this box out this there's only two
of these in the entire world guys yet
two and that is half a million dollars
in itself check this bad boy out
$500,000 guys damn this is also $500,000
guys so these two already 1 million
dollars over here and this this is
actually a concept watch an AP concept
guys super rare and you already know man
this box is just yeah ridiculously cool
man like the custom box select new
mushroom I'm gonna get the EP code set
you're just going to get all of it yeah
alright sound sounds good all of them to
million dollar gift there you go guys
honestly this looks crazy but I mean you
got a nice watch on that's right yeah
you're fine with the Hublot for now we
just finished up over at the watch store
guys and that was insane watch as you
saw there guys I'm not saying you don't
see them in the world for no reason you
don't see one of two one of two one of
them was and the other one was one of
five like Oh
million dollars or watch Oh alright we
finally made it back home guys there's
been a pretty hectic day I think to say
the least
I'm still doing that Xbox giveaway and
the only rule is to be subscribed so
make sure to go ahead and hit the
subscribe button I just be on a journey
with me just wait the lights turned on
outside which means there's somebody
outside reaches you know I show that
freakin out every time guys every time
that turns on I'm like who's behind the
door like everything up everything they
also mark a chance tomorrow Yolo Yolo
boy
