yell everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so there's only one
reason of story today's look so early my
video is finally not age-restricted
so if you guys are watching yesterday's
videos I told you that one of my videos
go age-restricted the one that we did
the duct tape challenge and it is
finally not age-restricted
which means all of you can watch it I
don't know I don't know what I did but
they fixed the problem you know what it
was guys I'll tell you what it was
I put torture in the title so they
thought that we were literally killing
each other in the video but it's finally
sorted out so a good start to a day so
I'm actually gonna be opening this
package for you guys today I got this
about a month ago and they actually
opened it in front of me for a security
check they thought it was like some sort
of like spy equipment but what it is
it's a drone it let's open this bad boy
and see what's up
let's do this okay that is very loud
check this bad boy out shout-out to vast
oh my god okay I did tell you this box
is from a while ago but these are gifts
for my mum and sister
oh I promise you guys I haven't opened
this until now the first line says I
wanted to congratulate you on reaching 2
million subscribers
she literally estimated when I was gonna
hit 2 million so that's crazy okay I
have to say a huge thank you for that
sweet letter but without further ado
let's get on to opening the drone okay
just the disclaimer I have never drink
equal it driven I've never ridden blue I
never flew a drone before yeah
hello darkness my old friend I want to
see how high we can take this guys are
you ready yeah this is dropps I'm drew
oh my god oh my god oh my baby's good I
don't think there's anybody at my
neighbor's house oh you how could I not
can I not get shy go knock on their show
hey I wouldn't go knock of my favorites
door get the drought disease is so hard
to control what it's up there
can you guys see it I don't even know if
you can I don't know where is our voice
I managed to get the drone back it's
alive its alive I'm actually really
lucky the gardener was working in the
garden so he gave it to me so yeah if
you guys have been watching my channel
for the past year you would know I like
collecting watches I want to show you
guys part of my collection not all of
them because like five of them are
upstairs and I can't be bothered to
bring them but I want you guys to get
involved in my watch collection so first
let me show you my watches and then we
can start talking about what I want from
you guys okay
so let's get it both
so now you've seen all these watches
guys let me talk to you guys about why I
collect watches because the reason I
actually buy watches is to represent
something in my own head so like
represent a moment of time so for
example let me show you an example guys
I bought this when I hit 200k sub it was
a big deal to me like I just had an
amazing week or month that time so I was
like you know what I'm gonna buy this
watch just to represent that period of
time and right now that I've got two
million subscribers I want to buy a
watch to represent like this month
because it's just been amazing it's been
an amazing time in my life so the thing
is I want you guys to pick this watch
okay I don't want to pick this watch
because it's more of like something we
did together so if you guys have any
suggestions please comment them down
below and within the next month I'm
gonna try and narrow them down so we can
finally get like a 2 million subscriber
watch added to the collection anyways in
fact of these watches and one more thing
let me just point out every watch that
was given to me this was fan mail fan
mail fan mail fan mail fan mail fan mail
fan mail fan mail fan mail fan mail and
fan mail so yeah a lot of these watches
weren't given to me guys but regardless
they look awesome
and yeah thank you to everybody that
said me or watch because it makes it
seem like I've got hundreds of watches
where really I probably only bought
about like five or seven of them but
yeah I just here into my sister's room
guys and do you want to see mommy mo she
might look a bit different than normal I
should I show the mummy oh my gosh I
have finished her makeup I'm gonna leave
them doing whatever they're doing over
here let's continue to our normal day
again everybody's ready to head out guys
are you ready to go leggo
you don't know me I'm too clean whoa
are you for real baby pink that is so
cool
let's get closer to it oh my gosh whoa
is that is so cool it's baby pink right
not even like a dark me it's literally
baby pink oh no no nicki manaj could be
in there
that down embezzling
let's go guys Oh karaoke and we drove
out here and there's people looking at
us from outside so we better get moving
okay and be outside at the same time we
spied a very unique car right now guys I
don't I didn't know to cool this but
look at that it's got no doors this car
has no doors I can let you jump in
passenger seat right now oh there you go
if you ever wanted to see a car with no
doors they can go you know what's really
awesome guys the owners of the guards
just came and check it out they call
with no doors oh my god know that you're
out my channel is crazy
so the first stuff I made guys was to
come and look at some watches the things
I don't even know what I'm looking for
anymore like I think the next watch I
should get should be something like
different or unique so I'm looking at
like you know these like snakeskin
type ones I don't think they're real
snakeskin but they look cool if you know
what I mean so I just mess eyes you guys
what's up what's up they watch the
videos you know I like guys are matching
with their users I like that we just
came to do some shopping guys and I
found the perfect cat for me make your
rain oh yeah but you turn it around and
it says make it rain on the top is wrong
buddy buddy buddy I'm actually gonna go
buy this out right now guys I wasn't
joking so let's go pay for this and I'm
gonna rock this
I literally just bought my hat and we
were about to leave guys look what they
have a watermelon guitar oh my god we
don't even got to play guitar but it
looks so cool
yeah we're definitely not buying this
you have no idea what you're doing
anyways it looks so amazing guys it's
literally the watermelon bag by the way
check this out
tie them at shitty when and got me an
iPhone case right now thank you so much
bro I appreciate it
shout-out to the squad for getting me
discover thank you so much yeah that's
awesome
hey I've always you already know what it
is I got my new hat
yo what's up what's up yo squad my
thought is actually really good at
skiing and he showed me a clip where he
did a front flip are you guys ready to
see this look how good he is down son
rewind rewrite I'll do that one more
time guys that's madness right now check
this out
so I just met the sweetest yes God ever
what's up what's up what's your name you
watch the videos okay who's your
favorite Mira Lana did it that's it
that's it you're out there scoffs I know
Jake's I amazing me you guys have to
sell yeyo though I can't believe that
happened to me guys you saw that point
she was like Lana's my favorite oh then
she didn't even realize she voted for I
said I don't know or something within
when you told our shot shame I had it
always happens to be low low school guys
I think we need to do something about
the name okay I feel people are telling
me it means like something loner Scott
has weird meanings apparently anyways so
you guys don't know my sister's favorite
number 786 and look what's on this car
786 what I think they're following you
that this guy definitely knows who you
are all right
give me a five Nissan GTR mom you smell
weird like it's right under your mom
yeah this is actually a ballsack I live
you got the money signs under look who
what my sister bought what is that for
what for my car oh my god she's serious
about this nice good job good job Lana
yeah they still with a paper on it it's
not watching anything Oh
so I discovered something really weird
about my brother and I just couldn't
believe it myself
like I just went through his phone and
he has like a lot of songs and I I
didn't expect this but he listens to
Disney songs like my brother
it's Saudi has a whole new world on his
phone like what is this are you okay mom
we can get you are you side to my family
business
sound effects on YouTube maybe he knows
the lyrics the son
of course I know the nerd every Aggie
know do you know where not enough in
chat your heart decide
she doesn't know so now that we're home
guys I actually let the drone charge up
so we're gonna go for round two with
this bad boy inside so this looks quite
scary mom and mom I'd be careful mom it
yo are those blade sight gonna hit you
in the face or something why woman
wanted moment I miss it I'm not gonna
record anymore Tina camera if that hits
you in the face moment I'll make serious
oh oh oh you broke it
mother this is actually really good for
practice because I wanna get a proper
draw let me know if I should I thought
that is a proper one but I mean like
it's like the one who cameras on oh we
just doesn't know if there's another
camera it's just like a toy drive I know
you guys want me to invest in a proper
job hit the like button cuz I've been
thinking about it for a long time but I
just don't want to spend so much money
and crashes so I think this is great to
start off as a oh yes see you late their
monitors plate over there you shouldn't
be doing that
oh yeah on the edge yeah I'm on very
smart if you break a finger you can't
edit videos anymore Mahmoud what does
that mean no battery okay I didn't
promise you guys that we'd be opening
these little gifts which are for my mum
and sister's birthday
my mom's upstairs right now she's not
camera-ready so I'm gonna open it for
her day she's not camera and knowing she
we should be down soon but let's get
straight onto the gift so nice way to
wrap
duh d'duh duh duh duh duhhh Oh watch
charm bracelet are you oh this is my
favorite I love charm bracelets this is
gorgeous
and they're matching so me and mom don't
have to fight over everybody's pretty
cool we can find out the same one now
that's actually really cool and his
thanks again for sending these in verse
I appreciate them as always and yet now
my mom and sister I'm matching charm
bracelet watches yeah you're probably
gonna dis my sister what you gonna do
she's gonna wear both of them now
now it's alright not like the last thing
I want to show you guys today is a
couple of fans actually drop this off
outside our house today so check it out
they actually gave me a two million
subscriber congratulations cake
congratulations mo blocks for two mil oh
that's so awesome
anyways as always guys on a rack for
today's look here by the way don't
forget if you want to be in for a chance
to win iPhone 7 all you need to do
subscribe and while you're at it just
comment something down below as well but
yeah I'll catch you guys tomorrow
another big surprise coming soon but I
can't tell you until it happened so
you're just gonna have to wait and yeah
yeah loyola peace out guys
