yo guys what is up welcome to another
video so before I start today's video I
actually have an announcement I'm
finally doing another giveaway ok so as
you can see I'm giving away an iPhone 7
and the only rule is to be subscribed to
the channel so go ahead and press
subscribe and comment down below for
your chance to win anyways let's get to
the rest of the video guys so today's
video is actually gonna be super
different this is my first time ever
doing this I'm actually doing a
challenge with a girl youtuber called
halo you can meet her right now
oh hi I'm Afra I TV on YouTube I need
comedy videos on my channel and also
having a movie for my phone like this so
be sure to subscribe to it and also make
sure you click on the closed captions on
my channel to active using your
subtitles check out the challenge I
friends on my talent the links to my
channel and our video will be in the
description box see anyways that was
regular guys and as you can see she has
a channel of her own and today we agreed
to both do challenges on our channels so
I'll leave the link to her channel in
the description without further ado
let's get onto the daunting challenge
rules of the game are my sisters gonna
try and duck take me to the wall and
make me float me there just with the
duct tape and I'm gonna try and get out
with my hope muscles yeah but oh alright
let's let's do this shot it I'm doomed
do one route do not touch my hair don't
if that touches my hair no wonder what
your son don't need a gun to get my
species shoot one more lovely person we
have in today's video movie Road she's
gonna help torture me today so let's do
this don't just my I'm supposed to show
you guys I'm getting on that chair right
now so I'm literally going to be
sellotaped
in midair before they start guys look
they've got a whole self going on right
now
oh oh we're about to go down right now
it's gonna be so fun
okay number one guys
I'm literally so fat to be doing this
right now Georgian team of the beginning
you know we should you turn the chair oh
my god you can turn the chair no I need
help i need help again every change
share gonna change it guys we have fans
at the door I can't come to the door
right now I'm on the wall I'm on the
wall hello
no more is right now strapped to the
wall okay good job baby I can't guys
where we came the door mo was literally
strapped to the wall like as you can see
yeah
oh she tried to come on video they ask
you how are you to say that you're fine
you're not really fine you just can't
get into it because they would never
understand all right now I managed to
strap in his right arm in the middle
section of his body so we're going to
try and crisscross the tape and make
sure it's totally secure so he doesn't
fall off
you
I'm thirsty guys guys stop I need to
drink more I'm like hey you're gonna
drown me give me some no please what
that is I'm thirsty
I just asked for a drink water my mom's
trying to kill me yeah I got your it is
not working is that strong clean it
tastes like Justin I'm really enjoying
this challenge guys like this are we
done now more yes yes need to be so as
you can see this is my brother up close
do you know there's a twist
this was actually not only a duct-tape
challenge this was a torture challenge
now we're gonna torture my brother
why's he strapped to the world now is
the time to see my brother can handle
more than just dumb this is only a duct
tape you know what I'm thinking this my
brother asked for water we're gonna get
do you know
are you trying to kill me up with me no
chocolate no you should stop the torture
challenge yet I feel really bad no I
think my brother's been tortured enough
solar picturing a position the company's
yeah I feel really bad after like what
we did to my brother now like he was
turned into cereal and Nesquik Oh
covered in milk uh-oh I'm going to get
my sister back so hard she's gonna
regret doing this to me there's no c'mon
II won't let you
my protect me I don't need likes I don't
need life nice your hundred money always
get one no I don't need anything I sir
I'm gonna make her suffer so okay
oh yeah all right that's that's okay
you're fine now mo let's pretend did
enough mom and I discussed a moment okay
guys so here goes nothing we're fine
much just strap my brother to the wall
I'm gonna pull the chair under his legs
let's see much I'm scared
guys I don't know if this is gonna work
yo yo yo yo this is scary man this is
scary oh sorry sorry sorry oh
I told you I got freedom
we've learned that section out guys you
know he's actually still floating above
the ground guys look look look Allah oh
my god his feet are still above the
ground guys at this point so that's
pretty good I watch this guy I told you
having superpowers your buddy's out
again your face this is sparta we did it
guys we did it this is chocolate milk on
the wall guy oopsie viciously I forgot I
lose you guys there you go that's been
your boy ball vlogs I told you I'd kill
this challenge yeah now we just need to
buy a new wall because my sister did
that to it make sure to smash the like
button if you want me to do another one
and don't worry just just hit the like
button and you already know who's going
next yeah yeah yeah I'm sorry guys I'm
gonna kill her okay I'm gonna go take a
shower I need to
and you smell like Nesquik your blood is
our buddy and if you try not to hurt we
get you that of it leo big big bully bet
you that of it believe anyways guys as
always on a wrap up today's lucky I hope
you have enjoyed by the way before I go
I sort of say in regards to the iPhone
giveaway I know I showed you this box
this is the one that I got you could
take this one if you want however if you
do want a new one I will also order you
want don't worry about that so I just
want to put that out there in case
you're like wow that's the books you had
don't worry guys I'll get you a new one
if you want a new one okay anyways catch
you guys some more for another vlog I
love you all and yeah leo no boom
