I jump up on the stage and do my money
gears I throw some money up they watch
the money
yo yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog so we're starting out today
me and my more on our little bike as you
can see Alana's gonna be running to the
supermarkets overall g9 I'm sorry I'm
sorry Lana
buh-bye Lana anyways guys today's gonna
be a good day
Lana has to catch up by running guys I
feel so bad for her oh you can come grab
the grab the camera that's all phone
down food
your boys pushing me on the bike boy I'm
going up I'm getting like yes good he's
like pushing us oh okay good bye bye bye
bye guys see you soon my mom doesn't
like riding with Lana cuz she has no
idea what she's doing I start start
stuck yeah you're gonna kill mommy
Mustang gang out here I'm catching up
and here you go guys we just laid it
over to the supermarket nice and easy
so the reason we actually came over to
the supermarket guys is today is
Halloween now we need to buy some candy
so check it out we've got a bunch of
candy in here I don't even know what
they are guys we just picked the
greatest oh you going I was like who is
talking to me right now
oh you finally made it guys anyways
that's the candy we're getting guys did
it a derp derp derp derp I like it it
looks good it's good so we just did our
shopping guys and my mom decided to also
ditch me just like Lana
and I have to take all the shopping
alone on my by eye I see you guys me
nothing so cool Mahmoud be careful
Mahmoud want it I want to catch out to
mom dice it wait we hit the road there's
no guys
okay there's what oh my gosh mom run get
off a run all right pizza alright guys
so he just made me run further now oh I
throws a joke come back mom alright now
that we're home I got too much sauce yo
check this out oh okay this is not work
you got I thought that oh are you
kidding me oh I got the candy
so you might be wondering why the hell
do I look like this right now so I
quickly went to put my clown costume on
there's kids going around for candy guys
and I thought why not give them candy
guys I'm not here to prank them or
anything but this is just my Halloween
costume so I'm gonna go around and give
the kids some Halloween candy Halloween
it's gonna reach two million try to kill
real yo so as you can see my sister just
got ready and we're about to head out
but before we head out there's one thing
I want to do it kay you ready dude let's
do it guys watching these skinny jeans
oh no man hey hey okay okay I wanna do
this
do your dad build a desert you are you
your daddy son oh oh look how cute she
is
no you're ugly you're daddy's son hey
for now we're heading out guys we got a
bunch of kids outside I'm running them
all over yeah where'd she go illegal
illegal illegal I'm wearing it I work it
short break we're gonna we're gonna be
back once everything is on the route
yeah I'm safe guys I'm safe wait my
shake my head shake man y'all is so busy
now Halloween look at that yeah oh shut
up
yeah yo like this is the biggest trick
or treat I've ever seen in my life
Wow look at them I'm a witch I bought
this up I mean I'm just literally born
all right just a hat guys
she changed off it from brows to a hat
yeah you know what I just thought this
outfit works with this more so me and
mom are gonna be two witches
we go crazy
later lega getting booked in and ready
to play so we're right around the corner
from our friend's house you already know
what it is Halloween I don't know where
are we going by the way you know we
didn't really plan this yeah we just
been in just saw worst comes to worst
we're just gonna go run around everybody
you just writing out on that beat yeah
what am I not happy so we just went over
to our friends place and I actually want
to show you a very cool car okay I'm
gonna way onto lawn and gets up here and
then we'll show you it's crazy
oh my gosh the size of this thing is
nearly touching the room I know the
ceiling is so
that is amazing I haven't even showed
them what it is yet show them are you
guys ready are you ready BAM the 6x6
guys dad this is one of the craziest
cars in the world guys I don't know
we were actually planning on taking this
guys but I don't think we can all fit at
number two finding parking for this car
you need two parking spaces like
literally two parking spaces so yeah let
me show you the interior of this car as
well guys because it's actually super
luxurious wait oh my god guys this car
even has leather floor mats yes you
heard me right let's go into the back
you know what's surprising as big up for
cars it is it's only got two seats at
the back wanted to so it's made for like
luxury awesome car I wish we could fit
in it but we can't were like seven
people now we're gonna say goodbye to
this car guys as cool as it is it's a
little bit of a problem taking out
because it's massive
look look at the size of that thing guys
you need two parking spaces for that so
we just made it inside this place guys
it's super super busy
I don't even know I've been reminding me
we just got here how are heading out
it's so busy in there the killer comet
always seems to attract people you know
that's what you see kids the killer
found is a good person as I said we're
heading out to find somewhere else State
there was no seats over there but it was
like it was hyped up over there so let's
go and see what's up you know I like
guys look the door handles on this car
I'll light up so you can see them all
the time so you gave to have some kebab
guys and I came here once before so I
brought everyone here if it doesn't
taste good it's my fault but it does
look good so far so BAM
check that out we got the mince the lamb
the chicken and the lamb again so Bon
Appetit and more chicken Oh
Lana's the only one with their Halloween
costume still on guys uh-uh retard alert
retard alert the desert just got here
guys and if you guys haven't seen i've
just been obsessed with this falooda
ice cream this week basically I tried to
experience you lost time it's like this
ricey lemony it's amazing guys a few
moments later so you just made it back
to our friends place guys and I thought
of a really cool idea why don't get some
cool pictures with the 6x6 and my clown
costume so we're actually gonna move the
car forward oh listen to this engine
that is a tongue that is literally a
tank guys oh my god
look at that thing because I'm moving a
house on wheels there's literally a
house on wheels guys look how close he
is to the roof is wrong I know the tires
are literally like mountains we're gonna
open the boot and actually sit inside
this car at a shy try oh my god it's so
heavy oh whoa
Oh didn't add a data she made it she
read it just to show you the size of
this car look at Lana guys and look at
the car
Lana the car she's tiny compared to this
whole thing guys that's ridiculous
Wow no way would I want to be a get home
before this beast just takes you we're
gonna take some cool pictures so check
it out on our instagrams guys all of
that is down below
your daddy's eye and that is 100 music
video so we just finished taking our
photos and everything with this beast of
a car guys so much fun like if I owned
one of these guys you best believe I'll
do everything on it I do family picnics
on it but it's all safe and that cold so
big like honest you guys you know you
can drive
and if you are like a Lamborghini or
Ferrari coming at me like do you think
I'd be scared of you at that no I just
run you over like that's it the house is
moving the house is moving whoa back it
up back it up oh wait just listen to the
car move it's like a house moving it
makes so much noise in the desert so
this one oh this is this is a house yeah
off-road everything you guys better be
following me on instagram because this
week is about to get lit with all of the
buzz anyways for now we're heading on
home guys we literally just had like a
small dinner with our friends and stuff
and yeah more cool stuff to come soon
now that we're home guys I sure want to
show you something that happened today
so long me and mummy Moore were out Lana
was at home and she told me yo and you
guys were out literally 30 people came
to the door and I was like okay she's
exaggerating look at this guy's this
happened when being Bobby Moore were out
on the street with our Halloween costume
check this out so as you can see guys at
first there was just one kid with a
couple of his friends but no no no
Jumanji is about to go down look at this
holy moly anything you think we're done
there no look there's another Jumanji
happening right now they are coming in
what was going on oh my god they still
look there's like a group another ten of
them oh look at the very and as you can
see guys that is what my door was
looking like today oh my god guys I'm
sorry waving
yeah I'm sorry guys I didn't have enough
candy and I wasn't even at home so here
you're at least yet to be on the vlog
guys anyways I just showed you all of
that just to show you how busy Halloween
was today
our area was packed honestly packed and
as you can see we still have a couple of
witch costumes yeah we're gonna wrap up
today's look here and I just wanna say a
huge thank you to you guys because
yesterday I asked you guys if you
haven't already subscribed if you could
do so and a lot of you actually said you
are genuinely forgotten to press
subscribe so thank you all for actually
subscribing if you haven't already done
so please go ahead and press subscribe
actually does help me out a lot
I'll get you guys some more for another
vlog and stay awesome I love your yellow
Yolo good boy
