yeah everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today I've had one of
the strangest things ever left in front
of our house if you can see that guys
that is a plate number somebody has left
a motorcycle plate number in front of my
house and I honestly have no idea what
to do with this thing guys like is this
even allowed like what what am I
supposed to do with a motorcycle plate
number if this is yours this is at my
house like I don't know if it the person
that gave it to me it's theirs if it is
let me know what you want me to do with
it cuz this is strange this is very
strange guys maybe maybe they're trying
to tell me to buy a motorcycle maybe
they're just saying look here's your
plate number from now mo I have no idea
I'm just gonna like put it somewhere in
my house I'm not even sure my semi
supposed to do that am I supposed to
leave it I don't know I'm taking it
thank you for the gift if this was meant
to be a gift and if it wasn't yeah I
have your plate number whoever it
belongs to hey hey check it out voice
your voice looking straight out fire
right now wearing one of my favorite
shirts the one with the axe and the
hashtags anyways right now about to head
out but before I do actually talk to you
guys so I'm actually unhappy about one
thing at the moment and the thing is if
you guys have been like a follower of my
channel I used to talk to you guys a lot
about everything so what I was going
through what I wanted to do like
everything and for the past month I kind
of been losing that connection I don't
want that to be the case so let me
update you guys on what's going in my
life right now so at the moment
literally just because of you guys I'm
going through all the best phases in my
life like the channels doing amazing you
guys are supporting me so much and I
don't just mean by the views going up
like literally your comments they're
just so nice and I appreciate it like
honestly I do appreciate secondly I want
to update you guys on just me how I'm
doing basically if you guys don't know
too much about me in real life I'm not
too good with new people
I'm very to myself
which is a bad thing because it is
limited me a lot like even when it comes
to collapse like before I used to get so
many emails of youtubers like that's me
let's collab and I never used to email
them back not because I didn't want to
but just not being an outgoing person
I'd always be like oh but as I said I've
been changing now and I wanted to let
you guys know that so hopefully you'll
be seeing many more collabs and stuff
anyways right now I'm actually heading
out to go see one of my boys so let's go
in front of me I have a brand new
mclaren 570s if you guys don't know what
that is it's basically the new McLaren
look at it that's crazy
yo that big blue this is my song
I came to the wrong parking guys because
I missed my turn but it's alright I kind
of like this parking just because it
gives you a token so I just made it over
to the hotel which I'm meeting my friend
and I've been here a couple of times
before guys but it's the first time I've
realized how beautiful it is I look at
that thing there's literally a UFO type
thing as the chandelier guys like that
thing is massive Wow
anyways he's coming to meet me here in
the lobby so you should be here soon and
then we're just gonna talk a bit and
yeah that's it pretty much
it's all how we meet I'm just gonna be
honest I'm a complete idiot guys I went
to the wrong hotel and I sat there for
about ten minutes I was like why is my
friend still not here turns out it was
the wrong hotel that is a yellow g-wagen
I proved the struggles of coming to the
wrong place guys let me quickly pay for
my parking and let's go I come on
hey it's free it's free I love you
because I was in here for more than 15
minutes I don't have to pay yes okay so
I finally found the right hotel guys
check it out
look at me
he was waiting like ten minutes in the
heat for me I'm sorry but I'm actually
heading straight houses a quick meeting
over here and stuff like that but now
I'm going to another one so P supper
series we by the way I'm not sure if you
remember but Johnny has actually lost a
lot of weight look at him
I lost a little bit of a gun he used to
be the size of Shawn over there he's
running away but now he's skinny like me
check it out we're doing juice we're
doing juicing and inactive juices carry
me I'll tell you by the way back anyways
peace out guys see you soon but I was
also just meeting up with them I just
literally came here for five minutes
guys and I got I got a box and I'll tell
you what this is more later again got a
little box little surprise but I'm not
telling you now because I want it to be
a little little I don't even know what I
say I can to surprise guys in case a
surprise what's up what's up BJ check
your hands we have chill we out shit I
just videos my boy bone money that's
what's up troublesome look at this today
just it just be chilling guys it's a
normal day we just out here eating food
but remember last Friday how I got kin
the hot-air balloon oh yeah no guys on
Friday apparently we're doing hot-air
ballooning and O&I day not I'm not
waking up at 3:00 a.m. again it's
driving two hours into the desert to get
canceled on again so this time happens
you owe me something
Oh put money on the table oh okay if it
gets canceled how much do I get my
salmon oh yeah I'm sure that's a good
bet we'll see we'll see you guys if you
guys know anything about me this is my
favorite rice because you just get to be
this guy's it's the way you do you put
your finger in it and then you just do
that we're actually heading out if
you're now after our crew guides the mo
is lost his car and when I was entering
I saw this cool system where you can
find your car and he didn't know he was
like I think you can find your car seat
you see that machine there like a
there's a machine there if you see those
people using it guys and I swear you
could find your car with it that's why I
think anyway let's go check it out I
don't know I think there's cameras in
front of every car okay let's see if the
search guys add and really know what if
you don't know your plate number okay we
know our plate on my ass like a type in
as much as your license plate okay four
one eight one six please work if this
works I'll be so cool find my car please
so cool okay yeah where's my car yeah
your cars here level one that's crazy
what's your plate number Wow
great that is ultimate stalking guys
that is ultimate stalking this is one of
the coolest things I've ever seen
if you know your light display if you
know your license plate you can find
your car I don't I can find out much
much later oh my god okay mo finally
found his plate number guys let's see if
they can find this car for him
da da da dun da da da da I mean - ah mo
it's in the wrong hole oh the car your
car is somewhere in this parking lot
that's all we know from this machine
that your car is here is here but when
you come out we don't know where is Wow
look at that fog guys come on I know I'm
hot but chill chill glass this is by the
way I know exactly how this system works
if you guys didn't know you see these
light things they have over here all
these green lights they use a camera so
if you see right there that's the camera
okay still doesn't make sense so what if
every camera reads every yeah bridge all
the plate numbers it's a very smart
system very smart system guys only in
Dubai first one to show you that footage
is mo blogs House of exclusives here
always off exclusio I am
hey you kind of won't Emirates you'll
hit me up bro hit me up this guy most
still doesn't know where his car is so
and about the few months oh hi so peace
out bro
see you soon so hopefully I don't have
to pay come on another free parking yeah
buddy yeah buddy let's go check it out
guys I just made it home and somebody's
got gifts are you ready
Lonnie you ready what happened
oh you're do your makeup thing yeah oh
I've seen videos like this guys where
girls peel off their lipstick do you
have a gift here you go oh thank you
just a big smile for the camera I ate me
cover over my mistake okay this one's
coming off guilty it kind of moves like
a color on her lip was that your vlog
what the hell guys she said it kind of
leaves a color on your lip like that's
the main point I've seen YouTube guys
what the hell was that thing you're
peeling off that is disgusting I did it
wrong well there you go guys that is the
behind-the-scenes of a makeup video what
let me just peel my lip off right here
honestly I came up here to say she just
released a blog cool pranking my brother
or prank pranking more blogs
he's completely
cuz he don't see done oh man he's here
and it was the best video I've ever
watched so link tonight is in the
description no no no joke
like that it came out so perfect like
the way they were recording and stuff
and on the video I know I said I wasn't
scared but I was scared okay what the
hell is going on here looking I like to
like always hold her hands of me like
this no please please she's gonna get up
and leave and then she's gonna get Moody
all right use a good boy that'd be a
good girl weakly boy I'm gonna get out
here guys let her continue her makeup
things so yes that's like a it's top
secret for now guys but it's for
something we're doing in like two days
basically it's like a girl event I want
to go to it as well but basically she
gets a load of free stuff like clothes
and dresses and stuff that's what's up
that's also you know Moe's got them
plugs
we got the plugs out here guys I just
saw the craziest thing on line guys so
you know my boy me and Mo we wore those
weeks they did him dirty
like they just roasted in like are you
are you ready to see this guys check
this out look at the top of his head
yeah I don't think my boy beau is ever
recovering from that one guys that
that's a roast for life
that's a roast for life as if you don't
know that's messy like one of the best
footballers in the world and I think
this guy's an actor Penley but Moe you
got roasted I want to show you how smart
my cats are okay
it's around like 1:00 a.m. right now and
every day at this time you put them in
their room to sleep but they are so
genius they decide to sleep in the most
adorable way in front of you so you
don't take them to that room I'm not
sure if you can see that his eyes are
like open a little bit he always does
this he squints just to see what you do
they're just so adorable look at him oh
so I know every day you guys watch the
blogs in our life on video but where you
don't get to see is the nightlife we
have and I know you are like oh wait
yomo you're about to turn up no no guys
okay basically at night if you look
there this is my mom's computer in front
of me is my computer and this to the
left is my sister's computer and iPad
and we actually all just sit here doing
like emails and everything Internet
related it also gives me time to eat my
crisps and yogurt like that's why I have
over here she's multitasking show them
the time on your phone now show them the
time on your phone guys I want you to
see my sister's wallpaper stay silent
and observe idiots I don't I don't ask
me
terr phone thing guys anyways as always
I'm gonna wrap up to this mug here I
love you as always I always forget to
mention this at the beginning of the
vlogs I'm giving away an Xbox that one
right there guys so all you have to do
to win is subscribe to my channel and
you can also check out my sister's
channel in the description
yeah new video of the pranking their
pranking I was so funny guys
anyways they also my love you'll yell
your loan Oh boom
