it's my birthday it's my birthday
okay here it is guys I'm gonna be doing
an Xbox giveaway the only rule is you
guys have to be subscribed to the
channel and you get to win this Xbox
thank you
yo yo everyone what is up good morning
so today is a bad day for me guys I'm so
sick my nose my throat everything is
congested but don't worry because as I
always say it's worthless as I always
say never let anything bring you down
guys
not even if you're dying just be happy
okay so the first thing I want to do
today is react to a video now this video
is actually really really touching let's
just say that secondly after you watch
this video but it announced the winner
to the camera giveaway this video is
actually from the guy who won the first
vlogging camera I only watched the first
like 20 seconds but it was so so nice
and it made me smile so much so let's
watch parts of it together guys okay
let's go sit down and do a reaction
video good morning guys my face oh yeah
look at that guys I know what hi kids oh
it's that one right there that's the box
we said
why's the box in random places
oh yeah so we're going to unpack that
box that I'm box that box I am very very
thankful and very lucky to win this kind
of stuff in your life because I'm a
simple I'm not the rich the wealthy
person I'm just a normal teenager to
have this we can take your oh thank you
lord
have some tricks hello congratulations
reading oh you enjoy the hangar ah yah
oh yah oh yah oh yah oh yah oh yah oh
thank you very much you know this is so
much mean for me because I really love
this thing I'm very very very very happy
thank you very much the same it good
luck for your next 10 million
subscribers yeah hello that's all folks
damn guys I just watched that I say made
me feel like guys honestly John Joseph
for nelos I think that's how I say it
you deserve it man and yeah good luck
with the vlogging guys did you see like
you have to go so far yet it is crazy
man like honestly guys just that
connection I can have with you guys and
stuff like that it's just I can't I
can't explain guys anyways thank you so
much for sending that video to me oh so
now it's time for the winner of the
brand-new vlogging camera guys the
winner are you guys ready drumroll
please the winner of the Randy boy
camera
Oh jump so if that is you
congratulations let's continue the rest
of the guys that video has put me in
such a good mood John thank you again
you don't need to thank me thank you
because that has made my day
you guys already won't believe what I
just saw guys we have a video on the
trending page I know no joke you check
this out guys yeah we made it guys we
made it
Lana's birthday is all okay wait what
happened Lana's birthday is on the
trending page look just just to prove it
you guys I'm gonna go press home and
then we're going to come back to
trending okay check this out run the
homepage right now they're trending and
once you scroll down boom boom I want to
thank that your your squad we out here
you already know what's up this is the
first time I think I've been on trending
I've never seen this before so I love
you all if you haven't already
subscribed subscribe now let's be on the
journey together we're taking over so
you might be wondering mo why are you on
the floor right now
so I shoulda show you guys something
very cool the other day when we were at
the Lamborghini of man
I actually got very cool present check
it out
okay so you might be wondering what the
hell mo so the event was actually for
like a game and Microsoft were there and
apparently they watch my vlogs and they
were like take this Xbox oh thank you
guys I appreciate it it was very random
but thank you Xbox golf for just giving
me a free xbox and this is actually my
first ever Xbox like I've never had one
before so yeah that's pretty dope my
first Xbox was a gift from Microsoft
guys can't see what's in the box guys so
check it out we've got ourselves a brand
new Xbox 500gb guys the thing is I
really want to open it but at the same
time I think you guys will be better off
with it so here it is guys I'm gonna be
doing an Xbox giveaway the only rule is
you guys have to be subscribed to the
channel and you get to win this Xbox
that is my little opening done guys the
reason I'm sitting here is I love this
so much my fan gave me this and this
sitting next to this when the light is
on it makes me feel happy now I'm not
like a billboard ammo vlogs billboard
right here check it out guys whoa that
thing is so annoying like look I'm gonna
show you how to stop it from making this
noise you ready listen what what you hit
it and it stops making the noise we're
just about to head out guys
mom Ola are ready we're gonna go out to
get their birthday gift
what don't worry nothing expensive but
okay you know what I'll do it fair guys
I'll spend I'll spend the same amount
for them that they spent for me so mommy
what did you buy me for my birthday
birthday what did you buy me for my
birthday
yeah okay okay so you bought me a twenty
dollar pajama okay what about you what
we forgot it so you bought me nothing
you bought me nothing he never came with
me I took him to the shop he's I I'm not
sure so between the two of them they
spent about $10 each nice what he was
there I was about to pay for it and he's
like 92 think about it you ready money
well let's go
I live radical man I didn't ready kill
that guy from scooby-doo who do I look
like shaggy try go into the mall like
this oh my gosh I don't want a gift
anymore
all right we just made it over to the MU
guys I don't know why my face looks so
red that's how you know I'm sick guys
like look at my face
the blood is all in here anyway let's go
around see what's up let's get mummy and
Lana a small little birthday present I'm
all already knows what she wants you she
wants a bag so let's go find her a bag
first stop for birthday shopping look
what we found Lana guys sure you need
that over here I mean it's way too cold
in Dubai if you guys didn't know it's
like freezing
thank you I didn't get the whole
announced but but pretty much they're
closing and they still haven't bought
anything we've been currently looking
around for about one hour and my mom and
sister have not found anything they eat
it truly anything can I find something
for you okay here you want this let's
take it off let's take it off her there
you go but I don't put out that it was
just on her shoulders it was just okay
that wasn't me I thought she put it like
that I found something so awesome for my
sister to buy no no I found something so
cool for you to buy look up there a camo
shirt to match me we're gonna be
matching twins I'm about to try this one
it looks good I got something similar to
it so guys comment down below what you
prefer I picked that she's making that
this looks amazing
yo all right my sister just tried on the
shirt guys FL that is nice we match
right now with scholarly gang gang gang
what so we are your boys yoga swap alive
are you gonna get it it looks nice
we're not even here right now you can't
see us we're camouflage
yes you can't see me right now cause
series is that that's a nice I picked
that guys I picked that I've got a fun
little game I can play right now guys so
at the moment on YouTube I'm 1 million
six hundred and like fifty thousand
subscribers so why not make it with this
guys I'm sorry I have to mess up
everything here I 1 million six hundred
and fifty four thousand subscribers guys
check it out by the way the music here
is like banging it's like so hype
hey hey hey hey hey hey don't don't give
it oh yeah that's a nice t-shirt I find
what I'm looking for
it's my birthday it's my birthday it's
my birthday it's my birthday
oh okay so finally as you saw we came
out with the purchase guys all the
stores are closed which means mommy
actually didn't get to buy anything guys
but we have a deal because mommy didn't
get to buy and see guys next time we
come we're gonna take her on a luxury
shopping trip okay we're gonna go pull
out for mommy okay I want to buy her my
mom hates us buying her expensive stuff
these are probably the most expensive
sandals I've ever seen in my life guys
when they come in a box like that you
already know you're charging look at it
it comes with a suitcase
oh boy check it out guys we have a
letter Oh
it says happy birthday how do you guys
find my car that's my question guys like
people find my car when it's like in the
middle of parking like is it my plate
number I don't know but thank you for
putting that note on it Yolo Yolo
so we're just doing a quick stop at the
supermarket to buy some ice cream guys
like our ice cream looks really dodgy at
the moment like it's supposed to be
chocolate but it's black yeah I think
it's expired guys so we need to update
that
what type of name is this rude health
like what they've got some weird like
Coco Pops stuff over here and then
they've got a Barcelona cornflakes
Barcelona makes cereal now what what is
going on today this is so I've never
seen them more slaughter and rude help
the world is coming to an end guys the
world is good next thing you know
bullocks cornflakes out what is that
root are you that rude brah are you that
what the hell is a cake it's not rude
Ian what that that's the worst Rudy
pronunciation I've ever heard here we
are guys ice cream I remember as a kid
we used to have these ones guys remember
oh I want to get one actually okay you
get yours I'll get mine so right now we
came to get some toothpaste guys so what
do you want to go for guys I think I
should go to mall right like the thing
is no guys you've been roasting my
brother in the comment section say he's
got yellow teeth
we get different types of guys I need
all the toothpaste I can get right now
get everything get everything my teeth
needed save more vlogs - we're gonna add
everything guys - take it all take it
off hey your puppy how you doing guys
how you doing we got the driver of this
car today you know and mocking why you
have facebook it's so making you a hairy
lady you a hairy lady puppy we just got
home and look at the mouth ants in our
home what my good what our cat doesn't
like them that is crazy these people did
I mean Aviv we left the cat food out and
look what happened look at that we're
gonna try one more thing before I wrap
up today's look so you guys know we have
the week we want to see how long it will
look if she has short hair guys you
ready I'll see you guys in a second you
didn't - Dead oh my god
oh my god disgusting Oh baby's
completely I'm gonna wrap up today's
like yeah I hope you have enjoyed it you
and you stay awesome I'll catch you guys
tomorrow and don't forget if you want to
win the Xbox guys just make sure to
subscribe and you're in for that I'll
probably pick the winner in around three
weeks so you have time guys anyways see
tomorrow Yolo Yolo boy Oh
