yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today's log is just
gonna be crazy guys not gonna say much
else let's go and have an amazing day
let's do this so I just came to pick up
my boy Moe right now guys and check this
dog out it is literally one of the
laziest dogs I've ever seen he wants to
just roll around on the floor guys this
is his walk right now he's just sleeping
on the floor ah welcome to the family
today yo yo squat family I haven't even
told you guys where we're going we're
actually going over to like a YouTube
event and a bunch of you guys should be
there we goin you to partay right there
get out just go so we just made it here
guys and there's actually not too many
people with so selfies and stuff so
I just want to say a lot of people are
being or to suborn I just been happy so
say good timing right yo man the
sweetest I never saw to the big man
don't cry no cry just super sweet man
thank you so much
come on right we're good we're here
strung out against alright you're so
sweet guys you see that yeah yes alright
hey guys so right now me and my mom are
about to go it's a really cool car but
she looks so beautiful
I love red on mom looks really nice so
mo isn't able to join us so me and mommy
more gonna take over and try and block
for you guys this really cool car event
so I'm excited let's go before it's late
so we just met with my best friend the
trends are out now as you can see how
beautiful veil is so let's go purple
twins are back guys amazing unbelievable
we have the entire ship side road you
can see all the buildings they look so
cool
so me and my mom just arrived here there
is an amazing show happening I think
it's going to be for the National Day
preparations but the view is amazing
right now I'm going to quickly show you
run down with the cars let's go I run
into a big fan here what's your name
Nora I want to give a shout-out to my
friend cream he watches the vlog in all
euros Scott for life and I hope you guys
enjoy yourselves here yeah so I'm just
standing at the end of the cars here but
there is an amazing view behind me as
you can see we've got all the cars here
and I'm just trying to get all of them
the video for you guys but check out the
view as well here we've got the sea it
is stunning here guys I think my brother
might be able to make it guys so I'm
hoping he gets here before we leave
we're about to go for a really cool
Drive I'm just waiting I think they're
rounding up all the
I'm still counting down to more for him
to be able to get here that's all mom
are you are you joining one I'm gonna be
bright amazing guys and if you see as I
turn the camera guys you can see the
view
oh boy so for now leaving the venules
crazy as you can see they bought a huge
youtube banner but I lost people I met
today super awesome I love you all and
don't forget you're the real ones again
so straight after that YouTube event
I am literally in the middle of one of
the biggest if not the biggest comments
of everything that guys guys
we're in the middle of supercar madness
right now what's up what's up
ah
right now I'm in the Porsche gt3 RS this
thing's a beast but something has a cage
inside it you already know he goes
follows guys look now what we have over
here
this is what you call a lineup guys
Oh duh we even have a GTR over here I
never saw that one guys
Oh Gigi I squid
this car is like kicking your my3 guys
let's go let's go
you
okay guys so we're just standing here
because we've no idea where to go man
you can see my twin here hello my
sweetie she's over there and yeah we
just trying to find the way so I don't
know you guys know which way okay we're
just waiting we're just waiting like
your photo
No
get out the way
ah yeah they are no sound
Oh
we're coming you guys have been seeing
and hearing everything so far it has
just been insane I think we're going to
stop by somewhere to grab some photos of
these beauties but for now it's just
that they have like honestly just boom
oh yeah the cars are finally parking up
over here guys I think we're just gonna
take some bows relax that was a hectic
Drive like probably one of the best
tribes I've been online oh it's crazy oh
my God look at the smoke we're literally
the last people to leave guys like the
whole parking lot is empty all the cars
went so let's jump in and go they've
been gone for like five minutes guys we
sit around talking with some friends so
let's go let's go catch up
dinner with everyone
so we finally arrived to the hotel and
this is a new hotel which I've never
been to but you'll see the view in front
of me all the cars are made it over to
where we're having dinner guys you got a
view who asked me over here but let me
show you one car that's just been like
grabbing my attention today crap I've
never seen this combination before it's
it's amazing guys beautiful check this
out it's like a mattified chrome wrap it
looks amazing it looks very very good
guys that's me
the yellow
amazing there check it out guys we just
made it over to the hotel awesome
awesome car and this is actually our
first time over here and let me be
honest this place looks amazing are you
guys ready to see this check it out so
as you saw guys this place is
ridiculously luxurious they go some of
the coolest designs ever look at these
these flowers are orchids guys and they
just look so damn beautiful oh my god
and the my sister's favorite color you
look up and you see some beautiful
lights as well but yeah this place just
keeps getting better and better guys
we're just going down he's like stairs
it looks like a palace in here guys Oh
Wow look at that that is so awesome guys
now that is what you call talent anyways
let's go let's go eat we literally sat
down guys and I don't think any of us
ordered this but look at the sushi they
brought for us guys wow that is a lot of
sushi
you better sorry guys I'm just in the
buffet trying to get some food guys but
look at this they go so also awesome
pumpkin carvings over here these are
like creepy faces they've carved our
real pumpkins that is so cool I like
this on this face looks also mourning
zombie outbreak
that is awesome I just finished it we
just finished having our fruit chicken
let's go get some dessert right now guys
it's 2 days I came to have some dessert
guys but look at what I found there's
some cool gadget thing over here what
does this do it just turns I don't know
guys it just looks cool it's like you're
playing a movie the olden time movie
they've actually got really interesting
how do we take with fingers guys look at
that that's kind of gross to be honest
oh my god
like biscuit fingers yeah
I'm not touching that cake guys us boss
oh yeah MV ganas
I got myself some ice cream guys but as
you can see ice cream is not enough for
Alana she's filling up her plate plus
she has ice cream come on man that's
enough enough is enough well that's a
wrap for today's event guys we are now
heading out of the hotel just to show
you one more time guys this is one of
the most beautiful hotels I've ever seen
like it is amazing like look at the size
of this place guys I want to see if this
opens on me oh it does whoa I'm not even
a car okay
goodbye Aventador goodbye all other cars
over here we'll see you soon
all right boy so we're
now with a wrap-up phase look here
before I do you guys I just want to say
thank you to every single one of you I
get emotional sometimes not meet you
guys it's just it's so awesome seeing
guys in real life and just ah what I'm
trying to say is I love you all
don't forget tell your family to
subscribe make sure to subscribe to your
uncle's your wives your kids and yeah
let's go on another journey together
anyways see you guys some more stay
awesome I love you all and Yolo Yolo boy
boom
