yo yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog so I want to start today's
love by teaching you one thing you guys
need to know about cars and the reason
I'm telling you this let me explain so
about a week ago I went in the boot of a
Nissan GTR and I was trying to show you
how a space it has but my mom who is
outside didn't know how to open the boot
so I was literally suffocating in there
but then one of my friends told me yo
you could have opened the boot from the
inside so I want to teach you guys how
to do it ok in case you're ever in a
position where you're stuck in a boot
which I'm sure you probably won't be but
let's get straight into this video so
here goes nothing guys I'm going to
perform a stunt for you guys I'm about
to get in the boot and come out with no
help okay let's do this oh my god I can
barely fit oh my god this boot is not as
big as I thought it is my mom is about
to close this guy's and watch how dark
you get all right just to show you guys
when you're in here and you have no way
of getting out like this place is tight
okay super tight but BAM
it's even glow in the dark guys there
should be a latch over here and all you
do is you pull it okay boom that is how
you get out there you go guys that is
how to survive if you're ever trapped in
a boot it's actually so easy if you
don't pet it one more thing I just so
now look at the spare tire on my car
that looks so bad oh my god that is such
an ugly tire I good thing it's under
here don't forget kids pull this if
you're ever kidnapped pull this okay and
you can come out oh there you go life
lessons with mow whoa okay so you might
have a question why the hell'd you look
like an insane person mole and I'll
answer that in a second guys oh we're
going somewhere very very cool today so
my boy Raschid called me and i'm going
to my first ever football match in dubai
guys so let's go you already know it's
gonna be amazing
I want to see how it
I've never been so let's get ready guys
I've got a very very simple hair routine
guys I just blow dry my hair and wha
that's it we're good to go
hello ginger cat how are you
so right now I'm about to head out with
my mom guys I'm not going to the
football match with her or anything but
we're actually going somewhere else and
I want to keep guys a little bit
informed on what's going on so I'm
always the type of person I always want
to move forward and do different things
so YouTube is amazing I love you all
don't get it twisted I'm not leaving you
behind guys but we're working on
something at the moment and I can't tell
you until it happens because I don't
want to mess up anything but just stay
tuned guys so right now we're heading
over to a little meeting and yeah man
I'm excited man it's always important to
not get happy like where you're just at
like you don't just sit in the same
position forever guys you wanna do new
things test out new things and trust me
guys hopefully this works out okay and
then you'll see why it will be a very
very amazing way to interact with you
guys on another level okay that's all
I'm gonna give away let's go meet my mom
just finished with our meeting guys it
didn't go so well but I'll talk to you
guys about it later we're just here to
have some coffee and look at the view we
have there is nature
check this out there's like a
halloween-themed penguin show going on
down there look at it that is so
adorable like the Penguins are lining up
and everything wow that is awesome
yeah love it oh it makes you happy yeah
I'll choke or Junko
my job cheers to a failed being my
mother is actually heading off home
right now and watch it is coming here
guys so why not just swap them around
let's do this oh whoa check it out guys
good look who just a beard Russian is
here we're gonna go eat and then okay
guys he literally just showed me in his
car he has like 50 tickets to this
football match and not normal tickets
about like 25 VIP 25 vvi do you own the
stadium like god damn anyways I really
go eat and then it's gonna be my first
ever match football stadium his brother
is actually a footballer so I'm guessing
you bit too many right yeah I mean yeah
I have a guy so let's see how it is I'm
excited so we're just waiting for our
boy Fatih to get here as well guys but
in the meantime we got ourselves some
milkshake brushes having these like
bacon fries bro you're eating bacon what
what a dodgy it's fake bacon sorry
already fences fake bacon it's basically
being or chicken or something like that
so you were stressed I saw your face
Thanks check it out we got some videos
good over there what's up what's up look
at their game from up here so we could
see the whole food court
we just finished our food guys as you
can see my boy rinsed his fries bro
that's it it's done it's done
he's just having the cheese now is that
no I want more we're heading out of here
right now let's go to the football match
guys
I'm so excited which team are we support
listen we're support us okay there's
somebody Elvis you know what I told you
Rosh it had a lotta kids I meant it guys
look at that these are a VIP zone XP
don't you want to be alone oh that's
better now let me see shuffle shuffle
the Vig this is crazy guys how many
lights when are you dirty I don't even
know no we literally could take 20
people to every football match or he
could anyways but we want to be our
friends guys just to comment down below
okay so a giveaway she will take you to
the phone brush it has got the aux cable
right the morning we love me he is
diamond friend indeed
hey our boys as you can see my boy Eddie
made it over here y'all fatty over here
as well
you already know look at this VIP lounge
let's go guys let's go okay we are
literally right at the front guys Center
we got we got that view look check this
out boys oh look at that view guys oh
boy we're that VVIP ass not one B SUV to
vvv I was like WIP so we leave it to
Eddie don't even watch soccer don't lie
oh I played soccer back in high school
with the state and everything well get
out of oh okay watch watch watch the
game watch the game bro watch the game
the crowd is going crazy
okay kick-off just alright guys let's go
let's go let's go
our what's over the way the balloons are
up come on come on come on come on
other good shot özgür job thousand
thousand l2 and I like that it's less
than twenty minutes in it's about to be
halftime score is 1:0 so far when you
already know our team's winning manage
any off time we're gonna go have some
snacks guys you're and you know it's so
cool coming down this whole way my boy
fatty has rinsed the food section guys
fat boy problems oh my god he's got food
for the whole match now that's it no
more leaving oh my god my prediction for
this game is going to be 3 1 ok
I think the second off is going to speed
up what why not I think maybe to zero
this is your bull you're lucky we're in
the VVIP cuz I'd be yelling out
there is that was such a go
the other team is leaving they're
leaving watch this
full-time his prediction was right guys
to zero our team won that's it game oh
wow
hey all right we're just leaving the
stadium guys and look at this they got
some horsies over here that concludes
our first ever football match over here
guys good scoreline our team won so yeah
that was pretty cool but now I'm heading
off home to see where the family is at
this match was super busy Lyla
everybody's coming out the stadium right
now but yeah man it was lit anyways
let's go
had a good 2-0 victory over here so I'm
happy about that it's good when your
team wins guys the hype is on your side
so I couldn't stop a petrol station
because my mom and sister are actually
coming right here my sister wants to
wash her car now normally she either
washes it herself or gives it to this
like super fancy place guys but today
she's gonna go for like a basic water I
think this base charge is like nine
dollars so it's super basic guys let's
see how it turns out by the way guys
check this out this is where all the
diesel fuel goes the special fuel and
then the super fuel I imagine under this
or under these caps is like hundreds of
liters of petrol man Wow
look who we have here guys Lana and
mummy mo hey destroyed you are my
favorite I love like the manual washes
they have at the petrol station guys so
let's see this this baby ain't even that
dirty the thing is guys if you look
closely you can see cat paw prints look
at that that is so funny the cat walks
on this car so much so the lamb was
about to get washed guys I'm gonna time
naps it for you because it looks dope
let's do this
is my mind
the car is still getting washed up I
love watching guards that watch guys but
check it out as I mentioned this isn't a
luxury car it's a very normal car or so
these are the only seats we get okay on
the floor this is what happened he spent
$9 yeah I know the floor is quite
comfortable guys and we got a nice view
of the cars getting washed there's a
very cool car but they're also getting
washed uh it's like a Camaro guys once
this baby gets washed up we are out
Lamborghini is done all washed up guys
car is now complete guys it's looking
spotless as you can see check it out oh
not bad not bad
this is now a serious problem guys we're
home and look I can't even move this cat
is like literally absorbing my feet I
Kayla I tried to walk No
what do I do okay I'm trying to give you
a head massage yo he's literally the
most vicious massager ever like he wants
you to massage him 24/7
oh oh don't don't even try this with me
they're gonna try and bite me look at
him look at him just to keep you guys
updated on my room guys no progress has
been made since we put up that lost
shelf honestly I've had no time and
secondly it's a disaster look at this
place okay so I'm gonna get
crack-a-lackin' with this room within
the next week I can't even do it
tomorrow though because tomorrow I've
got a huge event its surprised stay
tuned you're gonna love it okay anyways
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here
because I need to catch some sleep for
that event so see you guys tomorrow I
love you all please tell your friends
tell your family let's get to 2 million
guys out this close and I just am so
thankful guys so honestly I love every
single one of you now catch you guys
tomorrow
Yolo bye buh
