yo what up gang gang game what's good in
the hood guy today we're actually gonna
go pick up my sister's baby if you guys
haven't seen her Lamborghini has been in
the repair shop for like two days
because the window was smashed and it's
finally repaired so we're gonna go pick
it up it's a brand new baby oh my god my
windows broken as well got him
we quit we just don't enjoy away
you call it Stephanie
ichael Anthony hoppin goes whoa you
gonna step in the icon ahead buddy
Oh first things first when I get to the
parking spots guys I always put my money
man okay
Oh somebody left wondering behind I like
that I just made some money guys I have
to be honest guys this is probably one
of the nicest convertible Lamborghinis
I've seen it's like matte black and he
just looks so mean
Oh check this beast out and it's got the
yellow interior oh oh so we just made it
over to the baby it's all finished up oh
she was well taken care off guys she was
well taken care of I love when you get
it like it's got like plastic on it it
feels like a new car we bought a new
Lamborghini guys
I'm excited Tom crow time to roll Lambo
girl is back on the streets guys back on
the street
I sweat that car shoots a gun from its
exhaust like dude it's so funny so we
just made a home guys and look at this
besides for my sister's car our
neighbors have a bunch of decorations up
on their house I think that's pretty
awesome
whoa I thought I'd come out to show you
properly guys this house is like glowing
right now it is so so awesome
very nice decoration neighbors if you're
watching me I like your house now we're
back where this whole incident started
guys and there you go see we got a fresh
new window bubbles is sleeping right now
with his tongue out what the hell is
wrong with this cat guys oh it's still
stuck now that we have my sister's car
back I need to clear up one thing with
you guys that has been blowing up my
comment section it show us the footage
of who broke the window okay I won't be
honest with you guys until now we don't
know how it even happened okay there's
no CCTV footage of anybody like BAM
smashing the window I wish there was I
would have shown you guys it would have
been very entertaining but all I know
it's fixed it went amazing we're all
ready right now guys we're heading out
because this one over here keeps
complaining that I don't buy her any
clothes it's not my duty to buy you
clothes okay but I am going to do it
just because I want to blog something
today so today I'm gonna let her buy
anything she wants how about that just
you have a budget though so calm down
calm down
but apparently car drama is for us like
we were just about to leave and there's
a plastic stuck under my car why is
there plastic in the middle
Wow
you
some people but I don't wanna feeling
you baby if mine yeah you baby
you know what 20 right I was asking mall
do you think my slippers look weird like
I'm wearing these slippers right check
it out what a little like you're asking
me I'm wearing the same one yeah look at
look at them guys
these two of the exact same slippers and
she's wearing my series in order to a
restaurant that sells kabobs guys and my
favorite thing is this
guys vamps like fresh bread in case so
amazing look look how smooth is guys
that ripping paper my sister got a very
unique drink okay look look at this
thing its newest lovin with luck
is it you're that yogurt we don't know
anything so maybe it's a sour dream you
put the cheese on the bread guy and you
start smashing are you kidding me nah
not here is amazing are you guys ready
to see the main reason I came here for
guys I came for the desert and check
in case you guys are wondering what the
hell is this no it just looks like a
bunch of rice or noodles basically it's
just I lemony ice cream this is ice
cream guys so let's go ahead and try it
out it looks so exotic guys but it's not
actually okay here's okay guys I'm gonna
be honest it's not the best I've had
check out this really cool peacock
statue they have in the store buy you
beautiful and there's even a box s so
glamorous Bobby Moe's in there asking
how much is guys so let's see then it
again it probably costs more than my
life honestly it's completed don't play
it certificate today we're finding a
bunch of like weird artistic stuff guys
check this out there's an egg here guys
so you look at this egg you would never
guess what's inside it there's four
forks and knives inside we love it you
can actually do that your dinner table
apartment yes I know we
open the egg for your cutlery you know
what they say like your spoon feather
like a golden spoon this place actually
has golden spoon oh my god damn son I
feel scared touching this please be
careful of my golden spoon let's see how
much the golden spoon is get down below
out first food yeah put it down
yo work it work it manikin turn show me
everything besides from those mannequin
guys check out how they sell their shoes
over here does this look like a minivan
to you Nana Nana this is a shoe store
look damn son
Lana's gonna try on the shirts over here
guys let's see which one looks nice I
just want to say guys this is out in the
open if you can see is not a changing
room what are you doing this is the
public man what the hell oh you killer
killer I now you just look like a
stalker you look like a stalker with
that hat this is number three guys to be
honest it's just getting worse and worse
so while my sister keeps trying on her
shirts guys look what I found
yeah that is the most red shoes ever oh
it looks so colorful so I split up for
my mom and sister guys and I want to
search for some stuff for myself as well
so let's try and go for a mini shopping
screen the thing is I don't know what I
want but I found something really cool
over here which I'm gonna get guys look
at this they have camo socks so I just
tried on these camo pants guys and check
them out I don't know I think yeah I
don't think they suit my leg shape guys
let's just say that no me and my mom
my coffee shop and check out the view
behind me it looks really cool just on
the ceiling you see this literally looks
like a spaceship guys see how high up we
are
but that's pretty awesome I've got two
tops behind me that I'm going to try
quickly so let me just quickly change
and you guys will see the transformation
so I wore the other top I think I like
this one more cuz if it seems nicer
Marimo is also trying out some tops look
at her but yeah I like that that looks
really good Wow okay so you reunited
again guys I bought nothing literally
nothing I wanted nothing they're good at
spending money and I'm not hi guys were
shopping in a cave right now it's so
dark in here
oh my god yeah I never I never
understand why they put darker shops you
know I think it is guys so you don't see
the price tag it's like oh the thing
looks nice but I just can't see it and
yeah look at this we're literally
leaving the mall right now and this is
probably the longest line of taxis I've
ever seen what it's still going this is
on another level guys Wow I think we hit
the taxi spot right yes but it will be
up oh my god
I'm still not done we're still not done
I can't fall sorry mr. Skell no bum bum
bum bum buh buh buh buh go yeah welcome
to the security guard hey buddy
he's literally sitting there to get a
massage what this cat literally meows
his head off for a massage and now you
stopped hey no you watch me he wants me
guys what is he doing leave me alone
I'll never love you
okay when you guys are all having a
picnic right now as you can sleep like a
lion yeah oh yeah touch your head no no
no you don't have to fight me guys when
cats go in this position they want to
like scratch you up yeah yeah so this
guy is a big cat I don't want to fight
with him because you'll mess me up I
promised you once I go home I show you a
very cool toy that we bought BAM
this is a remote-control rat guys scary
this scary is headline oh we got the rat
over here I got check out how freaky
this is guys look at the eyes boom oh my
goodness what is that are you serious
onyx I was thinking that cats would
chase a mouse or a rat like they're not
you interesting aren't you scared of it
anyways guys that is the new toy I have
to show you let me know what you guys
think about it
I'll definitely run if I saw that on the
street there's no way you're catching me
next to this we are literally this close
to two million subscribers right now
guys number one I owe you guys a huge
thank you thank you so much I love you
all thanks you stay with me on this
journey and if you haven't already
subscribed please subscribe
let's hit it let's hit it the other day
some of you guys gave me this in the
more they bought me a hat which is
really sweet of themselves this is the
Hat by the way kind of looks funny on my
head but shout out to them for getting
me a lift
guys hats make me look so weird I don't
know why Yanks the bow in the building
as always you guys on a raft today's
look here let's get it guys who knows
tomorrow we might wake up to two million
subscribers so tell your friends tell
your husband's your wives your brother's
your sisters let's get it all subscribe
that go let's do it yes I love you
don't forget galeano bye don't
