I'm on a new level love you hi guys
welcome to
Oh No I'm so scared it says fragile I'm
so sorry oh yeah it did not any breaking
I I hurt I are breaking my heart
breaking yeah everyone what is that
welcome to another vlog so today we're
gonna start off by opening some packages
you guys sent in honestly I want to
start with this because it says fragile
on it and so does that well we kind of
just dropped it so I hope it didn't
break any razor right now we're going to
get into opening it
I'm sorry guys we're not the smartest
people but let's open your packages
y'all so here goes nothing guys this is
the frame apparently let's see what it
is three two one whoa oh no way wow that
is absolutely crazy no I got the decide
not play button thing right that is
honestly really really nice oh wow I got
12 Indian coins as well guys that is
dope this frame is an LED frame I don't
know how it's going to light up but
there's some sort of charger here so
let's see what it's made about you think
this is where the LED lights are so
let's go ahead put this in the plug and
needs an adapter so woah alright
honestly I don't even know how it's
gonna turn out it doesn't work
whoa I thought I had lights on the side
that is awesome wow we have our own mold
blogs billboard now what much looked
about these sing cuz that's what his
name is guys he's even gonna in the
corner here so thank you so so much for
the frame man that is awesome now I've
got like my own little walk
around move large billboard yep
subscribe to me guys subscribe to mo
logs we are here we are here
that's a mold looks creepy anyways let's
umph like this oh oh look at it guys
look at the difference on oh oh oh thank
you so much to bow them from India
presenting that in that is honestly one
of the best gifts I've ever I don't know
how to react to it it's just so cool
let's get on to packet number two the
big boys this was delivered to my door
you guys on a workout routine you don't
need to go to the gym you just need to
all the boxes for anything there we go
you bought something the other day and
the black is on the conceit don't tell
me that's the same thing you bought it
is is the same thing you I just got
another segue car yes it is oh my god we
can do a save my course the race is on
this one is like luxury guys though the
one I bought was a cheap one thank you
I'm gonna go ahead and build this onto
the straight way guys
and I'll catch you guys once it's done
alright peace out both a book afflict
another Sam intimacy
I can't decide if I was dreamin early
something sicker than the water where
I'm swimming
smoke a weed instead of me the demon
isn't winning but now I think I know who
this is from guys thank you to Kui Kui
Kui who wield for sending this in to me
so I appreciate it I remember they
emailed me that they're gonna send me
this so thank you came a little bit late
though so yeah okay it came very lega I
got this email two months ago by I still
remember it I still remember it this is
got some sort of resistance on there yo
yo here we go six and a half hours later
okay so it took literally about an hour
and a half for me to figure out how to
put this together but check it out this
is the new C and that is the old C over
there so we have two sweg ways
what guys did you see that yes what the
absolute hell did happen I don't even
want to try this anymore for now I quit
you want to go to the shops and grab
something with my mom and I thought why
not take one of these out so I'm gonna
take the old one the new one is like
really dodgy like it almost killed me
right there so I'm gonna take them let's
see how easy and convenient it is to go
shopping with one of those I think it
should be pretty fun guys by the way
look how tight my pants are you can see
half my leg no this is some bad
here goes nothing guys let's do this
this is so cool guys yeah my god come
this is crazy fast
I honestly felt so bad on the side of my
thing I'm not sure how well you guys saw
that but I was so embarrassed like it
made such a loud noise
anyways that teaches me one thing don't
vlog and ride that I I lost control
because I was vlogging and I could only
pull one hand when I flipped myself over
so that was awful anyways I'm gonna go
vlogging with two hat I mean vlogging
with no hands and yeah mommy Mo's gonna
vlog me that that was a bad decision
guys
so I've been having so much fun with
this thing guys and I thought why not
teach mommy motor using no no no no your
feet you're doing a wheelie yeah buddy
look at that look guys that is the
easiest way of traveling I've ever seen
all right so we just made it over to the
supermarket guys it's super late get it
super market super late the worst joke
ever
but okay
we're just gonna grab a couple of things
and go home I've got my Segway car
outside hopefully no one takes that I
think they will but honestly something I
really need to buy it's deodorant cuz
recently up it's weighing a lot like a
lot and I stink I need a couple of them
guys yeah I got some geo Dramani I got
some deodorant okay anyways I'm gonna
grab these two I go home I think we're
good for today
so we were gonna test out these what do
you call them I just made it home I
think I could Swank wait carts sway car
I don't know no come on like I got you
dresser filthy check we're filming right
now please help me hello but
unfortunately I have to quickly go get
the car washed cuz tomorrow there's
gonna be a big car event happening and
this car needs to be squeaky clean
you know them car mats you guys love in
the comments yeah what are we looking at
if you're looking at like the Flies I'm
gonna go put this back inside and this
okay look today's vlog is gonna be a two
day vlog I'm heading out three a.m. in
this morning to go on like a balloon
ride a hot-air balloon ride so yeah so
I'll catch you guys in a couple hours
I'm going with my boys it's gonna be
crazy God okay and he retreats out go
wash your car and we'll see you later
peace I don't know yeah that's your jewy
mommy took her car keys inside six and a
half hours later so I'm not sure if you
could tell I'm super super tired right
now it's currently 3 a.m. in the morning
I just woke up from like a half an hour
nap that's all the sleep I've had I'm
heading out to my boy Mo's house let's
go and do some what what you go this
thing I forgot I can I'm Way too tired I
can't even think right now
parachuting ballooning and fire
something okay we're going let's see
that's how you know I'm tired guys I
can't even remember the name it's you
know that big brown thing in the fire
makes me go up let's go have some fun -
let's do this bull you know how you know
it's really late
there's nobody on the roads right now
guys I the roads are to myself 3 a.m. in
the morning there's nobody else so check
this out guys my boy mo wakes me up and
he's still not even at his house wait
who's this who's this
who is this good morning
this is 3m in the morning guys Moe just
made it back home in the road upholding
you know how I do the road I like I call
the roly poly roly poly right now we're
heading to do that fire balloon stuff -
I don't know I hot air balloon Larry
you're a hot air balloon
yeah ok this door this door is not good
with Moe now guys stop we gotta go man
brushes I why did I cover say like icon
design yeah ok yeah you just spilled
some bonito sir right now we're in the
bus guide and have none they've got lash
like a banana hose head it's crazy
snapchat looks like an emoji no here we
go he's still sleeping
I'm filter on snapchat pack I go go show
them what it looks like let's do this
here you go show the laughing ok only
got two hands but I will do this best as
I can look at these guys dirty still
only
you got dirty banana I feel so bad for
Mo Money here in the back
today Mew ready I'm so ready look at the
money blogging I'm going down road don't
look scared
I'm just not gonna know if anybody's
still passed out guys off to the bonanno
this guy didn't know we just made it
over here to the balloons if you can see
that that thing which is flat on the
floor is gonna be flying us in there so
we're just getting prepared now and
we're gonna be going out soon keep
leaning back like the song lean back
yeah boy there we go you need to stay
inside the basket until I tell you to
climb out River where we land hey nigga
when we land
please take inside the basket how many
years you've been doing this you gotta
ask questions to me you know we got mo
vlogs and rocket-like we need to know
how I think I did it more than you
thought might take over this our captain
for today there's a beautiful day hot
air balloon BB look it in Manatee nose
in the desert yeah they're digging into
the sand yeah so if you guys think about
this this balloon is what is gonna be
taking us up so if anything happens this
I even like a little slice in there
we're doing imagine is taking mine to
that balloon is like raw we're in there
for me a slideshow by her own and I'll
kill everyone in this even me homes okay
look at the balloon it looks like so
badass like look at this thing it's got
like four little turbine things with
fire it's crazy I don't know let's go
honestly I don't normally wake up at
this time guys but I appreciate it so
much the weather is perfect everything
is nice what do you think patty oh my
gosh we can't ask for a better morning
I'm the love you can just see like nice
sad for kilometres and kilometres guys
Eddie are you all right you and none
what is this yoga pool this is just
weird now get up let's go let's go we
have to go
Mitel I'm on a new
I'm on a new level
Misha was Nixon hydrogen cuz I I'm not
taking these guys Rock
Rocky Balboa legend says I'm not taking
them anymore that's it we will have to
cancel the flights
unfortunately so sorry about that we're
very strict limits of all know one when
they were allowed to take off in oh yes
why did you bring us all together
because we don't like the UAE's can I
can i this is a prank right you're
joking her head I thought it was a joke
that's why I never said anything it's
actually very risky ah ha ha ha yeah
jump far no we do baby wake up at 3
o'clock
I got banana oh my back 3 M and he go
cancel Oh cause of this guy if we're not
we can't go on the balloon we're running
to the hills hi let's go that's yeah I
thought they were joking when he said I
was like really they're joking they're
not no they're packing you up I don't we
don't need them let's get our own
balloon let's go that's fine Don let's
go find a magician we should just hijack
that one later
yeah I think happened for me see this is
what happened did you find your war
though did I found my wife she wanted
war the whole trip guys one in a loader
water there's a random guy just walking
over the hill I wonder who he is I don't
know just lets get away he seems
dangerous I think he knows more vlogs I
think he's coming he's a fan he's a fan
Oh run run well since we didn't get to
go up in this thing guys I thought least
we could like experience with off we can
lie down in the basket just a few
holidays
thought it would be a rickety little
fruit basket it's not it's not it's a
big fruit man it's a big fruit basket
padded like imagine we're in the air
right now guys listen right we're in the
air right now guys look at the view of
the by right now
I can see the pop for me they do say in
a bad situation make the most of it this
is the same thing I think the most of
the bad we can throw shop this without
danger then don't have no effect on us
if only we had agreed we have a wild
species over here what you call this hey
what's going on so happens and you wake
somebody up and don't let them go we
draw so far together and rallied us up
they made us because we wanted to save
the instructor tomatoes there's Google
Maps
my passport so we just made it back home
we're all tired so I'm gonna head out
for now P SOT Scott maybe next time we
can go for now we out deuces
hi good night I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog right here in the elevator guys so
catch you guys tomorrow I'm gonna go
catch a couple hours of sleep and we're
going to a crazy Lambo man so see you
guys in tomorrow's book stay Olsen I
love you all yellow yellow this is a
little bit of vlog extras this is why
you don't take your brand-new shoes to
the desert because inside them there is
a bunch of sand look at this yeah that
was a bad idea guys
