yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to a new vlog so today is my mum and
sisters birthday which I'm sure all of
you know and it's gonna be a crazy crazy
day so I'm actually gonna surprise my
sister my mom knows what's going on my
sister always loves being super fancy
and over-the-top but what she doesn't
know is your boy mo went and made it
extra fancy for her today she's gonna
come out to a little surprise why not
organized you know rows for each race
that's on four favourite cars to come
and take her over to the yacht so once
she gets out this is what she's gonna
see you guys so hopefully she likes it
and then we're gonna have an amazing
little time with some friends so oh oh
the the boats coming off gasps the boss
is coming over I don't know why I did
the bow I thought it looked really cool
ba guys let's do this so check it out
after two hours my mama sister already
birthday girls in action whoa
and we're about to go but before we go
we've got a surprise for Lana your mummy
mo set this up so you ready okay I want
you to close your eyes okay cover your
eyes I want hands over your eyes and
come all right I don't want you to peek
I'm not annoying no lions and tigers all
right keep coming guys check it out
check it out couple more steps couple
more steps three two one you like it
there is your rolls-royce for the day
gorgeous thank you so much
hey guys as you can see we got the
Wraiths for her birthday we got a little
ribbon on it there you go hopefully you
enjoy a little fancy day dad that's a
nice picture right there I'd literally
just put this year for you you can hold
it you can hold it throughout the
birthday this is your dream birthday
party you don't even realize how nice
that looks all right I want to hop in
the passenger seat let's go guys my man
let's do this it's gonna be a good day
everybody ready for their birthday it's
my birthday today
but if you don't realize how excited our
father√≠s race oh my gosh oh my guys
look at this guys check this out oh this
car is so classy you guys do a luxurious
and I'm not right check these red
dresses the red dresses really go well
with the cream interiors anyways today's
gonna be great see you guys on the later
and yeah I hope you enjoy let's go
nothing could stop me I'm all the way
Hey the classic songs guys hey hey hey
hey hey I can't decide if I was dreaming
too early something sicker than the
water works for me smoke a weirdest
enemy the demonism window so if you guys
don't already know my sister is turning
27 a mummy bo is turning you guys don't
get to know 2525 so check it out guys we
just made it over here we're going to
get out and go over to the yacht let's
get my let's help my sister out because
they're wearing dresses and it's hard to
get out with dresses Kolbert a girl you
got this you got this
whoo there she is guys there she is
Swedish Rayder over here to the yacht
Bay and Dan
this place looks gorgeous so our ones
right at the end let's go see what's up
this is cool right i'ma tell you what's
next
later Oh filler if you really wanna
check it out we got the boys over here
what's up what's up I've known birthday
boy mustard days with robusta bathroom
real quick
birthday by the way it's not only it's a
triple whammy today a triple triple
whammy got shot you know what this game
is for miss miss dance move - okay so
I'm gonna go upstairs on the yacht right
now guys this thing is massive and check
it out how'd you like you thank you guys
check out this view today
guys look who's down there
look who's down there Shaunie Shaun and
where you at bro how bad are you sweaty
how we left we'll be back I've been
watching
I don't fall in the war he was backing
up into that it's not a good sight to
see okay guys check out the views around
here we're waiting for the guests to
arrive and hopefully we can get this
party started
look at the view guys amazing I'm just
sitting on the edge over here at lenses
everyone gets here gonna turn up
gonna be awesome so the Sun has gone
down a little bit guys it's got a little
bit darker but honestly the weather is
perfect today as you can see we're all
just chillin at a top Sean what happened
to your phone
guys he's lost his phone basically they
were in a uber ride and they think maybe
cuz now the phone is switched off so
with more boiling with his phones are
off both of his phones that Loomer went
to his house and got his other phones
too I will give you a hundred million
dollars I wanted to see your body well
MIT my phone so we're just about to
leave now finally everybody go here guys
what's up Charlotte oh now I see alright
guys so check it out the boat is finally
moving and we're gonna go somewhere into
the water down we're actually gonna go
under that bridge which is pretty cool
so yeah it's like a beta here to you
guys check it out we out here we're
going to show you as much as we can
today on the war
Shawn what's up over copper under a
bridge right now sir
you already know itself we can basically
touching guys dad who is visible now
there's light
yeah chosen patties he's a racist guys
he's a racist he's brought in another
broad to the run super fun the places
were going by right now actually so so
blimey you are passing these bridges and
they just look really awesome guys so
I'm just enjoying the ride
check it out that's another you're over
there so I wanted to show you guys the
food we actually over ordered everybody
just a Bella
we got chicken over here we got the
kebabs over here and here is the rice
this is good food but I just know that
I'm sorry to die on the day that you
Skyy wrong day I know Leigh so I like it
either this it we have a lot of salad
done so that's a good thing
Lana's going to go into the swimming
pool guys they haven't filled it up so
let's see how deep it is yo don't get
your dress wet that's all I'm saying
she's going in there come on
and that's a simple it works it works it
is yeah we read for you something now I
thought that food was a lot guys I just
can't open these boxes all of it is just
a load of food yeah who ordered all of
it yeah I was actually expecting nine
more beautiful guys but you know they
lost bin and they couldn't conquer that
stuff to do but yeah I think we're doing
a lot of takeaways today so let's go
ahead and close all of this let me go
show you inside the boat guys so welcome
to the crib Wow you don't even realize
how nice it is in here HC it is hot
outside and it's so nice when I saw this
I was like wow there's no cheese sitting
area here yo I'm in my yacht now I'm in
my god now you see that door door the
door just closed it has a toilet in here
down I assure you they got a shower in
the yacht - Wow okay
whoa it's actually an ignited hog so I
think we need to do the cake soon so by
the way it's at nons birthday - so
surprised so it's time for the cake
we're getting your ready out here that's
excited this is mummy and Lana's cake
guy so you need to put the candles in
here rental red on red on red on red on
red that's what's up and then that's I
haven't seen this one yet Buster down
yeah that's a doesn't do it
make a wish that's not how does it feel
turning 44 hey great don't I look great
for a 44 year old a slave all day to
look this good man so what Mexican do
keep the racist of it racist
no look at this we have a bull right
next to us racing us right now
that's a boss bone so check it out guys
we're making it back to shore just in
case you guys don't know this is Moe and
Adnan spilling this one right here the
twisty ones so you could be up there
looking down on us right now oh that's
it we go we got it that's that's where
he lives guys right in the middle
now we are heading out the little
birthday thing finish what's up what's
up yes guys let's go we got the man Sean
okay Sean it's at night in your ring
sunglasses slag that's what's up so
races he's got a black guy by the way
guys you know what's crazy okay so
people in September are virgos right and
the name of our boat literally is good
Virgo if you see that which is crazy so
huge shout out to that man I'll leave
the Virgo bow in the description because
that is something that is very close it
it's a sign it's a sign guys get it's a
sign so yeah that was crazy no he's guys
peace out good night holla
I see you next time no I just found out
what these are for so basically what
this does is you see the lights are on
now and the ACS on while it's parked
here the bow is actually not on so all
this does is power it without actually
being on and using up the battery so
that's pretty cool that's pretty cool
anyways I need to go back inside and
help my mom sister out we had so much
food remaining I don't want to waste it
so we're gonna like do like a mega take
away like check this out guys Wow see
you next time again a visa hello look at
how much they demolish the cake guys
like this this ain't even a cake anymore
this is just aa also guys huge shout out
to Babu he was the captain of the ship
so thank you for taking us around
everywhere I appreciate it I can see you
next time man oh hi P shout more blogs
out until next time guys until next time
the battle take away we did we actually
had to have a trollish so that is all
the food in there but look at these
yachts as well guys they don't really
nice as well so in the morning we have
the Rolls Royce guys but now check it
out you guys should know the car
we got the Range Rover SVR that's what's
up boom you know in the morning we
wanted to be like fancy and stuff but
now it's just relaxation time off after
party after party
hey guys okay I know you guys like that
wasn't a party today we we keep it calm
it was like more for dinner was it hard
we're trying to do watch me watch me
where we you know I just realized your
hair matches the seats right all right
already
alright so another Oh check it out guys
my mum and sister got so many flowers
today by the way okay I thought now that
we're home it's time to open the gifts
okay and secondly let's open the fan
mail one of them says happy birthday on
it so let's go ahead and open it let's
do this guy's
alright guys so I just want to show you
some of the gifts that we've got there's
actually more but we're not going to
show it today cuz my brother wants to
put them in a separate vlog for you guys
yeah guys some of the gifts she got I
actually want to make like a whole video
about and you know why when I show you
but for now I'm gonna let her open this
one because it's actually really cool
for girls okay so what is it this is
actually Christian Louboutin and I guess
all you must know this okay let me let
me explain it to them guys so if you're
a girl you notice because girls go crazy
over Christian Louboutins basically for
all the guys you know those expensive
stuff that your girlfriend's want that
is what guy is okay that that's what
that is okay like those expensive shoes
and bags but yet anyway she's going to
open it up yeah I haven't seen it duh it
looks like a box for Easy's like this is
equivalent for female Yeezys right here
so
this is my favorite part with Louboutins
they're very well known for like the red
bikes and red like these are made to
knock people out guys I look at it
imagine you just swing your bag at
somebody's face you can wear it every
day now let's get to number two
mommy bo what did you get bling bling
bling she got the diamonds guys whoa so
let's get into the stand up guys oh my
god it is like this is one of those
messy packages okay this is so messy
guys oh my god what is that aah oh my
gosh
Oh Prada are you kidding me ah oh my
gosh whoa set this all right horse we
have like Versace found man now we got
product that's crazy
I know open open your bogus yes three
two one
hey wait what I'm styling this could be
a scarf or dressy open it open it oh all
right
wow I never knew that they do that and I
think this is a skirt I'm guessing oh so
what does your birthday letter say guess
what
who is it from UK fans yes no no the
person who said this this is their
fourth time sending something real like
policy how many times I've seen you guys
send something to us yours and II love
goes out to UK fans much love oh yeah
you don't have to do this like I kind of
feel bad like every time I see it like
you guys I feel so embarrassing you
don't have to go through this oh wow
anyways guys that has been the fan mail
and the gifts much love to all of our
friends who came today to the party and
all the few I hope you enjoyed the
birthday party but now we're gonna go
change up guys into normal clothes that
was the little birthday party hopefully
you guys enjoyed the adventure and yeah
let's get out of this I'm really hot
sweating the whole day so let's go oh
that was actually pretty cool I love
that noise it makes guys that that is
dull as always you guys I'm gonna wrap
up today's lucky are this year my
emotions so poor tired after a birthday
party she's like I'm out I'm going to
bed but yeah guys if you enjoyed today's
book let's try it
33,000 likes from unrolled on night
that's a crazy number but you guys could
do it so I'll catch you guys tomorrow
stay awesome mom a Japanese thing to say
good night everybody
yeah oh no boy
boom
