yo yo everyone good morning what's up
everyone how you are doing so today is
gonna be a crazy crazy day but a lot of
things to do tomorrow's my mom and
sisters birthday but first things first
I'm gonna go drop off this Ferrari our
friend's place then I'm heading over to
my boy rockets farm because Adam and his
group are going over there so we might
actually be pulling off a little prank
involving some animals you know there's
Tigers there and there's some animals
you guys don't even know but I'm not
sure if it's going to happen okay we'll
see let's see how it goes guys today's
gonna be a crazy day let's do this so I
just made it over to our friends place
guys the floors are really squeaky over
here I'm gonna quickly go drop the car
off and get my car this car man this car
race if you'll get about myself
all right boys for now we're gonna say
goodbye to the Ferrari I'm gonna go
ahead in my car so let's go hey check it
out there's my baby Mustang guys okay
one more thing before I head out of you
I never saw this view because it's on
the other side of the building look at
this guy's
damn can you age let's go let's go see
what the Tigers are up to
yo yo yo so check it out I just made it
over here to my boy Russians crib it's
been a long time since I've been here
guys a long long time Oh check it out
this entrance though this entrance
though guys let's go inside and see
what's up
alright alright alright I just got out
the car and liquor where we are guys
back at the main entrance damn alright
I'm pretty sure this side opens it has
been a long time since I've been here
whoa why does it have to be like Sookie
every time I come to your by the way I'm
literally checking for auction because
you normally tries to prank me but no
we're good we're good we're good let's
go see what Washington is don't hex it
even I get freaked out the villagers on
the eggs every check is that Danny
alright guys so check it out I just made
it over to your boy washing money cakes
and today we're doing something cruel
guys this is gonna be the worst thing
ever I didn't cry and die Adam Sala
I'm sorry we're doing this to you but
he's gonna cry so if you guys can't tell
already raw shit has a bunch of shoes
over here and today we're gonna do a
challenge video with Adam it's a
challenge guys so check ok before we get
into what we didn't do guys check it out
my boy bought Yeezys I these are the old
Yeezys these are like super expensive
but so I'm gonna touch sneakers but Adam
is gonna touch a snake in a mess I feel
I'm sorry Adam I was not involved on
this prank this was purely set up by
rock shirt and mole yeah maybe maybe
it's okay anyways we're gonna weigh on
today guess you should be here two
minutes guys and let's see how this goes
down one more thing guys the easy that
we just showed you they are
glow-in-the-dark and I've never seen
shoes glow this much so you you kind of
charge it up with lights so that's what
we're doing with a flashlight right now
you can kind of see look at that it
looks so crazy like everywhere he does
it kind of glows up so let's go
downstairs and see how bright is check
it out
look at how much these glow-in-the-dark
damn
guys look how glow-in-the-dark they are
Wow would it mean in charges yeah it
charges with light so you see everywhere
he swipes with the flashlight it goes
like blows more trip yo that's crazy man
that's crazy
oh yes no see this again oh yeah look
he's gonna make that part glow a lot
like a solar panel matrix up in here I
like that I like that anyways there you
go guys those are the Yeezys the thing
is these ye she's if you were someone
who bought them originally right when
they came out there around three hundred
dollars now do 3,500 guys imagine the
investment on those if you're something
to buy them first and he's also got the
red Gigi's which are five thousand
dollars guys should we show them guys
like honestly those two shoes are eight
and a half thousand dollars down the
five the five thousand dollar uses can I
just touch it just just one know that
that's it that's it that's it that's it
whoa I actually really love these these
are one of my favorite Easy's guys
they're amazing anyway just put them
away
let's go see where Adam is and let's
make him have a heart attack check it
out look who made it guys
what's up what's up all right we got nas
in the building
he's got them Jays on yeah boy we're
going to show you some nice shoes there
today if you like shoes yeah so Adam is
refusing to feed this guy it's just you
know it's like you have a Kinect I
rather talk to him I don't look like you
bro oh just under my god Adams trying to
make the liger jump for him so let's see
if this works going right down nice and
down he's focused me down down down
okay you got a connection with you
person maybe they want Santa's on blogs
oh yeah they must watch your blog yeah
later their friends right there
all right we're going to the drops now
guys this is the comment section I can't
my phone that you just have the giraffes
and you're gonna feed them now Slim's
and his natural habitat right now
he Slim's a cool man is enough that's it
this is sick nosy you go figure
I mean I got shot man a hugger love my
brothers yeah God shall add a little B
as long as Oh behind me reunion there
you go there you go he's coming
Lexie's ha ha there's like a tiger
looking B in taiga didn't you he likes
you he loves me you don't see this is
connection ok so those were the Tigers
guy is easy because she wasn't that bad
now about they're really cute you
conquered your fear of Tigers you will
say not so much you guys ready I think
you're gonna like this the Lions coming
out guys it's a baby
that's um the same Tomas we go oh my god
the Oh shields videos on like the intent
whether like Tiger chase people is that
is it this place enough
Oh massage you know he won't bite ya I
don't beside you beside you massaging
always if you like run around with him
he plays you leave so I'm not sure if
you guys remember Versace from the lost
blogs guys but he's grown since then and
now he's like a teenager his last time
we were here I'm gonna I'm gonna put a
video up of last time right oh my god
guys Versace Versace Armani moment he's
around 90 rooms
oh wow look at that give him a gentle
back ah look at your face boy and if you
can see that he was tiny like we could
hold him in our hands and now in two
months he's grown so much
hey buddy oh you know some nice eyes
here Dan huh he's good as eyes on you
all right for now we're gonna say
goodbye to Versace right now for walking
if you run maybe they're beautiful I
dare Slim's they've just run across the
thing you wanted given your core robbed
you for this literally like they pull
out guns on people feeding exercise this
one this is thank fine
awesome soon as he's awesome do you ever
wear them I just click Wow
I'll wear the for you hell yeah I got
you this is that good good for you
Jordans yeah they're nice wearing
Jordans so you know whatever is their
senior like that no way
Oh sneaking them oh oh oh thank you
that's what you wanted my camera my boy
was like a jewel that's a beer mashallah
Steve oh my god limited-edition
wonderful imitation Jordan his layer
asleep comes out carrier huh dad what
was amazing I loved your other the job
or this game
do you see that yeah so we've already
sleepy paddle snake oh man oh wait let
me let me check everything I need these
in order I'm short Sonya we get Tallaght
witches Hollow this is like good he's
going to gain water skis he's out
running yeah what Papa is the most
expensive circuit here it's only sports
in the world
Game one with me Wow no food someone
openly tanky it smells good smells good
I was like oh my son come on Jax
who'sa he knows that he goes all right
here at you yeah he pushed me Gary -
yeah he's our friend he very much that
before - this know before he loves you
looks like and Susanna you know if
anyone in New York ask you what's your
size you cannot latts razzi besides you
got to see your sign that's how you guys
see or else your punk
at least not as huge when that's my shoe
told you don't be scared swimming robot
so the hook at this moment I know if
it's rabbits he's not getting close to
me who you know that feels so weird okay
yeah
so he finished with all the jokes and
everything guys now it's time to eat so
check it out we got the buffet ready
that's what's up
I don't worry no snakes popping out now
you're like looking in the food life so
right now it's right before Adam in the
car gonna leave so Russia challenge
nasty game of FIFA nobody thinks he's
gonna win but he has like this
confidence in himself he talks a lot
doesn't he let's see you guys today's
gonna be the day where Nash gets being
my 14 year old sup all right as you lose
I swear I'm giving you salad sugar for
two days nah either here chillin out
here more blogs and money kicks okay
this could be a goal right now guys the
Russians got the free kick can you do
this
I took I feel bad for vlogging this
nerds a guy second free-kick don't tell
me this not another one not another one
so that's it that's it outside uh I
gotta it's for that how was that 5-1
victory
easy easy easy guys they got the Rory
out look at that they're heading out
awesome awesome day Russian guys we were
gonna do the prank where we blindfolded
him but the reason we didn't is Nick
went out of the box the snake literally
before he did it came out the box right
oh no we can't do it
and we were scared to bite him because
he was like scared of like little Tigers
like baby tigers so if he freaked out
that much in front of snake I'm pretty
sure you would have got bits over okay
let's just keep it calm and simple but
we got you don't play yourself next time
we get another one another one another
anyways boys but now peace out Russia
hey next time guys look at these doors
oh they look nice these doors look nice
anyways let's go awesome day man Oh
someday somebody opened the door man
somebody opened the toe what uh so I
just came upstairs guys and this is the
first time I'm actually seeing my
sister's hair change shit it
red hair wow I guess we've never had
bread in the blog damn sauce the guys
check out my sister's birthday song so
right now I'm actually heading out to me
of my boy wash it again and a special
guest so if you guys know the song now
watch me nae now watch me live we're
actually meeting up with silentó that
the singer of the song so should be
pretty dope let's go see what's up
I heard he's a very cool dude so you
know we're gonna be chillin okay wait I
just realize my buds are open my buds
are open for ya I'm gonna head over to
the mall right now let's just chillax so
check it out guys
let it out myself boy Sam Alito at the
real solid shop all social medias
actually follow me baby I got two phones
iPhone 6 and I've also oh I want that so
bad I want that so bad
anyways he actually just started
vlogging right yeah just aced the snow
she go to my chair my toe TV
I got some new stuff coming oh that's
dope these are my first fucking show
anyway guys watch me with the boys
thank God you other movie guys anyways
right now are actually entering for the
easy competition we just moved by and I
saw there doing the raffles for it so
we're gonna enter let's do this
come on Russia this is the lucky ticket
you ready for this you ain't even ready
you ain't ready for this if we win now
guys this is probably the most lucky day
ever so here is guys this is the easy
raffle ticket I'm gonna put it in now
and wish me luck wish me luck
here goes nothing guys check it out
they've got like these crazy shoes over
here it looks nice my shoes come up you
don't have everything right sounds good
anyways guys for now we're heading out
peace out silence octa tomorrow tomorrow
is going to be late guys
but this great
he's a classy bitch as always you guys
on the wrap up today's dokie I hope you
have enjoyed today was a crazy crazy day
and morons probably gonna turn out
crazier so I'm gonna go to bed right now
I literally have no time so catchy eyes
then smash the like button and yeah I
want you guys to call it now below happy
birthday Lana's mom emo so I can make
them read all the messages but yet they
awesome lots of surprises coming
tomorrow so I'll catch you then y'all
Yolo good bye
Oh
