yo guys what is up so before I get into
today's vlog I just want to say two
things right now when you're watching
this there's also a clown prank video I
pranks all my fans that came to my door
by scaring them it was really cruel but
turned out funny so link to that is in
the description and secondly make sure
to subscribe because who knows the clown
might come and get you if you don't
anyways enjoy the vlog guys y'all Yolo
boom hey yo what is that welcome to
another vlog so today's low is gonna be
so special guys I I can't thank you guys
enough but Google has finally sent me my
gift that I've been waiting for the
thing is it's a little bit more than I
expected so I don't know this is opening
guys and see what's up open it open it
oh my god
look at that guys you to issue that is
so awesome
look at that are you ready to see what
it is three two one
back oh my god wait wait wait thank you
guys I'll say thank you to the yo squad
and all the supporters out there for
sending me this you guys are the best
like weird was it for a hundred thousand
thank you so much I'm so sorry for you
you
present um not my hands or more can get
his foreskin thingy here with this guy
that's it I've got my loft troll me but
cuter okay me word to you I'm done
playing games
you know guys that's it I'm the nice are
we in one month my goal a vine and
that's it you're playing with me now you
know what guys I want all of you let's
try and hit two million by the end of
this month
and I promise you guys if they don't
send it and then and then lag now that
suggests get out my way if we hit two
million before I get my 1 million play
button YouTube is dead dead give me give
me the play-by-play but a garrote fresh
guys you you know what to do
Oh jokes aside there you go that is
laughter's play bud I don't know how she
got it before me dancer but now we have
to in the fans come on thank you thank
you thank you you are the squad leader
your squad she has her own low low score
guys before we confirm this officially I
need to make sure you guys are happy
with apparently low low means either
grandfather or grandmother or a swear
word let us know is lolo a good name for
her squad guys or if there's any weird
meanings also comment them because if it
is that's out we're not we're not made
to do some weird name or anything now
they're inside let me show you guys both
our play buttons because I just realized
they've actually changed the play button
guys this is my sister's as you can see
guys open it up show them and this is
mine guys look look at this what the
hell
YouTube has set my sister a bigger
silver play button to me what this is
racism not this is supposed to be the
same thing Lana's paper my play button
what
is going on hers is like double the size
of mine is that like a deluxe version I
didn't know about that no look at mine
liquor hers hers is velvet mine is
wouldn√≠t mommy Moe's channel is not in
the description that shine get 100k on
that okay so we were just here on
snapchat guys and there's a bunch of new
filters yo what's up oh my god scary
guys it's not open all night what guys
look at it are you kidding
Oh oh my god it makes you sound like you
actual go right now we're heading out
guys I actually want to go get my hair
cut because it's starting to get scruffy
again look where my hair hits my
eyebrows you know something's wrong
I barely drive this car guys and look at
this thanks by the way don't worry guys
this gloss is gonna get fixed soon until
then we can't even drive the car guys we
can but I just don't we can but we just
might break the rest of it off and
here's one more thing guys I love this
about my car
look at this I still think the horse is
awesome
what did you say Lana said something
guys what did you cool my horsey dumb
are you saying that is a donkey
guys imagine doing like the dance moves
we have now on older days off so imagine
damage like that's one song that you
always this - until one person comes
along and trying ruining it for you
alright so when you say it over to the
wool guys I'm gonna go have my hair cut
they're gonna go I did not do something
guys section we emptied the mall today
we came to the bomb for is normally
nobody here anyways so we're just having
some hot chocolate
Hey look who's here damn so your boy
looking fresh guys just had my hair cut
you already know what it is what are you
doing
oh my sneak peak sneak peak you don't
take that I think first thing you see
guys is her face and distress you're
actually heading out right now we're
gonna go have some dinner with our
friends right now but they go a couple
of new cars which I want to show you
okay let me know what you think about
your boys haircut
does it look fresh to you I think you
looks fresh I'm gonna kill you guys my
good looks
hey hey I already know maybe not look at
this
oh my god
we just made it over to our friends
place and look what they have over here
we got it right you guys oh my god the
GTRs back let's go let's go let's go
unlock the car
oh look at that oh my god we're behind
the GTR real again oh yeah I like that
for now we're actually heading out I'm
going to be in this beast if you're
wondering what this is this is 100th
anniversary muscle right it's like a
grand Cabrini oh okay it's a really
fancy car super limited and the main
thing is it is very very loud guys let
me go show you the exhausts on this
beast
look Li guys this is what monster oh
let's go guys very very loud car this
Maserati is also comparable guys and
we're taking the roof down now son
that is so good the sound this car makes
alone makes me scared
like honestly I it just sounds like
we're in a jet
oh boy
so we just made it over here guys the
roof is going back called the Maserati
as you can see
awesome awesome car guys this is like a
beast the place we are now is actually
so so beautiful I'm sure you guys have
seen on like the older vlogs this place
actually used to be a palace I think for
like a king or something and then they
kind of convert it to a hotel so it's a
pretty cool story behind the I guess
we're literally in a palace right now
every single time we come here guys we
have to do this go free who's looking at
us it's such a loud noise
I know I've been telling you guys this
place is beautiful guys but tell me this
is not insane
so it's like 12 o'clock guys the
restaurants a little bit emptier so I
thought I'd show you around like this
place is really nice guys they were like
little fountain here and all these
places you see they're seeing areas like
when we got here I don't really blog
because people were eating I don't want
to be like y'all check it out guys and
some being here or anything anyways
we're gonna have some tea here and then
after that we're gonna head off home so
the desert just got here guys I know
what you're thinking no it's not
chocolatey and unhealthy it's actually
healthy for once check it out guys oh
it's like a fruit platter I like that
that is awesome
anyways guys for now we're heading off
this restaurant we need to go to the
pharmacy to get me some medicine look at
the view one more time as we're leaving
wow that is it's sane imagine this used
to be somebody's garden let's go let's
go guys
I've been reading your comments recently
and I know I'm becoming out of shape
guys and I haven't been exercising for a
long time but me and Lana are gonna do
some exercises right now so she's doing
a handstand right now or I think that's
what she's doing she's doing something
guys this is some sort of exercise uh oh
I know what this is this is a pushup
it's good to push up guys this is what I
feel like right now I feel like poop
like I feel so bad my throat is dying so
sorry guys just bear with me these
couple of days but yeah guys I'll catch
you guys tomorrow for another vlog day
awesome I love y'all yellow yellow good
boy boom
