oh what's that Ben aah oh my god aah
I think I tore something I think I torch
yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog me my family actually
heading over to our friend's house right
now the weather is so nice we got some
nice chocolate to take over for them so
Joker Joker Joker where did you hear
that song from the chocolate I just
remember that have a lot of editing to
do guys so my sisters actually gonna
drive us there let's go
two minutes of her driving I'm sick of
it I'm not doing this anymore
I'm getting out we're literally changing
me and my mom just feel sick of my
sister driving get out just get out guys
I was awful that's the worst two minutes
worst two minutes of driving concentrate
guys I felt like I was riding a donkey
that's how bad it was
thank you that's why there's literally
like two minutes we haven't even if
Renteria no they're lying I'm yeah yeah
we're both lying over yeah the driver
you just design later I don't want to
ride a donkey anymore I want to drive a
car let's go guys I see on the way Paige
I'm good yeah I just want to say one
thing if you see in the back my mom's
doing her nails
and she started on a nose try it you
know
let's start blowing stop blows I'd like
the no waters go to bed
is you anyway hold up really is witty
but you know we gotta check it out we
just made it to our friends house you
guys should know this place memories yes
hi stag memories so I just made it over
to my friend's house after you see guys
and we're playing a demo the demo fee
for 17 oh yes my eye look at the goal I
just scored a second goal like this guys
look at this this is a lot let me show
you a samurai knife that separate has
like he's into his what do you hold is
up anime stuff and he actually has a
samurai sword okay we would show you how
a samurai sword like cuts a cupboard in
half but obviously we don't want to
damage anything in this house but that
break was pretty cool can I have it on
bleach if you guys watch bleach yeah
it's an immature ugly like bleach like
the drink never like bit ready nothing
let's go play with your animals why
animals you have left alive the rabbits
that's the only thing alive No so check
it out we're trying to find SEPs rabbit
like this guy she hates me like that
every time I come there like he just
runs away
oh dude if he scratches you or bite you
with it you're done hey buddy
there was a he has no chill guys his
runs million dinner and a batman batman
korean come on i'm coming for you okay
for you okay we okay okay now i'm
actually heading out with the family
guys but before I do I thought I'd show
you the drive way over here check it out
first off we have separate scar he's
waiting to turn 18 so he can drive so
that that's just there for I'm not even
joking guys that's there for him when he
turns 18 then we have his sister's car
which he had crashed once shouldn't
drive when you why did you drive it look
look guys he completely wrecked it like
obviously they fixed the car but the
plate number is direct and then they
have the family Porsche I love this
color by the way this color looks so
nice you should know seriously you chose
it
damn then there's not a great force
before I'm pretty sure talk to gets
outside I see it my mom bought this in
September 2015
it was before its game actually came out
all she got early I've only seen like
five of them in Dubai damn course played
with mo a get them exclusives and here's
you guys peace out y'all not Yolo see
you guys at home boy whoo alright so we
just made it back home guys awesome
start to the day sing some of my friends
why actually really need to do today is
go and exchange this seat for the
hoverboard guy like it's fun don't get
me wrong I is probably funner when it's
broken but it's not safe and I don't
want to like break my back or anything
so I need to go get that replaced and
I'm gonna see I just want to figure out
if the Apple iPhone 7 is still out I
think it's already sold out but maybe
they'll have like the new watch or
something maybe I can pick up one thing
I doubt it only knowing Apple it's like
so limited and you know anyways I'll
catch you guys once we're heading out
yeah so mere mo more quickly packing up
this to take your back guys we're gonna
exchange it for a new one
so let's go I'm literally driving over
to the mall right now and there's an
eclipse right now if you don't know what
that is that's when the Sun and the moon
kind of like overlap and it looks really
Orange check it out guys I hope you guys
can see that that is absolutely crazy
the moon looks orange like it has his
orange reread look to it down here with
the man himself he's helping me out I
couldn't fix it myself guys so we're
gonna fix it here and I'm just gonna
take it back home just like this check
it out guys
yo yo everyone it's your boy mo and
welcome to another video honestly you
guys I do often say this is a really
cool boss the thing is you can actually
paint it like paint it like any color
you want or any design so that's why
it's white but it looks really freaky
like look at me oh my god I look so
scary it is I'm gonna take it off that
is dope that is seriously go dance son
you look like a man what's up homie
what's up so we just made it into the
Apple Store guys you can probably tell
it's super busy and yes it's sold out
these are old bands for the Apple
watches guys so like they're the sports
fans and it looks really cool to design
they've done over here anyway it's no
fun for me guys I'm gonna come back two
more and see if I can get it but for now
let's head out so I'm not sure if you
guys know but Rudy in like three or four
days or three or four days four days
four days is my mom and sisters birthday
we have nothing planned I don't have any
clothes
it's a myth it's a mess I managed to
find a shirt that I kind of like guys
bearing in mind I'm only gonna buy one
because of my mom and sister like it
feels me guys I'll come in like a very
normal
ugly t-shirt so yeah this one I should
extremely nice guys I think it's very
nice and play changing rooms are for
noobs guys if you're a smart person
what's the point using a changer you can
just change outside like it's easier
what do you think right very nice
yes thank you so much they bought like a
really cool show going on everything I'm
trying to get nice and react
I hope you guys liked that show that was
a really really awesome to show to us
those are the best shows I've seen going
over here so props to them mad love for
that show the guy shut the thing like
five kilometers in the air like oh my
god I see a very special car in that way
guys give me a second let me let me get
to it are you guys ready to see what car
I see right here guys
a lamborghini SV in yellow yeah show is
today like my lucky day when it comes to
cars guys first an SV and now a matte
black rolls-royce Wraith guys look at it
Oh oh my god so now they're all guys I
finally have my go-kart type of thing I
don't even know what to call it guys so
I'm just gonna cool it go car and let's
see how it goes guys honestly it is like
one of the coolest things ever
watch this is possessed guys there is a
demon in this thing okay
oh what's happened
oh stop oh my god ah it hurts so bad
ah I can't don't association over mommy
oh I think I tore something I think I
torch ah okay I'm not sure how much you
guys saw that guys that hurt really bad
like seriously so bad anyways guys there
you go that is my new Hummer car type
thing I hope you guys enjoy so right now
I'm actually gonna cut back to a clip I
recorded about two weeks ago so let's
see how different I look and the reason
I'm cutting back is I did a short melt
time and I lost the footage and now I
found the memory card to the fluid so I
want to show you guys what we got in the
mail time because it was like literally
one of the most awesome stuff we ever
receive so see you in that mail time and
then I'll cut back to today's vlog it
might be a little bit confusing because
I'm wearing the same stuff I think but
just with a hat soul peace boom these
have actually been with us for a very
long time so I apologize for not opening
them until now it's this thing and then
this really big blue box but let's first
open this because this is actually a
painting guys it's a painting Wow
it does say fainting on it that's crazy
I so let's get into this I mean who
better to send it to the my sister so
we're going to see how good you're
paying is today we're doing
excited Wow this is a Vishal guide it is
a canvas this has been taken a vow
wooden thing right this is like whoa oh
my gosh oh my goodness Wow oh it's like
so talented this is what it is this
still I've never seen a painting like
this this is very well this is oil
Wow that is very cool look at the detail
in this series need look at that that is
the first time I've ever received a
painting in the fan belt it's over here
oh wait there's one more this is the
second one guys look at that these are
so vibrant and colorful as Tinga Tinga
da dee King getting the doggies I don't
know what that means
yeah there you go
you didn't see the note oh my god wait
wait what they've suddenly like a mix of
parties love it
honestly I owe a huge huge thank you to
Danny guys he sent all of this stuff to
me
he sent a huge absolutely huge
collection of currencies from Kenya
Zanzibar and even I'm pretty sure this
is young yet okay where's young yang
from young hang okay I think this is
from Korea guys but that is absolutely
crazy packet number two now guys this is
the final packet for today we've got a
massive blue box let's use your tape
cutter I'm pretty sure they said this is
a tape cutter in the comment section so
let's see if it's a rope cutter - yes
Oh crazy that's crazy oh my god alright
so let's open
Solman is be stuff from a band in India
- sister Lana and beautiful mommy misil
what about me
wicked on my own this is your mean
potentially it might be to potentially
any of this openness that count okay so
as you can see guys in here pretty fancy
box are you kidding me
is that what I think is Versace are you
kidding oh my gosh where's mine I open
the box and they take the games I said
oh let's open it up that's open it up
you know what this is a lot of mail time
guys open it this box is so gorgeous on
what is this is this like a watch or
something I don't think perfumes come
like that
are you serious oh my gosh unbelievable
you guys why would you do that oh my
gosh I am honestly speechless right now
amazing are you kidding do you see how
beautiful that look that looks
absolutely gorgeous this is so beautiful
oh my gosh weird oh hi mommy will love
it was already going to point of view
guys are you kidding me no Marimo got
some glosses guys oh look at these shade
oh my gosh Oh oh my goodness that is
crazy about flinging us out like gosh
this is so much I'm sure this is no med
loss is it me mommy can we share this
together like you wear it one day I'll
wear another day like if we got two days
in the weekend I could share it like
5050 and then we got this watch oh my
god are you kidding it's like my
birthday I'm honestly on those did
actually because like wait this is
amazing I don't know what you don't need
a gun to get my strange I am obviously
so sweet oh my gosh we're sharing these
glosses I don't care what you're saying
all three of us look how cool it's
called the Versace logo in the middle my
dad shades up running so boss right now
mommy was just like sitting there like
everything I get gets stolen on me mommy
we can share some balls
I'm your boss I'm out with them shades
on but if that way you just want to find
out yourself crap and give the glosses
I'm the watch that's she's a she's a
peeper we're taking in turns of small
blogs out anyways guys as always I'm
gonna wrap up today's Loki I hope you
have enjoyed stay awesome I love every
single what if you the support you guys
have been leaving has truly been mind
boring so I guess you add some more for
another vlog stay awesome I love you'll
and don't forget ya Leon oh boy boom
