yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today I'm actually using
my brand new camera and I'm hoping you
guys can tell the difference in quality
look at me I look so HD right now this
one is so much more clear and beautiful
and amazing so hopefully I come across
that way as well anyways right now we're
heading over to our post office the one
where you guys send everything in I want
to do like a huge male opening today
because it's been like three months
since I've done one so let's go and see
what we go guys let's do this look at my
life a little spice to know where it
came from
yikes why just around the corner from
the post office guys but look how many
like driving Learner cars there are guys
I always get scared around these cars I
think they might hit me they don't know
how to drive I even I was in that
position I know it's actually nervous
being around people learning cuz some of
them have no idea what they're doing
literally don't know what they're doing
whoa
so check it out I just need it over here
to the post office guys and bam
I don't even told you guys you're
floating in mid-air somehow
really nigga let's go see what we got
guys whoa
hello mama would you like to be my
sunshine nigga top my game
we gonna time this shit a kolobok &
rizzo jokes aside guys let's see what we
got we used to come here all the time
together I'm sure you guys remember it
but I've just been so busy I haven't had
the time to come check it out so let's
see we go oh my god
not bad we got a lot of things in here
yeah I like that
alright so here you go guys this is all
of the mail we got my mom's got a bunch
of them in her hand I've got a bunch of
this box is from India guy that's crazy
like I just sent out on Xbox to India
yesterday this looks like somebody sent
me an Xbox back like I know it's so
crazy
Oh
anyways let's put this is the boot guys
and go also we got a bunch of stuff look
at the amount of stamps on this box that
is crazy anyways guys thank you so so
much to all of you send in the mail guys
by the way in case you guys are
wondering where to send it damn this is
our p.o box information guys so if you
want to send us anything please go ahead
just keep it pg guys keep it PG if you
want it to be on the vlog let's go home
now and open a bunch of your mail and
just go boom I want to show you the
world's laziest cat KK that you guys
barely see on the vlog you don't see her
because she's always sleeping look at
her look at me when I'm talking to you
look at me
hello Ln alright guys now that we're
home my brother's gonna start a huge fan
mail for you guys so drumroll a lot
there's a lot of bad girl to go through
guys box number one let's do this what
yo check this out guys see the same
person who sent us these the mobile
office thing they sent me 50 dollars
what my other car is a gachi as i've
says mow logs then finally yellow yellow
and thank you for my first ever fifty
dollar note I appreciate it that's
awesome I love Rick all right onto
packet number two oh my god
Oh Oh I bent it No
these are legit like number please oh my
god I bet the number play I'm sorry dude
I was trying to put it out this is also
I'm pretty sure it's illegal atmosphere
if I put this on my car
I'm definitely getting pulled over the
poundage guys like damn that's one of
the kind guy no gloves number plate for
sale guys ten million dollars take it or
leave it
ah I got my own custom t-shirt and my
plate number boom oh they have a girl
version too that is so cute thank you
packet number three
oh my god
look at that guy's hopefully you can see
their reflections that is a carbon-fiber
phone case oh yeah that is 100% carbon
fiber this is legit carbon fiber dye not
fake or anything like it is so light
Thank You Ben
I love the case I appreciate my man
packet number Quatro is that for I'd say
four in Spanish oh no stress squats okay
okay packet number four guys uh
Oh God let's try on this t-shirt guys I
should like this shirt yeah without
without without it makes me look sorry
target guys
anyways thank you so much for the shirts
oh it is hot in here guys right back
I like the way they send the picture for
where it came from
Mirza this Sri Lanka Sri Lanka that's
cool
this is a belt bag my sister gets two I
get one all right I'll see you done okay
what do we have here yo I get it
this is a hairband ah there's the hair
and there's the bag it's the hair
venture yeah that is genius we got a
very cool but freaky piece of alright
guys
bold war blogs he waited Voldemort
oh my god do we got our own custom key
chain I don't worry it's still alive
that is some cool oh my god
you ain't got your money in it I mean
don't matter this money is from Nigeria
that is so cool this packet says do not
bend guys I appreciate you writing it
there because my brain works like a
caveman I break stuff open so that kind
of just tells me down
hands off mo you're ticklish exactly why
you said do not bend mom sorry oh this
is by far one of the most detailed
drawings and you feel like I'm 3d Laura
Laura oh I've got another sister guys
Wow that is the most amazing like pencil
drawing leave it Andy I want one of
those now okay send one of my face right
now this is the face I want you to draw
if you guys don't know what that means
that means like my love oh my god javis
a cheer all right
that is awesome thank you for these
t-shirts guys now we can go out matching
whoa what do we have here
is it he said all for starting Pokemon
what these are actually so rare I know
can sell these for like $100 each Wow we
would not do that
yo this is so cool guys I promise you I
will keep them safe okay they are in
good hands unless they cost over $1000
each and I'm sorry I'm sorry
eBay eBay yo that Pokemon money doll
that I'm joking I'm not selling your
Pokemon guys so we're gonna wrap up a
meal right there guys hopefully you guys
enjoyed thank you thank you thank you we
cannot express how thankful we are for
you guys so yeah appreciate all the
stuff you sent in we still have a lot of
packages to open I just I called it
quits man I could've figured it open
more than that so something really weird
has happened right now my sister just
came out we're about to head out but
look what she saw happened to her car
and this is really weird guys somebody
has smashed her window like completely
smashed it I don't guys the thing is I
don't even understand because like it's
not like a hit in the middle or anything
like it's just like weird
let me see from afar guys that it's not
like it's been hit at a certain point
yeah these are our finger prints guys
the only thing is on the side it's been
like chipped yeah I don't know right now
we're just looking around the car we
honestly have no idea guys like what
could it have been like please if you're
somebody knows about this comment down
below because it doesn't look like
somebody's hit it with anything I don't
know how it's broken
could it have been like the temperature
or I don't know this literally makes no
sense yeah guys there's only like a
little chip in this corner but like it's
not Shiva sighs I don't know I what do
you see anybody in the street
I swear this is just weird this is what
you call investigation right here what
are you looking at you're trying to see
if we can find any hints on the four is
like pieces Bam Bam Bam but it's like
everywhere honestly you guys right now I
feel like we're so sorry criminal
investigators i we went from male time
to a crime scene within like seconds
like what just happened
something fishy is definitely going on
guys i we caught we can't get to it
we're old thinking and it's nothing so
we've been through so much DC fridge
guys and the only thing suspicious is
this look what is going on over here
okay I think you might have been him
we caught the suspect guys what the hell
are you doing on the car yo the light
turned on and he still doesn't care he's
just sitting on there like yep my car
now let's get all of the negativity out
of the way right now guys I actually
have a big THANK YOU to tell you guys
because we hit 300,000 followers on
Instagram that is awesome so before I
wrap up today's vlog I actually want to
react to a video with my sister
basically there's these videos on the
internet called ASMR videos okay and I
know you're gonna you're gonna see it's
super weird but I know you kind of get
addicted to them guys basically what
these videos are is somebody whispering
to a camera and making sounds and the
one on about show you has literally five
million views XP start off we're gonna
do a little brushing
can I close my eyes maybe I would feel
alright yeah let's try the scattered
goes on yeah as always guys on the rapid
today's lucky I hope you have enjoyed
tomorrow morning we are going to
continue to see what the hell has made
my sister's windows smash like was it an
animal a human a boy a ghost or cloud if
it's a cloud you know I'm back I'm
moving house if it's a cloud guys but
yeah hey guys I catch you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo boy boom
