but I said you made it on YouTube good
morning welcome to another vlog today I
have sad news more doesn't want to vlog
I want to yo what is not everyone
welcome back to my vlog today we're
starting out the day with my boy sigan
and guys we have some pretty exciting
news free shine tell them should you
tell them I don't know
mo is fighting a building I catch it
yeah yeah
so pretty much today I'm being out with
sigan because listen 2018 just begun and
I want to buy a property as I I feel
like it's time to invest with the way
YouTube's going at the moment and the
drama I don't know how long we're gonna
have monetization okay so all jokes
aside right now Simon's gonna actually
help me find like a small property
something very reasonable and he has a
company for this which is gonna make you
way easier for me so yeah
we're gonna find a great deal for moon
but the first thing you're gonna do a
property is figure out how much you can
afford
mother why are you trying to offend me
right now how would you can afford
monthly payment you can do or you can do
with cash right away
move are you the cash guy I think we
should do cash budget a million dirhams
so you can get a nice place alright guys
let's go boom so today our mission is to
find mow logs a house where when YouTube
doesn't pay anymore
hey our boy so right now we just made it
over to the first location and look who
we have the man himself guys so what is
the plan now we have a few units that to
show you it's a gorgeous building here
and
yeah well I really like it look at the
background so basically the first
building you come to is actually really
nice it's like a new development guys
just look at it for yourselves wow it's
like a really gorgeous glass building so
right now are quickly gonna go inside
and let's see if we can find anything
for me all right guys so right now we
just came to the first place where I'm
doing a man who was gonna take me
through it so let's go this is actually
a really nice kitchen I love the fact
that it's all done up nicely
oh yeah okay my question is does the
fridge cover the deal yes Wow
this is actually a really nice apartment
I can actually move out for once bro no
and you know what they guarantee to a
year's rent so basically they rented for
you this your mortgage will be about
$4,000 a month you can rent it out easy
four five five fifty five hundred a
month that's perfect so I make more
money than my mortgage cuz the guy who
owns this building is actually a friend
oh yeah you got a friends do this over
here this is the boss the bedroom Wow
it's like a it's like a Versace hotel
thing this actually Wow no this is like
it's like a village literally right now
the balcony just looped around from the
bedroom back over to the living room
this is nice I don't even think we need
to say anything else I think this is the
one I think this is the one
so my resistive way we get the deals
like how do we do this exactly so
essentially at the beginning you guys
know we're actually signing up a lot of
investors a lot of professional guys and
then we had such a high demand of end
users and guys that wanted to buy one
property not five at the end of the day
why right that you can oh
so this is the one-bedroom we're
checking out guys
anyways right now we just finished
seeing both the places guys quickly just
showed you the one bedroom so you can
see it but for now we're heading out I
need to think about it still just to see
which one is better for me but I think
the two bedrooms really nice do it just
do it
for now we are done looking at
properties as I said I'm gonna see and
make my mind up here is the thing you
know I showed you that I have some cash
at the house the real reason I have it
is because I might be buying a new car
soon this is actually nice okay so all
jokes aside guys the reason I'm here I
told you I need a new car now here's the
thing ever since we sold our goals race
we don't have a family car like a proper
family car the Mustang can't fit for
people who really want a firm iPhone and
honestly my mum is really sad like she
really like the Rolls Royce guys so I
kinda want to surprise my mum with a new
car but I don't know what like should I
go for another one you know what a nice
family car I do you want the limousine
right yeah something like okay then not
this brake because I think there's two
cars I really like here but the number
one it's not a rose rose though and it's
it's nice Braavos really since we are
here there's one person I need advice
from guys listen we got my boy
Thank You Ahmed I need another family
car a family car basically sigan says
like an s-class or something I'm like
bro well that's what I'm saying
guys you see my boys got it down oh now
we're talking guys this is why I like my
boy Ahmed you psyching just doesn't have
to taste man sigan doesn't have face
we're not we're not saying anything
behind your back right now I think it's
brown like dark brown bro are you
colorblind that's brown it's dark brown
no the whole thing
honestly as I said I'm trying to get a
car for my mom right now forget it
driver so nice let me know comment down
below what you guys think about this car
yay or nay oh wait a second wait wait a
second
bro what do you think about a G Wagon
we're leaving guys the more I see the
more I stay here the more options but no
let me do the conversation what do you
guys think a real good family card me I
love the rolls-royce I still think the
Rolls Royces a lot all right guys you
know for now we're heading out let's go
chill I just wanted to let you guys know
so you're in the loop in case I buy a
car it doesn't come to a surprise
bother you guys while I look who I ran
into what what's up guys shoutouts to my
cousin Mohammad youssuf everybody and
subscribe to my youtube channel so oh
yeah boy Abdullah davon YouTube videos
yes he's awesome
so apparently my boy knows how to vlog
and backflip so right now he's gonna
back me for us good this is not my idea
by the way oh brother I see you made it
on YouTube that's crazy I quit that's
this guy baby okay so before we say
goodbye to Saget for today I just
realized guys a lot of you have actually
been asking me about the same way I buy
property as I said I'm using Saiga's a
new service sell any home guys so if you
guys want to check it out I'll leave the
link in the description and basically
it's literally at the moment it's gonna
be like an invite-only thing so if
you're a serious person that wants to
get onto it use the link in the
description oh there it is that's the
website guys hey yeah but yeah if you're
something that wants to buy proof you
guys go check it out they have some
crazy deals on there and yeah it's free
so what else what else can you guys get
peace brother we're heading out my rent
did you can buy guys for now we're
saying goodbye it's like no don't don't
leave me hanging
hi guys so right now we quickly came to
eat some food though I should have two
special guests I'm here my boy Ahmed
look who else is here
and don't forget the golden child hey we
came to this restaurant and I kid you
not they bring you unlimited food like
as much chicken and me as you can eat
they keep bringing oh hi guys so right
now we just finished eating our food
sadly we're saying goodbye to Marwan for
today but that is not an amazing
recommendation okay so we are finally
back home today was actually a really
really fun day it was good catching up
with all of my friends anyways I'm super
super tired and tomorrow is a very very
special day it's Rosh it's birthday guys
so stay tuned listen I'd only give away
too much cuz I don't even know how much
he knows anyways I will wrap up today's
look here if you have enjoyed make sure
to subscribe down below smash the like
button and yeah you could also win an
iPhone X but for now I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
