here goes nothing guys
are you ready
yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today we are doing
something you guys have been going crazy
over we're gonna be racing the
Lamborghini versus the Nissan GTR so
we're gonna go over into the desert and
we're gonna see which one of these bad
boys is gonna win team Lana or Timo
this car is such a bitch bye bye Lana
bye bye
are you guys ready to see where we just
came guys BAM
look at this road oh my god what are you
kidding me
there's cameras here what yo those
cameras over here oh he's going there
going no you want to race me camel you
want to race me anyways guys let's get
out
I was also see these camels but why okay
it's rap back to my flat
doing this is my darling
oh my god look at the mouth I can was
over here oh that's crazy that camera is
looking at me funny right now don't go
towards me buddy I don't want any
trouble
yo camels you wanna fight me brah you
wanna fight me bro oh oh my god my god
scared
look is gonna come bite me eyes that was
almost a cowboy attack on me you always
attack so now that we made it over to
the location guys it is time to do the
race
here goes nothing guys are you ready I'm
gonna whoop your ass
okey-dokey let's see then you suck
mahmud you already know what it is guys
shame really
you see she's trying to trash-talk me
with the rent
I see you I see you don't worry I got
you I got you
we won all of your excuse there was Sun
apparently her oh she slowed down cuz
she saw sad guys okay you know what I'm
gonna give her the benefit of the doubt
and we're going one more time okay all
right round two let's do this guy's
I got let's see round two guys she
thinks she she did the exact same thing
last time okay no noise ain't gonna win
you the race you ready Oh
go
Oh
son I don't even know who just say Lyman
I don't know what I felt like that was a
true guys we were both like this let me
say this I won but I think she would
have beat me if we kept going you know
what guys that I'm gonna cool that time
whoa all right guys high five give me a
high five
honestly did you see that we were neck
or neck from 0 to 100 I was a little bit
ahead guys and then she started catching
up cause I you know what while I have
the lead let me not lose this let me
just pretend like the race is over
anyways guys for now we are heading over
crazy crazy day we actually woke up
super early to do this for you guys so
really go home take a little nap and
then we'll continue the rest of the day
alright let's go guys catch you guys at
about six seven hours of sleeping I
ready to go let's go wait hi mommy why
are you holding on to the seat are you
scared
all right we just wait at home guys as I
said we have to go sleep right now guys
I'm Way too tired I'm gonna be editing
my videos I'm off the bed I'm just gonna
be straight out honest with you guys
let's go inside awesome time with these
cars I mean you a bad boy you he almost
ran out of fuel on me though I'm not
sure if you've seen these new filters
they have on snapchat check this out
sorry this filter shows like it should
let the sexy side of my guess hi
everyone how y'all doing oh that is
disgusting
for now we're actually heading out with
the family guys I need to go buy myself
a cabinet to soar out everything in my
room so let's go take your name say my
name no one is around you say baby I
love you you ain't running games in my
name say my name every other word
okay maybe the Jew with the lady
the day
hi anyways yeah we just ordered our food
guys mummy mo actually went and she
snuck some Starbucks in here like come
on mommy come on are you trying to get
us kicked out of here you guys she
always does wherever we eat
she picked somewhere else to eat anyways
look at that look we're in a different
restaurant we don't care I don't know
one know what you're done don't need a
gun to get respect oh oh one more thing
I want to show you guys look over there
the horses but there's a love sign right
where the buddies but who
that booty doe that booty scary who do
we appreciate go Alana eight-eight
Johanna oh my god you literally look
like an egg okay or like a crab that has
a shell oh my god oh my god you
literally like a crab yo my butt stuck
your is so cool imagine we had one oh I
know you're always complaining about my
teeth but I found the solution guys I
don't know what you're
to get respect I found the world at
large his toothbrush
yes this stuff I told you there's even a
cactus looks at and is this guy's tell
me if you've ever bought this in your
life you just played yourself like you
all ages the time to get the cabinets
guys check out all these trolleys there
there's so many in there welcome to my
warehouse guys
hello mama would you like to buy my
sunshine I get tough my game we gonna
tarnish it's a column by who names a
cabinet Billy look at look at the thing
Bob let them see this cabinet legit has
its own name
Billy world rug guys we just figured out
that we can't take Billy home because
it's too it's too big to fit in my car
so we're trying to think of what to do
okay
I found the coolest thing ever look up
over here damn yeah
yo I'm loving this place guys look at it
I can see everything from here
under these I kissed oh oh my head
oh very good
you know that's it we're out guys that's
it that's hard a complete you know
what's really weird guys I came here so
excited to have a hot dog but I'm not
having a hot dog because I already ate
so much okay instead what I'm having
guys it's a muffin I like that I like
that but eating more I never knew they
had a microwave you might call it aa
very it's a girl that put a tissue there
there you go that's my muffin guys for
the rest of the journey home I'm going
to be seeing at the back because I need
to do some editing on my laptop okay and
my mom and sister are in the front if
you can see them but look at these guys
my head doesn't fit back here like I
have to bend my neck or else it hits the
roof illiterate is it look at it doesn't
like how low is this car they haven't
designed it from and I'm not that tall
I'm not that tall guys but there you go
this is how I'm gonna sit at the back of
the car guys my mom is outside she's
opening the boot
whoa look at that guys you can see the
trees alright guys so it's currently
2:00 a.m. when I want to wrap up my vlog
here like I completely forgot to wrap it
up because I was so busy working on my
computer but I hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog tomorrow's gonna be a
hectic hectic day so I'm gonna go to bed
so I'll catch you guys tomorrow I love
you don't forget guys just keep grinding
working hard trust me guys behind the
scenes I I worked my asshole like
literally I work so hard I'm dying right
now so I can't cast more I love you'll
and don't forget ya Leon oh boy boom
