yo everyone what is up and welcome to
another vlog so I thought I'd start out
today's vlog by showing you a couple of
things about the Nissan GTR which I
haven't shown you and one of the most
important is the engine because I love
looking at engines I don't know why this
one is actually pretty cool you guys
don't know it's a v6 and let me show you
what's under the hood guys so this is my
first time opening this with you guys so
hopefully I do not break a finger guys
so here is the engine guys let me
explain this okay they told me this when
they gave me this car I forgot so you
guys so if you look here guys it says
hand-built by a name I can't pronounce
the name but every engine is actually
made by one person and the reason they
told me okay don't quote me on this I'm
not the smartest this is what I remember
is because when somebody makes an engine
obviously they know their engine the
best so they let one person start to
finish make one engine because they know
what they're making ok yeah ok I thought
that you guys knew that about the GTR
but there you go information with moe we
out your boy I always get nervous doing
this I don't want to like break it 3 2 1
one more thing I want to show you guys
is the boot space because
oh my god you want to see how much boost
basis is guys you want to see how it
faces look at this you can fit me inside
here you can literally fit me inside the
boot guys peace out
are you often a few moments later how
can I open I cannot open no a few
moments later whoa down okay guys I
spent like a good five minutes in there
there you go guys that is some things I
wanted to show you about the GTR for now
I'm heading out to go to the mall saw
catch you guys over there let's do this
so check it out guys I just made it over
to the mall and the first thing we're
actually doing I'm out with my boy cuz
he was also here look where he is guys
lost and found he lost his phone over
here and somebody found it and caught
himself as he can see I don't want to go
inside but he's getting his phone look
at him
who loses their phone and he shall like
life I lost my phone it would have been
gone he loses it and somebody called and
said yo it's in the lost and found
he's ringing his lost phone he's ringing
me to buy me to buy that's where you got
it yeah so most cooling his number guys
and apparently it's not even here if
somebody gave him a call and said listen
your phone is gonna be in security but
it's not here
no I think I got jacked hey big bro cuz
the lady who answered me in the first
place
when I first called her she was like
hello I'm like at I'm like where's my
penny which is like who is this I was
like who is this you have my phone like
this is security I think she was booked
I think she might I take oh so I thought
we got the ball back guys but maybe so I
quickly came guys and I picked up myself
a special pair of jeans I'll show you
them at home they're limited but my boy
Moe is trying on some hats so rockin
never I think you look - gangster
gangster - gangster what's that dude
radical
enjoy my game whoa check out who's home
guys oh yeah mo vlogs in the building
I love the steering on this car guys
just look at it alright so another Oh
guys let me show you the pair of
sneakers I bought today salt bail check
it out check it out these are sneakers
that are you ready to see what they look
like okay so as you can see guys this is
what I meant about them big orange you
can gotta see they match the car but let
me actually explain something to you
guys so I know a lot of you see me buy
sneakers all the time you got your mo
you're just wasting money on a bunch of
sneakers but let me tell you this guy's
the sneakers I buy and I know a lot of
you might not know about sneakers
I could literally like some of the shoes
like these I can profit off these and
I'm not kidding with you guys because a
lot of the sneakers I buy for example
the ovios which I bought the Drake shoes
like they sell when you buy them
initially they're like $300 but because
they're so limited and you have to like
wait in line for them I could sell those
for $1000 so three times the price even
with these I okay these are not as
limited but you can actually profit off
some shoes if you know what you're doing
like and I'm not saying every shoe you
buy know like 99% of the shoes you buy
it's just you buy them to wear them and
that's it but some shoes like these and
the other ones I buy they're actually
kind of investment I know it sounds
weird but honestly guys if you know what
you're doing you can make money off
shoes as well not that I buy them for
that I just like collecting the limited
ones but I'm just saying it's not really
a bad purchase the ones I buy anyways so
we just made over to the supermarket
guys but I honestly have to say the
favorite thing about this car in my
opinion is the booty
look at the not Halloween moss
they have damn look at that this one
those spooky guys I did come here to buy
a bunch of stuff to show you how big the
boo on the car is but honestly we don't
have anything to buy you guys
Oh what is that ah that's a
glow-in-the-dark beach board I like that
that's awesome this is the most random
like test I've ever done before my life
guys huh you know what guys trust me
this car can fit a lot of things in
there here you go there you go boot
space for you guys boot space you guys
don't even understand what just happened
right now I've been waiting for this for
a month one month again let me open it
to show you guys what it is a cake ah
this is what I've been waiting for guys
BAM
these little things are what goes on the
camera to remove the wind noise and if
you guys are running out why are you
waiting for these mole I used to have
them again but I used all of them up and
this is the reason why I couldn't vlog
with my new camera I've got a new camera
waiting and the quality is better than
this one but I needed to wait for these
because I hate with my audio messes up
so yeah I know you guys are probably not
as excited as me but there you go
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be completely
different quality okay hopefully I think
okay one more thing I need to do guys
you know this thing which I was trying
to fill and put in the car
I'm not somebody to give up okay I am
filling it up let's do this guy's kinda
spat so bad
Oh oh my gosh listen this is this is so
hard
this is probably one of my first times
using a glow stick guys but let's see oh
it looks pretty cool okay three two one
Wow look at that
that is awesome whoa yeah
that is so cool check it out guys whoo I
like that for now I'm actually heading
out to go see my friends guys it should
be fun let's go let's see what's up so
check it out I just made it over to the
boys anybody enthusiastic here please
let us go like yeah I don't care boys
yeah yeah anyways here we are guys
they're having a little bit dessert
that's my dinner that's your dinner I
didn't eat anything for lunch night all
day you know he's having a pancake
cousin's dinner guys so that's what's up
did it added at the one man whatever
yo check this out guys the cream came to
buy a camera and look what they have in
the camera store Dan they got tokens
housed in here man
what are they doing so good I can see
you in there this is how to be
productive you see in stores now this is
how they show their more improved you
see you just boom I'm sure that still
works so so before we head off your guys
I decided to play a game if I have money
if I don't it's going to be a big plan
124,000 echoed by the giveaway everyone
we're going to try to do the impossible
right now all four of us are going to go
in the GTR and go for a ride so let's
see how this turns out
yeah that's it this is why me and Kareem
don't hang out anymore
what is he doing you pervert Kareem has
to be able to fit into this gap guys
good luck
Kareem just told me how to switch it
into race mode guys check out these
switches so if I hold this up BAM it
turns red ok I don't know what I'm
turning on guys hopefully this doesn't
make a scratch but there you go we're at
sports but now I think you see your skin
yeah I'm come to the power
so Kareem wanted to test out the GTR
just for one acceleration so let's see
how he does guys here he goes guys let's
see can Kareem handle Godzilla oh I am a
long walking to do guys come on bro
cream I had to run a mile just to catch
up was that gonna stop actually was that
your version of slowing down for me I
want to see I wanted to keep going I was
like oh
I don't know how I got violated like
this but I got chucked in the back I
told you is gonna happen I told you so
as you can see you guys Kareem is behind
the red light this guy does not know how
to drive I'm just putting this out there
did you know how to put it into race
mode
I love this car he's perfect honestly
guys I guess so scared with somebody
else is driving so I kicked out hurry
and try no you're not a good driver get
back just you're the worst driver I've
ever seen listen what I can say is I
thought I was gonna die yeah there you
go guys there's the difference between
dangerous driving and driving well for
now I'm saying goodbye to everybody
I'll catch you guys next time peace out
peace I'm going home down Oh
alright guys so now that I'm gonna wrap
up today's vlog you guys have not seen a
lot of the whole day pretty much she's
just been I don't even know where she's
been guys yeah she literally takes five
days to edit one blog anyways before I
wrap up today's going I want to say one
thing guys tomorrow's vlog is gonna be
crazy so we've decided to do a small new
race you guys hit 50,000 over 50,000
likes on me saying let's race the GTR
and the Lamborghini
so tomorrow watch out for that blog so
let's see I don't know let me know the
conversation who do you think will win
and yeah team la noche Lana or team Oh
guys anyway stay with some I love you
all now catch you guys tomorrow Galliano
