yo yo everyone what is up good morning
and welcome to another vlog so today's
gonna be a crazy crazy day and I know
what you guys are expecting I want to be
doing something with this but no I'm
actually leaving the car behind today so
me and my friends are heading over to
Abu Dhabi we're going to a war part so
let's say goodbye to this beast I will
use it tomorrow I've run it for like a
couple days guys don't worry but for now
we're gonna say goodbye let's do this
see somebody will see you soon it's
currently 1:30 p.m. mo is still sleeping
morning Denise alone we're not messing
around today guys because we're already
late we're heading straight out a lot
amar you have V VIPs we got V V V IV I
like that
look we're like five minutes around the
corner from the war part guys we should
be there soon we've just been like
live-streaming and stuff you know it's
been going down going down here roasting
us but oh you guys get baby may be
roasting us but hey just keep watching
us my duals they be knocking I'll run it
up here I need up my debut talking oh
alright so we just wait over here guys
as you can see the whole Scott is out
here that was it that was the shortest
one hour drive I've ever had he was so
high played as you guys saw hey Zuri
here is that sweat well it was hot
between the both of you a bee was
sleeping in the back throughout the
whole thing yeah if you didn't know guys
this is every country silent√≥ has been
to so far so every time he goes
somewhere he sticks another one on there
that's crazy that's a lot of countries
you guys don't know this is my first
time over here at the yeah so
first time everybody's first time guys
so let's go see what's up anyways let's
go and have a fun time guys let's do
this
this place looks so awesome we're about
to go on the ride guys it's about to
turn up and let's do this
Oh
that was crazy on two right number two
we go guys you know this place is
serious guys and they have things that
look like that I don't even want to know
what it is it looks dangerous so we're
about to go on the scariest ride they
have over here guys let's do this
I don't know where she's from that no
it's crazy I had the biggest wedgie in
the world Oh
I think I might be needing a doctor
after that the next ride we're going on
requires this thing guys it's literally
like a war sled all right we're about to
do this Oh
aftermath say what's up to the vlog
there you go there you go away from Abu
Dhabi yeah to Ottawa right now we got
fan love for the boys we're doing the
opposite of a lazy river it's not
working it's called a working river now
I don't know what's going on that's
pretty cool it's like a treasure hunt
deep in the water I'm pretty sure it
should be time to eat guys because we
are starving now and yeah it's just
about that time we filled up on the
bellies guys so let's go have some lunch
belly buddy so the boys have come over
to get some sore like fresh juices guys
you know I've know about the healthy
life but check it out they look nice
they look nice I'm not drinking a guy's
it's all them I like that so I don't
tells me I gotta make sure that they're
not poisoned Prince I'll answer that for
you
really good is it good yeah you need to
test one more maybe maybe maybe we just
finished eating our food guys and look
or you found out there's like three no
pumps over here and if you close them
all this one goes higher check that out
BAM there's no idea about doing these is
also nothing guys so he came over to the
surfboarding station guys let's go and
see what's up you don't wash it on the
net silence on the right
about to go surfing guys I just wish my
pants don't come down it's gonna come
down it's gonna go oh look at that chest
close get on your knees he looks
confused he's like a kid walking for the
first time he's like is this correct
yeah blog though why you lying you know
you've done this before
yeah son he's sucking he's so still
later aliens better you sure that you're
surfing what you think about that no you
look like you've read that you're one of
those pros get out there's my status on
second time oh he's stuck
I am no wonder why your tongue don't
need a gun to get respect upon this case
we just made it over to the death
coughing I call it a B's about to go you
already know what it is guys rest in
peace for a recipe all you let's go boys
let's go
oh boy a bee I got another wedgie I know
the wedgies are so bad a melon dominated
oh I want to show you guys how Leia
actually is I look the whole war part is
lit up now like we're here over time
it's abandoned right now we decided to
come back to the family right guys
goodness so fun like hey this was
probably one of the best ones they have
over here so round 2 you already know
what it is guys all right all right all
right
we need to head out right now this place
is literally closed like there's nobody
else in this place I think we're the
last one so we're technically like in an
abandoned water park
we've lost silence in a rush it right
now silento where you are where are you
now that I need you where you guys are
bad you did to us
yo look at that guy's we never even
tried that we have to leave that's crazy
they go like six snake mouths that you
come out check it out we found them guys
brother really good beer skin no we just
finished up over here so I want to tell
you something hahaha this guy's the for
the people through here this guy's the
most humble guy ever much I'm not joking
perfect at top three I'm sure thing is
for me flat with respect in his name
well it's really nice thank you guys we
out here man we just finished the
horrifying but my bro Ross said you
already know I where's everybody ditched
us now yeah everybody who just island
tones gone more money's going at Nani
he's back in Mexico by now I don't even
know hey I like that I don't know where
he is
even though we lost these guys they made
up for it they got me a slushie guys
damn son whered you fine
yeah we've had four mouths that straw
I'm just saying I'm just saying every
wake up tomorrow with something I didn't
have today I don't even know who I could
believe you don't have bumps coming out
in when I'm gonna wake up tomorrow
losing my hair and I don't know who to
blame I'm just saying guys I don't know
what mixture is in this but they got the
keys they got the keys
anyways you guys for now we are heading
out the car just pulled up I love this
cars black down everything guys it looks
mafia status you know what I mean I
don't know who this good I'm not gonna
happen out I will him in this tortillas
bed the hell is this guy say anyways
we're going out we're gonna go eat
somewhere guys so good follow us don't
care see don't pick your nose call me
yung yau picking out his long white
doing number did ya get comas they
loving me now and I go Jeeva will be bow
you better go to sit down 300 down all
right we just finished our one and a
half hour drive from out with everything
good bye guys we're about to go eat some
food you don't even realize how tired I
am I think everybody's tired guys but
let's go play that face that's a face of
a very energetic man this is how you
know me and Dawn are cheap we came and
they gave us these three little testers
Eddy Cue serious he builds it up Eddy
like a whole cup so I think I know what
I see some chocolate right here let's go
for it you just ate yours I saw that
that's your second time brother this
year oh you just missed it oh yeah like
that I like that alright guys so today
we
yes go Tonya yeah that's great
peace out guys y'all do know
I doubt you're going to bring them over
what do you have to say about the this
is what you get for telling them on
snapchat what's up guys it's getting
crowded yet just to show you that
everybody is out here today I get it
every time he takes the ride guys every
single time we just finished up at the
mall guys like it was so crazy we have
to leave like it was crazy crazy but
Jonathan Bernier came and ya know that
even like a funny vlog to get guys so
this is what your cool space a Cadillac
has an amazing amount like oh my god
think about the design like Kimmy is
great alright guys so it's Carney 2 a.m.
in the morning I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog here I just made a home guys I want
to say it is so crazy to think I've
literally left this car home the whole
day and not even driven it guys at 2017
GTR the only one in the country and it's
just saying here in my driveway but I'm
gonna wrap up this look here I love you
all stay awesome
don't forget ya Leon oh boy
