yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so today something crazy is
happening right now and I told you guys
about this yesterday and it's actually
happening guys check this out this is a
2017 Nissan GTR that's being delivered
for me right now I don't know what to
say it's the first one in the country
literally the first one in Dubai and
they've given me it I know
alright the ringing it down guys they're
bringing it down oh I feel so nervous
they're unstrapping this beast check
this out guys my sister just made it
home and this is what she sees in front
of her right now so it's taking me a
good hour to absorb what's going on my
sister just laid at home what another
supercar here guys what is going on
today guys well we've got to power cars
now okay thank you but this car the
Beast I'm she's the first one in the
country the first one in the country
guys so lucky alright let me run through
the car with you guys now that it's all
parked up so this is the 2017 Nissan GTR
guys
okay so a couple differences you guys
may be wondering the front of the car is
wider it looks more for beasts than it
already did guys and let's get on to the
inside oh my god guys I love the door
handle check this out look at the inside
oh my god that looks so luxurious
this is literally a luxury GTR guys so
they've changed up the interior they've
made it more plush like more luxury guys
and you already know oh wow
and even says GTR on the side have you
noticed I like that I like that I never
actually said to you to have you know if
it aqui it's cute check that out 34.1
km/h light something guys whoa both the
sound system is Bose Wow
and go show it's your birthday we all
party hey I feel like I'm more like a
computer right now I don't know what
that is but other interest I know that's
exactly how I feel like I don't know
what it is but it looks good so as you
can see right now we are in the GTR guys
hopefully you're getting the whole car
I've got my GoPro attached you're ready
to go you're ready to go
I don't even know how to put this thing
in sports mode yet this is already
sports enough for my sister my sister's
getting nervous
I'm scared you gonna kill me so my
brother just dropped me off here we're
gonna see him driving down the road
my goodness very powerful I didn't
expect it but it's pretty powerful guys
the sound on that engine
like like a rocket if I was in the I'll
be screaming right now there he comes
guys
Wow yo yo yo I can't believe it it's
great you're like a rocket going boss
yeah I'm gonna catch you we're not gonna
turn Oh scared oh yeah I know I was like
what is he doing up it let's go
I don't want to sit next even gonna do
that yo okay now that was something some
days you just have good days I'm driving
my favorite car even better this car was
given to me I didn't have idea you were
buying Isaac they gave me the car I'm
not giving it back
you thought you could give me a car take
it back bite me
oh my god Wow
that is of you guys amazing just want a
chip to do bite a happy jack
look says accelerating g-force
heretofore stunning g-force I don't know
what I was like g4 we're always like
navigating like a jet g-force
hi ru you got
oh my gosh the brakes work so good on
this cars well better I don't know I'm
like we're gonna go fly
don't try and test it out too much yeah
cuz I know the hoff scared Super seven
credit cards and stuff I feel like we're
betraying my Mustang look at this meet
my new girl you betrayed him I'll take
care of you miss dying I'll take care of
so we're gonna Park this beautiful car
right next to mine over there oh look at
the back of this car Oh beautiful
Wow so that squad goes out here for you
guys oh my god that Kiki gives you in
schools
it's like smash the like button if you
want to see the Lambo versus the GTR
honestly I don't even know I think this
could I she just I think it could kill
it I think it could let's see round two
I'm going in the GTR my mum and sister
in the Mustang okay let's go and see
what's up man
if you guys get smoked just don't cry
okay
I don't know wonder what your son don't
need a gun to get my
there's no way I can catch up this car
as you can see it's a little bit dark
dark eyes I'm gonna park this baby up my
friends are coming round later on today
they're gonna freak out but now that has
been the GTR absolutely amazing stuff
man
still can't believe I have it with me
like this as I said guys just an honor
let's go inside guys just freshen up and
yeah it's been a good day it's been a
good day so far yes who is this close to
200 K she is I'm here yet let's see how
she hit 200 K what I've died maybe now
we can say I deserve that play but
Google where is our play buttons you
know what if we don't have it within the
next 20 days 20 days and me and Lana
Rose are coming in your offices and we
all smack you yeah oh no no nothing
you're gonna do something we gonna do
something guys and it's gonna be back
look who made it over here BAM we got
the man homerun and Kareem I don't want
to talk right now
he wants another cup gonna trade for a
name let's go for it let's go for it
we're gonna head out and eat some food
guys and then we're gonna come home to
play some games yeah I'm gonna come make
love to this beautiful detail yet no
please don't don't violate my baby don't
violate it ah it's already gone I'm
sorry first day and the GTRs already
violent hey hey so we just made it over
to the MU guys and look at this bad boy
they've got like a really cool bike over
here and this is what you call American
muscle guys it's got like the skulls and
everything like not one of these about
like smile what is that it looks like
it's made to kill something well that's
actually pretty Sean's
by the way guys shout out to videos
whirring in a restaurant yeah but they
just came to said they're gonna kick us
off huh as you so I just met a couple of
you guys I was so embarrassed you know
the whole restaurant was looking at us
guys the food just got you check it oh
come on
Oh Ron you have to mess up the meal
report off the noodles in the beam I
didn't mean to do one now you see why
couldn't waste time you see as you guys
so we just finished up eating bet a lot
of you guys shout out oh god oh that's
an understatement like 10% subscribers
career let's go leave the GTR that's it
stop harassing my GTR alright let's go
let's go let's go
schedule weirdo man no wonder you hate
him let's do that forfeit alright so the
winner gets any social media do whatever
the oh hi children lost I've this guy's
know my fan base I quit YouTube and I
was getting dunno like it's good you're
not believed it if you moments later
yeah so what guys get it soon yo give me
that Instagram account give me that now
we did a forfeit guys a first game with
Iran and I'm already winning man this is
my first game ever
a few moments later I was winning and
then somehow he scores - lucky girls if
any of you have a camera ever in FIFA
just be prepared that he is the luckiest
guy in this game even when you tuck in
him Osmo he gets the whole deal with you
okay you know this all this doesn't
count I want guys peace out we're
cutting the bloody Ivana bye-bye for now
the boys are heading back to I would
Debbie
peace out on run me next time lost a
nice I'm sure dad done even I know yeah
Kareem on this war I don't even know
what he's doing guys but he's he's just
yeah I take him with you just just take
him with you you don't know I do have a
youtube channel so just me yeah he just
looking like he doesn't just record me
for no reason that way in his head he
will stop harassing my GTR and yet take
care for my run it is our deal is such a
weirdo anyways guys gonna wrap up
today's lucky I hope you have enjoyed
stay awesome I love you all and as
always don't forget ya Leon Oh fine
boom I love this kid so
