yo yo everyone good morning local we
ain't good morning Brock mechanical okay
today we have to be on the radio we're
late kindness so let's go guys I'll do
the intro once I here in one minute we
gotta go
okay we're screwed guys risk you're just
alive in our you tend to vlog alright
let's go let's go let's go
so this is where the big stuff happens
guys they're on air right now we're
gonna go wait in that room and then it's
gonna be our turn to go live so let's go
let's do it
so check it out guys we are in the
backroom the live interviews are going
on over there if you see that something
with the next five minutes we should be
on we get turn around out here guys let
me write up so yeah we'll be on there
and it see how it goes
you're ready for this interview or what
no I'm ready I'm ready
major key to success you guys you know
we're tied right now we're whispering
this is not a whisper this is how my
voice sounds like 6:00 a.m. at 7 a.m. my
wake up sleeping at this stage is
sleeping webinar 5 hours come on so we
got Chris fate in the house going
welcome to Virgin Radio 104.5 pretty
Molly V grasses big Rossi and pretty
Malek nice to see you guys you guys we
get sent stuff do you guys want anything
my biscuits you hungry I'm good no see
what my more you got you know you don't
have any kids do you know Martha not yet
at least
Thursday morning with Usher it's crashed
right here on Virgin Radio 731 what is
going on it's the Chris face show we're
live across the UAE listen we've got a
little guest in the studio we do like a
a guy that gets like a million views
plus on anything that he puts up on
YouTube that's true my vlogs ladies and
gentlemen be honest with you be honest
with me you don't like waking up at this
time dealer that's my first time
first time since the age of seven having
a wake up this early
no thanks for coming in to the Virgin
Radio studios man so tell me how did you
get from just doing these little videos
yourself to the next thing you know
putting up videos getting a million
views hold on hold on is this going on
his blog now yeah you've got a you've
got an angle of big Rossy I don't want
Rossi's Eddie it's gonna get more
vanilla Rossi the vlogger you should
rather you should put that side and get
me in the blog I don't want that I'm
gonna have Rossi's heads out knowledge
we go honey how do you go from getting
just a little bit of use to getting a
million views on a video
honestly like I just had a couple videos
go viral so I want my first ones that
just popped up is I toilet paper in my
sister's Lamborghini like clearly and
our neighbors thought that we did on the
car cuz we just moved into the area and
they thought was vandalism so are these
people
you know nice area I'm putting toilet
paper on the Lamborghini nice new toilet
paper your sister's lumber yes how many
toilet rolls did you have to go through
you remember think of like 2030 did you
get anyone from the environmental
society going that is horrible
yeah like that is their technique cuz
you said it went viral
then I'm sure a lot of people who watch
youtube videos and talk about youtubers
and things like that oh they gotta be
doing something there's a secret they're
not sharing that's the thing a lot of
people say that yeah honestly man I
don't know like it's just natural okay I
want to keep I've got about a YouTube
channel that I don't know what I'm doing
with alright yeah so I need some advice
because I want to launch it today how do
I get I tried to get a name but you need
100 followers or something don't you
okay to get a name you do otherwise my
it was all this weird numbers sweet mom
yeah that's how you felt like verify
your name is oh so how do I do it now
what do I do I'm gonna just get people
to follow the shout out from all blogs
okay alright the link is on this video
hopefully the link
okay thank you right on the bottom and
then show you every day do you feel the
pressure of having to put out you must
wake up sometimes and just feel like I
don't want to do anything today I don't
want to put out any content but then
your fans and your followers are like
your mo you have to where's the video
the thing is I think Dubai is such like
beautiful see that like sometimes we
don't realize it yeah or you put videos
out showing the city everyone's like wow
like you guys are living here yo how old
are you you're not wanted I'm 21 get 21
yo I'm doing giveaway right now for a
camera look you the ways o everyday
that's awesome when I kick off my you to
turn I'm gonna give away Rossi's
position on the shot hold on yeah you're
done bye-bye it's a no sund what will
get someone else to do your position to
be great alright listen well done
congratulations on the 10 million
comeback the right of them will do it
again alright so because I'll get more
followers okay awesome
my blogs ladies and gentlemen well done
imagine that million views on a video
pretty crazy it's crazy stuff go check
out what what he does bald on 21 years
old
this is Virgin Radio 737 yeah yeah thank
you
alright see what's up pretty so close
it's so early you know I always I always
thought it was pretty like p r e t t y
PR ity alright yeah see I pretty the
pronunciation things growing up in the
States but is it your actual name pretty
pretty in the stage like they can't
really say it okay okay pretty and and
big is is big right first name big lays
big but that's I guess cool cool cool so
with the man himself Chris Bain we just
finished the interview get a wife we got
to get out now we got to get out let's
see you later come on thank you oh yeah
pleasure
Rajan Roy baby hi guys as you can see
right now we're in
reducing area I mean yeah what an
interview silence a huge shout-out to
Chris made pretty Malik and big Rossi
present you how is swag in there guys
I'm not sure if you can see by my face
but I was so stressed I was like okay do
not mess up guys yeah you have like
everybody into mine listening she
already right now in the UAE the UAE
else I okay boy Oh miss miss for like
having you yet interview have well guys
you know I love the cushion we take one
back from Emory I mean let's take it
really soon we are here let's do this
okay that's put it back let's go you did
not take your virginity oh that's crazy
that's crazy stuff and this is most
first ever radio it alright
we started it be yeah the biggest radio
gear biggest in this yet base in the
region erosion guys sir not make sense
five not with the boys and Imran is
bringing me to this restaurant yo look
at that guys there's like a bunch of
lobsters in these cages I'm not gonna
demonstrate the best part for us oh oh
geez okay that just makes a little worse
- guys I'm sorry so before we head out
here guys we actually sparked like a
really cool book in the bookstore check
this out I don't know what book this is
but it looks crazy guys so it's got like
this private lock to it then you open
out from here and then voila look at
that how much is this by the way three
thousand six hundred I you see the way
my bank account works I just I can't
spend that much on a book guy so yeah
let's go I've been to the board a few
times but this is my first time in the
private park right so everybody that
lives in the voyage has access to like
this private park over here and that
amazing view but apparently nobody uses
it guys it is literally just empty what
what hey
it's started guys check it out the show
continues whoa for now I'm heading out
because I'm going to a dinner right now
so we're gonna say goodbye to throw good
for now and we're gonna meet up very
soon again so yeah I just made it over
to the hotel guys but check this hotel
out pretty fancy in here anyways the
restaurants on the 22nd floor we're
gonna go up now and let's see what's up
so check it out guys we just made it
over here to the restaurant and it's got
pretty fancy menu so I'm just gonna be
honest I don't even know what half these
dishes are if you can see that so my boy
fatty actually ordered everything for us
and he just was like he was like okay
give us x two x three and so let's see
how is so while we're waiting for our
food I never knew they had this but
they've got like your show going on
where the two ladies don't yeah this is
crazy guys that's actually really
awesome you got like a new live show
over here not bad not bad
they've got like these spicy kitties
over here Moe's actually being a spy
sees things in the world he just took a
bite of it I got I got one but for the
yo-yo squad vomiting touched your face
is already turning red and you had a
time you by game game NASA decision you
know this is a bad idea I don't feel
like we should encourage her to do this
you can see then I go give a minute give
a minute it went down very smooth now if
you can
okay so that is the first dish what is
that fatty ordered yeah what is it
I think I just ordered your majesty your
Dada made you just like you know what I
was looking at when I was born out of
order you know I really love guys you
can actually turn this so when you want
to swap a meal out you can just keep
going or if you want to keep it away
from someone doing prawn crackers with
the sweet chili sauce and we have
funding chicken with a dark soya sauce
the next one is deep fried fish king so
I just tried all the appetizers guys and
out all of them my favor is something
you think I'd never eat it's this thing
like it's basically these Leafs inside
them is a piece of chicken and it tastes
so good look at it it kind of unravels
in there and that is nice
trust me like compared to all of that
this is my favorite feel like I'm in
Thailand right now
what is that instrument over there it's
called a an orca pian I've no idea no
clue that is really nice
and check it out this thing looks really
unique
it actually does some pretty fancy super
what yet I got the vegetable the
vegetable shipment did you all get the
vegetable she consumed our main courses
just got your water they last now we
have the Thai tradition of the finest
alum yeah food each other.i green mango
salad I like that well fati said he
ordered guys she meant it like we ain't
even done here oh we're not done we
still got some more dishes we still got
more this is just insane guys really
wanna so we just finished up with our
food guys actually we're not done yes
yeah we got the final course go to great
dessert arrive with you order oh you
know I've had fried but Roz in a minute
bro you look like a fried banana you
you're right before dessert we get fancy
hot towels guys Oh got you we got you
these got scared to the game be scared
oh my god Megan French which one is this
okay I have a question what what is that
one does what is this mom so while we
wait for the rest of our dessert guys I
thought come check out the rest of the
place they actually had a birthday going
on it just to get a tour she by the way
guys just just the heads of its my mom
and sisters birthday very student so as
happy birthday mama vlogs I might not do
this know what guys just for the boy I
want to see if I have any kind of soul
pretty sure you just hit it with this
Oh
oh snap keep going till they say you
stop no way that actually sounds good
right it's like you with the shooting
bro yes oh good I've got it on target
Meg I can kill them sorry
Wow hi there's more it's just piling in
this stink you're sticky
yeah Andrey's guys but now we are done
over here I want to say a huge thank you
to Nelson and the team for the
hospitality thank you guys so much
whoa it was amazing it was amazing I
only ate half your restaurant thank you
so much again thank you anyways let's go
flower I just want to say Mo's the only
time a guy to take a flower as a
souvenir and ei all right after he ate
like an 18 course meal I mean what the
hell right plus that wasn't even on the
table it was like in a fountain I waited
a kid took a piss and as always guys I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog here I hope
you have enjoyed by the way check it out
I'm in my sister's room and I just want
to say in case you guys are wondering
what happened to my big camera it is now
officially her so she's actually gonna
make her videos with it look at that
she's got like a lighting cell god damn
oh you know what there you go guys we're
in action by the way I just want to say
thank you so so much for the huge
support you've been leaving our
instagrams recently only both the link
started to go down below she's close to
300 K yeah I'm yeah I'm slacking behind
guys so hit your boy the follow on
Instagram and yeah I love you oh by the
way don't forget giveaway is going to be
announced at the end of this week for a
vlogging camera and the only rule is to
be subscribed so go ahead and press that
red button down below to subscribe
alright they also love you old yellow
yellow fine Oh
