yo everyone give morning welcome to
another vlog so I'm starting today off
nice and fresh
Imran should actually be here right now
he just texted me saying he's outside
again he is look at this
look who made it over here your IRA bro
you got to valet tickets so I see you're
spending a lot of money while in Dubai
even I like that I like that
the reason Oh Ron came by is if you guys
don't already know
he's like a professional photographer
and today he thought why not have more
modeling you know you're beautiful boy
mo we're gonna take some nice leaked
shots of me what what about the big lens
do I not deserve the big lens element
friend ah now you're calling me an
animal that is i okay we're gonna use it
for years old model what do you want
stuff we'll start with the tires outside
so would it be photography we didn't do
things different guys so um ron has a
vision right now some of you tell me if
you're thinking what I'm thinking
I lie down on my face coming out the
tire good enough that's a good picture
right a woman let me take a picture
without you Wow Wow you don't want me to
be in the fall okay boy what are you
doing
looks like us taking it done I want to
show you the struggles of photography in
the heat guys look at the amount of
humidity through my glasses you can't
even see on run that's how humid it is
it's like water
this is like the angular I take the
photo and I'll do it yeah yeah you're
gonna see it now this is cool the lie
down
solid I searched here right yeah no
Samia gnome-rh√¥ne just finished the
photoshoot we're actually gonna come
back for some more photos but right now
we're heading over to a meeting and then
we should be back so let's see how this
goes I might actually come home with
something very cool out this soap yeah
that is a BMW x6 limousine right now and
x16 what the hell so we just finished up
with our meeting guys Omron being the
typical white girl that he is as having
Starbucks
such a white girl you're having
Starbucks should like let's go have
something to eat and I was out let's go
have a meal he was like no we having
Starbucks I'm gonna die it anyways we
just finished the meeting it went well
and I brought a surprise for you guys
and I got something so I'll show you in
a bit awesome something really cool what
you get on Ron that was not last year
you see this now I know you're a
photographer you just wanted to come
here for the photo right it is great
right did you see in the photos we got
from the film the club and he said I
don't want to take a photo look the
first thing he's doing he'll see Wow
with the little filters on that girl's
face oh no damn oh they're to the
phone's here oh I just got myself
another subscriber guys what up what up
I hear you're funder step up check it
out you're gonna be on the video okay
thank you brother thank always thank you
so much yes I just gained another
subscriber I just gained another
subscriber so check it out guys Korean
finally met up with us it was actually
out work the whole day so as you can see
no comment no coin you know thank you so
telling us to come and pull the fire
alarm like you said please get me out of
here anyways this is why I got guys I'm
gonna go on books at home it's a really
crazy skateboard okay woah look at it
guys you already know what it is I can
AskMe yeah it has to be sideways all
right we're good to go
Rob let me see this bad boy I'm excited
see this but whoa all right
comedy unique actually just gave me a
free skateboard like an electric
skateboard so let's open this bad boy up
I mean it's pink kind of it's black and
pink okay because they match my personal
over the battery up see what's up look
at that but they give you tools and
stuff Tim whether this is actually for
right what some muscles man whoa this is
actually got personality from it I'm
gonna like things actually the rink is
banging yeah or they give you three cups
to ego yes exactly what I have ego there
okay remove it on this note just means
that you have read the operation manual
good oh look at that you press this
button
Oh sick bastard oh my god let's take it
outside it's just it works
number ready to go yeah uh okay
I can't bring in a car door
I go over it you can do it it's easy so
that thing's actually really smooth guys
it needs to be charged because at the
moment has no battery but check it out
very smooth he looks like a natural
anyways guys that is actually a really
dope skateboard we got speed another
Kareem's found some different approach
to use this apparently right so far away
I look at this guy's so while I fit
forth you're gonna buy me a new camera
roads like I saw every break series
Ryrie new one why did you come back pass
it back to so creams actually got the
controller in his hand right now that I
have nothing he's the one adjusting the
speed hello come closer come on oh no
it's so sudden
okay there you go guys whoa you got this
come go go you know you go jogging me at
this you can try you I don't know what
I've been told
cream she is a lazy guy yeah so we just
had a gang pull up to us guys and
they're taking us hostage and they
wanted to give a shout out to their
friends so shout out to your keen dev
and darshan ah you won't kill me alright
I can't be run room peace out hey we're
quickly gonna actually put the electric
skateboard inside to charge up that was
super dope major key now I know I like
all the like top you to is that case
nice that Jesse why don't say oh a
skateboard that's so funny
we're gonna leave this to charged I have
to be fast so he's going down yeah the
struggles of modeling look how much I'm
swaying look out this has to burn off to
this
is actually going down so let's quickly
move this car into position or it good
to go
so right now for the photoshoot guys I'm
literally just sitting on Ron is telling
me what to do on the phone I literally
just like I'm Ron whenever you say
something I did Rev but this area hates
me so I don't I don't think that's a
good idea
but okay man I don't have my camera yeah
do you want to ride home
Thank You Man I can't walk home you're
good yeah I'm good I'm sure I want to
burn some calories
I speak yeah check this up my bro is
here actually oh yeah yeah my sister was
just or how did she rise you my sister
resort to KFC yet when they said yeah
like wait are you Lana from Hamas and
the thing is you love KFC guys how the
hell you called somewhere ending
recognizing that's so mean
are you Lana from oh blogs I know more
love that spicy chicken you're like a
camp C fun and there's long ago guys
they know me I'm officially going to get
sponsored soon yeah a facade haha con
care see call me I'm ready I'm ready for
this unlimited source I deserved that by
now give it to me I just want to say one
thing in regards to this board guys so
we just realized it wasn't going slow
because of the battery Kareem found the
button and I was in turbo mode there's
two modes turtle and rabbit which is the
boss Don and your boy put internal ones
I'm sorry
don't worry it's charging up right now
so we will use the later on just to show
you the full power but I missed ugly fat
it was going like at the beginning when
it didn't leak way faster yeah
I'm excited round pump to see the rabbit
mode by the way let me know the
conversation is this a thing Imran and
Karim want to watch a two-hour live
stream of Apple Laila it's a thin um
excuse me anything going on to YouTube
see use red luxury yeah okay okay
nothing I understand life should because
you're gonna get people watching with
you it's kind of like a community but
like we're seeing our whole like I just
watching this little if you actually do
this I'm guessing like that's my home
you know I know I said like the videos
are like you see it you're going to get
gas engine we're gonna play some FIFA
then watch the livestream and see what
you don't come to those things away
we'll be watching the life live life
through the live stream so our food just
got here guys so we couldn't play fifa
but check it out we're having shots
right now with the boys the Apple thing
just started guys 2,000 years later it's
finally that time Kareem's been live
streaming this for an hour do time for
the phone guys we've now sold over a
billion Oh money money money
we don't even need to do the iPhone
seven more test any morning so good get
it up
I just wanna say this guys it is okay
but in my hovel watchman's at what is
amazing I don't know how people watch
this for an hour and a half late in fall
edition but behind it all say that right
I'm gonna go okay I just want to say
this is probably the most interesting
thing that happens the seven-plus has
two cameras as the wide-angle estimation
is one mini matter to me time for the
earphone time for the rods
whoa and those are wireless Wow okay
that's impressive
now that's impressive I'm not gonna lie
this is the most impressive mark so far
y'all look at how it looks like on your
face guys that's crazy
you're gonna see me review that first
thing you gotta try this out yo Kareem
can you hear me we need to my video I'll
be down the 16th of September and it's
available i if we can see a new a please
please please we're gonna stand in line
we got this okay well you guys know the
video on that day standing of getting to
not maybe 160 wise
no 161 $60 done whitening why I'm still
buying I'm sorry they ripped me off I
understand you ripped me off battle but
I'm doing yeah you know that you up but
you're gonna bite
okay so Karima no Ron are just about to
leave but we thought would test out the
skateboard because it fully charged just
a little better just just to take my
skateboard that's definitely not
possible
go for it guys look at it Oh gonna see
that okay let me try I'm tell you right
now it's got kick you're not like these
 in a YouTube video yeah it's got
kick I feel nervous or just be easy Wow
Wow is that the one like we need it is
basketball
which one this is so boss this is so fun
honestly this is so quick you don't even
realize that
shaking on it for four you know what
this guy decided to leave us with his
camera so we're going home he smoked I
honestly did not know um Ron's Porsche
was that loud
as always guys um to wrap up today's
Loki I hope you have enjoyed I just want
to say one thing before I end today's
logs currently 2:00 a.m. I have to wake
up at 6 a.m. and tomorrow I'm going on
my first ever interview it's a live
interview on virgin radio which is like
again almost broke my phone which is one
of the biggest radio stations here in
Dubai and I am sweating bricks right now
you guys don't know how stressed I get
when something is lying secondly today I
actually got a free board which is
pretty dope I just want to say I'm
telling you guys it was free and the
reason I say that a lot of times like
people are like youtubers get everything
for free and stuff like that guys okay
when you're youtuber I have to be honest
a lot of times you do get free stuff but
at the end of the day that's not why
youtubers do it like honestly you guys
know I was vlogging for six months with
less than a thousand subscribers which a
lot of people actually don't know it
took me six months to hit 1,000 subs so
it's just so surreal to reach a point in
your job to be just getting crazy stuff
for free and cool it your work so I just
want to say how much I appreciate you
guys and for that reason I do try and
give back to you guys as much as I can
as well you guys already know most of
you do anyways I'm running a giveaway or
I'm giving you guys a blood camera and
all you have to do is be subscribed and
you're in it so yeah I just thought I'd
mention that to you guys because I just
appreciate you guys supporting your boy
yeah anyway stay awesome I love you all
please wish your boy luck for tomorrow's
radio interview you guys don't even know
how nervous I am
don't worry we got this Timo blogs in
the building let's do this aye
yellow yellow and press the like button
for good luck boy
