do what you gotta do is cool
goes down in the deal go now you go down
and feel
yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today I'm actually going
to head over to meet a youtuber kind of
/ businessman if you guys don't know him
I'm meeting yeah demise today I know
he's shining from yea demise and today's
the day I get my new car basic knee he's
like a huge car wrapping person in the
UK he's wrapped like a size car a bunch
of footballers and celebrities and I'm
meeting a reason to buy I think it's his
last day here so without further ado
let's go and see what's up I'm coming
for ya demise let's do this
alright guys so check it out here is ya
device I just met up with them I'm also
here with the boy
f at DTV gonna boot up what they call me
young Abu down first things first we
brought you an amide or to the slingshot
are you ready listen we're in Dubai this
is your hometown so I'm looking forward
to seeing what you got planned for time
let's go guys first person on the
slingshot guys is Janna you ready for
this
not really see she's got his Yeezys on
his also if they're flying off your best
catch them Craig almost get a tool no I
will see you'll see all right that's all
here comes the consent form guys all
right Annie he ready really just a quick
shine away of your life and you're good
to go
you'll tell me someone fell out just
getting better this in it all the time I
let go what happens I'll tell you what
they're well trained here do what you
gotta do
give me some new Underpants please my
this feeling ever hang of a lot I didn't
expect that it's scary right
mad mad scary yeah it's just the power
of speed thanks very much
well very good never again okay I'm
telling you that is the g-force when you
fly to the top I'm like wow my turn to
go up guys yeah knees gonna take over
the vlog three gap I'm going to continue
with this Martha you need to me you
sunglasses your bag there's going a hi
I'm my vlogs
hi I'm more vlogs my blog this is what I
do mo are you ready
that was a little bit scary somos about
to go up here with the agenda that's a
bit mad I'm what we were gonna lie you
do all the time my lives in divide it's
not for London okay so it's a bit
different for me I'm used to going fast
in cars but going up
I usually go that way going up so a
different thing how'd you like Deez Nuts
my friend he's lighter than me to send
him higher oh my just looking at that
still gives me chills so open up Mo's
beam up so how many times you've done
this 3 3 times really is that all awful
that man knows he knows he's level with
this guy Hey
Hey so you quickly come to eat something
with Yanni and this is going to be my
first time going to this place they've
got like a lot of cool things I they
deliver your food on like a little truck
thing I don't know it's really unique
all right we made it guys we made it
thus it's our first time here guys we
have no idea what to order so yeah he's
going through the menu right now so
these are cool sliders non-veg okay
we're not about the healthy lifestyle
now that's not us that's not us all I
know is we got our drinks inputs like I
know that sounds weird right now okay I
mean like Glasper yes hey guys all I
really want everything we got YouTube
monies I still get them right we just
ordered some food guys before you guys
roast me I meant to say abuse the drink
comes in a bruise off okay daddy
is actually posting that slogan this
channel to guys so let's see it's gonna
be great we come out free though I
didn't really know six my man Clinton is
bringing the drink what is that
that's what's up the food look girl that
guys we got the mini boot in the house
these people many definitely not poison
it's gotta whoa look at ow I don't
know the chicken just got here this is
the truck I was talking about
you trust it go for it
one why they give me
that's coffee Yandy might be having the
coffee eyes but I'm having the steam is
he laughing I better drink I can no
there you go my boot just got here look
at it that's much better
everything here guys comes in some sort
design check this out we got the Wagyu
sliders
they came on a tree like this game from
the middle of the forest straight to us
right now
we're popping bottles right now we're
popping bottles right now loot you money
just champagne out here the next dish
just got here guys and it rolled up in a
telephone box like I wouldn't be
surprised is the next dish gonna come in
a UFO no no that's it that's all the
surprises we get okay check it out guys
this is how they do the bill with us
guys such a long meal we have to type it
out by the way guys shout out to my
young you recognize the channel peace
out also shout-out to Clinton man he was
helping us out with ordering a peace out
seelix alright the lasso so many of you
keep on timing guys where am I going
back to London and I know the vlog is
suddenly cut but me and Yanni just made
it we're in London boys so I don't want
to see you guys it's actually my first
time here and it's just so cool like I
never knew they had all of these things
and I think like it's being still built
up because a lot of the stores are
closed unless is really cool that
literally looks like London we're
actually gonna do that one data yeah
sure that day in London London I'll show
you London where we going now
Bentley showroom the branch bank
showroom frenzy bites down since I'm
look i buying belly but that's your okay
Bentley shopping with the otherwise
there we go guys
so right now we're inside Bentley guys
it's actually my first time here and
check it out we're having a little tour
this thing makes so luxurious guys so
this is the brand new you guys should
know this the four-wheel drive Bentley
Mantega is that how you pronounce I
think you do but this is the elevator
right now this is the lift the Bentley
lift car hey Ana my eyes are sleeping
right now guys I like that
alright guys we just made it here check
it out
so which way do we go not magic room I
do magic door I like that oh wow where
the magic systems here has because of
those as a storyline what's the story
behind this blue here well I'll tell you
okay so the magenta the way it was born
we sent one of our salespeople to a
Saudi princess obviously there's a bag
of samples that he takes
she looked through the colors she wasn't
happy that she's like not helping me out
help me out look sir you know the nail
polish atom she's like I want this color
so guess your highness we can just give
us the bottle she's like nice my last
bottle give me give me her name she goes
she she paints his nail he goes back to
the factory scrapes off the nail polish
and the magenta
no way is that a true story well that's
a great story
that's it did you hear that as well
that's a bit like me like with the rose
gold on my card three two what oh I like
that we did it so this is some of the
interiors on the bent-knee guys on the
colors they have biani which one are you
buying me today pink for you may think
for me yeah I'll take you I'd take it
so is this is a Sequoia by me you know
what coffee you might not show you that
it's over there whole floor is is a
one-off so every car you see here
there's one off one everything on this
floor is one of one all these families
that the only ones made like that so
this one this orange one that you see
here this orange a white one of one
again I like this combination this to me
very black works all day long anyways
guys for now we're probably heading out
I just have to show you this Bentley one
more time Yanni what is your final
thought listen moose on is a moose on
the tell him it's a 2016 club with a
2017 bumper on it leaving out yet we can
like excuse it look to these roots me
fish so we're going into their VIP room
right now guys oh oh is this where they
wait when they're like collecting their
car or we this is my president's top
guests thank you guys thank you thank
you president Yan demise president yeah
no I happy very important to take heed
on the gun I'll stay here to bed yes the
sleep here wait break the lift sit down
I will sleep on it
we actually just learned something
really cool about this soul there's a
safety feature in this so when you crash
check this out guy interesting fact
watch this BAM it goes down and this is
to prevent the guy you're hitting let's
say this doesn't want to go into their
belly or anything so it's like a safety
feature because of the whole front grew
into a
tons of cause I'm gonna kill you but
that could be that could BAM goes down
in the VF it goes down in the feel it go
down and feel but now we're heading out
thank you for the man for giving us the
tour around the place my pleasure
any remedy guys to whatever I buy my
bender you already know it's coming from
him but yeah
visa this is safe by the way in case you
didn't see him what's up what's up Eddie
got in the eye a peace offer amazing car
here we gotta get here we go again
special now let's do this okay come on
this always teases me I always go in
through the baby seat side so you guys
should know this car very very well by
now the amazing blue of entr√≥ Yanni
he's checking the rapid I let me see let
me see
we're actually taking this bad boy for a
spin right now yeah he's going to be
driving me so doors up guys ready to
patrol the street
let's go boys
bad boys bad boys what you gon do
evening icicles
oh my god
Oh
right up the rooftop with T is why
it's no
they're crazy otherwise you're crazy
yeah he's on another level bro maybe I'd
like his golden baby I'm playing we just
showed up to my boys place and he was I
hear your that's amore take take it I
don't care it's just an Aventador I got
it seriously
everywhere is we're heading back right
now with the beast guys I don't want to
take you back I'm gonna want up original
by the way guys while we're in this car
watch oh yeah nice one check it out
he's got the Richard mill this is
actually limited one of 50 right it is
damn over 100,000 pounds guys that
YouTube money is that YouTube yeah a
little it's about me speed about you
check like that I'm to fly
time to fly
oh we made it
that's it right here Henry's guys for
now Yanni is heading out awesome awesome
day man great having you on the blog
we're gonna do more guys I'm heading out
to London soon okay maybe the next year
so we're out there there's crazy stuff
guys for now for yourself being sick my
thing having people are that well man we
go to London he's coming with look there
alright freeze I'm wrapping my Mustang
with an alligator
please well super super awesome day with
Yanni today was actually his last day in
device so we have to do something
I'm just here to pick up my car as you
can see oh we left to here the whole day
we betrayed my car to go in the Lambo
but anyways let's head up home now catch
you guys to the rest of the vlog
actually been such a long time since
I've come to the food court to eat guys
like we keep on going for like you're
the fancy restaurants and not red enough
lab just been so many times and friends
and stuff now say you know what I'm
going to root for having some fried
unhealthy food nice I like looking at
people I know that sounds that sounds
really weird I don't know I just you
like just snooping not snooping I just
like seeing everybody and like powder -
lucky I sound like a psychopath right
now and is I'm gonna eat right now I
catch you guys doctor adios both
all right no more punching the camera be
a weird angle I know but I just finished
pumping my gas guys a great day seeing
you two sitting ah okay thank you I just
finish pumping my gas guys and the guy
recognized the channel success as only
got another I'm home in a wrap up
today's vlog here while I was out this
package came for me it says fragile on
this I hope it's not broken because
normally whatever fragile gets to me
breaks but you know we're still hoping
for the best for ya guys I just want to
say keep you guys updated the end of
this week is when I pick the Xbox one
winner because I've just been so busy so
stay tuned for that the only rule is to
be subscribed so make sure you subscribe
right now if you want to have a chance
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
today was amazing anyways yelling other
guys buh-bye whoa
