yo yo good morning everyone what is up
welcome back to another video how are
you doing how are you doing everybody
today's actually a really beautiful day
life you guys look into the sky right
now check this out
Wow Wow it is it's amazing like it is
perfect today
and here's right now to start the day
off I'm actually gonna go over to my
friend Raschid I'm sure you guys know
him aka divides richest kid AGA the
goldish oh yeah we're gonna go over to
him and you know let's have some fun
oh yeah or taking the fur are you guys I
missed this car honestly I actually
don't even drive my Ferrari as much as
I'd liked you guys like I just never get
the time to take this car out so yeah
let's go hope some fun I think my mom's
coming out to complain about me revi I'm
sorry I'm sorry
I love annoying my mom it is so fun
right now we just made it over to see my
boy rock shirt is here we're starting
out the day by eating this kid always
eats like he never messaged me for
anything I said yo bro let's go and eat
why I so right now he quickly came over
to the restaurant to eat but look who I
just ran into
I literally just ran into her right now
she was at the same exact spot and if
you guys remember she has that amazing
voice from last time we'll go one day
like me and you yeah sure you think
we're on like the same level of singing
look at what rock she just ordered down
is this all for you it's all North sure
exactly what's happening right now
but there's a lot of music and there's
guys with drumsticks and bins so let's
change ourselves
no it's actually snowing right now so
basically the show just finished and I
think they have fake snow going on Oh oh
my god who ordered this that's the
question wrong you see what I mean
Sondra he never stops ok so right now we
just finished eating our food and they
came up to us Sondra what just happened
right now basically they brought this
dessert and Ross had only ate the
marshmallows on top he didn't touch the
dessert he said oh you know it was
amazing and he hasn't even had one bite
SMO told me I'm responsible for his
block today I'm just gonna show you guys
around
we came here to chill Wow guys she was
vlogging read your blog here sucks smoke
coming out of this thing guys check it
out this guy is gonna cover it in fog
right now
okay so right now he clearly came over
to the sneaker store you know what's
crazy
look at what they have okay I'm not sure
this is a real product what guys they
have like this weird tire suitcase thing
like what is this oh and it's really
heavy oh my god guys I'm gonna check if
they actually sell this because this is
cool okay so we just found out this is
actually a real suitcase guys it's a
watch inside this thing so check this
out okay why why is there a pump in here
what is the pump do I don't know what is
like a real tire or something that
explains why it's so heavy and stuff so
what you actually have to fill this with
that your shop is confusing just like a
design like something original that they
like you hang it somewhere anyways guys
that is a super super cool watch
honestly the crazy thing is there's only
30 of these in the world guys so this is
number nine of thirty raw is
getting Turkish ice cream right now
so right now we just finished up in city
wok we actually just said goodbye to
Sandra it was really cool seeing her we
did she just wait okay anyways was right
now he just finished up in city wok it
was actually really cool seeing Sandra
like we just ran into another youtuber
so that's break yeah like we were like
she joined us a little bit but now she
left here's the thing right now guys
it's time to go reveal our oceans new
car
no guys just the last time we're seeing
Washington the vlogs all he talks about
in front of everybody even especially
girls it's like look how white my teeth
this I look out yellow Moses anyways a
guy like he is the worst wingman ever
for anything like you just never helped
us enjoy anyways right now we're heading
over to deal's off I don't know why we
always go there guys but let's go let's
go Jamie's gonna buy a new car guys I
might be buying a new car but I can't
tell you why because it's a surprise all
right oh okay so I just made it here
guys and you know what I've realized
they have a lot of cars here today like
a lot more than usual Bugatti Bugatti
Ferrari Enzo this is new guys check it
out down I'd literally just came here to
see my friend but he's actually not here
so yeah we're heading straight back out
guys before I leave I'm not sure if you
guys noticed look whose cars here hey
the supreme Ferrari is actually here
guys so yeah stay tuned my boy rock
shirt is getting a new car soon so the
supreme Ferrari is gone and the new car
is coming soon
hi guys so right now I'm trying to go
home how do I go through it bro guys
there's a truck broke in the haul road
I'm a Ferrari I can't go in the sand so
right now I'm trying to go home
and there's legit truck blocking the
road the guys telling me to go on the
sand and add a Ferrari bro yeah the guy
came out yeah no but I don't think I
don't want to go off-roading in a
Ferrari guys if I get stuck I'm doomed
there's another car going shy shy just
swallow
guys this is the biggest bro i'll get
stuck I swirl get stopped if I get stuck
ten thousand we're gonna go in the sand
we're gonna go off-roading in a Ferrari
this is the dumbest thing ever
oh so we are finally back home right now
so I'm a quickly change into something a
bit more comfortable whoa much better
oh yeah right now me a rock should
quickly came outside and I'm not sure
how many if you guys remember this we're
going for a ride on my electric scooter
right now recording on a ride with the
actually scooter bro just don't fall I
swear we'll break arms I do not try to
rush it one bit bro you're gonna be nice
straight gonna make us fall you're gonna
hey bro I sweat no no seriously don't do
this doesn't know what he's doing
no Bryce swear we're gonna die no drop
me
the right now rocket is about to race
electric scooter versus kind of like
three two one go fish I don't know what
the hell we were thinking so for now we
are saying goodbye to Russia peace out
spud the camera piece so right now I
just said goodbye to my boy Russian it's
actually currently the next day now
here's the thing if you guys watched
yesterday's video you would know that
currently I have 50,000 dollars in ten
dollar notes now the thing is yesterday
I went to deposit this money but I have
a slight little problem the bank doesn't
like to touch it because yeah yeah this
is a dumb idea
I actually need to go and convert this
to Durham's which is our local currency
but at the meantime I need to check that
this is actually fifty thousand dollars
because when I bought it from the
exchange I never checked like they
literally just gave it to me like this
so right now we're at home counting
fifty thousand dollars yeah so this is
correct so far I've counted three
thousand dollars all right let's go
is that more satisfying close look look
at the money being counted guys look at
this Jam of my money it has always been
my brother's dream to count money like
he wanted to work as an accountant when
he was younger and said I want to just
work for a billionaire and sit there
counting his money all day long so this
kind of his dream come true this is guys
my sister is telling you the truth my
dream job was to work at a bank
accounting just so I could count the
money the whole day anyways oh joy I
decide as always a wrap up today's vlog
here I just thought I'd let you know the
dilemma listen guys it is not a good
idea to take out big amounts of money in
change okay so do not try that at home I
had an idea with the money but now it's
just it failed so as we wrap up today's
vlog here let me know what I should do
with this money I shouldn't do a really
cool video maybe something where I prank
people in public I don't know bigger
guys for now I'm actually gonna go and
exchange the money to put it in my bank
account but yeah if you have any cool
ideas I will go get the cash out again
so make sure you take the receipt with
you bro
yeah I need to take the receipt guys
because this this looks like some really
yeah this is a legal thing if you have
enjoyed smash to like button I am going
to be giving away one of these stacks
and stay tuned I'm announcing the iPhone
X winner very soon so if you guys still
wonder with the iPhone X subscribe down
below drop a like and comment why you
want to win it and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow yeah leo
