here goes nothing guys three - yo yo
everyone good morning and welcome to
another vlog so what about to show you
is one of the most satisfying things
you're gonna see on the internet so grab
your pens your popcorn and let's get
started with this challenge what the
hell was that
so to see what I'm about to you need
three simple things guys number one
you're gonna need some food dye
yeah this stuff guys just some regular
food guys number two this one's gonna be
quite a weird one guys
they're gonna need some ear buds yes and
the last thing you want to grab guys is
some milk so just go ahead grab it out
the fridge and then you're good to go
but there's one thing I forgot guys
you're gonna need some washing deeply
what would you do this for dishwashing
liquid that's it now this is time you
want to fill up like a plate with some
milk all right it's not spill is this
actually gonna blow your mind
yeah okay so all you want to do is you
just want to add some food coloring into
the milk guys I know this seems very
weird at the moment to you guys but
trust me trust me this is what you need
to do okay all right that I should hear
so good okay
take your earbud you put it in the
dishwashing liquid and are you ready to
witness magic
okay check this out this is what you see
on Instagram all the time guys three two
one oh my goodness oh boy that's crazy
right ass thank you crazy look at that
guy's
let's do it yeah did that work I told
you I told you guys it was crazy I told
you it's crazy so long is gonna do it
let's see if she can do as good as me oh
I'm sorry that's good that's good yeah
as middle as you can but it's alright
what am I supposed to do with this all
you do now is you poke it yeah poke your
Evernote whoa Wow come on
you
I poked in the middle of that super
works
oh wow you're such a fail you're such a
fail guys look at that
there's the weird bubbles coming out
that is so weird
it looks like the Maltesers coming out
rolling there's actually bubbles rolling
off the sir what what rest and peace my
blue galaxy whoa blue blue down the
drain 50 down it goes better than in the
net the net renessa move this time we're
going to double up okay guys ready three
two one
York a moment that is the most
satisfying thing ever guys there you go
guys I swear this just started reacting
with itself
what the hell what we're not doing
anything it's moving what what is
happening I swear this is so freaky guys
we're not doing anything like that thing
is just filming myself of a loud yo is
that my voice is making something happen
we're taking this to the next level
right now guys so what if this stuff was
pretty cool but my sister had just come
up with an invention it's good the multi
here but tool okay we're just calling it
that so what we're doing is we're gonna
make this thing and attach like four or
five different earbuds to it and then
make them all go down into the milk at
the same time so we made this voodoo
looking thing guys but there's one
problem we thought if we put this into
the milk that middle place is going to
block out all the reaction so we're
going to put that to the side for now we
might need it don't throw it but now
we're making version two so we thought
why not make something empty in the
middle stick it all around the edge and
then we have an empty top to look
through okay here we go guys
you guys are literally about to witness
history right now never seen this been
done before and it's finally going to
happen today so here goes nothing guys
three two one
that was cool that was actually so cool
that turned out so much better than
expected
look at that having its many reactions
in there I've never seen that been done
before make sure to smash it like button
if you learn something new today try it
out for yourselves that turned out
awesome not turned out
seriously on Sundays because we're all
about art in this family my sister
brought piece of paper you want to see
if we can put that on the piece of paper
you ready let's see did this work oh
damn damn son kind of now you messed up
the whole thing okay you don't impress
too hard you actually got a nice print
over there
it's like abstract art guys we're making
out sky art right now wow this is
definitely abstract we can sign these in
Senate our plan yeah I'm short guys we
won this hit the like button if you want
one of those tell me this does not look
like something you see in a criminal lab
like you know when they hang up the fake
money or something like this looks so
weird
so it's actually been a long time since
I've watched the war show gone and it
looks really cool every single time guys
anyways we came over to the mall because
actually number one I want to eat and we
didn't have any food ready at home so I
want to have like some nice chicken or
something and number two I was gonna buy
something but now I forgot why I was
gonna buy which is a pretty big fail oh
my god
you guys won't even believe what just
happened so I saw somebody will fight
and I was like I know this guy I know
this guy so I'm not sure if you guys
know Sagna he's a footballer from
manchester see I'm pretty sharp unless
he's change teams like yeah I'm not up
to date with football guys but I just
saw footballer and his wife won't buy me
and I was like smiling cuz I was like
I've recognized his face and after he
fully went by I was like and Sanur the
footballer and now I lost him I don't
even know where he is I really wanted to
meet him I think we lost him I'm so sad
guys I came into the expensive section I
was like eh he's the footballer he might
be here you might be spending another
honey I can't find him I don't know
where it is we learned a good lesson
today in life you get one shot make it
count like I could have gone up to him
said hi he was literally walking in
front of me nobody else and I was too
shy and I missed my shot but it's all
right it's all good because I mean we
mistaking you for the football ever it's
all good at least we still get our food
oh wow it's really hot
no I love to do every single time on the
bill I just love to be annoying so I'm
gonna write YouTube just make sure they
know check out my channel more blogs
there we go
check out this boy which I just found
it's absolutely crazy so it's this like
walking thing this guy walks and he can
shoot guns so check it out so this is
the controller as you can see and then
when you hold it you goes forward and
that's like a little gun that shoots
soft bullets you know what guys this toy
is actually really really cool so I'm
gonna buy it and play with our home it's
like so crazy like it actually shoots
really fast I actually found another
really cool toy guy so this might look
like a normal toy gun no it's actually
not so basically if you guys see that
there's this insect right and if I shoot
to the left nothing happens if I shoot
to the right nothing happens if I
actually shoot him he'll die you ready
to die no on for now we are heading off
home guys bought myself a cool little
toy okay well my mom's checking the food
guys as prank let's Rev
now those back home guys this is garbage
maitre d car ready beautiful show them
show them you're cooling this are you
looking it look like somebody had
explosive diarrhea on Oh paper I'm just
trying to figure out which way around we
would like put these on the wall yeah I
don't think they're going on the wall
I'm sorry I just wanted to like talk to
you guys one-on-one watch my brothers
over there working I wanted to apologize
you guys I haven't been on the vlogs
recently but I've actually been working
on some new videos and my brother does
too right
get the basic I'm rolling it right away
I'm making videos to come come over here
guys yeah no more gobble I'm sorry no
because I hear comments and you're like
where's Lorna and I fought really bad
and I was absurd to be good mommy mommy
mom your son is being horrible you'll
see me back again mommy I can't get what
I was saying guys all right yeah yeah we
got subscribe I used you're gonna see
something you content on my channel but
it's like yang sung okay it's not like
blogging it's like some stuff about
beauty and yeah steam bubbles it's gonna
maybe get the head off come on push
oh my god bubbles not you also okay so
this thing walks that shoots Oh God are
you wait black box and shoots a gun so
that's what I like shoots like fake
right
no actually shoots like do uh what about
house in safety moment over check this
bad
pointing out guys what is that that
looks like a spider it is are you
kidding me
this isn't it hey this looks like you
know what movies you know those movies
they have like whoa that's a lot of
stuff wait
literally I'm wool is that the bullets
that looks like it okay screwdriver sets
on its way moment let's go go go
embrace my new shoes ambiance be speed
here I'm assuming a small 100 man the
whole contents of this is gone in the
box oh that's great so I just finished
putting this bad boy together here is
nothing Lana hasn't seen what this thing
can do so I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure she doesn't know
there's actually one more thing we
didn't try in the mold there's one more
type of gun a hat so let me go get the
ammo for that this is the second thing
guys I'm not sure what this is supposed
to be let's go off to the cats come come
come I am coming for you
dear honey Oh
anyways there you go guys the battery
right now ah okay I guess you guys are
going to see more of this tomorrow I'm
going to leave it to charge up but this
is literally the coolest toy ever
yeah literally I guys I don't understand
is a laser like you can attach a laser
so I see so this is an absolute monster
guys for now I'm gonna put this away
yeah that is my new hey okay so it's
super super late right now guys I'm
gonna call it quits I'm gonna go to bed
but before I do I just want to show you
that my sister actually still believes
that what she made is art and now it's
all over a cabinet guys she signed it
she signed it as long arose I'm not sure
how well you can see that's tiny but
there you go so justjust for them
billionaires that are watching the vlog
how much would you sell this for dollies
buying it but yeah how much should you
buy sell it for I mean a set um say
minimum $30,000 the whole set
well you heard it there guys killer
prices killer deals that's actually a
very good price add to it you know I'll
be serious
very cheap prices I'll frame this and
I'll deliver - yeah I've got I've got a
way to make it easy guys mean you're
delivering more together oh yeah I'll
take my door and I'll give insurance
okay stop trying to sell your rubbish
and we're trying to sell you everything
this house get the cupboard you're not
taking my car sorry no no listen you get
everything inside it organized in here
okay I'm
until another clump I stay awesome I
love you I'll catch you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo boy
