wait no nice nice you got it I'm a pro
yo-yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so yesterday as you saw
me and the boys were hanging around and
we kind of tossed them idea around to go
shooting today and it's actually
happening so right now I'm going to be
driving like one hour over to Abu Dhabi
to go and shoot some guns I'm not sure
what type we're doing clay shooting
something we're doing something guys so
I'll see you guys on the way and yeah
let's go first song and it's purple
Lamborghini today is gonna be a good day
boys good day okay so check it out I
quickly stopped at a petrol station
because Linden is actually meeting with
me here and I think I see his car so
yeah guys he's trying to run me over
you rise you're so close to my foot you
guys didn't see that he was so close to
it anyways guys want to continue on the
way there now he needs to go follow
Linden cuz he actually knows the way
better than me I'm hoping so let's go
and catch you guys in Abu Dhabi
ha ha ha
so after one and a half hours we finally
made it over to Abu Dhabi and as you can
see Linden is picking up his new car
today so the s-class it actually matches
you bro actually does match you okay
whose is it though goons or Linden's
guys guess down in the comment section
you're both like what the hell is he
making up the main man himself came out
what are you doing huh so the next half
an hour we should be going shooting guys
what type of guns we have by the way I
don't even know what type of shooting
we're going is it clearing like this so
you got cliff you want to try snipers
you know snipers like machine guns that
that's normal here like alright guys
I've actually never it's real guns right
yeah I've never sure actually I have
shot a pistol before but that's it so
for now we're heading out nobody
actually won the FIFA game but are we
going in this car though we're gonna be
much later it sounds good wait are you
all going in one car yeah I know how do
you find that because because it wants
somebody can sit here we are happy where
we are we are ahead up being a control
freak and go drive
about being a control freak and go drive
okay Oberon is DJ today is for the
person you know what are you doing every
single peg in one in any way shape will
run give me shit some always hang just
pay the music so here we are guys we
just made it over to the shooting place
apparently the space is like its own
Island right Island that's what Kareem
was saying you're lying
this is on item is on I Joyce Yan water
weight that you said I used any type
like the size of the night ah this place
definitely does not look like a shooting
place that looks really fancy resort
that's one and here we are
dad dad dad that a dad after so happy
cuz he's gonna work for us as his I I'm
gonna show them how to shoot I'm so in
two years so okay so we actually have to
sign a paper before they die let's go
shooting guys and your boys gonna be the
most trust I think they need to do a
background check on this picture just
look at it what is this for the wall my
signing your signing that you're you're
not gonna shoot someone with a gun
Wow okay you're not stealing bullets so
we just came inside and downstairs is
where the shooting is going on if you
can hear that
so um Ron's taking me to look do we need
oh jeez okay it's getting louder it's my
first time at one of these places
hello great you got shooting are you
good at this I didn't know
although look at her
then I'm not messing with her look at
this guy's 300 meters sniper range and
clay shooting okay seems pretty safe out
there seems pretty safe out there so
inside here they have like an archery
place check this out Oh
flex flex 10 lakh yeah I'm scared I'm
just gonna pop in Reno right if I
happens let's go abort mission abort
McCain guys we're taking the buggy to
the shooting range right now guys oh
just make sure to duck by the way in
case you really no no I meant for the
shots oh my god we might coming oh god
yes it was a Hummer like car golf cart
Todd is here you see it fine but alive
as you can see we've got them following
us and behind guys all right and now we
made it over here so this is the clay
pigeon house we had this whole house to
shoot from which is pretty cool we go
upstairs
you've got our little range for
ourselves it's like really really nice
and private
so let's go and check it out you're
shooting now here please we call with
this kind of gun it's called over an
underbelly broken action shotgun ah so
that's what oh you just changed no what
do you mean Tim you put something on
there alright thank you so much thank
you thank you five shots boys
how can I see a couple fully loaded now
oh this could kill you let's go guys
right now all right
you can hear us right no why no buck you
lyin why are you always lying
oh my god stop fuckin lyin so we have to
wear these like soundproof whoa
okay that feels really different out
guys I'm not hello hello yeah close it
close it I'm Patel are you shooting I
don't broke brother man he said not to
do that he said not to Jay said point it
down I told you that you are getting
safety instruction before this way sweet
brother bro bro bro you don't even don't
mess with me he's got rounds he's got
rounds okay when your gun is on your
shoulder and when you ready you must
shout pull you in a bull you go out
there's something in the air but is so
smart who I'd never seek you shall pull
for like all of it whoa any other
questions much money say you are one of
the most smoothest Peapod ever seen on
camera it's just so smooth I'm a man on
a mission today we're gonna start
playing pigeon shooting
I know Linden says he's doing better I'm
not going I thought this is behind the
building we got was about bullets to
life that's all sir you can do it good
luck he just called it a bullet everyone
gonna comment it's a cartridge mode the
cartridge odd you see that you have the
be shooting + heaven Hey
you just break up man that's there you
go
when the radio called for it oh wait now
nice nice
you got it yes haha I'm a pro Paul hey
nice you know mo true he's done this
before this double bacon movie yeah
that's it nice Oh guys yeah he's done
this before out you guys we're here
grow you've done this before you've done
this before I swear no no no no so so
far I don't know how I've done this guys
on four four four I do have to say this
is pretty intense like I feel nervous
now like at the beginning was alright
but now it's like I have to compete the
pressure seeing opportunity go
nice yeah you did that was lucky giggity
pieces come on Robbie not a boat missing
yeah you haven't missed any always lying
to me you lying so much
I still can't miss it Gareth your face
um run yeah heal it this is the second
time I move that would have fully hit
you in the place we did here everything
except one okay if he misses one more
than he's equal to me so miss one more I
will see what else do you want to lose
your friend miss one I'm never including
you in the vlogs if you don't miss I
can't hear it was all a mistake here if
you don't miss come on guys if he misses
one more than he's equal to me oh come
on he has to hear one more than maybe
nine I'm just sweating we're blurring
your space out from now on in the vlog
that's it he doesn't get the exposure
that's not on camera how can you dislike
he said he's been here he's only been
once okay and he everything as well nice
okay you ready for this then they watch
out yo I'm doing okay guys I've missed
but I'm doing okay I missed one so far
they're not saying the scores cuz they
want to keep it anonymous but let's see
how this goes
Wow video to the village Thanks
nice sorry no what is really something
yes hey here's a layup
I just bruising yes the gamourai point
is hell yeah he does even the blocks
when I was out there you cheetah
yeah I know you're a good guy part
apparently someone's bit of a snake it's
not right oh wow this is the hardest
shot guys by lost bullet pull oh man
that is a wrap guys we finished up with
the shooing dye it's time to get the
scores right now we're all done
I think I'm George first I've not told
anybody I think I'm George first so
let's see how this goes it is a night oh
this is awesome
for the best hello darkness my old
friend I've come again so scores were
announced guys as you saw most no I
technically 1k is not even in the
competition exactly amenities yeah who
did you go
mole cream on Ron Hasan I just realize
you're in row six then no girl
everything I've been shooting four years
ago and you only got like I only got one
about me shameful hi I like that yeah I
like that I like that there you go guys
look at the amounts to sweat
Oh roadies is a sweat yeah a lot of
holsters need election for now we are
heading out that was actually pretty fun
that was pretty fun I do have to admit
my man's got all the guns right now so
as you can see it's in safe hands
alright and that is what you call a day
all okay please don't run me over you
second row did you see the Hummer gold
card no you're so excited Rosie's are
happy I like gold
I like Oh God oh okay yeah those are the
biggest cards I've ever seen we're going
through airport security right now
someone get my camera and my phone
cream that piercings going to cause you
some stress
Oh
okay this cuz I don't care I told you
guys I'm not saying isn't I love I said
it's like an island right all of this is
where we are this is the whole place
guys all right so this whole thing you
can live me yes yeah I'm gay he's trying
to get shotgun so we just arrived back
on Ron's place guys it's been a long day
what is he going
it's his house we're gonna go eat guys
we're starving out here like literally
we've been shooting for hours so let's
see what I've got I'm wrong literally
has a buffet at his house all the time
24/7 buffet we're going into on Ron's
palace oh this is one of the nicest
places ever right this is honestly on
the nicest Magisters ever oh wow
oh god no did you actually oh god no oh
god no oh God Kareem okay wait for that
I breathe oh thanks shoutouts are on the
man anything lost no I ate a lot last
time I did this just I guess I'm even
happier guys because if you don't know I
love bottled drinks and they brought
them over here
how much how much you know what they do
is they bring the dates they give them
the Sun yeah so they store it in the
winter oh that's of this these days that
come from the theater that 100's cuz the
summers gonna finish my really good you
yeah you always look so serious on the
vlog I when I write I got throw again
he's like I get here I get hit okay so
if you guys didn't actually know Imran
is a photographer and I'm not I don't
mean like a iPhoneography I mean a
photographer guys this this this
camera's bigger than his face you okay
I'm not like okay guys I don't want to
say it but like this camera is like how
much is like fifteen thousand dirhams
right now it's cheaper does the fuck you
money yeah but you
just cost $10,000 Wow he's got
everything
oh I have a coffee mug yeah ha ha yo you
left me hey guys you see how normal
people have like a wine cellar um Ron
who's a Woodill have a wine cellar huh
I meant like normal I you know well I
was trying to say guys I meant people
with Sanders it's normally a wine cellar
but this is like so many warbles so you
can tell this is like a proper games
room I knew I loved about you oh you was
doing
yeah I have to get a shot Monday then he
was like all over the cream no longer
likes us today so he's actually decided
to leave see I had enough of you I'll be
honest like I just
hi as Al I'm sorry sheesh now buh-bye
buh-bye
fun fact guys I I mentioned on the vlog
once so magic cannot can i reenact it so
I I met one a few guys and the guy was
dope don't get me wrong he was cool but
when he was about to D me was like all
right awesome great meeting you I knew
that I'll see you right he's gonna do
that I'm not still felt weird if you're
violated in a way I was like I was like
all right my child you know man like hey
okay boys for now we are heading out
it's like 1 o'clock we have to go now so
thank you I'm run so much for having us
by high-five
no more vlog hugs that's it you guys
aren't leaving as well so yeah anyways
I'll see you guys back in Dubai and yeah
peace Imran don't you want hot drivers
right now yeah I wish that these guys
like we're on the way home I took a
wrong turn but look how nice this place
is wow this is actually a pretty cool
tunnel so I'm not sure how much you can
tell by my eyes but I'm so so tired
right now it's 3 a.m. and I just made a
home I'm quickly you know take shower
and go to bed
today was actually so much fun so let me
know gi's enjoy please hit the like
button if you did one more thing I'm
gonna try to do my best to book a test
drive for the GTR tomorrow I know
there's so many mixed feedback in the
comment section but I think the first
thing should be just feeling out the car
for myself so I'm gonna regardless do it
see how it feels and yeah let's just
take you from there guys but don't worry
I have been seeing your comments a lot
if you don't want the GTR a lot if you
do so it's kind of and playing with my
head a lot bother you know what let me
just first drive the car how can I even
choose five never driven it be a need to
do that so for now I'm gonna go to bed
and I'll see you guys tomorrow ok stay
awesome love you
Yolo Yolo bye this is vlog extras right
now and our cat has had his tongue stuck
like that for the past 10 minutes look
at him
