I love you like yo yo yo everyone
welcome to another vlog today we're
about to go somewhere special that I
chose bar fly bar I love butterflies
they're so cute we're gonna see loads of
them hopefully if we can make it there
in time before they close because
actually they're closing one hour so
let's go
other plate guys and I actually didn't
eat lunch so I chose to some red to have
on the way right now and yeah gonna
starving
look at where you made it guys
I make these chains you know it makes it
look like Harry Potter yeah yeah like
those adventure guys look at this these
trees are the size of like an elephant's
movie The Maze Runner right Wow imagine
at night that this place looks like that
that's crazy out of me Oh guys this
place looks so cool look at those trees
this palm trees they're huge
all right I have to go here cuz I'm
actually in the parking lot right now
and it's really strange but cool right
look at is they want like a bunch of
palm trees all the way to the end family
day out today you know what's up
whoa okay look what I see in front of me
guys
Wow whoo we're at the butterfly park
guys I hope they don't touch me I still
don't like them barflies guys I don't
want to know why people like butterflies
are still insects and creepy they've
made five lives with love Wow nice and
green just beautiful all gorgeous
moniker that looks like a lion
Wow oh she's beautiful
oh look ever so virtually like a Pikachu
yo this thing is the best cat I've ever
seen it's a girl I see Larry ki for now
guys we're entering the butterfly park
guys look at these they've made if you
guys don't know this is the Prince of
Dubai and they've made that all out of
butterflies that is absolutely amazing
whoa so this space I think it's really
really cool
what is it oh oh no no no oh that is
also guide so we're just about scared
for the butterfly park and check it out
actually that's amazing Wow the space is
filled with my life
yo check this out guys oh my God look at
that we got a firefly on our hands
Wow he's gonna fly he's gonna fly wait
yeah oh okay guys we have another one on
our hands oh oh no get the hell off me
Oh Oh what the hell's wrong with you get
the hell off
wow that is crazy okay it's gonna come
to your face now
holy moly Monica's going to go in my
face butterfly dyke
what am i a tyke oh my god I have
wings now on until my hair so I'm
actually really confused right now guys
what is that noise what does it go
there's little birds in here this is
perfect Hey look at these guys oh yeah I
like this one in your head
like ok I'm out I'm out we're moving on
to the next area guys this place is
pretty good pretty cool it you come
through the nets and everything that
place is dope you made one of them
escape he came out you're like a bunch
of parrots at shoes for a second I
thought they're real but look at that ah
it'd be good buddy my sister said
dollars the Bugatti off the butterflies
oh here here yes the Bugatti No hi
so let's go let's go okay on to the next
room guys time to bring it to one guys
whoa you cool guys that's not Bugatti
yes it was a body wow that is crazy guys
he's on your top it just looked like
that wallet oh he's gone
I didn't always Vicki I don't know you
make some sort of point
oh my god I know you're creeping me out
that's so freaky don't do that
I am no wonder why your son don't need a
gun to get respect Iseman now we're
gonna head out here sighs you know been
there done nothing you learn is really
restless what that face I'm crying this
is not why I signed up for as I can look
at this guy's it says warning please do
not touch the butterfly I'm not touching
the butterfly is touching me get there
dad dad are you ready to kiss the bride
oh that's how you make two butterflies
get married I'm getting out of here guys
how did touch me on a more deeper life
or an attack mode thank you so much Wow
thank you that was amazing
there's a barfly cinema that is so crazy
they're about to go home now let's go
hey check this out guys even a Rolls
Royce came to the barfly park I guess
it's not just us everybody else can we
do
hi so we just made a hole as you guys
can see whoo we're so tired oh boy
walking around in that barfly Park was
so exhausting but yet I'm actually
heading back out right now so if you
guys don't know the squad my friends I
haven't seen them for ages like ages
ages ages so right now I'm heading over
a boy esse Linden cream or rod a bunch
of them are gonna be there and yeah I
can see them for like it feel like a
good two months oh yeah I'm a bad friend
guys I mean I'm just I'm just horrible
but and here is this head over see
what's up and catch up we just made it
over here we got Kareem over here and
then we got like 10 more people on this
side I like here we got Linden over
there it was so this up then we got the
whole crew over here so ja yeah how long
it's been since I've been in the front
seat
remember the karaoke days oh oh I have
the line karaoke we did in this car was
like unlimited bye guys so we just made
it over to this restaurant or like about
15 minutes ago and now we ate we had
Mendy and this is pretty much all that's
left of the I can show you check it out
creams over there my boy home runs over
here Imran they love you on the blog's
we have to say like
huh burgeroo's video blogging channel
how many likes would you would you take
it for me okay there you go million like
I saw this show run for the cars guys
and I'm pretty sure it's close by made
everybody come over here look at that
we have a blue Aventador in there a blue
Bugatti a yellow nine one eight which is
absolutely crazy I'm pretty sure they're
happy it's close because I don't even
think that long waist loosed yeah I'm
pretty sure on this you can open it
briefly there's a key you'll be looking
at turning around
well that was pretty waste of a walk
light I made everybody come here guys
yeah whoa wait
gotcha weeks oh look at that guy's a
nice little Koenigsegg here hey the holy
egg the holy egg what model is it Korean
put it on the spot it's a CC 2006 the
exercises I've no to that is the
only thing that's only once I'm sure
that is a CC x drive safe
okay we just made it over here to the
Burj Khalifa guys well okay this this
view never gets old guys oh we're about
to enter like literally the fastest
elevator in the world guys this thing
goes up so fast your ears just start
popping and one of them this is not the
one this other one oh wow look at the
show from up here okay so right now
we're actually on like the 120 third
floor guys yes 1 2 3
literally and we're super high guys at
the moment like check it out you can see
everything down there even like normal
skyscrapers if you see that like that
that's a skyscraper right there guys and
it looks tiny to us if only I was a book
type of guy
if only guys I read like one book a year
tell me which one of these you've
actually ever read no not if you give me
like something engineering it'll be
another deal let me get it educate
yourself bro aggi boy so I'm not sure if
you heard but I didn't want to show this
on the blog too much Bob bought this new
watch the Casio 7 series otherwise known
as the AP and I got a Bentley this
actually Linden's Bentley if you guys
have seen on the vlogs hi Bentley yeah
this is your bed look I know let's give
it back to Linden that but what are you
doing here now so I think Kareem has a
question guys there's 20 cows the 60s
cows they always are three cows when
there's 28 cows and 20 chickens okay how
many didn't how many what there's 28
cows and 20 28 8 wasn't what was
duration today there's 28 cows
yeah 28 chickens like they ate chickens
how many didn't so
my wife actually you've read the whole
thing you ruined the whole secret of
this actually good riddle if you get
right I'll be very roses are red violets
are playing this is really secret or any
of you get to try in the comments
without Chian I'll be amazed
okay so there's a light bulb in a room
right it's behind a closed door you know
when you open this door once you have
three light switches okay three light
switches you can do whatever you want to
those three light switches but as soon
as you open the door
you have to know 100% which one of the
light switches which is on the line the
door is sealed you can't see anything
from outside once you open the door
through you have to know you can't go
back press which is right don't do it
once but I forgot the whole question
yeah
is it like so guys I'm not making this
up I have proof I swear to God I wish is
logging it he's smashed you're such a
liar suppose expose I got the answer
guys so you tell them that sponsor is
basically so the three switches you'll
press one for 10 minutes then you'll
switch off then you press the next one
press it and then you open it all if the
lights off it's really hot it's the
first switch if the lights on is the
second switch if the lights off but it's
cold
the third like we had private
conversation sorry you make a channel
and you take these videos lots a little
bit copyrighted Channel
can we do push anymore brother we see
the comment that for fun you know they
say that I hung he had Gus with me
because my buddy
I want his gross he wants my money you
know he wants my gosh that Kareem
exposed hashtag he's our president so
that I can send his Porsche and here's
proportion how do you feel like hearing
this on Rhonda
I feel like this is marriage counseling
right now Omron chose this place for us
to come and eat it's literally just all
about not telling guys okay so I just
got my CREP guys and as you can see this
is delicious more you know you can
continue I'm not stopping anybody Oh
check it out guys I'm sorry I made
everybody start to vlog there's a
Nutella crash oh hi guys we're out for
today as you can see peace everybody
Zelda Yolo and I'll see you guys maybe
to having maybe tomorrow we're doing
shooting guys but it's not confirmed but
if we don't it's his fault cuz you have
to organize it blah blah blah is P shot
got a yellow bye guys
I love you like I piss our faces okay
boys it's been a long long day today but
I finally have an answer that we've all
been waiting for today so Ford hit me up
with an email in regards to the Ford GT
so I did tell you I emailed them saying
can you please give me a reply and they
did it so let me show you the email I
saw okay let me show you I'm so excited
just to have it on so guys so Ford GT
application you can see it's the real
deal
dear Muhammad thank you for your
interest in purchasing a Ford GT the
demand for the Ford GT has surpassed our
limited production unfortunately we do
not have enough Ford GTS to fulfill your
request I tried so hard guys I tried so
damn hard but there you go guys
now this is where I kind of want to talk
to you guys because after releasing the
video of me going to see the GTR I got
so much mixed feedback and a lot of you
are saying don't get the GTR which is
now completely baffled me because I
don't know what to do like honestly guys
I don't know what to do I thought you
guys would love the GTR the comments
section doesn't look like that the
comments section says Ferrari or another
car seem Ferrari so many other things
have popped up in there like I a and I'm
confused let's see how it goes guys I'm
just gonna take you guys through the car
shopping adventure the struggles man cuz
lets you buy a car it's a pretty big
deal it's not like you're buying candy
or anything it's gonna stay with you
with a good couple of months so yeah you
want to choose correctly anyways as long
as I'm gonna wrap it today smokey I hope
you have enjoyed by the way don't forget
subscribe button if you want to be in
for a chance of winning a vlogging
camera and yeah for now I catch you guys
tomorrow stay awesome Yolo Yolo by the
way this is really awesome check that
out Dubai and yet goodbye whoo
