oh my god guys so I just greatly stopped
my car because I'm about to show
yo yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog so this morning bubbles has
actually cut the bottom of his foot and
he actually can't walk so he's just been
complaining the whole day what that's
right buddy look guys all he can't walk
ah it hurts him so he just keeps on
falling down guys you see that yeah he's
cut his foot so right now we actually
have people working inside our house and
one of them forgot his ladder upstairs
so I've actually never been to the roof
of our house and I really want to see
how it looks like let's go see what it
is guys and yeah look at this there's a
big-ass ladder all the way to the roof
so hot whoa I hope I don't fall let's
give this a try this is not secure okay
it's not secure it's just floating on
the edge there okay here goes nothing
guys just probably not be the end of all
blogs right here
mama Suzanne be serious it's not safe
it's not safe more you could fall down
here no if I fall I'm actually dead well
what is wrong with you it's bending
I don't think it's a good idea what
you're doing I'm being serious
I'm getting very nervous about this guys
oh my gosh this is ridiculous guys oh
 this is scary
then why are you doing this the whole
street from here I'm actually so scared
of heights guys and this is the
loveliest ladder I've ever been on sir
no the guys up there gonna wonder why on
earth he's going up hey welcome to
another vlog guys don't climb ladders
that look look at this look this is not
an another life straight guy see this is
my point of view okay so you go up and
this thing is bending towards it look
light up there like a bunch of tanks and
stuff like weird guys I am working on a
new makeup video and my brother knows
look at the teachers eye it's always
computers in our house like we laptop
laptop everything I'm editing mine and
he's finished editing this video if you
can't already tell today is actually a
very hot day whoa oh boy oh boy it
steams up so much anyways right now
we're about to head out I literally
called blog like goddamn what is it
 so much the first stop of I
should come to today require do anything
else is Lamborghini I'm not sure if you
guys see I just need to quickly put some
money in the pain here and then we're
good to go guys and you got you probably
know why I'm here don't get your hopes
up again just don't get your hopes up
but let's see how it goes down I read
you guys know often searching for a new
car so
you know that is I'm gonna slam it into
the Lamborghini Center and they have SV
in here which absolutely looks bored
just guys should I buy this should I buy
a pecker you know what I think just
maybe a little bit the budget just just
a little bit guys but check this beast
out oh you know something I absolutely
love is the fact that you can customize
everything when it comes to your car
here like they've got like all the
colors
they've got wheels let me see this is
the wheel we have there you guys check
it out whoa that's so crazy and the
brake calipers - oh my god
that's ours guys that red one is ours to
be honest like I know I came to look for
a car but I mainly come to just admire
them because they are absolutely
beautiful so let me know in the comment
section do you guys think
I should save a little extra to get like
a Lamborghini obviously not this one can
super expensive at speeds are like
they're worth it like if I had it trust
me I'd buy it but yeah her accounts are
more reasonable guys anyways for now I'm
heading out of here just came to look
around and see what's up look around
got some prices and stuff like that who
knows double up on rock hands who says
that and says that I hear somebody
saying that in the comment section
oh my god it's for you oh my god guys so
I just greatly stopped my car because of
what about to show you check this out
that is the craziest car I've ever seen
and we're seeing on your screen is not
an illusion this has been wrapped in
some weird rainbow illusion color it's
like so cool oh boy look at la oh my god
this is on the craziest cars I've ever
seen guys I talk about what my neck
strap should be we should do that guys
we have that I've never seen like a
Lamborghini or Mustang in that color
there's my first time sitting at any car
in this color or rap I don't what you
cool that it's a what what so what's a
rainbow okay so I actually quickly
stopped by guys to check out this very
very rare car it's an f12 right or
all right let's hear it guys it's about
to switch on tyranny it's like a jet so
let's cover our ears and I know what to
expect
Wow all right
Wow that is much louder than the normal
supercar oh boy that was absolutely
ridiculous guys as one of 15 one five
and it had the okey guys supercars are
loud Lamborghinis are loud like normal
stock stuff this this is ear killer
that's Health and Safety why's that car
is not a thing you know in the night you
can internal this yeah guys honestly as
mom I'm saying you cannot turn if that
car is in my area I'm getting kicked out
if that car turns on that night all my
neighbors are complaining it was so loud
I saw its sharp yeah that's the thing is
boom like explosion okay guys just look
at this insane lineup that they have
over here guys Aventador roadster
Aventador a vented or another Aventador
it's an SV it's like two more Aventadors
back there it's absolutely crazy I mean
God Dale
let me try
okay let me try and look around for a
realistic car key I think I found one
this is a four five eight and this is
actually pretty decently priced so this
could be one of the options that this
one is five hundred and twenty nine
thousand won okay my mom my mom doesn't
want me to buy a car but I guess I
should teach she keeps telling me like
come on beau you have the Mustang you
need another car I need another car I
need another car guys I just made it
over two deals on wheels and they
actually have a Nissan GTR over here and
I'm smiling because I absolutely love it
so check it out it's a red GTR guys tell
me that does not look beautiful oh oh my
looks so Rieman oh my god anyways I she
went and got the key because I want to
turn it on and see how it sounds okay
comment down below
do you guys think this car should
because honestly I love it let's hop
into the driver's seat and you know I've
realized guys I'm actually never driven
a GTR so let's do this
okay alright check it out they've got
like all the light I don't even know
what this isn't a GTR they've got so
many like things like they've got the
temperature on the screen and everything
it just looks so futuristic so as I said
I'm just checking this car out color
down the lower drop a like button if you
think I should get this one it looks
perfect I love it but I don't know I
don't know aha I look red right that's
how excited I am the same color as the
car so I've actually never seen what's
under the bonnet of the GTR guys solo oh
oh boy look at that lovey
that is beautiful anyways let's head out
I mean I've spent a lot of time just
looking around this guy I could spend
days but yeah look at that booty look at
that booty amazing so now I'm heading
out I saw I wanted I saw exactly what I
wanted so a car might be Oh a car might
be closer than you think
offer along they're looking for cars we
can't be guys you already know it's the
honey chicken but something I've never
shown you guys
the rice actually comes out really cool
so check it out it comes in this bowl
and all you do is just move and then you
have like a huge mountain of rice that
it's really awesome look at it it feels
awkward when you're a guy and saying
like I will never be her like of course
I'll never be her I'm not a girl but you
know okay boys I just made a home and I
want to show you a really cool trick
which I learned off the internet so
you're only gonna need two things for
this Oh Oh take a playa for okay let's
go ahead and do this together here you
go guys
there yes enough you just want to take
your normal black pepper and you want to
start grinding it on the war okay so you
know as you can see guys you just have a
load of pepper on the surface and I'm
going to put my favorite to show you
nothing really happens I check it out
there's my finger I put it in nothing
really happens now here comes the trick
you want to take your dishwashing liquid
I know law if you may know this trick
but it is Oh
the gateway that's way too much
dishwashing liquid are you ready to see
what this finger does okay you just put
a little bit of dishwashing liquid and
check this out three two one wow that is
so crazy it is all goes to the side
anyways hopefully you guys learned that
trick guys all you need war black pepper
and some dishwashing nigga ok so let me
let you guys know what's going down in
regards to the car so I thought about it
and I thought what the hell am i doing
I'm buying a car which I've never driven
so I'm gonna cool and try a book a test
drive off the gt-r if I can maybe once
I'm behind the wheel I feel different I
maybe I'll love it maybe I'll love like
the 4 or 5 a.m. or who knows honestly um
when I saw the GTR I have to say like my
heart is going towards that right now
but yeah just to keep you updated that's
all gonna do so hopefully with the next
couple of days I can get test drive on
that beast and then we can move forward
from this
that is freaky now I share two packages
here which I was meant to open a while
back and I forgot about so let's quickly
see what they are
okay this one I she seemed pretty
interesting
I got perky oh boy oh la la oh la la
look at that these smells so good and I
you're probably wondering you can't
submit it I can't know it I can smell it
guys trust me it's so strong that smells
so amazing thank you so much for sending
this old bye who do I thank oh boy thank
you to mr. solemn for sending these bye
apparently these are like luxury foods
and they have some in their store like
probably not these ones I'm guessing but
some bowls that go for as high as
fifteen thousand dollars I mean this
this looks pretty luxurious I do have to
say my sister is in love with wood and
to be honest these smell really nice
thank you
packing over to you guys let's see what
we got inside here whoa all right so
let's see two more plugs you can show
this from the blog but don't say my name
alright I got you I got you no come on
you guys can do this what what he showed
me two watches and they are beautiful oh
my god that is a piece of art guys Wow
Wow
I know they're not much okay ho ho hold
up you're telling me this is not much
this is too much like I honestly have to
thank you so it says I love and respect
your family one second before I finish
reading this letter guys bubbles injured
leg makes him not able to walk today
look he actually is limping and I feel
so bad for him because he's meowing oh
and it is much love my man that's just
crazy
oh that
fire my sister loves food and I think me
being an amazing brother
I know these were sent for me but I'm
gonna go give them to her
yo are you came out of toilet oh my god
okay I think I think this gift I have
for you is gonna come e you know you're
such a liar your mommy
I just went to wash my hands what I'm
talking about what are those I have a
very very amazing gift for you oh my
gosh that is what you think it is
Oh od is everything in the world like
this stuff I know crazy for I know this
stuff is expensive as well these ones
can go up to $15,000 a bowl these are
like the most luxurious ones yeah that's
what the guy wrote in the lair you
serious Wow this is for me well knows
for me but I'm gifting it to you so I
see such a good brother oh my god wow
this is like Freud the best ones out
there all of them are so good but let me
show you guys how much my sister
generally loves perfume look she has a
whole closet of her human check out this
whole closet she has I got full of
perfume guys oh gosh
she even has a voodoo doll in here guys
this is pretty dangerous stuff here that
we bought one Renza I know it's bad luck
it's bad luck angels God okay look at
the face and tell me that's an angel
guys that is a demon child that is a
demon it's just a symbol like the face
doesn't have to have a face obviously
anyways check it out guys that's my
sister's perfume collection if you
haven't already seen it
Oh like these are the world's expensive
oh okay great
you know this this is from xandred it's
like the pure stuff from the tree we got
that from that tree yeah so today's
sponsor of the video is Lana Rose she's
paying me to give her another shout out
guys I honestly am not kidding you guys
how do you think I'm buying a new car
she's paying me for all these shoutouts
I got I ordered my silver was it called
so our play button yeah we're gonna have
to in this house now guys and you guys
wrote to a mill we need two gold play
buttons now I made a new video today
guys
okay a new video guys check it out oh my
god there oh this is what I want to show
you guys mommy does this look like the
same girl in the video hell no I'm gonna
do stuff about beauty um I'll try to
diverse that like I did exercise so if
you're interested these sort of things
you can subscribe it anyways that is a
wrap guys enough of her talking blah
blah blah peace look who are bubbles is
by the way
oh is it is new sleeping by the way I
didn't make it clear in yesterday's vlog
a lot if you didn't get it but yes I am
doing a giveaway I'm giving away a
vlogging camera the only rule is to be
subscribed be exte also i love you
now catch guys some more for another
epic vlog who knows we need to be test
driving one of those car soon so yeah
Yolo Yolo goodbye
