yo yo everyone what is that welcome to
another vlog so today's actually gonna
be a really cool day via the boys are
going out for a day of fun with jet skis
jet packs water boards you name it we're
having a little war fun today and I hope
you guys enjoy but first things first
let me just say this my boy Roshan is
actually coming here to meet me and he's
been pranking me a lot recently so I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna hide and when he
comes to ring my bell I'm gonna try and
scare the living hell out of him I'm
quickly gonna cool him guys to make sure
he cools me when he gets in the area so
let's see hey bro what's up tell me when
you come into the area okay
okay I burp you see here he has no idea
he has no idea okay I'm sitting behind
the car I can see if they come so okay
here is here he is guys yes yes I know
yes good for now we're heading out guys
let's go or should one more one I got
him back guys let's get it
all right check it out we just made it
over to the yacht bay guys we're
actually taking a yacht and going over
to do the war activity south and not as
joining us but he's not here yet so we
have to come pick him up with the boys
MO and what sigan we out you guys the
whole squad is out today except from
adnan so i don't know how we're getting
we as i honestly you might have to swim
a little bit to get to us
you
you know it's really cool guys there's
actually a toilet on this boat you want
to see it check it out I should show
them where is baiu what that's a tiniest
toilet I've ever seen but at least it
does the job guys it does the job
anyways my boy and Dawn is here
we're just picking him up so let's see
how gets the ball I think we have to
park it up for him yoyoyo
Adnan in the building meet me at the
good Judy debacle I believe it you clean
under get a few laughs and not just fade
over here hot lovely wet like a Mexican
for a minute so we're just taking a
little tour of dubai on the boat guys
and then we're gonna go to do the war
activities that means I could time that
some crew shot - Ryu so let's get into
this
I don't know if you can hear me but the
boat there's also a drink with it it
feels weird guys you guys must know
where we are right now redic the for
july RM the famous seven star hotel this
Cruise is relaxing we're checking out
all of these guys I hope you're enjoying
it but there you go
the first stop is flyboarding guys I'm
actually gonna go this is my second time
doing your hopefully I'm better this
time let's go and see how I do I just
jump in go I feel really weird just
jumping in the way oh yeah hi so me that
during the war right now guys guys
casualty oh whoa shark bite I've ever
had to fly in the war I'm going back in
that was a small need to finish him off
cause a small shark Mo's the first that
bird so bad sounds blogs hands about to
fall off he's bleeding and then he
bleeds all the shards will come like a
ninja said that's nice rescue sir oh
there's one right there
this is like the most right there behind
you look so I'm actually gonna go after
oh shit guys if you can see I put a
bandage to let my hand dry up soft we're
gonna watch Roger do this first and then
I'll go guys check it out Eddie in the
building
Oh oh snap
got it do it maybe you can do it I don't
know I like that honesty he's doing it
he's doing it
oh damn one of my water ballet diver he
dabbed out in the water is come on I
check it out Ross shit is back he's
alive guys anyways right now we're
strapping up to go are you ready for
this hell no Cygan you ready for this
yeah he's not coming he's that good but
then it's all anyways let's go see
what's up guys
manda manda what happened guys what is
your look at them this is such a mess
hey y'all one by one suicide in contour
to success so happy I'm so happy I
didn't go on okay and that's the last
time we saw mo and Eddy mo blocks oh my
god worst video ever I just want to say
this was not scripted well done guys
masha'Allah we're finally on we made it
back on run - no here we go again
I told you this wasn't even hard well
there you go guys we survived we did it
we outchea yeah only one fool and that
wasn't even our fault that was just a
guy spinning us in circles I'm actually
gonna do the fly boarding at a different
spot that's where we're going right now
guys but check out this view over here
nice I've actually never seen these
buildings I think they're new
I am hurting right now a booty is
killing me right as far as the meet me
that's nice okay for now we got off the
boat guys we're gonna relax at the beach
a little bit before I go for my
flyboarding session so yeah oh oh I lost
I lost the slipper we have some of anons
friends coming now to meet us and
they're right here guys check it out hey
got the camels boys whoa all right all
right all right look at this
so the first ride we're going on is this
couch thing guys couch in the middle of
the water right you're attached thingy
here at ain't named Billy I'm ready here
we go we're about to go boys we're going
couching war couching Oh son I made a
name for it yeah he's a water couch and
watch him couch out of here you got your
slippers why don't you ever take those
up man how do you walk what are you
doing he's just walking with slippers
everywhere he goes all right guys we're
about to get this water couching started
all right I want to see some people fly
off
better hold on to that back foot so here
we go start cranking up the speed while
here we go I'm about to fall in the
water - oh my God look out look at this
oh my god oh there we go starting to
kiss a man lovely let me jump a skip up
yeah skip up
oh sorry hey we should do that flying
one a row we got vlogs e's going on the
hoverboard nice no do it dive do
something do a double backflip
he's having on him he's dabbing - hey
now you're just showing off logs now
you're just showing off
ya better not
their explosion
ah so as if we haven't had enough fun
already guys me and Eddie are hopping
onto a jet ski right now to race morn
Raschid you guys are probably going to
join us on this GoPro so let's go and
see what's up I'm hoping to drop you off
on the back so let's go that's why I
wanted to I want to like you swerve you
okay I don't know how we fell off the
jack City guys how did you do that
leaning
yeah I don't like jet skis check this
out guys
oh they fell I knew you guys couldn't
stay on that I know I was falling over
with me they're alive now guys let's go
yeah both is like a jet ski - I'm
holding on for dear life
anyways boys for now we just finished
our shout out to Sameer he hooked up
today his company's physics and shout
out the C weak man they hook everything
up today so thank you mom no ways we're
gonna go eat don't worry he's still with
us at the rest of the day we're not
kicking him out yet but yeah let's go
guys I was crazy intense today out you
guys liked it check it out these are the
boats that I think are awesome we made
it we made it we made it so after a long
day we are back where we started now
crazy stuff guys I'm gonna go eat and
relax now so I'm not sure I'm gonna
catch you guys anymore by the way look
how cool the sunset looks over here man
I want to yacht so bad so we came over
here to eat with the boys guys and it's
my first time seeing this place yeah
look at this guys that is actually
really cool it's addicting to look at
Wow
that is awesome finally made it over to
the spot and check it out
this is what I came for my chocolate
milkshake guys later
bring a dig in right now guys you do not
realize how much I love my chocolate
milkshake it's just amazing I think we
definitely over ordered guys like we
always do we always over-order look look
at this guy this is just the first big
inner part so my breakfast brother like
Joe
what is this chocolate vanilla
strawberry raspberry and blueberry
oh I case a banana no goober oh you
drinking mine did I give you permission
room is that the excess yeah and he took
my straw appreciate it bro name ID non
social security number what the hell I
wasn't I go in America under me now
they're like I madman for now we're
saying goodbye so good
peace out everyone have a good day oh
you will see you next time see you next
time okay
I'm SIA oh oh I can't calm down where -
take it take it easy ha ha so I just
made it over to the mood guys and I
realized halloween is coming up so I've
just been looking around at all the
Halloween decorations and check these
two alley these two would scare you so
bad at night
what the hell imagine that guys hello
wow that is creepy guys okay I'm still
looking for Halloween stuff cuz I don't
know this Halloween I want to try and do
something but this is really weird
yo new squad in the house anyways the
real reason I actually came over to the
mall is I wanted to get some batteries
my camera this one which I'm using but
they're out of stock so I ordered myself
a couple they should bring them in in
like two days so don't worry we're going
to be pumped up on batteries again but
it's a struggle guys vlogging everyday
especially for like the amount I do you
need like at least two extra batteries
with you for now I'm actually heading on
home because I want to go and show you
something very very special guys so
let's go okay so now that I'm home guys
I actually have a very very special
unboxing and I can't wait to show you so
I did tell you that drizzly Drake was
releasing some new shoes and when I tell
you these were limited they were limited
as hmm you could not get your hands on
them but don't worry you already know
your boy mode hat had to get them for
you so without further ado let's do an
unboxing so check it out we got that
white Jordan box and this is just on
another level guys so as you can see the
AL ovo yeah boy these are the shoes guys
so are you ready smells so nice for you
babe look at this guy's so these are the
brand new Drizzy Drake / yos guys and
let me tell you something just to show
you how limited these are so the price
you pay from store to get these is $300
okay around $300 ish I think or like two
hundred and something you can sell them
online for over $1000 anyways that's my
you are boxing guys I'm gonna go put
these upstairs in the collection you
already know what's up don't play
yourself
we got the plugs we got the plug for now
I'm gonna wrap up today's book here I
hope you have enjoyed by the way don't
forget if you want to have a chance of
bullying and Xbox don't forget to press
subscribe and you're automatically in
for that so yeah anyway stay awesome I
love y'all Yolo Yolo boy boom
