yo yo everyone what is up good morning
welcome to another vlog so let me show
you guys what I woke up to today ok I'm
going to show you the CCTV footage
before I show you what I got so I woke
up and I heard something bring the Bell
and look what I saw in my CCTV ok this
is what I saw so this humongous box
isn't me this is me the morning in my
pajamas I went out I was like oh is this
and you can't really see them in the
house right now I'll show you them but
one of my friends Harlan if you guys
know him he got me these massive I'm the
massive shoeboxes look at the size of
this thing guys already opened it boom
yalla yalla more loads that is
absolutely crazy like I I just woke up
like 15 minutes ago this was them
bringing you inside the house guys look
that's how big it is that is how what
even is that guys I look at the size of
this maybe like three people to carry it
in it much love to my boy harlot for
sending me that look like these guys can
barely lift it that's how big it is this
is for me and this one is actually from
my sister so when you open this one up
Lana
Rose a it's so crazy read it I'm so but
I'm gonna go move upstairs and then
maybe at night I'm coming put all my
shoes in there so you can see but that
is awesome alright so I'm gonna get my
room guys and I'm actually heading
straight out because today they're
releasing some Drizzy Drake clothes yeah
you know my boy Drake the one that's
like I know and then hotline bling that
can only mean what they're okay yeah
okay
note to self I'll never say anything
guys please I'll never do it again I'm
sorry but I quickly just changed up I
came when I get back home I'm gonna put
all of my shoes which are in this closet
at the moment let's open it up I'm gonna
put all of these in the box I got so
let's go and then come back and fix all
of that stuff Oh about ready let's go
one trainee chain yeah all right I just
made it over to my boys rosted and mo
guys as you can see and Russia just
pranked me again again with a damn
birthday cake guys like seriously this
needs to stop this needs to stop right
now I just made it over to Jordan store
right now and there is some OTO merch
left so I didn't make it here too late
this is what they have in terms of track
suit like this is the last pair of the
pants but I'm gonna get myself the black
shirt and a black cat which is over
there that was fun
you got the full track shoes I didn't
guys you sold out way before I got here
so sorry at least one day yo yo Scott
got it Oh shout-out to my grandma I am
no wonder why your son don't need a gun
to get respect okay so this is my final
purchase guys I got the Hat I got the
black shirt and some wristband things so
check it out yo what's up vlog what's up
alright so we just made out the story
guys I did manage to pick up some stuff
as I said which I'm happy about I'm
happy about just getting it the track
suit was sold out like okay it's my
fault because I told the lady not to
reserve it for me because I was like at
first when I saw it I didn't really want
it but then when you see in person and
you see everybody buying it I think it's
just the hike that makes you want it so
since we are out today we decided to
come and look at some more sneakers guys
and check these ones I found here
they've got some gold snakeskin
Louboutins guys like this is actual
snakeskin which is really cool I didn't
think it was AI but look at that that is
that feels so weird guys but these are
pretty nice I do have to admit I like
them I like the Raschid wants to show me
some shoes how much is that 11,000
yeah 11 K for that
it's plastic bro I never showed you guys
how the hat looks on me so let me show
you it's actually pretty nice I think
check it out
Hey Oh yo till I die my brother Drew's
be drinking - I look like Drake don't
even look this a shout-out Drake we out
yet you watch this video tweet me I got
you I got you when he comes the divine
little man I know and that I live live
right now we are in the
behind-the-scenes of the cinema guys
right behind the screens and everything
guys yo let's eat guys I think there's a
cinema guy there's a movie oh my god
sure you go in oh oh wow look at that we
always cinema to ourselves we're gonna
go to the toilet together maybe I could
go down the way we gonna go to bed then
I think we're heading out from there so
yeah anyways I just finished up over
here guys with a head off home to show
you everything I got properly it was
busy light and I mean busy there was
like 50 people in that time he stalls I
yelled there I can't even move in here
alright I finally made a home guys oh so
tired
for once oh it's my bumpers on Tyra she
never she's gonna be upstairs hey mommy
what's up anyways guys I'm just gonna go
now and try and fill up or put these
upstairs and then let's get on to these
I promised you once I get back home
we'll sort these boxes out because
they're so cool so first things first
let me show you everything I got today
guys so I had to get the ovo sweatband
this was actually probably the favorite
they actually this and the Hat are the
favorite things I've also you already
know what it is Drizzy Drake with the
owl bra
Drizzy Drake we need an animal guys for
my channel pick an animal down in the
comment section it basically looks
strong guys when I have this oh oh oh
damn son don't
Plus Kingdom James Brown the Hat you
already know ass up
it's actually looks really nice on me I
think there's those good sir might start
rocking this more often
thirdly is the shirt so let's take off
mine and wear it okay you ready you
ready BAM oh my god I don't know how I
always do that guys and this is the
shirt October's very own your own Edel
sponsored by Drake drizzly Drake paid me
to wear this guy honestly it doesn't
even look that bad but as I said man
this is just the star fit this is the
star of my transformation into becoming
Drake the rest of it comes tomorrow okay
so check it out guys my cat is fighting
with the ginger cat I'm not sure if you
guys saw that I cut it I didn't even
blog I quickly ran they were fighting
over there and I separated the cats
see guys such a struggle just owning
some cats he's injured yeah he's
bleeding on his hands
oh I let me a check really where is he
don't go near him don't go near him oh
he's he's got beaten up really badly
look he's been being bitten all over his
legs is attacking bubbles are you okay
is it uncle Oh Oh his hand is so messed
up oh my god oh I just came in my room
guys and look bubbles hand is actually
bleeding right now he's relaxed though
he's relaxed oh don't worry guys I think
he will be okay pretty sure he's gonna
be okay but I'm gonna leave him the
worst thing you want to do to a cat is
if you touch them they're gonna move so
I'm actually gonna bring the shoebox
upstairs guys so you can see here I've
emptied out a nice little section I'm
gonna have it here next to my desk but
yeah let's get the shoes out for now
guys well I finally have a nice place to
put all my shoes guys you know I love
these so much these are probably my
favorite shoes I have so check it out oh
we got the championship packs guys oh my
god you know how much I love these like
these are the white ones these are
actually my favorite favor
it's I think check it out come on open
up damn yeah I know bubbles is sleeping
or that you ready
I know it's bleeding look at that guy's
okay now okay you ready
no okay all three no this is heavy
oh it's not this a monistic put
underneath it you got it yes oh my salsa
 stop stop
we're doing it guys are doing it push it
man who should I really hurt hold my
skin the box is upstairs guys the box is
upstairs all right
well there you go guys that is the box
let's start putting my shoes in it let's
do this
all right and there you go that is my
sneaker collection so for guys not a bad
start
I like it let me know what you think
about this little sneaker collection so
far looks amazing just this box makes it
look so cool we still need to fill it up
though you got like six more slots here
so yeah we can add a few more in the
collection before we fill this beast up
but yeah Moe vlogs in the building so
for the first couple of weeks you guys
know I've been looking around for a car
but recently it's just kind of been
silent and I haven't said much about it
which is bad because so many if you're
like Molin what happened you forgot no I
didn't forget guys so basically the
reason that I've been keeping quiet
about it if something might happen
within the next week or two I don't want
to say boy exactly because I don't want
it not to happen but that is why I've
delayed my car just to see if this so
cool thing happens and I know it's it's
dumb talking about it when I can't tell
you but you see what I mean if it does
happen and secondly I've just been
waiting guys for the right car to show
up on the market right now actually
gonna head over to our friends showroom
to look around and see what's up so who
knows maybe they have a couple of new
cars there we could take a look at and
yeah let's go so I didn't realize this
guys but I just went over to our friend
showroom and I forgot that most the
showrooms are closed but this one is
open and do you want to see the scariest
parking ever like I came in here and I
had a heart attack okay you guys you're
probably laughing right now but look at
this guy's dad
look how close these cars are oh my god
these are three Lamborghini Countach
guys I like the really old and limited
ones and I saw that and I was like what
whoever had the guts to park that I
salute you like that is crazy anyways
they have a Lamborghini Aventador over
you guys and I'm looking at it and it's
just so beautiful
while I'm here let me show you another
car that I was really considering
getting before this is a Mercedes AMG
GTS I really really love this car
they're coming out with like the the
sport model I'm not too sure what it's
good like the AMG GT R I don't know but
that is the one I wanted it's coming out
next year they'll soften yeah just
looking at this makes me have a heart
attack look at that one finger between
them that's crazy
for now let's head back home guys it's
awesome just coming and looking at the
cars it reminds me how much I need one
but one more thing I just played my
favourite car guys the Ferrari for a a
lie I'm behind the showroom window just
trying to touch it it is such a beauty
guys they've also got a lamp I mean a
Bugatti no Lamborghini I messed up
Bugatti they've got a Bugatti but yeah
anyway let's go man that was just to
keep you guys updated on the car and
stuff soon come guys just give me some
more time I promise we're home we're
home again oh my god yeah is okay note
to self mo start learning to check
closing time shop some places because I
always forget to do that and I go places
when they're closed and yes just ah if
you guys remember yesterday when I took
one of the peanuts guys look they are
now on my table and they're my little
snack so don't think I wasted them no I
love them anyways let's go ahead and eat
one right now it's just so cool I love
me that so much I've used this is my
little bin which is a bad thing to be
honest but alright let's go ahead three
two one
ah oh my god so nice
anyways what a wrap up today's like you
guys I hope you have
enjoyed stay tuned very exciting stuff
coming up this week so I cannot wait for
you guys to see it but yeah I'll catch
guys some more I love you oh don't
forget just be happy you guys yellow
yellow good boy boom
