go stairs un partido by dr. Maria those
stairs impossible papa
yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so I'm currently whispering
because it is 3:30 in the morning I'm
heading out to go home air ballooning
right now so everybody's asleep in that
house my sisters sleeping my mum's not
sleeping she woke me up guys Brianne I'm
heading out let's go do this it should
be fun I'll see you guys on the way
let's do this 1 2 3 well so check it out
guys we just made it over to most crib
as you can see gum pizza right now we
ready to go let's do this it is 4 a.m.
right now we out see on the streets out
you nobody else is on the streets except
from us so it kind of seems crazy crazy
for you
like I'm like you know my power yeah
like the bad guys hi hi yeah yeah yeah
we got Andrew in the building we're
actually going up guys time it is so
dark right now guys I have to use our
captain's light to vlog check it out oh
we've got that UFO light on it right now
it's hopefully gonna get a little bit
bright we move fatty right now you
already know what's up but it's dark
right now in desert guys all I can see
is his light right now that's it just
follow the light just follow the light
it's gonna be okay and you ask you
something one of the ones I just weighed
more than the other specialist guys a
little bit hey check this out guys
they're just inflating the balloon right
now this is the crazy part
Eddie get out the way possible and a
Maria ghost is impossible
look at the size of that thing guys if
you focus honestly that is on another
level right now
are you ready me I don't you think is
legal and this vlog makes it out I want
a big fat light about it I want more
than the like ice cream my one
for a year
like a continuation of last weekend
taking at once
like a flavour right there guys look at
that big that is crazy
whoa that is one of the craziest things
I've ever witnessed guys don't we have
to get on we have to get a oh my god
guys look at that
Oh yo this is freaking me out
I don't think I don't know why
ah burning so member I don't think I'm
happen
there's just a snake just at the top
thing I just heard something about snag
yeah I think we got the right instructor
on this thing right here right now guys
I heard there's a snag in there that
means like that's not too good that's
not too good I think I want to get off
oh we have to get out all right hey Mike
you evacuate the hell out of here once
he's got rip his pants
oh holy oh that's it mind you goodbye oh
my god oh my god get the back get
the fun get back get everyone don't even
oh don't say that guy he's dying look at
those guys they're gone you get him is
either a speck in the cloud I don't know
what's happening now guys but I think
they burnt something no that's a
cocktail guys I think there's a cut in
our I got I think I got enough burn oh
man but something doesn't seem right
this is I don't want to go back up I
don't think so either man I think we
should just get back in the band
buddy he looks at stress going on they
keep on taking off and coming back down
can they do it can they do it oh oh oh I
swear instructors just like they're in
there now guys that's a sign man don't
get off me go get let's say that right
before everybody get on they give us a
piece of paper to sign now with the hell
any time I don't get on EC should we
trust it this time
they got better
being married in
for like three days and vegans the air
balloon seems to be going up right
young-ran okay let's go let's go let's
go go go go go
baby
jump yeah jump right you know people
actually do skydiving I hate this hi
very good height this guy's so so high
and I'm scared of heights
you have your broken iPhone let's slow
it down
no but underwater drop test I told you
don't do that kill somebody down there
I'm tired that's it I got my snack like
yeah okay they can take us now you want
to go down get my friends from Miami
they just came from Miami guys 16-hour
flight slept yet and they're straight on
this that's how we do it would you
rather be stuck in the middle of a
desert in the middle of the ocean it is
it national yeah smart I'm really shy
wait yeah but the ocean you'll freeze
there's like an odd that's not smart
you're hanging out like a thousand
meters we got sky I know did it
Eddie don't do that don't do that don't
do that
so something cool guys we actually have
like a little sat-nav up here which you
guys may have not known about this tells
us where we are in the desert yes we
come in just any way we we can't land
just in the middle of the desert because
we'll be very difficult to get out again
and you guys we have to walk a long way
so we made a map for ourselves with all
the tracks the the roads and everything
so it's very easy to get in damn you
start yeah we got the mapping system of
yeah Moe's head is shining always been a
shiny
you know guys check this out we have
some camels down there and they're
scared of this balloon run down look at
that they running right now we're about
to land guys we're really close to the
floor if you can see that a fluffy tail
yeah are you serious what happened
there's a trucker down over here for
landing here hello Landing time do we
have to hold on okay
that was the craziest landing ever guys
look we landed like that talk about
adrenaline with ice hey we're alive on
five so we're actually gonna be getting
some certificates guys we look I don't
understand what did we learn learned how
to live has your name on it
it has everything on it yeah what the
hell what a vacation buddy who owns it
ups gonna stuff it off yeah hell don't
know I let a camel piss on my face does
presidency we're not finished with the
ride guys we're actually gonna go check
out some camels they have over there so
let's go they old itch to me calm man
come on son
okay so check it out we just made it
over to the camels guys is that black
camel all right seeing something that's
a dark skinned camel guys know I've done
if you can see I said I'll pay around
the lips
no don't Brody gets on me dead in a dad
oh he likes you
oh okay I hear noises I'm out a little
but again hey oh my god
that is so adorable I'm Loki scare for
now let's head home guys it's around
like 8 a.m.
let's get on the bus and go home bus
ride adventures 8:30 in the male 8:30
good now we've already done half our day
that's crazy I don't know if it's good
morning or good night well I don't know
probably I'm gonna probably end the vlog
soon just to go to sleep but it's
alright let's go sleep in bro we don't
see you normally I don't have breakfast
outside guys but today's our first check
it out look at it they go a night your
own bagel big an Adele fatty you just
ordered like the whole menu no it's
normal this is normal for breakfast
damn can you turn the palm you'll snap
so I know you guys have seen all these
fancy meals everybody else is having but
your boy moe you know we won up the game
we got two fried chickens that's and
some Nutella so right before we leave
guys we decide to take like a group
photo I'm sorry guys I'm sorry I said
delete on often I'm sorry guys here we
go
haha is that nice that's a good one
hey both camera yeah yeah Oh what that
oh oh oh I can change that that's Holly
wall-e that's my gym for now I'm gonna
head back home to get some steep guys
pee shop I think sleep is a good option
Bam Bam Bam
alright goodnight everybody on a serious
note guys I'm gonna go sleep and I'm
probably gonna wake up in about six
hours so towards evening ish because
today was the early start by the way
look this is motorcycle and it's been
here for a while now but it's so cool
it's like you know these three wheelers
like it's just been parked here for ages
but that is amazing good afternoon
so it's really a couple of hours since
the morning guys I'm thinking like a
five-hour nap yeah it's a very long nap
guys but I'm now pumped with energy just
do this let's do it guys
anyways now I'm gonna go take that
shower that's well needed guys like
they're still signed in my hair wait let
me try and show you guys I don't know if
you can see they're like stuff coming
out my hair I didn't take a shower I
just went sleep and now going to take a
shower to fully rejuvenate and head out
so check it out guys I just made it over
to my boys in the Adidas store we goin
on over here
our money damage you can see the bulb by
the way guys check this out the easies
are still sitting on shelves over here I
don't even understand it
shree by parent is is yeah the easy
massage I can't believe they're still
sitting guys they just have like they
have nothing like a super know there's
this guy's correct me if I'm wrong on
dishes to be sold out I'm gonna say
Michelle's here maybe it's a gas I don't
know that we're low anyways let's see
does anybody buy it and they just come
out guys I ain't you for the rap one I
didn't get it cool but they're saying
she'll know these are the ones that you
have to raffle for get out of here man
you see smile yeah bro Oh jokes aside
guys the Yeezys are not sitting on
shelves but we want to see if anybody
will take them ok so we're gonna leave
them right there to see if people come
in and say y'all like what's going on
they're not noticing it
there's Yeezys right in front of you
they not notice how do they not dance
I'm sure some of those guys there's
Easy's there's Easy's it's fun
hey guys I just met a couple of the
years 2001 stop what's up alright so
they're talking about it yeah he picked
him up but he didn't take him he didn't
take it he picked them up the kids over
there I'll take you come forward but
people have been taking since I looking
at them like are they real I know why
I'm surprised nobody's like going crazy
I'll go crazy like take them and realize
no I'm getting this is coming a meet and
greet Oh bro I got to start charging
adidas good my price will help they're
literally ignoring the easy oh my god
there's G's even though nobody knows
there's one day they don't looking at it
all those friends came but no it had
nothing he just ignored it the video
video I mean video mean video I'm gonna
I'm gonna go play around with it
I know salt sit down oh you want to make
it oh hey can't even look at the damn
Yeezys Tata Tata
you know what guys nobody felt for the
easies anyways if you're wondering I
actually won the easies and then my boy
Ross should pick them that that's how he
got them my boy Ross said you already
know we got the plugs out here nigga
Stan
I don't know what's going on but they've
got like easy water here Sameer Rajat
came to eat some food guys who came to
the steak place geyser this place I love
it because like all the different sized
steaks but yeah let's go
I want to show you guys how you can get
unlimited free peanuts okay the last
time I put them in my pocket okay know
that it is at this time we have a
takeaway bag okay
watch over back to me any team effort
guys to my friend left I'm just going to
take a bunch of them and put them in you
can have unlimited literally I'm gonna
take a refill and then empty again guys
I'm not getting I honestly put in
everyday guys a little bit of my pocket
guys going we give a couple of years all
right we're done here guys are done just
finished out my boy wash it I'm gonna
bunch of peanuts in here
alright that was not me
as always on a wrap up today's look here
now that I'm home I just wanna say one
thing guys like honestly out of all of
my friends it seems like I'm the only
one that's not having luck when it comes
to easy that my boy Ross have got them
my boy Esther got them my boy over on
won them like everybody has got them
except for me like come on bruh like
Kanye Kanye just descent your boy some
Easy's man for now
I'll catch you guys tomorrow with
another epic vlog I love you all by the
way don't forget to press subscribe if
you want to just be with me on a journey
or if you want to win an Xbox then yeah
be subscribed to because you'll be in
for that charts in like two weeks
stay awesome I love your yellow yellow
fine but
