good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog no we were
starting out today's vlog and you might
be wondering where I am right now this
is my office
welcome to the office this is my brand
new office yeah that's pretty much it
guys thank you so you guys might be
wondering yo why the hell do you have an
office mall okay pretty much my plan for
2018 I told you we're gonna start off
big I want to do a lot of things so I
need somewhere or I can hire people to
help me do these business deals if you
know what I'm trying to say look we even
have paper in our office that's how you
know it's professional guys no we got we
got envelopes we got all jokes aside
I've been working on a lot of things
recently that's why I look like I'm
about to die be a guys we have a brand
new office slow you even have sections
so somebody will be working there
somebody'll be working here I'm gonna
probably be over here you know the CEO
chair I don't know okay for now we're
gonna head out mommy let's go mommy Moe
is the CEO of the office by the way hey
for now we are officially heading out
honestly I just wanted to show you guys
what's going on because I have a lot of
things planned for this year so yeah I'm
excited
lights out whoa are you kidding me a
g-wagen limo what did you see today is
just getting better and better
hey g-wagen limousine that is the first
time I've ever seen something like that
oh my god oh my god it's next door sits
next to us okay so we are finally back
home right now and I have something to
show you guys I'm not sure this is legal
we have something very special in this
bag all right check this out
I kid you not this is real cash don't
ask me why
okay but I went and I took out real cash
yeah you guys will see a video on this
property tomorrow why I have all this
money but right now I need to go
deposits it back into my bank so yeah
this is what $50,000 looks like in ten
dollar bills it looks like I'm doing
something dodgy $50,000 looks like in
ten dollars this is what it looks like
guys and very dumb idea anyone takes
this footage my brother just got paid oh
my god these are all legit I'm not sure
how to prove it to you guys but if you
yeah you guys you can see it's all ten
dollars I mean damn wow this is a cash
pyramid right here let's go put this
money into a safe place oh yeah this is
what you cool the money bag right here
guys oh it actually perfectly fits into
my bag for now we're heading out so I'll
see you guys after I drop off the money
let's go yo okay so right now I just
made it to the Burj Khalifa check out
the light show wow it looks even more
beautiful from a distance hi guys so
right now I just finished up with my
deposit
basically I'm actually at the mall right
now and my friends are here buying a
Richard mill what
you guys know the super super expensive
luxury watch so right now I'm gonna go
inside we're gonna do Richard Miller
shopping hi guys so right now we are in
the Richard mill store and I'm here on
my friend and as a what's up man what's
up guys so basically he loves Richard
mill watches and I found out he was here
first things first
look at his watch all right so what do
you have on today 3502 rafael nadal this
is an RM 30 bow III completely free
okay so 3502 raffle in the downtown guys
check this out so it is one of the
craziest watches ever like if you guys
look inside the Richard mill like it's
just so complex and crazy anyways he's
here he's here because he's actually
trying to get another watch right now
for the Hat for the new year for the new
year yeah it's like new year new me
ling-ling 2018 wow this is clean so
which ones this is rm30
diamond it's a unique piece that you
don't find anywhere waiting for one year
waiting list of this watch Wow house
alright guys these watches are upwards
of $100,000 and you have to wait like
that because it takes time to make them
so now this is beautiful so basically
we're taking a look at this McLaren but
this one is really expensive we're how
much is this one I think the tour guides
the turbines are like half a million
dollars plus it's 1 million 1 1 million
dollars but if you want you can get it I
mean we're on a different budget right
now guys this is my old watch this
wasn't a rubber strap and we tuned it to
both crew basically we're here he just
picked up as much because he changed the
strap to read what was it before luck
goes black anyways for now we're heading
out I just wanted to show you this my
friend Ana she loves watches so thank
you more for Julia have to choose I'm
gonna help them choose a watch maybe and
then I've done 1 million dollar watch
they're not 1 billion we're gonna go for
like that the nice good ones ok so we
literally just finished up in the
Richard Mills store and look who I met
what's up should they subscribe to my
channel yes
you already know subscribe guys and
subscribe
okay so right now I'm actually about to
head out the mall and look who I just
met guys they're all the way from India
they're actually leaving tomorrow any
shots your friends anybody watching is
he married anyways for now we're heading
out super awesome me a bunch of people
edits for now we are heading back home
guys I'll see you on the other side Hey
alright so we are finally back home
right now I'm not sure if you can
actually tell but it is currently the
next day and I'm recording this okay so
basically the reason I'm adding this
into the vlog is I feel like I need to
talk about this we're gonna be talking
about Logan pull now in case you guys
don't know who he is I'm sure most of
you do this is Logan Paul oh my god you
I'm looking at Alliance Logan is in the
building right now we're about to throw
him in the lion cage you ready bro do
you need to throw me or can I just walk
in myself so yeah that is local pool I'm
sure most of you know him he's been on
my blogs a lot before and the reason I'm
talking about him today is I'm sure most
of you know there has been a huge huge
huge huge drama on YouTube regarding him
now
here's the thing I literally just woke
up today and my phone has been blowing
up like everybody's been calling me like
hey have you heard what's going on have
you seen the drama etc etc etc and
honestly no like I actually woke up I
had no idea what was happening until
this morning the media has been going
crazy guys here's the thing if you guys
clicked on this video for me to say
anything crazy I'm sorry to disappoint
you guys but I'm actually not gonna make
any comments right now because I
actually have no idea what to
really going on because I never saw the
original video Logan made a video when
he was in Japan and I think it was
regarding like a suicide forest it's
like a place where it's known for people
doing suicide now as I said I'm not
exactly sure what he recorded because I
never saw the original video but a lot
of people were upset the reason I'm
addressing this topic in the first place
is a lot of people have been asking me
hey like you know Logan Poole what are
your opinions on him or etc except you
guys honestly guys all I can say is when
we were hanging out and Dubai he was a
pretty chill dude like it I know a lot
of people at the moment I just trying to
like use people to try and get more like
drama out of the situation honestly you
guys all I can say is I'm not sure what
the situation is I'm sorry for what has
happened though because I heard it was
very graphic but yeah at the one I just
feel like there's so much happening on
the media guys like literally CNN is
even covered here and like a ton of news
articles so I'm gonna read up on it
before I say anything but I feel like
now in the heat of the moment I feel
like it's better if I don't even call it
about it because as I said I don't know
what's going on I don't want to say
anything wrong there you go for all if
you're asking me I'm sorry I don't
really have too much to say because as I
said I don't know too much about it in
case you guys are wondering no I haven't
like texted Logan asking about it either
because I feel like at the moment
there's already so much going on I feel
like the last thing you want is a text
from your friend trying to get like more
information out of the situation so guys
I'm gonna leave it at that and yeah let
me know I don't know guys let me know
more about the situation in the comment
section just so I can also understand
what's happening but yeah stay tuned for
tomorrow's video I actually have a very
very cool video plan now if you guys are
new around here make sure to click the
subscribe button and the notification
button and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow yeah leo
