Oh
yo yo everyone what is up welcome to
another vlog so today's gonna be a great
great day I'm eating chocolate right now
so I thought to be 2 hour but I'm late
to go to somewhere so I'll catch you
guys on the way and I'll talk to you
once I get there
let's go 1 2 3 the first thing I always
make sure to do is put parking money
guys the last thing like I think one of
the worst things is coming back to your
car and having a fine self
ain't nobody going for that today ok
yeah so I'm actually here at the Google
offices and if you guys are wondering
why so you already know your boy we hit
a million subscribers together but I
want to see where my play button at
YouTube where my play but anyways let's
go upstairs guys I actually want to show
you the office cuz YouTube or Google
offices are so cool okay so let's see if
they'll let me record like around for
you guys I just made it inside Google
this is like the eating area where you
need guys but I love it they have
everything so check it out you got your
tea you go all your snacks over here and
what's even cooler guys check this out
they actually have a chocolate fountain
yeah boy yeah boy look at this
that is crazy this is the gaming section
they have over here and they've got like
a bunch of arcade games but this one is
my favorite guys if you guys don't know
you have to man Pacman's arcade part you
guys it's just so hard to play this game
I'm vlogging like watch this guys okay
this is the best moment when you got
three of them chasing you I'm back here
oh damn no no no no I missed it very
gasps oh oh my god oh my god yeah let's
check this out I've got three of them
chasing me
no down Oh anyways as you saw I just
finished up at the Google offices guys
go play button is on its way boys it's
coming it's coming all the way from my
Antarctica it's gonna be with your boys
soon anyways let's head out let's see
what's pumping yo this place is so quiet
it's weird it's we type of quiet we're
back into humanity it's actually really
hot right now if you can see steaming up
a little bit it's almost corpus v guys
my parking ticket is 425 so we're good
that means no parking ticket I like that
you have faded Marianne like leave the
turn the dust for the sleeping
lost now I'm terrified and restless I'm
just about to head out guys B'Elanna is
not gonna be joining us because she's
getting ready cuz now she is an official
vlogger guys look she's customized her
only cannon with a heart really and
she's even gonna add sprinkles to
relight it what wrinkle I mean what is
this clear okay that's the thing she's
gonna add crystals to that's what I
meant to say I'm actually not blogging
at home and my brother my more just
basically just ditching okay basically
she takes too long guys so by the time
she gets ready for her blog we'll be
back to pick her up okay peace we out
you bye bye see you soon
you are so right
but I'm out bye the real reason me and
mom are heading out without Lana is she
kept on saying wait let me come with you
guys is because I want to surprise this
so she's been working really hard in
their videos lately but the only thing
is her computer sucks like it sucks so
bad so I'm gonna go buy her a good
computer just like mine and then come
and gift it to her and let's see how she
reacts she's gonna love it guys it's
been taking her five hours to upload one
video so yeah she needs one let's go
check you now or at the Apple Store I
wanted to Gary this and like a pink one
over here which looks adorable guys I
literally it's tiny if you look at the
size of this thing
it is like look it's the size of my hand
but because I wanted to get the exact
same one which I got it's a mummy's hand
so we bought it I'm gonna go wrap it and
then go give it to her so hopefully
she's gonna be happy with that they are
such a tease in this store guys so you
guys know how badly I want the new
iPhone and look at this in the middle
they just have them sing here like you
can use them and test them but they're
sold out which is just oh why why Apple
so the gift is just getting wrap right
now and look look at the color I chose
it looks amazing guys it's like this
chrome blue Pepsi blue as they say
wrapping paper this looks amazing guys I
it once it gets fully wrapped you're
gonna see she better love this I love
the wrapping paper more than the gift
guys that's how cool it is oh my god
check it out so this is the present as
you can see so let's go put this in my
car I just made over to my car guys
honestly tell me this is not the coolest
wrap job you've ever seen I'm gonna play
this song for her as soon as we get home
guys the Happy Birthday song so we just
made it home guys if you see the gift is
under my mom's scarf and the reason is
sometimes my sister watches the CCTV and
I don't want to seem like a big blue
packet so let's go inside
I think she's upstairs so I don't think
she's watching but just in case let's go
let's do this guys let's do this
upstairs blocking she's blocking right
now let's go this yeah
say happy birthday - happy birthday whoa
there is your birthday gift but there's
your birthday gift I told you I'd buy
you a birthday gift so here is your
birthday gift but you guys already got
me right but here's your second birthday
gift this is your real birthday gift are
you pranking me I think you guys are
pranking me I don't know why but this
thing is so heavy it feels like there's
metal or bricks it duh
rip it rip it suddenly rip it there you
go see guys hard work pays off yeah I
got a hug to you guys I just had bye
haha so anyways guys there you go that
means I can upload the blogs on time for
you guys her vlogs have been taking five
hours just the process so yeah eight
hours in total so she needed that guy
she did that's why I could say it was
late yeah so now you can expect like
vlogs every two days there you go happy
I'm gonna customize I'm gonna put
glitter on it basically whatever has a
refund policy she messes out because she
just stick stuff on it and it's bad yeah
you are killing it
they even have a cover on the charger
yeah I know
did you not know that guys yeah it's got
like a mini cover open the lid like sort
of wait whoa that is also it's like it
feels me yo you just oh I took it out oh
I messed it up
well this does let me check since mu is
home we're gonna be opening this this
came in a fan mail it's like a flower
candle I don't know how it works but it
should be interesting it's time this
this lighter I've never used it I just
bought it because it looks cool so yeah
oh great so when you light this off
apparently supposed to like open up okay
team effort guys on three ready that is
the craziest thing I've ever seen I've
never seen anything like it
thank you so much this is awesome crazy
bubbles is actually fighting with my
mom's hand
oh oh oh yeah actually they literally
fight so they're oh my god oh damn yo
he's like a Cobra oh I'm hungry I want
to go eat guys and this I know we don't
cook too much at home guys but honestly
that's nice hey my mom my mom yeah she
cook sometimes guys but it's because
we're busy there's sometimes everything
I get every day in the mornings and even
like lunch not dinner we go out okay
sometimes sometimes nothing a bad hair
day dude by the way the cat hates this
thing guys like she absolutely hates it
let's see if she'll play with it now
look at it okay what's wrong with your
cat
so we just arrived to eat guys look next
to me there's a pretty cool car that's a
guard the car that's a pretty cool Louis
over here you see that I love those cars
yeah though they look different but
check out the view now yeah as my
sister's trying to show you love tell us
where we're eating I don't know we're
still trying to figure it out guys I
like the music though yeah there's so
many places so I'm kind of confused at
this point they have a funfair going on
guys it's closed at the moment but if
you jump I think you can get what it
does
look I could do it should I try it I
can't I don't want to put it I think
it's gonna fold it look at that guy's
the view here is amazing Wow look at the
ceiling guys ok well it's one of my
favorite spots to eat but it is so busy
over here today that we have to go sit
upstairs so let's go I don't think I've
ever showed you upstairs in the state
it's really really cool let me lead us
the way the view is incredible here so
what for having a burger over here
anyways if you look behind me my sister
has been flashing her light in my face
the whole time they see you perfect no
we don't need that light in my face you
guys can see the amount of roasted I've
been getting guys maybe because of the
weeks it's crazy
your Jodeci one just got your guys and
check it out I just got my burger I like
to keep my burger simple Reza I just
have the beef fight and two pieces of
bread one man one burger
that down
I guess just be careful don't choke on
your food Bon Appetit
y'all look at these guys look at this oh
my god every try catch it it's attached
yes so I pull it off
that thing falls down therefore start no
mama it was exotic animals I like that I
like that a lot
ha ha ha whoa look at that look at that
ok go go go yeah I gotta go dad that's
crazy I don't think we're allowed to do
that but we thug life out here there's a
train behind you oh my god my mom was
like begging us begging us to come here
to get her bun guys and they have a
14-minute waiting so she can't even get
it yes how do you feel mommy she was
like I want to go have my bud I want to
go home no 14 minutes whoo wait who's
waiting 40 minutes for that to come
chucko chucko but look at this they sell
like rainbow colored mugs whoa that is
awesome check it out guys check it out
mommy bows is delivered latte you sure I
this is yours mommy I'm gonna teach you
guys how to eat a biscuit okay
god
ha-cha-cha
obesity joke all out there I just want
to show you something my sister's
vlogging her drink okay but what the
hell is that what the hell is that oh my
god off Ernie is out her pants oh my god
what the hell is that what the hell is
that people from outside and looking up
at we crazy they're like what the hell
they go what's that like god damn
generation is crazy guys whoa
look I read my faces guys oh I like it
emoji anyways we just made it home guys
my car's in the middle of the street
because mommy molana' are gonna go put
petrol in it hi peace I'm actually just
hold me guys I was fed up of driving
like I'm like y'all peace out I'm going
inside so yeah you can join them for the
ride I guess mommy mo she's coming back
guys
wait this is a ruffle you entered
yourself a raffle to win $100,000
what will you do this money mom if you
win this what are you gonna do let me do
yours I don't want me no you
mommy I was like maybe from my birthday
could you know knowing me enough more
more did you hear that she's not going
to give you the money I was gonna kill
you there you go
all right we're home mom entered into a
hundred thousand raffle yeah and guess
what she said she's gonna give the money
to everyone except you
she said it's on tape we got it on tape
oh he was wrong what she said she said
she's gonna get it to yo-yo squad she's
gonna give the charity
she's gonna give it to me but not you
always you're the favorite child guys I
always do it oh good
as always guys were a ruffle today's
lucky I hope you have enjoyed by the way
don't forget I'm doing a giveaway for
the Xbox I just realized
a lot of you were like so happy when I
announced this giveaway and I didn't
even know like that menu if you wanted
an Xbox guys so that's pretty cool
the only rule is to be subscribed so
make sure to the subscribe button and
you get to have a journey of life with
me I that doesn't make sense anyway stay
with some guys I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
and don't forget yeah Leo low-born but
