here goes nothing yo yo everyone good
morning welcome to my first ever
360-degree YouTube video so if you guys
don't know what's going on which I'm
sure a lot of you do but just in case
this is a video where you should be able
to see everything around me so if you're
on your phones use your fingers to swipe
around and look around so we're gonna be
doing a 360-degree house tour with this
enjoy the views and let's go so first
things first as you guys know the famous
garage yeah my sister's car here my car
over here I'm gonna try and not move
around too much but I think the best way
we could go past these is like this whoa
fine
scroll around look at these two beauties
and yeah this is the garage guys so as
you can see it's very dusty this was not
planned video this car is just filthy as
you can see probably but yeah I love
this view of this car man like this
Lamborghini I love the exhaust they just
look so beautiful then we have my
Mustang over here it also has like two
exhausts pretty nice also dusty I mean
this car needs to go for a wash but now
let's move on to the inside of the house
so this ice sheet is very unique like
that's why I wanted to do this video for
such a long time let's get to the trip
y'all whoa alright so this is our living
room which you guys see most the videos
and I'm sure you've never seen it like
how you're sitting here right now and
yeah I mean it's messy don't get me
wrong it wasn't like a planned house
tour I thought the idea and all that why
not
also look around just do your little
snooping just yet just analyze the
environment let's move on to the kitchen
I mean this much looks so cool and
jagged - Sierra - so let's turn on the
lights just to brighten the place up
there you go there you go
welcome to the kitchen this is where
mommy most spends a time wait up sorry I
didn't even turn on the lights
this is where hummingbird spends most of
British Italy my mom cooks here does
everything as you can see this place is
raw like right now I told you this was
it we didn't clean off the place to do a
house tour I'm doing it just as it is
now if you see right next to me over
here this is where all my skateboards
and stuff like a lot of them are anyway
so you got two skateboards an electric
board the hover board everything you're
wondering what that is that's the cats
tent let's go outside you guys can
actually go inside there whoa pretty
cool pretty cool anyways now it's time
to go upstairs so these are actually
stuff that you guys gave us in the fan
mail pretty dope free don't be
decorating the walls with and now we are
upstairs they can see you they can see
you okay this place is a mess guy in
Chism yes every way everywhere they can
see everything guys so as you can see
over here we have my sister's painting
she's working writing ideas down for
stuff I don't even know it's gonna be
for the makeup Channel and then this
this is my sister's room guys Wow
I know guys her room is it's better than
mine I'm gonna be honest it's better
than my room but as you can see my
sister loves white our whole room is
white like literally just all straight
out why
yeah let's turn on the lights yo let's
turn on the lights or yeah you can just
be like a normal human and put the
blinds to the side there you go light we
have light in this room guys yeah that'd
be a good idea done but basic previously
this room was with like some nice
alright anyways moving on to the next
room guy pretty boring room over here
we're gonna move on to mo blogs is room
guys the best room in the house okay you
ready for this boom this is my room guy
so just go ahead look around I know
you're old jealous right now cuz it
looks so amazing
this is my room is pretty tidy I mean we
got a couple of plastic bags over here
that's nothing to worry about I mean
everybody has that now this is the table
that I love like I never see here
honestly I never sit here but I
absolutely love this place I put all my
favorite things here my camera the cool
things you guys send me so these like
swinging pens and stuff I love it
and yeah my don't forget my favorite
thing my 100k YouTube subscribe like
your YouTube where my 1 million black
cat don't where my 1 million plaque at
doe I'm still waiting on you guys
but don't worry that comes to guys I'll
come soon and yeah generally except from
that my room is pretty boring I mean we
have a bunch I I put loads of the fan
mail in here
let's leave what do we have in my okay
look at this guy's fan mail we have
Hawaiian Islands the plate number just a
bunch of cool stuff in this corner as
well but now now I actually want to go
around the area with this thing now okay
let's turn I'm gonna turn off the lights
now you got mommy mode room over here so
you know what let's go to here as well
guys whoa hello they can do it feels so
weird that they can see everything like
just by swiping around but my mom's room
as you can see her is fully gold she's
got like the best room in the house guys
like mine's blue my sister's Wyatt my
mum's is fully gold the shine
these are even going damn you're giving
a fancy lifestyle in here alright
anyways that has been the house tour
guys let me know what you think about
this 360 camera setup and what I should
do next
for now let's continue today I just I
I'm so weird recording with this thing
like I feel like I'm just like
investigating everything it's like a
whole world right now that we're looking
at okay let's go outside of this thing
here goes nothing guys probably
extremely loud because the skateboard is
loud it's alright let's go into this
anyway alright okay so this is like a
little alleyway that's in our area I
think it would look pretty cool for
walking now in this 360 camera because
it does look beautiful but I can never
really show you guys how cool it looks
for the normal camera so that's why this
camera is actually perfect for this
place at nights it's pretty scary though
to be honest because it's really dark by
the way guys you see all of these like
plants and stuff you see those are from
people's garden so they've decorated
them really really nicely alright and
now we are next to the swimming pool and
the basketball pitch okay I don't think
I should be walking straight through the
cross guys but anyways we're just doing
it for the sake of this video this is
where I play basketball most the time
like this place behind me right now this
is where all my basketball skills go to
the test that's what's up that's what's
up anyways okay that was a bunch of
people in the same pool about really
awkward to go there with the 360 camera
guys but that's that back home pretty
dope
and now you're in back home guys I
thought I just go around show you the
basketball pitch and stuff like that
there's a gasps Clark I'm by the way
okay turn the camera around guys you see
this thing going by they actually sell
gas like they come with these huge gas I
know what you call it gas tanks or
something and then you just put it in
your house and that is what is used to
like key up your stove or whatever you
know that's what you for the gas anyways
Oh mommy you're right I got scared for a
second I was like what's going on so
wouldn't be much of a mold blogs blog
guys if we didn't go in a little car
adventure with this 360 cameras so
welcome to the first ever 360-degree
ride in my Mustang now hopefully we can
actually have you guys outside the
window but I'm not sure there will be an
issue into that so let's go ahead and
see what's up
Wow you're you guys are entering the car
360 degree right now whoo oh my god
let's go so yeah check it out this is my
baby this is my beast turn it on right
now so Wow not bad at all not bad oh
here's nothing guys
yeah yeah I see that we saw a couple
years gone right there
hi guys I think it's time you guys went
out the window the next morning you're
waking up in a cop britches the beach
honey can I put that on my wrist
okay so Miyamoto quickly came over to
the supermarket guys know like why not
why not do a little bit of shopping with
this camera okay what should we buy
money what why did we come into this
section oh we got spaghetti okay not bad
not bad yeah look at this one this is
got like some weird colors over here
okay you know this is not my section
guys I want to go to the chocolate it is
completely bad for me but I mean all
right which way do we go let's go this
way
oh I'm trying to look for a snack to
have guys something absolutely love is
these Cheetos but the only thing is
they're really bad for me like they make
me have a nosebleed so let's put this
back all right okay I'm kind of
squeezing it index
okay I think I just crushed off the
packet I think we need to head back home
guys I'm gonna wrap up my first ever
episode of a 360 degree block here I
hope you guys have enjoyed and yeah let
me know you want to see more and what I
should do I think the next best thing
would to be going a Lamborghini ride
with this like just pull out throw it
all put this outside the window I don't
know let me know what you guys want to
see and I'll try to do my best to get
that shoot now normally I would say Yolo
Yolo and bye to the lens but it's got
two lenses do I have to like cover both
I don't know I say awesome I love your
and yeah Yolo Yolo bye
