yeah yo guys how are you doing welcome
to another vlog so today I'm actually
going to meet up with my boy SGP you
guys know him
we made a rap song kinda together my
first ever rap song but yeah I'm heading
over to this house to have a little bit
of fun I do want to take however my RC
car because he has a swimming pool and I
want to see if we can actually take this
on this game for sure if it's still open
like maybe they've covered it since it's
kind of the end of summer but we'll see
it I want to know are you guys ready to
have a fun day cuz I sure AM let's put
this thing in my boot
let's go have some fun man I can't wait
I haven't been with my boy as she for
like a while and I think I haven't seen
him for like two months
hey guys check it out so I just made it
over to my boy s G's house I wonder if
he's still here let's see I hope he
heard my knock huh huh come in oh oh
he's here straight away what's up can I
come in
no no nobody's in me can I come in I
coming in to the traphouse guys without
what us so as you can see guys SG is
back in the building long time no see
guys if you remember last time I was
here I was spitting fire on this
microphone I killed it oh oh yeah
guys we're in the studio as you can see
have you read anything new like fire um
is there anything I can rap to well I'm
making this really high let's hear it
let's hear let me restart this
okay this isn't a freestyle track guys I
didn't know that side has a bunny over
here what did that you can touch that
thing
we're not yeah yeah yeah can I touch it
with a bite I don't know touchin my wild
rice mi Wow what does that mean it's not
the hard Thibault don't touch junior and
come back come back
oh I just love you yo Yin come back this
guy's just a dream I anyways we're gonna
go get my remote control thing to put it
on the stream pool guys if it drowns it
Said's follows his idea it was your idea
this is the same pool guys this is the
RC car I'm gonna see if this thing
floats or no no even floats I know it
floats I just wanted to see if it
actually goes okay
yeah didn't work out as I thought I get
out of the war let's see if we can do
that come on go go no oh my god it's so
weird something I know it's not left and
right that's the bad part I just thought
of a genius idea we make that a ramp
uh-huh we jump it of that I think my
idea was pretty good guys so we're gonna
try and jump this you'll try and jump
the RC car up this ramp this is a bad
idea this is how an RC car dives it's a
little bit tight in there but I think
he'll do okay on three good cause I on
three boom come on what is my back who's
this box of guessing more not to be
danged more lines B okay let's do that
she shade knows his physics guys I feel
he did a backflip he's definitely dead
guys we don't know s she loves to drift
his cars
Said's rabbit loves to play like hide
and seek so we're gonna play I didn't
see with this guy he's gonna chase it
and let's see how we act guys like
there's no way a rabbit like stupidness
it all right yeah I go three two one
hide
Jesus you just have to go there for like
a week and I just like you forget all
about it
I forgot all about me huh
you're lost I was here guys say it had
one fish one fish and now I don't know
what happened what happened they
migrated to your people don't believe
they just left just like they took a
plane and left to Europe
think they can swim there's nothing now
right yep so cute why don't you put a
snake in there what are all these
stickers bro are you like sponsored know
they're just compute computer Letty
what's that it's complete it's upside
down I saw yeah do you guys know I only
have two pairs of jeans ryuk a look at
how many shade has sperm what you call
that and this isn't even all the thing
that is not on them fit that's your
Excuse none of them fit oh my god so
guys I just saw I saw Sade has one of
these high-visibility jacket you know a
lot of firefighters use guess what is
the reason you use that and then be safe
from my findings yes finally his tracks
are so fire that he needs to take
precaution probably yeah
it's to fire in here it's to fire Oh
fives but now we're having our siege
coming in this car and I'm gonna go in
my car so yeah let's go me and Sade
we're searching for the toilets guys but
we actually found a way to get into the
movies without paying you know like
where you leave the movies or there
right now I'm not involved but if I want
to drag victory just free movie why
don't we decided to come play some
arcade game the first game
test his luck on the big wheel of spin
again so look at the size of this wheel
guys and the ones we want are these tiny
ones like they're so small in comparison
that we are oh you have to stop it oh
right let me try let me try
No
that is so very good boy
and what
all right one more try that you care
nothing guys
we're trying another game guys hey I
feel like it should be easier so honest
you just flip it over
come on we have this right
I should win this oh please
look at this crazy thing they have a
really nice actually pencil
my name is so crazy I have to keep on
doing this is your leg and it makes you
turn around longer so why are you going
to go for the healthy option which is
war for the other five oh I came now
real quick hey by the way shoutout to
awesome on Diwali
this is my third time that I ran into
them in three days I don't know how
we're always in the same place together
or you guys from Djibouti so there you
have so much awesome yellow yellow piece
thanks man that's actually super crazy
guys I met them three times three days
in a row and even when they came up to
here like yo mo don't think we're still
King or anything we're not but that's
crazy
how coincidental does have to be and
thank you what if it's not a coincidence
as DJ Connaughton q2 successes right
there hey ready
Oh
are there
and look at that tactic guys look at
that site day what you missed my so far
this a candy cool hi word we're playing
this we have to be able to win this
right
it's not taking my money
I guess it doesn't want to in candy this
is the best game I've ever seen you get
to keep punching boxes yes yes God here
he is after half an hour of hard work in
the gaming section guys but we ourselves
bubblegum light we won this
we literally won this is our points I
mean fair trade I guess like it cost us
around a hundred rooms but it's worth it
for those of you play pokemon go guys
and want to catch a pic at you and say
it's impossible this one's even like a
ninja I haven't seen this one it's like
a rap is a New York Pikachu
that's a dual action for the bridge yeah
let it roast involve low smarts you guys
oh my god guys we just found pcs we just
found Yeezys oh my god hey they're not
uses but they look very nice where's
I said yeah why is it y3 that's what I
want to know they're trying to make you
think it's a easy oh that's the name of
the designer there you go guys yo G
Yamanote I can't pronounce that but yeah
I think that's why the why is that say
II just showed me these these I should
really cool look at that this look at
the sole of the shoe and they look
really nice they're really nice light
and you can bend them show it show them
the bend test we have to test our shoes
guys look at that they're nice they're
nice no that's nice no all right
actually it's a little bit tight I think
so now I'm actually heading a home great
day with Sade yeah thumbs up for him and
we'll do more blocks to each other I
only bloke with you if I get 30,000
thumbs up what that is Rick and she goes
right there peace out yo guys hit that
30 okay that's good if we are a hundred
came in him I hang out every single day
for one night okay bless you you know
what to do I forget I press out adios
you know what's really funny guys as
soon as the song came onto the raid
y'all look only up next to us
a purple Lamborghini
I can't hear you
was it that most guy wasn't right now
her action was to do part two of the
shopping challenge all supposed to go
buy some stuff with my sister but they
change or something
shortly schedule whatever you call it
yeah oh yeah she's gonna back due to due
to $300 channel challenged in Chanel
Ralph Lauren Louis Vuitton yay I'm sure
you can find something in that budget
material
again we're not doing Park you could
challenge guys we're just not doing it I
spent a hundred derms on that yeah yeah
cuz I played a hundred terms of the
games and that's what I got
yeah my car is much more relaxing much
more fun has she gone drive she gon
drive guys you saw us she locked my car
the other day babe like you heard is she
cured it even he does nothing I want you
to do something for me rev the car
lower your my fans are revving their
cars well one more rep for you guys
let's see this piece
no more it's no Fulford
yo Gotti's I'm so hot today yes there's
a nice Sun that alter those think of my
no princess guys now there are home guys
I just want to show you something I
bought a couple days ago
this is putty I don't know it says put
but Chi PU TTY that's what it's good ok
it's good thinking buddy this is
actually really cool you're right it's
not time God ok no show no you're doing
she goes without a mirror a damn mirror
you're checking yourself in the middle
of the video basically this guy just
told me come see you add no idea what
starting to start working my god
look at this I'm sweating so much sorry
guys like this is not good for the
camera I why is it so hard to open
Omar your hands are slippery yo this is
like expired what's that what's that huh
it's crumbly out what is that guys can
you see that okay see that all I'm sure
is that this is expired you sure it's a
stretch bounce it stretch it tear it up
it sculpted so this is what it is and
when you actually squeeze it together it
becomes like white no so started
see-through and the more you learn the
more you press it the darker becomes
okay I think this is expired guys but
regardless its BRE cool it's like the
stretchy material thing it feels really
really dull look at that Wow
online and see how it is it's liquid you
pour out like I've seen videos of this
that's why boy guys but anyways this is
the second time I've got something
expired we're gonna watch a video
together to show you what this is
supposed to do again it's liquid glass
Thinking Putty give it time and it
returns to a completely transparent
state I just realized something guys so
in the video okay what they had done is
they put the lost like this and it
looked like he was going down like war
okay right in the corner of the video to
our time-lapse two hours for this thing
to become liquid anyways you know what
this is actually I paid $20 for this $20
for this what the hell are you guys
ripping me off why should you research
first you know what this is a pretty
cool stress toya yes what'd you say
sister I said $20 on its stressed or
there you go that's our liquid glass
Thinking Putty whatever no no don't do
that moment oh my God look at that guy
so sighs spying you see that you know
look at the texture of that you see that
yeah feels so weird it feels like a
rubber we had like some your hands are
super veiny like don't put this much
pressure into it and looks like you're
about to pop them veins there we go guys
whoo perfect okay as you can see guys
that is what braiding looks like with
Thinking Putty so imagine that is your
head and eyes your hair oh this is just
ridiculous
it feels so good taking it out see that
oh wow the bottom is so like fresh all
right and that is what you call a flat
putty let's see how see-through this is
I
hoping it's fairly see-through I mean
look at that Wow
we can just device to your face
so number food yes Oh three two one Oh
why are you aiming towards me Oh like
you Ready Steady Go my face that eco oh
hey guys so this is what you want to do
okay you want to make a little hole in
there yeah as big as you can then you
fit up with war so just like that and
you cozy at the top now you have a big
bowl for the war and we can smack in
eventually one side will give them more
out look at that kind of like a pimple
uh mom and is disgusting anyways for now
I see you guys two more stay happy
wonderful and awesome everybody and
don't forget Yali although I won't kiss
you guys today like you guys seem to
hate me doing the kissy think so
peace boom is that better
my
