yeah everyone rush so today's a crazy
day guys so what's happening it's a big
event guys event you guys have been
waiting for we have not been to any
events for a long time you guys be
killing us go to events mall and today
is a Lamborghini event an official
Lamborghini event so that further ado
there's a Lamborghini
we're gonna go and have some fun guys
let's do this five minutes to make it
before the heat let's go
the first song in the car
they're gonna be like skittles you know
guys like rainbow colors in the streets
is pretty obvious to support them
trying to get there on time guys as we
said were a little bit late just a
little bit so little early or late
whoa
so check it out guys we just made it
over here and look at the Lambo line up
whoo the skills are out the skills are
out guys okay so check it out guys the
lineup is crazy there's so many
different colors everybody is now
leaving guys this is insane
Wow Wow whoo it's so much nice
we finally made it up to the pack
basically there were I don't know we
just lost them kind of so we just made
it here yes good lot of the slowcoach
guy yeah very slow guys it's pathetic in
these events by the way the car I wanted
to show you that has a crazy rapid this
one guys check it out Wow
yeah that is crazy got some peace out
here today as you can see this is
actually a pretty nice one guys it's got
like a really cool design to it which is
awesome
and it's got like a body gear which is
free that's allowed on that is allowed
on my ears are already partially deaf
guys so I'm going to keep walking
showing you the cars and now in last
place guys in last place look who we
have over here finally so check it out
what's going on right now is this event
is actually put like a Forza game that
car game and everybody's taking photos
in front of this green screen and the
reason is they're actually going to make
a customized game so they're going to
give us the game I think so anyways I'm
not sure they're going to give us like
the game with our car on it so my
sister's turn is next now check it out
I've never seen something to take a
picture of a car with a green screen
guys so this is definitely a first
fridge pop is actually like a pro dancer
Oh
he's got the moves that's crazy
oh oh oh
yeah that's how good the Musa it just
came down I got no more such a crazy man
Recife cruising course dancing
everything so he just quickly came out
the safety driving briefing eyes if you
can see all the drivers coming out
basically telling us not to read them
into stuff like that
I don't know how this is going to be a
quiet event guys they told us we need to
keep it quiet
then on the roads I think you might calm
down
we're putting earbuds into our ears we
need earbuds right now for brain tissues
and I hear so everything is kind of
calmed down now which is a good thing
because I can speak to you guys but
there are so many guards out here
it's victory like seals for now we're
heading out guys to be exact there's
over 40 Lamborghinis here today and as
you can see they're just going to be
passing one by one by one is insane guys
here are the official drive starts now
guys I'm sorry we're cutting the cute
we're kinda cute oh boy I'm sorry guys
I'm sorry no we're getting so bad
guys look in the rear view right now
that's crazy
check out the cool cars over there right
behind us we have the lineup this is my
jam guys I'm in love with the lam boats
Hey here goes nothing guys let's go
have you ever seen as well $40 games
this is the biggest event this was the
biggest Lamborghini event I've ever seen
in history
oh that exhaust
oh look at this guy's that I feel like
I'm in a game that's crazy
so we just made it over to our location
guys with the cards as you can see
a beautiful day and there's beautiful
cars out here
now that's what you call a liner beat
that bra beat that anyways let's go
inside have some dinner guys
I was an awesome little drive over here
with some loud revving but uh yeah
Loyola let's go have something a guy's
by the way guys this place actually
looks really fancy check it out it's
like a tent over here which is dope
there's nothing really cool initially we
just realize we have a view of people
doing you know what's that thing good
it's the jetpacking
okay check this out guys look at that
whoa that's crazy
look oh my God he's legit flying right
now if you guys realize how high up he
is right now
you okay so we're just having some
dinner over here guys check it out we
got some pizza some drinks you already
know what's up what's up and over there
there's some Xbox is to be one guy so
you already know your boy I've got like
a million percent luck right now so I
think I'm going to win it anyways we're
going to eat up and then I'll catch you
guys if we get the Xbox robberies
they're just freaking that Xbox winners
right now guys let's see if you can win
cross our fingers and
yes I told you I told you you're gonna
win it
they actually have a little Lamborghini
Forza cake that's nice that's nice
okay for now we're heading out guys by
the way just to show you this is the
game like it's actually on release book
check it out we got I'm thoroughly copy
with our Lamborghini I wanna check it
out that's Lana's Lamborghini on the
cover so huge shout out man that's
actually really really awesome one more
thing I forgot to mention I think this
limousine it was actually part of the
event and if you're something like power
media I could have technically gone in
there and said like YouTube would media
out here but all the media people got in
that to do their videos which is pretty
crazy like they literally hooked it up
with a limousine like yeah if you're
media just go in the limousine and take
your shots I check it out guys Wow damn
we're hitting a ton right now listen up
I think that's the most action we've had
today guys okay so we just made it over
here guys
look at is one of my favorite cars I
just want to say look at the things we
do propose guys oh my god I'm a boss so
as if one person wasn't enough on the
gt3rs guys we're gonna have number two
are you ready come on one person is not
enough
I mean I'm coming on next don't be
nervous oh my god you're standing on a
car I just want to say you're standing
on a car
this is my first time since I like that
Wow
that's a nice car sitting on the car
it's not enough guys I think we need to
drive it smile and wave smile and wave
that's all you need to do oh my god
yeah how does it feel are you ready for
the roller-coaster ride now to take off
are you ready we put that on the floor
so you don't step on the floor and you
step off it great so right now with my
boy knowing guys and if you look in this
there's like fake snow and apparently
you make it with some powder so we're
gonna do it right now guys so that is
the powder and if you pour water onto it
it should turn into fake snow Oh dad
it expands so we got the powder this is
the snow and with water it actually
turns into it it's walking like this
feels so weird
let it go
we just got home you took away my senses
so before I wrap up today so I know I
showed you it over there guys but he's
so cool we have a game with my sister's
Lambo and plate number on it which is so
dope but look at eyes and it's Debye
themed like if you see that guys the
whole background is divided themed and
there is a lot more special thing I was
going to show you but we forgot it in my
sister's car and we left her car at our
friend's place so I want to show you
something else I got besides from that
tomorrow let me be honest with you the
game is not in there check it out yeah
just collect on September 27 so the game
is not out yet we didn't get it like
really early or anything pretty much we
just got the case that's it they just
Daisy game was the case but they
promised to give us the game when it
comes out anyways guys for now I'm gonna
wrap today's book here lost my I had
like three hours of sleep so I'm I'm
ducking out right now okay so I catch
you guys tomorrow
they awesome I love you telling your
look
by
