yeah dummy dummy dummy boy something
whoa oh my god yo guys what is up
welcome to another vlog how are you
doing so the first thing I want to do
today I've been watching a lot of
skateboarding videos and since one of
you guys sent me my own Molag skateboard
as you can see my mommy's hand
MV in the building I actually want to
try and learn some skateboarding right
now so hopefully I don't hurt myself I
dressed really comfortably everything is
like very flexible so let's see if I can
at least try and do one trick with this
thing today don't forget guys yellow
Yolo Yolo Yolo you only live once I'm
just gonna your strength first ok just
to get when your legs don't look like
they used to before the first trick I
want to do guys is a 180 but bearing in
mind I've never done skateboarding in my
life so this could be a little bit
harder
holy crap skateboarding is so hard what
happened is any other tricks anything
else uh okay I don't want to break my
ankle guys
how do skateboarders do this this is
hard I want to keep trying and if you
try I will do whatever it takes because
I don't believe in failure I believe in
getting up as many times as it's going
to take me in order to see true success
in order to see my dreams become my
reality maybe get a skateboard out the
road yes yeah I know
yes we did it guys as I said the eyes
never give up I've been here for like 25
minutes I felt like a hundred times we
did it whoo you guys don't even realize
how happy I'm like I spent a good 25
minutes reading my mom was like yo let's
go inside you can't do it knows I know
mama I believe I know I can do it whoo
that was the most I've ever done
skateboarding in my life anyways good
morning guys
yo yo yo how are you doing chase your
dreams guys chase your dreams eyes I
clearly went and washed up because I was
way too sweaty to go out I shouldn't
told you guys about something so if you
don't already know I bought this camera
like two weeks ago and it was pretty
expensive the whole setup cost me about
$2,000 guys I actually haven't even used
it for one whole vlog and I'm really
disappointed because I wanted to make
this my daily sell but it's just way too
heavy to carry around like I blog with
it like this just like a blogger does
look my bicep is already tensing just
holding it like this p.m. and I just I
feel so bad looking
just sell my table everyday anyways
besides from that one camera which I'm
definitely going to use this week and
you guys have hated me for not using is
this thing guys the 360 degree camera
and I know you're probably going crazy
at me right now honestly I just haven't
known what to do with this camera line
what type of video to make but this week
I promise I'm just going to make any
video whatever it is I'm going to think
of an idea and just put it to use
because that thing can make the craziest
videos ever life you guys don't know a
link tree records everything everything
and you can scroll around with your hand
and look behind me and it I should have
fused a long time ago I apologize but
this week something special with that is
coming anyways let's head out for today
go out have an awesome day I actually
want to start wearing my Hagin the Hat
look is kind of cool I think I've
evolved it makes me look younger I don't
know is it just me it makes me look
younger also one thing I need to show
you so if you remember I did the toilet
paper challenge around my body and
because of that look how much toilet
paper we have in the downstairs bathroom
guys I literally we just had a bunch
extra rolls and I'm like okay let's just
pile it up put it in the bathroom and I
think she'll take a long time to use all
of that because nobody uses the
downstairs toilet like except for guests
and I don't think guests are gonna go
through that much toilet paper unless
they're like explosively going through
some digestive problems this is my jam
this is my jam guys
tell me why you would tell me why yo is
this a new song guys really - so
that actually sounds like a Taylor Swift
kind of song you know them older Taylor
Swift songs anyways we just made it over
here to the mall guys let's go around.i
she wanted why this oh right I actually
got to go buy this thing for cooking you
know them things that you make them
really cool eggs like smiley face eggs
frog shape eggs I want to get one of
those templates because I want to have
myself some nice breakfast from now on
yo check this out so you just came over
to this home decoration place over here
look at this there is literally an
astronaut in a glass container that
definitely make you look like a boss
okay we're gonna look around because I
want to decorate my table a little bit
more at the moment I've got that globe
you know that light up one but I think
stuff like this look really cool I look
this is a bottle with an LED light in
there it's kind of like something I can
light up my room and look ooh you know
we just came out of that storage you
know how much that light bulb cost two
hundred dollars guys
yeah $200 for that little glass again I
think I'm gonna pass on that let's go by
the cooking equipment now so usually
when I think of popsicle sticks guys
it's something like a rocket or
something simple you know okay like this
I found like the weirdest thing guys who
wants to lick a foot shape popsicle
stick on my god I just fell look at that
it's literally a foot by the way if you
guys remember remember somebody sent us
those vinyls that been like turned into
clocks look they've actually got some
over here as well
that's pretty crazy so check this out
guys I'm trying to stay put on one wheel
it's like one wheel hover board let's
see if I can do this
be nice instead
as you saw I'm really rusty on it but my
man over here is a professional it's
like a one-wheeled hoverboard
it's crazy oh my God look at that
it is literally the Back to the Future
movie right here guys that is what you
cool awesome Wow oh my god
and yours yeah this thing is I should
really really crazy let me know if I
should get it it's really hard at first
but it seems I want some things that's
just really fun and you're gonna put
this back for now that's like a crazy
one real hoverboard except from that
awesome hoverboard one thing I should
really really want to get it's a drone
so check out these bad boys if you sold
all the day we went to the island this
was the drone I think we were using I
really want to get myself like one of
these big boy like the proper drones but
as thing is I just don't want to crash
it actually huge was like Casey nice
that he's crashed about ten and they're
not cheap guys so I don't want to be
that guy but yeah it drones is something
I really want to get I just have to
think about realistically where I would
use it because I need to go somewhere
empty no I don't want to drop in some of
these house or anything but they're
really cool for getting shots if you saw
her into the island the shots turned out
amazing and I was like three seconds of
shots before we lost control of the
drone that drone was also about to crash
and die guys so we're lucky that didn't
happen but yeah so I came over to this
cool gadget store they have I'm getting
this back scratcher but look what my mom
has on her she's got one of these like
massager things what is that for the
neck that's crazy
he's everywhere if I should go on the
biggest slinky ever here guys look at it
it's in my mom's hand this thing is the
size of my mom's head like look at it
that's crazy that's crazy
talk about crazy things guys look at
this clock illusion they have over here
for a second I was like what the hell is
going on but they've got like a melting
clock over here which looks like really
cool and this is like a standing version
of that okay I'm absolutely in love with
gadgets doors guys so check this out
this might look like a regular like
statue by you guys but no okay mommy my
show them what it is it's a perfume
holder there's two perfumes on either
side guys and the bike is just there to
hold them like that's that you should be
crazy we just finished up in that store
guys and I actually bought a really
really crazy thing that I didn't show
you guys because I want to keep a
surprise until maybe tomorrow but it's
in this box it's massive let me just say
it's absolutely massive and you guys you
should love it like it's crazy I
actually found out about this thing I
don't want to say the bloggers because
you guys will instantly know what it is
but just know that this is going to be
something grandiose hey Jay I just came
to order my food and this one is
actually super dope guys if you look at
it they were like everything on the menu
on this thing like a like a mega menu
behind me any
just order the family meal you know that
big nappies bucket to go now you should
be good today we're literally like the
lost people in here waiting for our
through light they're giving us the lost
pieces of chicken today
they change their chairs climb else cool
hi thank you
appreciate thank you so much we got the
fruit - we got the food
whoa yo oh my god I literally just sold
the moon right now in the reflection of
this camera that is massive because that
looks like you can catch it pokeball
pokeball by the way guys shout out to my
boy please Nancy hey what up
and enjoys you're helping us out yeah
that's what's up pardon your squad right
oh we're switching from being a video
language that's awesome man thank you I
gonna go get some milk pieces that guys
also man that got salsa man here is
let's go milk is good for your bones
guys milk is good for your bones yes
they have milk normally at this time at
night they actually run out I can
where's my mom what are you she we're
worried she gone what Oh what what are
you doing here mommy yeah I think I need
a robitussin I do I know nothing whoa
max some more are sipping on Jersey but
non-driver sipping on drying should put
it on dry all about it moola
all about of the motor that karaoke
section made me go gangsta Mon I mean
let me turn my hat back again guys I
mean once I go into my mold I go into my
zone you know what I'm saying
really guys really I mean seriously you
have to do this to me I just realized
somebody while I had parked my car had
written wash me more vlogs I mean come
on come on man you don't have to bake me
out like that I know my car's dirty the
last thing I wanna do today is open up
the perfume which I got this thing was
actually surprisingly cheap guys like
normally my normal perfume i buy for
about 400 dirhams okay I bought this for
100 that's like $25 yeah $25 is so
pretty decently priced I mean why not
the only reason I got it is because of
how it looks oh wow this is literally
the best $25 I've ever spent
guys look at that packaging Wow that is
actually crazy like I actually think I
need to buy some of these for gifts okay
now I kind of gave myself away with the
price damn but yeah guys look at that
that is actually surprisingly very very
cool for the price I'm actually gonna
just leave it on my table or every care
light as decoration guys and whenever I
want to go out guys I can actually just
take this and spray myself I look this
is actually your working spray guys see
that
and it smells really good as always I
just want to say I appreciate every
single one if you like recently I've
been seeing a lot of you in the more
like just taking photos and stuff like
that
and it's such a good feeling when I see
like some of you are literally
speechless like they come up to me like
but they don't know what to say they
literally just start like panicking and
I'm like let's say your photo it's
alright and it's like a whole different
feeling so I appreciate you all I love
you all
if you do see me don't worry just come
say hi even if even if you don't want to
say anything literally to say llamo I
want to follow with you and then go away
like I understand guys so no worries
though but yeah I'll catch you guys some
more for another epic blog this is yo
this is gangster mo in the building Sun
and let me know if I should think I look
really good with the Hat guys yeah yeah
you you I feel like I'm a rapper anyways
as always love you all
Yolo Yolo catch you guys tomorrow Oh
