yo guys what's up how you doing welcome
to another vlog so this morning two of
you guys came by your Scott people and
you're just good people you're Scott I
don't even know what to call anymore
but they gave me a gift they gave me
more Mike like seriously
more my if you guys don't know more my
is is one of the most disgusting sources
I don't even know why people you I think
it was just invented as a torture
challenge thing like this I don't know I
don't know who has this but besides from
that I actually want to customize one of
my skateboards today it's not really a
skateboard it's like a surfboard so if
you guys remember this surfboard I
bought a couple weeks back I actually
have not been using it too much and one
of the reasons is I just don't like the
color I honestly don't like the color
and I want to just make you funky and
blue so as a great youtuber once said by
the name of Casey nice that guys you
can't make something your own until you
customize it so that's exactly what
we're gonna do today okay let's get
started guys now the thing is with
spray-painting guys as I've learned from
my mistakes you want to go very smoothly
and from a distance okay don't get too
up close and personal with it
okay well that is the first off guys now
time for round two
okay a couple of mistakes on the way
guys a couple of mistakes on the way so
as you can see guys that is what the
skateboard looks like mine just looks
really really nice
I also don't know how to put down proper
newspapers and I completely messed up
the floor all right well at least I made
myself a nice little skateboard guys I
think I did a pretty good job for my
first time okay it's not my first time I
lied guys but anyways anyways that's my
new skateboard guys because I need this
to stay exactly like this guys I think
the best place to put it is right in the
middle of the street that is such a
perfect spot to let my skateboard drive
that is crazy if it falls by the time we
get back I blame mommy because she told
me that she literally just told me put
it in the tree I saw even though it's
awesome that could potentially fall by
the time you get calm it is wobbly but
only in this direction you see you guys
whoa okay I wouldn't want to test you
like that much mommy alright we're gonna
clean that up guys I promise I promise
there's not gonna be a blue stain here
Hey look at this look at this charcoal
lighter fluid is is just gonna remove it
this is used to make a fire mummy I have
no idea where my mom found this out but
apparently lighter fluid gets rid of
spray paint all right it's all you mummy
after like three minutes it's actually
started to go with lighter fluid show
that mummy what the hell
I did not think you to work so I guess
my mom's a genius super good if you guys
remember a while back I did the $50
shopping challenge so today I actually
thought of a new challenge idea I
haven't seen this done before but it's
the sister bhai's brother clothes
challenge thing I don't know again I
just made it up
so what I've done is I went into my bank
account I pulled out whatever I had
which was $300 dish a thousand dirhams I
want to see I'm gonna give the money
over to my sister I want to see if she
can buy me a nice pair of clothes like a
whole outfit guys wrong so you can't go
back and change it and you can keep the
change
yeah I want tee shirt pants maybe shoes
yeah money says no watch some glosses
and finally some diamonds to match what
the rest can come out of it this my I
can buy is the shoes my oh yeah I know
where it should be you don't goodbye
good morning guys that we can do I know
any harm this is gonna go to my pocket
for dinner oh yeah we need dinner don't
we me and you go shopping okay we're
gonna eat with that I give two for you
and another three from your mommy and
yeah okay so like that much for you
anyways guys the cameras going over to
my sister you're gonna be joining them
along their shopping spree let's see if
she is the fashion artist that she
thinks she is because I've got a pretty
good fashion sense
look at this guy's I look good so if she
messes up my swag and my money you know
she is rubbish up fashion you know your
your reputation is on the line today it
is counting the money you're down here
in my hood anyways by the way I want 25
thousand likes and then she has to pay
me to go shopping for her how about that
okay 25,000 I know you guys can smash
and she has to pay me to shop for her I
bet you my pajamas I bet you I can buy
her bear clothes and she buys yourself
ok so we'll catch you guys once we get
to the mall so see you guys hey guys so
we're finally out the mall right now and
I'm gonna start the challenge with mummy
we've got the money with us we actually
ate so we kind of cheated to the great
focus and now we're going to go start
the challenge so me and mommy have
chosen our first shop it's actually
debenhams so we're about to go into the
shop guys and let's see what they have
I'm still looking for like the men's
section hopefully when I find it I'll
try and choose some stuff for him that's
if I find the right thing we were about
to find something but mommy made me go
she's like no no
it was actually very busy guys so I
think we're gonna have to try another
shop there was a bad back there like a
sale going on because it was so busy
mommy decided to run away sign no no no
because it she doesn't always like Rick
or was too busy there but yeah I don't
know we're gonna try another shop chosen
to come to another store and powerful
fingers crossed
so this is where we're going guys we're
going to go in twos our genes
okay we get to this budget you need to
have so we still have a lot left in the
budget so I think we've got the color
that socks you want socks and shoes this
is nice
he's gonna love how much we can fit the
budget so it is sucks
thanks nice yomo what is your shoe size
u.s. 11 and your top is media look very
big though medium so I'll take a medium
Charles is large okay all right okay um
well hon no he's a large person all
right thanks but my dear let's go looks
how much add the price so twist $6.99
that's involved
yes we can't respond Easter or pants oh
you want everything yeah nearly hot
button left oh that's amazing this is
okay this is all capable we can't wait
until we can pay for this and I'm
excited but I've never done this like so
quickly though we managed to get some
shopping done
I'm really happy let me actually put him
shoot and in like Charles and Anna
thought so that was mission accomplished
now we're going to go to get him I think
some of the boxes
sucks that's what mommy suggested so the
rest of the money is here we actually
have 1200
and three remaining so let's go to the
next door do you want to get in boxers
as well yes I quit you have to do this
this is your selection I don't know what
to get your son saw the final I think we
got in sucks it matches that little
outfit we've got we've got that green
thing on the front
large boxers let's go pay for these and
we're done guys no more shopping come on
now I'll have a coffee
we just had Starbucks for the rest of
the money sorry more but we needed that
break we worked really hard at this show
okay stop the date for us hopefully more
will be home to try on the clothes and
you guys can like see and I go let's see
what his reaction is first and also you
guys tell me I did a good job with mummy
more I hope we did okay check it out
guys so while my mother sister are doing
some shopping for me you guys should
probably know where I am right now if
you don't I'm here at the main man
Simon's house with your boy mo money of
course but sigan actually has a message
to all of you guys what's happened I
know there's an issue guys there's an
issue the issues actually let's say it's
a positive thing that doesn't mean it's
a good thing it's a bad it's a good
thing but also so I've received 20,000
emails which I appreciate so according
to my IT department that was the reason
I couldn't really enter my email for two
days because the crash having said that
I would really appreciate if you use the
forum at startup eurocom because that
really organizes your thoughts and your
applications very importantly it's gonna
make the her life easier the person I've
hired full time now to go through your
ideas whether you believe so yeah she if
she hurries up she can finish it in 60
so every daughter you know I told you
about you guys emailed it so much that
you couldn't log into his email account
so it's a good thing and a bad thing
because that was not the rules guys
don't hear em but yeah sigan is actually
hired a full-time person just for you
guys
pre click you very much appreciate thank
you for crashing the email guys for
making a fake account name Oh money
my picture with a monkey on it with a
monkey with the monkey kissing my face
aggregate photos and I saw no that's who
I had to respond guys check this out so
my mole has been gang impersonated on
YouTube Mo Money
I first first of all somebody NRA era
whoever you are goes hey your boy mo
seems like a cool dude to chill thank
you you're cool too
but somebody goes for show I'm a shark
and that was not me brother I'm sorry
so I responded obviously that account Mo
Money is not actually me you don't have
a photo they actually have a photo of me
with the monkey look in my back that's a
nice picture like I would have chosen
that but like oh my god you guys just
have a lot of time personating mo guys
don't do that don't do that I guess I
don't know I try to report you by the
way would not allow me it is an invalid
report or something like what is my name
and my picture how about I gonna get ya
guys
I had to show his real picture first so
on on the day we took some Panamera
photos of the iPhone you know zoom out
so they can see the whole thing so we
took wait on second we took this
Panamera shot off mode so it looks
pretty normal guys as you can see right
until you zoom in so once you zoom in
god damn look at that face amiable that
is a I mean look I was actually gonna
post that on my Instagram he was look at
such a nice picture so with the full
version Oliva and everything and then
you zoom in I was like
oh god damn what monster yo if I saw you
like that realize this was good oh my
god ready bro money that's his brother
that's brother brother his brother as
bro man he's Mo Money planet Jupiter
Mars where the hell's get that face god
damn and it's so you just so this is
real nothing else is deformed guys only
his face turned out like that how about
this guy's 30,000 likes on this vlog and
Mo I have this is a display picture for
his Instagram his Gmail everything how
about you already doesn't know it's
gotta be a hundred down there bro it's
impossible okay how about this 50 50 is
like impossible from 1,000 likes is not
much bro for my channel it's impossible
50,000 and that's going to be his
Instagram picture for a month at least
how about that I fine last thing I show
you guys before I leave today so we're
actually looking at data from the forms
you guys submit and this is one of the
questions that there's on the forum how
old are you and I'm sorry to the person
you answer this okay so you can see the
ages right here and one person replied
with their date of birth just one person
I'm sorry if that's you but the question
says how old are you it literally
doesn't get that difficult obviously you
have a couple of very legendary species
over here 2000 years old a billion five
hundred but did this one I'm sorry it's
just instant disqualification 1099 you
visual maybe you actually meant that
because there's a 2000 year old there
but maybe we found his special face
and here's guys just finished up over at
science place I'm heading off home let's
go see why mom and sister got me here I
have a bad feeling guys I feel like
they've just trolled me like I called
them my sister was laughing so that's
not a good sign
Oh check it out guys look at that
gorgeous Wow and I think there's like a
Ferrari down there but look at this it's
absolutely gorgeous like let me hold on
to this but it's car spotting
not to go guys we did it
can I hit this and recommend
the core guys
- and the blood
thank you so much
what up what up what up
it is finally moment of truth one thing
I do have to say that I don't like all
of your shopping is from one store ok ok
thankfully all that wait are you sure
about - okay I want you guys take a look
at my clothes right now let's see if she
made it bad yeah you that means she's
basically not being this guy oh the
shoes I got you fishies yup I got your
stuff we half the budget but but nice I
think the core of that went because
mommy said we need to get you socks and
boxers what about the challenge
mommy's head socks and boxers give me
the change wait you only have 150 left
you spent 850 mommy said you need to get
your boxers Hey look at this hey okay I
believe you guys there these are nice
socks guys because your tops has this
color so this is the top I got oh okay
that's nice I like it I genuinely like
that top Oh style of trousers so I think
which way is it this way right
oh yeah look at that this is cool right
that's ugly I honestly hate those shoes
oh yeah that looks like you know that
geek in school that wears those shoes
and everybody makes fun of you comment
I'll make sure they look really nice
they look okay okay you know what they
look okay but come on man you couldn't
throw me some Yeezy some Nike some
adidas I got motive dude let's change up
as you can see on this decide this is me
before I take a good look let's see how
I look after so as you can see guys this
is my new swag what you think um always
feel anything are you better why no you
know what it is is the trousers are too
tight
I'm sorry mama check it out it's too
tight I'm sorry I didn't think myself
into Mary I think what Charles are too
tight for you oh you just spend $300
making you look like a girl oh oh my
gosh yeah yeah they do they do
I'm coming to get my money back sure I'm
gonna get one more fine you know I'm
keeping the ship it shall I be sure the
paths I'm changing sides the sheets look
okay oh gee um I think your shoes look
okay why not they're okay anyways guys
there you go that was the $300 charlie
for my sister
make sure you get the life now it's your
turn your to make sure you get into a
shop that I can refund okay make sure
there's a refund policy
your refund policy guys today is okay
you didn't leave your job I'll give you
a six out ten guys but there you go
laughing hey ain't not like a no seven
out of ten guys that's what they get
seven are ten I think you need a bigger
size no chance I like the trousers I
love bootylicious in this boot Eva shops
okay
now you're like god damn why I love
colleges you know what just to torture
her guys I'm gonna wear these trousers
every day just the torture I'm gonna
walk next door in the mall like y'all my
sister bought me these trousers that's
what's up that's what's up well there
you go guys that's my new outfit bull
black great you guys are cheering for
yourselves anyways as always you guys
were to wrap up today's look here but
before I do hold up it is time to
announce the giveaway winners of the
GoPro and the vlogging camera so before
I do guys I shouldn't say please do not
go and make accounts with those names
saying that you are the winner because I
actually subscribe to the people
beforehand so I know if it's a fake
account or no I'm just saying this
because I don't want to waste your time
and my time because it kind of does
create a little bit of annoyance for me
because I look through my emails and I
get tens of hundreds of people saying
that it's me the winner so I do know how
to check if it's actually you but if you
are one of the people I'm about to
mention now just update your buyer with
your email account so the winner of the
GoPro is drumroll please Chris Vaughn so
if that is your youtube name go on your
profile and update your Gmail and
secondly for the vlogging camera it is
Ryan Gosling so congratulations to you
guys if you're somebody I applied and
didn't win I'm actually going to be
doing another give way very soon as as
soon as I can afford to do on anyways
but comment down below what I should
give away next so I'm thinking of either
like a MacBook or a laptop or like an
electric skateboard but let me know what
you want it to be next and yeah
hopefully I can do that within the next
two weeks for now catch guys timorous
they also love you all
yeah y'all know goodbye whoa
