is that the police that's not the police
it is the police
oops guys blue lights mr. bumpy Oh Oh
buddy buddy got a psycho bullshit oh wow
oh yeah I never getting in this car ever
again because I'm old July we're not
using us in America
give me it over give me no ah must no
one I have kissed oh damn boy
yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
vlog today me and mommy mode aside take
over again we're gonna be going to the
supermarket and guess what it's for
guess what is for mommy next quick milk
chocolate powder we run out and I was so
upset and I thought we need to go there
and buy everything or else I'm just
going to be very sad guys we did it we
did
let's go guess what time it is Nesquik
time
oh no they don't have my favorite nestle
love is the only of the other ones
shoppings done we're finally back home
there's more vlogs in the house what
happened she didn't start to his blood
mom guys I've been working the grind
don't stop me I hear and you get my feet
in the water
hey guys I shall be a mummy more me my
mark really gonna go head out to the
yacht place guys and let me tell you the
final decision so we ended up getting an
88 foot yacht which can fit 65 people
which is kinda like a little bit more
than the amount people were expecting
we're expecting like 1015 so we have to
try and fill it up with people I don't
know what we're gonna do but regardless
I need to go put the deposit down for it
now and hopefully we can also check it
out this is my jam guys life can flip
matter seconds one morning you wake up
with the projects the next morning you
wake up in a 1.2 million dollar car dude
I will compare Nobu
Oh
Oh God
check it out guys so we just made it
next to the yachts and we're gonna go
see the one that I'm getting but look at
this they got some big yachts over here
are you guys ready to see the yacht that
we booked guys check it out
yeah this is massive Wow okay I like it
I like it let's go check out inside it
even has like a little simple guys so
let's do this mommy wait for me wait for
me
Wow look at this guy's that is nice I do
have to admit guys look for now we're
gonna go inside to check it out wow this
is nice you like it it's big right
anyways check it out guys this is the
yacht we can go downstairs oh yeah wow I
don't even think we have enough guests
to fill this up they have a fridge
inside here this is a house this is not
even a yacht this is a house oh my god
this place has like a full bedroom it
has like a seating area downstairs a TV
we're literally like 10 15 people and we
have our own kitchen over here which is
pretty awesome by the way let's check is
there anything else in the fridge guys
we could do an ice challenge there
alright let's go see what's up honestly
this is nicer than I thought like I
think we picked the perfect yacht for
this birthday guys I'm sure my sister's
gonna be happy once she sees it because
it is honestly so good there's a there's
a damn swimming pond here and yeah
that's go upstairs see what's up this is
a big boat Wow
Wow look at that that is impressive guys
I can't believe I did not show you the
main thing there's actually a passageway
to the front of the yacht which I
completely forgot to show you guys so
like I've been in some yachts where it
does not have a railing so you're
literally like walking without trying to
fall but this is like a proper just like
luxury y'all don't like trying to tiptoe
your way there look at this you could
actually see mommy go inside Wow hello I
don't think she can see me guys hello
but now we're heading out you guys I
love this button so much it opens the
threat it's so cool hi boys well there
you go that is the yacht I just want to
say one thing you have to be careful
there's war on either side of you but
look at this they've got like a security
door so not everybody can walk in that's
pretty cool honestly the worst thing is
planning guys just when nothing is
planned you're so stressed out on
everything but let's go
we got the yacht covered now so check it
out for now we're actually leaving to go
home guys and I just found out some
pretty crazy news so guys may know
there's a youtuber pretty big pretty big
youtuber and he lands in Dubai today so
I'm meeting him today I'm gonna go over
to our friends place grab a Ferrari
let's go see Adam y know I know I show
him some fun around divide as well
hopefully he's not too tired he lands
tonight but I'm sure the prior waking
him up I just made it over here to our
friend's place and I had two guys so
they had a Lamborghini available as well
but I just can't resist this Ferrari
guys honestly this color just makes me
smile so I'm taking the four five eight
out again today whoa look at this beauty
man our friends at Park Lane car into I
swear they were like some of the sickest
cars ever like I would go over there
they put like a whole lineup of cars
like Lambos Ferraris more over here but
this this is the car I love guys this
one mommy you ready to go on the ride
let's go guys all right put on the brake
press the star button
well then I can relax not be both
sitting back you're relaxed windows
coming down we're hitting a tunnel right
now with mommy ball
you already know she enjoys this type of
stuff you ready for this
Wow
one more time guys
she already know mommy how could my
driving it's good yeah it's good man
it's scary guys
you don't realize like my heart is
pumping right now so we create just made
a home guys I'm gonna run to the toilet
real quick I need two guys so be right
back and let's head out whoo okay that
was a wallaby the toilet break guys I'm
gonna head out for now I love you mommy
let's see you see ah we promise to go
slow guys we promise to go slow
Bugsy's what are we going on over here
so I just made out it's my boy mole and
he told me you are the most moist fence
in the back was killing the game he's
like yo mo don't worry I got a rush
right
might as well man we got a show Adam
Salah how it's done in Dubai
Oh white baby Oh white you can't forget
the star lights though it's got that no
way to start don't worry about it bro
don't worry about the store ice I swing
this I start I turn short I don't know
he told me no don't even brought the
unbelievab right ah you're just flexing
on us now you're like singing on us well
let's do it I ready to go home hi peace
out bro no dad the automatic doors is
love yes sir
look at this baby look at his baby boy
yeah Inception blog exception we call it
in the Rory to run away to an
undisclosed location we can't really
tell you we're out of solid is staying
at but we're going to pick him up giving
him a nice little welcome you know and a
nice little white phantom and a four
five yellow four five eight Oh sexy what
a sexy sound I hope he buys that
honestly for his next car cuz man what a
car oh this is my jam why are you
sending my dose wonderful
there is uh I was just telling the bro
we go slow in the Rollie pollie I'm not
even trying to drive fast in this thing
this thing is meant to just drive slow
well that's a that's a good color for
you too bro
we had a little bit of cloth talked
earlier planning mama blogs and sister
vlogs Lana Rose's birthday parties
that's too much talking
I can't even focus with that freaking
noise bro
mic somos right next to being the
rolls-royce guys who do you thinks gonna
win let's do this
that Rolls Royce has nothing on me boys
we got this motorcycle on my left
trippin I'm talking why you blow Nemo oh
wait why are you blow you later I think
if you take off of this we could just
you could just fly and I'll just blog
that we put a cape on the back of the
car and then we just call you
super re is that the police huh that's
not the police oh it is the police oops
all right guys blue lights I mean I
don't think they're gonna stop a roll
and I think it's just for design for you
guys you know just a couple more vlogs
is whispering singing
I'm sure you guys can see the lights
behind us
oh yeah somebody's behind me no I don't
know what he's saying I think he's
laughing at me - honestly I don't know
how he does it talks to a camera all day
long just for you like that takes
dedication guys so we just made it over
to the hotel guys I just look at the
lineup boys what is that noise that's
the narcos
you guys finding office is a big thing
Bob never heard of it no light is hazy
look at the interiors all guys we Dan
the horns fire stop stop Horning for no
reason row earlier I was literally
vlogging you driving snapchatting
freaking I swear Oh save me that like
for hands like just let me snapchat
lives like that I was doing it what I
was doing see you
I actually never knew this about the
starlit roof so in the middle over here
you can see most hand you can turn this
up and down not just off and on like it
dims down selves a little little dim
yeah look at that mood you're in you
know if you're in like a chill mood you
want to keep it on a low low you dip it
down and then once your height you just
go back way out chill yes your boy which
is like this is the lowest but still
he's still see ya you can still see a
little bit guys but this is to Romero
this is to ride to get know it turn off
turn it what were we doing or you think
you might know we just made it here but
fortunately Adam could have make it man
he just he just gonna make it follow us
up my song we out here you know you come
into my you guys see the whole bloody
acting man now we have a fun day planned
the boat week actually yourself he's out
here today Fri that's no need to like
hold on to your seats now we're gonna
make a happen I'm scare but you got to
keep me safe to know that but don't
worry don't worry
I just know if I die you die that's I
cannot
okay we welcome you the right way bro
it's not just Adam slim of vacation is
how he ran past Lana we all have a
dumped on out here in Dubai man my first
time here each of the show's around okay
so feel I was a cupcake also Lucy that
what does that mean I don't things like
lovey-dovey ha love it lady no mama no I
never been to America nah
oh you come to America gosh we got you
hi that's how you look like that was
yeah good mom come on go on only one of
you can fit in the Rory so you might
have to swap around projects I wrote
papers in this Ferrari bottom secession
project initiation yeah I on the way
back come all the way back web items go
bro whoa - check it out guys me and slim
are in the rori right now he doesn't
like smoke
look you guys bugging or I got a psycho
I'm up for it
oh shit oh shit oh wow
bullshit crazy both tobramycin is kind
of shit yo of America oh hi you're lucky
rated for the spot right now you gotta
thank you.thank hola
well come out alright future I hope you
enjoyed the ride
I never getting in this car ever again
because I'm old I never knew these guys
are so scared they're like a little bit
of speed guys Adams what we will skin is
he worse Adam rolled up they rolled up
in the Rolls Royce hi
so Adams next in the car guys like I
can't wait for that that should be fun
thanks everyone
I didn't vlog much a big guy like he was
screaming he was screamin psycho rope so
you got him in the rori guys was I'm
nervous man I'm straight light you ready
to do this baby did oh my stuff now I
got let's go psych a roller coaster
but we're not you said us in America
give me an over give me no yeah like six
black
without petit about his bed
jump jump I still wanna have kids mom
alright have kids that's it that's it I
promise
wasn't my voice a dirty guy he's alive
Oh wasn't that but he's a really safe
driver you're good yeah we're good at
this relax relax time to buy I'm
chilling man your your good hair let me
know but I'm just chillin slipping
without real quick I feel that had a
good news eight guys get out the car gar
mother water me
there he goes
damn boy so check it out guys we out
here we got the Rory we got the
rolls-royce and the Range Rover and now
we're going to go heat
sorry extra pants my check it out we
just made it here a very fancy
restaurant you ready to eat I've been
here this is my first time yours old
course I'm here
yeah I don't know what to expect
honestly look how fancy this places you
were right so it's my first time over
here guys but check out the food like
literally everything is piling up on the
table our eating I I don't even know
what half this stuff is but it tastes
good it tastes good guys it's nice
though right
oh my gosh for now I'm heading out
really good bite to add in and shrimp
that's my son that's all stuff yeah a
week of fun adventure so make sure to
check out their channels they're gonna
they're going to be doing crazy stuff
guys so you don't want to miss it he
shout out to the homie Molag to know a
guy's been a pleasure since I've never
been one in device it's gonna be a
turn-off we got any way that we shop
stay strong how may guys tomorrow
now just discard keep keep the eyes open
you guys did rise up Lucy you'll see
when the Lions are on guys screaming for
now I'm heading a home as you saw just
said goodbye to a demon system that was
actually really really fun like honestly
they are probably the most scared people
I've ever seen in a Ferrari
Oh
yeah I'm actually surprised them came
out guys they just got over 13 hour
flight and they were just down to come
out so yeah today was very very
spontaneous I turned out good so I just
made their own guys of my mom could me
she was I turn off the car like I was
just reversing slowly but apparently
like it was making a massive noise
anyways I'm gonna go inside guys
this car is loud like I was reversing
into this parking I literally can't go
fast guys so don't think I was going
boss or anything but apparently it was
shaking up the house
as always guys in a wrap up today's Loki
I hope you have enjoyed I am so tired
I'm gonna go to bed right now you got a
crazy weekend of ourselves so as always
guys stay tuned for more craziness I
don't want to give away anything but
let's just say two more something crazy
I caught I called you away guys because
I I just caught so stay tuned tomorrow
and you see what I'm talking about
okay so catchy Zen yalla Yolo goodbye
buh
