yeah yeah good morning everyone welcome
to 2018 Hey it feels good saying that
anyways what does everyone welcome back
to another vlog today is the first of
January worried the future right now
before we do anything though right now
my sister's in the garden just I need to
show you what she's doing it's just
retarded guys let's go good morning what
are you doing bro
I'm producing music no God please no and
it's gonna be fire you can't quit music
gonna art you know we're in another
level
look at this you guys so you had studios
you thought you had studios and look at
ours it release it yet you thought what
will it was fire where this is gonna be
fired
in case you haven't watched yesterday's
blog last night was crazy we were
literally up until 5:00 a.m. celebrating
New Year's and that is why we're
actually starting today's vlog a little
bit late anyways right now we're
actually heading out to go to Global
Village with our friends so let's go and
have some fun
there's someone taking my
oh hey hey chill chill chill
fireworks okay no bombs fireworks not
bombs yeah why do some of them have no
noise this is absolutely insane
yesterday we didn't get to see any
fireworks but right now we didn't even
know there's gonna be fireworks here
this is I don't have this bar works
anymore are under attack
this is louder Wow ah the end it's over
it's anyways right now he just made it
over to global village that was
completely unexpected it's time to go
inside and have some fun
Oh have you paid we are inside
hi guys so they actually have a display
of hands over here bro why are you
saying Yolo Yolo
a lot of people always think that this
is my hand sign this is not this is
actually the ruler of device hand sign
it means women love victory
guys it's snowing it's snowing
I'm just maybe though some people shot
at them they're amazing we are here
again
hi guys so right now we're going around
just met some really awesome people
hi guys we're making our own show in the
middle hey
why you throwing up gang signs
cheers Cheers
toast to a better year this is so cringy
what the hell are you guys doing Wow is
that all you care about I only asked for
health and happiness guys let's get to
the point he's right you can't wish your
money you have to reach on health
happiness family friends and 2008
Russian why are you looking like big
things yeah yeah you're already getting
bigger so it's coming
okay so I want to show you guys the
coolest chair ever over here they have
bendable chairs so when you want to sit
on this side you just pull these down
what it's like a two-way bitch whoa
that's so cool
guys that is awesome by the way shout
out to this guy over here a or Sonia at
the deli subscribe to us Kevin them all
subscribe oh my god and right now they
have a puppy show a puppet show
Oh God puppet dancing became real-life
dancing right now we are playing a game
this is a completely luck-based game if
we wind it we win massive chocolate my
let's go we're gonna go for sixteen
seventeen eighteen if our numbers come
up on the board we win it cause sixteen
seventeen eighteen thank you guys I
don't know if this is ever gonna stop
yes what are the odds of winning on
three numbers
imagine first-strike somehow we ended up
coming on a war ride so for now we're
officially done over at Global Village
guys we won chocolate how do you start
barrier 2018 it's my ear not only is the
number eight a number is also number
it's also letter B so here is the thing
before I tell you guys this I want to
get my sister's reaction on it too so
Lana okay basically the other day I did
the coolest thing ever
I found twins twins like you know to
Twitter 'men twins that looked alike and
they were part of your squad so I made
them unlock an iPhone X know shoutout to
the u.s. code which are always up for
anything where did I do things
differently than they did the same so
basically right now I'm gonna cut over
to the clip I recorded yesterday I found
twins I made them do the iPhone exile
mocking thing enjoy this clip I recorded
yesterday oh alright boy so right now I
just bought the rope and look who I ran
into
we've got to your squads these guys are
twins and I thought the craziest idea I
have an iPhone X and since they're twins
let's see if face ID works about the
view all right guys let's see apparently
it does I've seen this on YouTube but I
want to test it for myself and I'll say
why not try out so they're super awesome
so let's give this a shot let's see if
this actually works all right
face IDs being set up guys I don't know
why I'm so excited for this wait is it
set up bull
okay so right now it is set up guys and
we're gonna try it out so swipe up boom
okay it works for you now we're gonna
see if it works for him this is the
moment of truth guys does it work
Oh Oh does it work iPhone are you good
bro are you good that was awesome thank
you guys so much guys you see the iPhone
does not work with twins the other day I
found twins while I was vlogging like
twin your squad members and I asked them
y'all can I try this out with you guys
and it worked like thank you both unlock
an iPhone X we'd like you saw it no
that's crazy guys imagine having like
triplets quadruplets like four people
are looking one phone as always a wrap
up today's vlog here today was the first
thing in January guys so there's a year
is starting off pretty nicely I do have
to say you know let's try and keep it
this way listen if you guys are new
around here subscribe so you can be the
first subscriber in 2018 whoa so yeah I
love you guys as always I'll see you
tomorrow for another epic block and yeah
yeah leo No
