yo everyone good morning and welcome to
another vlog
how are you anyways guys welcome to
another brand new vlog as you can see
everybody's super tired in the house
today like it's not even the morning
it's like 3:00 in the afternoon anyways
today I actually had something come to
the door I was actually really excited
at first but then I got disappointed
real quick so I got my new Molag shirts
and you guys might be wondering wait why
are you disappointed what happened the
thing is I ordered myself both black and
white and the only one that got here as
you can see are the black ones guys and
I already have the black ones ahh
I was so excited I'm waiting so badly
for the white ones but at least I
stocked up on my black shirts again cuz
I've been wearing the same one for four
months straight washing it over and over
again so I wanted to get fresh black
shirt I know you guys saw this yesterday
but isn't this such a cool way of
blogging guys like legit this is
probably the coolest way I think anybody
could look it just looks so badass like
it looks like you're a gangster vlogger
like yo yeah what up yeah I use a
knuckle thing to block that's what's up
I actually wanna do a little bit of
cooking DIY for you guys so the other
day I bought myself a load of these shot
glass makers okay as you can see this is
what they are so you just like fill this
up with some sort of liquid freeze it
and it makes you a shock loss the thing
is I so loads of videos online one of
them was my boy won't be
and he did like these cookie ones and
then other people do a different one but
I want to try and do a cookie and milk
on Azure because I think you'll turn out
delicious but because I need to go out
buy the ingredients I thought before I
go I'm just gonna have a test run again
I'm gonna put some orange juice in here
and freeze it so when we get home
because I'm like an orange juice shop
okay let's see how it turns out guys
that sounds so nice guys
you smack it and it stops making a noise
all you want to do now guys is this is
your shot glass maker you want to pour
this into the truck whoa oh my god okay
filling everywhere Wow okay as you saw
there these are going to be the shot
glasses guys I'm gonna leave these in
the fridge while we go out to buy
ingredients for the cookie shot glass
but I actually think this is gonna turn
out really good I can't even lie that
looks so delicious
high-five team effort car adventures and
mo and mommy mo again
oh I call you guys such a clutch catch
oh wait there's a bird in front of the
car god damn no he's just not moving I
hate birds that do this man
yes so and look at this guy's get out
the way man and get out the way you can
fly now oh my god birds are so damn
annoying he's not a baby just annoying
the thing is if you get close enough
guys did you move away but I don't want
to risk running a bird over to test if
they can fly just love this new song
from Justin Bieber I listen to it it's
so relaxing everybody else can we do the
feelings Oh oh my god so we just came to
buy the ingredients for their cookie
shot glasses guys but look we found
something even better we found my mom's
favorite light waffle things they got
the small ones they've got the big ones
they got like a huge pack all right we
need to get one of the I don't know
what's good I think they're all the same
right there's even chocolate croissant
okay oh oh my bad hey guys I can get it
it's really under like aw it's not there
I got it I got it I guess is that I
actually thought of a completely
different idea guys instead of making
normal cookie shop glasses why don't we
make either Nutella or like Coco Pops or
some sort of serial shot glasses oh my
god yes
that is a lot of Nutella over here the
best thing about coming food shopping
they give you free samples of cool stuff
every time it tastes really nice I don't
know what it is though I want some ice
cream so what do they have huh actually
this reminds me there's actually
something called black ice cream but
this is purple what the hell is this
there's a challenge online and there's a
really disgusting black ice cream where
people laugh this is the closest thing I
found - it's like purple but I don't
know where there's black I'm trying to
look around and I don't see anything I
mean there's black yogurt in here guys
look at that that's black right I mean
maybe that's it maybe that's what people
are trying I don't know what is that
black yogurt is this black yogurt
challenge now okay I have no idea what
this is guys but it's good you literally
just called you Biff you see that
ube what type of ice cream is this money
what what flavor is this what flavor is
you flavor guys not like purple you've
is literally dis good you that is really
crazy
hey yo ho they legit have like an
opening ceremony eyes look at that
balloons
wow I realized - this opening ceremony
look at that ha I got the food guys
we're here eating our food guys that's
what's up that's what's up my sister
guys remember when I told you she's been
like vlogging her artwork for like the
past one year she accidentally recorded
it
the record I don't even know basically I
recorded an entire video for my painting
and now that I come to edit it some of
the files are not in the format for a
Mac okay basically she recorded rubbish
camera to record my painting not warning
me it was my old camera don't amazing is
your call yeah he gave me that camera to
record my paintings I did offer her my
camera so yeah I do take this camera
whenever you become proper blog I'll
upgrade you now this just makes me see
my confusion I said that that camera is
good enough to use it you on your own
she changed the same I do change
yourself I basically change it from high
quality to standard thank you guys let's
see how my shot glasses turned out to be
so here goes nothing tada
look at this those are orange juice shot
glasses for you right there
whoo oh my god it's gonna get it's going
out wait what
look at that that is what you call an
orange shot glass that is awesome
smaller you wanna shop on the shop sir
yes I do
look at that oh my god that is so cool
oh okay that didn't work out as I
thought oh my god
yeah you're over pouring it the cups are
melting mommy a melt okay cheers guys
okay I just realize guys it's actually
leaking look at that one of them has a
hole on the side so we're gonna do is
we're gonna actually try and make
another one because it looked really
cool so whoa okay let's try and melt the
side melt the side of that one see how
it goes oh that was not a genius idea
what you can tree light a match did you
not know that what type of education
have you had there you go the hole is
made the hole was made oh boy so as you
can see I've already to make these none
tell us shot glasses so I've doubled off
on my shot glass speakers and let's do
this boy okay for the ingredients of
this shot glass you're gonna need some
galaxies guys some Katella I would drop
this bird break but you need some
Nutella and you need some Coco Pops
first thing's broken we'll get the
chocolate bar
where did they go oh I found them so
what you're gonna want to do is melt
down your chocolate bars guys so as you
can see I didn't buy much because the
main ingredient is going to be Nutella
so we're gonna melt this mix it up with
some Nutella and then we're good to go
guys I'm not sure if you know this but I
was actually a professional chef when I
was in schools but just because I came
up with what the hell are you
complaining about
I'm trying to cook here ed about the
kitchen get him out and as you can see
we are literally done with the galaxies
so I'm gonna go ahead and pop this into
the microwave and then press the start
button it's not even plugged in yeah
humming
you just put your chocolate in the
microwave close it up and press Start
any second now that will start to melt
whoa okay and that is what happens to
your galaxy guys look we got some little
Nutella for our own now you're just
gonna open up your conquer pops for it
again you want to take a spoon guys and
mix this all around just to make it a
solution you see you're gonna make it a
solution okay so I just know guys this
is our chocolate mixture
the final ingredient you want to add is
your nut LSL don't be shy but as much as
you want in there I'm not going to put
too much because as I said this is
probably gonna make me have diabetes and
die quicker but I'm doing it for you
guys so you just wanna well it's coming
the Nutella is coming this is not
healthy for you guys come on why is this
so hard
god damn it's stuck come on yes oh okay
hold up now all you want to do mix this
around and then we are good to put this
in our shot glass let's make the first
ever Nutella shot glass guys does that
even look like it's gonna freeze up I
don't even know guys I don't even know
the only problem is we actually want
this to go all the way to the bottom
yes why is this not meant for this it
will work I believe are you gonna freeze
this yeah oh my god this is so hard who
does that
like nice movement this turned out
really wrong guys I just hope it works
huh are you gonna try this with me I
need some support as you can see my
brother has decided to squish all the
flapjack ingredients into the ice
container so after about half an hour
guys and as you can see those are our
Nutella shot glasses so I'm gonna cross
my fingers and hope that these work
because if they don't you best believe
I'm gonna be mad theoretically it should
turn out very cool okay that's that's
what we're going for
we're gonna leave this in for like half
an hour and then let's see how it turns
out is actually guys I'm gonna I'm gonna
be honest we put a small piece in the
fridge to let it freeze to see if
actually freezes and it was delicious
it was literally delicious so I'm gonna
catch you guys in half an hour
and let's see if your boy mole is as
good as a cook as he thinks he is
because I think I'm amazing now I think
I'm gonna get the best one eternity
later I think the shock losses should be
frozen by now so let's go see what's up
okay this turned out amazing
you know who made this guy that
literally invented this oh my god
all right so I think it's see you guys
it's literally rock-solid
oh my god oh my god that is so Lana I
want to make sure she doesn't see this
is all guys this turned out so much
cooler than I thought guys so let's get
one of these bad boys out and see it for
ourselves oh my god
that that is crazy okay oh my god no way
look that is the foolish applause I've
ever seen in my life yes we do it guys
as you can see that is the Nutella shot
gloss
it worked good hmm so you guys thought
we were done dad men and and and and and
now we got some milk guys we're making
this an exotic drink let go oh my god
that looks so satisfying guys whoa -
what's up that is what is up guys it is
moment of truth guys I want to see how
these bad boys chainsaw regards so let's
down this oh whoa now let's see how the
actual cookie tastes that is so good no
messing I swear on my life this tastes
like the messed up never right I'm done
guys I'm down equal to shut down it down
it down it
anyways guys there you go those are
right not to the shot glasses
I recommend try them out that is so good
oh I'm looking I'm going through it okay
it's the best job I've ever had in my
life I want you guys to smash 20,000
likes just for this dessert because I
guarantee you nobody nobody has made
something this delicious if you guys
want to prove me wrong try out make it
at home any reason boys I'm gonna catch
you guys tomorrow for another epic blog
I'm actually go for more than being made
for breakfast tomorrow
some whoo-hoo yeah I'm gonna try and not
have them and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow stay awesome I love you 20,000
likes and leave me comments of what else
I should make next with this cooking
adventure cooking mo is back in action
and yeah stay awesome I love you old
Yolo Yolo bye bye
