okay okay I'm done that's like a
Lamborghini yo guys what is up good
morning welcome to another vlog so
starting today off in the petrol station
we're actually out and about running
around renewing my mom's license expired
and we just realized that yesterday when
she was driving my car so yesterday she
was actually illegally driving my car Oh
check these out guys whoa
that is so cool yeah that's a fan I feel
good there's a stray cat outside or sup
buddy hey look at it it's bubbles he's
telling me how much you missed me today
you missed me a lot yeah buddy
dr. doom shops 200 I quit god damn I
quit it feels like I did 100 guys it
feels like I did a hundred again let me
teach you guys an exercise this is
actually a good exercise as bad as it
might look okay this is good for your
abdominal muscles all you do is raising
the front of your money whoo
I know I look like a fish right now but
trust me it's good for you okay hands
behind your back and just keep raising
the front half of your body
Wow it works your lower back in your abs
this used to be much easier for me whoo
okay I need to get back into shape ASAP
guys wow that's so hard you know I'm
gonna call it quits here because I
actually need to go out oh my god I want
to go rock climbing like another
mountain climbing thing which we didn't
get to the other day so that is
technically a workout so I'm allowed to
put this to the side for now just
because I want to go there to do the
proper workout so well I'm gonna see you
guys once again ready I can head over
there okay everybody is finally ready
now guys we're actually on time today or
this one got ready I'm just gonna say
that so let's go do some rock climbing I
bet today that we're ready on time they
have like a pole or something somebody
probably fell down and they closed the
or something so if that is the case I'm
still blaming you because I don't know
I've been ready the whole days let's go
- I told you something's gonna go wrong
again guys so I didn't know the book
when you come here and it is fully
booked out but there is a little bit of
good news they're gonna squeeze us in on
the course at the top it's not bad we
get to do half the things I guess so I
just saw these like boards and they kind
of look like snowboards right better
than other sand board look at this the
literally skateboards purse and that is
absolutely crazy what we should get
wanted that looks so cool guys that's
pretty cool right we should try this
I think we should do in the winter
though oh my god oh my god
Illuminati confirmed guys Illuminati
confirmed so as you can see we're
signing our life away again it's the
it's August that's all I know that's all
I know you guys don't even realize how
many of these waivers I've signed this
year saying if I die it's my
responsibility I'm not sure if you guys
remember last time I showed you these
knuckle things they have four they go
from but this time I actually bought it
because I want to go climbing so this
would be the easiest way to climb and
record because it gets strapped on right
there so let's do this and see what's up
as you can see boys we are all strapped
up ready to go up wait you got a helmet
on what what do you go safety equipment
I don't have that thug life out here we
coming up without okay don't don't know
let me smell your armpits man brother
Hey look at this guy's another coolest
naaku gripper go forever like this is
full of oh my god yeah brothers getting
strapped in okay here I go on now
already guys okay let's say first don't
forget time to go boys
let's do this okay I'm very first guys
then it's gonna be Lana behind me
getting strapped in as you can see oh
God
alright I'm good I didn't think it'd be
this scary but it's pretty scary
you got this come on I hate it though
it's so scary I'm not meant for violence
means my legs are shaking everything is
going wrong
it's harder than it looks guys trust me
when I say that it is definitely harder
than it looks
good yummy
that is like the hardest thing I've
tried so far this is impossible
hey oh I just saved your life if that
was the wild I would have saved your
life that's crazy
next up is these things
Oh
go Lana go Lana go Lana you can do it
you can do it
don't ever greet in life guys I know it
may seem hard it may seem impossible but
you see what Lana just did this proved
to you anything is possible
now be careful now
so right now we're quickly going rock
climbing and Alana's going first my mo
is going to record us from down here
good luck it's my time to go is also I'm
gonna also go guys and wish us the best
you can't even get past the first half
I'm betting I'm gonna catch up
so they're guys me alone are saying
we're good we're going on so hard one
guys who lost time I was allowed to use
the yellow and white ones guys this time
it's only green I'm giving her a head
stuff you guys no head start for the
girls then I'm going to catch out this
news is this harder than Earth
oh I'm harder than her you see guys they
gave her an easier one is up I knew it
that was impossible oh you guys don't
even realize the struggle I went through
going on this one
one color like literally I could only
got one at a time and then kind of
stopped over Alana this time is going
through what I went through let's see if
she can do this okay green only only
green if you cheat I'm recording you as
you can see guys she's struggling guys
like that oh well done guys
and they actually comes you guys there
she comes oh it's crazy that was hard
right thank you exercise I lost about
500 kilograms you guys I've got six pack
abs I'll do this right now
that was crazy they'll do to you the
craziest thing I've done oh my god okay
I found something that we're gonna buy
guys this is on you swimming pool I
already know we're gonna buy it yeah
buddy
it will fit in our house inside indoor
swimming pool that's what's up
sure you're inside and see if they've
got smaller ones all right let's do this
guy's
I've actually wanted a swimming pool for
quite a while guys I I know our area has
one but I want one in our garden so
let's see if they have anything Lana
just realized that all the Lego heads
are backwards that's really weird even
these to our backwards
did you do that look at that why are
their heads all backwards
Oh they've got slime oh oh my god slime
ball right
giving me we need to get that slimeball
challenge let's get it
slime up that's what's up oh wow
something with explosives yeah I'm sure
they sell that in a kid's store I mean
my bath bombs or something like that
yeah Georgia there's explosives look she
found a cracker bath guys like they
explode in the water
so me and my mom quickly came over to
diesel the thing is you guys don't know
I actually don't have too many genes
like I've just been wearing my jogging
balls recently but mommy mo told me I
need to get some jeans so I'm gonna try
out the black ones and the thing is the
reason why I like their Jesus is because
I can fit my vlogging camera in the
pocket that's why I've kind of been
waiting bothers more but I thought let
me just go get a nice stretchy pair of
black jeans so we're gonna try some one
and yea let y'all know these are the
jeans guys let's go see how they fit me
I'm gonna loose abnormal body shape so
trust me it'll appear a muscle
I just know I know oh my hey chief
that's nice like it finally yeah very
much there's only one problem
it's called buzz oh that's a matter I
really love is it so and okay I just
tried this Larry three eyes look at this
locating okay way too small I think the
other one triggered - yes I am gonna end
up getting these black jeans guys but
you want to see mommy mo is also trying
some jeans on check it out she's getting
yourself some white skinny jeans a
alright let's see how it goes guys I'll
see you Lana's calling her she's out
where you guys you go shopping for
yourselves been in there like for five
minutes
it's a nice Hey and actually it's good
on you I like it it's nice what do you
think oh my god is that Lana or Jose oh
my god oh my god I hold up hold up
you're way too close to the camera
zoomed it what did you buy
you're on your own shopping spree I see
that I see that Dinah sex okay okay fine
I see that I see that you're buying
stuff - calm down don't think you're not
gonna get roasted today so Lana didn't
end up getting any genes guys so it's
just mine and mummy mode so yeah let's
pay for these and then go Sam he's
actually showing me these motor bike
helmets they have here you can actually
buy them right yep let's try it
officer Versace Dakota
for the high jump high cap yeah it all
is called a more we let's see how this
fits me guys
hello does this fit me nice it is a
little bit tight for me now it's a
little bit tight what I have a bike I
can I should buy these guys check out
the watches they have every year a
million my race so that's it for seek
daddy daddy
nice thank you
that is I see a big daddy he's huge
please believe these are limited
editions
thus in Japanese movement is an all time
that's like a Rolex movement right I
liked how the Rolex is I'm not sure like
it look at the bad guys oh yeah it's
bins I was just talking it'll be three
thousand service in its fight that's
very big I do love them but the way my
bank account works aggression Queen I'm
coming back next time - guys I'm going
back I'm making the money guy after my
to make that moolah make the moolah
moolah I like this guy motivational to
you guys they're called
bling artists ever any time so it'll
actually show things we just got our
Starbucks guys I feel like we've turned
into white girls apparently they love
Starbucks I don't know rumor has it if
you have Starbucks you turn into a white
girl
Wow
look at that
my mom's I'm running away
that is a crazy car guys okay okay I'm
done that's like a Lamborghini Wow
so you guys might be wondering what this
is behind me so our friends just got
here and this is their brand new Range
Rover SVR guys don't know what that
means
it's super powerful and super insane
we're going to give you guys a couple of
reps because it sounds loud in the
Lamborghini no live Gabe I'm gonna go
inside to show you how loud this beast
is by the way come interior it looks so
so good
and black and it's got like three
exhaust notes well like normal mode
sports mode and at the mode
look at the dashboard it's red this is
like full-out aggressive mode so this
makes the most noise when it's red you
see that hi you ready yeah it's gonna be
loud okay
not yet not yet there's kids action no
no
oh my gosh that was loud
that's all outdoor whoa that's it
allowed er than my car
are you seeing the first okay this cars
crazy guys the most amazing exhausts out
ever like and blown away by it it's a
four-wheel drive that literally kills
most stars guys that's all I can say
like in here lambu versus Ranger me I'm
gonna beat my
anyways guys I have to say goodbye to
this priest for now
this car literally just look it's not
for old right guys it is a Lamborghini
right here anyways that is awesome
we'll be seeing much more of this on the
blogs and it's just gorgeous in the
color way hi peace out we shot to the
Range Rover guys and one more time just
look at the inside this thing actually
has bucket seats in here and it's just
ridiculous like this is stop guys like
this is not altered SVRs come like this
which makes it even more ridiculous that
is ridiculous like 600 or I would be
looking to get like ya big car got the
supercar power and it's big right time
for karaoke no no no no no my car makes
you get noise to Stacey moment it just
cool right alright so I want to show you
my new slide check it out do you like my
new hat guys it looks cool right it's
good it's good it matches the Lambo look
look at that
yes purple in the back guys look at my
new style guys I'm in love with these
cats as you can see I've been posting on
Instagram and the cats lately so it's
going my new style now I'm telling you
this because my brother challenged me to
keep you guys engaged for two minutes so
I'm gonna continue a conversation for
tutor unsubsidized I don't know honestly
I don't know what to talk to you guys
wrong
it's amazing how more like does this
whole blogging thing because like let me
tell you something guys like when I look
into this camera I get so nervous like I
feel like there's a whole world watching
me and I literally start shaking cuz I
feel like oh my god everyone's gonna
start like thinking it's a whenever I
say something's gonna come out wrong or
yeah but see this guy's like making fun
of me over there I'm not reading about
it you
mommy
he said I'm talking for two minutes see
I'm gonna keep talking to it boy
yeah yeah I'm keeping you guys engaged
okay I already told you guys about when
you look so bad at this
mama come on teach me come on teach me
how you look how'd you like come up with
ideas I think I managed to get two
minutes vomit I think it's about time I
wrapped it today's lucky I hope you guys
have enjoyed by the way before you kick
off in case you guys have forgotten I'm
giving away a GoPro and vlogging camera
actually that announced the winners in
three days time and the only rule to be
entered for like your ways to be a
subscriber so I'm just going to pick
from the subscriber list in three days
if you have not done it yet and you want
to be in for that just click that red
button below and a lot of you don't know
but all you need is a gmail account like
I know it's weird to say because I have
to do it but there's actually a lot of
people who don't know how to subscribe
anyways
stay awesome I love every single one of
you today was crazy
unexpected our friends came with their
new SVR and I was like god damn that car
is sexy I love blue I love red interiors
I love the sound of that car it was
crazy anyway stay awesome catch guys
some more yellow Yolo don't forget guys
Yolo Yolo that's the slogan bye whoa
