yo guys what is up good morning welcome
to another vlog so today's video is
actually gonna be very different than my
usual vlog if you guys don't already
know which I'm sure you do my good
friend sigan recently started up a show
could star up hero where he invests in
people like you who have business ideas
and the first episode of that is on
YouTube right now and you're watching
this video so make sure to check it out
the links in the description and also to
celebrate we're doing a very cool video
today I'm going to show you the day in
the life of the CEO and what it takes to
run your own company so without further
ado make sure to watch to the end
because we're also announcing a pretty
cool giveaway which all if you can win
so yeah let's see what it takes to be a
CEO guys let's do this bowl I came to
Dubai with a backpack the region's
online business guru Fortune Magazine's
40 under 40 listed him as one of the
most influential young people in
business I believe the mindset is the
number one success factor entrepreneur
magazine title team is undoubtedly one
of the youngest and most successful
Internet entrepreneurs in the Middle
East
sorry Nelson tagging out safe by Gonzaga
announcer my five and watch something
else
hey humane animal a trial unity
all right so check it out guys you just
made it over to sigh again that was our
first stop for today today is gonna be a
radio interview so first in the day of
the life is an interview is this radio
Asia no radio Asia nervous we're here
because it's always important to get
exposure for whatever English we do this
approximately 200 times a year radio
interview magazines newspapers so it's
basically almost a business to be out
there to get the messages we just met
Michael Jackson so I think you just
stole my show
good old friends Wow
we are in the studio no place is
soundproof you're so quiet
but see you're off Middle East first and
luggage car buying service Telecom
also the founder of the first and
largest online private shopping club in
the Middle East partner at Java internet
and slow calm group I can keep freezing
for another ten minutes
I'm leaving the shrine you feel honor
yeah I can order a few very biblical I'm
going here no place was for people like
me in the toilets welcomes I get down
solutely
you very much for having me good morning
you're covering there a reason you're
here is because you know of course
you're gonna make Prince feel bad he's
doing nothing in life what have you done
at the age of 20 I only so I can you
talk about that later
now start up hero we must come to this
sort of hero great concept as far as I
know that you know people come up with
an idea they want investors and that's
how we go about it here yes exactly
actually over 5,000 applications already
obviously there are a lot of ideas well
what's really missing is the structure
around it and also just some basic
questions they should ask themselves if
this idea makes sense it's very much I
would say beginners thinking of saying
all my idea might get stole I believe
your idea is yourself this is you and no
one will copy you you gonna be the
person will gonna execute it best if
you're not the best then someone else
can do it anyway
it takes a month or two to come to you
or three months at one point of time the
best one the best executioner in this
case will win in fact you know I was
watching the video startup hero and go
we had them also in the video if I'm not
wrong yeah yeah looking pretty good more
so the idea behind getting the famous
bloggers on board I mean it's because
social influencers actually are I
believe the new way of bringing your
ideas into into the world much better
than the the traditional ways if you
want to do good in the world I don't
believe in charity per se in terms of
just giving money and then basically
forget about it you need to make sure
that you can create people who actually
feed themselves about fun time when they
say don't don't give me fish just teach
me how to fish your name comes in ultra
high-net-worth individuals that's rumors
say ultra high-net-worth ultra
high-net-worth individuals his name
comes in there hi this is sigan y option
and i monsuno 1:02 for all i can tell
you is be fast
woofle it's a wrap how the boss
interview and now you've actually come
into the live studio guys over there
we're recording that was lighting the
DJ's oh by the way no if we touch
something here is you live this is all
live on air but check it out this is
what a studio looks like guys I know you
guys are heading out right now thank you
to Vicki and the team for showing us
around yeah it's gonna do you save a
line here
the interview one is down down so down
go to the next one we're meeting Google
now all and YouTube so you get a lot of
support right let's see you picking up
boosts us up to like 50 million guys
maybe they can just give us like free
stuff free stuff for days okay so we're
actually going to be going to the Guru
office in style Simon has brought the
aventador Allen again today which is
just a few man it's just to be check it
out
slide the doors up and let's go
at Google how to get to Google pretty
funny always good to keep good
connections with Google baseball all the
good players on the internet so you get
a lot of support
hopefully I'm working with Google for
several years now here is guys the big
door the Google door I guess as you can
see behind me we are now in the Google
offices we actually just finished our
meeting and it went really really well
so it was great it's actually super
important to have a good connection
Google and I believe it helped us so
much our account that's still active and
will remain active I hope so yeah as you
said yourself meeting was super cool we
learned a lot and hopefully we're
actually going to be doing some really
cool stuff but for now we have another
TV interviewers is it what is it yeah
actually three minutes ago we should be
there so like that's it out it's a busy
day today
so yeah let's go before we actually head
out though I absolutely love the view
from the Google office you get guys this
place is superb
check that out that's amazing anyways
I'll relate a little bit we're like ten
minutes late I'm scrappy what Stevie J
the budget to buy TV Wow all right let's
go making some business schools just to
make sure you get there on to the TV
interview we're late we need to be there
boss peace out get out of here
we need to get there false so what
better car to do this than an Aventador
well
Oh oh boy so we just made it here oh
there's a rolls-royce as well here is
that the TV crew you know it's selling
your car oh really
yep rolls-royce any car any car oh let's
go guys just made it over here to the TV
interview guys and they're just about to
shoot some stuff as you can see they've
got like the camera crew over there
psychons about to just talk about his
company and stuff seems good seems good
stuff to go down by the weight super
ironic because while we're shooting this
guy there's actually another interview
at Saigon Sun on TV as you can see right
there like you're everywhere TV radio
you need to get the message out we are
present 250 I need to make it 10 this
yes my goal 10 and that 20 and then 100
and then that's a good job that's a good
job dress 100 real quick after dish we
have enough oh well I say we I mean
sigan guy we have another interview at
Simon's office but is there a fruit
breaking bullying in the day of my CEO
could you get through love but the seals
ever eat or still eat like trial - I
drink almost something good we're just
getting started
look what it's come to guys say we'll
have a CEO or eating KitKat the key to
success is eat when you can when you're
in a day of a life of CEOs you might not
get time to actually go eat I'm being
honest straight out so when you can't
just grab a snack no please yeah
which is a bit more we just bought the
g-class I think the 294 thousand and
let's go to striveth yeah going for
another meeting right now so we're
taking the g-wagen science company just
bought right now now we're going to
another meeting who there is there is
the beauty itself guys so look at that
guy's interior we got that nice diamond
ah
anyways that's off in go for another
meeting let's go that's good
huh
testing the power yes yeah everybody
just complete me I didn't expect that
loud oh okay this has power oMG guys
behind my net you can read it says oMG
right there so yeah honestly since the
last time we met sigan has completely
changed as driving away now it's going
from below speed limit to speed limit so
speed limit so good job in there little
power it's actually very important if
you build a business that you stay on
top of it hands on so I'm trying to see
as much as possible of the operations
every day and we're going to go and
visit the office now and have a quick
management meeting where I will align
with all the managers and department
heads and make sure that everything goes
according to strategy and then you goes
to next
she gonna Lube a million dollars cash
with it I'll just keep interview so need
to look a little bit presentable
fresh to death so we hide the sweat its
what are we talking about today selling
your car business sell any car and how
we have been growing and what we stand
for sorry what are you doing right now
he checks paying off people depth oh
this is four cars which are still loans
are we going to pay off their debt but
this is actually a new magazine si games
BJ that's like the most famous photo of
you I like that is the most recent
that's all that's the most recent
my name is Diane judge the founder CEO
Seletar the film which is the release
Thursday and now largest godlike service
you guaranteed to purchase any kind 30
minutes how did they go well well I
think you tell me because it's 140 so
we're going to go and grab something
real quick we have 17 minutes and we
have to be back so that's Arya we've got
15 minutes ish to grab food guys before
side guns goes next meeting so pretty
hectic let's go let's do this oh my god
we're in a great UI gun and there's a
great do I get right next to us how
ironic is that
where I looked over and I thought I
thought we were a like a mirror right so
quickly came to buy more some credits I
guns going to order the food because
obviously we need some food because we
have you here what's up oh oh dad we
were looking at these in the always
support to support the man who sure he's
supportive and himself he's got to in
this town let's buy a boat are not
supporting him bro we're just supporting
the magazine I don't know yeah guys okay
you know what we're not buying I mean it
if the money went to say oh maybe but
it's really funny is alright so because
we wanted some fast food literally fast
food guys we came over to the food court
we're greatly grabbing a bite and then
we're heading back to the medium please
your favorite groups I know man my fried
chicken it's time to go over to the
management meeting Seiken has now let's
do this cars looking pretty and clean
gachi of what you just made it back to
the office around two o'clock now and
you see we had radio interviews TV
interviews and meetings outside now we
have a management meeting and I probably
need approximately an hour and I'll be
back with you all right guys so as you
can see Saigon is in its meeting right
now just and we're just watching over it
by the way this lady here is actually
working full time not just for the star
pure Lana just like my sister guys
there's two Lana's and to Moe's you
can't get better so we're just going
around the office and this room says
radiation hazard please keep this door
closed Sian I know you to see this sorry
I gotta keep it close here it's just an
office just love this are we done for
the day
uh no oh great we have another meeting
so so let's hurry up we only have 25
minutes are we always on a schedule like
do we ever get like hey guys it's relax
for an hour and they don't know all
right sounds good to me right before you
guys just need to quit me sign some
documents make sure the payments go
through that's what you get though and
your CEO like they're piling you with
everything design we opened up a new
brand to a new branch
we just hop back in the g-wagon I like
when you stand on it like so don't write
a right now we're actually heading over
to the outlast hotel Tyga's got a
meeting would say a very important
person all right guys we just made it
here so look at it beautiful so driving
where we headed man villa 7 all right
we're now going to our next meeting it's
actually in a very beautiful place but
you'll see it's actually by a private
meeting so I think we're just gonna vlog
up till we get there okay so he just
made it but we came to the wrong Villa
guys but regardless this place is
beautiful like this is like your own
little compound it's not even part of
the main hotel it's like a villa type
thing chill mortgage just relax over
here look at the little pond look how
small this is it feels like a little boy
yeah guys like relax nerd over here
anyways we're gonna go to the right
place for the meeting now
oh then yeah hopefully you're right I'll
let you know more ofter but this is a
very crucial meeting for sigan salt
that's why I'm not vlogging I don't want
to mess up anything with laid your major
clubs I made you like serious the Seiken
is it is
right now guys if you didn't know he's
actually meeting with royalty
so I actually saw outcomes show you some
of the cars this the looks of the person
he's meeting with in a couple other cars
but check out this beast guys whoa this
is a McLaren p1 for those of you who
didn't already know absolutely gorgeous
gorgeous car second car I wanted to show
you is this bad boys just take a good
look at this whoa if you just look at
the rims alone on this car
they are just insane so that is the cars
I thought I had to show you these two
beauties and there's actually one more
so the last car is actually very very
special to you guys this is a
rolls-royce drop head and there's
actually only ten of these in the world
so let's give this bad boy
a little run down so you got the big
rims as you can see absolutely beautiful
and what's even nicer is check out the
interior that is feast oh look at that
oh that is such a clean finish guys so
I'm just gonna leave it there I think
I've shown you guys enough this beauty
is just on another level so that is a
wrap we are now leaving and finished up
with all the meetings this last one very
crucial so I can had a very big meeting
and I got to see some cool cars with
that now we are back at the main lobby
guys so we're gonna quickly hop in the
car cool it a day yeah pretty nice
pretty nice alright guys so I am
absolutely shared right now and it is
the end of the day but before we wrap up
I actually want to say one very
important thing and the reason we
actually did today's video the day in
the life of CEO is I thought it would be
very useful for you guys that really
want to make your big time and have your
own companies to see the time and
dedication and the hard work that goes
into it there's a lot more actually
give away for you and looking to show
you how important it is to stay
connected with your team all the time so
kind of you need to have it follow so I
thought maybe a smartphone like an
iPhone would be great gift to one of you
guys who subscribe
we're going to keep it very very basic
guys the rules very simple I'll leave a
link to Science Channel in the
description we have to do is go over
subscribe and comment on the iPhone
giveaway and the reason we're doing this
is because as you saw today sigan was
using his phone with a lock and in
business you do use your phone a lot so
we thought it'd be good just to try and
help you guys as much as we can and but
yeah guys at the end of the day remember
you have to stay focused you have to
work hard there's a model right that
sigan was I should tell you this the
lowest the lows you can get from you die
or something but if you look up there's
no limit it always someone who's more
successful so it's always good to son
never think that the top guys there's
always more to be a child the sky's the
limit
anyways that's not the day like CEO guys
I'm going home I'm gonna sleep I need to
I've shared all right let's go peace I'm
sorry guys we just have to we have one
rep of this beast
all right well we are out oh hi look at
this guy it is absolutely pitch black in
the parking this is where I parked my
car in the morning because we left my
car here but is so so dark it's actually
really creepy so let me get in my car
and lock the door you don't understand
freakiest it is par feeling absolutely
empty bro let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go I don't like this I
don't want to stay don't like this so as
you can see we ended up driving the same
way home guys you got more money inside
and ditching me but you know peace green
light so as always guys now that I'm
home with a wrap up today's like here
today was just I really wanted to see
what it takes in the day of the CEO like
how many meetings they have and stuff
like that I got actually learned a lot
because you guys don't actually know me
I'm really bad when it comes to
communication so when I saw him doing
like press and radio and TV interviews
it teaches you a lot teaches you the
importance of that stuff and just
getting your business out there but yeah
guys right now I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here I love you all stay awesome
yellow yellow good bye
whoa
