just take a look at that there's so many
cool things here is I get really cash
lying around I mean oh my god it's here
yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog or that one up so how
are you doing I'm gonna start up today's
vlog by testing out my new cup so as you
guys know this was my old cup i'm
spinnable yeah what what about now thank
you hey this is my new cup guys this is
literally the world's best cup ever fun
Bob Berman who lives in a pineapple
under the sea absorbent and yellow and
porous is he alright so as you can see
this is the cup that I bought guys the
other day it is a spongebob Cup it comes
with like candy as well but good
I don't need that I'm not about that
candy life guys I'm not about that candy
life I told you I'm gonna dye it don't
play with me spongebob the kind is
actually really nice mommy hey what are
you real good I don't want to have it
but it's really nice
why is it so hard to open bottles oh my
god anyways lets users cut for white boy
for which is the straw so i want to see
how cool it looks okay there you go
that's look awesome guys okay so you
guys probably know for the last week
I've been wanting to buy myself a pair
of sneakers and the ones I want finally
came so I'm gonna go quickly to the
store and get myself one before the size
runs out so yeah that's where we're
going today it's actually strangely
quiet outside today
is it just me or like you ever get
worried when it's really quiet like I
don't hear the birds I don't hear people
walking around so I just suspect
something is going on anyways you might
be seeing that Lana's car is missing
she's actually taking the day off
herself and gone for a spa day with her
friends so that's why her car's not here
but you I can't even speak she's taken
the day off like what you guys are not
even gonna believe what just happened so
this is my car charger okay Matt phone
car charger where the hell has the metal
piece gone it's literally just
disappeared oh there's supposed to be
the metal iPhone charger in there but
it's empty
this is why I get for buying a fake
phone charger guys you know this is
literally for ya this is a fake one I
mean it's not fake it's just a charger
but that's what I get I guess for not
going to pay more money this song has
been my favorite song for the past
couple of days
your life I'm sorry I'm sorry sorry
hi guys check it out so I just made it
over to the Jordans store and these are
the shoes I'm gonna be trying out so the
Neymar's
they look pretty clean pretty clean so
they just restocked them today gonna try
this out and see if it's my size let's
see how these fit these are the kicks
nice yeah thank you that was good yeah
okay guys I just saw these are
definitely a I'm quickly gonna get
these and head out I'll show you them a
bit more at home so I can show you like
the way they shine because when you're a
flash like the whole shoot clothes kind
of like the one my sister got so yeah
anyways what's up what's up so I'm
actually gonna go have my hair cut right
now but my mom came over to a coffee
shop it's like this pretty cool thing
they have like loads of exotic pancakes
and waffles I check that out
that is actually really really crazy and
the reason she chose this place guys is
because my haircut place is like right
next to it so I'm gonna go get a haircut
freshen up look sharp and then I'll be
back so that's the man himself he always
freshens me up isn't that right well
you're about to get the haircut done
boys I'm gonna get my beard lined up as
well and then maybe even I remember last
time you guys roasted view and I had my
eyebrows but maybe we'll see we'll see
how it goes guys
long road foot
instead
understand you
so check it out guys we just finished
with the haircut your man killed it he
went fire I was going to quickly wash my
hair now and then we should be good to
go
your boys looking fresh right now I'm
looking fresh as though today anyways
we're gonna go look around had a haircut
got my new kicks today was a good day
Samir Marimo came over to like the
Japanese store they have a ravika guys
I'm gonna be straight out on it
this Japanese store always has the
coolest and weirdest things like I never
even knew like some of these things
existed let me show you okay like look
at this guy's I'm a vlogger and I've
never heard about this thing it's called
a camera blower it blows your camera to
make the dust go away
for now we're actually leaving to go see
my sister and her friend got a load of
stuff to unbox when I get home but Yemen
it was a successful that would
where's the car
damn car that's the biggest struggle
guys I went it's busy
I always forget where I park my car look
at this look at this
I sir I don't know why cars and their
cover looks so so cool it looks like
it's a gift you know like tada if I knew
how to do parkour guys you best believe
I'll jump from there to there but I
don't so I don't want to kill myself
something also about this place there's
actually a club with a red carpet over
here check it out actually really really
awesome I think it's cool like the
Cavalli Club or something or I think
it's like a dinner restaurant place and
then I might becomes a club for back in
that elevator guys the one that scares
your life oh my god when I come back
down mommy are you checking your boogers
yeah cool I'm busting you okay check it
out guys so today you saw me buy my pair
of shoes right now at my sister's
friend's house and just take a look at
their shirt guys like actually I'm not
going to go to that right now there is
so many shoes bags let go oh my god that
is absolutely crazy guys there will be a
full shoe video of this place soon so
don't worry about that but you know this
there's so many cool things here is I
get really cash lying around I mean I
don't want to drive this goodbye more
than my car this is a kid that's a
Mustang guys and a Mustang and a half
right here it's crazy dude I have to
show you this because this is a new pair
of shoes they wore these are like the
Christian Louboutins look at these
he's the amazing and these are actually
real Python photons so that is
absolutely crazy
Wow this one actually has like this rain
drop effect guys if you look at the
color it kind of like changes with light
but yeah guys as I said this is just a
little sneak peek at to show you I mean
obviously when there's not like this
lying around
Moloch's has to do is thing guys so hit
the thumbs up button if you actually
wanted to do
shoe collection and show you everything
look at that lewton's
oh my gosh Marella I shake it our all
going out I'm going in the Porsche gt3
RS the loud carts your becker's very
loud car
let's go for the ride of Our Lives I
heard this car is like really really
good on the road so yeah this is
actually my first ride in a Porsche gt3
RS guy so should be eventful let's see
what this car is made of like if you see
it's literally a caged car like this car
is meant for the track so it's
ridiculous like is it safe oh my god it
slides a lot as all guys oh my god
oh this car is ridiculous
you
Oh night view of share side road yeah is
absolutely beautiful
whoa breathe breathe oh boy
that is like equals zero to 100 real
quick oh my god this car is crazy we're
surrounded by the purple lapis
this
Wow a lineup
the Lambos have been like destroyed
today I don't even care guys they've
literally just been killed ago so
this crazy
y'all wear a red light right now guys
you already know it is
so we just made it over to Buffalo Wild
Wings we're going to try out some wings
over here and yet they have this
challenge I you have the spiciest wings
ever but because we don't want to kill
ourselves today we're just going to go
normal straight out normal medium the
wings just go here guys so we have two
portions of medium and one just nothing
because my mom hate spicy food but check
it out as you can see that's the sweet
barbecue sauce and nose of the spicy
ones and this is a star by the way the
coolest part is that you get to wear
gloves guys so you can have to take your
wings without getting your hands dirty
humming boys just gone completely savage
mode she doesn't even want a glove guys
sigh man check it out guys so we just
got dessert wow what is this just one
bit so much
right cheesecake in the middle let's do
this time to dig into the dessert guys
let's try this out whoo let's see how
they visit this ice cream mine
hi father this the man himself Jacob
what's outside watches the videos and he
was just making today awesome Frost I
appreciate a man thank you so much man
thank you for now we're all heading out
as you can see mommy mo and Lana are in
this car then we have the besties in the
other Lamborghini we shall see you
they're actually leaving me guys I
literally that because they're going
home
I left my car back at our friend's place
so I'm going to be going back with the
gt3rs I'm going to be driving you guys
so pretty crazy pretty crazy right peace
out
I'll see for now I'm actually hopping
into the driver's seat of the gt3 RS
guys as you can see so I'm gonna put the
camera away until I learn how to drive
this beast just look at the view guys oh
my god oh we're stuck in a little bit of
traffic but this car feels so so
powerful as you can see cars in front of
us but once we get onto the highway I'll
show you what this car can do just
listen to it they'll be guys
you put your foot down a little and the
engine just goes it's a sports mode
let's go
whoa you hear the noises this engine
makes these cars crazy guys
I'll show them the street view this time
I three two guys
as you can tell guys and I think Oh
think sentries are pretty quickly with
this car because I'm just scared
we made onto the paper guys and this is
where you can probably hear the car so
here's open and here
whoa this is the best place to show you
the sound of this car because it really
does grow actually yes I mean they bring
down my window as well guys take a
goodness and Fidesz okay you're you
ready guys
it's just it's a monster guys I don't
anyways guys now we're going to say
goodbye to this gt3 RS as you can see
most of awesome car and yeah there was a
crazy Drive and here's a flock this
beast up and yeah see you soon buddy see
you soon now they're gonna wrap up
today's look here I genuinely had the
time of my life like it's actually been
quite a while now that I think about it
since I've been behind the wheel of a
sports car the adrenaline rush you get
driving these things is just crazy by
the way Lana's just sing now you know
she's snapping Instagram posting as you
do when you get home don't I know you
guys do that don't play yourself
everybody does messes they go you're on
social media but yeah here's a thumbs up
if you did enjoy today's video I would
appreciate that if you haven't already
check out yesterday's vlog that was also
insane it's so cool you're two days
back-to-back crazy stuff happening so
I've sort of said I appreciate one of
you for supporting the channel making a
girl and yeah man I need to I'm
definitely going to start doing more
supercar things again it's been a while
since I've just laid off it but I think
it was good at least we got some time
off and now I'm gonna try and get hold
of some crazy crazy cars for you guys
muh catch you got some more for another
epic vlog I love you'll just be happy
and positive and make sure to smile guys
peace bye
