yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
today me and Momo are about to go to the
post office so we're going to start a
vlog for you so I'm gonna be taking my
brother's car it's been a while since we
went to the post office and I have no
idea what to expect
okay I hope I can drive my brother's car
good or else he gonna kill me
time to adjust guys lens is a bit dirty
sorry sorry I'm tickling up tickling
guys and just start
guys Swami
just got to the post office and it's
closed this close I had no idea and we
came all the way I guess we can collect
the letter so we're about to go in and
do that three two
it's all good we made it
I'm sorry go myself into the car my
 I can't talk time to go guys let go
let go let go text I will check guys if
it's go winter clothes like a mall this
is a repeat I repeat you use this part
maybe it's better than the other part
this used to be one of those songs that
touch my heart if you don't see me there
in this blog you can catch me out of
much I'm gonna give myself a promotion
down there so check out my link it's
gonna be the bio and the description
he's gonna kill me further let's go
inside and see what mores up to I think
he's busy today he's like I'm editing
his videos for you guys very dedicated
and consistent that's the key to success
guys key to success so my boy should be
here in like two minutes guys once he
gets here we're gonna head out to sea
and then say Mustang yeah let's do this
oh he actually might be here did they
come with the Mustang I don't know okay
I hear something it's a loud ass car
whoo so check it out as you saw there
guys my boy RAC just made it over here
hey what's up what's up what's up - been
a long time I don't think you guys have
ever met RAC on the blog's we amound the
Humvee yeah he had the harbor guys that
we went over a car with oh oh my heart
is crushing that since then today he hit
me up he was like yo they're just crazy
Mustang it's got like this ridiculous
kid now we're gonna go check it out if
you guys were wondering why this car is
so loud it's actually tuned and has 850
horsepower
okay so check it out guys we just made
it over here and this is the Mustang
that I wanted to show you guys the alpha
male as I call it this car has like a
crazy kit like to put this stuff on it
you have to actually cut the car which
is insane but just look at how it looks
guys damn the m3 is about to turn on
guys let's see how loud this beast is
okay very loud very good the cars in
here like they look normal but don't get
into it they're not normal like all of
them are like super tuned and loud and
crazy I want to show you how this lifts
up because it was crazy so we're just
about to do that
remove the m3 out of the way so we can
show you the extent it raises like these
cars are crazy let's do this
whether these can feed on like steroids
I don't even know what to expect out of
this car if it literally stands up and
transforms I would not be surprised
right now what do you think it's loud
right loud as hell so check it out this
is Simon he I she holds the car and
right now he's actually parked this car
for a week and it's not like a little
remote and basically it's like I get you
explain I don't have to explain it but
the needs are for me the car was parked
for about a week yeah change in the
compressor the tank the air tank is
empty okay so now we need to wait for
the compressor to fill it up and that's
what takes the car so that's our way in
guys the tank has been empty I can't
believe you don't use this car it's like
so beautiful guys it's built high I
think it starts with the front oh yeah
and a bigger guys once it's low look at
that you have literally one finger space
under this car so that's ridiculous I
just want you guys to look at things so
like if I bring so much we're going to
wrap this beast up one more time you
guys listen
 turn off that's it that's it chill
out you ran out of your line no I'm out
of this place that's it so if you guys
are wondering what type of process goes
into making something like this they're
actually making number two right now in
red and check it out I know a lot if
you're gonna cry once you see the
process but trust me it turns out
amazing so this is what happens so if
you check it out over here you have to
cut the car and when I said cut the car
to make that car you actually have to
cut a Mustang so if you see all these
bolts over here like this is all been
bolted onto the car so this amazing car
that you see here is made out of
something like this you have like these
bolts over here you literally bolt down
a wing to it it's crazy guys I literally
look at it like in the process I was
like what is this but the car looks like
it's going through a surgery right now
so once it's finished I really want to
see how this one turns out it's also
since the Mustang has not been driven
for a week guys I was like let's show
some love take it out for a smaller spin
it sounds so crazy I can't imagine what
it is on the street but yeah that's just
in reversing it just in reversing he's
not even pushing the car guys I think my
neighbors would hate me the Beast is out
the cage guys let's go for a school ride
into these guys before we head out
though look at this the inside is like
so different to mine it's got like these
oil pressure things it's a manual as
well so do I have the middle part yeah
now you have that that's only part of
similar in the car nervous just saying
in this car guys
okay
no heads up head no chill it is a little
different from yours yeah very different
things for small spending high let's go
home working suppose lid
okay this car is definitely different to
my stock mustang guys makes you feel
like that next oh yeah that makes me
feel crazy
Oh
well everybody is looking at this card
is check that out everyone's like what
is that thing
ready I'm ready let's go
I like to add that this is still
naturally aspirated there no
supercharger no turbo no blower on any
power and my car's also natural guys
it's very natural here goes to take off
guys
Mustang power baby
well now I'm stranded in the middle of
nowhere okay on it honestly why do I go
now guys I put my bag in the car
yay alright and and there is my ride
guys
from the outside is a whole different
story ok one minute they or no more
level just so you can take the change on
try to go so that is falling why should
we do that okay we're gonna try and make
you back without this falling such a
bumpy car such a lovely guard what's the
name of this car online so they can find
it um you can check out all of my
performance alpha-male I love that name
I'll give a male of the leader of the
bank of us there and the car itself like
it's the alpha one s550 wide-body kids
so if anybody wants to look it up that's
the kid that's on the car and it's a one
of one
thank you the only one in the world
anyways there you go guys insane shut up
thank you so much thank you very much my
people did you hear that yeah I heard
you're heard last week wow what an
experience as one of one I love being in
garage areas cuz you look around and you
just see interesting stuff like tires or
like a carbon-fibre bonnet type thing
it's awesome for now me and Rach are
heading out guys this car is just not
the same anymore like in the morning it
was nice now it's like average it's out
here until I get back to my car then it
I shouldn't have showed you the other
cars nah it doesn't that idea
so next video guys is running over that
Mustang with the Humvee so it's too far
gone we can't have it on the streets
guys Humvee vs Mustang
you look at these guys we come to the
fashion station or look the one pump we
pick I'm not sure if you guys see that
look the chip is not in the handle thing
for the super and it's like ah do you
want normal fuel like this car if you
put normal fuel it will blow up over
here how could we it's like saying do
you want diesel like oh yeah I'm on the
petrol car I want diesel like come on
man down anyways we're so unlucky today
like try it
Oh PR day if you guys should the like
button everything will change right now
everything you change on I want you guys
to calm down rest in peace right
everything has been going out of his way
today we parked the car no fuel he comes
here to buy a drink
they don't have only that drink guys
it's crazy but now we're heading out
peace opera see you soon take care and
until next time is there anybody home
right now is this even my house this is
even my house dragon okay I'm pretty
sure nobody's home right now while I
wait for my mama sister to get ready to
go out like a bubbles
he's asleeping right next day yo bubbles
does my breath stink
he just tasted my breath really that bad
really
he left yeah okay so right now as you
can see guys we have a special guest on
the vlogs Lana vlogs and soo what I got
a new video guys
hey guys she put up her first vlog ever
right now description click on it don't
worry take on her face right now comment
do click click here click here here ok
watch this guy's I can make a light turn
on BAM oh man oh man
not again I learned it gave him William
Wesley you can never check me back
tonight with a nigga they need get the
message trigger fingers turn to Twitter
fingers it shot on my boss bitches -
meadow split our egg song tell me how
you work work work work work work work
before you began go
to some car-spotting with Lana today you
heard it I'm cars butter now I can only
see some exotic colors from here
see ya know
none for letting the core bad actually
I'm gonna pass on to my brother goes
your show it's a good course for guys we
have the dirty fun of people and show us
all right all right
I want to show you guys one of the
coolest decorations I've ever seen
look at this this is like a jewelry
store guys and look at the stairs it's
got like the tiny jewelry there and like
a tiny chandelier honestly I just found
one of the most beautiful watches I've
ever seen guys look at that watch okay
I'm gonna zoom it in for you guys just
to take a good look look at that watch
oh my god
all of them look really nice but that
one in particular
damn I just went in the store and asked
how much the watches guys a hundred and
ten grand yep anyway is beautiful watch
I do have to say Oh mommy gonna need
some food oh she's coming Oh dad that's
Lana over there look at that one thing I
thought sure you guys a lot of people
wonder why I drink my drink for the pork
inside it and the reason is very simple
guys so I like to eat the ice so I do is
I use my pork and then bring the ice out
that's genius so I used to always watch
cup stacking videos on YouTube guys and
check it out my man's gonna show us how
to do over here three two one go Hey oh
man what's the time what's the time is
there time here only three seconds Oh
world record idea I got it so I know
it's harder than it looks I trust me
it's like
hey I can only do like one at a time
it's very hard trust me trust me do one
more time I think you can do it foster
really Oh
Irish season
well I we just got the car and go get
some groceries with
so they have something really cool here
guys let's turn this let me see what I'm
gonna win like you well what do you
think I'll win I'm gonna thank you I'm
gonna go and see where mom is
and we're going to do some shopping look
at this dream is actually plastic and
you can turn the top you just have the
drink like that that's awesome so when I
was like doing this the guy was like
looking at me was so funny so my mom
actually did enough shopping so she's
gonna turn it right what did you get
this min again
swimming hands turn again turn it really
hard what is that $25 gift voucher so we
played a game guys there's just like an
hour a 25 dirham voucher Wow like oh oh
karaoke yeah
finally home let's go too much karaoke
administer meds
hey hey as always got them to wrap up
today's low-key I just want to say I had
an amazing day and I want to thank you
all for the support you believing on my
videos lately it's been crazy so I love
you all this is the last remind I'm
going to give you guys I know I've been
pestering you so much but if you do want
to win the camera I'm going to be
announcing in two days and the only rule
is to be subscribed to the channel so go
ahead and press that subscribe button
for now we'll see you guys next time
y'all a yellow goodbye eyes boom
