yo yo Marnie and welcome to another vlog
so as you can see this morning we are
already we're actually going on a family
day to the waterpark so it's actually
been like a good five or six years since
we've all been to Wild Wadi which is a
war park here and I'm kind of excited
because they should have a ton of new
rides so me and my mom are going because
Lana's still not ready she's you know
doing her makeups and whatever stuff and
she's gonna join us over there with her
car so yeah let's go have an amazing day
at I call away guys let go
whoo all right guys so check it out we
just made it over to Wild Wadi as you
can see we're changed up ready to go on
the rides I actually have to buy my
phone a waterproof casing because your
boy wants to snap for you but check this
out we've got some of the most beautiful
cabanas ever over here look at this your
boys doing it big out here as you can
see you got like a private section for
ourselves over here so it's super super
cool as you can see Hey a VIP VVIP guys
you got a drink skillet you get your own
little fridge oh it's even got chocolate
milk oh my god oh my god
anyways guys we're about to go on the
rides you best believe it's gonna get
serious from here on outside cannot wait
look at the view by the way like that's
the lazy river I can't wait to go on it
so you ready you ready to do this let's
go friend let's go by the way I'm giving
her my phone to vlog for you guys with
so if my phone dies because of water
damage you're paying for a new one I'm
gonna be straight up yeah so we actually
also have like a VIP access pass to one
of the rides I kind of feel like a
douche because we're gonna go in front
of everybody to be the first in Ryan one
of my favorite things as a kid was this
section used to be waves that one
I think there still is they turn on and
off right so tempting to just jump jump
in no jumping allowed don't forget that
jumping over the fence is not permitted
yeah Lana I'm sorry you can't do it
this is what we meant about the waves
guys see that there's like a wave pool
in here now why do you do this
oh no way I don't like that you put your
foot in and they start eating it guys
I've actually done that once in
Singapore it was so weird it is like oh
the fish come at your feet and start
nibbling we're about to go on the first
ride guys let's do this
I'm lugging hey it's gonna be an awesome
ride uncle I can handle this lugging on
a ride with this camera
Oh
this is going hi oh my god that means we
have to come down oh my god we can see
the street oh my god oh my god we can
see the street oh my god oh no we're
going to the game
yo you still the street I was gonna
flood the front side bikes Lord to the I
did you did okay that's great
such a relaxing ride this up
Nina check it out guys so we just
finished up with sunrise we're going
into the cave right now so why I'm glad
that extremely cool oh oh boy
hi guys check it out so we actually came
to have some food over here ayyy pizzas
wait we got to damn ready to be stopped
yes let's do this oh we're coming on
another ride right now this one should
be much faster guys it's like we're
crossing the bridge is so cool look at
this place guys
now you see the entire
Wow that is absolutely crazy eyes up
view is just amazing
that is crazy anyways we're about to go
on this ride so yeah look where we have
to go down oh my god
Oh
oh mama don't do that morning mommy I
mix the dough no way let's go please hey
that's not the best idea to do you guys
anyways let's go we're trying to find a
cool ride for you guys that we can vlog
so yeah check it out so we just came
over to the surfing place look at that
this guy's a pearl damn
he knows what he's doing
and I think we did too much cheering
understanding irritating you know how
the pressure hits or short so
potentially go wrong
he's eight
that requires a month
oh my god that was awesome such a big
wave across
really
Oh
oh my god guys check it out they've got
ice cold water here to store the drinks
this is so refreshing they literally
brought a bucket ice and more guys oh my
god I you know that is awesome you look
so fresh the finale
Wow look at that we got a bunch of
watermelon guys water melone Wow look at
this view guys oh my gosh Wow
Oh
okay boys for now we're heading out of
here all ready to go we're actually
going to go have dinner by the way I'm
gonna miss the cabanas like okay one
more time guys look how cool these
things were they're like your mini hot
over here like it's like a holiday house
oh yeah awesome awesome day over here
had a lot of fun yo it is so weird guys
so we just finished up getting changed
and the whole water park is empty like
we're literally one of the last people
to leave and look at this so if you guys
remember the swimming pool it is
completely empty wow that's crazy
anyways boys let's say goodbye to this
place for now wow I can't believe is
this empty like when everybody's
swimming the space is back down and now
it's like a private safe okay boys let's
go get my car and yeah my mom and sister
are still getting ready to tow at night
the water looks so cool oh my god I
really want to go now like I just want
to go in there now by the way this is
the ride that I didn't get to going guys
the super fast on as you can see but
it's alright it's so high we'll go next
time it's like a jungle dad bumblebee
I'm sorry yeah guys she's not taking off
cuz she hasn't done her makeup we had to
get out here by the way guys check it
out Lana wants to dry her hair and they
were like a massive fan over here it's
so good hey that's what you call a cold
hairdryer I ready to go
we just made it over to the latitude
restaurant if you guys remember this is
where we have my mom and sisters second
birthday party so we're just gonna go
grab some food you are stars here
I got myself some bread and bar I'm just
in love with that guy so I'm gonna wait
until Vonda gets out guys she's still in
the bathroom doing her makeup that's how
long it takes never yeah once she gets
here I'll go show you around the buffet
cuz they have like a huge buffet over
here which is really cool so yeah look
who finally made it guys hey Bleek
by the way our drinks just got your
search Ecch it out as you can see Hey ah
so that's my morinda guys
so this buffet actually has three
different brooms garden let's start off
with the first room this is why I got
all my breads from they go like
literally every single bread you could
ever think of guys and if you move on
this is where they have their sushi area
this is like my sister's favorite
section oh look at the different colors
over here that looks really cool anyways
moving on to the second section over
here they've got like all the meat stuff
and the Chihuahuas over there but the
coolest part guys I love behold
nightfall over here look at that that's
like you know what a chef would put up
to remember guys they've got a
double-handed knife a cleaver that is
really dangerous and even pizza cutters
actually now that we're back into the
bread from guys look at this this is
literally cheese oh my god fresh cheese
look look at the way it closes mommy
look at that it's literally a container
on a huge cheese bowl that's crazy oh my
god that is awesome yeah it's literally
guys the whole thing is cheese like god
damn what is that
be hey look at that boys fresh meat
fresh serve thank you anyways check it
out I literally got myself beef chicken
I'm more beef guys I'm keepin it simple
because the best thing about here is the
dessert no kidding yeah Lana finally
came to pick her food what you want what
do you want
Oh oh my god by the way guys I just
realized they've got a bonsai tree whoa
this is the best beef right over here
yeah that's what's up guys you already
know
look at this guys this is a live pasta
station this is like past the subway you
know what I mean but you can choose
everything I want you guys to do one
thing for me guess how many pastors are
in here guess a number cut try and do
maths PI R squared times did I mention I
said we go about 10 here you do you win
that you wouldn't the genius of the year
that's what you win you're Albert
Einstein if you guessed that anyways I'm
gonna go eat guys she's gonna go get her
pasta and I'll catch you guys for
dessert because that is my favorite part
oh okay what is this is this like a wine
cellar goddamn wow what is that
you've never seen something like this
there's so many bottles in here like
look at that
dawn Perry air I don't even know what
these are I just know that these are
probably like so expensive look at that
guys
ha ha ha ha ha I'm such a desert person
desert desert desert I let's see what
they are they brought a ton of stuff
over here but what is this edible yo is
this chocolate like I think this is
chocolate
it's not chocolate they have one of my
favorite desserts over here guys they
actually make crepes
that is awesome Wow oh this is chocolate
it's covered in chocolate I knew it look
how they do it guys Wow that's so cool
this is Nutella chocolate Oh homemade ah
that sounds cool it does guys look at
that my sister's right the waffle looks
like a fish skeleton I told you guys
when it comes to dessert your boy ain't
playing I go myself ice cream and a
really cool waffle right you go
everything yo your dessert game is
better than line look at how much she
cooks for now we are heading out by the
I want to show you the difference
between owning a Lambo the normal car
guys one gets a golden valet ticket and
one gets a white one this is mine the
normal value tick is my car
she got VIP valet ticket because of her
car car racism guys this car racism vid
they just don't like my car oh okay wait
one thing before I leave guys is look at
the lot watches they have over here is a
watch collection that's crazy
look at that I won one I really wanna
okay my next watch yeah it has to be
either ha block or a P that's what I
want like those are my dream watches
either you blow is it hot no Hublot I'm
Pablo Pablo alright by the way I need to
do my laces guys by the way they
actually have a net here in case
something cause I'm not sure if you guys
can see that they got like a see-through
net so don't worry if you fall from up
there it's gonna stop you alright okay I
wouldn't recommend just jumping but it's
there for like a safety feature anyways
right now I'm gonna wrap up today's load
I hope you have enjoyed tomorrow is
actually going to be one of the craziest
logs ever it's gonna be crazy it's gonna
be
Nicholas and to be honest I actually
don't even know exactly everything
that's going to happen I know there's
going to be crazy stuff involved but it
might be crazier than even Y think so
stay tuned for tomorrow's vlog is
ridiculous it's insane I know I say this
but guys trust me on this on all right
stay with them for now love you old by
the way subscribers you're in for a
chance to win a GoPro and a camera so
what you have to do to be in that
giveaway is be subscribed to this
channel and I'll announce the giveaway
winners next week
alright they also love you Yolo Yolo bye
