why are you doing this yourself mama
girl what up guys what you sis take it
off I just worked inside yeah
yo everyone welcome to another vlog
today me and mommy Moe are starting the
blog we're gonna go to the post office
to collect your fan mail so let's go
we're gonna go take the Lambo today but
I hope we can manage to fit in all the
boxes I'm not sure how many boxes there
are but there's quite a few like I've
been getting so many notifications so
let's see worst-case scenario we have to
probably get like a taxi or something
for the extra boxes but hopefully that
won't happen again
right city sleeping so we just came to
the post office and I already opened it
I'm sorry I brought to blog but I just
opened it I'll show you how full this is
like look at that guys it's exploding
it's exploding yes if I for one of the
biggest man guys I have a feeling that
we made a big mistake by what happen
here it goes it's not bad yeah so at
least I'm happy we managed to get
everything otherwise poor mummy more
would have been left behind time to go
you know it's the first time we came so
early to the mail come to the post
office what up guys so I'm back on the
vlog right now as you guys saw Momo and
Lana went to the post office to get some
packages this is the first one I came
out with a bin bag to get the rest of
them so let's see what's up let's see
what we got for the first time is a lot
whoa oh my god it's a lot of small small
packages and wow it filled up your whole
boot you're lucky there was no boxes 12
slips and I was like that's it we're
doomed
every dude careful okay this sounds like
it's broken already ran it oh my god how
many packages God what is this do you
realize the amount of letters this is
this is like packages for a year in here
alright so I guess that's all of the
mail guys it's actually pretty heavy so
I'm gonna quickly take this in wow we
got a lot today check it out so JJ's
came by he came all the way from London
and he actually also got me a bunch of
things which is super kind of him so
thank you so much let's do a little
unboxing guys so check it out we're
gonna open it up you got me a nerf gun
oh my god that is actually really really
awesome thank you my man I will
definitely not shoot my cat with that
because that would be really
and he got me some games guys oh my God
thank you so much that is super awesome
drive I'm not a good driver by the way
so I might I might just crash into
things
hey you got the unboxing technique right
you do just like me ripping it open show
me what it can do don't just shoot into
the road anywhere that way would be good
okay we need to figure out where we put
this thing uh do we need it uh oh jeez
it went here goes nothin guys so you
pull whoa oh my god I will get that
layer we get that later
the bullet is up there guys Wow let's
get the second bullet out guys pretty
cool we're gonna we're gonna do it down
so we don't get anything I'm gonna aim
for that wouldn't thing again yeah
should I do
oh so close mm-hmm
hope you like it man oh thank you my
sushi yalla yalla you know what I was
super awesome guys meeting J such a
sweet guy gave me a bunch of gifts like
today we got so much in the fan mail and
that's the second person that came by
just today I'm gonna be honest so J gave
me a bunch of stuff here in the morning
I had somebody else also come by and I
haven't opened their gear this is what
they gave me here they gave me this and
they said I could put on a table it
feels like a plate so I might as well
open it right now let's see what it is
woo alright so I was right it actually
is a plate Priuses I got two things
mommy I think this is for you so here
you go thank you everybody for coming
back today and yeah appreciate the gift
okay the plan for today is I actually
want to go and do some my rock climbing
you know the ones where you like walk
across these steps above the ground but
before we go Lauren has to get ready but
she's kinda in a tricky situation Kitty
is just sleeping on our lap we try to go
out today kitty you can't sleep on our
lap all day
one hour I said we're gonna do class do
it guy she has a special announcement
with their special voice is as long as
gonna say guys right now I want to try
and head out to go climbing as it is but
yeah we want to go out right now to see
if we can do some climbing I'm not sure
if they're still gonna be open but we'll
see to be honest I've been struggling to
keep into shape guys so I think I need
to try and somehow do some exercise in
each vlog anything even climbing I know
it's not really exercise exercise but it
can actually be hard oh oh the new
feature the Lambo son by the way it
stinks so bad in here doesn't it smell
like your garbage please honestly guys I
have no idea what's going on over here
but it actually it stinks a lot like
sewage ah yeah look at the mouth steam
guys the doors are supposed to be
see-through but just because of the seam
look look guys oh wait oh it's not steam
I'll want you let those steers okay
first thing we see when we come in
there's like this funky room is this
furniture or like just decoration oh
that's why I was hoping to do selling it
okay you can't see me get a try guys
bring your trainers and their clothes so
I wanted to go through this mood guys
cuz it looks really cool but I guess it
wasn't meant to be I guess it wasn't
meant to be guys goddamn mommy who who's
to blame here yeah guys she got late she
was ready super late anyways you know
what I might buy something else look at
these that is so cool
that's a lollipop swirl
yeah this literally turns a lollipop in
your mouth guys I can't check it out
guys we just saw these things I have no
idea what they are but it looks like he
just transforms your shoe into a
skateboard so let's try this
you cannot - oh gosh careful moment
Mahmoud be careful be careful have it
report though I think it's only one at a
time I don't think it's meant to be like
that yes mommy is gonna fall over
oh my god mama nice boots oh love is
what are we gonna do we came all the way
here but we didn't manage to do this I
feel so bad as well I actually want to
tell you guys what we're doing tomorrow
because it's gonna be really really fun
we're going for a family day at the war
part guys whoa but my sister doesn't
have a swimsuit so she's buying one
right now what are you looking for pink
colors blue what you want yeah did this
this color is nice there you go is this
what I think it is guys isn't this like
the knuckle thing you use for fights
what no way this stuff must be illegal
right right okay everyone is button
works with a GoPro oh this is a mount
guys pretty cool
it's a GoPro knuckleball what how oh
okay I need to get this I need to test
this out look at the top if you guys can
see that let me show you it's got like a
little hole and you screw your GoPro
into it so it's kind of like a nut boom
grabber for a GoPro 3 also look at that
you know things used to punch people
with I thought those are illegal I found
one of the craziest things ever guys I
don't even know these things exist so I
saw this thing and it's a mask
now what this the mask does it stops you
from breathing literally it stops you
from breathing in easily so it kind of
makes it like you know when you're like
high up into the mountains and it's like
there's not much nitrogen much mucks
oxygen there's not much oxygen
basically it does the same so it kind of
stops all of the air coming and I don't
know how I don't know what it does
exactly but that's crazy cherie by
apparently it's good I check it out guys
so I'm having a little unboxing of this
moss to see what it is they've got two
different ones this is the one I picked
I can wear yeah let's see I look like
guys
yeah oh stop it okay it would basically
cut your breathing shorten your training
time useless you're going to be using it
for running instead of running one hour
you would only need to run 20 minutes
it's the same time as the one hour okay
is it a small which is only good for up
till 70 kg and then that's the medium
but this one's all black no you see
oh no this one has white I think the new
one's black right yeah this is although
alright guys so you heard it this one if
I run twenty minutes is like an hour
yes alright pretty good I'm lazy so I'll
take it I'll take it and is it a threat
man fart outside is that so like let's
have to ask was it bad to use it's not
overdo it okay I mean as long as you
don't sleep with it it's gonna be fine
alright good to go guys I'm getting this
let's get it bothering I shout out to
melfi's the one that was teaching me I
took the wrong size I didn't even know
they had sizes they have like a small
for babies pretty much and then if
you're like over 70 kg I was supposed to
get the medium so I was about to kill
myself if it wasn't for any guy so
appreciate it my man gently anything
tonight or I guess I want to see the
knives guys I said it all like
multi-tool yeah we'll just use it for
different things
Oh from the smallest where you can go
that's a knife that looks like a credit
card
yeah you can put it in your pocket so we
got a small line
I don't know what in this one Oh
scissors wow that is so cool
I can find gloves this is literally guys
a credit card sized thing and it's got
everything in there Wow that is so cool
there's one more thing I want to show
you guys which I just found which is
really really cool the stores literally
just closing so let me grab it show you
guys and then we have to go out take a
look at this this is the biggest
skateboard I have ever seen oh my god
this thing is messy
yeah very nice okay I told you I told
you you're leaving late guys it's closed
it's literally closed they've barricaded
the doors off and we're stuck inside
guys ah hey they opened the door for us
oh we're the lost person out there let
they're closing it now well I thank you
so much you think I left mine in the car
don't worry we can leave your eyes you
don't need to badly I don't I don't
think we do I think I need to go
validate my ticket guys I wasn't gonna
do it so I thought you can leave it's
free parking but it does say literally
next to my car please remember to
validate your ticket I'm gonna do it
just in case I don't want to get stuck
at the entrance today is another feat
today guys and my mum's this is my mum's
main course I'm going to show you the
only thing she ordered guys look at it
it's tiny what is this is this a main
course guys in America this would
probably be like I don't even know
wouldn't even be cool to start it's like
a little snack the grand finale finally
got you guys oh oh it's leaking
Oh Oh you just ruined the whole thing
what the hell is that for so they've got
like this baby store clothes shop and it
looks so this is basically for you know
them like billionaire babies guys this
is the shop for them look I bet you this
cost more than my outfit today like guys
the thing is like you know all of the
big high-end fashion stores they made
these kid stores I can't afford it
I let alone my kid laughs if my kids are
daddy I want this I'm like your son we
struggling out here to feed ourselves I
stopped with stop playing with me one
day my goal is to provide my kid with
something not like that get out of here
what the hell were you guys thinking I
am by my kidney expensive boots Henry's
voice for today we're actually heading
off home cool red Bentley over here in
the valet section so we just made a who
guys that thought unbox my new little
gadget thing I don't even know what to
call this it's probably something that
can make me die but yeah let's see what
this is
we got your bubbles calm down do you
know what he's done is he's like mad and
anyways dude check it out guys it looks
like a gas mask like if there's ever gas
poisoning I'm gonna wear this just for
the sake of it all right I swear this
looks so different oh my god Mountain I
don't have the books whilst you do that
good times good times right here look at
these guys okay check this out mommy if
you look at this guy's some of them have
four holes and some of them too so the
less holes that means the less you
breathe right
okay I don't understand mom it why would
you deprive yourself of oxygen bubbles
even bubbles is looking at you like what
are you doing is lucky
it's so true though like once you wear
this yeah when you come out you feel so
much easier to breathe you know so like
you kind of appreciate air more job
tries on try you know try see how is my
girl
suffocating love it Oh standby all right
take it off they connect acting to be
honest they did have weight limits
that's for 70 kg and over sorry it's
horrible energizing yeah no that's the
thing like it's crazy right I I'm not
sure that's the safest thing I've ever
bought but it's definitely something
I've never seen before let me know if
you guys ever seen a moss that basically
isn't there strongly to freeze they're
gonna go back to normal yeah the
personal second shy who where was I like
you know panic mode but then you kind of
calm down let's try this again
be careful trying equipment like this
cuz honestly it could actually be
dangerous why are you doing this to
yourself mom and go yeah what up guys
hey hey hey
take your pop you're gonna suffocate I
think she really cool the thing is guys
I'm feeling awesome I feel like I'm
suffocating just boom
what'd you say take it off I just inside
yeah yeah alright guys I hope you
enjoyed if you have just a big like
button you guys can see I got our
southern girl tonight we are a virgin
video and I'm your host no blood that
sounds good right and yours guys I'm
gonna wrap up today's Loki I hope you
have enjoyed pretty cool I'm gonna use
this later on but yes they all the stuff
I love you all right let's see how it
says y'all Leon again be nice people
yo yo yo peace I know
take your radios I catch guys to March
they also love you bye
