yo yo everyone good morning how are you
doing so first things first I want to
say a drawback to everybody I hope
you're all having an amazing aid and
secondly I want to say today's actually
a crazy day for me is also youtuber is
hearing to buy all the way from
Australia and I was like why not show
him a good time so I'm heading over to
our friends car rental company Park Lane
and I'm gonna grab like a nice you know
maybe Ferrari or something and just go
show him around and have some fun so
without further ado let's go and have
some fun guys let's do this
whoa so check it out guys I just made
over our friend's place and if you see
that bad boy right there the Ferrari
four five eight that is the car I'm
gonna be taking out today oh you guys
don't realize how excited I just love
Ferraris but besides from that check
this out look at their lineup over here
they just recently got this new McLaren
and it looks like a monster guys oh my
god as well as don't forget the four AAA
and the Range Rover SVR anyways I'm
gonna take this beast out look at it
guys just look at it let's go alright it
feels good to be back behind the Ferrari
guys oh I let's go I'm kind of late I
need to go see this guy so just do this
so check it out guys I fighting it up
with Jamie uh what up have you been to
debacle I'm being near one okay today
we're gonna go out property though we're
going to show you I don't know what
we're showing you let's go
you got the fans here okay hey what's up
check it out it's like a show going on
over here look at that
hi boys let's go you ready to do this
I'm down man which car did you breathe
it's a like the yellow one let's go
a speaker
okay so the only place I could think of
guys is the beach we are in Dubai it's
hot it's nice so already I love it guys
she was like is it this hot every day of
the miles like yeah this is normal this
is normal weather anyways before Jamie
gets dehydrated let me go get a drink it
needs to be a red carpet event guys so I
don't want to get her back like will
sway so check it out we're actually
having some slushies guys cuz it's super
hot I don't even know the flavors we
just go by colors right like I have the
red with a red one red one what's the
nicest strawberry I'll have that for now
we're heading back in the rori guys I'm
actually I'm gonna try and take him on
this ride they have it's like this cool
slingshot thing so let's go and see
what's up then incasa word so setting
Jamie that want to buy a car and he was
saying Ferrari all the way I I think
he's gonna get it I didn't guess it he's
already told me next time I'm next time
he said we're going to ride with him
Oh
I'm sold I wanna buy this car that's it
yeah it's crazy I want one too oh let's
get to it
I'll get the red you get the yellow I
was sweating before from the heat now
it's all adrenaline all adrenalin I
don't think the ride is going to live up
to the car though that's the thing it
ain't your each guy has to be on it you
said it wasn't that bad before it's not
this guy's lyin to you
so I just made it over to Jumeirah I
told Jamie I take you more like a
slingshot thing and check it out that's
what it is it's actually really scary
wait you're not doing it as well should
I yeah bro with you go and then
I'll see if we have enough time guys we
have enough time Jamie you need to sign
your life away I'm sorry
status standard procedure okay he is so
scared right now Jamie are you ready to
do this yeah don't worry okay you see
the more clips he's putting in that
makes it faster no don't make it too
fast
do you want me to upload this if like
you don't come back or should I send it
over to somebody it's kind of like a
joke sped i Jamie it's all you now
oh not VAD you see I'm not even joking
up to series not again not again
are you sure I'm being dead serious
oh it's crazy I like I didn't expect it
to just go up your your eyes are legit
red right now that was a rush
no my brother mo is up yeah let's do
this good luck bro good luck for you to
be honest I'm gonna cry like a little
girl
if I survive then you can go check out
Jamie if I don't then no nobody that's
crazy huh
it doesn't look that high from dad here
does it hahahaha yeah my lower backs
really sore huh that's so crazy g-force
right makes a Ferrari seem slow love a
sudden I told you a nice doll
it was good bye bye peace aw thank you
guys they always kill me when I come
here they do literally the fastest
saying that was cool rush I'm glad we
did it
no it's a scary it's get the crap out of
me but I can't see my surprise yeah for
now we're heading back out in the
Ferrari guys now the Ferrari seems slow
before it seems crazy now it's like mass
is like it's Driving Miss Daisy I feel a
little bit dizzy to be honest
Jamie's just about to head out for today
guys so this is the lost acceleration we
get whether you ready for this
I all of a sudden it doesn't seem so
scary anymore I'm the one we just did
all right I take that back Howl's crate
right a tunnel right now oh oh this echo
is gonna be sick already
can you guys hear that
that sounds incredible you ready you
ready
listen to that that exhaust can I go
hi guys for now jamie is heading out had
an amazing day with energy food Oh fancy
man and we're gonna definitely do more
stuff in the future so sure I'm getting
this guy to come to Australia to hang
out you might we might who knows there
is peace out and enjoy the rest of your
time in Dubai whoa check that out oh my
God look at this beast whoo squad girls
oh my god oh my god what have I done I
stopped the Mustang out guys it's now
hirari hirari that looks so mean wow
that driver is beautiful you know I
think I need I cannot see guys I'm I
think I've made my decision Ferrari for
you
Ferrari for you yes I gained the
privilege right anyways that is actually
crazy eyes whoo imagine I come back on
one day and just surprise you guys
saying I know I know
Aries for now let's head in and go guys
oh and the thing is the thing is the
buoy the buoy is even nicer Wow
I just came upstairs to change guys and
look at how much for weirdo my sister's
become guys guys she's recording herself
tying her hair get crazy MOT stop it
please
I find too famous for the camera I see
too famous for the camera it's like
leave me you peasant so I quickly
changed up guys and I came outside but
if you see over there there's a ginger
cat that always comes here now
but he's really scared of humans what's
up buddy come back the thing is he
hisses at you constantly hey buddy
why are you hissing at me come on we're
friends
come on the thing is about this cat guys
it loves its food so I've got some food
over here come you see we don't need to
fight I just want to give you some food
when they say the way to somebody's
heart is food guys that is proof that is
proof right there
I give him food and he doesn't hiss at
me anymore
Lana's finally ready guys time to head
out let's take the car the whip hey in
my bra oh my gosh that is a beauty on my
day like I just can't take my eyes off
this card it's gorgeous
yeah suits you a lot yeah oh my gosh
that is what you call squad girls out
here you know I'm really starting to get
into this car now it's like whoa look at
that
yo yo yo
look at this please drive safe we don't
want to get like so you see guys you
roasted me in the last video about me
saying no Ferrari I love my brothers and
I don't know the only reason I said that
is because I care about him and I really
don't want him to hurt himself yeah I
did do so couple accelerations here and
there but like honestly like you know
the other day is my baby brother
I don't want to lose alright let's go
guys too much talkin bye
me and my sister are both at the lights
right now as you can see they're
vlogging I'm vlogging you best believe
it's about to go down Ferrari versus
Lambo who do you guys think wins comment
down below Ferrari or team Lambo
Oh
I check it out guys we're in the
convention center right now and look how
empty it is like literally there is
nobody here anyways you're gonna eat
somewhere over here we were going to go
to the Dubai Mall but the amount of
traffic like the mao-a traffic was so
much ok this is actually my first time
at this restaurant guys but look how
fancy it looks it's go its own red
carpet like ah dad I look inside guys
that looks really fancy anyways let's go
apparently it's really nice and I've
never been here like how am I never
heard of this place this is the inside
of the place I'm actually really
surprised that it's empty is but look at
this they've got like a huge tree in the
middle of this place they're actually
not even eating here they've got
somewhere fancy in this place check it
out behind my sister they've got like a
really cool fancy entrance and you go
ian's like that oh wow look at this
place guys we just came inside and
they've got like music and lights are
dimmed not bad so let me teach you guys
how I eat my cab back guys so what you
want to do is you take your kebab you
put it in a piece of bread and then you
kind of make a kebab sandwich and that
is really cool amazing guys lastly
before you leave guys they just would
have desserts out they've got these
things I don't even know what they are
but they look like some sort of ice
cream and then we also have some fruit
over here so yeah nice and healthy stuff
and his voice for now we're heading out
off your goodbye to the red carpet we'll
be on a real red carpet soon how about
that how about that anyways the food
there was pretty cool it's like we're
walking in the abandoned mall you guys
are probably think it are it's not that
empty mode look at this guy's what do
you call this there's nobody usually
truly nobody like what guys look at
where he just stops yep wrong floor the
Godzilla movie
oh mama don't get up not long for her
own floor I'm actually going to be
keeping this car tonight guys if you
didn't know which is pretty cool so
let's go
Ferraris with us for another day guys
yeah buddy
guys I honestly have to say this is one
of my favorite parkings ever just the
way it goes down it kind of looks like a
movie look at that Alana at the front
there you got the Bentley over there oh
this is the coolest park you get look at
the view
oh down alright get yourself in the nice
angle as well no I don't want okay
another red light you already know let's
go
I hope he's driving safe mom
are you guys listening to this car it's
as if every time I drove a Ferrari it
gets louder guys so now that I will
actually show you one little magic trick
before I wrap up today's vlog and I
honestly can't remember if I've shown
you this trick before so if I have I'm
sorry but check this out
all you need for this trick is a glass
of water and a computer okay so check
this out it's really simple but I find
it so cool guys so if you see over here
we have a picture of two hours pointing
this way all right now if we take our
glass of War guys whoa do you see that
that is so crazy I don't know I find
this so interesting every single time
guys I'm sorry if that magic trick
didn't impress you I'm at little school
or the second magic trick is is I could
make this disappear in three seconds you
guys ready three two one oh that's that
quick again oh I feel so glowing I
literally drag that Selfoss anyways
today we're super old some guys I want
to thank every single one of you for the
support you've been recently leaving on
my channel
hey I drank that way too fast I just
want to say two words blog is actually
probably also going to be crazier than
today's so stay tuned for that I'll see
you then
as always don't forget I love you all
and three more day four more days until
I hang outs the giveaway winner so if
you don't already know I'm giving you a
camera and the only rule is to be
subscribed to go ahead and hit the
subscribe button and yes I love you'll
see you tomorrow and stay tuned for
something special it's okay it's kind of
like a crazy announcement and you guys
are gonna like what like audience do you
guys are just gonna flip out at me but
I'll explain it tomorrow stay awesome
yellow yellow fine Oh
