yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so I've kind of just
left my car there right now
so if you guys don't already know where
I am actually have my boys place mo you
guys should know this swirly tower and
as I mentioned yesterday today we're
going for the premiere of The Suicide
Squad movie in device so I'm just
waiting for him to get down the weather
is absolutely beautiful today they've
got like this on one cheek own place a
river a pond the ocean they brought
something over here where the yachts are
parked and it just looks absolutely
gorgeous my boy mo just got down look at
him hey hey bloggy blogg was the black
100-odd oh yeah it's really it's nice
though I like it
next that war is just so breezing you
know dying and you die I hate this so me
and my boy boy just made it over to the
bull guys and check out this beautiful
rock can we just
yellow bumblebee color and it's
ridiculously cool guys look at this
oh wow you guys don't even understand my
love you like the purple no I'll take
this any other day I sir I love the
exotic colors Hey look at that guys
that's the movie we're watching today
check it out so we just made it into the
movie fear and I didn't know this was
gonna happen to be up like your whole
group of media I mean like we're in a
media hall right now check it out guys
so as you can see Will Smith says you're
gonna do a Q&A right there at the front
so we're gonna just be here he's gonna
sit like five years away from us I'm
saying what's up AJ I'm saying what's up
I don't get it beau we might we might
we're gonna try to be informational base
guys but it's not he's literally five
meters away from us we should all see my
question so if you have any questions
right oh yeah the obvious good question
that sounds smart
yeah
in West Philadelphia born and raised on
the playground of Hamilton most of my
days hey you made it guys were they were
they four-time Grammy Award singer and
victims are all of our time and what
advice would you give people to create a
more fun working farm I have to show up
at work with the right attitude and with
the positive energy and I actually have
a teacher made they said positive energy
is a part of your job description right
so the idea that I want to show up with
the right energy I want to show up you
know we're all here you know even now
we're all here we're trying to feed our
families where we're trying to have a
good
this is an important part of our lives
our time is all that we have so to me is
hugely important to deliver positive
energy in a way because it's Barbie so
if I come for positive energy then
someone else is going to pick up on the
positive energy and take me home to your
families and you know so for me it's
just hugely important to approach
everything and everybody at every turn
with the the the most positive loving
kindness that I can generate that's
where you're cool with the cute one the
iPhone that's very question number forty
percent of all of the world's cranes
already got it
that was clever that was close you just
thinking is my
oh okay I'm 47 I can't see I'm sorry I
don't work for the lights are off I'll
forgot question Rosa
oh my god guys look what Bo's doing
right now more look at this guy think of
it as painful as it is to hear a Donald
Trump talk and is embarrassing it is as
an American to hear him talk I think
it's good we get to hear we get to know
who people are and now we get to cleanse
without our country so the Q&A session
just finished guys near my boy mo are
trying to see if we can catch a reel on
the way out hold me up and like was that
yeah you went for food he was like yeah
yeah at least you got to get working by
guys like the thing is you saw what he
was walking by guys they cleared that
section of photographers and me and more
say now like smart move I was like why
are they clearing outside living record
the rule must be called a very cool
bumpy ride
yeah I knew I should have done now I
should just like stood up and like there
was enough you want to talk down the
track over you down well Willie Will
Smith let's deal are you doing
are you guys doing how you guys doing uh
security security no so we have we got a
really spectacular time but making this
film probably going to be the the
biggest film of my career so first I
just want to thank all of you for that
let's say I love Dubai thank you you
know how to favorite cities in the world
or Miami and Dubai so I might have to do
it through my song you know hit of Miami
song I'm a good be my rock no further
ado ladies and gentlemen I present to
you Suicide Squad alright guys there you
go that was Will Smith the movies
actually started so I'm going to go
ahead and watch it I'll just try to do
my best to get him on the blog for you
guys as you can see it's pretty pretty
straight so let's go inside and watch
the movie I'll see you guys another side
so we just came out the movies as you
can see it will ignore me I was a long
one it was definitely an old one but
pretty cool movie it ha there was like I
don't want to spoil anything that let me
know anything guys actions the glare the
actress like she made her little girl
for multiple she she's just so funny in
the movie just so he's the character is
bad let me just say that yeah we
got to meet Rossum if he spoke to him
twice my unit really had it like the
first I was the world and they'll walk
back again the second time
I think he looked at me once the like he
was just moved in by something how did
you will I love you anyways now they got
him out they're great guys I the thing
is you know why I wanted to do nobody
was in the movies here I wanted to like
move I like this and half the camera
thing but I was scared the security
attacking me they would have um they
would have just raised me out okay I
check it out so he just came to eat my
boy ball had a pepper right now he's
dying
are you alright little choke just a
little bit anyways yeah we're coming
with the Shake Shack to eat I just love
how it looks like it looks like a krabby
patty from Sponge Bob you know mainly
amazing movie night movie movie day yeah
you say my day can I get this like we
got these guys like there's media bosses
like Foehammer we're gonna listen to a
song my boy whorish Kate just made guys
it's been in my head this whole week oh
wait my ticket
I just got him hit me like I'm doing do
it baby yes in his gym YouTube YouTube
guys replayed YouTube thank you you took
ticket just got stuck we're playing hot
is it fine thank you thank you thank you
youtube you too Thank You YouTube
because you to drop a like button if you
want me to do a remake about something
let's see how many of you guys how do
you want to see me on that song yeah I
say yes what do you guys say give it a
double like is there something like a
purple light chord remikit Quadra like
it comment if this guy should do a remix
of hot you to take you YouTube check it
out guys so here my boy Bo actually came
over we're coming to the Jordan store if
you guys didn't I think two more they're
re-releasing the name ours it's like a
limited edition shoes so I'm going to
check it out see what's up
and I really want to read pair of
sneakers so let's go inside and sleep
through a few more 13 more sneakers guys
hi guys as you can see just fit in the
storm actually trying out these red
sneakers normally I'm not into flashy
colors like I'm gonna test them out to
see what it is to more they're releasing
two new sneakers the Neymar's mics hum
so I'll see about that but for now let's
see how do you done so I just tried on
the shoes and that's what they are if
you can see in the reflection I don't
know honestly I have no idea guys
you know what actually might check I'm
either gonna get these or tomorrow I'll
get these blue shoes that are releasing
so I'm going to think about these lemme
know you guys think in the comment
section
these are what they look like they're
cool I like red but I don't know if I'll
wear them guys so yeah hi so we changed
over from the Jordan store to the Adidas
store now they go a couple of cool
things guys I actually really like these
tubulars and then they kind of look like
the easies of the strap and also this
one I'm not even sure what this is what
is this thing okay it's also true
Bueller but guys most thought that this
t-shirt or way to this jacket come on
don't
I don't know guys do you think those
decision is correct he thinks this is my
style lots of times I get distracted or
look amazing I think amazing in that
that is nice - it looks good on you
straight up you know I really like that
the camera fluxes these are pretty cool
I know leave me hangin man eight hours
later we're back guys and by the way you
see how he just left me hanging guys are
the most hilarious people on YouTube you
guys make the funniest comp yes I do
read all the comments he does he
messages me about I love you all day
long about your comments especially when
y'all kept saying that but that he got
left hanging by the manager the other
day we went to a restaurant I did this
the manager didn't see I was going to
shake his hand
Oh misunderstanding guys so and the
comments went on blossom old mogul left
hanging a real man doesn't shake with
his left hand
oh did you I all I did was this guy's it
was like mo he didn't I was crazy the
other hilarious y'all keep commenting
she makes my day like anyways guys been
an awesome day pre shot bro let's go
each other hanging this times and yeah I
will see to I was Will Smith guys for
you guys oh yeah that's pretty cool by
the way
pretty nice you shake what's up - what's
up what's up you guys what happened she
was like yo
Oxbow peace opera look at this guy today
I've seen so many nice cars I love blue
and this g-wagen is so pimped out
obviously mummy Marlana parked the
purple beast over here hey hey
you check it out guys Joey you look so
different guys because that I didn't
afraid and I left I sprayed it so much
I'm trying to keep this like a permanent
hairstyle
what your armpits still stink tell the
video why not today
I'm joking I think you know what I'm
kidding guys though i cream eos we don't
stink it's just a joke my metro say
today
he was walking like imagine I'm here
I'll sit down here and he looked like
this my I didn't say anything I want to
decide I'm so dumb I'm so done ninety
million two times two times she went by
no but like he had like on charge of
security and I was like that I've liked
the booking files like I was looking
into the camera trying to get him to
look I should know actually mo going to
say hi to the vlog but from born he was
like one of these like yeah you've loved
that so I couldn't get them yeah I'm
sure we'll Smith's watching this but
next time come say hi to me if you're
watching visit like me you should I mean
I don't come say hi
I actually show you guys something which
you may not know so if you guys didn't
know one of the only ways to tell what
the original color of a car is is under
the bonnet so if you check that out
tah-dah it's white guys if you guys
didn't know that like literally I think
all cars they treat all cars the only
way you can tell if it's wrapped is
check under the bonnet because that's
the only place they don't wrap I
remember even we carry aside to this
Lamborghini
I remember their explaining like this
how you can tell the original color so I
thought that was pretty cool but yeah
here is my food my takeaway and yeah
let's close up high let's lock this
beast up and go that suits mommy more
mommy more we should buy your
Lamborghini how about that you know
check it out guys so I just met my boy a
deep all the way these designs use this
Thank You Man what she blows everything
more appreciate you make everyone smile
everyone love you keep up the good work
thank you man I appreciate it
my boy now gather up from London gave
two days ago and saw me Annie I think
that's more your Scott coming it sir I
need appreciate man so good thank you so
much man people much love keep up the
Google hi this is she not a thing yeah
yeah what's up I really like it yeah hey
girls go we're doing a we're doing a me
agree here yeah I'm getting blog again
hey what's up everybody
hey that's awesome
we're now we're heading up on guys
Alana's going in her car
and me and my mama she going in my
carcass I'm the fun guy
No
I'm getting super comfortable with
today's vlog but before I'm today's lore
I want to open this one packet I don't
know why I told you guys this reminds me
of a chicken I just feels cushy to me
like a chicken would makes a weird place
so let's open this up and see what we
have got my knife and yeah man oh all
right oh my god Wow okay so as you can
see guys there is some polo shirts I am
100% sure this is my sister's because a
way it's a large wait a second what is
this for me
this is not a large no way to spit me
out you know what let's put this to the
side it seems like a smooth guys I'm
just gonna say that next up we have a
pink one I I think whoever it was sent
my sister a bunch of clothes I got a
bunch of notes over here I'm gonna read
the letter to see what they are they're
very very small so my guess is maybe
rupee boo
oh my God look at this they sent me a
congratulations a 1 million subscribers
poster no that is crazy
Wow oh my god that is absolutely awesome
oh my god so I just read the lag gaiz of
my boy shadow duel I hope I'm
pronouncing that right set all of these
in you know what I'm gonna take it
straight upstairs because two of the
t-shirts I think are my sister so you
got two polo shirts over there the pink
and the purple one are for you the thing
is the layers super sweet guys wow this
is such a nice shirt and the purple one
is also for your favorite color thank
you so much
they've taken like a bunch of print
screens that is awesome right that is so
so awesome gosh out to the vlog look at
this
I you know guys I love stuff like this
customized personalized and the reason
I'm super happy with this fan no guys he
actually sent me a letter saying how he
started blogging because of me and the
thing is a lot of time when I reply to
people in the comment section you know
you don't really know who you're
applying to and that's this guy yeah
he's got like that but you know what's
crazy like this print screen replies
like me replying to his comment and it's
just so cool to think like I made
somebody happy by replying cuz I do try
guys i knows i it doesn't seem like it
because there's so many comments and the
ones i replied to get lost but even you
he's print screamed she you apparently
liked his tweet it's downstairs like
check this out guys even my sister
apparently liked one of his tweet oh my
god oh it's crazy right it's crazy
that's fun love shuddered dual blog so
thank you my bad here shaggy-dog low
still blogs oh you started blogging cuz
of me even got the mold blog shirt which
is really really awesome so thank you
mine much love this is so cool so fuel
and the colonies has made my day like ah
this is literally the coolest thing
among time to do this by the way today
was national Friendship Day civil
awfully I've enjoyed that with their
friends and you can stay awesome guys
I'm telling them about national
Friendship Day
it makes why can't I love about
Friendship Day
yeah are you making fun of Friendship
Day yeah laughing no I'm just saying
everybody happy Friendship Day guys
anyway also love you I'll see you guys
more for another vlog gollu Yolo happy
Friendship Day
bye friends hello friend
my sister's made this holiday out as if
it's like a big holiday guys she's been
telling me about it all day not
friendship day today yeah I know guys
it's French up there I get it the first
time I actually found out I never knew
there was such a holiday no idea until I
saw you guys tagging us on Instagram
happy Friendship Day that's what
realizes friendship alright happy
Friendship Day guys peace
