yo yo everyone good morning a welcome to
another vlog so today's gonna be crazy
that I told you yesterday we're actually
all going on a private helicopter ride
today so without further ado let's head
over they've never actually been on hand
okay
she's been on a helicopter ride but not
the one we're going on today okay this
one's special see - we'll put some
respect on the helicopter anyways right
now we're heading over to Hedy - bye
let's go on an adventure guys whoo okay
I just want to show you this like right
outside this place this is the best
place to do some drifting no no no no
mom it's mom is wanted mom and mom it
wouldn't work for it
clearly you can easy to empty space
ships haha oh you're one do we have to
go no no we are here
ah ok guys so check it out we just made
it over here to the helipad it the
weather is amazing we're next to the
ocean whoa yeah just save the joke you
just told me it's gonna be a heavy part
of a ride yet you never see you just
killed the vibe
it's a helipad if I ride your joke
sorrowful uh-huh my first joke in my
life
Wow that is absolutely crazy
so check it out before I go get strapped
in I see a helicopter coming back Matt
thought I'd show you it's so loud when
it gets close to you
it's so windy right
we are now on the helipad as you can see
behind me just about to go on whoo
I've actually never been this close and
personal to a helicopter it's just it's
just standing here just seeing here this
is like a private tour if I owned one
you best believe guys every day every
day on my helicopter let's go let's go
let's go
this is Andrew our pilot he's gonna be
flying the aircraft today my first time
today you ready ready I'm the last one
to have my safety belt on guys honestly
I can probably fly but just just in case
I put this on
hi Lana good luck come on you can do
this watch your head watch your head are
you in bed nice and comfy okay just make
sure you don't open the door okay for
sure I will never open the door she's so
cool
by the way guys this flight is gonna get
Andrew his 10,000 flying hours so this
is I should a special moment I want you
guys to hit the like button for Andrew
and he's actually flown stuff like from
movies like Boston furious and stuff
like that right the Star Wars Wow okay
get the best of the best you're the best
of the best anyways let's go in I'm
gonna be in the passenger seat at the
front guys so let's do this so here goes
nothing guys we're about to take off I'm
in the front seat this is just insane
like all of the buttons I don't even
know what they do but they just look
cool guys I can hear the motors turning
on and everything like that this is
gonna be insane
all the way up
you're literally flying over to buy
right now this is insane
I
I can't
we are dreaming in the dark with nothing
more than does search for you say
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you
that was crazy guys
my ears feel so weird right now now is
addict on the ride insane by
look at that look at that Wow that thing
is so loud though guys like do you
realize you know I felt so cool Brenda's
a headset and I could hear you Joe like
robots like I made a maybe I put in here
yeah what's going on what's going on it
I know as you can see we store our
safety stuff on safety first
anyways guys right now we are heading
out insane stuff what a way to start a
day like normally I start vlogging now
but now we've already done all this
amazing stuff anyways huge shout out to
go aerials and heli Dubai for making
this private little tour possible for us
so yeah anyways we're gonna head out now
let's go woah what a day
drifting 2.0 let's go let's go I'm sorry
guys sorry boogers oh stop stop stop
stop
you need people looking at you uh they
should know what's up mo blocks is in
the house small vlogs the drift King
seriously that's too fast
a Ferrari for you know Ferrari guys no
mommy right now thank you this guy he's
changed ever since he drove her ru
mentality his mind is everything is not
more more more Ferrari goes around comes
around
yeah when you have kids your kids gonna
do the same thing to you right like it I
if my kid starts beating on my yo let's
go let's go m√≠nimo in the building yeah
it's not gonna do I believe me once you
become parent you're probably gonna do
the same thing and you're not gonna let
them drive you they'd shout out to give
already sounds like an animal Anadyr Oh
should i okay so somebody's killing us
right now I just want to prank them
because they call my phone like six
times and I think they're a fan yeah go
go to the quickly answer oh you missed
it don't worry school like seven times
go along okay if you were the guy crumb
so we have to do this we have to prank
you as much as they say is this mo blow
to Lana be like no this is they like
this is Billy okay they call they called
a good
I feel bad guys I'm gonna let the guy
know what's up
do you know who that was none of ours
Lana ha ha
thank you recording ok I gotta leave
baseball that was ma ma ma ma no I'm
gonna sell advertising you so I'm
actually gonna head back out to see sell
my friends right now they're at the mall
so yeah let's go mo blocks is back in
action boys like Alana since she's
become a vlogger she's just become tired
whoa did you guys see that that
motorbike was flying yo check it out so
I just met up with my boys and they're
doing some kinder shopping but while
they're doing that I want to show you
the Cain's you know like the Cain's you
hold to walk around they actually do
really cool check this one out like take
this Golden Eagle actually looks really
really cool anyways this is what I've
been looking at what I've been here
they've got this and over here they've
also got this check it up literally as
soon as I get to the war we're out again
Lyndon and though we just bought like
some can do reports and now we're
heading to divorce Khalifa the Dogon
because honestly to have free drinks so
that's why we do coke
Coffee little like the craziest
thing and it's free it's like a - it's a
one in two bonus - in one I didn't know
guys let's go let's go it's amazing I'm
sorry we were just about to meet guys
and I pulled back in because how can I
not block this car boop boop
okay linden is a very cool guy guys okay
he's very tall and look at him next to
this car bro like honestly k look at my
high compared to Linda like not that no
he's taller than me by a little bit but
still that car is enormous guys enormous
sexy I know it's sexy into any rich guys
let's head out let's go
I have to stop by at me when you see a
car like that it's just you have to put
some respect on it guys somehow guys on
the way out we got stuck between a
Ferrari for a8 and behind me is the
Lamborghini Huracan if you see that just
normal device just normal to buy traffic
are yeah but what about my car hey guys
I just had some tourists walk by they
didn't even pay attention to my car they
were just looking for our eyes for now
we're leaving the Burj Khalifa guys and
this is actually the fastest elevator in
the world this is the one this is the
one right London few strings
what's it is compressed by air it goes
down so there's nothing holding us
except air right that's why takes so
long to go down like powering there do
you guys are just dying right now no I'm
not lying I think sure this is like
right
so comment down below do you guys think
they're lying because I think you guys
come here let's not be actually anyway
we filled a few air like there yeah Oh
token has an argument with the door if
you know what needed Mission Impossible
in Dubai this is where they shot the
James Bond theme I concur geez are you
Irish said Irish Setter guys I think
this is where they did it wrong this is
where they did the Contras Tom Cruise
scene guys let's see what's under this
beast
hey yeah you need to wash the car bro
you need to wash the Battley that has a
video since the last time this poor guy
was washed when he came out of the
factory that's it so I just met up with
mummy more and Lana and
look at that she found herself a little
suitcase over here she opened up her
hair guys and look how curly it is
anyways it's a pretty nice thing let's
take a let's go
let's go right now on holiday let's go
just leave the store without paying for
it leave the store
so my mallanna quickly decided to come
have a drink and my sister had a
strawberry milkshake and it looks cool I
don't know it tastes what it looks
really really cool guys look at that try
it try it taste it
see how it tastes you gotta what he
knows it's time to go home with the
beast guys that long abort her car here
as well don't play yourself I can show
you the world finish it
oh my god guys so we just quickly
stopped in the road because there's a
baby kid he can barely run I don't think
you allowed to get him guys but we
literally just stopped both our cars oh
there's a baby kid over there guys he's
just he's running as always you guys
gonna wrap up today's like here but
before I do I actually have one thing to
say so tomorrow I want to show you guys
something crazy and if you guys are
playing close attention I think you even
saw in today's vlog but it was literally
for one second so let me know in the
comment section did you spot something
okay I don't want to give it away cuz
you all know but yet I'll show you I got
two more but for now I'll see you guys
the more stay awesome I love y'all today
was crazy guys I was just imagining in
fashion yours those millionaires that
literally just take helicopters
everywhere like damn anyways see you
guys to war stay awesome
Yolo Yolo boy boom
