for Devin and a semi
welcome back to another video
Happy New Year everybody new year new me
a lady was happy news everybody I hope
you're all having an amazing start to
the year okay so today's about to be a
huge day okay so basically it's New
Year's night here in Dubai and New
Year's in Dubai is a big deal like a big
deal every year they have the craziest
fireworks the craziest shows and this
year they're actually gonna break a
world record they're doing like the
biggest light show anyways we're
actually starting the New Year's off
with a little gift check this out thank
you so my friends over at Sun and sand
actually sent me a gift I'm not sure
this is but let's get straight into it
okay I'm not sure how many of you guys
know I did like a really big talent show
at Sundance and like three months ago
and ever since then they just keep
sending me gifts so thank you guys so
much you are amazing have you got
another one
thank you guys so much I appreciate you
are amazing and thank you for the shoes
oh yeah as I said today is New Year's so
it's time to turn up it's time to have
some fun so let's go get ready to partay
all right I'll see you guys want some
old freshened up so I did tell you it is
New Year's today which means your boy
had to look fly oh I am looking good she
out here okay so here is the plan today
is New Year's the busiest day ever in
Dubai literally the roads are gonna be
closed everything is gonna it's gonna be
mayhem okay
so right now we're gonna head over to
the Burj Khalifa the tallest building in
the world and hopefully we're gonna be
there for the world record light show
they're doing let's go watch the light
show this is our only hope right haha
basically they've closed off the streets
I think the only way you can get in is
if you have like a pause alright so
please please work we showed the badge
we were good
hi guys so we just made it past
everybody literally to the Burj Khalifa
as you can see they're closing this tree
off this is insane I'm not sure if you
guys know how hard it was the guy here
but literally it's impossible
okay so right now we are officially
inside the Burj Khalifa gosh this is
beautiful I've actually never been here
so this is a first
oh I already know but do best tables we
have to do it just show them around guys
so we are here next to the first Cuddy
but look who we have hey Tootie we are
here and we have a table here we have a
table here guys it's all ours
you guys are so symmetrical right now
they are about to break a world record
here in Dubai what's the world record
they're gonna put the founders face on
top of the building okay so right now I
quickly came to get some dessert but
look who we have over here guys shout
out to these guys I she met some really
cool fans again guys Jake this guy hey
guys look at his swag Oh what is that
don't shake him oh my god guys rich kids
of the buyer out here anyways we're
chillin over here some host of awesome
people and yeah we got someone alone
you're gonna vlog guys that everybody
here super wholesome we're just chillin
Hey
look who's finally here guys lotta Rosie
oh my god
Oh what's happening bro everything's
quiet Oh mines let's go start now whoa
I've never seen it so high
Oh what's happening we have another
three minutes
why did cheering because others at you
Wow Oh
five four three two one
yes
morning son searching for the lung good
day just come we must never stop there
oh my goodness the whole area is lit up
right now down guys happy - you're happy
do you have the New Year guys I love you
have to do your family so I can happen
here that's my mom so I guys you know as
I said 2018 make it the best
Thomas what are you doing
guys we are officially in 2018 right now
whoo I feel like we've gone back in time
what the hell it's done 2017 what the
hell was that over looking better than
ever
rock you
happy new year so we are officially back
home after the New Year celebration
welcome to 2018 vlogs you good bro you
good bro the first thing we're gonna do
with our 2018 we're going to the dentist
we're gonna do a mouth challenge this is
dumb
listen let the challenge begin
we're gonna put these things in our
mouths and we're gonna do a bunch of
challenges this is nothing yeah you just
go like that
basically the art the game we're gonna
do some challenges are you so pretty
much we're gonna do a bunch of
challenges with these in our mouth stuff
that normally is very easy again I hate
challenging our on drink order kids
drinking water is way easier with your
mouth closed so the next challenge we're
about to do with the mouth guards on my
sister is about to sing a song and we
need to guess what song it is that the
only line that's the Holy Light Yagami I
know the song you could be more creative
with it let me answer f with me and get
some money so I'm gonna wrap up today's
blog and you guys enjoy today's video
you know what to do make sure you
subscribe a king of butter right over
here and watch another of my videos
right over there stay tuned that's gonna
be giveaway there's gonna be more to
come and more New Year stuff if you
enjoyed today's video make sure to
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
time
boy you sure this is how you want to
enter 2018 oh yeah I should use this
ending
