yo everyone how are you all doing
welcome to another vlog stuff so I
wanted my mom to pass me the toilet
paper without making it obvious but we
couldn't do that so recently on YouTube
I've been seeing loaded challenges like
100 layers of this on my face and 100
layers of war in my body whatever it's
been a lot of ridiculous challenges so I
thought what can I do so you guys know
I'm in love with my toilet paper I want
to prank my sister and put loads of
toilet paper on her car so today I
thought do is do 100 layers of toilet
paper around my body gonna go buy a
bunch of toilet paper let's get started
the challenge guys let go whoo all right
you guys you guys can still see me Dad
wait whoa whoa that is so cool I just
found myself in your lens that is crazy
all right boys check it out so we just
made it over to the supermarket now
we're gonna need a load of toilet paper
we're not even done there I hate by now
we can go to the challenge boys let's go
whoo so we just made out the supermarket
guys as you can see got the 50 rolls of
toilet paper let's head home to do this
challenge by the way look why'd you spud
over here there is a car that has
literally been covered with sand like it
even says hello wash me please like this
car is begging to be washed I honestly
think it's just been left here and
somebody's got on holiday or something
let's put this in the boot guys will
what's up I am no wonder why your time
don't need a gun to get respect or
punishment under the Sun about the Sun
or popsicle it's Aveeno self and family
yeah I made them all I made them all as
you can see guys I've got a lot I love
toilet paper on me right now so let's go
put this inside oh wow
is that it are you kidding me that's
that's a thousand sheets of toilet paper
are you kidding me
that's not enough that's not enough
you're sure that's not enough
all right we're going back to get some
more toilet paper guys god damn the
store now thinks that we have the worst
stomachs ever like how much these yeah
go to the toilet or we just call voice
and we'd go around 85 rows 20 big find
your stuff we're gonna actually wrap up
my whole body in Twitter Facebook the
chest the legs and the face of that word
- dude let's do these guys so here goes
nothing guys let's get all the food for
the playground there is going to be a
lot of fun
today toilet paper for tore the paper
party we got a store oh my goodness whoo
oh my goodness what a paper here Wow
guys okay so as we're setting up this
toilet paper roll my cat exams ate all
the toilet paper now the literally just
ate let's look at that by heart Oh God
I check it out before we did anything we
have to make ourselves a toilet roll
pyramid guys that's what's up
oh here goes nothing we got to set it
take
we got the toilet paper let's commence
this last warning it's going to take in
about an hour so we actually ordered
through to come while this Savin that's
what's up
no you're worried you said a fait
Monday you sellotaped my name so if I
stand up for the whole two hours in the
false out so far we've done one layer on
my chest only guys uh two layers in your
clutches my butt just cracked that felt
that I really just felt that I there's
gonna take much longer than expected
guys like can I see my mother
yeah we just moved the block guys
anyways let's go around it I'm not
moving anymore guy I need 7000 is that
the food or is that person it'll send me
to the door they're gonna run away capes
you just go you're done ascending please
please please
I want to see what he does who cares no
but that takes a weird moment you can't
go into the door he has to understand
I'm a better food person know your mom
is dope you're gonna scare the person oh
thank you
oh my god bubbles come back
retarded we are good guys in right he's
itching is it
what well dude what there's something on
my car
Oh what is that my car okay whoa oh my
god what's happened this so many voices
neither in my life yeah just just to put
out there
the KFC delivery guys still there
they're gonna let me look behind me get
behind me ah these know this guy must be
so confused the poor guys like
liberation candy yo he's looking good
thank you
wait can we not eat and then we started
yes yes okay guys I get on the way with
your bowtie listen up guys I'm gonna eat
and then I think we should start over
sorry sorry oh my god what happened oh
the smell vomit Oh
stinks is mold growing under it ah so I
did was I just took out all these from
the roses I separated them and they look
something like you know those movies
that you have like the kings of the
Royal person sitting at everyone and
they're finding them away funny person
so I can watch me stick this I put a big
stickin oh yeah and if I look like this
you're definitely not a weird it find
the mummy find the mummy let's do this
it actually yes it feels good I know
right I actually no wonder they used
it actually works Solana is literally
fitting all the roses in there that's
over 100 roses we counted it out and
it's over 100 that's crazy
we're gonna do round two guys Ronald
completely bailed let's go lift this off
me god damn that was the worst run along
we've ever had this time I'm just gonna
have my legs and hands like this and
we're just gonna make me into a muppet
in one damn leg this is stuck got thick
huh hi guys so we've actually made an
invention for this problem big uns guys
round long beings
Libby this for breaking rock record
right now the speed we're going at look
at this invention now we just came up
with using um something from the kitchen
guys I don't know what you call these
things no mommy
sorry you know I can't do this you see
ruin it
oh that was the loudest sneeze of them
in my ear
are you trying to be about dead extreme
torture ah
I would gentleman game shows guys they
tell me to spin around this is my
attempt at a game show I got this I got
this
so we're like on layer six as you can
see this is really hard challenge
they're like naive yeah there's no thick
right now I'm sorry
so we're like on 20 and we're gonna Inc
like make this faster by using a new
technique so we've got two rolls in one
it's going to cover more and we're gonna
go quicker guys we're doing this and
divide by the way just to let you know
it's pretty important work anymore and
I'm wrapped around with like 25 layers
of tissue right now I look just white
where I'm blaming I'm blending in with
the damn water if you see a fall like
this what you think oh it looks like I'm
holding me mostly they get to see me
even though he's gonna get scared of me
now hi guys this looks like we've come
straight out of a horror movie right now
look like a hostage she's like scooby
Doo commit I turn off the light I'm
sorry
hello and then I don't mind us were
crazy don't mind the neighbors think
we're crazy right now they keep on out
here with a flipping torch guys are the
struggles mommy destroy doesn't even
work what oh my god are we it done
somebody's armpit stink it's not y'all
it's one of you guys know it stinks
Oh
it's not me I just took a shower of
messaging tissues I might be a dishes
think you know yeah brand new dishes
steak god damn there's meeting other
process I'm gonna cook three time okay
so this is not helping at least we can
go faster now three times faster you're
approximately on 45 now guys
yeah we're gonna go three had time I
feel like the lapsing I feel like
jealousy
she's running and she stinks don't
forget they don't want you to stinky so
you know a lot of us she stays my just
so I thought no oh wow I look so weird
we're done 100 I'm gonna check it up
this is a 100 players looks like I can't
even see myself right now
I bet you I look like a boss don't think
we're done here
we're going to make this cement or
whatever it does but it's going to be
really difficult take me to the shower
no more driving take me to the show get
the Bunga we're gonna go inside now I'm
gonna take a shower with the tissue I'm
gonna see like what happened to the
lighting equipment guys guys I told you
we're not working on a budget how about
here he's a battery run out yeah us come
on holy moly look at me oh do you see
this I know I look like a flippin toilet
paper roll I love you toilet paper yeah
you
I turn up the water guys turn up the
water this is a black bear should
improve the work yeah didn't expect that
to happen but yet smash 3,000 likes
leave some more Challenge ideas and I
will try them out for announcements left
oh oh I almost fell but now that was a
hundred - oh this is this isn't visit
like your mom I'm really sick right now
speaking you're sick I don't think you
know guys and yeah I'll see you after
that please so as you can see guys I am
fully rejuvenated right now just took a
shower and I'm gonna be honest I was
feeling so so sick when I had all of
them there's I mean I kept on telling
you guys I'm about to pass out and I
think if I was in there for another five
minutes it would have happened by the
way if you don't already know I'm doing
a giveaway
whoever subscribed to me is in for the
chance to win a GoPro and a vlogging
camera so yeah if you haven't already
click that big red button somewhere down
there it says subscribe anyways for now
catch you guys some more for another
awesome vlog love you'll stay awesome
yellow Yolo good bye
