hey guys what's up I'm starting off
today's vlog with a little bit of a
problem guys so if you guys are gonna
bribe all this electric skateboard a
while back and I used to use it
a lot with it the first couple of days
but here's the problem guys so this
thing is really really cool that's why
boy right the thing is it's awesome I
can lift it up not too bad not too heavy
everything is pretty good in the hood
but there's only one problem the only
problem is that this skateboard has the
heaviest and I'm not joking you the
heaviest battery ever like I'm trying to
lift this thing up with one hand it's
virtually impossible I Nestor the
battery in this beast and let's head out
guys and the thing is putting the
battery and can be a struggle because
out heavy this is high let's go ready
for takeoff oh this thing is still fun
to play with I'm gonna be honest with
you guys it is extremely hot today so
I'm kind of glad I brought my skateboard
let's go and enjoy the nice weather whoo
this thing is really really fast by the
way I left the overnight to charge and
it's a like full power whoo and it is
scary boys it is scary see way too easy
with this skateboard guys
whoa that's a lot of fun with that thing
something I seriously love about this
thing is I can literally sit and go to
the supermarket like look at the speed
this thing can catch while I'm saying
guys whoo I pre shot mommy I swear
everything is just so much more
beautiful at daytime guys like you
appreciate the smaller things in life
you know the grass the trees the Sun
everything is just so gorgeous oh hi
boys so as you can see I'm absolutely
sweating so I'm gonna go home with my
skateboard and then drive back with my
car to take one of this home cuz it's
gonna be torture if I had to skate back
home with that you know what the coolest
thing about this skateboard is everybody
looks at you and you go by them because
it's pretty quick I can't lie it's
pretty quick anyways just made it back
home gonna take my car back to the
supermarket to pick up mommy more
because she's had enough of her workout
let's just say that it was a long walk
for her but I was on the skateboard so
kind of unfair check it out boys were
back from mommy most starting the day
off with a nice fresh healthy orange
juice I got the car I kind of feels
weird like I'm saying healthy but we
refuse to walk back home but it it's
really hot it's it's half off it's a
start
I was so now that I will be a my actual
to test out something my sister bought
me yesterday so it's called a magic frog
to Prince check it out and apparently
inside this little thing there's a frog
okay now I'm going to open it up let's
see what it is let's just quickly take
it out the packet there's a frog inside
here if you can see that a little mini
frog hi
just a tiny cute thing and apparently if
I put water onto this it just dissolves
and there's a prince inside hi guys you
know you know the movie where you kiss
the Frog right and then the prince comes
out this is what kind
happen so we're gonna give it a
good-luck kiss there you go a little
froggy can you see him this is the last
time you're gonna see him as a friend
let's test it out you know it's really
adorable guys so check it out you
actually have to remove this black piece
of here and fill the war in here which
makes my gas pump the perfect thing to
use so three two one oh look at that you
see that spitting up I don't see
anything happening it's gonna start
doesn't look really big is not just the
effect of the war
nice tarting to look big all right
suffer for what do you think will happen
no it's bubbling I don't think we need
to open it I think that's good right
yeah look his head is actually bubbling
whoa that is so crazy yo this guy's head
is really hot this head is boiling I
hope this does not take twenty minutes
ago
yeah they completely lied to us guys I
expected like one minute max this guy's
head has still not even moved this is
like the fattest frog ever
he's not gonna dissolve anytime soon
holy moly we are doomed
we are actually well it's getting faster
did you see that come on frog if you can
do it
what type of prints like does so much
more it hit like the prince is inside he
is the one releasing all this gas yes I
can you mean little itsy-bitsy prince in
there you see it no can they not see it
no if you look in there guys
you can see something is fizzing up and
we have the Prince in there yeah this is
this is a children's toy and we still
can't figure out can we get it guys
there's a princess hi anyways as you
guys can see there is a prince in there
pretty cool experiment I thought it'd
take much shorter but yeah there you go
let's just say guys when I started this
experiment I had
bear expectation hey there's the bridge
mummy can you see him he's absolutely
tiny guys like look my mom needs to pawn
her glasses just to see this guy that's
how ridiculous it is yo the craziest
thing just happened guys so on my
sister's room and I came to I came to
help her order her silver play button
okay
and guess what YouTube literally is told
her and this is not normal guys it says
this your fans are missing you
YouTube is telling you how bad your
uploading is yo I burst laughing I have
to get the camera guys let's see what it
says when you click on it your fans have
been missing your videos lately want to
surprise them with fresh new cookie oh
my god that is so sad look at that
they've been missing your videos holy
moly guys so if you guys remember that
baby visit on the wall it is on the step
this time come visit alive okay ashes
detector distracted oh my god shoot eat
that thing about it okay okay so goodies
can they like
they will actually he again alright so
josh is hell okay I do want him till I
turn and bite me and he's so boss yo I
think Johnson just flew how do you
expect me to catch him on time ki-sun
okay kitty oh my god guys oh my god
she's so many issues go go go go go up
oh my god - oh my god she tried to kill
it okay the guys still here he's still
running is he dead no you sure he's
running he's running he's running
running
okay I'm not touching him I'm not
touching it lizard is safe we secured
the target cats have also been put in
their room oh yeah you see his body in
there moment of release guys ah he's
gone route route peace out go in
everybody in who are we saved okay so if
you guys don't know much about what I
used to edit my videos this is what I do
everything on my laptop okay but
recently it's just been acting up it's
been super slow it's been super laggy
and they're just so many problems with
it so I'm actually going to go buy a new
one today and I think the reason it's
actually acting up really weirdly is
because it started to become full now
hear me out I probably saying delete
some stuff mo I have no idea where this
thing is storing the stuff like I've
deleted my movies of iMovie I've deleted
everything it just seems to always take
in more storage than delete when I
delete it it's weird so I'm gonna go buy
a new laptop right now ideally read
article a and
I want to like fully spec it out I want
to see how much you'll cost so let's see
how much money it can cost to buy a
laptop guys and the thing is this laptop
is only 250 gigabytes so it's not like a
huge amount of space it's not a little
or anything but I really want to get
something at least 500 GB so yeah let's
see like MacBooks are generally really
expensive anyways so let's see how much
we can spend today mommy boys ready
mommy your foundation looks so white my
mom is so hurt that makeup it's not even
matching with her artist and his own
jokes aside let's go she also brought me
the game tickets if you guys remember we
won a bunch of them and we always forget
to redeem them so let's go do that but
my main focus is to get a new computer
guys or laptop so we just made it over
to the Apple store you know the green
store it's so like cool I love the
inside of the store by the way I just
check it out
as I trees and everything but I also
love the top for this more like if you
look at the ceiling it just looks really
really awesome anyways let's go inside
get the laptop by the way it's so funny
like these glass doors are two tons I
learned that last time I came here so if
you guys don't know where I am right now
if you're over the last time there's
actually like the Apple business room
and the kind people over here helped me
out and I got my laptop right now let me
show we're actually gonna do a little
unboxing over here so check it out that
is the stuff got my room over there and
yes you four super awesome so let's go
and get into what I got guys so check it
out I actually got two things I'm
actually so excited I got the beats
headphones and I wanted headphones for a
while these are pretty awesome but
getting onto the main thing I got guys
BAM so I just went all out and got the
best one I could get guys this is like
the I don't even know the 15 inch or
something basically I just chose the one
that had the most effect so let's get to
unboxing I actually love unboxing new
things guys you guys you know by the way
if you guys listen it is so quiet in
this room
it's like a soundproof room by the way
yeah okay I don't even not to open this
thing let's take this off voila look at
this when you Allah and there you go
guys my favorite thing about any new
laptop guys my absolute favorite thing
is just taking off the plastic
it sounds so now you guys anyway that's
my cue computer guys I'm gonna get
started up you got all the other stuff
in here and yeah see you guys once I'm
set it up for now I'm actually heading
off home got the new computers y'all
computers are seriously expensive but
there's something you need you know like
are like bad like this lychee I don't
know I think it's like $4,000 like
that's a lot of money for a laptop but I
needed one mommy more every day I'm
going into debt to mommy like every
single day I owe her money
BAE let's head up home and let me show
you him properly I always just love
going to shots where people know me like
literally the whole of the Apple store
and more than words knows me like all of
them come say hi and they're just so
cool so but much love Toby thank you
anyways let's go eat I am absolutely
starving right now that my belly is
soloing itself like there's nothing
inside it so it's just eating itself
kind of shout out to the man marijuana
he just came to say hi Eliana y'all do
y'all know any shout out to the family
friend
my shadow went to my sister Malick is
also being a man thank you so much stick
he stopped he stopped yelling mommy why
she got this huge burger check this out
what the hell is that she got like this
massive thing and lets her fries coming
to metal tin guys damn now that we're
done with our eating guys I've come to
my favorite favorite ice-cream place I
absolutely love these ice cream guys
which one do you want mommy you want the
mixer on guys I love these bored ice
cream they just say so nice look at that
guys thank you so much
I'm about to go cash these tickets it
but before I do I want you guys to guess
how many this is the game play a game
with yourselves and see if you get it
right
anyways let's do this guy's you know
what's really cool you put the tickets
in here and it shreds them up if you can
see that I'll show you how it looks
check this out guys do you see that it
cuts it up and puts out it's like a big
like a dispenser right there
that is crazy this is the last once I
had guys and I forgot about them the
final score is 248 let's claim my points
our voice I just gave out the gaming
section I did end up buying something I
bought you know one of these like huge
bubble makers yeah it was it was your
squad madness in that I'm at least six
or seven of you in there shout out to
the squad by the way look at these two
cars Ferrari 458 Ferrari f430 three nine
three nice like an old Everdeen Ferrari
next to each other
neither of them let me do a proper
unboxing of my new laptop guys so this
is my old one this is the rubbish 400
and babe so how'd you guys so I was
super like I don't know why whenever I'm
not blogging at home I just feel so shy
like you got 40 so girls talking so
quiet there the room like I told you
they have like this really cool business
from in the back of the Apple shop and
it's completely empty like I mean not
even you can't hear an AC fan you can't
hear with nothing like it it's literally
if you stay quiet there I bet you in one
hour you'll go crazy because you just it
feels so weird I actually didn't know
max were that expense I'm gonna be
honest like oh my max I think were
gifted to me like my loss smack my
sister bought for me the long before
that somebody gifted me so I actually
never bought one myself this is my first
one and yeah they're pretty the Prius
right anyways in the box as you guys can
see so that's the one I got I got the
big screen this time lost my old one
which is over here I'll show you this is
my old one this one you want it's a
little bit bigger and the only reason I
was gonna get a small my mum said it's
better for my eyes to have like a bigger
view whatever I don't really care but
inside we have this rubbish I don't care
charger this again a charger and this
but what I am happy about guys is I got
myself some head
I got myself some hair headphones i yo
when i saw the color i have to get these
like black and red you guys know is my
favorite color way anyway let me open
these up actually let me let me just
quickly see what we have inside here can
I get a refund if I open this I don't
know I don't care let's get these bad
boys out that's the only thing I'm
scared about can I get my refund oh oh
so check it out these are actually like
350 dollar headphones or something which
is pretty damn crazy change the way you
hear sound to be honest I have those
headphones I think those are the best
but whoa well that was great he just
fell out these are actually wireless
headphones guys hey hey I do have to say
they look gorgeous look at that the
black and red beats headphones oh ooh
whoa blogs killing it with the slag
alright that's all I got guys and time
to open what's better than all of this
stuff again our electronics gadgets
whatever actually one thing before I do
that this is my old computer guys and
look at the desktop it is absolutely
gone crazy with but like look at the
mouth files on this and then check out
the new honor oh there's nothing it's
literally so clean I would have I'm
gonna keep this empty I know the
computer stuff I got is cool but this
this is the best thing I got today are
you guys ready to see what this is I
know it's a children's toy but these
things are don't you ready you're
anybody vote yeah oh oh oh no I cannot
see any
I feel like a kid every time I get these
got this oh my gosh trust me it's gonna
be a disappointment you thought it's
gonna make the massive ones right that's
exactly why I thought it's not bad yeah
that's what I thought it was when I
bought it
mommy wants to show you where kitty is
sleeping guys so let's go check this out
oh my god really broth ready
is this her new sleeping spot
she looks so disturbed I'm sorry I'm
sorry we just Angie she's so adorable
I'm actually gonna wrap up today's lucky
I hope you have enjoyed if you have
smashed like butter by the way don't
forget I'm doing a giveaway where the
only rule is to be subscribed for a
GoPro and a vlogging camera and finally
one last thing tomorrow I'm actually
gonna go shark diving yeah I'm going to
that Lance I think we're gonna go to the
water park
check out these really expensive rooms
they have like they have like underwater
rooms which are just like crazy I don't
a small too much where you'll see it
tomorrow but I'm really scared so yeah
that's happening tomorrow I catch you
them for that
wish me luck I hope I don't die or
anything I'm sure you guys don't want me
to anyways but yeah catch you then peace
outs they also love you all yellow Yolo
boy that was such a weird outro guy guys
am I
