yo yo everyone good morning how are you
doing starting today off with my
skateboard I used it for like one week
straight and then it just went back into
my closet and the reason is this listen
up it's loud extremely extremely loud
alright we're hanging about guys whoo I
so for now we're heading out to go pick
up my sister's car by the way just let
you guys know I'm feeling signal I've
been feeling sick from yesterday's
challenge like my nose was all clogged
up this morning I just wasn't feeling
the best so just a warning to whoever
wants to do these challenges make sure
you have no work like if you have any
work to do just just don't put yourself
through that it's trust me I only do it
to entertain you guys otherwise no way
in hell would I ever put myself through
that engine on why did the car like
completely spaz out all right boys let's
head out go get the car and then oh yeah
I got so scared
holy moly there's a ghost Oh
what does you want what does she wash
she's hiding
Hey look at this guy's so we just made
it back over here with my baby I
actually came to take this if you guys
didn't know this is gonna be my new bike
all right jokes aside or getting the car
and yeah there you go if you guys are
wondering how the tint looks now look
you can actually see her in her car guys
and that's the side so super visibly see
we could actually see her when she's
driving now by the way guys while we're
here let me show you one of my favorite
colors the rapper car and guys babe
imagine turning your car fully pink fly
look at this color on a car
that would look crazy this is another
one which I love this chrome blue
this one seriously would look me like
this would look bad ash like seriously
actually I have a better color for you
guys I mean those are the normal colors
right check out this this this is a
special color in this box over here yep
chrome gold guys damn chrome gold and
satin black roses matte black satin
black I don't even know those two would
go so perfect together
I just figured out they also have carbon
you can do carbon rap guys look at that
wow that feels so cool anyways boys were
just about to head out look at this Lana
took a piece of our all rap Sean said
this was the color of my car one day
this this is the exact purple she went
for look at that it's like this would
you cool this I don't even know what's
the name my favorite my favorite is this
BAM
we should have turned your Lambo this
color yeah why we should have done that
oh we should have seriously just got a
full paint I don't think anybody in the
world has ever done that you would have
had a 101 like literally one appointed
high you know what let's head out guys
by the way guys I thought today Lana
actually really matches this bike by
look at her hair guys what would you
even cool this French it looks like a
dinosaur like you're a biker girl today
like with that the braids it matches I
turn around I want to see like a show
off the lam like look at that
it looks like your Lambo has a tail now
it's way too loud today
Oh
my iPhoto award
god damn that was loud anyways doors are
opening for Lana to come out in their
car I need to go on mine I love the
electric doors that go up and down they
just look so cool all right yeah I'm
kind of blocking off guys with my car
you know I should have no idea about
these back roads I get so lost out here
I learn space is so confusing where am I
going for now I'm actually heading home
because I want to take my emo out make
me buy or something I wouldn't want to
be nice today you know it's been a while
since I've treated my mom so I think
today should be the day I don't turn
though it's a surprise guys just keep a
surprise I don't even know why I should
get it like what look I had literally my
mom is the type of person that I don't
even know what to ever get like she
doesn't really want anything but let's
try and be nice guy like a shirt alright
we are the we have to upgrade not sure
I'm trying to think eyes I'm the worst
person with ideas here's the tunnel
oh yeah I'm gonna be honest the ride
home was actually pretty crazy
I was driving like I was on a race track
like days we just feel like pushing your
car that's exactly how I felt anyways
let me know do you guys think this color
would be good on my car
I let we have a sample now so you can
actually judge together guys should the
Mustang go purple so imagine that's
gonna be the bonnet is it does it fit
does it not I don't know now I think my
colors pretty nice alright let's go
inside and see where mommy's at don't
tell her that I was speeding guys all
right doors open doors open as always
wait did a ghost go in the toilet
did I ghosts go in the toilet I see
Megan she doesn't want to be on the vlog
I understand I understand
kuan say hi to the vlog meow ah he's a
good boy mommy was finally ready guys as
you can see she was actually hiding from
the camera but before we had our show to
tell you guys something now if you guys
don't know much about cars I've applied
for a new car let me explain myself
I applied into this car a couple months
back I think I even mentioned in one of
the looks the car is called a Ford GT
now if you're a car person you know it's
basically this super limited car that's
coming out you got to like fill out an
application for it everything and
basically they've started choosing the
winners okay now don't get your hopes up
the thing is I still have not got an
answer and they have to give you an
answer yes or no and within this one
week that's it they have to reply to you
now there's already been a lot of
youtubers that have got the answer yes
and mostly no like mostly I said it's
super limited everybody wants it kinda
but it's just will you get it now the
thing is my mom told me to not enter she
was like are you crazy and the reason is
the car is four hundred and fifty
thousand dollars guys so it's a pretty
expensive car but the picture right here
and I don't know what to think I
want to think my mom says maybe they
haven't altered me cuz like maybe they
want to say yes maybe they want to say
no she's gonna kill me if I get it you
know the way my bank account works is I
can't take out four hundred fifty
thousand cash so I'll have to see how it
works but just to show you guys this is
the email of them confirming my orders a
Ford GT application confirmation and if
you scroll down guys look it says
somewhere over here over here guys look
at this if you click on it by the 9th of
August which is in seven or five days or
whatever is I have to have an answer so
that means guys is within the next week
I could have a brand new car technically
oh I'm always so bad at me when I
applied for it she was like are you
crazy
are you literally out of your mind the
thing is I will buy it like if they give
me one I'll buy it guys straight up I'm
saying like I'll make sure I buy the car
if I win I'm just gonna need a small
loan of a million dollars all right all
right that's what that's why I love my
mommy yeah I'm just gonna need a tiny
loan of a million dollars I was just
gonna sell the cars we're gonna sell the
cats bubbles is up for sale now guys
within the next week if I start
auctioning everything in this house you
know why now okay
so if you want to buy bubbles for a good
let bubbles we have to at least get
$20,000 room okay Kiki $10,000 you know
um I'll even sell you the chandelier
5,000 I mean everything has to go to
afford this car by the way the watch
I've been wearing today which is this
Ferrari watch one of you guys sent me
and if you look closely it's actually
carbon-fiber do you see that that is
crazy down I never even spot down the
first day thank you my man look at that
that is a full camo g-wagen holy moly
that's crazy
I swear guys I don't know how on this
road on chef's side Road which is the
main road in Dubai I always see some
crazy car that looks amazing
they run this really cool thing where
ladies dressed up like Cinderella
literally they're so awesome my mistake
a pole check it out guys that looks
amazing all right that's good thank you
so much she looks so good with that
dress yo she literally looked like a
princess from a movie right I loved that
dress and the whole outfit and stuff I
did promise you I'd bring mummy mode to
buy something and she's chosen to go for
some sort of dress guys mommy this would
look nice on you look at this nice blue
dress that's my favorite colors or guys
anyway she's gonna look around guys this
is the boring part look I'm sacrificing
my fun guys
to let her buy it anyways hopefully she
find something so you can go like the
thing I want to do right now is I just
want to go sit in a coffee shop like
next to one of the pokey stops and just
catch pokemon I don't know why by the
way I've met another one of you guys
this is Mohammed thumbs up you get water
break from Saudi Arabia and even showed
a message yesterday on his phone they
sent me like a ball I really want to
beat you and
thank you so much man appreciate a
shout-out to man oh you know that was
super awesome man I've had so many of
you today and it's just awesome say
people like you know in real life like
this is real life right now they're like
like Mohammad and another couple of guys
I mean they would lead to something more
like shaking the Lana just made it over
to us what's up what's up check out this
baby store guys oh look at the little
decorations they have so my phone was
dying and I came to get one of these
battery pack things so sorry for today
we have to say goodbye to the your squad
case and the hello to the battery on so
we wanted to go eat food but they have
like a 20-minute weigh in it so we
decided to come over to this store to
check it out what's up where we got
dough oh damn I never knew we were in
London again it if you guys remember we
were here a while ago and it looks so
cool over here these types of places
make you feel bad about your own house
yeah yeah when when I get my own house
guys like we have her boring white
furniture whenever mold blogs house
comes you're gonna see like so much
stuff like this to me piled on top
picture like this our my house to be you
guys ready this is how I want it to be I
want so many things piled on top of each
other just like these badminton rackets
okay
that's how it's gonna be look at this
this is huge I just dropped my phone I
dropped my phone it was about to break
oh my god guys check these out so if you
guys didn't know what these are these
are like the typewriter things and look
look they actually moved this is like
the alphabet and when you click on it it
types so imagine your papers along there
like that that's a push it all the way
to the left
you see that and when it gets all the
way here you just shift it across again
that is so crazy
yeah I sorry I do for sale you can buy
these ah typewriter right won't you call
that typewriters I hope I'm saying your
own whoa
imagine having that in your living room
I'd be scattered full it looks so heavy
oh Jesus ed me oh my god I saw yeah I
was like John the bloggers all right hey
Malik you scared me so bad oh my god
I shot a man appreciate ya oh my god
guys also me you man either why go so
scared literally like I thought zombie
like just shot a gun behind me like Bob
everywhere check out the rest of the
stuff they have over here to us but this
is um I don't know it looks like the
things they were I have no idea what
clinometer is guys I mean what are these
funky things they have in here they
what's so much now this is what's called
photography imagine photography with
this oh that is massive
imagine imagine just say cheese and look
into this light I'd be like yo I'm gonna
have like I think you guys said we
should get a bike and this is the only
thing mummy won't last by so yeah it's
actually a motor powered bike guys so
check it out this on you bike it's kind
of a bit weaker than this super bike but
this is all we're allowed for now oh
look at the things they have it over
here
she's 3,000 earns that the oldest phone
I've ever seen does it come off all
right you know what let's not touch it
I'm scared we're gonna pull off the
handle how does this thing work this is
so heavy guys holy moly
yeah attack us safe it's not even a
phone right a reaction boom
look-alike guys they used this as a
little stereo or whatever it was
by the way guys shout out to Mohit he's
been showing us around the store I am
you good good I just plan it will be
here with you
thank you thank you for showing me
around it was also me such a pleasure
peace out
okay thank you lasting I promise you
just the last thing we're going to show
you guys I'm gonna I'm gonna buy this
new vlogging camera they somehow have it
only in this store I check this out guys
things come out damn it's got the
biggest zoom lens I've ever seen guys
open ooh
it closes and opens like that yeah you
know what how yours is automatic this is
manual you close that's crazy like you
can put this together put it in your
pocket and then that's your vlog camera
that's how people used to vlog when
you're ready
bang anyways guys just finished up with
my eating I decided not to vlog I think
you guys are sick of seeing us eat we're
about to head over homeless a lot of
parts here I parked there parking is
free
echo echo anyways let's go home guys at
an awesome day today meeting a lot of
you guys yeah I small stop at the petrol
station guys I don't know why I've
showed you guys this before
I love petrol station but I think it
smells so nice I always go in and buy
myself a no-bake Andy fluke I got myself
some snacks I got some ice creams and
you're our milk station is your so
Wilson as always you guys want to wrap
up today's like here but before I do I
thought show you Lana's hair because
this is what's happened to it guys
I got curly hair it's got like this
Spanish vibe to it like it's got this in
your little look to it I didn't like a
braid back if you saw earlier when you
keep it too long like it starts yeah III
you know I'll continue that you know
that weird you know you know that weird
thing she had in the morning guys a
dinosaur haircut yeah basically when you
open that like keeps the hair like curvy
shape so that we open you have very nice
curly hair anyways guys this bowl case
has saved my life like seriously look it
turns off with one button you see this
charges your phone and you can actually
also turn it off lightly if you just
hold down that bud
boom it's off like I absolutely love it
the things I wasn't gonna get this
because I was gonna get a phone case
like a couple weeks ago then I saw these
cases and I'd literally don't even know
what the brand is could it's like
unbranded but I wasn't gonna get it cuz
I was scared and be rubbish you know to
create like I can quickly breaking stuff
but I'm happy I have it now like
literally I was gonna go buy you know
like the Apple official one they're kind
of pricey because I think that like over
a hundred and fifty dollars like the
actual Apple ones but I'm actually kind
of happy that I picked this one it's
actually really really good anyways guys
for now I'll catch you guys some more
for another awesome vlog don't forget
press up and you're in for a giveaway
I'm gonna keep reminding you guys
because I don't want any of you to tell
me yo I didn't know about the rules it's
only to subscribe guys anyway stay
awesome catch you guys some more for
another epic vlog I've actually got some
pretty big things happening this week
like like in the next three days
literally next three to five days like
crazy things are gonna happen so you're
gonna see them anyways alright they also
catch you guys some more yelling oh boy
