everyone good morning it's your boy mo
and today we're gonna be doing something
pretty crazy so I saw this challenge
online it was the jello boss challenge
and I was like yo I want to do that
challenge but my way so I thought I'll
go one up on that and I'm gonna do a
jelly ice pop challenge check it out so
we spit it to the supermarket we found
the jelly it is all here guys
and we need all my empty out my
attention and jelly eyes that's what's
up guys
that's what's up I don't need a gun to
get respect under the Sun about the Sun
gotta to feed yourself and family by
enemies your enemies
we have literally emptied out the entire
jello section guys 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16
and like okay it's about 30 I counted it
out are you ready to do this mommy to be
honest I just got the cheapest ones I'm
gonna be straight out of this is you
guys we just got the cheapest one so
yeah really go pay up for these look at
the amount of jelly in here guys like
damn check this out guys
hey now there are God's gonna start
boiling a load of war cuz that's what
you need to make jelly so here goes
nothing guys good we're gonna need at
least 10 min what you call this balls I
don't know what you were kissing at
least 10 cows you guys know what I mean
okay oh do you see the steam it doesn't
like by far one of the craziest
challenges I've ever done I have a
burning light of that oh look at that
mommy most prepared guys we're getting
hot war from every movie for speeding up
the process
I like that here comes a whore guys I do
not want to steal this make an employee
it would literally burn me oh boy so as
you can see we are in my bathroom right
now and in this pocket oh boy it's
already starting to come out there's a
lot of Jenny let's just say that there's
a large any soul we're going to open
with these up and let's do the Jenny
ball challenge so first things first we
actually have to close the bathroom plug
now we don't have a plug so we have that
shitty use a robot it doesn't work trust
me we're gonna use this rock and this
thing to kind of see it up so there you
go guys boom that is our plug today
hopefully it stays like that here goes
nothing guys
Wow I think we need much more money Hey
it was so hot in here we're gonna start
opening the jelly packets guys and and
singing them out into the vault huh
let's see how this goes oh look at that
look at that oh that is so cool oh my
god oh god provides burning I forgot
burning oh oh damn this literally smells
so nice guys I want to jump in right now
Jenny packet number 252 guys here comes
the judge
this is harder than it looks guys we
Richard even doing this for over 10
minutes that taste so good damn we need
to fill up this whole tub with war guys
I don't even know how this is gonna work
out
Hey whoa hi now you're officially done
with the jello this is the struggles of
doing these challenges guys we need a
lot of bin space let's go get the ice
check it out guys it is now time to get
the ice as you can see we need a lot
like literally at least 20 packets ago
oh my god I don't even think we can fit
it all in there that is all of the ice
let's see how many is I literally
emptied out the entire ice section look
at that nobody else can buy ice now it's
all mine so 20 packets of ice layer
we're gonna take these home now I'm
going to quickly put them in the bottle
instead of filling up with water
we're just gonna fill it up with ice so
as you can see Lorna has now joined us
we've got 40 kilograms of ice on the
floor and we're going to be putting all
of this into the box so let's do this
this is a lot of ice guys oh my gosh
this is crazy awful because that just
take a look at that and this is the lost
two packets guys 40 kilograms of ice it
is ridiculous
Wow look at that guy's oh my god it is
freezing
are you ready we're gonna do the jelly
ice bath challenge hi guys so as you can
see we've got our towels
I'm soaked out to my swimming suit and
we're about to do the shine as a winner
is whoever can stay under the war the
longest wins occasion competition it's a
challenge from me we're shoot me
brace yourself ladies first you're gonna
go I told you to dip yeah so the time
where is them you guys not gonna be
coming in second all right I'm gonna let
her go first because you know I want to
respect ladies first and then it's mine
I'm gone this is so bad guys full of ice
like this is actually quite dangerous I
think is sick after this blog you'll
know why like when you don't see me no
blog it's because of this this is
actually torture you know it's like
there's no water it's just ice it's just
jelly a naughty Jimmy nice where's the J
yeah it's like I'm stepping in Brooke is
all you can I first test it with my toes
you can do anything you want
oh this is so bad
this could be dangerous like it could
kill me okay
my fries this is not safe I'm being
serious
okay I'm sorry up to three scare
entities I want to I'm shaking me
alright I planted this wait can i what
you ready study my I'm losing my breath
guys like in three two one
wait I'm going to step it I'm gonna step
it be
how do you feel it's like a reaction
like it just happening to your skin like
it's just so weird it's like did you did
you like I could just feel the ice like
hitting me is like not good no it's good
nice and easy high-five oh okay yeah Oh
make sure you don't slip mom it you
cannot put your head in like I'm being
serious
it feels like you're it starts
dissolving your skin I don't know how
but you god I feel so bad already I'm
also scared for you to take are you okay
woman you don't look like a pig you're
like my whole head it's good this is
like I cannot feel this region of my
body I went in first
oh my goodness all right round two guys
still look at this this is like
something right in here
I mean I think that's good for your
pores it's your - oh gosh guys need me
to be mistake
this is my boy are you hanging sweet
are you okay oh my god did we don't get
this no what happened it feels like it's
correctly oh yeah yeah see that's why I
told you shouldn't do if you come oh
damn uh-huh feels like how dare you show
up here together you know her even my
ears hurting right now my god I feel so
hot right now I feel like I'm in a sauna
I'm against you I feel like under the
sword right my god this actually tastes
really nice ladies join up margin I
accept it with our foot look amazing
round 3 Londo is going in for the thumb
no shot come a bit higher with your
buddy behind ya quick quick
yeah you can do it guys and I was like
no wait wait calm down hey my tears
seriously yes like stinging are you sure
they didn't buy anything go in there a
lot of ice and jello yeah I know guys
I'm doing round 3 I actually want to see
if we could check anything out under the
water with a group of her and so round
three with go goes okay she did the
thumbnail show I'm doing the goggle shot
just be a man to do the right name
wait go go go go go take a swig quick
quick so bad Oh what's all this jelly oh
my no I'm gonna release the blog
everything has to go down lower yes
finish that's it you're gonna get all
dick
alright guys that is it the rock is out
there you go this challenge is becoming
out of hands
a lot of put end to it guys you're gonna
get sick hit the like button and suggest
any other boss challenge is not cold
ones this time and we'll try out I've
got a couple in mind anyways that is the
challenge guys my body feels like it's
gonna become sick very soon so I'm gonna
go take a shower as soon as possible and
let's say goodbye to the jet oh wow
that's gonna take a long time to drain
check this out so I'm just about to take
your shower guys and I've done this four
times already but look at this there is
so much in his that I've done it four
times already and I was like yo let me
block this up every time if it's red and
bruising not green isn't it that's crazy
anyways I'm gonna take a shower guys and
this needs to go for heavy-duty wash all
right please
three hours later guys that you can see
freshened up right now we're heading out
to go eat so we'll catch you guys over
at the restaurant or wherever and going
yeah let's go they have a really really
Vanny look at that that is an absolute
monster and the interior oh that's a man
sorry Bentley I Prix nice oh my God look
at the ice-cream guys that is crazy
are you ready to dig in look these are
literally ice creams guys all right
we're gonna feast up Oh take a chocolate
ball chocolate brown yummy nice right
eye boys are about to head out but check
out the door handle of this shot it's
like a seraph ski elephant like
literally this is the handle that opens
the shop the shops closed or else I
would have gone in like the whole mall
is closed to be honest oh okay I found
something else look at that oh that is
massive - that's like a huge soft ski
skull but before I wrap up today's vlog
I want to say I'm doing a giveaway and
I've been thinking for the last half an
hour what it should be so it's two
things number one I'm giving away a
GoPro it's the first time I'm giving
away a go pro and number two a vlogging
camera and the only rule to get into
this giveaway is subscribed to my
youtube channel okay press the subscribe
button and you are automatically and
that's it no commenting know you could
like the video that'd be nice too but if
you subscribe you're in that's it but
yeah secondly let's get on to the $500
giveaway so I'm loading up the comments
right here you guys should remember this
place which we used last time guys I've
been here for like ten minutes and is
only on the 15,000 comments so there's
ninety-eight thousand for yet once all
the comments load up on this website I
will tell you who the winner is so see
you then it's time to pick the winners
so without further ado we're gonna press
this button guys are you ready drumroll
please the
boom that money will be welcome alright
so the first comment to it is from love
plain let's open his link in a new tab
alright so this channel does not how am
I supposed to find you okay you know
what
you are the winner please update your
bio because I can't find any information
about you but there you go
based on that guy's with a wrap up
today's lucky I hope you have enjoyed
staying awesome I love you'll don't
forget I know I said it like 10 seconds
ago press subscribe and you're in frame
your way and here's for now I love you
all
stay awesome y'all Yolo good bye I don't
know why did that peace
