everyone good morning how are you guys
all doing fresh start to a day today
something actually really cool happens
so if you guys didn't know I hit a
million subscribers yeah I know I'm
crazy right he's crazy
that happened about a month ago but a
one week ago and I just realized this
now which is really bad of me but one
week ago I got the message from YouTube
saying you can claim your 1 million
subscriber play button so I'll put the
message here and the only reason I'm not
going to show you on my computer screen
it comes with like a code which I want
to just like cross out I don't know what
the code is for I if you guys can steal
it with that code or not but basically
that means I can actually order my gold
play button now and it's gonna take like
two months to get here anyways but I had
to share that news with you guys right
now we're gonna go with my my car and my
sister's car she acts she wants okay
this should have been done ages ago guys
if you've ever realized we're sitting in
the car at night it's pitch black like
it's literally pitch black so my sister
after years and years thought why not
let's reduce the darkness of my windows
which is a very good idea especially
with me vlogging because I could never
vlog in that car at night which is way
too dark so that's what we're gonna do
coming in my car because obviously when
she drops her car somebody needs to pick
her up which is mo so yeah let's head
out and have an amazing day like let me
show you guys a normal tint guy so you
can kind of make out what's in my car
you see the cup holder and then that's
hurtin I could just see myself guys
noting what what is in this car I can't
see anything
so the car is over here and taking off
the tin and I'm actually going to do it
myself I've never done this before so
fine you can just look at that
oh that feels so satisfying guys oh my
god this is like one of the coolest
things ever guys
voila there you go guys that is what a
cake looks like this is out dr. Temple
is on her window and you can kind of see
now why the light wasn't coming through
look at that thing anyways it's gonna be
off now she's taking up the rest of it
as well and yeah it's gonna be much
lighter in the car from now on look you
can see red seats in there yeah it
definitely will be easier one thing over
here which I'm more excited about in the
car is this bad boy oh my god guys I've
told you like a bajillion times I love
motorbikes so so much I love motorbikes
too much you know my motorbiking vices
with my brother but we did we did mom is
actually very afraid of us doesn't want
us to crash afraid so I've come on let
me get on it yeah how are you Susan
by the way
Wow
that looks good yeah it's cool right
anyways I want you guys to comment down
below should me and Lana commits mummy
mode to get a bite I'm so crazy you do
not realize the love I have for a
motorcycle let me know should I actually
buy one like if I got one and I wanted
why y'all just look at this view guys
like imagine doing wheelies with this
thing on another ah the thing is I would
set you guys a like target to get one
but I know even then it'd be useless
because Mario be like I don't care I'm
gonna get stressed okay 50 K we would
get one only for the track guys yeah we
truck okay
how about that we're like all right help
me go mad and everything oh oh hey look
at that guy's Oh what am I thinking a
car yeah that's a cool car I'm just
about to switch on the bike the first
time so let's see how this bad boy
sounds
oh my god
whoa
anyways guys this bike is just
wicked Lana does this super guys what
would you rather have her on the
Lamborghini or the bike would you like
more the Lambo or the bike I like the
bike this looks very fun anyways guys
for now we're actually gonna head out
you guys do not realize how much I love
this bike like seriously like look at
all of the carbon-fiber the car's gonna
get left here to finish up oh it's how
much I love this bike I'm also saying
goodbye to Lana she's ditching us she's
going with her best friend and yeah we
have to go alone right now I'm actually
gonna head over to my boy mo and at
Dawn's house you guys seem to like one
day roastin I one day like them but one
other thing is look the roses are like
starting to fully fully dry up do you
see that decide listen to that sound
such like a crispy sound
I always check it out so he just made it
over here you got your boy and I've
actually never seen the view from your
room yeah by the way we would turn on
the lights but they just don't worry -
oh all right wow it's freezing in here I
know what is the a/c on like max the
each room has their own why'd you do
that that's not safe yeah it's like
gloss like literally right here is gloss
guys getting here that look pretty like
wall structure building I would hope the
winners would be taste like goodness
that is actually crazy guys I never
thought about the morning when the Sun
comes in and it is his little spotless
closet I mean you get a hand like a
family of like six this is like a
workout corner yeah what it was a mess
bags or people that probably already
live here it's got another two goddamn
windows that is crazy this is just as
wardrobe guys that's actually insane
like it's like a funny walk-in wardrobe
and seriously you can like kidnap
someone and house their whole pinnacles
desert the gold ones I would take them I
have them so close all those brothers
all gonna go hard please and my favorite
CDs right hymns he loves her he would
probably cut you she would cut me you
know what he would kidnap you keep you
in his corner and then you know what he
wake you up and tie you on his bed just
if I can get to sunlight in the morning
that's like your torture experiment no
it was actually good you get tanned over
here in the mornings I mean you don't
even need to go to the beach to get a
tan moe-moe blathers itself up with me
who sleeps in the bed and when the Sun
way good I know this is like an American
Psycho what is it's like life one bit 18
windows all right boys heading out for
now awesome room tour with that nod yeah
you shop I would say hi to your friends
with the blog say all hi not gay don't
worry giri's they're rollin rollin and
your boys heading back out for now gonna
go me up with the family I think we want
to go each summer not too sure
basically Ramiro my sister's friends and
my
me out somewhere oh my god right here
these things are the worst like they
give you the ear ball by the way I still
have to show you this my favorite thing
about this building is the swirl like
even when it has the lights on like now
it makes you look so much cooler like
it's kind of pointing you in the
direction of the swirl look who's here
guys mommy mo made it into the vlog
we're gonna go eat by the way something
really cool I found on this car check
this out
let's go like these smiley faces on the
front bumper yo look at that guy's a
seraph ski parrot this actually closes
up and it's like a storage place Wow did
you know that it's like a secret hiding
place down so we just came to eat and
look what we're having we're having
these mini burgers over here they just
like tiny cute little burgers they over
here anyways check out the view if you
guys remember this place the boats are
parked out here super relaxing mommy be
careful yeah don't risk it bye yeah I
got my toothpick over here guys I like
the toothpick look if you're so so cool
then a slow cowboy just finished up and
I should get my car in for a warning oh
nice and shiny for once another oh I
should open a pretty special package oh
so this is people us for a while on
opens I thought today we do the honor of
opening this bad boy up now we have two
layers so we're gonna fit you let's just
get to these two before we start that
big one just to kind of hype it up you
guys know what I mean please don't
oh oh oh my god this is absolutely crazy
guys so I got this note okay check it
out then I got a wallet of the exact
same currency so this note can go inside
the wallet and it's just identical and
finally I got a magnet of the exact same
currencies shots the homie NAR vent for
that appreciate a man like it's crazy a
thing like this can damage you look at
that I don't know you can't really hear
but trust me that's hard alright so I'm
gonna assume that they want this signed
it looks like oh my god to be holy moly
these guys printed out like professional
oh I can Allawi come to a deal will sign
them and put them on our wall thank you
is that man no longer any I tried thank
you so much for these awesome pictures
that is actually really all I really
want to keep them there so OCS so nicely
friended and the quality is crazy
this one you kind of look boy shopton no
I think they call a shock you they but
they're definitely lower shock you know
the teeth looks let's see why a bright
it's keep thinking like lennier's thank
you so much for these awesome now we're
on to the Big Bang
okay yes - this is a massive
racket all boy
oh whoa all right
so straight into this we have some some
packaging I will say that packaging mom
how are you bro yelling hey let me
listen my dad yeah every day you made me
smile much love my dude I appreciate it
my boy deep accent is over hey congrats
for 1 million subscribers I all right so
you teal bubbles are gonna get jealous
that's my no like this is for mole blogs
no there's just so many gifts inside
here that's another order now we have
like another miss like a virgin kitty
inflate Wow got a real adore web it's
fluffy edgar is next up he's got like so
many packets in there guys another
another all right right right there we
kind of feel like self-centered but if
you said photos of ourselves we like it
guys we like looking at
we've never make our own family fun
every dollar we done once we actually
got around the house I meet my
everything from you guys next up is this
let's go for the pink packet I'm
guessing this is for you oh my god
what is this this is like I for you
Laden I'm guessing this is all yours
because people hate you hate you shake
you and break you but how strong you
started is what makes you hey thanks
next up we have a bunch of pictures oh
wow we need these scissors these are
good to decorate the house with you guys
our house is so empty by the gym feel
like I'm left on there's no time you
guys like let's see if this is not mine
I quit
surely my this is for me open it open it
open don't break it don't break it oh
thank god hey next up we have another
pink packet guys I'm sure I have a good
feeling about this one
I think this one's for me there's a
bunch of tissue in here and girls
Starfire
I may be no take take the knife oh my
gosh thank you you got me some hair
accessories I totally mean is that right
now my shirt
that least you considered my crying and
you obviously issues Wow more of your
accessories guy promise you I'm going to
use these from tomorrow and oh my god
you got me tattoos here why don't you
open this one I'll have a good feeling
about this
let me guess is this for me oh god damn
oh oh I mean it it still it still works
guys whoa they send you a carrot
necklace is that what is that let's see
I think it looks like carrots the guy
yeah we got the first ever carrot
necklace do you see that it's like a
bunch of carrots I swear I'm not
that's carrots right I think it does not
appraise your that's good
carrots that's so cute this is fun
there's books in this I hate my life I
hate my life guys this is just this is
torture oh that is so much peace look at
this guy's Wow like I would love with
these fancy looking boxes they're so
gorgeous yay
okay now let's all why are you looking
at really guys I have a good feeling
about this one
I wonder who it's for open that's it
that's like mocha smells like mold
website
oh what a surprise and this is mine
don't touch it is mine this is that
money for me I'm taking it
look at this oh oh damn it Oh River god
damn guys your thing ever
my finger went on this metal burns my
hand
ah things not my bag oh this is yours
missing it way they can't karma hit me
back right left
we got a mini umbrella he's not that's
okay this is pretty cool I have to
boxing for Chanel I'm joking I know when
I do it
that is are the most awesome things I've
ever seen oh I'm happy now it was
anymore this is more blood and a baby
sorry God you know what I appreciate I'm
taking this as my own gift
while these are scented candles and look
you got different flavors you got or a
kid you've got a strawberry apple you
got Yasmine and you got Rose oh I think
that's about it guys we pretty much
messed up the whole house all this from
one of the biggest phones we have Thank
You Deepak this is awesome
and there's guys there to wrap up
today's look here hopefully you have
enjoyed if you have drop a like button
and yeah just stay awesome by the way
hit the subscribe button if you haven't
already because I'm going to be doing a
giveaway this week and the only rule to
be entered is to subscribe so if you
want to be entering for that
automatically go down and hit the sub
button and I'll announce it within the
next couple of days alright stay awesome
guys love you all Yolo Yolo boy
