turn my birthday at your life now
yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so right now me and mom
are heading out and I'm finally going to
take the Nissan GTR on a test drive I'm
heading over to deals on wheels let's go
just feel the car see what it is about
guys I love the car it's my favorite car
ever and you guys know that so I'm just
so excited to drive it so yeah let's go
have an awesome day and who knows today
might be the decision maker if I like it
that much we could actually be buying
the same one so let's go now see you
guys on the other side whoa alright so
as you guys could see behind me we have
the red Nissan GTR
and I'm about to take this beast on a
ride I've got the keys in my hand and I
just have to say this car looks
absolutely amazing guys you know it's
one of my favorite cars in the entire
road and I can't wait to take it on a
drive so let's go let's see what this
car is made of guys
look at this baby guys look at it ah
anyways it's my first time test driving
this beast so let's see what it's up to
so let's go on this ride guys my first
time ever riding a GTR so I'm excited as
hell I just do this guy's let's go
so I do have to say this car is much
more powerful than the Mustang guys
mommy mode just hopped out the car and I
want to show you what this car is from
the outside because it's crazy like it's
crazy quick from the outsides are you
ready for this take off guys
ok I'm done I'm done on this car
literally puts you on the edge of your
seat guys you don't even realize the
feeling you get when you drive this it's
like Godzilla no that's crazy this car
is quick quick quick quick quick guys
oh good come let's go
all right it's got a good a good
acceleration - I do have to admit
one of my favorite things about the gt-r
guys is the whole center console so if
you look at the middle I love this the
display on this thing is so unique like
I just think you look so amazing in the
steering room this it just looks so nice
the way they ran it I sound like a
complete fanboy right now there's no
much more to show you off this car guys
that just the power it has like this
thing if you know it for anything
it's just how fast it goes I look at
this
well it is crazy boss you put your foot
down and it's like a jet
anyways guys I'm gonna take this car
back because it is so powerful I I don't
I don't think I can either them honestly
I don't think I can handle this pie my
mom like a document back now but it is
such a fun car to drive just look at the
point of view you get while driving this
just a steering wheel and the middle
console make me happy looking at them
like it's honestly got a lot of the best
interfaces but yet one more thing I
actually didn't know about this car I'm
not sure if it's this specific model
because this is the Black Edition I'm
pretty sure the one we're driving right
now but if you look over here their
headphones or like the sound system not
the headphone if the sound system is by
Bose which is I want the best sound
system you can get which is insane so
come on man we need so little bump in
here come on the one day that I Drive a
GTR the radio plays these girly songs
wrote down gaura vani is no job anyways
guys I just made it back to deals on
wheels with the car I'm gonna drop off
the keys I don't want to but for now
we're gonna say goodbye let me know what
was your opinion after you saw what this
car can do I think a lot of opinions
have changed or maybe they haven't maybe
they haven't but yeah absolute monster I
love it so much but for now I'm gonna
think on it I'm gonna think run again I
just dropped off the keys to one of my
favorite cars ever guys and now to rub
it into the wound I'm walking past loads
of Aventadors
but let's see what happens let's see
what happens anyways the lineup here is
absolutely crazy guys here oh just just
look at it oh boy you like it
this is f430 no I want a four five eight
I actually really love this car
the four eight eight guys but it's not
in my budget like brand-new for a eight
I just I don't think I can do it guys I
don't think I can drop that much by the
way look at this crazy AMG GTS f4
there is such a nice car I love it I
love it on the way home we have my songs
now my playlists guys drop that soon now
we don't raise you for my birthday it's
your life now if I should change the
lights in this tunnel and it looks
amazing I look at this tunnel guys whoa
it looks so free
yes Oh aye sir my GPS signal is always
lost guys at night never knows where
it's going okay well now that we're back
home I do have to say that was a very
eventful first half to a day got to
drive the Beast itself I now I realize
damn it's actually my first time ever
driving a Nissan GTR oh boy ok I have
one of the biggest headaches right now
guys I think the power of the car just
got to me so popping some panadol aah oh
boy you don't realize how bad my
headache is there's always one thing
that makes my headaches feel better
gasps and that's some ice cream anyways
I think it's time to go it's time to go
let's head over to the post office and
yeah this is actually really delicious
we got this like chocolate chipped ice
cream and it's amazing that look what's
on the radio right now so remember when
I was in the music video this song is so
big
Hey
no joke that music video is like on 10
million views and you see your boy at my
boy money Kings we're both just in it
jamming me hey guys I was in a famous
music video you guys you saw it so I was
in a famous music video alongside
Cristiano Ronaldo there was so many
people French Montana was in the music
video you know that's it it's on my
portfolio I've collaborated with
Christian or now they're guys
all right and here we are we are back at
the main post office guys let's see if
we go anything right to be honest I just
came for the shirts anything else is a
bonus I don't even think the shirts are
here but I just really want to check so
yeah the t-shirts finally actually came
and look how many they are guys I told
you I got a lot of white shirts because
I wanted to wear them for so long and
they got here today so all of this is
shirts let's go home I want to see how
it turned out cuz I've never seen it
I've never seen it like in real life
like I've seen pictures of you guys with
them but I want to see how it fits me so
yeah so since your boy is looking a
little bit scruffy I'm gonna go clean up
the beard and the hair bye you guys
you will roast him because my hair
always does this in the vlogs and
obviously I'm gonna flick it up and then
it comes down again so let me go get a
haircut kind of kind of organize myself
a little bit more we're getting all
strapped up guys you know what it is
okay so far so good guys the sides of
big cups now we're going to do the beer
let's do this
just finish with the cup guys I'm just
quickly gonna wash my hair and we are
out all right check it out so I just had
my hair cut guys looking funky whenever
I have my hair cut just looks so cool
like because my head is so skinny and
looked like a pineapple why I say this
every single time I am no wonder why
your son don't need no gun to get my
snack we're doing a little bit late
night food shopping guys and look at
these War melons like what the hell
that's like a bowling ball
look this is a normal war Melling guys
this is a bowling ball what do you call
this guys that let's go blows new
haircut that's what hugs in the air oh
all right
honestly guys I mean I love ice cream so
we have to today today's cheat day today
is cheat day mommy I'm sorry guys that I
was just about to leave the mall guys
but I had to man look look at this
beauty oh well okay what you guys think
this core or the GTR now honestly the
main reason I came over here is they've
all pet store over there
but it's closed that I don't know what
time it closes but it's closed and I
love pets like honestly guys if I could
which I caught I'm saying I can't if I
could take care of a dog I would be the
first person to get one like I love
actually I love cats more but I also
love to have dogs I mean everything but
I just can't I literally can't take care
of anything so I just minimum guys and I
cannot wait to open this up so I know a
ball or shirts okay guys I wanted the
white shirts and here they are okay so
oh okay let's hope we got the right size
man let's let's see what size is this
okay a medium it's a little bit tight
though I'm a large but they're you it
didn't turn out bad I actually like it I
let me let me wear this thing
give me one second guys whoa okay there
you go not bad at all
I like it I like it a lot I quickly went
and changed into a large guys that
medium was joking me but yeah there you
go that is the white MV sure let me know
what you guys think do you prefer the
white or the black one honestly I prefer
the black one I'm just a type of I just
wear black all the time as you can see
by the bomb off like your boy is just
like oh oh okay whoa selfie stick almost
broke oh like it's broken but yeah guys
I'm super happy that the shirts came
because I was waiting down low for these
I look how many I ordered a coward like
about ten like no not a crazy amount but
like I wanted them look at that oh and
the MV MV and I feel it feels good to
have some you know just just in case I
don't know let's say I put like Nutella
on in on my ahsha's like this is why it
won't go but I do want to say one thing
guys so off to test driving the GTR
today my next step is going to be to
test drive a four or five eight now the
GTR was cool in that but I didn't know
that it was a beast don't get me wrong
or was an absolute beast but I don't
know if I could get like the supercar
feel with it you know because I imagine
like a four or five Inc convertible you
put the roof down you feel the wind in
your hair and I've got a long pineapple
hair like this this stuff would like
enjoy a little bit of breeze going
through it so I want to still test drive
like a four or five days see how that is
you just compare just compare to do so
we'll see how it goes guys today was so
fun like that cars whoa whoa I was
expecting like a Mustang with a little
bit more power none and enough that
was like boom it just flew like faster
than the Maracana probably I don't even
know but yeah guys stay awesome I love
you all so don't forget I'm doing a
giveaway now for another vlogging camera
and the only rule is to be subscribed if
you comment down below I would
appreciate as well do something funny
make me smile and I'll try and reply
back to you guys but yeah stay awesome I
love you and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for another epic dog galeano boy
