yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog starting today off with
my Lamborghini that's what's up listen
to that engine roar guys
Hey so today's gonna be one of them
throwback vlogs guys you guys are here
like a couple months back
me and my mo you should do a lot of
basketball competitions versus each
other I've even brought the American
football I want to try some trick shots
with the basketball net and the foot why
don't even know if it's gonna be a trick
shot or just trying to chuck it in but
we'll see what you can do
oh look at that the same who is
absolutely empty guys I messed up guys I
literally messed up so bad oh okay I'm
not going there
ball kind of went out handed somewhere
in the bushes oh boy where is it
yeah exactly laughing don't try this at
home guys whoa I made it oh yeah you
made all right this is why you do not
play basketball with the foot was and
now it's the escape plan guys what mommy
you can't go over that's how I got here
no you didn't their site was a sidebar I
got here like this I don't understand
what you're trying to do hurry up
Mahmoud
Oh a spider thank you
so this this is why you do not Chuck
your ball into some like spider and
festive smooches oh my what a great
start to a day so for our first
contender the three-point challenge we
have la arroz
don't need a gun to get respect upon the
screen under the Sun about the Sun
Republican Savino self and family what
the hell is mommy doing she's in the
background like yes sir mummy I'm trying
to record an intense scene over here and
you're doing an app idle incredible
rebound back got the drink in me going
back to bed yeah going back to bed
I'm stiff now top I am no wonder what
you're trying don't need a gun to get
respect up on the screen under the Sun
about the Sun
I sir I want to put that with no music
just so they can see what you do oh damn
she oh it's gone the Bulls gone for
round two we got mo back at it again and
we can do this why do you have two bulls
that's no Mahmud you're only
supposed to choose one no it's cheating
and there's another Shah because you
look can you stop throwing those fluke
shots you're never gonna get those it as
soon as I said don't throw I can't
believe it
seriously you dogs get a line on her
face I do have to say the long list went
into the bar dad go back up there get it
go get it go get climb the fence do what
I did
be a man just be a man wait where are
you going at least come help me I wanna
be the very best the lawn
everyone dance instant catch damn my
feet too dead to death to death
Oh
oh why is it it's staying where is it
it's over there it's so spiky imagine
there was cactus here instead of these
yeah that's a great imagination to have
one there would be no way you can go
over there are spiders though in here
yeah well they're not gonna hurt you
oh yeah I'm sure there's a mr. friendly
spider who's just like game oh uh I know
you're up seeing your mother I wonder
what these switches are for by the way
it says danger huh any meenie miney moe
which one will kill us oh okay don't
touch the buttons over here guys
every Lana Rose fan this is for you
unsubscribing I'm unsubscribing time to
go swimming caution keep gate closed and
children under 14 can't go and get get
back get out get out you the age limit
is not letting you do this
aye boys you know what the deal is
security left the swing pool and I'm
gonna die I believe I can tell
oh the lights switched on Russell bad -
so much water how do you do that did it
look good
um it was okay oh he's not back yet he's
not officially back trust me oh my kids
I look nice is there oh my god guys what
happened to my nose but alive Voldemort
what's good that's what you got
professionals living guys Security's
gone somewhere again I think we can do
round two guys let's go home
hi boys we're gonna go swimming from now
on so join me and Lana we actually had
professional swimmers as well as dancers
and everything else that you guys
already know so we're gonna go do some
exercising and let's go I almost drowned
yeah about professional swimmer
I lied guys I lied oh we're just sitting
around as you can see right now got that
perfect lighting let's go let's go on do
I go without
all right boys we're gonna head off home
for now look it's already turned really
dark out and yellows a good little
basketball session answer me anyways
Tata swimming pool and Tata oh yeah
let's go getting half our swimming pool
is like getting out for bank they lock
you in for the first 10 minutes crikey
mate we're going down the dark alleyway
guys gone oh oh there's lizards on my
god oh there's another one
go go go quick
Danette denna Hey look at these guys
vlog light is working we are back home
whoo I know a lot of you may not be
tuned into YouTube related news by
thought shared this story with you guys
because it is actually pretty crazy and
is gone viral like I mean to the extent
that this is like kind of global news so
there was this youtuber girl let me let
me actually search off her nails the bat
telling the news without knowing who it
is and her name was marina Joyce
basically what happened is for like the
past couple of weeks people found like
she's acting suspicious not suspicious
they thought she was acting differently
now it actually gets really crazy
because people thought she had been
kidnapped like somebody had kidnapped
her they were forcing her to make videos
and when I say this went like literally
worldwide news this girl her YouTube
channel had 600,000 subscribers okay she
gained 1 million 1 million subscribers
in 3 days because of how much publicity
this drama had and honestly I don't even
know yeah I know loads of people have
just said it's fake she came on an
interview saying no it's not happened
I hope it's fake I hope there's nobody
like holding her at gunpoint saying make
these videos or anything but that is
crazy like there's loads of suspicions
like in one video there's like a finger
look at my finger came in
finger came in and out and everyone's
like they're pointing at her telling her
what to do
and it was crazy crazy stuff but
hopefully she's safe and just to prove
it you guys I want to show you her
socialblade stats to show you like how
many subscribers she was gaining so she
was around five hundred ninety thousand
subscribers everyday she got about 100
and then BAM look at this section right
here guys
forty six thousand subscribers in one
day six hundred thousand the next day
then three hundred thousand and then
today so far she's on a hundred thousand
ah how the hell did this becomes such a
big news story and aren't you going to
be totally honest with you guys so I'm
actually a really weird person in the
way I think okay hear me out before you
judge me and I've always thought to
myself imagine I know this sounds crazy
this sounds so I'm kind of embarrassed
to say this but this is why I'm so
interested in the story cuz apparently
in one of her videos like there was a
whisper saying help me and stop I know
it's crazy but I'm always so like
imagine somebody was forcing me to make
me I don't know why this is something I
had thought before that's why this video
kind of clicked with me I was like
imagine if somebody like forced me to
make videos I'm kind of giving the idea
away now I was like how the way I'll try
and ask people for help is to try and
spell out help me in my first line of
like the vlog so imagine hello everyone
let's play so that's the help partner
hello everyone you know like I that's
how I would do it so it's kind of crazy
that like they said she was trying to
whisper out help me to the fans so if
you guys never watch your blog and I
start the video saying like hello
everyone let's play my episode that
smells helping me guys you better know
to help you get all the craziness out
the window I'm gonna go and find a
battery for this camera microphone so I
can start using it a little bit more
because as I said I had no idea when I
bought this microphone guys and
damn battery like not even like a normal
AAA battery needs them you don't think
once crazy hey Mia my bow just made it
over to the more do you want to see my
view right now guys
oh oh red Aventador right in front of my
car in the valet looks like a roadster
and it's got carbon fibre roof wow this
thing is a beast mission one complete I
found a battery but check this out
there's is some awesome little like
walkie-talkies over here they were like
all types they got the whole kooky
chalky iron man you know on man check it
out I'm in my favorite gadget store and
I absolutely love the levitating
speakers check this one out guys
do you see that I'm gonna try and make
it turn faster right I stop it and stop
it
Bobo oh Jesus oh my god I messed it up
so bad and let's try and do this on it
if I fail this I give up oh oh look at
it
guys it's levitating hi guys I'm going
to learn how to put a levitating speaker
back on check this out so you have to be
soon forgotten and he that he's teaching
me out today
he saw me destroyer man every teacher
back now so this is nice yeah
there you go that's how you do it guys
this store has like so many cool things
and it's awesome because they recognized
my channel I'm actually buying one of
these things if you guys know now you
know these really cool ones I think it'd
be so awesome to have on my table at
home don't you think my moment of truth
guys we're gonna try out my little thing
which I just bought so let's plug it in
it looks so cool when it's off it just
looks like a circle you know let's see
if it works guys
bow-wow ting yeah put it on audio mood
yeah play any movie get to blink
according to the beat of the phone
really that is so cool and if you use
that it will yeah look at that guy's
like if he touches me oh oh it's like an
electric shock and hear his voice there
you go I bought myself two things one of
them you saw now open at home is all
that that electric bull thing but I got
a surprise for you guys for tomorrow
I always check it out I just made my way
over to this like cooking store so it's
actually also gonna be a really cool
cooking type video coming out soon but
also check this out it I still don't
understand what these are for this like
really heavy guys I think you crush
stuff in here but I don't know what
exactly what you use them for I do crush
what's your rush I can't think of
anything you need to crush and they've
got like look at these smiley face
pancake molds they've got a lot of stuff
over here so I might actually come back
and buy more stuff for now I got
something for an idea I had and later on
we can do more cooking videos maybe
cooking with mold me back who knows
mommy cooking with no part - hi guys are
the crane
this thing happened before I left I just
met a Liam behind what's up guys
and they cool a Charizard like half an
hour ago and they have the proof guys
okay this guy's backing up into us let's
move out okay sounds like what's
happening but they couldn't like was
supposed to hear it come here Marshall
yeah
give me the parking meter I said
unluckiest people I've ever met that is
great let me just show it one more time
and that was just a straight catch you
don't think evolve not anything but you
are a lucky man thank you so much for
screaming you got any shoutouts anybody
just the family it is your clean your
countenance I'm ready
we want you to become never be a shout
out to everybody in this guys and it
also being guys you do yourself that is
absolutely ridiculous guys I'm not sure
has anybody cool charizard on YouTube
because I swear that's my first time I
ever saw something to get one like dan
dan oh oh look at that and it's so cool
it is off right yes it just applause
three two one oh wow can they see that
yeah it's so cool I didn't know as you
know what any of these guys pretty
awesome thing I absolutely love it look
at my hand guys under that that looks
crazy while we're out look who got booed
Lana got us pizza thank you oh my god
that is how she cooks for us guys that
is Lana cooking ah how sweet a few
anyways I saw something new the
Charizard a lair no guys so that was
awesome today's been like an amazing day
we wrap up today's look here I hope
you've enjoyed it
boom
I still love this thing so much guys I
just think so awesome look at my hand
through that thing it is crazy
this does not seem safe for all guys I'm
just I'm telling you how it is this does
not seem safe I stay with some guys love
you all I feel like this could explode
in my face I'm not even gonna take stay
close I can't even speak I can't even
stay close to I see you tomorrow for
another episode
Yolo Yolo stay awesome love you we'll
keep smiling everybody boy why are you
still here guys I told you by piece
