yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so today with your crazy
trick for you guys I'm going to
instantly with one tap turn water into
ice okay regular war guys into ice I'm
going to show you how to do it but first
let's try it out because I've prepared
the war bowl for you guys so here goes
nothing I'm alone let me show you what I
got so if you look into the fridge guys
war right plain water not frozen that or
so what I'm gonna do is take it out and
let's do this true you have to be very
delicate with the water guys I saw guys
you want to be really really easy with
it and what you're gonna want to do is
watch this
god that is crazy I just turned a dice
and just turn it sighs we did it boys I
so what you're gonna want to do to do
this trick guys is I know love you want
to try at home you're gonna want to take
room-temperature water bowls water
bottles I say so weird but you want to
put it in your freezer just the right
amount of time before it freezes so
normally it's around two and a half
hours we're gonna go ahead and put these
in the freezer guys and then we're
actually gonna do some other cool tricks
as well so what you want to do is you
just want to like line them up sideways
okay just put them all next to each
other and in two and a half hours we're
gonna get back to them to do a very cool
trick one that's even cooler than this I
this is free awesome guys but there's
also something else you can do so see
guys in two hours while we're actually
waiting for those ice balls to freeze up
guys I want to come outside because
we're actually testing this little thing
on my sister's Lambo so if you guys
remember the stretchy holds that one
person sent us you can't do it
no no wait it's just it just goes
straight in all you do is put it in
there like that and you're good is it
leaking no it's leaking I don't know
check out the tube it starts expanding
you see that it's like a snake
it's got different modes there's a spray
mode there's everything airbrush oh that
looks so cool searching for ground can
see in front of me and me some tried
every possibility ability to North
fuckin Hey
Hey look at that guy's it looks so cool
watching this car I love on the car like
becomes this dark purple when wars on it
I can fly
okay it's been two and a half hours now
guys and it's about time we got these
things out of the fridge I'm glad you're
sure if it's gonna work I'm gonna be
straight-up honest with you guys so I
put four bowls in we have four attempts
of doing this so here goes nothing check
them out very delicate oh my god I hope
this works
oh please don't move too much please
don't move too much okay here goes
nothing three two one that's solid ice
ice ice so this how I'm going to show
you guys how to actually pour the water
out and make it turn into ice instantly
so what you're gonna want to have is
I'll put some cups of ice if you can see
that we're gonna grab one of these warr
bows out again just be very delicate
with it guys oh I'm nervous I'm nervous
so you want to put your ice cube down
here guys and you slowly slowly open the
bottle but our balls are so bad
okay ready ready ready this should turn
into ice
oh my gosh
are you kidding me how's that possible
hey teach me how you do that that is
crazy
that is how you turn more entice guys
magic that was also like Photoshop
editing I don't know how you live like
as though you know how a slushie is
coming out backwards so since I did I
thought long I should try the last on
guys whoa it's literally colder than
freezing please no please don't put any
pressure on that oh shoot
hi you know what guys I think the truth
no no no no no we're going to do round
two we have enough time for round two
today guys so since today we did the
instant war two high street guys I wanna
show you how dumb my sister's again
English so the couple days ago is like a
week ago a CIA released camera home I
put some ice rapid of war balls in the
fridge and I told her y'all just take
them out for me record with this thing
and just smack it yeah I know the thing
is in the video it worked
they're gonna see why I called you dumb
okay three two one watch this she
started with the lens on like it's a
black screen okay guys so my brother
just asked me to take a water bottle out
of the fridge that he's left and smash
it so let's see what watch the movable
toward us this is the water bottle as
you can see watch this oh boy
I'm very confused asking me to do so no
it's gonna be disappointed guys he said
I'm just like this I'm supposed to
freeze a branding but is it frozen
I thought the water I'm gonna call it
bad guys are there you go yeah the water
ice was also turned in by killing as the
remains yeah guys the whole thing you
start freezing crews on camera you
didn't realize that she was a camera you
can't look at what the reaction is so I
went from water to ice I just think I
saw its eyes but let me give me back
your st. working guys or what you gonna
get the water is moving you could hear
it turn to ice play what happened it's
like in the cameras oh yeah very
confusion wants me to do what we smoke
you you show me this we need mommy to
watch this video
freeze apparently reason I'm crying I'm
done we're gonna do round two to redeem
ourselves then but now you know how it
works
no more BS open it open it oh I'm
what the hell was that did it freeze in
your hand let me try it if I can do I
already know Oh yo I just did my makeup
and you just need to do that
I'll make serious I already go as far
now it's my turn and already lost to my
daughter I'm doing a lot I lost you
so my brother decided we should do this
with with the what about a board of my I
thought big nice and cool if we had at
our growing on top of that so let's do
this oh this is the funniest thing I've
ever done in my life
stop yo I don't know what you're talking
about
quick quick just for
oh damn it's like jelly you can sculpt
with this easily let's do that I'm gonna
ha I'm gonna hold an ice cube in my
mouth and you pour onto me any guys
there you go that was the instant
freezing war magic trick it worked out
you guys saw here Oh try a home to be
honest I'm thinking you know my palace
if we can hit twenty to twenty twenty
thousand likes I thought and hear me out
guys why not try it with this why not
try it with this imagine doing that we
can we can if we empty everything twenty
thousand likes and your boy is gonna try
it guys it's gonna be crazy
you can if we empty out the shelves
naina you can bro that's easy
thirty thousand like something to it
ever is I think I'll be ridiculous
that's that's it for today we're gonna
continue the rest of the vlog normally
guys but that is an idea I've had in my
head and I hope nobody steals it alright
back to cleaning guys I guess I did mess
up the place again but I really clean up
and head out that was definitely worth
it you know I want to give a huge shout
out to saw my fans so I just released a
video guys the one that says my first
Rolex are you see this video guys I
released it a minute ago literally a
minute it's two minutes past 9:00 the
videos got a thousand views okay and
this guy amazing video mole your vlogs
are really great inspiration always very
positive and this guy
like they came out less than min ago how
the hell do you know if you know you
know check it out boys we just made it
over to the Royal Hotel yep you heard
right check this place out oh oh this
place looks so so cool by the way I
think it's actually called the palace or
something
especially ridiculously cool mommy mo
was here ages ago used to be palace Wow
look at that entrance boys this place is
gorgeous so the thing is guys the reason
they actually cool this place the palace
my mom just told me this don't take it
from me she told me but apparently used
to actually be like the king's palace
over here so did you know that mommy
told me this was gonna be a palace fella
yeah it looks really really gorgeous
anyways we're entering pretty cool
chandeliers over here awesome awesome
stuff where do we go I've actually I
finished my first time over here so
let's go check it out oh my god guys
look at that they've got one of these
like olden time do it hit it let's see
if you can make some noise oh my god so
we just came to eat and somebody's put
down a Pokemon trap over here so check
it out on my phone there's like a bunch
of Pokemon over here we got another one
this is a Kabuto let's see if I get it
hey I've actually never had this one
your boy discovered a Kabuto oh my god
guys so you know what my mom said that
this place used to be a palace she was
not joking a look at the whole way
that is ridiculous this is like straight
out of the Disney movie this literally
looks straight out of a Disney movie now
I wish you guys can see it just I'm
singing in real life like it is
absolutely gorgeous this is the private
rooms again I think this is the hotel
rooms because it looks pretty fancy I'm
gonna head back knocks there's somebody
behind us or catch us there so change of
plans we decided to just quickly hop
into the head of air I saw a lot of
people behind me I panicked I panicked
look at the swimming pool guys wow wow
that is amazing I love it
I absolutely love it so you didn't know
over here in the bathrooms they have
like a load of luxury body lotions and
stuff so I'm guessing it's meant for
people like me so check it out you just
you just take one of each I mean it
doesn't hurt anybody maybe I can maybe
two of the mouthwash guys because you
know my breath stink so there you go
guys all right let's go
I got a mold boys I got a mole you
actually came out and I took it for now
we are heading out whoa awesome day over
here
I actually need to take these things out
of my pocket I think they're starting to
leak kill your help element I think
these are starting to leave for you know
they're gonna look at me like this guy
robbed it look at this guys don't do
that in front of the hotel people know
it yeah like staring at me guys alright
it's let's evacuate let's evacuate the
city
sorry hotel people I just I just wanted
look I don't even gave her one you took
out the entire to the chase as
as guys I'm gonna wrap up today's lucky
I hope you enjoyed that awesome crazy
water trick huge thumbs up on the video
if you want us to try the big war thing
I think it would take a lot of time to
figure out how long it takes to freeze
that thing we're gonna fit that do you
think it's three hours as well for that
say normal or is it different I don't
know there's more freeze at the same
time like I actually have no idea
anyways smashed light butter if you want
us to try out and I'll try my best to do
it if it works for you for now stay
awesome I love you will not catch you
guys tomorrow Yolo Yolo good
