hello mommy yo yo everyone good morning
welcome to another vlog rise and shine
it's actually really early right now the
reason I'm awake it's finally that day
and you guys are probably like what demo
okay so you guys know I've been waiting
for the new g7x camera to come out for
the past two months and after pestering
the Canon store again and again it's
finally out today says they're like your
mole it's out come get yours just just
leave us alone let's go
thank you boy so check it out I just
made it into the Canon store and they
did get the camera but yeah before I go
get the camera guys check out these
lenses they have they're absolutely
massive like look at the size of this
box guys it is huge
this is the camera we finally got it we
finally got it okay so we just made a
home guys as you can see I still got my
tea this thing is so good but I actually
got a box that just arrived to our house
guys and it is literally empty that's
what's really confusing like I'm not
sure how or what or what's going on it's
like the lightest thing I've ever
received let's open the box guys see
what it is okay we literally just got
bubble wrap and a letter guys in a huge
box this size oh god oh my god all right
so the letter says guys hi Bo my name is
Bruno sorry for the large box I just
wanted to make sure you get this message
he set the Box just so I would read this
message he's actually sending an idea a
business idea for star up here guys Fox
was unnecessary come on one box for one
paper the guy spent 300 dollars sending
me this one letter in that box god yeah
yeah that is a lot of money to send them
there appreciate it I will definitely
Ford this message and that is the really
big box we got today I was like I was
sure it was empty
okay so let me go ahead and unbox my new
camera for you guys just to show you
what it is this is it the g7x market I
actually bought two of them and I'm
actually going to be doing a giveaway
so you guys want to win a new logging
camera all you have to do is subscribe
and leave a comment anything funny or
cool nothing no thing no bad comments
will be accepted so if I do get like
something swearing I have to skip to the
next one right so let's use this knife
okay there you go
comes with a free 16 gigabyte memory
card which I never actually use so yeah
this stuff is always useless guys so we
can check that to the side and quote it
actually looks very identical to the one
I have right now but it's a little bit
different so Wow okay it does this bendy
thing all right pretty cool so basically
guys I just ran out look at what
happened so bobbles came and he was
about to fight with Toby look look guys
look at this I'm trying to stop them
from fighting and then they're chasing
off oh my god I'm trying to stop the
cat's guys and eventually here Oh what
happened to the power
Oh what the hell's somebody's hacking it
somebody's hacking our CCTV it went
black and white oh look at me I was
swinging the hose look at that guys I'm
trying to make him come back inside and
that is how you fight a cat draw my cat
drama is a lot guys I guess is that I'm
going to be doing part two to the
sibling shopping channels the last time
you saw my sister buying me clothes and
you guys hit 51 thousand likes on that
video to say I should do a brother by
sister outfit so today is that day I'm
gonna go grab some money off my sister
to go buy her clothes seems fair let's
go let's go get some money I think she's
shaving
ah hey hey hey hey
a very what you like a shaving video I
heard like a shh-shh I thought you were
shaving down I was like boy why is that
kid anyways today we're doing part two
of the shopping challenge so I need a
thousand herbs from youth to go buy a
coat huh yeah no wouldn't what no I gave
you my money it was a friend why the
hell am I gonna buy you clothes that
wouldn't even be a challenge anymore I'm
sure you have money she's gonna think
you don't money but uh tell us Han fine
guys anyways let's go to this let's go
OOP okay so we just made over to the
moon guys you have one hour to do this
so we have to hurry up and be quick
let's go
the first or our she's going to go in is
Versace let's see if I can go in there
find anything my sister psych you got
you guys don't mind for such and get the
hell outta here okay store number one
guys let's look around okay person found
pretty nice I'm already in this this is
a nice jacket no we should get this yeah
so she can sweat I don't care ok that is
a bit too expensive for the budget guys
we'll leave it right there so the first
thing I recommend it to my mom is this
t-shirt type thing I think Lana will
actually like this so I don't know what
our size is you can do that part so we
found her size but it's dirty no no
first store we found one thing didn't
fit we're going to change guys we will
own the time that Hanna budget so you
have to be bossed and find cheap stuff
I think this looks nice but my sister
doesn't like this either check your
shirt so see me being a good brother I
know that stuff where let of ten minutes
get a little display should have
something on it guys bad sign their
doors closing right now okay we have to
currently try and say the ones are open
so I find if you manage to find your two
pieces in this store I go to these blue
jeans I get in it pretty nicely
okay I know there's a hole inside it my
sister's gonna rip her jeans anyway so
she might as well get it from the
beginning like this because it's a style
right then secondly and secondly I think
this is nice yeah I don't know those are
so smooth once you like put it across
yourself I don't even know that's gonna
fit her but these are two pieces we go
let's go and now find her a hat shoes I
don't know jewelry let's go buy Rolex
with the rest of the money
purchase number one guys I got the money
here I think it's about like 300 or so
we still have like six hundred and
something thank you
alright guys so that's how much we have
left for the challenge you ready let's
do this okay
first door that we have a success in
guys let's go and try another story okay
guys my camera woman is slacking today
she just she don't move like Oh anyway I
was trying to find myself my sister like
a nice you know like either Lambo
Ferrari like car hat but now that I
think about it I like like camo type
colored hats do you don't think as we go
get alert no the colors doesn't like it
but I think it looks nice
no she doesn't like oh oh she has to
like purple
she loved her car it's just perfect let
me know do you think this is a good
purchase I think it's good it's probably
my sister loves purple
let's get it let's get it see how much
it is are you kidding no way in hell I'm
like guys this cost more than the
t-shirt and the jeans we just bought hi
come on my buddy oh oh okay okay it's on
sale we're getting it we're getting its
enough
everything is fine BB with nice yeah
honestly no yeah that's nice believe it
maybe she doesn't like it
oh okay not too expensive whoa we are
out huh oh my god guys so I just came to
take my change which I got in the other
store out my pocket and I realized
there's no money look at the four guys
oh my money fell on the floor are we
lucky we found it oh we got really
hungry I had to cut me some food I'm
just weighing my burger and my milkshake
and then if the store was still open we
can go shopping but I doubt it
all right time to get my food guys let's
go make such an odd noise it used to be
more silent hey thank you yeah thank you
so much here's my burger with extra
juice you guys oh by the way do you guys
remember this is my first car my first
card I had in London this exact car this
brings like so many memories guys oh hi
what a success
oh somebody came towards a second
yeah get out get out get out I think
they make sure you fill up something to
go attack all right cameras gonna fool
guys whoa - let's head out this place
guys oh come on please don't make me pay
for parking
I love you I love you yes yeah look at
that guys know what your time don't need
a gun to get respect up on the screen
under the Sun about the Sun will pop the
cover to feed himself and family so we
finally made it home let's go see how
Lana likes your clothes let's see how
they fare all right so here we are back
in action guys
big go for like three hours she hasn't
moved the sports goods we bought you a
hat having bought you some clothes I
didn't spend a dollar
oh you poor boy ha oh that's so cool
thank you so much wait how much did you
spend 300 so there are the clothes as
you can see it's time to Lana to try
them on and let's see who did the bad
job I think I did let's try let's see
how she turns out what's going on I
think we got all the sizes wrong guys
yeah come out no I want to see please I
want to see I
I think you look good at all of that put
it down look come out guys I you that
looks better than how you dress that is
actually so so nice
high-five mummy high-five we dressed our
nicely yes it does
what is this turd for I thought you
wanted to do well where the hell is the
before to do the hall anyways as I was
saying guys there you go that is Lana's
new look she even has like a new
hairstyle now the look let us know is
this is this good I think this hairstyle
suits you leave the like button if you
want Lana to do her hair like this at
home yes but oh yes look at him
sometimes I just find him and he's like
just bawling out of control like can I
have some can I just check nice Boris on
all right thanks bud thanks but I can
keep distracting you distracting him yes
yes yes we got it guys you see that what
the hell I think it's my hair yo he's
he's so shocked recognize me look at
this oh no doesn't even know who she is
mom it's me wow he's got big teeth have
you see just tooth look at that my gosh
humongous long this thing is powerful
he's the bread like he's licking your
nose almost uh even he's like yeah I'm
sure law if you don't know this but
today's video is my 500th video on this
channel and that is absolutely
ridiculous that you guys have been with
me through so much in my life guys
actually why I'm doing the camera your
way today because it's just really
really insane to me how we're family
like you guys know me I don't really
know you guys but it's just like this
make sure we have why no you guys from
the comment section and a lot of you are
ruthless but I think we have a love-hate
relationship it's all love it's all love
but yeah guys I just want to say I
appreciate every single one of you
let's keep grinding 2016 I've said it's
going to be our year and 2017 will also
be our year video guys stay awesome I
love you all another 500 vlogs to come
we doing this let's go I'll see you guys
in 2017
Yolo bye
