oh my gosh are you kidding me that's why
you cover up a failed attempt at a
Cooking Channel it's thought that count
nice would you not eat that now
yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so today is actually
going to be a pretty awesome day the
first stop we're going to is the post
office I'm gonna pick up a couple of
your packages I haven't been there for a
long time so I'm excited to see what I
get and then the rest of the day is
gonna be pretty awesome - it's been a
long time since I've actually come here
over to the PIO box guys let's go inside
and see what we got looks so weird oh my
god I'm so excited guys oh oh I as a
cover the pieces squished in here oh
look at that if you guys don't know why
we always separate the slips these are
things I've been sent by like
first-class delivery so we have to go
and give the slips in and sign for them
so yeah so it seems like all of the
slips we got actually did turn out to be
big boxes guys check it out that is
that's when you could a lot of bad love
man I appreciate it we love you guys so
much mommy Mosel still got full hands of
packages Oh guys so let's put these in
the boot and go and okay I don't want to
drop this it's rolling help everybody oh
oh my God look at that guy's hey you
guys know what is karaoke time there's
been no drinks in the knowledge area all
the buck moon all about the most words
to the bird I never take version know
what let's move on to something a bit
more relaxing
everybody sometimes you know what else
can we do feelings oh okay today we're
actually buying a cabinet for this so
you're probably wondering how can you
buy a cabinet for a cabinet guys okay
basically that's also weird when you
open this we've emptied this whole thing
out and I want to get like a cabinet
that has shelves so I can kind of make
this the start to my sneaker collection
because as I said last time I looked for
plastic boxes but we came to the
decision I think a cabinet mean I said
secondly I thought I'd show you this
because I don't think I've shown you it
before so you guys know the cover that
the Lamborghini has the cover has its
own cover heavy it comes in this bag so
I thought I'd show you because the
legend really really dope and if you're
there Shino covers because like $1500
just for a cover which is like crazy
expensive by guess it does fit the car
and it's made out it's like really cool
reflective material if you check it out
wait look in there guys you guys have
seen it before look at that it's like
some weird like material war goes off it
and everything like that but yeah that
is what that is if you guys were
wondering why is there some Lamborghini
rucksack in your cabinet just put this
back and let's go find ourselves a
cabinet for the cabinet yeah I'm intense
okay so so far this is what we found
guys I thought this is pretty cool it's
like a huge shoe cabinet as you can see
and at the top it actually rolls down
that part rolls down and it covers the
shoes so that's nice right
you know I just want to see if these fit
guys okay I'm gonna take it off and see
if actually fits because it seems like
it's quite small no this is the things
we do guys just to make sure that our
shoe steak
okay yeah okay so because my mom wants
another cabinet for my light laptop and
stuff guys right she's also gonna get
that one you see up there look at this
this is like a Roman machine and start
like this smoke coming out and it smells
nice they look at it it looked like
those are you guys can see that's pretty
dope anyways boys got some cool stuff
they still have the lion which I bought
we need to start using this at home a
little bit more I look at my luck guys
as soon as I buy it it goes on sale like
come on really bruh
really let's put these in the car guys
and go home I think I've heard something
in there
all right
whoa you finally made it home guys let's
go organize our life we've got the
cabinet's we got everything that's how
it turns out like this is a lot of
pieces to it
Wow okay so it just looks like it's
about 50 metal shoes and a piece of
cloth guys let's get started this
cabinet is going to take longer to like
pull some when a boss wrote it for you
guys
so enjoy my face layer number one isn't
finished guys it's basically this
repeated over and over again and
connected to each other let's go
about 3/4 and so more guys as you can
see
honestly this is so much work oh my god
by the way look at this this is like an
illusion oh that looks so cool and yeah
I'm already tired doing this Wow about
half an hour there we are now finally
done with building the cabinet guys now
all we need to do is put on the last
couple of pieces oh no don't tell me we
had to put this on while making it no no
oh here we had to put this through I
didn't read the menu
oh okay so as you can see it actually
wasn't as hard as I thought guys all we
have to do is take out half of it and
now voila there you go this is actually
taking us about an hour to make guys no
joke
okay I'm gonna go finish it up so we can
put my shoes in it once and for all and
there you go guys that is my brand new
cabinet for my shoes and even has like a
little thing to put over them so people
don't look at them it's been a little
bit of a change of plan guys
we were gonna put my shoes in this
cabinet but we just realized it doesn't
fit it doesn't fit in the cap in this so
we're going to take this upstairs and
yeah put it in my room I guess do your
research kids do your research okay so
are you guys ready to see my new shoot
cabin again excuse the mess on my bed we
had to empty out everything in the
cabinet but there you go so this is now
going to be Moe's new sneaker collection
and as you can see we've got a lot of
shoes to put in there okay I'm just
gonna put them in there with the box for
now guys just so you can see how many I
can fit in there let's see I've actually
not even looked at these shoes for so
long oh look at that they're so fresh
guys they're so fresh oh boy oh hi boys
don't forget these ones don't forget
these ones if you guys remember these
are the gold-plated shoes oh let's just
take a nice look at them
oh okay these are so fresh guys you know
don't even understand how brand new
these are I can ice put this back in the
box we're bringing them out today we're
putting them right at the top okay
this box does not fit anyway guys shut
down all of that this box cannot go in
there mommy this box is literally
massive it kind of fits I mean line up
line up now we have to clean this up
this is something that guys go through
you know because you don't use your
closet as much as ladies they just chop
all their rubbish in your closet like
these are not even mine guys like
look like I wear this and how does it
look like this is - in my room you know
what's happened this is Marika Daniel
this is my grandma's guys because that
need it here obviously the best place to
put it in is my room okay anyways yeah
guys there's my new cabinet and my shoes
I'm gonna fill it up I don't even I
don't even have much space to fill it up
now that I say it I only have two guys
only two spaces so yeah um we're not
going to be buying many shoes maybe okay
so I'm gonna do something that away the
whole day to do so you guys know
anything about me on this challenge you
know that water ballon is one of my
favorite fruits ever yeah hey it's a
free right it's not a vegetable fruit
today I thought I'd do something really
cool so see the couple of videos online
of people making jello filled warm
enough so I've got a couple of packs of
gel over here in different colors and
today I'm gonna give it a shot guys
let's do this as you can see guys I know
a lovely helper over here mummy mo she's
gonna be helping me the professional
chef in the house you know I just talked
to the camera she she does everything so
yeah let's do this
so we're just gonna slice this more
about in and off so we can start
emptying out and yeah it's really basic
guys all you do is empty the water
Bennett I'm filling with jello
do not cut my hand this is so much ski
alright and as you can see guys tada
there you have your watermelon I have to
admit this looks juicy Oh
so all you want to do now guys is you
will take out all of the war melon from
the war melon okay wait what do you call
the inside okay you want to take all
that red stuff out okay out of the more
better and then that is kind of gonna be
where you start doing everything so as
you can see we've cut it up and what
we're gonna do is just put it out save
it for later guys don't don't waste warm
as indicate when you want to do this
keep it all to the side for later and
you just want to empty out for making
the jello so your warm and it should
start to look something like this after
you've emptied out now just take your
regular spoon guys
and you want to fully empty it so you
don't see any red because we ain't about
that on perfection life okay so so what
you want to do is just take your spoon
guys and just take off as much warm
energy can and then I'll show you how it
looks like in my ten minutes k that is
the last bit of red in there I mean it
doesn't need to be perfect but this is
what you call nice and clean so now
we're ready to make our little jello
warm n on so what we're gonna do is I'm
actually gonna do mine multicolored so
you guys can go for a plain red jello
more mellow but not me okay so what are
you gonna do is I want four different
colors I'm gonna start with red at the
bottom then I'm gonna put some orange
then I'm gonna put some green on there
and then I'm gonna put some blue okay
and before you say the same blue guys I
couldn't find any blue jello so I bought
blue colored I'm just gonna put that in
there probably not very good for you but
we're just doing this for this video
okay now you just want to add your
boiling water oh look at that oh boy oh
boy
that is your base so this is the green
one that's what's up I'm monk I know you
bought scissors but a real man don't
need scissors guys know I don't read
sidered that's what's up guys see no
scissors were involved okay whoa
Oh Mike this doesn't even look green
this is white what what let's see how it
changes color when you put the war in
oh that looks awesome
jello number three let's see how the
orange one looks like if this one is
white as well I don't even know what to
say guys so let's see what Y is
everything except the red jello white
Wow
we got the orange guys we got the red we
got the green there's only one color
missing right now that's the blue so
let's go ahead and try and make blue
jello with some food coloring
oh oh oh nice yellow here goes nothing
I'm gonna add this blue food coloring
into here and let's see how it turns out
you ready whoa I'm nervous guys oh that
looks so cool oh my god black that just
absorbed itself oh I didn't know I
expected to instantly get that much
color guys so this all you want to do
guys you want to put the red jello in
the more melon let it completely freeze
up again just the red once it's frozen
you want to put the orange one in let it
completely freeze up green freeze and
then blue freeze and that way the colors
don't mix okay cuz you don't want them
to mix you guys know what I mean already
I'm you guys smart enough to figure out
so yeah that's it is so this is our red
jello what you want to do is pour it in
to there and now you put it in the
freezer to freeze like that okay six and
a half hours later now we're gonna add
the second layer which is the green
jello a whole thing it starts just being
layers on top of each other I don't want
it to like mix the colors you know what
that looks good I don't think it's
mixing I'm not sure let's pop this back
into the fridge guys to let it freeze
again once we cut this it's actually
going to turn out really really cool
3:28
and don't while we're are three layers
in this and it is all looking good so
far guys so as you can see we've got the
orange the green and the yellow guys I
mean wait what did I say
I mean the orange the green and red and
now it's time to put in the final layer
we're gonna pour around and this is the
last layer because I oh my god that
looks so weird that looks so weird in
the gutter
and you're so gorgeous that color took
this weirdly blue I don't eat quite
quite and then talked coke boys
eventually alright guys so enough
further ado let's get straight into this
more better we waited hours and hours to
let this freeze up so we're going to cut
this beast open if you can see that that
is jello in there so we're going to take
this put it on top and then flip it over
should we do it so I just quit me flip
it oh okay I already think this is
messed up I already think this is
already messed up okay without further
adue shots go straight at it careful
like seven once first okay this looks
like Oh what at least we got the outline
color idea so that is what the warm and
shit look like guys as you can see we've
got different colors but the general is
it's better to flip it guys hold on whoa
okay okay okay okay
yeah all right we got this screen we got
this all it work it work so check it out
guys that is our warm Ellen jello as you
can see occasion but only bread out of
them I was trying to be artistic with
you guys but there you go
that is our general action taste so nice
this is lurid why are you eating it like
that is so good if this is what the
color is supposed to turn out guys
oh it's a rainbow it's a rainbow color
thing oh my gosh are you kidding me oh
there's jela everywhere I think you need
to add a little bit of gelatin powder to
make the general Leone gelatine powder
changes I think there's a pink jelly
baby yeah overall it's a good little
poori snack I mean pears it's nice it's
tasty it's fruity I mean who cares that
we didn't do it properly it's about the
thought that that's how you cover up a
failed attempt at a Cooking Channel it's
a thought that counts nice would you not
eat that no tell me that there's not
only good guys you know what it would
have looked good it was just red but now
that's the move looks I hope you guys
have enjoyed cooking with more it didn't
turn out too bad it just the overall
output wasn't what I thought it'd be on
give it I give it a six out of ten
so Mike on five strong five areas cash
got sore for another epic vote
tomorrow's log is actually gonna be one
of the craziest vlogs I ever do so yeah
catch you guys some more stay awesome I
love you all
Yolo Yolo whoo
