yo everyone good morning how you doing
wrap her go in the building so I'm
sliding out with the MV jewelry let me
show you guys something adorable so key
our cat is sleeping in my mum's room and
she is dead asleep okay check this out
oh god what are you doing is that even
comfortable guys look at how she's
asleep
she's like passed out on her back oh my
god the thing is she's even awake that's
the weirder part so today I really feel
like wearing a hat guys but I want you
guys to tell me what hat you think suits
me best I'm gonna try on a couple of my
hats as you can see I've got a lot and
most of them are from you guys so I
appreciate that personally my favorite
hat like I always wear this it's the
Ferrari huh this black one that I have I
think it suits me best
but you guys be the judge jacket this is
number two this is number three number
four number five anyways I'm gonna stick
to this hat for today guys I don't know
this one just makes me look friendly I
think so check it out so too few awesome
guys came by Matt and Tom went out what
up hello guys and basically they were
just unlike a whole round trip around
the world and they actually brought me
back like a couple pieces of currency
from everywhere which is free awesome
why should she show you one really cool
coin they have so we got the Hong Kong
this is Hong Kong yeah Hong Kong dollar
wow guys if you look at the shape of
that that's like did you ever use like a
pay machine over there
no did this work like I want to know how
this goes in like does it make a weird
noise a vending machine
yeah just no not really you don't use it
all right eh guys if you live in Hong
Kong let us know does this stuff work in
a vending machine or does it get stuck
because it's super bendy and it is also
these guys coming by and you already
know what ya'll know love all right
Thank You Man appreciate it nice I guess
I need to have a little bit of a chat
with you guys I want to explain some
things that are going on so you guys
know that I've applied for a car the
Ford GT I've already made like two
videos about it explaining what's going
on and I
she sent them an email today all I offer
was kind of just like a reply I want to
see if I got it or if it's a definite no
and the reason is I actually really want
to buy a new car guys like I I just want
to have a new like super car now the
Mustang was good and everything but I
don't think it's like supercar status so
today what I'm actually gonna do is I'm
gonna go around and look in the
showrooms now there's two cars I have on
my mind right now one of them of course
you guys knows the Nissan GTR I really
love that car but secondly also a45 be
my sister honestly doesn't like it she's
like why do you want a Ferrari for five
eight but I kind of like you I like the
convertible one cuz it's a hardtop and
everything so today I'm going to look
around and the reason is once I do get
my reply for the Ford GT if it's a yes
then I can't buy a car because obviously
I need to save my money for that car
when it comes but if it's a no I really
want to have a new car this winter I
just want to have a new car freshen up
the car has been good and all but yeah
right now as I said let's go look around
and maybe you can find my first supercar
so check it out I just made it over to
this showroom now most assurance are
closed but here was open and they have
some amazing amazing cars obviously you
can see a couple of them over here an
Aventador a rolls-royce but the lineup
I'm about to show you will blow your
mind away not one not two three Porsche
911s
this is one of the most ridiculous
lineups I've ever seen guys look at
these Wow these cars are so extremely
rare and amazing guys are one of my
favorite cars ever obviously this is not
in the price range I'm looking for guys
but I thought I had to show you them
anyway as I said all of these are brand
new so let's go check out the interior
on these beasts as you can see oh my God
look at that guy's okay that this car is
so fresh like it is so fresh nobody like
this has had no kilometers on it it's
never been driven or anything that is at
solutely crazy that you never see three
nine one eight guys like it's just
something it's hard enough to see one of
these on the road let alone three next
to each other which are brand-new so
okay you know what I mean they don't
have any GTRs or anything but they've
got much more special things so let's
just go look around look at that this
looks like a Back to the Future type car
guys Wow
look at the interior on this pretty cool
pretty cool but also one thing I just
found out they've got a one-off one
custom made rolls-royce and obviously
you can't find this anywhere else in the
world which is this beast look at it oh
my god and the thing is normally with a
rolls-royce you have RR on the back but
you have a horse on this anyways the
cars here just getting me way too
excited guys for now let's head out of
here the thing is most other stores are
closed so I would go look around
but they're all in because I saw this
one was open and as you saw man the cars
Oh
so check this out guys we came into this
food store they had next to the car
showroom and I've never been here this
whole place sells only organic food only
organic food which is crazy like organic
cereal organic pizza organic honey like
even organic chocolate I mean come on
this is probably nothing prepared to
Nutella but this is so strange some of
this stuff I'm not even sure is supposed
to be organic guys like they've got
organic chopsticks like what what are
organic chopsticks
okay so check it out with slot places I
came over to my friend's showroom and
this new car like this luxury Lexus and
check out what it can gaze on this thing
like completely flattens out into a bed
guy so look at the front seat check out
the headrest right there in the front it
goes up and then it kind of bends
downwards that is some crazy and now you
have like your own bed look at me
my foot space is so much just in case
you guys didn't know what the five four
five eight that I wanted was this is
what it is so this is pretty much
exactly what I want guys like a
convertible one and the great part about
the four five eight converter was this
number one like I'm not sure you've seen
some sports cars the convert was you
have to put the roof on which is not too
much of a problem here because it's not
like it rains too much but this has got
an automatic roof and even better while
of its metal like it's a hardtop like
but the only thing is it is only a two C
R so it's gonna be like a full full
sports car whereas the GTR you can fit
four so I'm just looking around at this
moment but I love the interior just guys
tell me this does not look amazing let's
go inside sit kind of feel it out guys I
mean this is I there you go I'm learning
how to use this car Wow Wow I love the
interior on this beast guys so as you
can see the interior on this beast is
absolutely amazing and it just looks so
so cool like I love this car so much you
guys don't even realize but it's quite
hard to get out of to be honest like
these cars are really really low just
just like the Lamborghini but I thought
I'd show you anyways just to tell you I
am looking around for I mean the key on
this thing also looks really cool like
this key I've seen you on Instagram so
much like people take photos with it but
there you go that's another one of the
options guys but probably I'm just
telling you straight up the probable car
that I will go for is the GTR but I mean
the four five eighths also look amazing
alright well that's a good little girl
looking around guys to be honest I did
get to see quite a bit even though I
forgot it's a Friday and the showrooms
closed early by going to see two
showrooms which is pretty cool cool cool
so who knows it actually might be sooner
than possible that I get one I don't
know I didn't know today is such a busy
day guys it's a Friday everybody's out
oh this car looks so clean it is one
hell of a car though look at that Oh
this car is clean okay so I actually
found a pretty cool hot water yeah let's
try this guys and see how it looks like
this is so good on me pick up supreme
face of being fake simply brother make
supreme guys Mexican but it doesn't say
supreme on you know it looks like it so
we're actually gonna head off home
because I want to open a couple of your
packages whoa all right boy so now that
I've actually picked out a couple of
pieces of mail that you guys have sent
into open on the vlog and I mean this
one does say please put it in the blog
so without further ado let's get started
and see what's up hi okay let's see what
this is guys so oh my god oh oh my god
guys so uncle o card this is like a huge
card thanks for being the best youtuber
that is so so cool guys Wow alright
let's open it together tada
my name is is on I'm ten years old I
have a youtube channel called the beach
to please subscribe I'll definitely
check it out my man hope to meet you in
August oh okay I'm sorry I think I
opened this event too late guys that
that is crazy so I'm guessing he was in
Dubai but that is absolutely crazy
and we have something here what is this
he also sent me every you cane you came
he sent me every UK coin so we've got
the two pound coin over here the one
pound
we got everything so much love my man
I'm sorry I didn't open this on time he
was here in August by me
you're on the blog so shout out to my
boy is on from UK for sending the head
back at number two guys
what this is there's actually a couple
of interesting things in here this is
all the way from Indonesia you got a
couple of key chains over here that's
dope
I used to collect keychains I had a
couple from Singapore when we went over
there well let's see what's in the
packet so you printed out my logo and he
said he also has a gaming channel
inspired by my channel which is this is
that say it iti don't know is it
supposed to be like a a wink face like a
you know like a little wink face but
let's read the message he actually sent
a photo of himself which is pretty cool
er this is what you cool dedication guys
he looks like he's gonna be a world
leader one day back in number three guys
let's see what we have here this is more
like a package this is from the
Philippines I'm gonna use this to open
it up because it is actually really easy
to open stuff with this ah all right
what do we have here this seems like
it's been very very well packaged up I
don't even know what this is oh okay
so they sent me and Lana a comic book
guys oh alright guys so this is from
Philippines from Jared and he actually
wrote this comic I was wondering what
this is I was trying to figure out I was
like what superhero is it because I
couldn't figure it out but he actually
wrote this and check it out - MO and
then this one - Lana to wrap up the belt
I'm going to open this which is our
fourth packet for today so let's see
what it is guys this is massive so first
things first we have a letter okay - la
da oh oh okay la la la no we need you
this is crazy guys ah this is crazy
what's in this package
hi so what actually makes this really
crazy guys some of you guys and I'm
gonna say the name because that is what
they write on the lair
that go by the name of UK fans wait UK
fans yes so this is their third time
sending something in guys last time they
sent mummy molana' two dresses size six
and a size eight but what's even crazier
is they've gone and bought the same
dress in size ten because they thought
maybe they thought maybe with a fit you
guys so that is honestly crazy man
they bought three of the same dress
no they send you six and an eight and
now they sent me the same dress
apparently let's see let's see
yet Wow Oh honestly like that is guys
Wow
you guys are so sweet you don't have to
do that okay like I know you're worried
about the size well believe me even if
it didn't fit I would still be happy
like just a thought that killed anyways
that is the mini real time I hope you
guys enjoyed it bye Zoe I never showed
Lana look at this we got our own little
card
are you kidding like a little collage
and then on the back it says young viola
check that out awesome I'm gonna be
straight out honest with you guys I
stink right now okay just just being
honest I'm gonna go take a shower
scrub-a-dub-dub and I'll catch you guys
after to wrap up the vlog I actually
have a really cool toy I want to show
you guys right so let me go take a
shower I will get to that this is like
so that's crazy
okay so just in case you guys are
wondering what I bought from outside I
Pro diva one of the coolest toys I've
ever heard about toilet gold I have
never seen anything tile --it look at
the picture on the box the guy is taking
a number two and playing no but what I
was selling point is this
oh geez what's on it what it includes
okay it's a new list of stuff and
there's something else on it I do not
disturb door hanger wow are you kidding
me yeah so people don't knock while I'm
playing golf
I need that focus you don't take so us
the hey guys I'm not watching
youtube videos did you buy and this
we're gonna make it even now now I wanna
play golf while I have my YouTube video
up I don't donated ask do not do not
disturb let's not blow this I guys you
know what we have to use this in action
let's put this in the guest bathroom
downstairs
guests can play do not disturb golf game
in process so my brother I attempted to
put this in the guest bathroom so let's
open this real while to plasti someone
even proper golf balls to kill bounce
what is this I don't think you need a
real golf balls and above for mommy
let's go into the guest walton guys :
gave it to seat down they put the seat
down
so I'm guessing there's no longer a need
for this they miss your smokin alright
and now have the upgraded Matt oh wow oh
yeah it does go around the toilet bro
are you done John me oh my goodness
as you can see here alone here's the
station where it all goes down are you
serious I mean hey this is what goes on
the door do not disturb so they go which
make sure don't come on a game in
progress potty putter okay so as you can
see guys this is the hole pretty good
holy one and now this is where the big
business happens wait oh wait what what
there is this you need to turn it I
think you need to turn all it adjusts
the height huh oh okay then bring a bull
I forgot my balls outside
number two incoming can I try you want
to try okay here you go this is just me
but don't ever want a nugget or entity
like if I actually went and took a dump
and was holding this would you feel
comfortable holding this after me but it
is amazing unhygenic knife oh my god the
poop Olympics right here guys uh you
suck it came out the toilet oh my god
slime yes yeah yeah just dope that's
dope do not you know it was pretty cheap
it was also pretty cheap like oh like
ten dollars guys I mean you can't beat
that deal ten dollars I get to take my
poop I get to play golf I get to start
focusing guys don't forget the key to
success the key to success is have a
focused mind and golf is one of those
sports that lets you focus okay there
you go
well our guests now have free golf you
guys you probably go out there pay $200
to play golf like weekly membership fees
nothing and then than that not in the
Moloch household come to my house you
get a free game of golf everyday free
game of golf who can beat that offer
guys who can beat that offering our boys
I'm gonna wrap up today's lucky it's
getting a little bit late and I need to
go catch some sleep I just want to say
tomorrow's vlog could be a very special
vlog okay so stay tuned for that and
also please comment down below what your
thoughts are on my next car guys
hopefully the process doesn't take too
long I'm looking to get it within the
next month so that's just me being
honest with you guys as long as I don't
get accepted for the Ford GT because if
I do that kind of messes everything up I
mean it'll still be good amazing don't
get me wrong if I get accepted for that
car oh I'll still be very happy but yeah
anyways I'll catch you guys tomorrow
comment down below are you team Ferrari
team GTR or maybe maybe there's
something I'm missing out let me know
what
not get instead of those two cars that
you guys think would be even cooler but
yeah guys you catch you guys tomorrow Co
it down below and yeah if you enjoyed
today's video press the like button I
mean I don't really say that often but
let's try and hit 20k I mean I know we
can do that guys and one more thing I
hit 50k on the blog which I told my boy
Moe he has to change his profile picture
to the one he kind of looks retarded so
next time I see him we're gonna make him
change his profile picture because you
got smashed
50k likes on that anyway sketch guys to
war stay awesome I love you yelling oh
no bye woo
