rise and shine everybody good morning
Yale and welcome to another vlog so I
just woke up I'm going to be honest and
I was about to have my morning breakfast
which normally consists of some cereal
okay I just realized I actually bought
myself a cereal dispensed in the other
day and I was like why not let's do the
morning of boxing guys even though I
want to fall asleep right now
let's get straight into this and see how
this thing works
this was very cheap guys who's gonna be
honest that's why I would and yeah it's
not like two bowls all right so these
are the two containers that come inside
it guys
it's the morning I'm really tired but
they're supposed to just twist the
cereal out okay supposed to to be honest
it looks more like it's going to start
crushing it to me but who knows it might
work amazing Wow look at that morning a
book things ismo anyways let's get
started guys and see what we can do so
these are the bits okay I got that I got
that and then we have this okay guys why
the hell is this not fit I promise you
it's not because I'm asleep or anything
this just doesn't fit me it's not
fitting here it is not my fault in any
way please come back I broke you I just
broke you guys just done bit okay so I
just woke up to try and have cereal guys
and look what it's turned into we have a
knife and we have to cut it because the
plastic was made to be like this is why
gay guys for buying cheap stuff like
it's just never good
it just doesn't hit
finally finally guys I I got it to work
okay guys look at that it's mass okay
it's not liquid so it should be fine
now let's get off I'm surprised how did
he get to go in that is so cool right
that's nice we have the second side that
is that everything we have okay this is
where I think it's not going to work I
think doing a crush for the cereal like
it's got such a weird system at sea um
it's crushing it look at it from this
angle bad though it's coming down as
powder as well though so about a year
ago me and my sister made a video called
girl opening coconut and you guys
roasted us you roasted us saying we
couldn't do it properly so today we're
taking everything to the next level guys
we about to destroy a coconut so check
it out today we put two coconuts
we'll open them
is a nice and yes that's right we're
gonna try and break it up into this and
starve it open with this doesn't work
next thing we're going to use
spaceball backpack it open and hopefully
it should work but it's not gonna go and
use this bad boy here yes you heard me
it's an arrow you're gonna be shooting
up in the end if that doesn't work we
have two bad boys over here to drill all
ready to go round one guys we're gonna
put the coconut through the night and
hammer test let's do this so here goes
nothing whoa-oh
do you see that that eye she left a good
print in there oh my god
ready steady you doing some damage
you're doing some damage that thing
that's actually pretty good
in actually cracked are you seeing it
actually crushed that's pretty good
though pre fresh pre fresh oh oh yes
that one the knife worked I did not
expect that at all I did not expect that
oh and it's such a clean cut as well
straight down the middle
Oh we'd work up we need about ten at
this rate we're gonna try and baseball
bat the next one it's two three two one
how the hell did that happen
coconut break slippers three two one
this close from hitting my camera are
you guys all right there oh my gosh that
was so close I lead to the perfect Wow
okay let's see the damage now nothing
you did nothing to that with that hit
here comes the coconut damn nothing I
just scraped it not even oh no it kills
your enchanted my baseball bat how the
hell is it doing that is that what a
base was not supposed to guys are you
seeing this this is so I hit it good
though that means that means you smashed
it guys I'm gonna stand behind this so
like I'm gonna chuck it to him like from
here Ready Steady Go
whoo scrape it you need to get a new
need to get a new baseball bat is
denting it and I know here buddy
study go whoa where did that go did you
hit it straight on yeah kinda and it
didn't work
wow this one's a tough one yeah this
one's a tough one guys I honestly can't
believe the resolve that test I thought
it would break I thought it would smash
open and that's it
very strong Wow and especially the fact
that it dented is so look at that that
is like that is like a hole Wow she was
not dangerous at coconut can baby don't
ever Chuck a coconut somebody cuz
imagine that's your head that's met one
indented that hard um we can either go
for the gun the oranges hammer huh Oh
gun guns fun I've never tried shooting a
coconut so this should be awesome right
I don't think it's gonna do that much
damage I think a little hole that max
I'm so scared for my life right now guys
can she do this you ready go for it okay
so you did put a hole in it but that's
about it oh the bullet just went hey oh
wait wait
it's got water it's got water I don't
think you want to drink your like that
it's gonna be a little bit icky now just
make sure you don't drink the bullet in
there so we've been through the night
guys we've been through the gun we've
been through the baseball bat and now
we're gonna take it through the drill
test so we kind of realized as much as
we shoot it we're just going to put
holes through this and there's going to
be nothing else that kind of happens so
as you can see this is the hole we put
in it so now let's see if we can
completely destroy it with the drill
so here goes nothing guys
is it doing anything this should do
something how this is dangerous okay all
right that doesn't work all right
so quitting on that one I'm really
confused guys the drill which I feel is
gonna be the most powerful thing
has just completely flopped on us I
failed so we didn't think we'll have to
come to this but we have to use a hammer
so let's go if this doesn't work the
knife well alright so let's go I
honestly think the first one was a
really weak coconut
I can guarantee alright this doesn't
work we're going back to the knife
pretty steady
Oh Molly you shoot it that is so that's
crazy how many tools but in the end did
you notice some the most basic ones did
it yeah sighs did not matter we had the
gun we had the drills but it came down
to the two basic and smallest weapons
guys it just goes to show sometimes in
life it's not the big things which are
deadly the small things like more vlogs
what you are you're yeah be scared of my
tiny muscles cuz they could hurt they
could hurt you
I thought we thought the first ones were
gonna be like the ones I don't do
anything yeah it came out the successful
one watch that's like with the hammer in
the end I was like if we decide the
knife was like bad yeah and the hammer
must do it I told you know neither done
with this Go Go challenge I guess we
need to pack up everything so okay we're
trying to take a thumbnail shot with her
and the knife and she dropped it right
next to our feet guys we're both wearing
flip-flops so I could have got our toes
we're trying to turn on that light guys
and it's got some weird motion sensor to
it that's just not working let me see
your work work work work I think I've
got a plan guys no no no I know what it
is
guys look as soon as I as soon as I turn
that off it's gonna turn on oh wow
it's only when it's dark dark it turns
on them you know I cut my finger on
these things are really sharp you should
be careful all right
so no no no no I literally told yourself
okay pick him up I don't know what I've
been told I don't know nothing something
plenty that's my hand over here okay
let's go guys this other stuff house
actually much harder than I thought to
do guys
so me and my MA she heading out right
now to be honest there's a couple new
sneakers that have been released I want
to go check them out I don't think I'll
get them I just want to see how they
look like that is if they're even in
stock stuff sells out really quickly
here like I didn't expect it like every
new shoe they release like they told me
about it they're like y'all if you come
late it's probably sold out so let's go
check it out besides from that I just
want to go around and walk and just see
what I can find
okay so check it out guys I quickly came
to Lucas on the shoes they had but look
at these ones I like these really
awesome foot ones and the design is
crazy man like it looks so dope I don't
know what they are unlimited playmaking
if you guys remember I blogged this like
two weeks ago they finally opened it
look at that guy's they're just like
playing in the pit that's crazy I
actually really want to join them oh my
god it's a slide oh my god I just
realized that's a massive slide it goes
down there I came over to the Canon
store because no I have actually kind of
been pestering them I'm like every time
I come here I'm like what is the g7x
mark - coming out the thing is I really
want the new camera like this is the
camera I use you guys don't know it's a
g7 X straight normal g7 X but there's a
more - of this camera and it still
hasn't come here it's been in America
I've been seeing bloggers blog with it I
love jealous like I've been here like I
said yo is it here yet is it here yeah
I've kind of been really annoying to
them for not still not here I actually
just met one of you guys who is all the
way from London and met me and I'm super
also so excited we
guys still struggling I want this new
camera so bad by the way let me show you
something else they have over here so
they've got these like really cool
stable cameras which are these things
the case and look at the microphone it
has it's got like a tiny external
microphone on it which is pretty dope
check it out guys and this is the man
out doing that Georgia man so the way
from London and he's actually blogging
to I mean I kind of made a blog right
now say you're Jordan me just stop
slacking and start blogging so hell yeah
we're healthy yeah yeah describe
tomorrow your school jail alone and yeah
good luck with the blog man keep it up
keep it up
you guys want to see the dopest
backpacks ever like if you're going back
to school this is the stuff that yeah
look at this oh my god then we have like
a basketball bag these bags are dope oh
my god my favorite is probably like this
one guys the eye or something these
these are crazy over here so a couple
days ago I made a 360 blog and you guys
were killing me with the comment saying
the quality was bad
now I actually came and found a 360
camera which has much better quality
this thing it's like a gear 360 that's
what it's cool guys let me know in the
comment section do you want me to have
another go at 360 but with better
quality this time oh my god guys so you
know the Nickelodeon store which has
been saying opening soon for like four
months or six months probably and
finally open that oh my god check it out
they go spongebob over here
hey okay if you're a spongebob fan I
think this place is for you and I look
at this yo SpongeBob's house over here
with a bunch of like iPads lydian is
they even have like spongebob bunk room
that's crazy guys oh okay they even have
like these huge Ninja Turtle heads over
here that is doh imagine this being your
cushion guys that is so crazy I'm
actually so amazed right now guys like
you don't even realize my excitement for
this like they go but it looks
everything this is probably like one of
the biggest Transformer toys I've ever
seen guys so check it out okay how do
you open it again it kind of transforms
into like this huge toy whoa
that's that's crazy so we actually found
a pretty interesting story guys that
sells a lot like cooking stuff and then
one of my favorite things over here is I
love crepes like I love crepes and they
have a CREP maker over here like you
know the pan where you do that like
spinny thing I don't know what you call
it
they kind of like flatten it out and
make sure not tell oh crap with it and
they also have popcorn makers here as
well like look at these that's like a
little mini popcorn maker and they get
smaller so this is like a tiny popcorn
maker over here so before we head out I
quickly came to get myself a correctiy
this stuff actually relaxes me a lot
guys like today
I've been stressed I don't know why I
like you know the days where you just
like stress over little things oh my god
guys I just accidentally dropped my Chi
why did is I squeeze this toy I've never
because of the noise it made I panicked
and hid my tea down I literally only
have one tissue I'm gonna do my best to
clean up we're not gonna get far with
this yeah there you go let's Chuck Oh
mommy not again no again that was not my
fault
you saw that I came to put it in in my
mom clothes there you know sometimes
it's in the weirdest places that you
find cool things we were just about to
head off home and you probably still
don't see what I'm talking about this
table is made out of like shovels look
at that do you see that that is so
unique it's like a little metal stool
and it's got like three shovel tips at
the bottom that's crazy man like that
stuff is just that's what you call art
right there like so the forever today's
long I actually just want to talk to you
guys about something I want to get
something off my chest maybe can help
you guys out but this is not about me
trust me guys I'm literally not saying
this about me out although it might seem
it but if you're watching something
online and it makes you feel negative in
a way if the person is literally just
they're saying oh I hate life and stuff
like that just don't don't absorb that
energy absorb good energy because
honestly in this world the energy around
us is what makes us I'm telling you
straight up if you guys have ever taken
advice of somebody for example that's
been successful one thing I know the one
thing they always tell me is surround
yourself with successful people and that
is the main way you make it honestly
that's just my advice guys stay all
so hopefully you took a little bit good
energy out of this
my advice to every single one of you is
chase your dreams keep being you and
don't let anybody stop you guys because
you're all awesome right catch you guys
some more for another vlog Jana Yolo
bye whoo
