piece I ready
yo yo what is up good morning everyone
and welcome to another vlog so I'm
starting today in the kitchen because I
just need to show you guys something so
there's one fish
I love being it's this one fish that my
mom makes but I just can't stand the
look of the fish guys and I just came
into the kitchen and I had to see it
like it's some freaky another happy
Buchan look a fish it's got eyes it's
gonna mouth I'm gonna touch its mouth oh
my god oh there's no way I'm actually
touching the fish with my hand guys so
we're gonna need some gloves okay let's
get the safety equipment in here
okay these don't even fit me why are
they so tight these these are definitely
small gloves we were ready to become a
chef now guy the other thing that green
stuff is tamarind I think is that is
that the green stuff for the ground
stuff I love when you do this guy's a
vine that's so cool flop number two is
on let's do this gasps okay step one is
to take your fish guys
it's so slippery oh there's stuff coming
out of it oh my god
honestly honey I picked this thing up oh
it's got bones
hey what up guys what up my name is
Bobby the fish happened today we're
gonna make a delicious meal okay I do
have to say it actually doesn't smell
that bad it doesn't smell that bad just
it's just like a normal fish I know
let's actually cook this thing now
properly eidm I think mommy mode needs
to do if I mess up so let's go this this
the ishii right here is the magical
sauce or ingredients that makes this
delicious it's made of garlic onions
tamarind and what's what's the last one
Bobby Cory
oh yeah as you can see I don't even know
the ingredients but this I swear to you
it's the most delicious thing I've ever
had and all you do is you put this in
the fish but as you can see you cut the
fish I mean recipe so I'll be like I as
I said it's really good for you guys
trust me fish is good night it's protein
it's everything
it grows your muscles even though I
don't have any signee to start eating
more fish and yeah let's let's fill this
bad boy up with the special ingredients
anyways that is the fish guys and how
will you do guys is you put this in the
oven and you're good to go
3 Alex Kate Dale it's been like half an
hour guys
fish is ready to come out of the oven
let's put these bad boys on and get it
out this is like the most cooking I've
done for a long time well oh my god oh
oh I still feel it we did my still these
are not protection anyways that is the
fish guys and I also want to show you
look Obama's done guys mommy mo has made
a mold shaped rice and apparently this
is a smiley face like what what what
what is this apparently this is his hair
my mom's a boxer she she makes stuff
like
all right you know I'm still eating this
guy seven second rule but I messed it up
for now I'm heading over to the skate
park with mummy mo got my customized
board I actually so excited to test this
out the thing is people that are good at
sketch time probably gonna be the worst
one I've actually also got my swimming
stuff in this bag in case it's not open
like it should be open don't worry but
you know who knows maybe I'll to skating
we can go to the beaches old
alright guys so honestly I came here to
do some skateboarding but after seeing
the sunset I just want to sit here and
relax and watch it go down check this
out I swear it's the best view I've seen
in a long long time
look at that guy's Wow anyways that
deserves a time-lapse so let's go the
Sun just went down now but the weather
is perfect I think we chose the exact
right time still look at it you can
still kind of see the orange background
in the sky I think now it's time to just
walk around and enjoy the weather when
you see something like that guys you
just have to stop and just admire it
like thank you guys check it out so I
just here in the skate park and
everybody's skating around but this this
is the biggest ramp they have over here
and it's just impossible like look how
big this thing is
because I can't skate guys one of you
guys are gonna do it for me so shout out
to the guys this this is huge this place
light look at the size of it it's
massive do you know any tricks yeah oh
boy you guys this is killer
that's pretty good I find my nice job so
I have no idea what I'm doing apparently
with skateboarding so my boy Peter is
trying to teach me some stuff
so tell them what you can do you can do
it click fit right yeah I let's see how
you do it
teach us while you're doing it but this
guy's good
oh my god
back to back
oh nice I got that one if you don't need
forward you're pretty close can I work
on these home he only can I let you work
it this leads me yeah so we're just
going to drop in today let's do this one
number one I remember just move forward
not like that hi quick furnace
I tried that's it since I'm no good at
skateboarding myself I'm just gonna
record a couple of people that like
really amazing over here my boy Louie
over here what's up what's up you're the
best here right I heard best skewer here
so whoo let's see what you can do guys
oh nice recovery oh that was good I got
that I got anyways guys from now I'm
heading out this gate oh my god High
Priest I ready that was a long long
skateboarding session anyways I'm gonna
go get some tether pancakes right now
check it out so you know where I am
again we're at the pancake place they
actually used to have like it's huge one
over here but I think they're gonna open
up a winter again but check it out oh I
love pancakes guys that just looks so
cool by the way guys look who I just
realized they have like a load of emojis
just like I have at my house they got
the sweat faced the nervous face the
cool face and now my pancakes already oh
yeah that's enough
I don't want to get too fat all right
thank you so much hey check it out guys
mommy mo is having a cheeky little
Nutella pancake is all stop it's
delicious man like I just I wish not
telling was healthy for you like that'd
be the best thing imagine was like your
fruit for now let's head out I don't
think I need these sunglasses anymore
because it's pitch black let's go to
like I don't know somewhere cold
I did a loss swaying right now I just
want to go cool off now so we just made
it over to the
while and I'm super sweaty and we
actually did bring an extra t-shirt
check it out I'm so glad I brought that
because now I can change in the parking
no I just I just hope nobody's looking
this is changing in the parking lot the
value of these two hues from here I'm
going to look like a lunatic
well this is the difficult part guys
how'd you change your pants in a parking
lot there come time my car is how do I
change inside here okay get down I'm not
changing my parents outside this car oh
all right
and that is how you get your pants on so
I just find a really really dope car now
this which I'm about to show you this is
my exact car but in blue and honestly
this is the one I wanted to get when I
got my car but let me know what you guys
think about it I think it looks gorgeous
it's my exact car just the color blue
and this was like something I really
wanted to go and I was getting my car I
could have picked 14 falou gray red
those are the three colors but I don't
know let me know what you guys think
should I've got that so I want to go buy
myself a new hat guys and
I don't know I thought let me go try a
Gucci hat thing is to be honest I'm not
really into it I'm just trying fit my
mom told me she told me yo go get
something nice because normally I just
go your normal like I like Mike and he
that he was stuff like that but let's go
inside Gucci and see what they have
check it out guys the golden store it is
super empty in here so I'm guessing it
is super expensive
y'all will check this out they've even
got like a kids section over here in
Gucci wow I guys check it out these with
some fancy like changing Rory look at
this you can you can stand on a stool is
this suit me
nice yeah you're nice let me know what
you guys think you think this looks good
or I'm really confused right now the
things I like the black one I think the
black hole looks really nice but let's
see hmm this is like the classic color I
think if I should get one it should be
this pretty cool stop in there the only
thing is I think they fit my head a
little bit weird I just I just love
spicy wing this
that one was super spicy I was very
feisty
I'm still searching for hat guys and I
found this one but I don't know why hats
just fit me so weird it might just be me
thinking this let me know does this look
like a good fit but the thing is this is
an Arsenal hat I'm not really like a
avid supporter of Arsenal I don't hate
before anything no get me wrong my
friends actually love Arsenal so yeah
shout out to all my friends I was just
walking by guys and I saw this poster of
Mensa buzz if you guys don't know it it
was actually one of my vlogs and he's
like a huge football player as you can
see sponsored by adidas I think but it's
a crazy like people like him are huge
footballers and when you see the real
life we're all just normal humans that
when you see them you're like hey I bet
he's gonna be some like very unusual
person or like he's super famous oh he's
gonna look good but they're just so
normally casual so it's really strange
like seeing them in real life and then
seeing them on a poster it's like I just
met that guy the guy see on TV playing
football I just came back to my favorite
gadget store guys and check out what
they have over here so you guys want
some bubble gum I just definitely do
that is so crazy so whenever light
imagine Halloween and you go for
something yeah let's doll well yeah we
got a war melon up there oh you got a
gummy bear and a watermelon guys okay
they even have a burger guys look at
that you can have a burger you can have
a donut okay but you guys know what more
blokes wants right here I want the
hundred guys this that's just mummy John
some money John some $100 is $60,000
right here I actually know more than
that $80,000 I can't ever go into that
store without buying something and I got
something else right here I'm going to
show you at home it's a very very weird
purchase to say the least it's very
unusual
okay yep nope it's very normal
did you guys come home and then I say hi
yeah we're home right now
hey guys welcome back home and yeah
today I released my first exercise
routine video and you guys go check it
out I do so these moves oh oh oh
killer oh yeah so go check it out I'm
not a professional guys so I just do it
like a hobby and I hope you guys I was
her no self firm on the blog guys she
was like in the shower together guys go
on judge on the workout routine if you
watch the video you're gonna Creed
you're gonna you're probably gonna die
jostle moves on the blog before you
watch on your channel so what did you do
Oh what did you cool that professional
names that helps the ABS here guys there
is the one which goes back oh oh
jianming squat so it looks like yeah oh
my god so you call it Fitness tonight
right there hold don't don't even try
those eggs don't try the exercises
you're gonna hurt yourself
have you tested those exercises yeah I
help it safety hazard we're not watching
the video peace
Marcus I didn't give me Moses well you
gave yourself a shout-out right now huh
how can I say okay let me make sure to
check it out click on her face like you
test how do you do that acute desert or
something all life
don't you like you doesn't bail you in
city bell question you're like gums on
this mug if you want to see me a lot to
do an IQ test don't think I haven't read
your comments guys we will do it and I
bet you I'll get over 150 150 all right
as always I want to wrap up today's vlog
here I hope you have enjoy those awesome
going down to the skate park today the
things I shouldn't say like huge thank
you to every single one of you for
supporting a channel like when your
youtuber okay right when I come to blog
look at what bubbles is doing what is
his problem
he's tearing to shreds the packet you're
right buddy
I love try to say to torch you guys like
when you're youtuber and you make
youtube videos like you don't like would
I put them online like I know you guys
are you people watching like you do
understand there's a lot of people
watching but until I meet you guys in
real life you don't realize how many
people are watching you like you see it
as numbers like a hundred thousand three
hundred thousand but today when I went
to the skate park I saw about 50 people
that knew about my channel and it's so
like overwhelming like you guys saw I
didn't even vlog much I've loved one
segment at the end which I'll repeat now
preach already and as you can see
there's like 20 or 10 20 people around
me and I I was kind of frozen like I
didn't know what to do I didn't know
what to say I was i I piece out see you
guys like it's so different me you guys
in real life and I appreciate the
support you guys give me like so many if
you were kind to me and yeah man it's
just amazing cause thank you guys enough
neh for now stay awesome I love you all
don't forget the slogan yellow yellow
goodbye woo
