whoa
yo this is worse than paint more leg
yo everyone good morning and welcome to
another vlog so today I actually got two
really cool things to show you so first
of all I bought this thing the other day
it says make 777 white balloons very
very fast
111 okay I don't know this thing is just
really awesome guys let me show you what
it does
gotta check it out I love blow into the
kitties oh my god you get like a little
plug into the war hose anyways before we
go into these I have one thing even
cooler than all of this again we're
gonna go outside and fill these up but
you guys probably all know the game
Pokemon go very best no one ever was
um I've been addicted to it I've been
like crazy over it so I heard about this
website food the pokey goat trader I'll
leave the link to that website in the
description so you guys can check it out
as well and I wanted to see what it is
basically it's a website you can buy an
account and it's crazy cuz I'm gonna
test it out just to see I bought two
accounts one for me one for Lana
and they're supposed to give you like
this high level account with like a
loaded Pokemon and a load of stuff in
there and you even get to name it
yourself so I'm gonna test it up got two
accounts don't don't look at my account
names and passwords guys the thing is I
haven't even logged in yet I don't know
what to expect guys so pick one of these
accounts and let's see what we get guys
please don't show my password I don't
want people stealing these accounts
before we log into these accounts guess
who's gonna get the bear stuff okay
okay fine you could choose one day if
you want how about that you choose okay
who's one this is a better one I can
take it if you want it you can take it
ah I'm gonna log in with these details
guys and I want to see what I get
Okemah okay let's see oh hi signing I
don't want to show you guys my username
I don't want to show you I oh my god yo
this is like you can literally pick your
character and everything guys so let's
press yes I'm level 8 after play for
solo level 30 is probably like one of
the highest levels you can get guys your
level 30 and it's like you started the
game new you get to choose your new
Pokemon you know what I picked
Charmander last time I'm gonna just pick
war tourists this time yo its online i
guys it's on here come on we can do this
yeah that's your bicep it looks really
okay oh wait we even get to choose our
name what should I call this yo your
squad adventures I'm getting so nervous
guys are you ready to see the Pokemon
okay are you ready this is who has the
best Pokemon right here you should be
nervous
3 2 1
we weigh Oh
it's like let's see what the highest one
is all the pokemons
are you serious 2200 oh my god every
Pokemon thing right like do you think
yours can beat me I don't think yours
can be me
whoa man that is so better than I
expected guys I honestly didn't think
they'd have that many Pokemon on it a
lot of Pokemon that's everything
oh my god there's a lot he did it we
were going out like in circles for one
two hours and we couldn't even get one
of these I do not feel guilty at all
that I kind of cheated guys I I'm on it
I'm gonna buy a couple more accounts
huge shout out to them link is in the
body let's do your account do I have a
Pikachu that's what I want to know yes
yes yes oh my god oh my god you have
Pikachu I was about to ask you I'm done
I'm done I'm done
you cannot be my girl oh cannot be I got
it I got a picket you my turn my turn
you see this makes life so much easier
like and it's so nice to have like all
these Pokemon the by pokey gyms are not
safe anymore with low in town okay no 30
oh my god try now
are you ready 3 2 1 1 you have a little
let's see what your highest level combat
power is if it's higher than mine you
know what that is it's a dragon mine no
no no no wait did I just catch a
Charizard no no no I just caught how the
hell did you catch a Charizard I just
did in front of that doesn't depend
Charmander no I cannot believe that she
just got a higher level Pokemon than me
you can I start playing Pokemon now no
you come that's my account as why I'm
taking that I'm taking their little look
I know we recorded her doing it guys
that's my account my account please more
fun cuz I'm not gonna beat you Morini oh
yeah I have to say a huge shout out guys
to the pokey go traitor I'll leave that
link at the top of the description now
on to the second part that I'm already
so happy off to doing that account we're
gonna go okay I'm pretty sure it's 111 I
thought it said 777 does that not look
like seven did you not know that you can
write a number one like this also I mean
with a little bit of butt thing okay you
know what let's let's go outside
and they even give you back up balloons
look at that
I'm seeing this thing online and since I
saw a video that I can't remember when
it was ages ago but I just always wanted
to find this and I did and surprisingly
they're very cheap they're about like
seven dollars so let's test it out
oh my god just again I don't know maybe
the cat scratched it why is this only
scratches on your car huh guys you see
that there's so many scratches somebody
scratched your car yes we in it I'm
pretty sure that's a scratch look at how
cool the colors are on this balloon look
I love the colors yeah this is so cool
ready all right okay here goes nothing
guys you ready
oh my god is flashing so much
oh my god Oh
oh oh oh you're getting my camera wet my
camera's goody whoo that is so crazy
whoa oh my god
the whole street oh my gosh are you
kidding me that's like the coolest thing
I've ever seen
we've got like water balloons all over
in the street yo oh my God look at that
let's see if it pops in your language
that's right okay let's see does that
long golf guys who doesn't know we're
not trying that anymore
so we're gonna do second batch guys
before we take them all out the street
so let's see how this goes don't get any
ready for this oh my God look at that
whoa
that was so quick not like money
are you kidding okay yo look guys all
right how many are you serious oh you're
so like suing that didn't even happen to
you
uh yeah oh spray Rocco did you hold it
too tight this is all I rolled down your
car like you was finally so cool right
Wow
it's like I just took a shower such
cameras probably gonna die of war damage
off to this guy's like I think is
actually gonna get war damaged by the
neighbors are looking at us like what
the hell is going on oh my god
guys look who's wrong again look at that
look at look at that
it's getting heavy come on
oh my God look at the street look at the
street we got so would you want to
release so cool I know I was like oh my
god when the I was trying to shake you
off so all goes down together that is a
lot of water balloons you guys know it
wouldn't be more vlogs if we didn't at
least do something with these water
balloons so Lana no wait wait why are
you packing them up we about to hit you
with the Sun yeah not here
why not here well you only Stanley yeah
we're gonna smack you in front of your
car you're not just hitting me with
water balls hitting with stones as well
mom it let's do this good lie what you
want to do I want to cover my face with
something my eyes my eyes mommy we don't
do that around you guys we don't we
don't do that you can if you want you
can blink you can close your eyes
hi guys time to see Lana get annihilated
Nile a it by a hundred and eleven more
balloons you ready let's do this there's
a nice big juicy one guys yo this is
worse than paint Morley don't move to
the side there's a donkey there you stop
those neighbors coming
it is tuefel coming mommy stop baby I'm
breaking bone come on no mommy mommy
look how look how much sorry sorry I'm
gonna be complete savage motor during
the 1 meter 1 meter war balloon hit
let's do this okay you are we're gonna
swap it to me guys let's see how this
goes
how about this we do a tree truck engine
sound like that
my cat is meowing here and yeah let's do
this speech he's scared to come because
there's water everywhere I think that's
a rat who won that war we're both losers
good night
so now that we're done during the war
balloons at each other I thought would
bring out the big guns and I literally
made the big I messed that up so bad I
literally mean the vikins we brought my
air rifle and we're gonna shoot the rest
of the balloons that we didn't pop you
ready like it this is the stuff we need
you're right to do this are you gonna
set him up you're a to do this let's do
this oh my god that was a bad idea
all right so what we're gonna do guys is
we're gonna put all of these balloons at
the end of this wall and start shooting
them let's see how this guy's done
yeah are you ready to do this no we
haven't shot this gun for like four
months so hopefully we're still good
come on you can do it you can do it
pressure pressure yeah this is hard
come on you got this I believe in you
it's pretty big target range over there
so don't miss yeah oh you got it let's
go guys let's see how many I can do it's
not that hard
scope you okay I need to I need to keep
a PG Hey
yes I got a bunch of them oh boy let's
see what's up yeah yo your boy mo just
not everything look at that wow that is
one wet surface over here all right
no it actually makes it so much worse
because it makes it look like we're
shooting an RPG like the neighbors are
probably like what daddy's going on cuz
they're popping right like bang okay
we've got some really good lighting
system in the backyard
it doesn't even recognize you human
forces like turns on and then often then
olinger they do the floor push all right
there you go
oh she put like 10 at a time I know I
wish it was automatic it was you know
those ones but I think there's like with
pressure pumps
joining me this our last shot before our
neighbors yes yeah yes hi yeah this is
gonna be our last shot before our
neighbors just freaked out that let's do
this oh I'm determined to get this I
should just scared every time I hear the
show it sounds so loud anyways you guys
there you go that has been our fun with
111 balloons I still think it's 777 guys
but you know it's alright but yeah we're
gonna pack up now go inside before we
get like a report for somebody shooting
somebody like that's that's the last
thing I want in this situation anyways
guys I looked back out to my small
camera let me know how that was the big
camera you guys told me you liked it in
the last video I did with it so that's
why I started using it more but yeah
anyways for now I'm gonna go take a
shower I'm messy I'm muddy because I
have all of that stuff Chuck to me and
yeah catch you guys are all freshened up
oh my god guys alright there's a cat
outside the ginger one and these two are
calm down guys you you should never
touch her easy yeah guess you're Pouncy
yes once we did he kind of got scared
and pounces okay
there you go see he's not there anymore
I'm gonna be honest I just came from
upstairs down because I heard like a cat
fight going on look I'm not even wearing
my pants I'm wearing shorts Kitty's like
by his side that's what you could lawyer
we see that she's lawyer
you small herd these cats ain't no you
know their name
okay check it out guys I quickly came on
my sister's phone because I want to show
you guys how it looks like when a
pokémon evolves now if you guys watch
pokemon videos you would know but i just
saw for the first time as you saw by
then record it properly so check it out
look at this I are you ready to do this
whoa oh my god
transformation look at that that's crazy
Wow you know what I know I know I'm not
supposed to be doing this apparently
it's not the best thing to do but I'm
just gonna do it to show you guys again
so evolve again let's see what it turns
into oh my god
oh my god it's turning into its final
form
Wow
you guys don't even realize how much fun
I'm having with this game guys I leveled
up your Pokemon for you uh this video
why not come on guys okay she did a
video about what was it called
I didn't like my workout routine and I
don't know if like I'm not a
professional guys so I just recorded
myself working out cuz I thought maybe
some you might find it like useful cuz I
know that we asked me like some people
are before a workout routine oh I can't
wash it guys yeah we we asked her yeah
you know the community has been asking
me for my workout routine I just I
thought I had to give back to people I
have to show them how to keep in this
amazing physique you know my fans this
is for you guys I know you've always
been asking me to give me video like you
know I've this routine is like obviously
my hug song why y'all know you're ending
the block you guys peace let's go out
let's go out and okay we just greedy
came over to the supermarket to bike up
the things guys but this thing in my
hand you guys should know what it is
it's bleach okay one of my most common
comments unfortunately on my channel
it's from somebody with the username
Clorox and he says drinking
drink me that literally is common drink
me okay we comment that one more time in
the goal of the shopping we did guys my
sister wanted about five different
flavor Pringles and she wanted like a
cactus for one of her videos ikat this
we couldn't find it but strange requests
hey whoa skateboarding 101 guys as
always I'm gonna wrap up today's lucky I
hope you have enjoyed by the way I will
be doing a giveaway very very soon I
just don't know when maybe next week
I'll do another one I'm trying to think
of why I should give away this time
that's different but yeah anyway stay
awesome I love you all and yet just be
happy guys that's the main thing in life
just be happy alright you real small
right now okay yellow yellow I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye ooh
