yo everyone good morning and welcome to
another vlog so how are you doing at the
moment you know why I am Lana's room
guys
six thousand six thousand more
subscribers and she hits 100k or they're
like what is he talking about
first things first guys I know it's been
like messy over the past three but as
I've said in the past couple days you
can get the mole bloke shirt
links in the description there's also a
white version this time and after this
back so it's up for a week I think I'm
completely gonna change the design so if
you want this design it's out this week
but yeah links at the top in description
if you buy both I think you get like a
little discount anyways my sister she
has a really cool song let's listen up
to it it's like this you know UK it's
like a UK girl I've listened to her
before fun look at da I came here mum
you are just about to head up I thought
I'd come out to tell you why my sister's
car has been missing no sir if you guys
have noticed that then gone for two days
two whole days I know crazy right like
what happened
I'm joking she left at her friend's
house and she just kind of couldn't be
bothered to go get it so guys I always
have to clear up stuff like this before
it turns into it's conspiracy
I don't know why every time the Lambo is
gone for a day like these conspiracies
here he's just continued one more thing
guys tomorrow is the first service of my
baby so she's gonna be gone tomorrow
imagine I've ruined something already
like it said you know how it goes
my mom used to drove from the age of 18
guys I know she doesn't drive now but
she was like a super early driver foot
on the brake the big thing yep that's
right I pressed the start button you see
that thing Oh doesn't that feel good now
I press acceleration mommy that's she's
pressing the brake guys
I thought was the girliest Rev I've ever
seen guys so we're actually going to a
friend's house tonight but before I went
I had to come and look at this car now
if you guys are last time I made a video
on this cars I thought it's an absolute
beast but now there's a neon yellow
version this is just like the craziest
set of cars together guys I just look at
the color of this thing it's fairly dark
outside now and it's kind of glowing so
it's just so crazy like these two cars
next to each other they look fairly
normal right because they're the same
size but then when you compare it to
like a normal four-wheel-drive it's just
ridiculous by the way guys shut off the
day goes to him spot before the year
Scott Toyota all right look at the size
of this thing compared to mummy mo guys
I just wanted to show you how big
actually is like it looks like a truck
next to her oh and she's wearing heels
guys that is ridiculous
one of my favorite Lamborghinis you guys
didn't know is actually the more Salah I
think he looks fantastic I I never used
to like it that much but like recently
it's been growing on me alright guys so
I quickly just came let's put some money
for a ticket and then we can go and get
the steak I swear they always never
accept my money
mummy is this fake or what is this come
on it's definitely fake guys it just
doesn't accept it mommy give me a real
one
oh great now it just took one of them
finding you guys leave ourselves a
ticket this is literally only going to
be used for five minutes guys but we
just have to put it in case because I
got the worst luck with police let's
quickly go get cake guys you know it's
funny know them signboards are like
heartbroken I'm not sure if you can hear
that it's making like a weird noise time
to pick a cake guys let's see what do we
want this time should we go for a yell
okay
a red cake a fancy cake my what you want
you want a chocolate a black forest cake
that does look delicious guys I don't
know I think we should go for this is
what we got last time you guys I think
we should just go for taste yeah why not
I've actually never tried a red velvet
cake but my mom actually loves them I
look we have one over here they just
look so good I want to put my hand in it
just looks so cool to touch guys yo I
just fought the craziest thing I've ever
the hotel we were at like two days or so
yesterday it was yesterday's all they
the boss tub over there looked exactly
like this like it looked like an old
telephone and this is what I was talking
about when I was saying it looks like an
old telephone like it was exactly like
this anyways boys heading out thank you
so much I appreciate it
buh-bye and yet time to head out guys we
got the cake
yo free wine guys what is this making a
noise it's like making a beeping noise I
kinda feel worried I left my car for two
minutes and I already have these like
massage leaflet things how the hell were
they at my car in two minutes
mommy mo here she comes
there she is look at that pet store by
the way it's got like a huge cat face
say please
I cannot yeah this go let's go relay two
hours later where is Lana are you done
what have you been doing Rick when I
tried it on the other and it's going on
over here everything I'm trying the
colors I didn't like or one of them and
this is everything I couldn't make up my
truth yeah that made sense guys that dye
is like Lana's ripe right now like like
ripe life she just tries on clothes for
hours and hours
yo we are late to go outside right now
she was like let me do a snapchat guy so
I was like okay she's gonna take a bowl
and then she just starts going
kitty-kitty-kitty alright we're late
let's go check out the cake we got guys
how do you open it look that's what we
got oh yeah it's all messed up already
yeah the cake got ruined that's right
it's not that bad it's only spilled off
the top a little bit and it's cool on a
trip yeah gaga hmm more anger he's
guilty
alright song to see you anywhere
please tell me why I always hate you
please tell me why oh please tell me why
you always it alright let's go let's go
okay boy so you should be familiar with
where we are now we just made it to our
friend's place there's my car there's
the Rolls Royce over there with
and there is much sister scars oh she
just left it over here and yeah pretty
sure there might be stuff happening in
regards to the color student that's why
she said she might leave it here not too
sure but yell it there's other cars you
know I'm surprised the first time I've
seen a lot of their Lamborghinis covered
look at that
that is so dope you know under all of
these is a Lamborghini or Ferrari I'm
not too sure maybe maybe that's Ferraris
under them too but wow that is so good
like they're covered
and finally the Bentley no it's all
washed up if you can see that looks
really shiny oh oh that looks mean okay
for now we're gonna get that elevator to
go down boys I always love like this is
really crazy if you think about it guys
like look at the level of this Terrace
like it is so short so it's so easy to
kind of fall off here here I'm not gonna
take a chance but Wow
it's like eight floors up we are right
now it's crazy
in all of them L of them elevator pranks
like suddenly the light sternal demon
child appeared need a ticket no that's
the thing guys look sharp you see that
prankster they have like a little kid
coming and pretend like she's the demon
yeah I that's quitting's really the
congestion like a magical boom what is
this guy's is this is this a vending
machine for medicine pretty good yo I
never nearly had that year it's like a
vending machine
oh yeah then just give me a panda doll
which is 108 guys one zero eight alright
seems good now I just have to put in the
note as you can see invisible and the
bear space freaks me out and I don't
want you keep going up guys it just
makes everything seem a little bit less
safe i boy so we just made it over to
our friends house and first things first
just because Noah's a huge part of the
vlog I had to come to Israel what's up
mouse up this car is one of my favorite
cars the real version of course not the
toy version this is a Lamborghini Sesto
and a Mentos like this thing is like the
craziest car thing they've made three of
these worldwide if I'm not mistaken it's
a very limited amount but this car is
just absolutely crazy guys what the hell
look at it guys anyways seeing your your
room is more organized than mine knowing
my room is a mess so yeah keep it that
way
oh this is the toy cabinet yeah check
this out guys he's got walkie-talkies
hello yo this is more grand
he turned off on me
anyways that's so cool I own a
walkie-talkie now like a professional
one that's so cool that like imagining
pok√©mon hunter you that that'd be crazy
all right let's head out and go sit with
everybody else my boy no I just gave me
a very dangerous weapon guys you don't
want to shoot this at anything no back
up back up I will shoot you I'll show
you so that is our target guys oh I can
I want to change target Noah you missed
Oh unit I'm pretty sure it didn't move
Noah give me a high-five for F rekon
boom all right buh-bye no I'll see you
later and yeah peace out okay boys for
now we're actually heading out awesome
time goodbye to all the Lambos and
Ferraris are under these covers I want
you guys to guess okay what is under all
of these on a K I'm going to number them
for you guys one what's under number one
what summer number two three and four k
four cars right here I want you guys to
tell me what they are by the way guys
our friends are kindly giving us a
Porsche Cayenne because since my car is
going tomorrow and we won't have any
other car we can use that so that's cool
we get another car for the vlog alright
let's head out my sister went downstairs
to get into the Porsche and drive home
with us and then I'll probably show you
a little bit
now let's head out yo check it out guys
that is actually Lana in that Porsche
there it's got four exhausts on that
beast oh that is really nice
anyways I'll see you guys I hope to show
you the car a bit better for now driving
home as you can see next to my sister so
yeah I should just put a window down
guys now you can see her there she is
hello Lana what's up
any look at this or at the red light
let's see how fast your car is compared
to mine okay
Oh Oh it's got a good amount power to it
there daddy
crazy
check it out guys so here it is Lana in
the red cayenne what a whoo look at that
oh what a beauty can't wait to drive
that tomorrow all right calm down it's a
night Wow
that is such a great interior you know
it's our neighbors I absolutely love
that this section is carbon fiber oh I
don't know I just open something the
whole thing is carbon fiber over here
but the back is so dark I look I can't
see anything
like holy but it's good guys
well you see all the bloggers like see
real-life pitch black all right boys
let's get out the car for now oh I
dropped your heel Alana wants to show
you a feature about the car guys but
this is built-in that's a key built-in
yeah so
hey boys come on that's like two keys
kind of like one and a half keys it is
but you have this key so it's like a
permanent key in there guys
come on Lise that's what I was told okay
because my car is going for service
tomorrow I need my vehicle registration
card guys and I have no idea where I put
it
so let's go check my car I hope it's in
there because otherwise I don't
technique me on the car or that I do but
you know I still need to find this so I
have no idea where I put my like
basically with your car that comes like
you know that big leather manual and
inside that is where my vehicle
registration was but I don't know where
it's not in my boots don't know where
I've never taken out my car like and the
thing is I give my car into so many
valets and stuff obviously I'm not
accusing anybody of taking it but like I
wouldn't even know where it could have
gone you know
so I'm such an idiot so it was actually
the thing we found first who was
actually this I don't know why I thought
it was a leather one but the leather one
was from my car in London the Mercedes I
had so it was this one this is my one
the leather one was the Mercedes I had
in London you know it's really funny
like look at the Porsche from the CCTV
it's like so big so we've never had a
four-wheel drive in that slot before
like so round and nice a lot of my
favorite things about Porsches is their
keys like if you guys haven't seen one
before it's shaped like a car and they
just look also I love it like it's so
different to the normal key light I
don't really see keys shaped like cars
so before I wrap up today is long I want
to open one package so this is what I've
chosen by the way for what if you want
to know our postal information it's
always in the description or I'll just
pop it up right here so yeah if you want
to send anything to be on the vlog you
can do it there anyways let's
get to opening this alright so there we
go box is opened what do we have in here
we have a football and I literally mean
an American footballs boy
that is absolutely crazy but but it's
professional they dress anyway actually
yes this is for the school this is for I
don't go far go far you ready three what
Oh Ron three we also got three shirts in
here which is pretty cool guys so let's
check it out I'm not sure if they're
like American football shirts let's see
it's a team I think Chicago Bears
football dr. J I don't know is this a
football TV eyes I'm pretty sure it is
that's two more so check it out I think
one for me and one for you
is it also Chicago Bears whoever this
was I think support Chicago Bears that
is actually yours well look what let's
go let's go chikaku bears oh yeah all
right guys so the person said one for
Lana
one for mummy mole and the white one is
for me oh so there you go
anyways thank you so much was there a
letter in there let's see okay there's
an ad guys it says mo I'm a huge fan if
your blogs I really respect the time and
effort you put into them and you work
each day for them I'm a huge football
fan and hope you will become one also
don't let negativity get you and keep
your head up all right thank you so much
Rome and there is no name but I
appreciate it so much
you left the smiley face and it says the
extracts are large on this remote medium
for mummy ball
and the smallest for you so yeah okay
bro
extra extra large seriously bro come on
man I know I'm fat but they like extra
extra large Eddie's thank you so much I
appreciate it I love the ball like I'm
gonna play with this so much I just what
extra extra large by the way just a
reference guys my size is normally a
large one more time just in case you
guys didn't know these shirts aren't
gonna be up for a week link to them to
top the description there's this color
there's also a white color which I'll
try and put here so you guys can see so
yeah if you want that get it now anyways
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here guys
don't kill me and yeah if you guys
haven't already subscribed press the big
red button to support the family guys I
want you guys to be a part of the group
and yeah just stay awesome see you guys
tomorrow they awesome love you all
galio low boy bubbles oh no that was his
fires oh gosh yo what up buddy don't
mind what you do is it just you yeah to
go over bro hey
