how are you doing welcome to another
blog basically today we have a very
exciting blog planned out right now I'm
actually heading over to an event ok and
apparently this is the world's largest
Bugatti meetup okay so apparently
apparently there should be a lot of new
bodies there so right now clearly
heading earth deals on wheels and let's
see how many counties there are alright
let's go to the world's largest who got
it me up
oh my god yo ivory so right now we just
made it over to the event there is a ton
of Bugatti so far there's five okay and
there's another ten expected cars to
come so there should be between like
fifteen to twenty Bugattis y'all this is
the largest Bugatti me angry in the
entire world so Bugattis are still
coming in there's a ton of people
waiting it so besides from all of the
cool cars we have over here we have a
bunch of really cool people check it
guys they're all here for the Bugatti
event it should be crazy once all the
cars come there's gonna be more action
but I love these guys to God he just
rolled up where do they go where do they
go guys to Bugattis literally just came
oh they didn't even stop okay basically
guys there is blue guy this guy I think
they just missed the turn okay so before
the rest of the Bugattis come here I
should want to introduce you to the guy
that made this all possible the man
himself
Carla Tallulah thank you it's always a
pleasure having you with us so he is the
one that organized a super sprint two
years ago which had 600 million of cars
and today what's going on to set us
today we're trying to achieve that was
because forgot to dive in the wall
now what you see behind us are all
versions of bukkake the first for the
budget to transport the police guys
today it's all here just half of the
lineup and we're going to take it today
to the most busiest place the newest
place and divide lemma so we're gonna
drive there we're going to showcase the
W wing for every single person there
yeah it's gonna be busy for now more
Bugatti action let's go oh my god
alright so another two Bugattis just
showed out right now we have that one
behind my boy ASA and another one the
crazy thing is look at the color on this
one but I love my can I better go get
out of here is your color the cooler
thing about all these Bugattis is look
at the plate number so this one is 1 1 1
1 which is like a big deal here in Dubai
and then the Bugatti over here guys I
don't even need to say much it's just
number 8 bro you're me boys I'm three
plus my boys plate number
apparently three plus four equals seven
so you put like a math equation in there
it goes on the time as well when I
opened my father's always be
oh my god
I saw portion I want ain't just wrote up
oh my god guys Bugatti Bugatti Bugatti
Bugatti Bugatti Bugatti one two three
four five six seven Bugattis to the Lost
Bugatti just made it over here down this
is what you call a line up
oh my god okay so all the Bugattis have
finally made it here it is time to go on
a drive we have about ten Bugattis
literally about to go in a drive so
y'all listen I've never had this many
Bugattis in one blog
this is Bugatti madness this is Dubai
for you guys holy moly
all right engines are now starting ok
the drive is about to begin at home guys
look at this boiler going down so right
now we're all heading out I'm actually
going in this blue Bugatti guys so let's
go by the way look in front of the car
guys
i BK we go
that was not a good idea it is right now
because they're heading out
bye we love you guys bye let's go
this is the craziest line of Pilates
I've ever seen it that was about seeking
God is right there and we have more
behind us and we are just getting into
some traffic right now so I don't know
what's about to happen
I see I want to see more like but these
sticks are basically why I forgot he's
doing you know
oh boy so right now the hopefully is
next to us we are a head-to-head with a
bugatti god this is insane if you see
the whole road is covered in Bugattis
this is madness we're literally taking
over the entire road who these guys are
so while we're driving slowly i just
want to take the time to look at the
interior of this car this car is
actually really beautiful i'm gonna
quickly turn on the light so you guys
can see so it's got this really nice
hermas color listen all the ladies out
there i'm sure when you heard her mess
you're already going crazy
so yeah this car is beautiful okay so
right now we just made it over to our
destination as you can see the whole
road is covered in Bugattis right now i
creamy halt down the car just to show
you I mean check this out
guys hey what's that guys holy moly the
whole road is covered right now there's
literally a traffic jam so I'm kind of
happy because I can just walk and enjoy
the cars down down down
this is absolute madness right now I
mean listen you can't see much there's
like a whole road of perfect athletes
behind us how we got you already doesn't
mean now holiday this is crazy this is
crazy
we're gonna fuck all together so we can
enter not watch the watch so much oh my
God look at the watch guys go this is
absolute craziness right now we are in
the busiest area in Dubai with about 10
Bugattis back to back guys honestly I
don't even know what to say right now
I'm trying I'm actually running off to
the cars that you guys could see look at
this I shout out to these guys we are
here hey gang gang here you know so
right now we just ranch some rules and
finds a was selling slower so you guys
are amazing I love you shout out to
everybody here
whoa I will there you go boys that has
been the Bugatti event right now we just
made it back in st. Randolph cars we
have for now we are heading our shot
these guys hey what's up guys they've
literally been winging your from the
beginning to the end of the bat bro-bro
you thought you're rich you thought
you're rich we had ten Bugattis today
hey that is my sister is cooking out
here oh my god what are you doing
I'm Berger you're burning it bro get you
a girl that can cook they say get you a
girl there we go if you're somebody new
around here on the blogs make sure to
subscribe don't forget I'm doing a
giveaway I'm giving away for iPhone X's
to random subscribers so click the
subscribe button right now and you get
to see cool Dubai videos if you guys
haven't already watched my vlogs before
if you haven't welcomed but yeah for now
let's get out of here and I'll see you
with my friend the building yo what's up
high five gonna be on my vlog what yo
you're awesome I like that jacket yo
you're screwed while you're looking at
babies you got one coming yeah yeah sure
okay so I don't know why me and ASA just
came across the baby bro it's me and you
start looking at it we came across the
Gucci baby stuff and look how cool it
looks imagine having a baby wearing this
guys oh this is adorable
there you got like that Gucci sweatpants
and stuff
nice hey honestly I should have no idea
what we're doing we're going around the
expensive store and they just have a ton
of really cool stuff they they have a
Formula One helmet that's signed by
letter signed by Lewis Hamilton
Sebastian
32000 oh my god oh boy so it is about to
get super super interesting on the vlog
I here's the thing right and I quickly
said goodbye to my friend Asia guys
right now I'm going to the bank okay and
I'm withdrawing $10,000 I can hear me
out and this money is going straight
into that new Bitcoin thing okay it's
not gonna go into Bitcoin exactly it's
gonna go into the other coins but I'm
gonna keep you guys updated on how much
money I make okay so the thing is I have
a limit on my account so I can only take
10k out a day so right now we're
quitting to get tanki out the bank and
I'm gonna invest three or hey if it goes
up the first day I'm gonna put in
another 10k if it goes up the next day
I'm gonna put in another tration
somebody so before we draw the money
from my account here's something really
cool they having to buy which I'm pretty
sure they don't have anywhere else okay
so I'm about to withdraw some money okay
but over here we have drive-through ATM
literally guys so right now if you can
see this is an ATM over here and I'm
driving through and you just put your
card in there so it's like I don't know
if you guys have this in other countries
but I think this is super super cool so
yeah I'm quickly about to withdraw some
money but I just thought of sharing that
cuz I'm pretty sure nowhere in the world
has that but you're not devised pretty
safe so when we want money we just drive
this up all you do is you just pop your
card in put your details and yeah
alright I'll see you after I get my
money I just Matt let me know is that
cool is that not quite that's pretty
cool to me
listen guys here is the pig okay guys we
are almost in 2018 right now mister 2017
is almost done and I actually want to
sit down and make a plan with you guys
okay
2018 I want it to be a big big year in
Kay 2017 was crazy it was probably one
of the best years of my life honestly
I'm just super excited to get into 2018
because I feel like whatever a new year
starts you can start fresh
so if any of you had a bad here this
year listen 2017 done I will wrap up
today's blog on that no make 2018 a
better year and let me know what your
plans are okay I love you guys all don't
forget the star of 2018 make sure to
subscribe to the channel and maybe win a
free iPhone X but for now I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah
