yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so quickly heading out
to breakfast right now the morning view
is absolutely amazing look at that guy's
crazy crazy stuff we need to go have
breakfast now you guys can probably see
I'm super sleepy like just woke up
quickly to shower time to go eat let's
see I don't even know where we have to
go so let's go figure it out time for
breakfast time for breakfast
let's go have some my first I guess the
mornings is when they clean the rooms
guys you can see a ton of cleaning
service is coming Wow I feel so sleepy
we've literally got 10 minutes until the
breakfast closes so we're running to
make it alright so you finally found
where the breakfast guys it's right
under that big chandelier guys so all of
the confusion is finally found by the
way this is actually a poky stop guys
like I can come here every morning to
get myself some pokeballs you know
and it is let's go see what's up
breakfast better be poppin y'all Wow in
busy in the breakfast area guy it just
looks like everybody's in love with it
is that well it better be poppin y'all
check it out guys first up this morning
is Lana's fresh juice look at that they
even have carrot Wow I want a pineapple
like Kimmy can I just have a pineapple
oh you're at making a little cocktail
out of it
look at that I never knew they could mix
it oh my god they got strawberry milk we
definitely need some strawberry milk in
our life guys your turn
nice one of my favorite things guys they
actually cook eggs right in front of you
check it out
they've got like a little egg bakery
over here I never knew they have these
they're hard boiled eggs are here look
at that that is absolutely crazy I'm not
a huge fan that's why I'm saying that
like people eat this in the morning
damn I think my egg was just made guys
thank you so much this is mine all right
thank you oh my God look at this guy's
fresh honey my sister loves this stuff
but you know I'm not a huge honey fan so
chocolate nut Stella boys okay we're
gonna put some on my crap over here oh
okay by the way guys I just met two of
my biggest fans what's up what's up they
watch the videos and you know how you
breakfast with me today what did you
guys get yet another that's a smart
decision guys
and it also me as peace so we just
finished up at breakfast as you can see
oh wait they do free honey guys yo no no
joke this is exactly what my grandma
would do should just put them in a
rocketship light up that next one okay
this is going in my pocket guys our neck
next next one this is going in my pocket
two guys all right you know what let's
walk out like this guys nothing much we
just we just took a couple of jams we
just took another Jam but I did look at
it I saw everyday what is leaking in my
pocket one of them is leaking - please
wait Fiamma grab this grab this luggage
in the mornings you can see it properly
guys what I meant about the view look
there's people there's a Pokemon yo look
at what we stole from breakfast guys we
stole a banana
we stole jam and what the why who took
the banana that's just like very cheap
come on man one banana let's go let's go
fresh views up - bye Wow
waking up to this view every day you
didn't even look at our balcony did you
hello people on the boat
I hope you can see me Oh what did you do
you tripped up make sure you're smiling
if you're watching the vlog right now
there yeah nice and happy I'm heading
out to the sample now I'll catch you
guys over there peace out let's go Oh
mommy you put the lock feature on like
what the hell
there's no robbers over here hey a
literary envoy is back at the swimming
pool all right guys time to go swimming
let's go with my boy now are you ready
let's do this
oh I jump this jump in three two one go
okay so I just finished up with the
sitting boys and we're actually going to
take a buggy to get a little bit closer
to the boards alarm which is over there
for some nice views and stuff like that
all right buggy is here guys let's go
guys we're actually right under the
bridge for the Borja larb this is the
bridge that you pass over by a car
that's crazy and now we're just heading
over to the beach we just came oh you
watch your life hey what's up that you
took a buggy all the way over here
because we wanted to come have a view of
the board Arab and check it out look at
the view you have over here guys that is
absolutely insane this is what you call
holiday life boys nice and easy
whoa yo check this out guys the pathway
towards the beach there's a lot of these
things on the floor it looks like their
hats which have been flattened but I
don't think it's falling off anybody's
head because it's like a lot of them and
they kind of make this trail on the
floor do you see that it's like a trail
telling you where the beaches look how
close through are to the border layer of
guys it's actually like thick I think
this is the closest you can get without
actually big what happened sure yeah how
big was it because we just make your way
back with the buggy
oh that's are they done over here boys
we're gonna quickly go pack up
everything and leave it was a good
little one and a half day holiday and
here we're gonna head back home now with
the cats Lana as she went this morning
and she fed them and then came back so
they were fine don't worry about that
guys
aye sir I'm discovering places in this
hotel I've not been to before they were
so many little caves and curves and
stuff like that but it's actually a huge
hotel guys like I've never stayed here
or anything but once you check it out
from the outside like its massive its I
imagine if this whole thing was your
house I okay you're dreaming more okay
back to reality major yeah well it I'd
be crazy right having like the most
enormous palace ever
goodbye amazing place goodbye to the
beautiful scenery late there's also
boats going down there imagine doing
like a James Bond jumping on top of that
I I reckon I easily good guys like its
cloth on the top so you could easily
just hold on okay we're all heading out
now boys as you can see the bags are
getting packed onto one of these things
these are so easy to carry bags and guys
check that out
Oh Hulk mode I love these things so much
anyways for putting with the bags here
it go into the Concorde I can I believe
that and yet they're working what
anyways yeah we're just getting all the
things to the car and I'm actually going
to the border collie for today as well I
think so anyways we're just about to
leave this place guys and check out the
lineup over here you got a white rock
damaged a gorgeous s-class of a
rolls-royce over here it's a very very
unique color in a rolls-royce I love it
and then another rolls-royce Wow alright
time to go that has time to go he's
inside I think so much fun today on we
caught you if don't like a really long
time guys you're doing yourself by the
pool relaxing that was really good
saying goodbye to our friends hey guys
what's up it's good to be back have you
guys missed us mmm
this guy definitely has not missed me
liquor he's never looking at me at least
a high today I can't not know what let
he's super grumpy with these that he's
not even looking at me look at nice such
a rebel he keeps ignoring me anyways I
love you you keep ignoring me all you
want but you know I'm staying with you
I'm super late I'm heading out to go see
my friend now and we're gonna go to the
board Khalifa let's go
peace out bye bye I'm really really late
right now guys so yeah so I just made it
over to the Burj Khalifa and I actually
didn't tell you guys why I was coming
over so you guys saw about we could go
we met sigan and who my buddy moe
actually have been getting a lot quite
well after he did that video you know
and we showed the whole garage and
everything and I'm not sure I'm just
handing it right now but I'm pretty sure
most said that he's staying at his
apartment because like you gave it to
him for the weekend or something but
let's go see it right here so here all
right let's see let's ring the bell
there's a lot of music in there guys is
he having a party in there or what yo
what up buddy
don't mind what you do is it just you to
go over bro dance is always good Wow hey
the course I can skip as you can see ah
did you take the rope oh did you come
with them yeah yo job that's crazy is
that what are you playing were you doing
Tetris
suck nerds like my third time Lucy I
thought maybe it's Pokemon you know
maybe you're on that Pokemon grind nah
bro so basically you just kind of give
me his key he's a kid and even gave me
his pretty black Bishop I guess we all
know he's quiet he's at his other house
arm I guess some people come in there so
there's some big people so can we go on
a shopping spree no cuz I had to pay
these cleaners ah 1000 dirham rotating
windows so here check the to clean no
way one more through what were they
clean you in gold I know bro they come
they hang o outside windows do yo you
should have had to be blogging that
they're outside and you can see another
earlier today when they just hung off
ready sky baby you know we're like 12
just hanging like money no way crazy
that is so crazy and then look it's just
always been Wow
anyways that is absolutely insane guys
of you just get the chill over here mmm
oh
yo I was like is that is there a
part you go I could hear the music for
about outside way I swear damn it was a
loud or anything but like you could
still like once you're next to the door
you could hear it you know
take care can we play some games I what
does he what does he have here like what
is that Nintendo can you get this
working you know while we're here let me
actually say something guys the last
time we were here in the conversation I
saw so many people going off like if
it's a billionaire why zone your one
bedroom guys first of all it's actually
not a one bedroom guys like I'm not sure
how you guys live yeah actually goes all
the way around and there's like bedrooms
over there I won't show you that because
I think that's their personal bedrooms
but there's a guest bedroom over here
which has a really nice view because
last time we're actually checking out
the fountain from here so look at wait
mo are you sleeping in here like what is
the matter oh yes here the here is the
thing Mo's been chillin here like we
check I'm not sure if I think I showed
you the space yesterday but let me you
know more how to do the lights how do
you turn them off I want to show them
the incredible view give me as if I live
here brothers like I live here but I
don't love you not yet at least
I turn everything off done ah look at
that guys
that is so crazy turned off now but when
their own Hurley goes yeah it's right
over there if you guys can see it that's
where the fountain is so you get to see
the whole show from here anyways mimmo
are just gonna sit down this let's yeah
I haven't had my Nintendo 64 in a while
let's sell one of these games guys and
play yoco to see God what does he go
Elberon by all kick-ass he like that
Mario Kart oh man
I remember these games bro one more
thing I have to mention guys my boy Moe
was blowing your lost time and I still
comments roasting for that guys you have
to do that to make the games yes come on
if you don't know about that that means
you're a little bit too young yeah guys
like yes you missus drunk was in the day
worries even with all my especially
golden eggs I plated so much so I have
VI used to watch my playstation 2 CD
hooper smash bros I will kill you I am
that's it let's do this little dance
boys we're just gonna chill here since
we do have it well I don't have it Moe
has it but you know I'm just gonna just
be a plus-one for the weekend adventure
with a trooper weekend Kripalu yeah
old-school in bed oh this goes back so
much it's so pixelated it's not even HD
I think this was like yo s game in the
world
is that me okay I have no idea how to
play this game guys and he's just
abusing my character like literally I
can't remember this game guys at all I
look at mall he's a guy at the bottom
he's just like running around with all
these machines and sunlit look at him oh
there you go you just okay you know what
I quit bro
anyways guys we're gonna head out of
here for now Saiga hello uh yeah man all
good just uh
chillin man playing some game boy walk
vlogs just came over he said I'm sick he
says what's up it's chillin the cleaners
they came to clean the windows I paid
them but I actually I went on a little
shopping spree as well with with your
card I hope you don't mind
no I'm just kidding alright cool man he
loves everything I'm like good I'm not
chillin in your role I haven't just
completely taken over first I love the
tie you're like I bought something
that's again you don't care I should be
gonna do it he only gave these black
cards or to pay with something bro you
know this feels black art is my boy do
you know what about quarters I thought I
heard you can spend a lot of money I'm
in my ear unlimited unlimited credit
number one
yeah I'm where to I think is it like you
have to spend the moon
yeah a year team you have to is titanium
I think it is made as the hardest no
it's actually titanium I just said that
happiest option if they think of
employment we're gonna head out to eat
and then gonna go straight home might
just do a takeaway not too sure hello
thank you so much changed up into some
appropriate clothing yeah boy so we
didn't end up finding any takeaway
places at this time of night guys it's
like to a it's hot sauce to actually so
go make yourself some egg man see you
soon buddy and yeah peace out peace out
to the yo-yo school I love for two
dollars I just got home guys and it's
super late and I actually just spent the
last one hour setting up my t-shirt so
if you guys saw I announced I was doing
the mow block shirts again and I'm a
complete idiot so in the blog I said oh
guys top of the description is going to
be a link to my shirts and I completely
forgot to even set it up let alone put
the link so I spend the last hour
setting up the shirt so yes there will
be a link at the top of the description
you can get either a black mole block
sure or white and I think if you get
both you get like a discount like three
dollars if I'm not mistaken but yeah
check it out if you guys won't wander up
for 10 days only I know I hate the time
limit but yeah if you want one get it
within these ten days and yeah anyways
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here if
you guys haven't already subscribed make
sure you do so I was checking my stats
and half of you guys have not pressed
that button so what press that red
button in the corner so you guys know
I'm making videos on a daily basis and
your joy side stay awesome I love you
all Yolo Yolo bye I need to go to pen
down let's go
