yo everyone good morning awoken to hit
another vlog today we're actually gonna
go on holiday guys it's a one-day
holiday it's okay it's not really a
hunting you guys they're actually gonna
go over to a hotel we're staying there
for the night with our friends so that's
kind of holiday right is basically a
holiday we get to enjoy the swim pool we
enjoy it's gonna be fun guys so we're
all packed up as you can see where
there's one day you forget something
these are my new ones I got in the fan
mail yesterday all right go get your
sunglasses and I'll see you downstairs
but yeah we're gonna go meet up with our
friends over there have a cool night
over there just chill you know enjoy the
same pool enjoy the room-service
everything like that and yeah it should
generally be fun anyways we've packed
like I can look at this guy's
my sister packed a suitcase for one day
it's like one that you think we're
leaving the country but no funny story
this morning I was trying to get a cool
picture for my unsuitable Cup and this
is what happened guys that cup is
actually very unreliable like the first
day was going fairly good and from then
it's just been getting worse and worse
and worse and it just messes everywhere
up when I test it so don't play with
that Cup at home guys omni is ready you
ready to go you look like you're going
somewhere very fancy
I'm never like you're not going like the
way you've done your hair is just
hilarious all right it's good to go
check it out boys we just made it over
here you guys should know this place
very well my mo Eden
don't worry there's gonna be toothbrush
in their mommy
anyways let's head in guys yeah look at
her guys she's too embarrassed to carry
our own suitcase why you Mary tell me no
why why Allah yeah one night and you
have a whole bag okay we get it done and
instead of that that I die okay boy so
checking is just been completed and look
at this boy god damn this is beautiful
anyways we're gonna go put the bags in
change up to go for the pool while the
Sun is still out huh see look at that
y'all look at the view you get from up
here guys so the room is somewhere up
here and you can see all the way down
here this cloth right let's go see where
we need to our bags oh my god guys so I
just changed my shirt in my room and
came out and look at the ridiculous view
this face looks absolutely gorgeous i'ma
my boy Noah what's up what's up know
what do we have down there let the vlog
know there is real life there's actually
turtles and fishies down there in that
water guys and I mean like you know the
massive ones etiqueta is that shark
there's no sharks down there but it's
insane we're gonna head down for now go
enjoy the views weather is on point
right now just go boy you guys ready
let's go let's go come on let's go
inside everybody inside one two three
four by the way this is the room guys
check it out it looks absolutely
beautiful you ready to go come on man
stop checking the safe it's locked don't
worry him our boys that is Lana's outfit
for today she's gone really holiday mode
like she's got fully Hollywood but I'm
heading out cuz I don't want the Sun to
go down so yeah come on people let's go
let's go let's go hey there's the door
by the way huge thing in this it weighs
so much guys one of my favorite things
about like hotels
there's just the whole like the hallways
all that that is good and that is a good
thing right
it looks beautiful expensive because
there's many cool it's very hot
yeah that's a great reason as you guys
saw when I was entering I love this
hallway
it looks so crazy I looked down there
you can see all the palm trees and stuff
it was on the panel I actually did a
really nice thank you
oh my god the view just keeps getting
better and better today we just came
outside and look at that tree right in
front of you Wow it is a ridiculous view
man I don't want to drop my camera in
the water but shake it oh I'm trying to
spot some turtles because they're like
massive massive turtles in the water
over here knuckle on up there she's
snapping away come on
this place is some massive business like
a couple Virginia it is definitely time
for highs we're gonna try the beach out
if you guys remember I think it was
about eight months ago we came to this
like really fancy restaurant I heard you
say you too well yeah we came to this
really fancy restaurant and that is
actually the restaurant we went to that
one that you see right over there but on
the right you have a nice view of the
Bordeaux Arab and no are we about to go
swimming you don't like the ocean I'm
scared of the ocean too guys so I
quickly went swimming for about like 10
20 minutes the war is super super cold
light it's good like not like a bad code
it's like really nice because the
weather spared your heart and you jump
in the pool and it's like so refreshing
anyways I thought while I'm here there
may be different pokemons at the beach
so we're Leo Pokemon I'm saying okay you
know what no more swimming pool let's go
see if we can find any rare Pokemon okay
you know I completely gave up with
Pokemon guys like the servers are just
super weird and glitchy and they don't
work so we're gonna do a little hotel
tour for you guys wow this place is
absolutely crazy gorgeous look guys
there's even boats over here we can
literally hijack this well okay I can
never ever find the right words there's
no way this is rare
there's no girls right
hey that music though the detector I
love that music I don't know where we've
come guys you look like you've come to a
restaurant this is a pretty fancy
restaurant I didn't mean turell's like
an e I have met Turtles to look at hi
guys don't worry we are on the right
path the turtles are on the right oh I
hope we can see them thank you so much
they are absolutely massive guys like do
you see that there's like one where you
can just about see
Oh forgive ahead Zack now I think it's
much better if you come in like day
daytime which I will do maybe but for
now let's head back to our gorgeous room
we're doing like hotel touring today for
you guys
Oh fancy ah no these turtles are pretty
powerful wait what is that they've got
like oh my god they've got like antennas
and everything I think they tracked them
wow that is crazy they let them go in
the ocean and track them the turtles
swim like all the way from Dubai -
where's it going
Thailand anyways you got like a really
nice view of the board live from here
like we're right next to it look at that
it's like right next to us just there
buggy adventures continue let's go mommy
ready whoo
but by board you learn I got that arm oh
look at that view
it's crazy
Donna nananana nanana nanana nananana
Batman Batman are you guys ready to see
the serene pool at night I look so cool
all the lights are there nothing there
and it just looks totally different from
the morning so I'm gonna go upstairs now
and finally relax you know it's really
really funny on my pokemon game there is
literally no joke - turtle looking
Pokemon near meal I don't know what they
are
let me show you I see look at that guy's
these two look like little turtles and
that is absolutely hilarious they must
be somewhere in the water over here like
I mean Turtles
where else could they be yo look at that
guys there's like so many birds mommy
why why you scared them away welcome to
my guys
here we are back at our permit take that
open yeah buddy yeah buddy look at this
whoo nice and cold let's check what's in
here guys oh we have ice oh my god
you know let's put some water in there
there we go guys now they're gonna be
nice and cold I want to eat one is all I
like eating ice cubes I think it's so
refreshing I like a hamster saying this
but but this it doesn't taste like
anything which is refreshing in a hot
country okay so now that we're back in
the room let me show you it properly
because I was trying to get out in the
morning while the Sun was still out but
check it out here it is I love this
place where the TV is it just looks
super cool but the most important part
about any hotel room guys any hotel room
is the bathroom and that is what I need
to show you so pretty fancy in here
pretty fancy
you got your boy mole Logs with what up
guys hey what's up what's up and look at
the vault like this is the funniest part
like it looks like a telephone you know
the old and a telephone guys like that
sort this looks like so I'm gonna close
that up I'm not locking my drawer
whenever I go anyway I don't want
anybody playing games with me and then
here no no you just there's no lock on
the door you just have to look at
yourself and hope that nobody opens the
door on you so yeah you come here make
sure you trust the person in the room or
they can easily prank you oh one more
thing I completely forgot to do guys
let's check that everything is still in
the safe like I'm somebody I always get
super conscious about okay hopefully
nobody touches the savings I'll tell you
know nobody does but I should check okay
all right boys okay yes nobody took my
Louie Vuitton glasses mommy
nobody they're still here they are still
here wait my my what are you doing you
turned off the lights
hi let's see what else we have here okay
my laptop's still here wait a second
guys
wait a second this this isn't mine bye
somebody left an Audemars Piguet torch
here that's like 30 thousand dollars
no way guys
holy moly what do I do no what do i do
guys there is you guys no watches this
is like more expensive than a Rolex
holy moly okay I need to call room
service like what what do you do about
this this is the LeBron James edition oh
my god I I really want to keep this
mommy does that make it stealing
okay guys I'm completely joking that's
our friends but it is a beautiful watch
something I really like about this watch
first of all I just like the look of
these watches I like how it has this
octagon shape to it but secondly the
open face you can kind of see the
movement from the back you see that guys
that is one of my favorite features
about these watches which is really
really cool so we've been here for a
good couple of hours my sister took a
shower I took a shower and we just
realized my sister told me actually the
lights over here are hanging lights like
look at this thing I can actually swing
it left and right look at that
oh doesn't hit anything right that is
crazy
so I actually found a Machamp for the
first time y'all yes we got it
well I think you're should be closed
come on go away wait let me see what
level this is guys this is actually my
first time getting a Machamp o CP off a
hundred guys yo I found a psycho duck
guys and this is actually a pretty
strong Pokemon whoa another one yeah so
we're actually taking one of those boats
that you guys saw in the morning we're
just gonna go around check out the views
with it and yet do that type of stuff
ready yeah
let's go I think everybody is boarding
the boat now let's go on a little
adventure look at this guy's Oh watch my
step let's watch my step oh we're on the
war at the moment that is the view
ridiculous
yo so this is actually where we came
from this morning guys
so that's where we're looking from the
weather's pretty chill at night like
it's not too bad yeah when you're on the
border
or imagine there's piranhas in here and
we're on the war what a better
imagination we just made it over here to
the parking didja to death if you mind
we're actually heading off home right
now and the reason is we're gonna go
quickly check up on the cats like don't
worry we did the standard procedure we
left them a bunch of food and a bunch of
water but we want to just check up on
them see how they're doing put some
fresh fruit fresh fruit
I mean fresh food out again for them and
yet then we'll come back over here to
sleep for the night we just made it home
guys and think the cats are upstairs
sleeping you think they're sleepy no
they're not sleeping guys look at that
look at her head
another oval I want to show you one
Pokemon that cool and I didn't show you
guys because we're having dinner and it
popped up randomly so I didn't want to
miss it but this is one of my childhood
favorites guys I got a poliwag do you
guys remember this thing look at her you
must remember if you guys made Pokemon
like that is adorable like my boy
bubbles actually came downstairs to say
hi and they love fresh food is a nice
head but the camera yeah that's that's
his way of saying hello to everybody
guys i legit started playing with
bubbles and he just caught up my hand
this is what his play fighting does like
look at my hand three cuts like his nail
got stuck in my hand you see that's
simply fighting with me right now I let
you see him I'm leaving in a play fight
because he's gonna scratch my hand up
but look at him you see that adorable
guy right there can do that to your hand
all right what up buddy what up
all right back out we go boys it's super
late now we're gonna head back to our
room now to go to sleep and yet more
morning the best part about staying at
any places we're gonna go have a full
breakfast like a full out you know great
I don't know how I was gonna explain
that any differently like you know we're
four for three don't worry guys but by
the time this video is out we're not
here anymore it's on you one night or
else I wouldn't say it that open mucus
you know sometimes you get that then
people just like oh wait Botox is in
this room okay we're gonna go annoy him
hi so we're just gonna quickly go shower
up and sleep and yeah I I don't even
have the doric you by the way guys I
didn't know when it says do not disturb
you can't even ring like it doesn't make
a noise I thought it's just so people
don't knock anyways guys I'm gonna wrap
up today's lucky I hope you have enjoyed
one day away from home this place feels
so different you know but yes they also
everybody I love you all I'm gonna go to
bed you know one thing that's really
cool I looked up and I saw that and if
you guys can't see it it's actually
pointing in the direction of fabula
which is the way you pray which is
really cool like literally my mom has
been searching for that the whole day
and she was like you found it to be an
ally yeah it's right there above where
you sleep anyway also everybody loved
you all catch gasps two more for some
awesome breakfast and I think we're here
in the hotel for like half of the day at
least before we go home so yeah we can
still go swimming and stuff maybe I'll
see you tomorrow morning I'll try and
actually vlog it for you guys instead of
forgetting to anyways peace out stay
awesome Yolo good bye
