yo guys what is up welcome to another
vlog so if you guys Connor in detail
we're outside in our garden and this
place looks dead as hell I'm just going
to be straight out honest our garden
looks awful like oh the grass is dying
we do feed it there's literally
automatic sprinklers but that's besides
the point guys anyways today we actually
have a little challenge for you guys so
I've seen this challenge going around
eating black ice cream yeah I did tell
you basically there's these like unique
ice cream flavors now that you know what
let me buy some so I couldn't find black
ice cream but I found haha Burpo ice
cream oh I'm glad your birth oh look at
the name of the ice cream you you you
but I don't know what you mean we also
have black yogurt which is pretty much
black ice cream so let's try these out
guys it's black it looks black on the
box I mean it's got color jammy like it
doesn't burn in on a moment it does yeah
alright let's check this out guys I've
never seen if this is not black I'm
getting a refund
are you sure why is it black on the box
then if it's not gonna be black inside
be any color container it doesn't mean
it inside right if this is not black I'm
gonna be so disappointed
I don't know yogurt does not come in
like actually this was quite misleading
there's like a um okay I'm suing that
brand I'm suing you got I'm suing you
guys I'm coming off so we're completely
changing the name of this video guys
we're doing purple ice cream we
completely failed in that black one but
yeah if this is not purple I'm literally
going to kill myself
all right moment of truth guys if this
is not purple that is nice you can't
smell me
it has to have some source smell okay
what do we do next okay so we're gonna
do the purple ice cream taste test your
phone is ringing
we're gonna take a nice big scoop of
that purple ice cream I hope it tastes
nice if it doesn't that was like kind of
pointless
whoa do you realize the color of the ice
cream
it looks so crazy motor truth let's the
other states I said my sister said it
doesn't smell like anything I get three
two one let's do this
what is this
I don't knowbut exits it's not wood it
doesn't taste bad but it doesn't really
have a take in actually days I would you
are completely and tastes like grass at
home it's interesting it's different
it's interesting to say that it feel
purple tastes like that it literally
doesn't have any taste I could refer to
it I need to google what this is I've no
idea what we're tasting guys okay this
is probably really bad for the inside of
my body yeah it was adorable
it's made from purple yam is a species
of what wait species where's that what
no no no no no that cannot be why that
is it's oh it's a vegetable guys it's a
vegetable so this is good for me yeah
look like okay well that's the ice cream
we're having guys per queer yo way look
about a little my tongue anyways
actually no a bad start to a day I like
this challenge I was interested in a
root vegetable a root vegetables
then okay don't show me that that's
disgusting
no get the hell out of here listen when
they cut it in the middle it looks like
purple that literally just look like
poop well I shall leave it's a route
would you like routes are all the same
shape look anyways
Bon Appetit guys um yeah it's okay it's
okay not that do you like we got proper
images there you go that this came from
a leaf I knew it was grass the more you
eat the more delicious it gets you think
we did tell you that this matches the
car yeah tell me if I'm wrong oh okay
our phones ringing again you literally
been contacting our cooler service the
whole day like you know our telephone
service and every time they've cooled us
we miss the cool which is really bad
anyways this is melting onto my hand
guys I'm gonna go inside enjoy the rest
of my ice cream but I had to come
outside just to get a picture with this
car and the ice cream
it's okay it's okay I'm actually kind of
getting used to it now what just
happened okay so basically I had a call
from like the post office oh is it the
posters I thought was your telephone
provider no it's not the post
and they're asking there's a shipment
that I was like okay and it doesn't have
a parent didn't have the pure box notice
the person who sent it didn't put the
full address in each book man yeah how's
that okay so what do I need and then
they're like wait are you Lana
from Lord oh yeah it's Evan regards to
mommy mom Lally all hope and that's like
the fudge is hitting guys you know I
know it's a hard thing now no I'm sure
like hundreds of longing tip yeah
cuz these guys is so y'all I don't know
that's the best is so funny when you
cool something and they actually
recognize you from the phone you're like
she said are you not up from I was like
she cook she got me she got me oh I love
you guys he's a big fun so shout out to
you from the post of it was her name
look you back home anyway this could you
the rest of the day guys purple ice
cream was purple I mean and that's what
I could say no smell no taste it taste
it taste I keep going to keep going you
just yeah you have to keep on tasting it
you don't know some homies I just start
in the beginnings hard but then you like
liked it more and more you just compared
ice cream to a hobby what the hell are
you talking about right now I'm actually
in my room guys and I just have to say
I'm sorry for the messiness I just I
hate cleaning guys but I'm actually
heading out because I want to buy myself
like a shoe cabinet because if you guys
don't already I've been buying a cup of
the shoes over the past couple of weeks
and I don't already have anywhere to put
them except my cabinet and I'm saying
that because I actually got so many
comments saying more went and returned
his shoes cuz if you guys didn't know
like on the first day when the Jordans
store open gr pour a couple of shoes and
a lot of people said I went and returned
them straight away that's not the case
guys it's actually all in my closet like
at the top but I just don't
nowhere to put them so it's just never
in the vlogs I I'm not going to vlog me
showing you the top of my cabinet so
we're gonna go out try and find like a
cool little display so I can actually
put them out instead of just leaving
them there because it's kind of boring
like boring being at the top of my
cabinet and that way we can see all of
the shoes you know I've realized you
guys have not heard my car for a while
listen up
oh I just want to let you know this car
has not lost his power guys and we just
made it over to Ikea guys and my mum
said I should get something like this
where it's like a proper cabinet where
you put your shoes in but I don't know
man all the sneaker channels that I
watch they just have those like plastic
containers this seems more like a girl's
closet you know it looks like a proper
cell why is it always that there's
babies crying and IKEA I just have never
come to this place without hearing
babies crying and it is still looking
around haven't found too much I found if
you hear that I found a couple cabinets
my mom wants me to get something like
this like a proper cabinet but I don't
know like I just wanted to look cool so
I'm gonna keep looking around see what I
can find
god damn these babies are so loud and
you guys know what the funniest thing is
about is bass they name it they
literally put names on their furniture
what the hell who the hell is Alex
god damn okay guys so check it out I
found a bunch of storage containers I
was gonna get this but now that I think
about it I don't think he'll look good
like the ones I wanted online they're
like bigger first of all and they have
like a flap so you don't need to like
take them out from under each other the
flap just opens and you can pull the
shoes out so I'm just going to wait to
find the proper ones we were also
looking at these things look at these I
like these shoes shelves that they have
over here these plastic ones but they
just don't look good enough they don't
look good enough guys I want something
that is really really nice okay whenever
actually cool things like this I just
love to play with them guys whoa look at
that hello that was another failed day
guys over here actually one thing I want
to check before we leave is if they've
stocked up on the bean bags last time I
came they didn't have anything in stock
so let's go check the warehouse moment
of truth guys let's see do they have the
bean bags wait what the hell they've
completely removed them they have no bee
bags okay they have these but these are
not the circular ones these are like
these big bean bags he's gonna kill
somebody
he's gonna kill something anyway but I
used to do that as a kid all the time I
used to run and jump onto the car okay
oh my god I kid this really kills only
anyways the kid is still going although
we didn't buy anything guys the best
part about IKEA is they're two dollar
hot dogs literally two dollars you get a
hot dog and a drink that's the best two
dollars I ever spent
never forget guys it isn't a hot dog
without some ketchup a lot of ketchup a
lot of ketchup okay I think I'll go for
a Fanta this literally cost me two
dollars
I'm happy let's go eat you won't even
believe it guys it was so busy in Ikea
so busy we couldn't even sit down to eat
we've literally just taking our food out
we're gonna try and get into their
Starbucks across the coffee and just
sneak the food in we're gonna obviously
we're gonna buy like a coffee or
something
we're gonna try and eat our hotdog there
that's what you call life packs guys if
you can't find seats in a restaurant do
a takeaway and E is somewhere else where
there is seats okay if you get cool it's
not my problem I got Oh Kelly I was just
saying what I do okay Oh
my god okay y'all we completely failed
guys they've made it a little storage
place oh it's closed gonna inside ah
our renovation okay thank you look at
our luck so if you guys don't know how
this place used to work this whole
section is supposed to because the
coffee but they're doing renovation so
they've done is put like a little stand
outside it there's always a plan B you
guys can just bring the food in your car
and eat here when you're hungry you just
have to make do with what you can get
guys I it's really nice I don't know if
it's me being a guide or this is just
weird but I don't understand what type
of fashion this is guys the girl does
not have an eyebrow what the hell is
that okay just cool me unfashionable or
whatever I don't care what type of
artistic vision people have when they
have no eyebrow at all it looks in my
opinion freaky let alone putting that as
an advertisement for something I don't
know maybe it's me I'm a guy I don't
understand girl language to be honest
check this place out guys they've got
like a camel statue and a person holding
it that is really cool I saw somebody
take your photos I wait there my camel
indoors and I realize it's like a statue
we finally found the exit guys and the
reason we're going out over here they've
got like a lake type thing going on
mommy are you sure that's the door yeah
I don't think that's the door mommy I
think this is the door oh yeah guys
outside outside eeeh they've got like
water and you know what's really cool
one of my friends they owned a yacht
here so when we would come every weekend
here we would go on there y'all play
playstation I can't mommy I'm sure this
is the wrong exit yes where are the
yachts there should be a yacht parking
we're supposed to be over there on that
side I don't know if we're in the right
place
or they've changed it y'all
okay look at this what that is so cool
they've got like a little would you go
that and ice cream sundae is that is our
you call vegan it this is for vegan
people that like ice cream guys what the
hell is this what this is a seven D
cinema are we allowed to be in here
mommy I don't think we're allowed to be
in here okay I'm leaving
what is a seven D June cinema I'm pretty
sure if there's nobody in here we're not
supposed to be in here moral of the
story is check online before you come
somewhere we drove half an hour the only
thing I had was a hot dog here just a
hot an hour drive for a $2.00 hot dog
okay we just found the coolest place to
put my shoes guys
you thought see-through boxes was cool
look at this oh my god this is what a
car shoe storage space looks like
goddamn Wow
oh my god yeah we need to buy a car for
my shoes guys it literally even has a
number plate on it it says 1991 okay I
really really want myself a milkshake
guys I call I we had this free voucher
at Hagan - we walked around for like 25
minutes trying to find it and we still
couldn't find it so you know what I'm
just gonna go buy myself a milkshake I
swear every person we all said it's all
the way at the end of the mall it's
always a done but I was like we kept on
walking around
on and we couldn't find this so we just
called it quit quickly went to get my
milkshake let's see how to say skies
that is nice I want to take this note
shake where my mom is having her tea but
I'm not sure if they'll let me so I
reckon if I put it in my pocket which is
gonna be a hard toss because it's a big
milkshake
I think they'll let me in okay all right
so that is what you call a milkshake in
your pocket guys mommy mode is
distracted her guys maybe I can go in
I got my milkshake smuggled inside here
this is how you know it's late right now
guys when they turn up the war for this
mountain that means bye-bye go home good
night we don't want you in the mall
anymore I don't know why I love looking
at like property development guys look
oh my god right now we're in the streets
of the my guys this is like drone
footage right here oh my god I'm sorry
guys I literally destroyed a beautiful
car in the parking and I had to stop
look at this this is no ordinary
hurricane
this is gone the lights of the eyes you
know the eye lights that's crazy
okay I think I can go home now I knew I
was gonna smell a really cool car today
and there is mommy's allah yeah
I love my mom's delayed response as my
mom you saw that yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah definitely
five minutes later yeah we are now home
and I thought wrap up today's vlog by
showing you a sneak peek of my sister's
new video the reason I'm actually
showing you this guys because for the
longest time ever you guys said record
lot of doing a painting and time lapses
so we did it we did it on my sheet I
might just it's not easy by the way it
took a long time yet you see how much
like boss forwarding it to again oh my
god
okay the the best part about this video
of me going through life blind business
all in one painting guy she changed your
hair another four times while his pain
was getting on you not every time I got
a new hair girl
yeah I got you recommend it makes lots
of me reco touch your attendance there's
no any hair colors in this video by the
way shout out to Lana Rose she wanted a
shout out so her link is in the
description we don't give free shots
around here but because she is my sister
fine they're your shout out to Lana Rose
let's watch this if this is bad I'm
unsubscribing from your channel let's go
play the damn video whoa
that's actually really cool oh there's
blonde Lana guys so this video started
about a year ago color come up one
second it's gonna come when I start
coloring there okay okay not bad
wait this is still on still blonde
Oh dad she changed that quick come on
next one we can see third color
god damn and that is where the video
wraps up do you know there is a couple
of bloopers I wasn't sure about putting
it in because like I felt the vide was
as like long like as possible so I just
thought I'll cut it short I don't know
whether I should put it in your vlog
what is it hold what you do know that I
was trying to introduce the video in a
video so I was gonna like wrap it up and
say yo this is my painting in the end
and I just couldn't get it right every
time I spoke it just came out wrong oh
yeah let's hear it that's all oh wait
one second we're gonna open iMovie money
I got using out it if you didn't know my
sister spasticated I wrapping up vlog
today oh my babies
shout out to Lana Rose there you go guys
if you don't if you don't already know
her she's somebody that's in the blogs
already so yeah go check her her makeup
and the art channel now it's kind of now
there's a new topic something
interesting going on so maybe we can
expect more stuff to come yeah my mom
emos channel there's no shouts for that
guys that that des no shadows my mommy
mode no never
sorry big Chalobah I should never have
had in the future she's planning it yeah
yeah that cooking
Cooking Channel was a 50/50 ownership
it's love cooking with moe it's good oh
yeah oh yeah she told me to David you
see it as where you guys are gonna wrap
up today's vlog here I love you oh by
the way lost I'm telling you this
because tomorrow I'm gonna announce the
giveaway winners to the camera and the
GoPro also let me know what else you
want me to take your way next the only
rule for this giveaway as I've mentioned
for the past couple of weeks is to be
subscribed it's the last time you can do
it before me announcing the winners or
tomorrow I'm gonna pick a random
subscriber or two random subscribers to
give these cameras do anyways stay
awesome love you all don't forget to
subscribe if you want to be in don't
tell me I didn't tell you the rules guys
but yeah love you'll yell Yolo bye
good luck everybody good luck boom
