yo yo everyone welcome to another video
so I've seen a lot of people think that
that are pok√©mon master recently but
you guys are not the Pokemon master
today me and my sister are gonna head
out in the streets of Dubai and we're
gonna show you guys who the real Pokemon
masters are kay we're gonna show you who
can catch them all okay and yeah without
further ado let's go I wanna be the very
best no one ever was catch them is my
real test to train them is
I'm going
so you guys thought we were just messing
around didn't you no no no we are
actually the Pokemon King so if you guys
are true Pokemon can you know the best
way to be the best is to also be the
fastest on the streets so we're gonna
take the Lamborghini we're gonna beat
all your asses to the Pokemon and today
we're gonna take the championship home
boys you never knew we were this boss a
Pokemon did you now all right guys let's
go there's a Pokemon the Raider let's go
let's go let's go people when you can
find the Pokemon while it's still light
outside
I heard Pikachu has a curfew we have a
serious problem guys there's no Pokemon
in our area and I don't want to be the
loser out here so go go go which way
that's right oh right right let's go
right let's go right
how can every no Pokemon in our area are
you sure there is nothing there is
nothing in the whole of this place okay
guys what the hell is this there is no
pokemon in sight okay all right guys
we're onto something
go go go go go go
if there's kids that just punch them
just I just watch them we have to it has
to be
well we got this it's in that building
it's literally that building I swear we
have to I'm going there's a Pokemon oh
wait I thought I found something
I got pokeballs I got pokeballs don't
worry I go for it yeah go straight go
straight
I got vocables yes yes keep going
straight keep going straight I know this
is the way I believe it are you straight
laughs right maybe once a once a let me
click on this you just keep going around
around around
yeah wait wait I found something oh yeah
buddy yeah buddy we just keep going
round keep going round this round about
this right okay we got pokeballs real
not round about I'd like so much stuff
in it yeah I caught pokeballs poker
right I don't know how to play this game
to be honest oh you should have learned
before
we're gonna use a poker lifeline okay
we're gonna use a poker lifeline I'm
calling my friend Matt I don't know how
to find it oh my god are you kidding me
I'm sending it credit right now I give
you a number now quick hello yeah bro
how's a guy well I had a question how do
you find Pokemon yeah I've been driving
around for 20 minutes I can't find any
when you appear on the bottom right-hand
corner click on it and then it go up and
then
my piece done so I just got off the
phone my pokin lifeline and he taught me
how to play the game let's do this now
now we can finally be the kings alright
guys so this pokemon is one step away it
literally says one step so we're getting
out the car to find this okay really are
you writing it out are you ready let's
do this no we have to we have to get out
you go we need to go explore the land I
can't go away are you sure his paw I
don't know it just says one step I'm
first one shoes lighting up let's go
find this damn Pokemon I can't come
let's go quick before anybody else gets
it we walk in one direction if it says
other direction then we turn around okay
he just disappeared off the map somebody
else caught him Jim hi let's walk for
this guy this guy's pretty close this
guy is pretty close hi guys we're
crossing the street to find Pokemon I'm
pretty sure he's in this direction okay
I'm pretty sure he must be in this
direction no no no no we're getting
further away he's in that direction all
right by the way watch the street guys
when you're finding the Pokemon you
don't want to hit anybody why are you
putting your head down you ain't gonna
find no Pokemon like that sure I feel
like I'd really get back in the car and
go look damn darn kids stole our Pokemon
alright girls let's go let's go let's go
hi guys so there's literally a Pokemon
somewhere around here oh my god a Pidgey
Pidgey is on my sister's car guys come
on
yes yes yes we got a Pokemon guys where
you gonna on yes yes yes oh my god
we call it BOGO Aden
we caught a Pokemon the kebab look at
that yes let's go
we did it high-five let's go catch your
ass guys come on I kidding
if you saw that we got a PG a damn PG I
did I just a pigeon one I think it's
gonna be
no just let the security know what we're
doing the security saw me yesterday at
2:00 a.m. searching for Pokemon it was
kind of confused hi how are you you're
right good we're looking for Pokemon
have you seen any no any Pokemon really
oh that's right we're looking for
Pokemon I love I you missed on my five
minutes guys they missed one by five
minutes but I don't think he knows
already talking about I think people are
looking for a person are you guys so
we're driving around the area to find a
Pokemon and we're not gonna give up so I
think we'll try and go in through the
entire area and eventually I believe
we'll find one I think all these cars
are also searching for Pokemon so we're
gonna make sure to be the first oh my oh
disapper come on
we found a Pokemon guys go desert we
don't want to miss it's big achoo it's
big and stop the car stop the car this
does occur guys we found ourselves a
Pikachu oh my god
Oh
what do we do I want to catch him this
Pokemon is too vicious guys this Pokemon
is way too vicious Pikachu I can't - you
make it - I'm done I'm done I'm running
away guys I'm running away from Pikachu
let's go let's go Pikachu's Pikachu's
too vicious pick at you beats out I
don't want no Pikachu today he's no one
there's the rarest Pokemon whoa that
make you chew almost attacks me Oh guys
Lana do you want to have a shot that
Pikachu that Pikachu is the most
impossible we got Joe
Pikachu peace out Pikachu yo what the
hell are you looking at alright go ready
you ready let's go get ourselves a
Pokemon Solana is actually gonna do the
second mission let's see if she can find
one there's one very very close by okay
boys we are not giving up is there any
white coming out of it that's bad that's
bad so we are not giving yeah we are
searching we're doing why came out at
Turner turn around wrong direction boys
wrong direction No are you serious -
disappeared what did you just do I
didn't do any lonna lost our Pokemon
guys you took over I didn't know I give
up how do you Pokemon disappear it's
been years guys we have an en we haven't
drank any water we've only caught one
Pokemon okay
oh you're my best friend is our self I
don't know
you know there's a Pokemon in the white
house oh really yeah nobody can get it
except Obama I'm pretty sure is that a
Pokemon is that a Pokemon boss gonna be
seen it I have a question for the person
who made Pokemon how the hell do they
keep disappearing off my map keep keep
them on the dime map it's wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait Pokemon Pokemon wait
wait wait wait wait wait
yeah click adjust click him click him
alright get out the car get out the car
oh wait wait
it appeared it appeared it's in the car
it's in the car catch him no no no I
cure see accuracy no no no you flick it
on him don't miss this job yes yes yes
yes yes oh my gosh okay
Haru it's good who is it look at this
guys look at this
my second capture her ass Paris was
caught all right cool okay four hours of
Pokemon hunting eyes and we managed to
find two we managed to buy two now you
can look at it in two ways you can
either say that's a pretty bad ratio or
you can either say we didn't give up and
we managed to find some Pokemon I think
we did the best we could guys there's
literally no Pokemon in our area so yeah
I call that a success I can't do this
anymore I think my shirt shows how much
Pokemon hunting we did it was a struggle
guys it was a struggle
that was crazy I didn't think like after
so long wait no no no no not we how many
Pokemon did you catch I was hoping
she was picking it she was dropping my
Pokemon on the floor and it was boys
successful day of hunting too so far
don't worry guys we're not quitting and
I know we're gonna be the best so what
pokemon did you catch today yeah you
guys know who the real MVP today you
might catch a guy yeah I jumped out the
Lambo and I saw something just staring
at me like this thought I was there
to rob their cat like they were like why
the hell did somebody just run out in a
Pokemon outfit chased my cat okay boy so
I went and freshened up took a shower
and me and my mom are about to head out
right now but I'm still gonna go play
some Pokemon so I thought why not change
my look maybe if I'm like dressed like a
normal human being just walking around
the mall I'll find some pokemons and
that is the new tactic I've adopted I
actually need to go and fix my bank
account because my bank account is so
weird like no joke guys no joke
I went to transfer like this much money
I'm talking about about like two hundred
dollars literally this much money and it
said it's over my limit my what my
account is so weird I'm gonna go there
and be like yo you need to make my limit
a bit higher because I can't even buy
stuff online anymore like the hell yo
check it out guys you see that fountain
it's on the game guys and you can
actually win stuff let's see what we get
guys let's see what we get
oh yeah pokeballs all day you know look
at this guy's everywhere in the mall
just gives you a load of pokeballs like
y'all I swear the mall is the best place
to do Pokemon our ticket so cold you can
actually walk around without sweating so
I think I think I might do this again
Connie of the changing room and you
might be like where the hell is let it
go is changing it's so good but like
little curtain but if you guys are uh
yes tango really kosher as a gift but I
came to change the size they can't have
the same size and same color but
apparently is small flat forget them we
got a small guys but it's been see for
you all they look at it change your plan
guys I'm actually gonna get this one
like a successfully change my shirt as
you can see and I gained a subscriber a
lady over there said should subscribe to
me so hey what up how's it go oh my god
we got a writer to her guys yes yes we
caught it Bobby Bo we could yes that oh
my god loving more she is the lucky
person guys
yes yes oh my god I just got to phone
come on in the mall that is too funky
more back to that guys look at that look
at that that is crazy oh there's a
little there's another one oh my god
what the hell is going on guys
yes
three back to that guys three yes yes
that is crazy that is absolutely crazy
what 300 oh guys we got
another one guys yes
this has never been done before before
I'm stood here and got four guys yo look
at this guys another one
I am the Pokemon King guys I found two
in four hours
and now I found four in two minutes I'm
done I'm the poky King I knew it I knew
it
Lana was bad luck it was all Lana's
fault guys Lana and the Lamborghini
scare away the Pokemon mami you have to
admit hey what's up oh yeah Lana and the
Lamborghini just scare away one of them
guys like that's it never again am i
doing Pokemon hunting with her that it's
confirmed I decided to get myself a
pizza today because I just couldn't have
another day
we're just waiting on vibrate and then
we're good to go
sounds kinda weird I think if I look at
a carton of guys in my vibration it's
going to happen
all right let's go get the food guys and
I'll be back all right check it out guys
hello yes please oh that looks nice guys
you see I got a small amount not this
it's a size of my hand guys I didn't
want to eat too much we're leaving the
mall right now check it out
look at that guy
yo I think she caught a picket you guys
it's name is torch two guys I just want
you to look at this this is how our cat
bubbles drinks his water
he sticks his hand inside and drinks off
his hand look at this what the hell is
that this guy is so weird
I'm not on a law Pokemon go today but
there's one thing I have to try guys
before I finish this long one more thing
and that is I've got these eggs on the
game but I need to travel like two
kilometres to hatch them so I want to do
one I want to do one of them now yo look
at this guy's at nights there's pokemons
in the street yes oh yeah baby oh yeah
found a Pokemon I found a Pokemon come
back here hi this is him yeah i'm trying
to catch pokemon all right guys I just
made it home using my little torch from
the scape ore there's a light let's go
inside
by the way funny story I was kind of my
skateboard and whenever I see a car I
just want to like I push it all in I
want to see if I can actually beat the
car which obviously icon in this case
the car passed me slowed down at the
speed bump and I just flew over the
speed bump and I heard hey so I stopped
the because I yo whoa what up and we had
a little chat I was like this is so
random at 2:00 a.m. I let him know what
I was doing I was like he was like what
you doing I was like I'm catching
pok√©mon but the guy she need was like
yo you have the app by the way if you're
somebody in Dubai that wants the Pokemon
app my boy cream told me this change to
the US store download it and then just
change back that's all you need to do so
yeah that's how you play anyways boys
I'm gonna wrap up today's look here
hopefully you have enjoyed pokemon
hunting with more if you're a part to
hit the thumbs up button also if you're
something that hasn't subscribed yet we
need to do is make a gmail account and
if you have one just press the subscribe
button it works 100% guaranteed and if
they awesome love you or Yolo Yolo
goodbye wait what
