yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so I still have a little
bit of a Betty crap from yesterday guys
I swear I don't know if I have food
poisoning or what it is but it's been a
hurting quite a lot so before I actually
head out today I want to show you a
crazy crazy trick do you guys want to
see how you can make two forks levitate
with just a little stick look at that
guys they're levitating nothing is
holding them in place and you guys can
do this at home look at that for this
one all you're going to need is two
forks you're going to need like a wooden
toothpick looking thing I'm using this
because trust me it's gonna look crazier
with a bigger one a toothpick works as
well and a glass okay alright so here
goes nothing there goes the sick tada
and that is how you make a smoky that
foods so hard
alright okay hold on everybody I know I
completely failed we're gonna try again
we're gonna try again for the second
time what you need to do is you need
only the stick to be inside the cup and
now I'm going to make these two forks
levitate by burning what's inside the
cup okay
so what we're trying to do is burn off
everything that's left in the cup guys
so check it out after you burn
everything in the cup this is what
you're going to be left with a
mind-blowing illusion where two forks
are balancing on the edge of a cup with
a little stick Lana just came downstairs
and look at my magic trick two forks are
levitating that's crazy
that is absolutely crazy magic with Moe
that's amazing look at that guy's
nothing is holding these it is damn hot
today I'm not sure how people run
cameras poking up in the car while we're
on the way out I want to see if we can
spot Lana somewhere running cause she
came for a run so let's see if she
actually runs or walks is she actually
just walking start running you lazy bird
you saw that guy's she wasn't even
running the only reason we came out was
the by my elastic band guys but it
turned into a whole shopping trip for
like a barbecue but the hell it is Oh
Joe decide tonight we're having some
guests over so we don't have a beast so
I kind of parked my car in a dodgy place
you know that place is what you're not
sure if you're allowed to park or not
that's where I parked my car so fingers
crossed I don't have a fine on it let's
see oh oh oh oh yeah buddy no fine on
the car I'm pretty sure you're loud it's
got a line here a line there yeah okay I
quickly just took a shower and freshen
up I want to talk to you guys about
something that happens so gi's didn't
already know a couple days ago I picked
the winners to the two camera giveaways
so in my email and one of the winners
was called Kishan at Medicaid and in one
of my emails a guy called Kishan Ahmed
I'm doing this because it
wasn't actually him he said hey mo I'm
going to show you all the emails let me
show you it right now hey mo I don't
know where to contact you I just found
out I won the giveaway so what I did was
I post I said I posted a comment on your
video if you reply with a hi it's me so
I can confirm that this is your email
okay so he actually did reply to my
comment hi it's me and this is where it
gets super sad so this person went
through the trouble of making a fake
account putting Kashan ahmed picture on
his account so he's duplicated his
account uploading the exact same video
that Kishan Ahmed the real one uploaded
and put on his account and the thing is
guys I would have been this close to
falling for it but the only reason I did
it is because I subscribe to the real
giveaway winner I'm going to show you
how like deceiving it looks because
trust me I know like over 70% of people
would have fallen for this but because I
subscribed I didn't and alright let me
just show you how deceiving it looks
okay so this is the person that actually
won the giveaway you see that Kishan
Ahmed for subscribers if you hover over
his name to videos okay to videos so I
went to the comment I left and guys I
left it with my email address account
loads of people thought this was a fake
comment no this was actually mine and
this is the person hi it's me so you can
see same exact picture you hover over
his name he even has the exact same
number of videos and this is what gets
even worse so normally with most
accounts if it says two videos they have
two videos on their Channel right but
not in this guy's case he says he has
two videos but I'm guessing one of them
is put on private so only if you like
hover over his account where you see
that it has two videos and the guy who
made this new account also did that he
must have uploaded a video put it on
private
loaded another video which is the exact
same video that Kishan Ahmed has on his
account and just to think about the
level that this guy went to to try and
steal somebody else's winnings
it's crazy look at the struggle why she
have to get into my own garden from this
store because if I go from the other
door bubbles will kill himself like
virtually won't stop meowing oh my god
guys look at mummy mo what happened to
your hands even messin with the charcoal
huh okay first things first we need to
use this guy's so everybody stand back
who wouldn't look at that this is the
first time we're actually using one of
these matches for their actual purpose
guys whoo damn this is actually much
better than the other coals we get guys
oh oh that looks so dangerous guys I
actually just love the sound of charcoal
burning guys listen to that it's got
such a nice sound like you know the Pops
and the crackles
okay there's one piece of equipment
we're missing and this is it
we need a blow dryer yeah buddy
let's do this boys oh yeah oh oh this is
dangerous mommy do you know I'm not
trying this anymore guys I don't know
how my mom does it flies everywhere
do not try this at home kids never try
this at home
hi boy so we're just about done with the
combats knife you can see they are
smoking sizzling hot boys oh it just
makes me feel so hungry and I see them
every time I need to say a huge thank
you to you guys and you might not even
know why at this current moment in time
for the past 24 hours I've been the 25th
fastest growing youtuber on the whole of
YouTube which is like what what check it
out guys so that is the list as you guys
can see so we go like the big names up
here pewdiepie and all of these huge
channels and then when he come down
number 25 is mo hugs yeah mo hugs my
channel doesn't even fit here like the
guy bopped me has 2 million people with
like 7 5 like huge people are Justin
Bieber is like this close to me Justin
Bieber mad love to you guys you do not
realize how much I love you all and I'm
gonna keep refreshing it because it
actually is changing constantly so as
the hours go by who knows I might even
move up above Justin Bieber so if I do I
will let you know guys yo I am above
Rihanna just to put that out there guys
and I know this is such a small scale
that's just for the past one day but
even that is such an accomplishment
we're gonna actually try and put the
table from the kitchen in the living
room so let's see does this fit mommy
push push push
oh I can here goes nothin guys oh this
is
okay so this is the only way that the
table will actually fit guys Oh mommy
Moe you are genius all right guys all
three and there you go guys this table
is going to act like a little Buffy for
us today so just in case we don't want
to get this table too crowded up you can
put the food there
Nura which is one of my fans just cooled
and she wanted to say hi to the vlog so
go ahead oh thank you so much for
calling she was congratulating me on a
meal so I appreciate lickle so much and
yet hi see you later bye hi
I have literally spent the last half an
hour making myself a new Apple account
because if you guys have been on the
internet for the past couple of days
Pokemon go came out and it's been like
blowing up it's like it's like a Pokemon
game where you kind of like search for
the Pokemon in real life so I'm
downloading it right now on my phone and
I really want to do some Pokemon hunting
okay
hey the game was started working guys
what is my day of birth I don't even
know so I'm thinking my character which
is gonna definitely be the dude oh you
get to customize his hair alright let's
make him into me yep a little bit of 10
not too much there we go guys I got a
Pokemon
I got a Pokemon there go stand next time
so we can see you go stand next to I
don't understand there maybe we'll be
good luck oh oh we call you we call you
yeah we did I think right
personally I don't know the first time
with me playing as uh I got stuck at
your feet you just glitched that what I
said
she's stuck inside that
you think she's stuck inside know what
the app just glitched out oh man no
internet I'm like check it out guys
velvet cake in the building jaune jaune
medium life can't have one there's only
four the big boys okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry Hudson aren't ways so me and know
are actually gonna play this Pokemon act
together so we're gonna go out into the
dark right now and start searching for
Pokemon this is not a good idea is it no
is it it's not a good idea not do not go
in the dark searching for Pokemon
anyways with adult supervision we're
gonna go together again okay play if
you're a kid do not go out in the night
catching pok√©mon don't don't do it it
can be dangerous I don't have a game
that's cute Dustin Dustin thank you for
that way okay because it is so dark
outside we're actually taking a torch
guys does it work yeah yeah it works
alright boys let's go find some Pokemon
don't forget you gotta catch em all at
the moment guys we don't have any
pokemons in our radar so we're gonna
just keep going until we find one by the
way guys check it out the garage is
filled today got the Mustang the Lambo
the Bentley and the Range Rover and an
Audi as I said guys if you're someone
that's young don't come out alone
playing this game uh it's still
searching I can't find anything you know
I've heard people walk kilometers just a
fine one so I hope that's not the case
for us come on buddy come on let's go
all right Noah do you think it's a good
idea to go through that Adi way let's do
it
come let's go so I don't know why I feel
like to find a Pokemon we have to go
through this alleyway so that's all I'm
gonna do
no that looks scary down there
be careful I don't think there should be
anybody here this is extreme Pokemon
hunting guys
oh no I turn on the light turn on the
light it's gone it's gone our torch ran
out guys I run run run run
I was mission aborted mission avoid art
or tryna alight it is out here or out we
give up Noah what did you think about
the game not good
you know I wanna I want to play this
later on guys it's so hot and our torch
ran out where we're going to evaluate Oh
long day of Pokemon hunting hi boys
squad is rolling out as you can see yeah
we had a lot of fun playing some card
games and yeah everybody has gone now yo
I swear I am actually so hooked on this
Pokemon game right now I just can't find
any Pokemon close to my area if there's
something you know about Moloch's is I
never quit guys and for that reason I'm
gonna take the skateboard and we're
gonna find some Pokemon okay we're gonna
do it boys okay since is late at night
guys I'm gonna turn on the lights I'm
even scared at being out this late yo I
have legit come like five hundred years
and there's nothing I don't know how
much further I'm supposed to go this is
not a good idea guys this is definitely
no good idea I'm pretty sure I must be
playing this game wrong like how can
there be nothing I've come like two
miles down the road oh I see a car guys
so that should I be scared that there's
a car following me
don't think I should be out your oh my
my heart just dropped guys there was a
speed bump over there I yo I just shot
myself so hard I saw him put his brake
lights on and I swear I thought they
stopped to get out or something y'all
this game is not safe I I seriously
think I need to head home
yo it's actually taking me into the
woods guys okay you know let's see
please don't be anything weird going on
over here okay we have a serious problem
the Pokemon is in this guy's house I
don't think I can enter somebody shouts
if guys Pokemon hunting has never been
so hard I know I told you guys I would
stay out until I find a Pokemon guys but
you saw like over there there was
something on the circle on the Pokemon
map and he just it didn't show up with
anything up Security's over there but
yeah I just wouldn't show up with
anything your Security's looking at me
like what am i doing I already have a
feeling like this game wants you to get
into trouble like it could put it could
put a Pokemon right here in the middle
of the road or something but no it puts
it like in the dark section of an
alleyway somebody's back garden like
really broadly gritty we are home alive
guys the far home today's vlog I want to
open a present our friends go so let's
see what I got oh my oh my god okay
aye sir oh oh you guys don't know in my
head I was hoping for a blue shirt guys
and bang check it out
fits me perfectly so there you go guys
for everybody roasting me about not
wearing different shirts I have another
one to add to the collection are you
sure this is not yours
you think this is mine
I don't know all right let's see I got a
hack it share your bubbles is killing
this melt I'm oh my god thank you guys
so much that is you crazy it's 2 a.m. 2
a.m. and our day has not even finished
guys so we just realized the milk that
we had bought has been expired it's
expired so because I love having my
cereal in the morning we have to go get
some more milk guys I know it's 2:00
a.m. guys I would just need chocolate
milk so badly just for chocolate milk
check out the humidity like you can't
even see into this store well yeah look
at look at this I'm leaving a smiley
face
there is no milk
there's legit no milk all right okay
there is milk but not the type that we
have guys oh my god so normally we have
the red one but this isn't milk this is
Lebon so yo my sister's gonna be so
annoyed
there's only full cream or full fat
should I say my sister wants the low-fat
there's no milk
there's only full fat I don't mind I
like that too you do okay I'm with
complete savage guys haven't even paid
for the drink but I'm gonna start
drinking it now that's also yo guys I'm
not even gonna pay for it I'm running
this back come on no I'm putting it
smack hey thanks man bye bye peace out
let's go and it was on a wrap up today's
like here hope you have enjoyed tomorrow
I'm gonna try and finally catch myself a
Pokemon because the first one I caught I
think was just like the one you have to
get because it was like really close by
so I'm gonna try and actually get me a
real legit new Pokemon so yeah we'll see
about that anyway stay awesome love
y'all and yeah
yeah Leona bye
