I'm about to eat a snail right now
garlic good morning
yeah what is up everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you doing so today
is officially our first day here in
France guys here is the thing I actually
never told you guys why we're here in
France we are going to the launch of the
brand-new Huawei phone we might okay so
basically today is the launch of the
brand new Huawei phones I think they're
actually launching a couple now we are
going to be there
exclusively guys you know before anybody
else sees them so it's about to be fun
and I can't wait to show you cuz they
told me something about the phone which
I don't think anybody's supposed to know
let's go to the event what are you
getting on the pack so there's go oh my
god I've never seen something like this
everybody here is just for the phone so
right now we are here at the venue you
guys can see and look at the crowd of
people behind me guys holy moly look at
this there is like thousands of people
bro bro same there's so many you know I
can't wait to see the phone now I know
oh my god the Huawei P 20 series
it sounds cool it sounds really cool oh
my god water water okay so right now the
conference is over and look what your
boy just got the view Hawaii p20 frozen
this is one of the phones they just
launched guys it is like the
top-of-the-line phone and it is insane
guys I can't wait to take you through
everything this phone has it has a 14
megapixel camera it's crazy guys yeah
okay so we are back at the hotel right
now
and what I'm about to unbox is the
reason we flew to frost oh my god the
hallway p20 Pro literally this entire
trip has been for this brand new phone
guys and it's time to unbox this bad boy
alright so I'm gonna go ahead and
quickly take off the plastic guys this
is so satisfying guys did you hear that
this is the brand new phone from Hawaii
look how shiny is you can see me in the
reflection it's time for me to show you
all the details all right oh now the
first thing I want to highlight about
this phone is the design is super
elegant guys like it is perfectly
symmetrical if you guys can see the
knotch
is exactly in the middle and even at the
bottom the speaker system is symmetrical
so it has this really satisfying look to
it here is the craziest thing about this
phone okay the back camera is 14
megapixels 40 megapixels down there so
there's actually three cameras guys each
one is different but the main camera in
the back is 40 megapixels which is I
don't like is this allowed like how how
can
have so much technology in one bow now
I'm sure you guys saw this phone
actually has the best low-light photos
you can ever take like whoa whoa you
guys can see it's super dark at the
moment let's take a photo with this all
right let's do this guy's okay you guys
can see I don't even know what I'm doing
three two one Oh what do you see that it
looks like there's life honestly guys
like I'm not making this up right now
like if you guys go and test it out for
yourself just go and try it out and
you'll see what I mean all right anyways
there you go boys I had to show you the
brand new phone now the thing is as I
said they launched two phones today the
second one was the Porsche designer and
I don't even need to say anything about
that phone it was it was incredible
okay they have a portion of a port okay
oh my god what do we have over here like
a bread do we get this as well as the
phone yeah well what are you doing this
is not your stop touching it apart from
the 320 they launched a new porsche
design who are we and it is insane er I
check this out guys so this phone over
here is the new Porsche design they have
and it's like their luxury version and
that matches my shirts I'm taking that
one so right now we're just going around
checking out all the phones but I have
to show you something even better guys
we have a very special actress with us
Shayla we have like the most beautiful
actress with us today and I'll say yo
you have to be on my blog hey guys look
good on fleek okay guys so here's the
thing I know we're here for the launch
of the new phone but they have like
moving around here so absolutely get
photos with as many of them as I can
now we're gonna select me a French girl
I think I just found a branch girlfriend
I do think we should tell them like no
sense that here's the thing I'm getting
help right now in French so how do I say
you're beautiful
Jolie or bad Jolie or bad okay I got you
Hey Jolie of them okay raise your
beautiful book guides you're also Javid
Instagram
yes of course I'm a hundred twenty four
thousand oh my god I think that's why
that's why material okay you follow me I
follow you that's a rule okay guys that
was a little bit awkward the girl didn't
even wait a second one McDonald's
guys so McDonald's has some weird red
ice cream I think this is only for
France all right let's go
we got it guys we got the ice cream we
got the ice cream is it good it's
actually really good that's one thing I
love about traveling like every country
you go to they have different at other a
few moments later I know we just made it
back to the hotel right now right now
we're actually heading over to dinner
because it's free free food we are with
the beautiful Maria hi Maria where are
we right now we're in the restaurant
called cafe did update wow that sounds
fancy super fancy knows all the spots
here cuz she used to live here so
basically she's taking a seat so let's
go all right after you we're gonna
follow her guys this place is so fancy
they would not let us in without Maria
so she's kind of like our Savior right
now look at the ceiling
pearl we are way under dressed guys
everyone is just yeah why do you look
like we took you from the street row
we're displaying how do you like the
fanciest restaurant ever we're having
that it's like beautiful
at least try one how we share all right
I'll try one you try all right oh my god
are you kidding me bro
so the snails just made it here okay
this is not edible this is not edible
okay who's gonna go first you go first
a little section my boy that's what's
gonna teach us how it's done bro what
are you doing
IDs need to get all the ha there you go
that's okay put it back in and put it
back in that's disgusting
that's what okay stop stressing
yeah guys I'm about to eat a snail right
now
very strong garlic all right dinners
over guys we'll see you at home
so we're done with dinner guys I want
you to all leave nice comments my girl
over here because she's the sweetest and
she took us out to dinner
so yeah just show her as much love as
you can and date is over the dead like
this day like the day so we are finally
back at the hotel right now and I'm
gonna end off today's vlog here listen
I'm gonna keep it short and simple if
you love me subscribe to the channel if
you love s1 subscribe know that yours is
the like where you mess it up
Oh like hey guys we'll see you tomorrow
for another epic video in Paris anyway
so we're gonna say goodbye right now so
I love you and yeah Bonjour Holly Yolo
boy
