yeah everyone what is up welcome back to
another video so today I have a very
exciting video for the first time ever
I'm gonna show you my entire sneaker
collection so over the past couple of
months I've bought a lot of sneakers so
check it out is voice my entire sneaker
collection for the first time on YouTube
now this is pretty much 90% of my shoes
I still have a couple more but they
literally just wouldn't fit so I'm gonna
take you through all of my top shoes
right now first things first we're gonna
start off with the most exciting shoes
now normally you leave the best for lost
but there's a lot of good shoes here so
we have to go straight in for it oh okay
so you guys might realize that there's
three pairs of identical shoes here now
this is probably one of the hardest
shoes to get your hands on it's called
the courts alright and I have three
pairs 1500 each dollars dollars day wait
wait what are you doing whatever come
back alright a slight technical
difficulty guys my cameraman tried to
steal the shoes next up we have some
even more special shoes the dawn sees I
these two bad boys over here so we've
got a blue pair over here and a cream
pair over here that's two of their
colorways guys so the thing is I'm
actually getting another pair of the
blue ones very soon which I'm giving
away on my Instagram so if you haven't
already followed my Instagram oh no
underscore vlogs on this core don't
follow it right now guys I'm giving away
another pair of these on there so yeah
basically these shoes are also over a
thousand dollars each so they're very
special and they've got red bottoms
these
this is bad but instead Jesus read
matters these is bloody they're not
wrong wrong this is not the same
one we have a lot of things guys so
we're gonna skip through a couple of
them just to show you the special ones
so check out the shoes so the next
couple of shoes I'm gonna show you are
personally my favorite now they might
not be the most special but I really
like them and one of them is the pink
Foamposites
Oh Lana being a girl what do you think
about this they're actually really cheap
because they're pink and I think nobody
wanted them but regardless super awesome
now next up we have the white Easy's now
I've worn these a lot personally I
really like the EZ so I bought a lot
this month so let's go check out the EZ
we have a black pair of Yeezys these are
the V ones like the original ones they
made and then we have two of the newer
ones the gray and the blue mint
I bought these but I actually think they
look really ugly yes they're ugly yeah
yeah guys I thought so too
honestly they kind of look like washdown
blue okay so over here we have a couple
of my favorites as well now we got one
of my Gucci shoes over here BAM
shout outs all my snakes out there all
the people who betrayed me in my life
yeah these are one of my favorites
now as my sister said in her song snakes
be Slytherin then uh next up we're gonna
go to my boy Drizzy Drake shoes
basically I want to try tiptoe through
the shoes we have two pairs of Drizzy
Drake shoes so these are a year battle
oh yeah I also have the black ovios down
here I think they do they do
Lena one you need man back over here we
also have some very interesting shoes
check it out guys ah these might not
look too crazy but these are self-lacing
shoes you literally just turn this if
you hear it guys check this out and it
tightens your shoe for you nobody really
knows these shoe so they're actually
Ferrari shoes okay so I don't avoid you
guys too much more but here you go this
is my sneaker collection honestly there
are a lot of really cool shoes if you
guys are sneaker heads let me know your
favorite ones I mean I still have a lot
more I haven't showed you we also have
the Chinese New Year's shout-out to
everybody in China I know I don't think
they're allowed to watch YouTube in
China but if you guys see this video
Nihao hi
oh yeah there you go that is my secret
collection let me know your opinion on
it in the comment section so I guess I
did tell you I have a lot more shoes
which I'm not showing you these are also
some of them but I didn't think they
they were deserve it of the collection
they're deserve it of they deserve it
anyways for now we're actually heading
out of the house as cool as the sneakers
are right now I'm going for a little
business meeting so I'll see you guys on
the other side
all right so we are at our business
destination right now with the man hey
what's on me a business yeah bro we're a
business destination this is your office
right now we are back with my man's side
you should we tell them what's happening
yeah
what's happening bro the TV thing oh you
told them no no yeah I wanted you to
tell them it was becoming a TV
personality Oh Jeremy oh can I can I
show them what you just bought well oh
yeah oh
basically eyes this is an AP what is it
exactly
it's an AP skeleton perpetual calendar
it's really really nice anyways guys we
clearly stopped by here as I said we're
just quickly chatting around but for now
it's time to head out so let's go so
right now sigan brought me somewhere to
eat okay this is a fully organic
restaurant to the point where my Pepsi
my Pepsi is organic this is organic Kona
ah it's okay
I survived in tastes so bad the ostrich
egg there's an aftertaste to it so we
just finished eating the organic food
ours good right now the organic food
place is next the deals on wheels and
look at this car good no sigan this car
ready suits you Happy New Year how about
that that's my gift to you bro you know
that I actually doing a sale right now
literally a car seller 3 million it's
due but now you know how you got like
sales in supermarkets they're doing I
think like the first supercar like sale
or first supercar discount so it's
actually pretty busy in there special
offers oh hi guys so right now we just
made it to the Burj Khalifa aka cycads
house and we're about to share a big
secret with you guys
you might have heard there's gonna be
the biggest light show in the world
happening right here and you're gonna
get a preview down so right now they're
doing a demo run of the light show this
is insane guys it looks like there's
light beams coming out the sky this
looks crazy no no no we are getting the
behind-the-scenes light show this is
this is supposed to be our New Year's
and we're seeing it early it's 3:00 a.m.
right now and I'm checking this out live
this is definitely the first on YouTube
okay what no no
I'm speechless I'm actually speechless
right now this is beautiful
I don't know what to say right now what
you are watching is actually taking
place right now this is the world's
largest light show Wow this is what
dreams are made of right here this is
stage a this is the world's largest
building all right lights are out I
think I showed you the most exclusive
thing you're ever gonna see I don't
understand if you know how lucky we are
it's 3:00 a.m. this is supposed to be
unseen until New Year's and we're seeing
it live you know what I'm actually gonna
wrap up today's vlog here so if you have
enjoyed smash the like button let me
know what you guys think about the light
show I don't even know if I should be
releasing this on YouTube like this
this is unreleased like this is supposed
to come out on New Year's
anyways if you have enjoyed today's
video make sure to smash the like button
subscribe for me around here and I'll
see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
