yo yo everyone good afternoon how are
you all doing the reason I'm saying that
today's vlog is starting a little bit
late it's currently 20 past 5 but I'm
gonna tell you this I actually woke up
at 1 o'clock so very very late right
however my sister just woke up now 5
o'clock she woke up now look at this
guys don't believe me you don't believe
me she's still in bed I came and opened
her curtains for her that's how Leia was
like it was literally dark
anyways get up the day is fresh let's
open up the curtains and yeah wow look
at that
okay guy says you didn't know today is
actually eat for me I know this video is
going out two days after but on Eid we
give out gifts to each other normally I
don't give out many gifts to my sister
so this year I'm gonna give her ten
thousand dollars or am i okay so I've
done is only the first and the last no
or 100 and the rest are one so I'm gonna
put a ribbon on this and pretend like
I'm kicking or $10,000 alright guys so
there is the bow tie it doesn't look
that good but let's go give Lana her
eight present hi boys
it's eight today so I have a gift for
you can you wake up so I can log you
it's it's a special I never give you
gifts I thought this year I'd give you a
nice gift are you ready
you don't look ready sit up no I don't I
don't normally give gifts should be
happy that okay I saved up all my money
to share God and I thought I'd give you
$10,000 this is for you I know you've
always wanted a Chanel bag why did you
have the brake circuit no no I want the
hundreds later I actually felt pretty
odd hundred on the other side I know
you're always on the check thank you for
the thought it's the thought that counts
here give my money back though and all
serious disguise I I'm going to go get
you a gift today but you have a $1,000
shopping budget okay yeah there you guys
that fair there we go guys okay she
doesn't she doesn't get the 10000 but
let's go shopping today I think I think
I owe everybody a gift cuz I said I
never get anybody you're so nice I think
this year should be Matt turning okay so
all day long Lana's been telling me
about a new song that's gonna go viral I
promise you I haven't heard until now I
promise you I've never heard it I'm not
getting paid to shout it out
yesterday hey I heard this I listened to
I'm gonna give you honest if I hate you
I'm just gonna say it okay so that was
the incredible son guys I was expecting
a little bit back come on man
so while my sister is getting ready to
go out today I thought I'd come out with
this hose pipe that somebody got me
yesterday and let's test this thing out
I really want to see how it's because I
want these stretch ones and I think when
you turn it on it just like expands so
let's give it a shot here goes nothing
guys let's see how this thing works
oh my god
it's expanding look at that and it has
it has modes as well jet mode okay this
is jet
this is so cool guys like it has modes
for jet mode it has shower mode this is
called full let's see what fullest okay
full I think is just normal now you have
cone you see that okay so I just turned
off the tap guys and look at the wire so
I'm actually gonna empty out the war and
it goes back to shriveled okay yeah look
at that starting to shrivel up guys
y'all that is absolutely crazy guys
check it out it's all back to how it
started like there's no more in there
and you see how it just like went to is
stretchy mode again
anyways huge shot on my man I'm gonna
take this inside because I don't want
anybody taking my special hose so yeah
anyways boys I'm gonna head back inside
I don't know why I'm so excited about
this gift I just like cool stuff like
cool stuff is what makes me excited this
is just so awesome you know it's cool
it's actually useful now we can wash the
car like properly with the jet mode this
thing has the sense it is aged you know
that there's gonna be eight preparation
as well guys so in about four hours time
Lana's gonna be ready and we should be
heading out all right guys a few hours
later Lana's finally downstairs and that
is her outfit of choice money more as
always I've never seen my more anything
except from black but yep there you go
so since it is ade I did not want to do
this but I'm going to be wearing my new
shoes just don't don't do addition
Jordan 72 tens guys it's the last time
that they're gonna be this clean is the
last day good why are you saying it are
you sure about this one oh my hands shit
and those are the kicks guys that's it
out mom are you ready mommy was like a
sleep doing that whole thing let's head
out boys
a little rev for good luck
it's good
thou's for good luck
so anyways I watched it with that jet
spray thing we go in the mail anything
it's made it look worse okay I use that
you war jet thing guys this morning and
if you look on my windscreen you see
with them water drops what it's made it
dirtier if anything y'all guys look at
this ringtone I love it my sister's
calling your friend that is hello
guys we just arrived but I think we're
not able to get into the mall today it's
so busy dated all the parking off like
the police has just blocked it all off
by Mary gay guys I think the days are
super busy like police blocks it off so
I'm not sure if we can wait to go in or
not anyway or not
I highly doubt oh no they're going past
they're going oh I am let's see we can
go in
all right next to the police okay I'm
gonna kinda know I can't go in guys huge
change of plans we were gonna go to the
mall but all the exits are closed
because it's extremely busy and one of
them have just been blocked off because
there's no parking is literally no
parking so yeah tomorrow I promised them
a thousand dollars each other surely yes
I don't have to do anything they'll
forget buy them well yeah right now
we're actually going to go to our
friends house and that's my biz room
that's my recipe okay guys so we just
got the sweet they look fantastic this
I've got there's two boxes okay the main
ones actually in the bottom so I'll show
you that I'll show you one over the
boxes from here check it out
y'all okay for those of you wondering
this is the same for a eight we bought
the other day in cash well not we are
friends but now they wrapped it so check
it out oh boy damn and then that's the
gt3 RS crikey mate
oh my god guys so eyeshadow there's my
best regards Hey look at that boys the
rent Lee's there and my collection of
lamborghini aventador as you know that's
what's up we're gonna Park up now oh my
god guys so we just got here and look
how dirty my car is
the new jet thing I got has made my car
filthy
yo that is insane guys I thought I'd
wash the car properly and I get out and
I see this mess
that's disgusting handle this many
people oh my god this is so tour Wow
guys I love that I love this really I
don't love this so we're back in the car
we have a beautiful princess here wait
let me show you we're all set
look at her beautiful outfit guys which
princess Disney Princess is this the
dress
come on okay good stuff isn't this week
Joe's usually named my collections
complete where did you think I'm the
girl the girl who has okay guys so we
arrived here at our destination looks
absolutely gorgeous like the White House
if you guys remember this place we were
here last time when you're going up the
stairs and look so duh duh duh duh
this place looks really cool guys and
even cooler on the left you have the
Pharaohs we came here last time to have
dinner and it's such a beautiful place
by the way
gorgeous SLS behind me Alana's just
standing it's so big you can barely get
this whole thing in the frame guys first
things first they got their ice cream in
here oh I wouldn't mind a strawberry ice
cream actually from here
Lana's favorite is the kabobs they have
over here they feel like all of the meat
and stuff which they cook what is this
look at the Hat it's a boy yours okay
we're gonna go sit in our seats guys
I like this basically looks pretty cool
so grandiose sit and I'll catch you guys
after or I'm not sure if I recorded the
food comes cuz we're here with those our
friends and stuff I don't want to be the
oken guy vlogging but we'll see the food
just game guys and check it out you go
like a huge grill look at that boys
some longer so late night my car didn't
have any petrol so he stopped by I love
the smell of petrol so much I actually
never knew they had these at petrol
stations they've got a flower fridge
guys look it's a fridge full of flowers
odd anyways I really want an ice-cream
right now so let's see any meenie miney
moe I pick you I just wanted what I
wanted right none and I don't want this
look at this guys there's so much water
on this fridge what why is this so much
war it's like a blood up yeah talk about
your favorite number if one of you guys
can afford this for us please help us
out get this plate number pretty cool
we just finished pumping some gas boys
petrol came out 295 times for you guys I
don't live in Dubai that's was pretty
cheap over here look at it 91 Durham's
which is like approximately $28 for like
a full tank I want to be where the
people are
I wanna see wanna see them dancin walkin
around on those when would you call oh
oh
anyways I'm actually see rappy I wore
these they look really really good with
this outfit he's now got a white top
black pants I was like this is also
white and black so it actually matched
really well today
ah look at this guy's bubbles literally
came to sit on my lap were you doing
buddy you haven't spoken to the vlog for
a long time say something say something
come on now that whoa boys I thought I'd
do something different to end today's
vlog it's eight day everybody's happy so
I decided to do a snapchat video with a
twist
I asked all of you to send in videos of
you dancing so yeah that's if the yo-yo
squad has got them breakdancing moves or
not we're gonna try and replicate some
of your dances while you're doing it so
yeah it's a test of all of us together
by the way I just recorded this for 20
minutes I've forgot to press the record
button so this is not a recording sorry
time when you set it in and they were so
good I just yeah sorry guys anyways
there's so many snacks coming and just
check it out it's just been like
bombarding in here so I'm gonna stop the
people sending you in and let's get
through these you have no audio by the
way but I'll put some cool down c3p0 you
that's an attachment right y'all that
guy said in a snap when we like the
repelled again guys remember like nah I
shot a two man loved his energy oh wait
what was that
no it was him hey guys you wanna send in
stuff away we don't know how to dance
what I mean yeah Oh put me in your blog
bro look I watched every single one of
you oh can I please be in your blog
Ellie's ten-second no no you can't do it
Jagger it holy moly I think the most
popular dance move is that the dog like
oh my god what is that
that is a piece to yourself
let me just smack my oh my god oh boy
your visual loss that Gordon you know
you've got nothing my eyes are bleeding
oh my goodness you know where DJ ESCO
Harkavy honey one focus DJ escobar
driver honey
yuchun-ah me
I don't know what you're talking about
where is it DJ whose heart I also
comment for you this not or is someone
else where is DJ whose hard drive day
something I don't understand what is
tying you guarantee I don't have any
taste hey hey those crusty enemy you
niggas any you guys are gonna wrap up
today's like here hopefully you enjoyed
that segment up the snapchat thought I
change out by doing dancing you haven't
already follow my snapchat I'll try for
a picture of it here the name is
Muhammad dude and yeah just stay also
everybody love you all hope you all had
an amazing aid and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow stay awesome yeah the yellow
goodbye
