you know for the money I never land on
yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so let's head outside
today and humility is about 300%
reducing you guys are losing you okay so
today we're actually going to pick up a
brand new 2017 Ferrari 488 and this car
is actually a 2017 Ferrari 2017 not 16
the next damn year I don't know how it
came so early but that means we get to
vlog a very very cool car so let's head
over see what's up and yeah it should
generally be a very very cool day it's a
yellow Ferrari even cooler I love like
the exotic colors so yeah let's go by
the way I want to show you the exhaust
cuz when it turns on and normally spits
out some stuff so exhaust on
oh boy I get it again
so so good I should never DJ alright boy
so as you can see behind me we made it
over here and I just realized they have
a Ferrari four five eight in yellow so
the four eight eight is gonna match this
very very well it's going to be like a
older brother to this car so that's
gonna be pretty cool pull the cars lined
up here as always the vents the doors
the Hurricanes the Ferrari there's
everything I don't know why I just like
the world sways in the corner every day
it just looks so so cool like oh you
didn't see the Ziggy I like the line
this one line
rolls-royce takes the lead hello women
how are you nice and shine here okay so
we're actually taking off our plate
number guys and yeah it's gone the car
is just gone no more Lamborghini plate
number the number is gone guys actually
the whole car is going if you guys
didn't know Anderson it's disappearing
on us all jokes aside the reason we're
actually taking the plate number off
guys is because we want to have it like
on the side maybe to make it look cooler
so we're just taking off the front
section so you can have the whole grill
because I think that's what really looks
nice and these Lamborghinis okay so I've
realized throughout the whole time that
I've been vlogging with this Lambo
we've never showed you the engine so
check it out this is what a v10 looks
like on a Lamborghini and yet its
steaming in there you could literally
cook something we even take the bracket
off now just to show you how the car
would look pretty slick all of the doors
are open on this car now and actually
looks pretty cool it looks like a bird
right now okay because it is pretty fun
we're actually just gonna go sit in the
Range Rover Evoque they I mean check it
out boys we are hitting the Range Rover
just blasting that a/c it is hot outside
things better
these are nice man no you know what I'm
sitting in the front guys I think this
looks really cool right now we're gonna
head out and I'll see you guys once we
get to the Ferrari sure I'm guessing I'm
not sure okay let's go all right so we
just made it over to the Ferrari
but check out what's in the back guys
not one not two three laugher are ease
back here I can barely get to see one
that is absolutely crazy guys I was
we're actually heading out the Ferrari
showroom right now because we need to go
get the cash for the car before they
give it to us obviously so that's what
we're heading off right now and then
were you back to pick up the car we had
like a little sneak peek of it now and
it looks absolutely gorgeous right now
let's head to the bank and I'll see you
guys there okay so we just finished up
in the bank guys and they can't actually
give us the full amount because they
don't have enough here okay I want to
show you guys how much you miss me there
so I'm going to show you what it looks
like through my glasses you can't see
anything look at that it's so clogged up
we've actually swapped to banks and none
of them have had enough cash to give us
because it is a big amount I mean you're
buying a Ferrari so we've come over to
the mall to get the money hopefully
they'll have it over here while our
friend is going to go get the money I'm
gonna take their car home because I need
to go get my laptop so that means I get
to drive the Range Rover Evoque this is
actually my first time so let's go you
ready now you take the vlog camera I'm
gonna drive our boys let's go home we
have us three guys should know Natalia
and you let's go home you know what I
realize guys this is how you change the
gears it's got like this turning motion
system I don't know what you call a
disguise this life for the best friends
on there yeah
me family karaoke Shan guys
when he
there you go Lana here's a new car
no more Lambo for you you got the Ranger
to us guys I would actually be happy
with that if she had this car it's just
so much more comfortable the bank is
actually closed right now so we're gonna
do is go in the evening to pick up the
Ferrari like do no banks have enough
money to get like dad the thing is no
guys the reason is it's like public
holidays tomorrow onwards so they don't
really have that much in the bank so
that's why we were struggling to get it
but we're gonna go in the evening to
pick up the money for now we're just
gonna go pick up you know the squad okay
so check this German Shepherd out guys
it's only two years old what up buddy
what up he's so big
oh my god this guy is huge what up buddy
oh I'm recording are you thank you see
see hey guys awesome I want one so back
in the frame your head kept cutting
young jeezy
and it was we're heading out to go back
to our second home which is our friends
homes
oh my god guys we just made it over to
our friends place and check out the
swimming pool they have over here this
is a ridiculously beautiful one if you
look at the warlike look inside I love
the shape and design Wow and over there
you can like look over the building it's
just crazy just look how tall this
building is it is like crazy to look up
there we're still like halfway through
the building all right Oh like it's wet
here I'm gonna go inside now it's quite
hot outside but I would note my jumping
is that soon right now bye bye
four five eight we're going to go pick
up your big brother now the four eight
eight let's go hear your voice we just
made it over to the moon let's go
finally get the cache day and yeah we're
going to be back with a hand load of
money and I literally mean a hand load
of money
hi boy so we finally finished up at the
bank and babe
inside this packet is a brand new
Ferrari
no joke guys check it out we just came
outside no in the back no you want some
yeah I can't here is the rest of the
Ferrari oh my god okay boy so now that
we're on the way and there's nobody
around we can take all the money out so
check it out it's all on my lap this
brings back so many memories now if you
guys remember I'm just gonna put this
out there this may look like the same
amount that I bought my Mustang with but
it's not like it is completely different
now with my Mustang the notes I got were
like change they not they weren't the
biggest note but if I was to get them
more than thousands like we did today
it'd only be two stacks like this but a
Ferrari is more like 12 to 13 stacks
which is crazy so we're gonna head over
to the show right now put this on the
desk and
with a brand new Ferrari 488 which is
ridiculous I just check it out I'm
excited guys like since we have this
money guys we have to do karaoke I'm
like a wassup hello Senor pretty a
solution came in the door money
introduced into my soul Hey Hey look
baby girl you're so dead find out
something is that I got it
angel it's all in my pocket tell me what
you see is it money or it's me a lover
the money I never Lango our voice so we
just actually made it over to the
showroom and check out what is ready for
us behind those doors the brand-new
Ferrari 488 so we're gonna go pay up now
and then we can get the car so let's go
okay boys check out this beauty oh my
god it looks fantastic we got my boy
Noah in the driver's seat your feet
reaches the pedal wow this car is just
amazing boys look at it look at it
whoa I five no give me a high five there
son
wow this car is fantastic y'all I start
pickin up a Ferrari is a whole different
experience boys like just just check it
out get out Lana what'd you think of my
new car you like it
the roof is actually coming off now whoo
hard top Ferrari absolutely love it and
there it goes no what do you think of
that was it nice hi boy sighs you can
see the cash is out we're gonna go pay
for the call right now and then drive
away so let's head out I know
I can only mean one thing let's go I'm
ready let's go yes that's good let's do
this but that is the most embarrassing
thing I've ever done anyways guys all
jokes aside this car is not going to be
mine we just came with our friends
because they're purchasing it however
you guys can actually get this because
they own a car rental company which is
cool it's still party lane car rental so
thank you for them for letting us come
video and just show you the experience
of buying a Ferrari you can check it out
you can even rent this exact one if you
want you know I'm taking it first guys
and then you guys come ready okay you
wanna switch it on ready three two one
oh did you hear that
that is crazy the rumble this car has is
amazing eyes okay let's step into this
beast look at that Ferrari oh boy and
that is the start button guys which
we're going to be pressing and even
cooler they got a key look at the key it
is just awesome the new Ferrari keys
look fantastic as these seats are bucket
seats guys so like that's how you know
this cars will optioned out and if you
bring the seat back full carbon fiber
look at that full carbon fiber whoo hi
boys
so we're actually sneaking into the
service centre cuz we want to go see
them laughter Ari's again let's go let's
go
Wow let's head out of the workshop boys
and see if the paperwork is finished
shift so cool being right I feel like I
own this garage you know because there's
nobody inside it now to this night and
there's just so many cars lying around
late number is on the car ready to be
rolled Alice Alana is going to do the
owner of being the first person to drive
this car so let's get in whoo
first person to drive this first things
first I want to see the roof go on a
look at that y'all do you see that that
is crazy
Wow okay you know let's do this boys
slowly does it taking out her brand-new
I see you soon guys that is our day for
now car is out the showroom so you guys
thought that my sunglasses fogged up
look at the windscreen oh this thing is
 up so bad you can't see anybody
anyways what's up I'm taking the car
you're driving the Bentley
so I'm actually going to be driving this
car back to the garage boy so let's get
in and see what's up whoo Hey hi boys
let's get started with this car so as
you can see it's my first drive I'm the
first person of appropriately taking on
a drive so I'm super nervous it's comfy
looks really really cool by the way
push it
okay so we're going to give it a little
rep guys on the street check this out
Oh
acceleration number two
is actually a v8 but it has 670
horsepower because it's a turbo so that
is absolutely crazy that engine that
side
getting so much speed like in a second
our boys allows my drive with no how was
I was like good at driving you liked it
come on man you liked it you know you
liked it
all right boys we're heading out for
today bye Noah thank you for giving me a
ride in the Ferrari thank you so much
man
I'll see you next time be careful up
thanke you know there's a lot of people
that want it including girls so watch
out for them okay boys so to wrap up
today we're actually going to be going
home in the Bentley yes the car you guys
saw the other day it's gorgeous
hey what up mummy mo you like the car
this is such a luxury car guys she got
as a family Bentley road trip Bentley by
the way are leaving Laura's car because
we want to put that new plate number on
so yeah we're gonna get that maybe two
more or the next thing you know what I
don't mind I take the Bentley over the
rock and any day because it's so
comfortable man
if you're somebody that follows me on
snapchat
I just realized on my snapchat I didn't
mention that this was our friend's car
and I've had people to congratulate me
like yo mo congrats the new Ferrari
technically I didn't go by it but it
wasn't for us those our friends and
their money so I just went and boy
that's it like I just wanted to feel how
it'd be like to buy it for cash you know
look at this boys double the luxury
Oh
oh yeah you just let that rolls-royce
just like kill us in that take off what
the hell okay we put this car in sports
boat guys first time let's see how it
goes Bentley it's for Molly oh this
guy's taking off already
this is like the fourth car you've come
back to it today you like my new car you
like the car thank you congratulations
it's your boss oh yeah I love my
security solar side they actually care
from yourself out there having a
nosebleed
I like he's been asking me if I've been
fine ever since they're super sweet
anyways congratulations alone on the new
belly
congratulations mo for the new Ferrari I
love I love messy Barry single time I
see mob like yeah he's my brother
like that's not a car it looks so weird
that Lana's driving a Bentley guys it
just looks so different you know I
actually really want to wake up tomorrow
morning and see how these two cars look
together in the Sun what's up the back
yet perfect that's enough so as it's
been an extremely long narrating boys
I'm gonna wrap up today's look you're
amazing amazing they pronounced a also
everybody see tomorrow yellow yellow
goodbye
