yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog starting off the day in
my sister's room
ke has just been sleeping on everybody's
lap recently anyways right now I'm gonna
head over for a music video let's go
okay so as mentioned I'm actually
heading over to my boys house right now
that is Raschid and yeah we're just
gonna be doing a music video should be
fun let's head over there see what's up
and as always it's gonna be a very
eventful day I think I heard bubbles his
bubbles like under the car hey buddy
what's up uh he left guess who's back
boys
guess who's back mo is back at the farm
okay the doors are open so I'm guessing
they were recording something no there
we go oh nice car alright boys so I just
made it over here what I wanna my boy
Raschid mo over there he just lost his
beeper max oh he's in the loser sighs
yeah I'm now it's gonna be me versus
Raschid again so so far he's beat me
once in the tournament I beat him once
and we're playing again oh my god guys
look at this go boys he's not going back
to the farm that is it oh that was the
craziest goal in history guys our voice
today I thought I'd give you a little
tour of the house so let's get started
and go right at the moment I'm above
their swimming pool and it's just a
crazy view so let's get into the house
taraji in Russia's backyard now or next
to his swimming pool and he's gonna turn
on the war pool you guys nothing Wow get
it out that's so awesome like for
parties inside imagine like just to
chill next to it whoo why'd you switch
off from the switch is there Oh even
this under par has war to it wow I've
never seen four of the house guy I've
seen the stream fool I never knew it has
this little rainy Park and there you go
boys slowly turning off oh nice
pretty nice pretty nice it's very
exploring the places that we've never
been to before in Russia it's house this
is a exclusive house tour with more
where are we this is such a nice place
dang-son there's always more to this
house guys there's always more and this
is the jacuzzi area whoa damn son and
then from up here you can see the same
fool so this is where the big bosses
hang out guys so you can like see
everybody you know if you have a party
you have to be here just to check what's
going on you know is that hot the war
because that's touch it I'm guessing yet
it's hot I don't think it's on I think
it's just Dubai hot under wine huh okay
I'm quickly going down to see what type
of you get so Rock is actually standing
right above the water for now and I want
to see how it looks like hey yo that is
crazy that is such a crazy view if you
can see my boy wash it off here anyways
that is super awesome guys just for even
a fall that is crazy cool I look at him
he's on top of the world right now and
you can just use that as like a little
jumping ramp for the same pool anyways
we're going to go up this side which I
haven't been before either they've got
like a little water slide over here look
at this from up here you can access this
little waterslide that goes down crack
you mate in
the jungles with my Jordans what I'm
doing more oh boy so I'm gonna attempt
the picture this is what we do place the
gram boy 7 yo I feel so bad in my phone
and stuff in here slowly
oh yeah then I came here let me just in
case I thought maybe my phone and stuff
ok so we're gonna leave the jacuzzi area
now and head back down I just love this
pathway it looks like a mini jungle over
here just walking through all of these
which I come that way alright so we're
just trying to follow rush it down woo
like a this way bro I swear the lion
cage is open
nothing's inside oh my god guys this
cage is for a lion no no I swear for a
second my heart drop oh this is a line
in there normally okay so to show you
the true beauty of this farm I'm gonna
take you guys for a whole spin in this
car so without further ado let's go
this is like one of my favorite tunnels
ever just looks fantastic and yeah
behind us we have our security bowling
you're in that that day the day is now
opening by the way what if these trees
are gonna fully cover this place once
they grow in winter that's gonna be
awesome but for now let's go you guys
should know this game
the famous svj is you got the Zephyr
over there to our left we got I don't
know what animals those are but it's
just loads of cool animals over there
this is just look as there's no chalk oh
yeah this one has no charge with oh okay
check it out boys this is like on the
last bit of battery left so alright we
made it to the main zoo ok so I did tell
you that we came over here to do the
scene for the little music video and
what's funny is we were supposed to
memorize the words but of course we
forgot to so we've written them on a
piece of paper and we're gonna read off
these little boards by the way those are
the explosives coming in we need some
explosives for the video so we put them
in that box that's the second pack I
know
another pack of explosives there alright
there they go boys oh here they come
boom okay a little bit less dramatic
than I thought is if you don't remember
these are the $25,000 camera so you
don't want to break them that is for
sure okay boy so if you're something
that watches the channel you should be
familiar with where we are right now
this is like the main seating area so
let's go inside and for the people that
I haven't seen it let's check it out and
if you're somebody that has it's always
lovely to see so yeah alright so as you
guys enter you can see that this place
looks like a cave and
just want the most unique walkways ever
and if you guys are familiar to the
channel you know the infamous cheetah
that's at the door guarding it so let's
go inside and see what's up
whoo alright so the first thing you can
see is a lion a white lion over here
there's a male and a female and they're
just staring at our camera boys okay so
once you turn right and come upstairs
here is the famous dining table
there's been countless celebrity saying
here eating an amazing place to eat your
food and just check out the whole
scenery this place has amazing amazing
stuff now that we're done with the
dining area let's move over to the
seating area this place is absolutely
fantastic as you'll be seeing throughout
the day we play here with the baby Cubs
and stuff like that and all around
through each one of these glasses they
have very very unique animals and it's
just amazing guys check it out they're
building new spaces for these animals
and they are just amazing it's like a
huge space where they can play all right
guys check it out baby Cubs are here now
in the living room what's up buddy
what's up they're super calm at the
moment which is good I guess and then we
have another one over here which is
trying to eat the couch nobody let go
yawn
he's trying to eat your couch this guy's
he's not letting go lions gotta eat or
the Lions gonna eat yeah this guy just
thinks that I taste really nice guys so
every time he comes on me he tries to
lick my foot I don't know what it is but
oh oh oh you're scratching me you're
scratching me go what up buddy what what
does he do whoa oh hey buddy oh oh is
that a bite word lick where my buddy
this guy's like only one month old how
come and their bites can still hurt
there you go here you go face your up
face massage okay boys time for the
music video let's go raw steak if
you need somebody we put me
do you know the lyrics wrong he's
marvelous Oh baby I wanna I want to know
keep you up all night now somewhere you
guys don't normally see on the vlogs is
this area now when you go outside the
dining room they've got like an outdoor
seating area which looks really really
cool so check it out you could sit over
there you could sit over here and now
we're gonna move through that door and
it's kind of like a passageway back out
so let's go oh this house has just got
so many mysterious places look at this
and then out this door we go and yeah
here is the main entrance again so for
the rest of the music video we've
actually come next to the pool now we're
doing a shot over here
you should be in this video oh my god
what happened you fell himself yo w ever
for this Zach oh you got him fully yeah
that is I just heard a splash any shirt
anything dad son ha ha ha he's like a
he's like a mermaid coming out and
saying baby I know ok so wouldn't be a
house tour if I didn't show you guys the
garage so let's get straight into some
of the cars these are not all the cars
they have but it's a good amount to show
you guys to the vlog so let's go
to the start of we're gonna start off
with this amazing Ferrari f12 that you
see here this car is just absolutely
fantastic I love the color I love the
shape everything about this car is
gorgeous so yeah just check it out
admire it but now let's move on into the
corner where we have an amazing hidden
beauty so this is the Lamborghini
Aventador all blacked out as you can see
and it's just a monster guys like this
car it's meant to be in corners where
it's dark it's meant to be stealth and
just mean and aggressive so this corner
actually gives it a very good look now
let's turn boom there is a rolls-royce
Wraith and all my it's just so many
hidden beauties in this garage so let's
move on to the other side of the garage
because this is like a 6x6 garage we had
the Ferrari the rolls-royce the
Aventador and the Range Rover but now
moving on to the second side you have
these two beasts the Mercedes AMG GTS
followed by the Audi r8 these two just
look absolutely fantastic and then we
have a couple of you know amazing Nissan
Patrol another me some patron an
Infiniti back there but damn these two
up front take away all of the attention
okay we are now back where we started
this little house store guys next to the
string pool I hope you enjoyed I know
I've showed you this place quite a few
times but I don't think I showed you it
properly you know a music cut up and
it's nice to just take like a whole look
at this place
and you guys have definitely never seen
that Jacuzzi at the top and the swim
pool properly so yeah anyways we're
gonna go inside and eat now had a long
day we shot music videos here we did a
house tour so it was pretty eventful
guys by the way this has now become my
official blogging camera so this is how
I've loved from now
I just started yeah that's why the
quality was good today guys i just vlog
with this humongous cap this is hard to
carry by the way anyways i'm gonna give
it over before i break it here you go
and yeah awesome they're shooting I
shall fake peace out
see you soon man take care of my camera
for me yeah about that
so as you guys saw there everybody left
but mo doesn't know he did it his
sneaker so check it out those are his 72
tens you put them in there and he
actually had to take my sneakers to go
let everybody else out look at that I
don't have my shoes on so let's see how
much we can mess with him he thinks like
he was like he was thinking the main
sticking made was like wasn't me frozen
bro
well yo why is the why's the fridge so
muna stood frozen and he's most looking
fresh with my kicks on guys okay my mine
where's another mine and you always
misplace your stuff where are you oh
what's happening right now Jordan how
are we gonna go without my shoes I love
shoes I've been walking around in
circles looking for them we can't leave
until again what do you give you said
give you some vehicles you read
something political said brush me bro
come on oh hi guys so we're gonna
actually head out to watch a me or you
already got the Resaca shirt on I'm
always still not ready I still looking
for my
I ready to got do it it smells like your
fish yo guys today was actually an
insane in same day me my boy wash it in
the music video I was leaving point I
missed it guys the clip where you saw me
recording it because he stepped back
that was crazy I should've vlog his cars
and I heard a splash like that what the
hell he sought to the security keep us
safe oh oh all the haters let us die and
doctor totally where the hay is if you
try and gain here you just might get bit
by a lion so let's don't you killed by a
lion
okay so the creamy stop by in adidas to
check out some of the stuff they have I
saw a post on the most ridiculous
clothing like the colors are just so
weird you know I like it though I kind
of like this one I feel like it's cool
it matches delivery Betty Doster
my boy wash it is a savage here he
asahina's okay where can I go tonight
did you like
they really don't like talking about
night either I think there is
competition guys I sure we all stick and
one of the guys in their watches brushes
videos and he was talking about the
collection he has and he was like yeah I
saw in the collection you have pcs and
Superstars and addy I was like what
about the nights though he was like no I
didn't see any idea
Yeah right LeBron's laughs what's up
boys is that prequel I guess 60 years
old this plastic they reward so much
like the colors gonna rock these last
week don't even say that there now you
see me too I shoot war ready war boy
I've never seen one
never watched in my life oh yeah
tripping oh I do all the way from Mexico
to come see us today okay we just made
it we just made it into the cinema guys
this is a smaller about everything
that's like a room in there I know I
have negative we're best friends our
 alone I shall let me move it
oh I'm gonna give a full movie out more
on the below so yeah even though it's
already on DVD
hi guys so the movie just finished out
we left my boy wash it fell asleep on
Twitter Moab Adnan they got kicked out
their seat I was a good even say he
was like sitting next me the whole time
he's like wait a second wait that's my
seat
money he stays in Aikido we all look
like asshole basically day it
was like me fully booked apparently and
then they had to get like two seats
above us and they can click on their
shoes you see labor see you in Mexico
LT shopper Allah soon you
and yeah we will be back in action soon
but you guys know it's been a long time
since I've had my crisps of my yogurt
but it's good to be back
oh yeah let's do this I love doing that
every single time before I wrap up
today's but I want to say two more
something super cool is happening and
it's just really different let's just
put it like that everybody say Yolo Yolo
peace out yonder Yolo Yolo Yolo and yes
they all service I love you yeah oh oh I
was in the cinema some guy shouted
Muslims mirror ostrich-like
our faces wet bread roll I know much to
us so like whatever I see you like so
many commenting give me a hug later
oh yes nobody gives me a hug nobody
gives me ahaha
anyways as we said we love every single
one of you boys stay awesome stay
positive and just come say hi when you
see us alright peace out guys see you
tomorrow
down to Yolo
