yo everyone good morning Oh welcome to
18-under blog so starting out today by
ironing out the green screen I got
yesterday is super sensitive I can't
even put the iron on it so let's get to
do some ironing boys whoa I have not
done this in a long time boys my
favorite feature about irons is a spray
bar guys this one barely has any but it
still has some and then what you do is
on the war you press the steam button
whoa okay so I've got some pretty funny
news tomorrow I she might be in a music
video like a proper professional music
video that's not going to be mine you
can rest assured I still don't have any
song coming out but you guys know that
song okay you know what I'm gonna play
it over me singing it because I don't
want to torture you guys so it goes like
okay I hopefully I know that song but
yeah apparently they're making like a
that song with like an arabic hook and
they're gonna record it tomorrow I'm
gonna be in it maybe maybe don't take my
word for it
Bob pretty sure that's what's happening
I think it's gonna happen at my boy
auctions farm so we're gonna see if it
does is gonna be super funny imagine you
see me in a music video don't you need
somebody baby I wanna okay so I just
came outside and there was two kids and
I thought maybe they knew about the
channel but they have lost their cat and
as soon as they're like you know our
case they stood across the street they
ran free so pretty cool I think I think
I'm a good luck charm guys like as soon
as I came out the cat got found so I'm
taking it I found it so since I did
change the size these Jordans yesterday
I think we should wear them out right
now all right let's do this okay there
we go boys these are the new kicks
looking fresh let's take the remote and
yeah let's go find Lana she's somewhere
outside I still don't understand why she
does this every day guys every single
day cars are looking clean boys another
day another wash in the launderers
factory make sure if you want your car
wash like this contact mo blogs YouTube
channel hit the like button and your
order will be booked okay so the plan is
for Lana to be able to keep up with me
today she's running I'm on the board
let's go boys
this is what you call a child guys I was
on it for two minutes and she already
took it off me because she wants to try
I guess I'm gonna be the one running
today she is so bad on this thing okay
she's actually being me now honey just
got ready
Lana's tackling her first curb now it's
easy trust me it's a small curb look
just go down
okay so we're gonna finally test that
this thing can actually go on grass dies
without leaving a mark so here goes
nothing
Lana's gonna test out oh yeah baby oh
yeah yeah it's not leaving any trace I
can't see anything
yeah whoo I'm pretty sure the battery is
running out guys look at that one of the
dots has disappeared now straight onto
the grass The Cedars whoa back onto the
pavement
oh look at this
he talks like mother he's like bubbles
is - in what up buddy oh there's a cat
on that ledge okay
so there's actually two cats that are
meowing you think they're buddies so now
there's this guy over here oh this is
the cat that's lost yeah this is the cat
that's lost yeah 100% sure this is the
cat that's lost no okay two girls came
by guys and they have lost this cat we
need to find it 100% sure no oh look at
him he's so lost buddy oh he's scared
shy go bring his box near you so whilst
my brother comes this is the cat just
seems to
some attention look at him how adorable
you wait I think he got scared oh there
you are
everybody come here buddy don't be
afraid come here come here
oh I feel so bad I hope we can find
their owners but I'm not sure cuz I
think him the only stir I think it was
only today that they were looking for
him but I hope there would be a poster
for his number like a number to find
their owners um yeah so I mean damn we
didn't manage to find the people guys I
know where the cat is so if I see the
girls I'll direct them but that is a
bummer man I wish I also which area
didn't I've been searching for the boss
like 20 minutes I don't think I'm gonna
find the girls to be honest so yeah if
you were the ones that came to my house
and Oscar your cat maybe come back I
know where it was when we saw it right
now but I'm not sure if he'll stay there
so that's the only problem okay you know
what I'm gonna head off home because I'm
sweating and I haven't eaten anything
the holiday so yeah I'll catch you guys
at home and then we can head out okay I
know I was supposed to do this yesterday
but I did it so let's finally put all of
these 9 pieces together and make one big
screen so emptied out a little bit of
space on the floor and let's get to
working
okay so about half an hour later and
babe there you go boys this is now
officially my new green screen I can
have anything I want behind me what you
think I'm lying guys let's go to the
White House
boom that's what's up that's what's up
so as you can see I'm right here in
America somewhere I don't even know
anyways I think this is absolutely
fantastic guys I'm going to do so much
with it but for now I'm gonna leave this
green tree this is so cool I can change
into anything guys like a new Ferrari
damn son
anyways I'm gonna leave that green
screen right there and I actually want
to get to opening some of your packets
it's been a long time since me Ilana
have done a back opening so yeah let's
pick out a couple of pieces get straight
into them and see what's up so we're
actually going to be doing today's melt
I'm in the tropical islands of Hawaii
boys so wine ohh-oh-oh you're lucky
there's no war under us right now or
that would have dropped in the island
anyways guys yep this is where we're
doing it funky wait there we go now
we're in the island properly that's
what's up it must be amazing
alright guys so for today's belt I'm
with the help with this thing behind us
we thought we are going to the tropical
islands whoo okay I'm really hoping it
works and we're still not hunting for
green screen kids that look very stupid
anyways today we decided to do the belt
I'm here let's get straight into this if
the effect is working behind us let us
know if you like this and then we'll
keep exploring the world with this again
anyways for now we pick the load of your
pack
today and we're going to get to opening
them so yeah
Jonas since Lana hasn't been in many of
the mill times I'm gonna let her
completely pick what she wants to open
so yeah choices to you by the way I'm
just gonna point this out there my
sister stole a kid's dinner I just don't
have the chance to you guys look over
there look into the ocean boys look into
the ocean whoa oh damn son look at that
MV in the building thank you
I don't know I love the name Billy Billy
and both are just stunning
the two coolest names ever anyways yo
check this out my cake mold blog start
there warper yeah okay let's see what
stickers we have in here they seemed
really really cool but there's a couple
back there which we can't see so oh damn
sod yo this is going to go invisible
with the green screen yeah let's let's
cut back guys without the green screen
he said green stickers I'm back into
Hawaii we go that is gonna be part of it
you don't even telling me don't wear
anything read your card you're not gonna
feel better you probably have like a
little ocean inside that mvl a good joke
who is this room by the way ace ace much
love to my boy ace he gave me so many
stickers I had much love for this bad
art man appreciate it got my YouTube
Thank You Oscar presenting that and this
is from you sir oh I like our map room
ah that's what country is this from wait
let's see hi boys it's a bike millimeter
a bike millimeter yes
maybe something something like the spare
part there's no nothing I can think of
um I think this came to the wrong person
it says you gonna give me the pie case
there's sensible vlogs on it yeah I know
but thank you for the bike millimeter I
don't know what they use it for maybe
you couldn't have to skateboard that is
exactly what I'm gonna do boys so now we
can see the top speed my skateboard goes
look at that guy's I guess a lot of got
a huge drawing of the Mustang which yeah
that is a big it brahim and al bond for
Denmark but I don't know there's
something sanitized behind here boys
so let's see what it is okay yo what is
this Saturday they also sent me a $2 No
Oh
again all right we got ah ok so check it
out guys we actually have these you know
the coins that have like a little hole
in them these are always fantastic thank
you so much for them and to store them
I've got AB dollars little jar guy self
ego
let's just put them all in there and
yeah that is a start to this guy as well
thank you so much for the coins is this
just me or Michael wannabes report
I don't know but thank you so much for
that there is no look at that Wow
look how cool they've drawn up this is
so amazing it's on Philip it says s
Philip at the bottom oh yeah thank you
so much oh that's cute
it's good that's awesome thank you all
and go look up my eye looks amazing it
was this actually open I received this
body fat guys this was as my sister said
completely open when we got it and there
is a lot of like currency notes in there
so I'm surprised this is actually open
the person that saw that open shout out
to them because they didn't take any of
the notes out Oh nobody's touched it oh
my god Wow
are you serious that is crazy it was the
most amazing okay dear Moe blog super
videos I love them I've sent money to
your collection this collection was my
collection before ten years ten years
ago yet you see he said there's a lot of
rare currencies in there so please be
careful oh boy it's so cool okay this is
by far one of the coolest things I've
ever got boys I don't want it to get
rearranged so I'm just gonna put it flat
like this on the floor until I take you
upstairs guys Wow
mad love Dylan that was crazy that was
just crazy and what is
what is that oh there's nothing in never
and this miss outfit I don't know what
is this whoa what what is this please
tell me okay
oh my god mama saves me what is this
doll I've no idea what is I don't know I
didn't know as a monkey I'm just making
out words here I'm trying to think of
how this how do you wear this is this
what it's supposed to be is this how a
costume for something Hey okay you know
what okay let's leave the green screen
for a second what the hell is this guys
I don't understand this like what Hugh
sent me this and what the hell is it
just please tell me what the hell this
is cuz it's weird it's just we like this
does not make any sense
guys somebody sent me a Lamborghini and
they didn't even leave their name secret
Lamborghini give your shout-out to the
anonymous person that sent us man that
much love don't-don't-don't done done
dr. Duncan got done it is finally trying
to open this last box up but before we
do I just want to say look at the amount
of stamps on this thing like did this
come like four times around the world
like God hell are all of these stamps
that is amazing I just want to keep this
box but let's get straight into this I
actually pretty sure I know what this is
but you guys are gonna be pretty
surprised because it's something really
really awesome so yeah alright
while my sister's gone guys we can oh no
I stepped on the damn knife oh it caught
my whole foot
oh no mommy's kind of foot oh oh why
would you oh whoa whoa that's bleeding
Maurice please please oh my gosh that is
a bad card or so oh my gosh why did you
okay can you saw a hole disarmed do you
want to flip laughter once again I'm
going wait hold this how the hell did I
just step on a knife I got it
whoa there we go boys
that is how you fix a casualty you know
I shouldn't have left this area because
as soon as I did you end up hurting you
yeah as soon as my sister left guys I
stepped on nine three two one Oh Nick
check it out so if you guys don't know
what this is this is actually you know
what what you call them things society
finally yeah the ones that you don't
need to contribute you're here and they
make watches out there more clocks I
mean and this is one of them and they
sent it to us which is pretty awesome to
them so yeah are you guys ready to see
that other to buy notes we got these are
actually my favorite too three two one
boom we got a Batman one and a divine
one which is pretty awesome so yeah
check it out
anyways what an awesome way to end
today's no time guys by the way let me
know if you like this like green screen
thing being behind us or if it's
annoying as hell if it's annoying I will
guarantee you it's gonna be like so
glitchy and so like pixelated so sorry
for that in advance but yeah I thought
I'd switch up anyways again thank you to
everything one of you for these awesome
fan knows and yet we always get some
unique stuff which I always love so so
maybe putting the green screen in front
of the house door was a bad idea
we need to head out now and let's just
take this off boys whoa Larry Joe all
right let's head out boys but since it
is summer guys I think I need to start
buying some shorts and stop writing like
jeans but check this out they have over
here it's our hands-free electric
skateboard buy something new for summer
like by the way I swear I regret getting
this coral Drive thing so much nada no
it's just way too heavy it's just way
too heavy on a do you think this hat
suits me guys that if I was gonna get a
cowboy hat it has to be something like
this hi guys so check it out I just met
up with the boys if you can see this I'm
like the only odd one out today like
look what I'm wearing and I'm like the
ugly dummy are these guys they're like
freshman deca doors awesome scene
engines actually heading out we had like
a long conversation on set and I forgot
the block guys so see what you mean by
therefore honey great night meet you
I think I'm call you heading this way
let's go come shot guys let's go for now
we're heading out with Imran and saw
that everybody's wearing their converse
today but and then there's me like I
need to get I really need to go w-would
you can do a shopping that's that's a
brand name on the back man looks that's
me
again as always you guys are a wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed by the way thanks again to every
single one of you that sent in the fan
mail I need to start organizing that and
tomorrow I'll find the place to put them
really cool clocks by the way the music
video I'm not sure if I said this it got
delayed so I think it might happen in
two days time if I'm not mistaken and it
doesn't get delayed again should be fun
anyways stay with some guys I love you
well as always don't forget be positive
give me a smile right now you guys can
do that for me right and yeah just be
awesome Yolo Yolo goodbye
