yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so starting out today in
my balcony is it so cool that this tree
literally just comes into my mouth in
like half the tree is inside my balcony
anyways I want to take you guys inside
because I'm not gonna lie for the boss
like one day I've been admiring the new
shoes I bought like I always watch
sneaker videos but I haven't read many
exclusive ones so yesterday I added a
lot to the collection so let's head
inside babe those are the first one if
you're somebody who follows me on
snapchat and if you're not start
following me now
mohamad do is the name I'll try and have
it here if not it's always in the
description but yeah I've just been
snapping from my shoe so this one I just
love how it looks like looks super clean
look at that whoa by the way I know it's
been an extremely long time since I've
released Molag shirts and I am gonna do
another batch soon in another color like
let me know what color you guys want I
think it might be white with the black
MV logo not too sure but don't worry
I'll let you know as soon as that's out
but after that I want to completely
change the logo I don't want it to be
this anymore so if your designer that
wants your design featured just make a
cool move log's yellow yellow anything
designed and send into my email and who
knows that could be the next mole blog
shirt so yeah anyways I'm gonna get the
rest of the shoes out I just want to
take some photos from my Instagram like
my Instagram has been slacking recently
so here is all the shoes are now out
whoo damn son - looking at them in the
morning I just feel really different
like did I go and buy these yesterday
like at the shoe man look at oh I just
realized the sole as well
dang
oh right now I'm gonna get ready to go
out and I don't want to say why it's
actually really bad I lost something
that one of you guys gave to me
yesterday and I left it in the Jordan
store so I'm gonna go over there and
hopefully pick it up like I left it when
I was getting these and I was like I'll
try to find out like where is it where
is it and I watched the vlog back and
this is all I do whenever I do something
I watch my blog back and I had the bag
and then when I came out the Jordans
store I didn't have it so that's the
only place I could have left it okay so
before I she head out today I've come
outside I was doing a little bit of
skateboarding but I wanna have a serious
conversation with a lot of you and I
think this could actually help pretty
much all of you so the thing is whenever
I meet somebody that wants to start a
YouTube channel or wants to start a
business their main concern is time they
don't have enough time to do it because
they're studying and most the time it is
something to do with they have school or
they have uni work you know and I just
wanted to say if you're somebody that
wants to do something now is the perfect
time for most of you I'm not saying
every single one of you but most of you
if you're in school it is your summer
holidays right now and I'm gonna be
completely honest please please please
do not waste these two or three months
that you have because these two or three
months last year was the most crucial
part of my life and I'm not kidding at
all it was the most crucial part and the
reason I say that is because last year
at this exact time I like most of you I
had unis and I just started my summer
holidays and I just full-out went daily
vlogging now for something I'd never
daily vlog it was extremely hard I'm not
gonna lie
I was editing for hours you know when
you're new to something like a basic
task takes you like four times the
length so it was extremely hard but I
will say this I do not regret one bit
because if it wasn't for that period I
wouldn't have been here right now and I
can guarantee you that and that is why
I'm saying this from my heart guys like
if you honestly want to do something if
you're honestly passionate just want to
succeed in something please use these
couple of months because I wish somebody
had told me that the thing is I know a
lot of you might just skip over this and
just be like whatever trust me like I'm
telling you from experience use your
time wisely try and make something out
of your holidays you know okay it wasn't
the best idea to record this in the
street anyways guys I'm gonna head back
inside to go take a shower I just came
outside to talk to you guys because I
really feel like sometimes guidance can
be really really good like even me I
still to this day watch videos to kind
of inspire me to do things and I know a
lot of the time it's so hard you feel
like you don't have resources you feel
like you just can't do it but trust me
find away just just put your mind to it
guys right now we're actually heading
out and the reason is my mom wants me to
return one of the sneakers she said I
bought too many okay so jokes aside one
of them doesn't fit me so we're gonna go
exchange it but she did tell me I bought
way too many yesterday yo I've been
vibing out to this song recently
okay guys I just made it here and they
had the gift
so yesterday abdullah gave me this and
yeah I left it here I knew it you guys
know my favorite thing about this place
it's just a peanuts man they're amazing
let's do like a belt I'm outside I think
this one's the first ever male times
I've done like a restaurant boy so let's
open this up and see what it is
check it out boys check it out I don't
exactly what this is bang
that is awesome is that money John oh my
god guys that is a money jar to put your
coins in that is epic thank you so much
a man I'm so happy I found it is I feel
really guilty that I lost one of your
gift so I'm just happy I got to find it
today what I wanna a a highboy so we
just finished up over here but something
I wanna show you guys I was watching
this YouTube video and it just came from
my mind right now so look on the bill I
saw this Parker as u-dor it says tip and
I was watching a video and in that video
they were like sure he's on the biggest
tips that people have ever left by I
think somebody left $1,000 for like a
waitress to go on holiday somebody left
I think $25,000 because they needed like
tuition fees
crazy I imagine like you work in your
like $25,000 like how it goes nuts I
sure anyways okay so I really want
subtraction bonds that have zips on the
pocket in the ones I have all of my
phones fall out so the only ones they
had or this material that is like really
clean stretchy one I think it's gonna
free that but if it's good that mean I
found it I think I was right there like
making some very tight look at that okay
success I actually found a pair that I
like that has is it this one has like a
massive zip on the side look at it like
this look at his pocket guys like my
whole arm can fit back all right boy so
these are the trousers I'm gonna get I
think they look cool they got like a
little cut over here and yeah they've
got a zip which means I'll stop losing
everything look at the size of that zip
guys I am so I can fit a pack lunch in
there
let's give it in and yeah let's get this
hi guys this is my favorite thing ever
like it's just so awesome because you
can edit anything you want behind this
like I three two one
it's just so-so quacking what okay you
know I think I should actually get
myself a green screen mommy is there
anywhere that sells green piece of globe
you can find one yeah are we trying to
farm because I really want one so I
could start editing my you know the
really cool photos okay my mission today
is to try and get a green piece of cloth
I think even blue works I'm not too sure
let me see let me see around if we're
gonna go find anything all right boy so
I quickly just came to this store and
this place has become like one of my
favorite places there just got like a
load of random Japanese stuff and you
can just find so many cool things like
this is a golden skull like Diamond Eyes
which is awesome but my favorite thing
is these things my mom has in her hand
like look at them they just look so cool
to look at it sounds like goo Oh
oh my God look at that and then we've
got the rest of them which mummy mo is
holding Wow I know they look so so cool
right there just take a look at that
that is like one of the most satisfying
things you can look at Wow I just can't
stop looking I cannot stop looking at
that did it break oh I swear the liquid
changed color gap is what the hell is it
me or is it change coming it became
foggy what the hell maybe
anyways guys pretty awesome stuff the
only one I still don't understand is
this thing like what is this it's just
like goo it doesn't even look nice like
one it's literally just goo that comes
out I don't know oh my you're the
lightest liquid oh my god guys and I
don't know why it keeps flickering I
found green I found green coffee yes
okay so the only problem is guys that
the material is pretty small so I think
I need to get like nine of them and sew
them together but at least they do have
it so let me just grab a bunch of these
I can assign take them all boys oh there
we go
we're just stocking up all of the green
material you best believe I'm gonna have
so much fun with this so yeah the
Japanese store finally had something
very useful oh my God look at that
limousine
that is absolutely crazy it's like a
monster oh my god like a double decker
live as it dies a monster right there I
just want the leg all my women blame
that for that for that for that for me
iconi kind of spazzing out there
bring Click Clack get the free go with
me up killers in your bushes yo kisses
like a fifth-grade Jammu beat me recipe
to Kenny and beat ya'll they've got some
fire remixes right now okay now that
home that's property try on the pants
that I got since I couldn't really see
them too well in the store I think I
like them though so let's just quickly
pop them on so I just put on the
trousers and bam this is how they look
like they're a little bit tight just a
little bit but hopefully they will kind
of like loosen up and I got the fresh
kicks on by the way I absolutely love
how this shoe comes off because like
everything gets opened and it's got like
such a unique design to it like the way
it opens with these straps and closes I
just think it looks fantastic and when
you put it on this part like you pull it
it just makes it so much easier to put
the shoe on who's ready to make a green
screen let's do this boys as you can see
we bought so much but before we make the
whole screen I want to try a couple of
things out let's see how it looks okay
okay but the first thing we need to do
is take all of them out the packet so
there you go number one down oh look at
that
don't do a magic trick no more in three
two one
abracadabra Wow and there is bubbles
gone he's completely disappeared
you guys saw I was gonna green-screen
something that nah mighty thing isn't
that good boys it's not like it ladies
disappeared three two one
oh he's not there anymore guys I wonder
where he went we have a serious problem
with bubbles guys he's just not letting
go of all of the green material come on
buddy
come on jelly come out no judges be
invisible right under there ooh what is
he doing
ah he's licking it get that off ah Vic
why not today is law - you wanna try one
of the hardest magic tricks in history
this is going to be insane are you guys
ready for what I'm about to do a Kade oh
I'm going to make my arms disappear only
leave my hands so count to three with me
guys three two one wah oh my god
what is going on guys boom boom wait
wait la something is going wrong right
now boys this is just Insecta me oh my
god guys something is definitely going
okay we can fix this we can fix this
boom what what man now we are back so
hopefully this worked out guys I wanted
to see if I could make this work with
like a green arm trying to make it
disappear I'm not too sure you until I
edit the bridge so if I'm standing here
like an absolute retard and nothing is
going on you guys know why
hey yours are going to say that my arms
are Photoshop right now but you know the
truth guys they're just they're just
invisible somehow they've completely
gone invisible and they're flying or
help
I'm gonna send you crazy guys just don't
mind me
don't forget it is your summer guys work
hard or what you want to do cuz you have
some free time now and yeah I just want
to see you guys become successful for
yourselves and you stay awesome love
your yellow goodbye
