yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so starting out today with my skateboard
I actually want to go get some like food
for the cats and I thought this would be
the best way to go the only thing about
this skateboard which I'm starting to
hate now is the fact that it makes a lot
of noise listen that thing anyways let's
go see how is whoo I'm not that great at
this by the way anyways I think this is
a pretty dope way of traveling around
the area now it's just really cool it's
fast it's quick and ya can actually go
on top of like obstacles cuz it's big
wheels baby I'm just finding a heart to
vlog at the beginning because I'm not
that good with this thing okay so bear
in mind
oh okay slow down slow down slow down
and I finally made it home safe boys
another day and we are still alive can't
move okay I should not do that anymore I
kinda almost broke that he just hit the
staircase hard ah boy so now that I'm
home we're gonna actually unpack the
stuff we bought yesterday for the living
room so let's get straight into this we
bought this I don't know I don't even
think I showed you guys what we bought
it's like a mini carpet for the entrance
where we come in carpet is out I hope I
don't pick the carpet
all right so and there we go
boom and here is the new carpet voice yo
let me know if you guys use this tactic
to like flatten out something you you
bend it in the opposite direction no
this is like the most aggressive tactic
ever like bending in the opposite
direction and now you just sit on it
boom oh this is called carpet piece man
dish dish ah vain but now you've given a
wavy look too easy because you stepped
on it so much each Bend kind of made it
away let's just take the statue out for
now guys first steps first oh my god
this is a huge statue the thing is guys
I haven't even seen this statue yet so
raw when we seeing it together for the
first time
Lana's just opening it up it looks cool
though from the outside looks white and
gold I see your head I see her head oh
wow
that is gorgeous dang-son that is a very
nice statue you guys picked it well you
picked it well you know what you should
do fill this with war yeah you can fill
it with war and flowers no bad not bad
it kind of works
it kind of worries hey yo that is
perfect okay so we actually moved the
statue from here and instead we put it
in the corner under the light and it
looks much nicer guys check it out
because when we put it over there like
it was blending in with the wall way too
much light it just looked white on white
yeah I kind of trust like an effect if
you guys don't know already Lana has yet
to actually push the trigger properly on
this thing every time she goes she just
kind of like half speeds it
press it full full throw are you okay
are you you're punching to light left
right left right
Oh this is dangerous you could like you
have to beat me running okay guys so
it's my brother's turn now let me teach
you how it's done boy you ready
MOG be careful this thing is shake ooh
be careful this dangerous love it
see that's what happened to me remember
two people on one horse can I actually
could you stand it yeah really I'm gonna
be on gee I could I'm gonna I ready
three two on this thing is you're you're
pulling me back way to your isn't there
like a minute like your Maxim's like
wait on this thing not bad not bad
hi hello yo what up please this is
pretty cool see you oh oh okay don't
don't don't wait okay
also you said posture magic lying down
on this and what you're just looking at
there
Wow now that you said that look at the
clouds do the solo you know like MIT
clips where you go like this
oh yeah
one girl you done is so funny oh that
wasn't arias
you carry so much into the road yo
shout-out to mere guys he was the one
that was actually watching from his
balcony and he brought all this cool
stuff by so yeah Thank You Man thank you
I just met another one of you but this
time it's on the FaceTime cool what up
yo say say y'all Yoda to the vlog guys
that is awesome I actually mean yeah
give a shout out there you go
ah that's super sweet my name is great
speaking to you and peace out you got
cool I just quote cool buy my security
and the only way I can get out this is
if I beat him in a race so you ready
ready three two one
I carried oh my god whoa poop emoji whoa
we got it boys we got our clip all right
guys so for the past like two hours
we've been like constantly going by the
cars I'm sure you guys saw all of the
clips and that is how we got them you
shout out to my emojis for helping out
and this whoa you do not realize how
tired and they actually really cool no
matter what you put them on I look at
this they're on the cars right now and
it just makes it look gangster
it makes it look gangster by the way my
security did actually stop me I was like
what are you doing what is that thing I
was like don't worry race me and there's
no questions asked and feels like let's
do this let no my security is super
chill I love him he's awesome
and here's let's go inside boys that is
a wrap for our video I am sweating
bricks right now that was a workout and
I didn't even move it's like the MA so I
dropped here yeah that's enough man I
don't even need to move nowadays I just
stand outside in psycho sauna so they
were in the furniture store I told you
that I was gonna get the chocolate
machine maker and I actually did I just
didn't really show you guys new
purchasing it and it's finally time to
open it today so let's get to cracking
if you see on our table we have a loaded
desserts and stuff which are gonna dip
into the chocolate but yeah this should
be pretty awesome never had one at home
let's get this opened up whoa Oh baby
Wow check it out check it out boys hmm
the only thing I want to know now is how
did you turn this bad boy on okay so we
actually need a lot of chocolate to get
this working so we're gonna head out now
to buy that before our guests come over
we're actually using this is we have
some guests come over now and I don't
know why I just didn't set it up from
the time we got it you had it for like a
couple of days Bob it's so busy my
skateboard I forgot about it
so you
let's get this set up and ready to go
check it out so the thing actually takes
a full jar of Nutella like it said 800
grams and this jar is 750 s I think it
should be just enough so yeah let's put
this in our basket and go and test it
out man dang the thing is I want to make
sure I get the Nutella back because I'm
sure nobody's gonna eat that much so and
I must have to pour it back in somehow I
don't know how it's gonna work out so
let's see okay first things first
that's just quickly open this Nutella I
love the sound of fresh not that I make
this as it is oh it sounds amazing
anyways I shall I are always trying it
this gold thing off without leaving any
trace but it's impossible like if you're
nothing open like me you know see
doesn't work it does not work like you
have to always have a little bit the
edge don't worry about that's a pretty
clean opening sounds pretty clean whoo
all right guys let's put this in the
microwave and melt it I'm not sure it
said it works I think so mommy pressed
on bun yo we just bought another Nutella
in and it started making a weird noise
let's see if this starts making a weird
noise quickly turn it off
hi this one looks pretty safe to me that
just won't back just in case
here goes nothing boys oh oh that looks
so delicious so much nuts Ella now we
can put this into the microwave no no
that blow up guys okay let's mix this up
so check this out guys I just plug this
in it's only on the heat mode now but
when I turn it to this just take a look
up here a gay I'm going to switch the
flick bulb and what this does is it kind
of pushes the chocolate up this is going
to be really cool look at that that is
epic I my Moe's got the mixture boy so
pour it all into here and we should be
good to go that is so much chocolate
three two one oh oh oh my god that is
epic it just doesn't look as smooth as
it should I think we need to add more
money mo what's up yeah it makes a lot
of noise like anything crazy I'm not
having that a dessert table one remember
as I said we needed much more to fill
this up so we're trying our best over
here anyways boys that is the new
chocolate fountain maker I can't even I
can't have it on when i'm speaking it's
way too loud but it does look really
cool you guys gon tell me if that is
cool or not i know it looks very budget
it looks like a very cheap valentin but
i thought it should have like a nicer
like blow and secondly a better sound
than that because what that
is that but I just realized for these
chocolate fountains you need a lot of
chocolate like I didn't know like we
just emptied a whole Nutella jar and a
half like my old one we had a half a
Nutella jar and it's still not like full
so imagine how much chocolate you need
to fill that up so look our new dining
table guys yesterday we bought like a
load of the things you put under your
plate and it looks really fancy now like
1% of the year yeah well yes messy all
the time sorry by the way come check out
the chocolate thing I have no it's not
on it's non oh wait oh wait wait for it
wait
yeah buddy at least a taste nice though
watch oh my god you couldn't enter luck
Yeah right I don't think you're doing
it's delicious guys you do not realize
how long has been since we turned this
TV on it's been like years guys I is
this like a new show I feel like I'm an
old person I don't even know what shows
are out now it's like Oh movie ok guys
where's moe we're looking for him he
where is he guys oh my god guys
I think you do like WWE wrestling
championships guys oh my gosh oh oh you
guys can you find more blocks we can't
see you oh my gosh okay no are you okay
under there okay oh my gosh
hi guys our friends are just about to
leave but before they do I thought I'd
show you their Bentley which is
absolutely gorgeous so this is a Bentley
v8s Mulliner I got know in the back what
up what up
no is this my car yeah damn damn brah
but yeah this absolutely gorgeous and
basically it's the diamond stitching
only comes in this v8s milliner and it
just looks absolutely gorgeous guys I
look at the interior on this thing it's
fantastic I love the red steering wheel
the keys looked really really cool as
well check that out and here man even
the bottom here this is lambswool like
it's super soft anyways guys take a
better look from the outside it just
looks fantastic full red interior you
got like the wood in the middle it's
just amazing guys and yeah this car is
full out luxury and it's a drop top
which makes it look even cooler as you
can see in our garage
yeah so that's my new car guys I'm just
kidding you guys know this is not mine
but yeah they're just about to leave and
I had to show you this car alright peace
out Noah you got the money you're gonna
pay me Oh dad so as you saw there our
friends just left
awesome awesome time hanging out bubbles
found himself two new best friends you
know like kids are super good with cats
so that's what using I love really red I
swear my camera's like weird now with
its lens just makes me look different
hey there you go much but I just fixed
it but yes super super all some time we
ate a lot I said anyways everybody
actually wrap up today's look here I
hope you have enjoyed look oh you have
to do to the fountain I didn't want the
chocolate to dry up till tomorrow
morning so we kind of just covered it
with this cling film so it's kind of
squeeze all the air gaps out of it and
yeah it looks really really ridiculous
anyways I hope you have enjoyed today's
log as always guys I know I always put
this into your brain but I'm doing it
for your good be happy be positive give
me one smile right now just one cheeky
smile and yeah just keep pushing forward
in life and chase your dreams stay also
I already love you or younger Yolo
goodbye
