yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so this morning you know what the deal
is you're gonna be having a lot of fun
with my brand new toy that I bought
which is this thing but the only problem
is the tires are flat so I actually need
to take this thing to the petrol station
right now and get it pump let me show
you what the problem is with the tire
being flat ok so what the problem is
guys when I actually get on this thing
and the tire pressure is low on this
side look what happens when I press the
gas button it doesn't move when I'm
leaning this way because look at that
see that it's just like doing a burnout
enough put the camera right here watch
this and it kind of just does a burnout
on the floor you see that see the marks
on over here so let me go get this
pumped up and hopefully it will fix this
problem because the only thing I can
think of right now is the tires not
being fully pumped up okay so that is
what it looks like without the battery
and this thing is really heavy
oh boy whoo okay let's go boys ah okay
boom it just about fits in my boot okay
so I just made it over to the petrol
station guys and we're quickly pumping
it up as you can see over here so let's
get straight into the
and see what's up look at this you can't
even push it a little bit now it's like
so full so let's take this home oh my
god this is happy this is really okay
let's put this down let's put this down
I'm home now a lot of shears oh we're
gonna put the battery in that thing and
let's take it out for a spin I'm so ah
let's see how Lana does guys put the
battery and you're gonna realize how
much of a struggle this thing is to work
with no and now how'd you put it down oh
there we go it works Wow oh yeah bubbles
why it doesn't like a skateboarding in
the house he's telling you like it how
do you wanna do this
he goes so slow on this okay I promise
you this is my first time using this
outside and I just want to go straight
for it so here goes nothing boys let's
go I am so nervous okay I hope this is
spa all okay this is definitely tops
guys I was about to fall so hard there
okay this thing is absolutely crazy now
that I know it's saying to put it in
guys like it goes up bumps so easily
because of the size of the tires all
right when you go inside take a little
break and hopefully I can come back out
as long enough to show you what this
thing properly does cause I've just been
testing out as I said for the first time
and that was meant to man I first was
like wow this thing is slow but I didn't
realize I put it in the slowest setting
possible and now it's in the fastest
setting possible all right guys so check
it out my boy washer just made it over
here and we're gonna go try this thing
outside it's kind of like late at night
now but let's see if we can do it then
go oh no this thing is quite fun guys my
sister came outside she's gonna try out
Israel let's see if she can do it why
did you come out with the torch oh yeah
okay if you put it on the ford mode go
forward there we go
it has like a little torch om goose done
yeah you're slowly just don't fall oh oh
oh are you okay yeah this isn't that
idea yeah I just sit down sit down
good damn oh my god oh my yes sir she
could fall so easily is this legal like
are you allowed to have this on the
street I think you love the no I think
God's gonna hike our car okay
get out the way all right there she goes
guys she's good I feel like you know in
those movies like the police is coming
to catch we're gonna lose you mama
nothing that's worth making before sir
well he's standing oh my gosh you don't
believe all the laughing oh my gosh
sorry sorry I didn't realize
hey don't be more excited than than your
phone yo guys I'm stuck
this is supposed to be four-wheel drive
you know you get stuck with your car
guys yeah look at these guys oh my god
that's a lot Oh Marty's digging a hole
move it move it
it's bringing it all sussed again you
need to go on you can do this that's
awesome like yeah this is not for Oh
drive bro
I thought this was gonna go under sense
because I can't fix me yeah that's
flatten this out man I think you know
what it is I need to I think this oh
yeah that's exactly what just like a car
wait let me humming on this section
should I try it do you think maybe I'm
cuz I'm oh my god mom and you're leaving
like such bad oh yeah this Lisa okay let
me let me try it cuz maybe you're like
really him Oh Oh take off that's a break
way back off yeah I think oh just go in
the street hi sir why is she heading
over to the wall right now but I just
realized something
Russian and Lana are in a battle right
now you guys didn't lie you're both in
the eighty thousand subscriber rate so
thanks to our downtown
first one to 100k wins okay
the race is on a knife you gotta know
that right I said see who's gonna win
this valve Oh down below I think it
might be Russia all right let's go boys
I just started a new war right now on
YouTube our voice check it out we just
made it here beautiful white SLS but
we've got a unique color there is a
purple growth royce that looks amazing
and it's got golden Wow
that is crazy I just love this
I think they've customized out very
nicely guys there he just made it over
to the chocolate bar with discord Adnan
my boy over there then we got more rush
it and check it out we got amazing what
you call this the chocolate fountain or
something like that
chocolate fondue yeah and yeah we're
about to go in yo by the way guys fans
love me too
check it out so we just gave into magic
planet to do this on truck polygamy mode
dysfunctionality oh yeah oh yeah break
their Oh physical game
your jam by plate
fans can hardly believe what they just
saw
is it possible to top what he did last
year you know what go yeah how's it 360
fifty how the hell did you do that
yeah this looks like a great idea let's
keep going with it guys
oh yeah I let o do it again
Rachid sit on his back - this seems
fantastic vlogs you should stand up mo
can get height oh and that's the last
time we saw mo vlogs say what's up
logging it up sweating like some ooze he
looks like he wants to go out again look
at that bald head I could see myself in
it
oh I mean Michaels my wrong sport
all right boys foam fit time foam bit
time you ready you ready am I gonna
break the camera do you
Oh baby oh no no I get rid on to take
her whoa
my boy all the way from Mexico
children's teachers huh he did a fart
midway through let's see is this not
gonna continue or not no way bro he's
been getting too lucky oh I quit Hooper
- so fun the vlogging this is enjoyment
I collect our voice we are done we just
finished doing our trampoline if there's
a lot of sick things are you injured it
no no I thought he was bleeding out I
found a random cow in here so I'm using
out okay oh wait no is my job who should
I protect it that's what my nose
bleeding oh no Brad you brought him
through yeah you sweat like me played
Trembley no cos my nose is I own fire
recently diet it just believes it's like
a cat you think I want to hear this at
that why my sinuses are muffled there
was in preparation this is the one I use
last you
you do my town use that for a wife is
sir oh good one top bezel
because I tell I don't worry yourself
hold on Elaine you when I let him know
should I let him know this is used red
stains never now we're going our the
regidani we're just getting ourselves a
quick drink right now let's see will the
system glitch on us are down nice
Oh what you used to do when you're a kid
try to call it I'm limited oh oh it is
there 350 still the ripoff
hey he wants a war you on it yes but you
guys always know I'm one too the more
bike in my day
let's go look at his face what type of
face is that
oh I've died I died mad what did you
learn from this game I can ride a motor
about
don't ride a motorcycle tell you look at
this the lights he's got lights it's
like la gear on his little motorcycle
and they get hit his shoes will light up
soon
Russian warm-up rounds warmup oh yeah
you got that MJ in you oh oh what the
hell is that we're watching Pelosi's
let's get see what their faces look like
yeah look at that tongue out the mouth
like he's playing in a college
basketball game n-c-double-a March
Madness chip rochet is just trying to
get over the damn wall I'm not kidding
when you started commenting I didn't hit
one shot when he was going through my
face I did one shot oh my god is that
three back-to-back threes MJ with this
shot oh my god what is all this he took
this from little children just to let
you people know there's kids crying
around this place if you see someone
crying you know who took it
guilty as charged I came to me up with
my mom and sister who are here
let's go scare my mom ah damn that's oh
you bought another statue what is that
that is huge
hey what's up mana mana Wei de and then
I realize we can't find that table
ah that's smart that's really smart
you got a statue with our table yeah
great great great idea guys I leave them
for like 10 minutes on their own they
buy a statue that's gonna go nowhere
she's gonna hover somehow so we actually
bought quite a lot today we've ourselves
a carp it I was really tired to vlog
double and a couple of her pieces which
we'll show you at home but we're coming
back for more so you're like 400 dirhams
and vouchers again I serve out your
systems are kind of addictive you buy
something you get a voucher then you
spend more and you spend so much more
you get another voucher she's crazy like
it's just addictive to keep shopping I
love the fact that whenever we're done
like this is half closed then you have
to bend to get around it okay I'm going
to quickly take your shower guys today
was like an amazing workout we did so
much played with this little street
surfer thing as you can see and I want
to show you that we did some proper
off-roading with this just take a look
at that tire boys dang that is like
really really muddy
okay super late guys I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here by the way I wanted to
show you this any time anybody comes to
my house I show them this and it just
means the world to me like this play
button is so valuable to me and I love
it so much and I can't thank you guys
enough because without you guys I would
not have this and it's just amazing guys
and to think we have one for 1 million
coming soon it's just mine like I have
to say thank you guys again for that but
stay also everybody I'll see you guys
tomorrow got some awesome things planned
to come yeah
catch guys then Yolo Yolo good boy oh
don't want to break this
