hi guys he's 13 he owns the watches
check this out good morning everyone
what is up welcome back to another fry
ballistic vlog so today is a very very
exciting day just like every day right
now I'm actually heading out to go see
some friends which I haven't seen for a
very long time I'm meeting my friends mo
he's and hassen so let's go and see what
they're up to yo you guys seem so happy
to see me yeah I know this guy again
pretend like you're excited to see me
okay yeah y'all gonna expose you guys
why'd you do that for me you liars the
you liars
hi guys so check it out we got my boy
boy he's here I said this year we are
reunited yo your legs are hairy well
wait why are you commenting on my legs
no this is a swag Bruntlett that's not
hairy
that's no Harry no it was made inside
the jeans yeah the hair is the hair is
part of the Jean yeah oh is it
cool so you're winning in terms of
fashion met my enemies right now he came
outside pretty much there's a ton of
sales going on Seoul my boys are gonna
help design me well I got you my friend
but I got you I'm gonna buy you blue
cheese use a pouch limit on I can't get
your power dude approach okay you pouch
let's go do some shopping
this is what happens when you leave an
11 year old to choose your clothing why
are you looking at the boxers noise this
is the boxer section
oh my god no area how much is the price
59 so we came over to a relatively cheap
store and they have a Gucci looking
jacket bro it's not the Gucci tiger
sorry they can't sleep oh yeah they made
the teeth a bit longer Deborah it's a
whole different species of tiger right
there yeah this is a different angle a
different race $15 for Gucci this is my
first purchase of the day well he's very
good job guys I told you that angle is
crazy it's okay no hi son what's wrong
why are you flipping out but they don't
look exactly alike so you can't super
yeah that's my boy more he's that's my
boy hi boys so for now I'm actually
heading out of the mall and I know I
haven't been with mo he's and hasent for
too long but it is packed in there we
tried walking around bro was that not
like a zoo bro no I'm not anyways guys
basically I'm saying goodbye to us on
his all bro what I'm about to do next on
the vlogs gonna be crazy but I'm not
gonna tell you now I'm not gonna touch
you bro what the hell are you why are
you defending yourself
bye guys Hasan peace out Monte's peace
out wait wait why do we have free
cookies thank you oh my god I'm staying
for five more minutes bro
ten more minutes three cookies it's a
Casti yeah by the way before I leave
shout out to this guy over here hey hey
guys make sure to LIKE subscribe to more
he's the man he puts at work on his vlog
every hour voice so we are back with the
family right now we got Lana in the car
mommy Moses in the back is all gang gang
gang so right now we have something very
exciting happening again and also risky
basically we're going into one of the
most luxurious watch stores again the
same place Logan waters Rolex and guys I
might buy a watch I might oh I don't
think we're gonna make it okay we'll see
you guys if we make it let's go check
out some watches guys let's go yo boy so
check it out right now he just made it
over here to the watch dawn my boy
garage it's been a good eight months
since I've been here yeah one year oh my
god and this time we're about to do some
what shopping now so listen he's 13
years old not even he's almost 13 years
old and guys might tell you this kid has
watches oh my cup to just take take it
over guys check this out check this out
guys look at this bro holy moly
okay okay okay guys listen this box is
worth a lot of money so right now I told
it yo I want a new watch so listen he's
gonna take me through some of these
pieces and we're gonna show you so got a
girlfriend what do you thinks the best
for me Oh best for you is
ah how much is this watch this is 145
$250,000 but you know I think we have to
go for the cheapest watches they have so
is there anything in my budget range
anything like $90,000 98 yeah okay so
all jokes aside guys they have saw the
craziest watches a lot of these are
super limited and hard to find this is
the Yohan Blake
Richard mil so this one is almost
$100,000 like 98 thousand or something
but this is crazy
one of the most expensive here is this
mega miss profound on the rough seven
hundred thousand seven hundred thousand
dollars in Durham's that is two million
five hundred and sixty nine Wow million
watch but this is a two million watch
and I swear look the strap is elastic
it's the light history of your mallet
it's two million this would be careful
to see we're gonna take a look at some
watches and
so right now I've just been taking a
look at all the watches
I've decided guys I don't think it's
time for me to buy watch ok let me
explain let me explain you came all the
way here not to buy it basically guys
the watch I really want is a Richard
know one of these Hey
hmm and the cheapest one is almost
$100,000 dollars
you know guys I could get a Rolex okay
but then it's not limited edition you
know it's no limited edition by everyone
let's go into Jeep is guys they have a
really cool check this out this is a
fully Diamont apt you see that look at
this full diamond ap honestly this is
crazy this is a really popular one right
which one can I just have for free if we
got a million likes I got it for free
know if this video gets a hundred
thousand likes this is gonna be my next
watch well why doesn't this look for 1
million
all right call again never gonna get
away yeah I'm never gonna buy our lunch
it is per dollar heading out guys so
let's go let's go guys that watch me man
yeah watch me
yo what a crazy collection of watches
that was here is the thing since my boy
Raj didn't give me anything for free we
decided to kidnap him
here is the thing right now we're
actually heading back to the mall I'm
not sure if you guys realize I left my
Ferrari in the valet parking and the
valet closes so they could potentially
get my car impounded why are you happy
about that why not you cannot you cannot
my watch
oh we're here we're here yes we made it
guys alright for now we're gonna head
out
we literally came just to pick up my car
guys so let's go
unfortunately for now we're saying
goodbye to him and we're saying goodbye
to the watch so guys no watch is coming
off guys 100,000 likes and Louis by
hundred thousand likes guys for now the
watch is actually coming off so alright
bro alright enjoy the watch guys I love
this watch
until next time bro this guy this guy we
are finally back home after a very
expensive day to say the least
before we end up today's video I just
feel like having a small little chat
with you guys so I'm not sure how many
of you have heard of this thing called
Bitcoin okay now here is the thing this
might be one of the dumbest decisions
I've ever made okay now I have yet not
to invest in Bitcoin if you know what it
is
it's like this thing that's going crazy
on the internet like everybody's
investing into it and the price has gone
up like it's just like people have been
making millions of dollars doing this
okay I don't know if I'm too late
but I might let you guys decide where to
invest fifty thousand dollars and this
might be one of the dumbest decisions
ever but listen you guys have brought me
this far in life I feel like you guys
are also allowed to invest my money like
here let me know all of your thoughts in
the description box down below or the
description well I mean the comment
section yeah honestly there's so many
things I'm thinking about right now
you're I'm trying to be a billionaire
guys okay so I need to start investing
as always I love you guys little I'll
see you tomorrow
and yeah if you're new around here don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
the notification bell so yeah dude do
that alright I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow
yeah Leon oh boy
