yo everyone welcome to another vlog so
first things first I should want to try
out this case which I got yesterday I
think it'd be really built to put it on
my phone and this this case is hella
thick like look how thick this thing is
my phone is getting transformed into an
Aventador guys soul
alright so there you go guys that is my
phone looks pretty dope in this case
actually I like this I like this a lot
okay so actually all going to one of my
friends houses for if dark today but one
thing I just found out about this case
first of all in my case yeah that's cool
right lift the back part it's really
cool right like it works like the bonnet
of the car guys look check that out guys
actually opens like the engine on an
Aventador like the door goes up and down
I don't know exactly what it's used for
but pretty cool my sister I she had a
genius idea she said I think the reason
that there's this on it is to kind of
act like a stand for your phone you see
that that would actually be pretty cool
but it's upside down like what why
couldn't they put it on this side I
think the phone case is upside down I
don't know look at it if I if I stand it
like that my phone is completely the
wrong way around but a long time since
I've experienced a wind like this so he
clearly came over to the place that
sells the cakes and we just need to put
some money in the pay mir so yeah I
think it's like one hour to derms yep ah
mommy fake money both of them were fake
what the hell yo it's not taking your
money it's not hi there you a ticket
it's a kid finally put me on my ticket
boy print me out my ticket that's what's
up okay one hour 724 I swear if I get a
ticket and I have a parking ticket I
would be so mad all right there we go I
boys let's quickly go grab ourselves a
cake Oh
my god boys escape oh my god into my
favorite cake so yeah strawberries and
everything oh damn they got huge
spongebob cake in the house so this is
actually the cake we got a slice of the
cake we're getting busy the sponge would
you come with cake who is purchased
voice let's go we gonna eat good for
dessert today boys we gonna eat good we
got a massive now this should not be a
happy thing we shouldn't be happy for
getting chocolate so that down there is
not happy my belly yeah like I sure I
read the funniest quote ever it was like
the more you weigh the harder is to
kidnap machine and that is so true
anyways let's go boys and yell catch you
guys soon
open up yeah let's see how this looks I
just wanna grab it right now smooth oh
my god oh my gosh I can't no I'm
seriously Oh perfect
oh my god so here we are we made it over
to the palm I think this is my first
time going into one of these apartments
like in the palm I've been to ones like
at the end but these sure I think
they're cool the shoreline ones these
ones I've never been to so let's go see
what's up have our iftar dinner and yeah
should be awesome alright guys so I just
made it over to my friends house and you
guys should remember your boy essa and
the ug 750s I've looked over there the
gang some light well I know it's dark
now but they were getting some light but
why thought I'd show you is the rest of
your sneaker collection business is
booming out here and if you're somebody
who likes the 350s
we got one we got two now we got three
colorways on that ones and the fourth
ones in the box over there oh my god so
you've got a cool little collection over
here and these are what are these ones I
forgot these are the red Octobers in
here which we will show you know the NMD
game mayhem sun value dang these three
shoes alone guys that is $3,000
basically right there and then three
years in the colonies like hey oh I
really like this yeah this is the
colorway I like his last game he will be
fro what is this you got some what is
that said you know no shoes I was about
saying anyways guys I thought I'd show
you that gives a cool little collection
over here and cool like The Hobbit he is
all like he's a limited hey I don't
really find them much what are these
I've never seen these guys he does I
think Adi - sharks these like a few
times in the game he even has the Mars
Ellis the martyr jealous dang son are
you right - CSS famous painting the Mona
Lisa three years old guys three years
you agreed that I could do that I could
do that when I was bored I to be honest
guys it doesn't stop there guys he has
more
BAM that is the boar gelareh Orange -
Orange oh that's so sad yeah so nowadays
Santa's orange guys back in the day by
the way my boy actually has a pretty
healthy hat collection over here he's
got like 20 or 30 so check it out check
it out we got one by one I can't do this
with one hand just help me out we got
everything TMT NYC what is that what is
that yeah we got a lot of funky hats
over here man damn son
and wait hey what is that one yeah what
laughs oh when I was like I think in
year two they told me to bring like hat
like mat hat day or something
a Matz hat - x - 8 + - yeah what is this
one then if that's a monkey hat day you
know you had all of these in school yeah
my mom died I like this one because I
like my Chester United and he raised
voice for now I am heading out goodbye
to the Newsies by the way my boy even
has his own plate number like just say
you say plate number with his name on it
which is pretty cool
just had some pic door over there and
chilled oh my god you know the
conversations you have at the table like
when everyone's eating they are
hilarious icer anyways let's go we need
get the elevator boom and yet in the
morning there was actually a really good
view from here let's see if we can kind
of see again a look at that boys palm
jumeirah view look at that it's got this
like huge dome shape it's really cool I
actually really liked the area now that
I'm walking it when you drive by you
don't get to see it as nice yeah you're
just going by boss but once you walk you
really realize like these buildings are
pretty nice like if you look at that
building I just like the way it's
designed I in this one check it out
pretty nice pretty nice okay there had
to be a loud truck driving by as soon as
I was blowing like her like damn so I
brought my sister her mom over here gang
guys to show them what I wanted
what is this for it is just it's you I
know I know
like three
look at the size of this guy it's pretty
fast it actually is pretty fast so how
do you control the directions just take
a licorice this thing goes on
yeah its board will drive its four-wheel
drive okay that's a small version but
this is the one this is the one
whoa it's crazy I'm pretty cool the guy
that you yesterday showing me these and
I might get it I'm not too sure now let
me just test it out one more time a
thing is I just don't want to like not
use it when I get I'm pretty sure I will
use it but let's see yeah that is the
battery back on this thing let's test it
out let's see how it is I want to learn
how this goes
this goes in this how heavy is this by
the way like 10 20 kilograms
yeah I think more than this one this is
go back goodbye like your mom come on
until when I stopped that's the problem
just be careful be careful mom be
careful is it easy to do this is it easy
to do this I think okay yeah this video
this is that wait do you have to control
the directions yourself I own your sport
ready go
it
alright guys so my brother is coming
back with his new gadget wow that is
pretty fast
I've got a guy's fast ok boys that's me
testing it out for now just checking out
how it is it's hard to get used to the
beginning cuz it's so heavy
hey yeah I want this this is this is the
one hey not bad you know I really love
about disguises you can sit on it and
it's so big that I can go while sitting
like look at this play and I can swerve
like just using my but that's how
massive this thing is
that is crazy wait no stop stop stop
don't go look very slow okay Lana's
giving a try guys now the sitting method
is so good yeah but it's not that fast
it's not that fast
yeah pressured awfully no press it down
harder go go go go go go go go go go go
you're pretty good you just need to hold
the trigger down now alright guys so
here is the bad boy itself just came to
pick it up as you can see and it is
massive oh boy
- mmm son that thing is not and that
thing is the battery that's like got 20
kilogram box in here okay alright sorry
unboxing there we go Wow
what is the yeah now you have a backup
car this thing's like the size of a mini
car man
ya know attach a basket and then I'm
good to go
do I need to register this with the RTA
or am i good you have like yeah I'm good
then I'm good boom
all right perfect I bought myself a new
vehicle today a new vehicle okay as you
saw I decided to get it straight away
guys so yeah that's it wait without blue
the shop started beeping us alright
there you go boys you've got a
ridiculously large box walking around
and more anything I'll put this in the
car it is at least 50 kilograms that I
really wanted the boosted board you know
that brand but they don't have it here
in Dubai and this thing looked a bit
cooler so yeah that's why I got this I
mean maybe later when I'm visiting
America I'll try and grab one of the
boosted boards because I've seen how
long youtubers channels you see that
guys it doesn't push through so you have
to kind of slip oh my god let this
Ferraris in the valet just make sure to
leave a big amount of space you don't
want this heavy box dropping hi come
come through this is a vehicle we're
going through ballet with it by the way
this is ridiculous guys I sir I think I
made a mistake with buying this like
this board is heavy like a normal
like electric board is not this heavy so
I thought this would be cool but I don't
think I'm actually okay I can even hold
on to this I don't think I can actually
use it because it's so heavy
so this actually does not fit in my boot
now we have to open it so mommy do you
have a knife or something we have to
open it guys it just doesn't fit in the
food okay there's more sellotape over
there in the middle middle
oh my god we have to decompose this box
just to fit it in my pool I am sweating
bricks right now we managed to do it Oh
baby I so he just made it home and there
is the beast guys like this thing is
massive you could like put like three
children's like riding a camel or
something now you can fit loads of
people on that thing as you guys saw
over there in the shot light just just
take a look at these guys like the
battery is humongous like I can't lift
died I literally cannot lift the easily
one more thing I want to say is a lot of
people have been asking me when the
giveaway will be announced I will
announce it in ten days time
approximately so if you're still
something that hasn't entered the video
could my new car go and comment on that
one and also can you guys let me know
how do you want me to pick the winners
because last time there was a huge mess
with when I was giving away my shirt so
tell me what the best way is like is it
random.org or what website should I use
to pick it I wish if there's any website
that can automatically pick a random
comment let me know or regardless just
tell me the best way okay what happened
in the kitchen oh you spilled it darn it
another thing is I got so many comments
about how to make my nose bears I want
to say thank you for that my mom has
been reading through countless comments
trying to see what the best one is and
yeah we appreciate that
guys in the Instagram comment section I
saw your comments helping my brother
thank you
yeah as well like some of you were
saying that was too busy in the youtube
comment section commenting Israel time
yeah I gave it the information so
hopefully so hopefully it doesn't come
back yeah
Henry's guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here I hope you have enjoyed and
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be crazy with
that thing so come back check it out I
hope we we don't break any of our goals
using that kadai is a mad thing I'm put
in charge for now so that huge battery
pack is charging up so like tomorrow
morning should be good to go and yeah
let's see how it turns out is stay also
everybody I love you just be happy do
what you enjoy I like to say them words
every single day just to put it into
your minds because sometimes we need a
bit of motivation anyways keep chasing
your dreams boys and Yolo Yolo boy
