oh are you guys doing in my closet this
early yo everyone welcome to another
vlog sup I'm not even gonna joke with
you guys I've been to this from my 10
times this morning already ah you guys
don't realize how much I'm in love with
this thing it just looks so good I've
actually got something really special to
open today I mean it's not as special as
a Rolex but it's something very cool and
I don't think you guys have ever seen
something like this before I'm pretty
sure you have it and it is let's go and
unlocks it so the special package I'm
opening today is Bayon and I'm gonna
open it up but trust me it is not what
you think it is okay let me show you
this is a very very heavy package guys
so the other day somebody emails like
your mom do you want me to send you a
swegway and I was like slightly yeah
well I know what's special about it
because I already have one right so I
don't really want to take two of anybody
and they're like no no no no this is not
a regular slight way so let me quickly
get to opening this day and this has
been packaged up this thing is like a
car no joke it is actually the car of
swag ways
mami Mo's helping me guys this is how
hard this packet is we did it so he did
it yeah oh damn so I think eyes can see
this thing is a swag way again and let's
get into this I'm really interested in
using this pretty cool it comes with a
bag I haven't had a Segway bag before it
comes with a key that shaped like a
Porsche key is pretty cool it's go like
a really cool key
and finally yay let's get into the
serious business soul BAM and check it
out guys that is the straight way let's
open it up and see what we have
oh ah this is so heavy
oh my bang
so so far it looks like a regular Segway
right the cool part is when you turn it
on guys okay let's do this here is the
moment of truth guys that's turn on this
bad boy I hope it has some charge so you
can use it and yeah let's see what did
it say Oh
let's go let's go
you
Oh
so crazy
you
ah
all right since this thing is a car guys
let's take it outside so I don't even
think this can be classified a slag way
it's it's a vehicle right I think it
weighs like triple my sway great guys so
let's head out off the house and give
this a shot
okay this is speaking yeah okay no I
mommy mo I know I'm wearing different
colored socks again but I can't find the
other one they're just always together
like it's her she does my socks guys she
packs it up into my cupboard and she
always does this to make me look dumb
outside like she puts the two wrong ones
together so I wear them when I'm
speeding I'm speeding bye bye Lambo
this is the weirdest thing I've ever got
no joke guys
it's ripping in the street holy crap oh
yo this thing is dangerous you know what
the coolest thing would be riding with
this next to a Lamborghini it makes it
look like the Lamborghini is revving and
making these noises listen to the slap
oh oh realistically it's just a slight
way and it is guys pretty awesome too
much luck to my boy Rory for sending
this in from the UK appreciate my man
and yeah it was pretty cool to play
around with
hey introduce yourself why did you try I
meant say hi hey what's up just get out
again
wrap the car
yeah that looks so believable don't ask
me guys she's just crazy let me know if
you guys ever do this like sometimes I
set myself a challenge and I'm like if
this happens I'm gonna get a million
dollars tomorrow something ridiculous so
if I throw this high up in the air and I
catch it in my mouth bursting I'm gonna
earn five million dollars in the next
year
whoo Oh
five million dollars yeah I want to
share the craziest thing with you guys
so you guys know we gave our car in
about a week ago so wrap to purple
two days after we gave our car in for a
wrap guys there's a song from Skrillex
and Rick Ross which has got like 5.7
million views already probably over six
by the time you watch and it's cold
purple Lamborghini purple Lamborghini
what are the chances of that guys
got that purple languidly manure yo you
guys remember a couple months back when
I got this watch and I told you it looks
like a Rolex actually want to prove it
to you guys so although the Rolex my boy
RSK got me is not the exact same color
they actually look really similar wait
try and focus on the Rolex look at this
guy's they've got like pretty much the
same color anyways I'm gonna put this
back in guys I was just literally
wearing it to take a couple of photos
and stuff like that
whoa hi so I quickly changed up into my
mobile look shirts by the way honestly
thank you to whoever supported the
campaign and got one the black shirt
sales like demolish the white ones I
think you're like over a double so I
think well if you guys kind of have my
style I love black shirt so I'm about to
go me over my boy mode for a bit and I
thought it'd be funny just to prank him
a little I'm gonna go give him some
roses and see what he thinks he's gonna
be like your dog what the hell is going
why are you
Oh thorns Oh dad I forgot roses have
thorns I asked you a kiss I'm gonna take
your bunch of roses from you I wouldn't
be nice like why can't people give out
roses to people why do you if you like
your dog I'm a guy why you giving me
some roses fuck yeah look what I did
yeah I think a bunch of roses out there
and a bunch from the other time that you
guys brought roses by and I made up a
mini bouquet they kind of smell dead
like they're actually dying so that's
the reason I'm giving them out like
because I don't want all of them to die
so this is I can just give them out to
people why not but yeah I'm gonna head
out just gonna chill with him for like
20 minutes ish and then I need to go buy
myself another hard drive my hard drive
is like full like making you too
videos it takes a lot of space like I
filled up two terabytes so far that
that's a damn love memory guys check it
out side just minotaurs a lot boy most
place I swear they're parking is so
quiet it's kind of freaky anyways let's
go to the limo be like everything about
you scary
oh let's go see how he likes his roast
man let's go see if he likes them as
much as I think you all this is so weird
I don't know why I thought as I said
gasp I just didn't want to leave these
to die at home and they do kind of a
little kind of dead but they're still
kind of fresh that was so awkward I was
mugging and a lady came in and she gave
me a smile like she thought this is for
like my wife or something if only she
knew hello
I'm I'm vlogging where are you guys
I got you some roses oh you like them
another I know what up chilly
roses was for you guys you're my girl I
got a housewarming yeah yeah I don't
trust it and he's gonna have no facial
friends what is it bro
you don't like it I mean yeah appreciate
I'm kidding no we had like a bunch of
roses so I was like why not guess I just
need to get a vase now in a vase a vase
of Oz not a vase bro
that's why you have no hair
oh yes no you're gonna be I roasted in
the color yeah oh baby I like the rodeo
all right check it out you plays like
this is gonna blow up in my face - man I
feel like you're all about fuckin tricks
today though you played yourself that is
the road X damn you played yourself so
you jeez don't you fix it did you know I
still haven't done the straps worth it
you know not I've literally got it in my
bag I'm keeping it singing I'm thinking
how to do the back secure this is like
what everything is about guys yo I just
gave my boy Adnan the road X and I think
he's gonna take it off me good about
having some fat wrists it's not I don't
know that's why I did you guys wool and
grow even the Box yeah I put in and put
the Sheep go back yeah I just told my
boy Adnan and more about the purple
Lambo song the coincidence right whoo
also music video thumbs up I hope they
put me in it oh my god
yo Skrillex I'm Rick Ross we have a
purple Lambo it's ready for your shoes I
just won - yeah we doubled up on purple
Lambos for your shoot so hit me up here
yeah I don't want to turn my Lancer
purple our Boyz 4 now I'm heading out
see you soon buddy good see ya
by the way guys let me just say this
next time we come here it's actually
gonna be fully furnished up I think
right yeah there's gonna be like a
massive TV over there anyways a 50-inch
I can either lifted hands peace out oh
yes malai better it's gonna go
ho now if you go pick up mummy mo and
then head over to the wall oh my god my
ears let me go down so posh your ear
stop hopping whoa hi nobody in sight
all right quick stop at the supermarket
what do these damn cat see have you guys
ever been food shopping for your pet
like why do they have so many brands of
food like these cats and those are
pickier than humans I look at all of
this now we got everything the colors I
know I'm just I'm just gonna pick one of
each Hey look who's home boys mommy more
preparing me that nice watermelone hmm
amazing damn a a look at this guy's
mummy more with the diamond-encrusted
polo you ready to go let's do this woman
was it well I'm gonna go fix my Rolex
that's all I'm good you're getting the
Rolex from the shop trust me that was a
gift
dad let's go and get some stuff man
are they honking so just got my hard
drive
that means the mo blogs videos are going
to be saved they're gonna be safe and
sound give me a price dammit give me a
price zero Durham's really zero Durham's
nah mommy that's that's look at this
guy's it doesn't even work oh there yeah
check it out boys we greatly came to get
some food and this thing started
vibrating
which one are you gonna go for it's a
do-or-die moment guys it's a do-or-die
come on
you got ripped off for your money mummy
that's what I was gonna help hey I'm
about to eat food hey I'm about to eat
food
hey we got that rubbish sushi hey I
think sue sushi Hey this is what happens
when you hang out with rappers okay I
wanted to show you the cats right now
they're in the bathroom look at them one
of them's actually sleeping inside the
safe oh my god is it kitty oh no oh my
god I really want to turn on the tap on
her look they just throw everything down
and kitty she loves to find all my ear
buds I managed to stop her from taking
the rest Wow on the floor she actually
takes all of them and just Chuck's on
the bar look at this guy and his stay
awesome love you we'll catch you guys
some more for another awesome day by the
way I actually had a chat with one of
you the mall and I kind of wanted to say
to the rest of you he actually came and
told me straight up like we met even
vlog me my there might be a vlog up of
somebody just saying yo what's up with
me but he was telling me like yo I love
your vlogs but he said that he has a lot
of friends that hate my vlogs and he
asked me what he should tell them I just
told him straight up you don't even need
to respond to the haters in any way like
he said they're his friends and stuff
but I was like I don't do it guys if
you're something you're in a situation
where even you have hate just do your
own thing guys I was just heading miles
aside he was like yo I personally love
your blogs and stuff but my friends
don't like you watched I tell them
because he was like kind of nervous that
they'd hate him after he blogged with me
I was like just do your own thing
ignoring just guys the best thing in any
hate situation is don't respond because
if you do you're going to be co-op in a
whirlpool of hate and it just goes down
from there stay up stay strong ignore
the hate and keep doing you guys love
you see you guys tomorrow
yell Yolo goodbye
