yo yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog rise and shine everybody
Lamborghini is looking absolutely
magnificent today in the sun we're
actually going to change the plate
number today and you guys really like
what the hell you guys just got this
plate number Neverland
don't worry you guys they're actually
not changing the number or anything
we're going to get a smaller plate for
the car so obviously when you have a
smaller plate you can see more of the
shape of the car and it generally looks
cooler so we're heading over now to go
change this up and it should be an
amazing day but ah this car looks so
good
you ready to go guys yes we are oh look
at that color change Wow
it's actually so much more purple car
sounds so good the coolest more about
this rap guys is the back oh my god I
just choked them our bread the fact that
when you look in the mirror it's
actually also purple hi guys check it
out we just made it over here as you can
see the two llamas are here my sister's
number plate is off look how nice that
looks guys alright we're gonna go get
the smaller plate for it now so let's
head in for the moment and yeah my
sister's car is also gonna get washed up
so it's gonna like a maid like today is
gonna look in its final form you play
fully washed ah we're gonna get in the
g-wagon and head out let's do this this
is such a beast car man one of my
favorite things about the G Wagon is I
have to press this button to open it so
different you know and you have to slam
the door to close the ayat let's get in
oh boy wanna move your chair Ford I
can't fit
killing me so we just made it over to
the RTA and check it out
this is my sister's plate number in my
ham we're gonna go change this for a
smaller plate right now so let's go do
that and see how it turns out I'm not
yeah I told you guys that we're changing
it to a colorful one so let's see how it
looks like so before and baby if you
guys can tell this is such a time you
plate number and it's very good my
sister we actually pranked her and told
her that they don't give out any small
pitch because you get a big plate for
the back of your car and a small plate
for the front and we're going to give in
a big one so far so let's give her a
small one okay here's your souffle I
thought that I couldn't get the small
one if you guys would yeah I told them
and it's so cool right so cool thank you
oh my god so tiny is like a baby play
all right let's go put that on the car
okay so we just made it back to the cars
with the plates you guys know what's
really cool so they just wash the cars
and look at the war guys it looks purple
because of the reflection it's like
purple blood coming from the car we're
gonna have an exact same plate oh my god
that is so crazy but look how tiny is
guys compared to like that's a normal
sized play my sister's hand so you can
see the size difference
shai hold it for you all right let's see
does she like it like this guys so
that's in the middle what do you think
or if it's on the side then I'm trying
to see okay how do they do it it will go
like this
so they just stuck on the plate and the
cars look absolutely identical so that's
Lana's car and bang look you don't even
realize it at different cars they're
literally just twins right now it sounds
so funny when they both Sajjad really
brands at Ferraris gonna be our leader
again today the big boss
gee I'd uh stay down
that sound yeah yeah let's bring down
the windows oh my god that cars
ridiculous guys that listen to this
that's definitely a sound leader follow
me guys follow me
let's catch up
the scars of my sound due to the scars
and I stopped oh there she is guys we
found her
hey it's a ball and the ground is the
quad
oh my God look at this car guys we
thought we had exotic colors oh it's got
like a mint blue to it okay so we
brought the car over here because before
they issue the change in color they have
to check everything is okay with the car
so just going in that garage
checking up and then they give us a
paper to say the color is officially
changed so yeah I just met Carla who's a
fan of the YouTube channel you wanted to
give a shout out to all of the Filipino
people watching the vlog and shout out
to car gaining the Philippines and car
guys in the Philippines that's it man
thank you so much great meeting you
peace and love guys take
keep my number down oh seven out
bubbles look at him guys he's behind the
door hey buddy what's up
he missed me okay doesn't miss me he
just wants the door to be open I the
this way you have to do bubbles you have
to ring the bell
Hey look at that mommy open the door for
you isn't that nice hi boy so I quickly
changed out to head out meeting up with
my boy mom I'm not even sure where we're
going to be at she was like let's go
have dinner or something I don't even
know guys he he was like let's cars all
right you know I don't have anything to
do today yeah buddy Lambo can't do that
get it check it out so I just met up
with my boy mo and we we decided why not
do a takeaway dinner so if you hadn't
got me some pizza man on me I'm only
yeah if you guys were in the patch
station it's taking like a there's a
huge queue so he went to the future
place and got something and yet from
here like this is our dinner like we
could have even wanted to go anyway so
really good for I actually have not
tasted me yet I mean let me try and have
a slice like this this is so
unprofessional
hahaha the more reach is okay it's okay
I mean you just had the margarita which
I thought of you know the Lord wants
actually really good that's what that's
exactly what very good other let me do a
bore July versus cheap rugs all
margarita pictures ever gonna be good
enough I'm not but I'm not it all right
I'm gonna be completely honest I have no
idea where I've come I've lost my way
but look at this area like it's fully
lit up like it looks like a Hollywood
driver there I literally have no idea
where I am right now I'm kind of lost in
this like fancy air like you see all the
lights it's like such a lit up area so I
just made it over here look one part
next day there's a pretty cool Porsche
gt3 next to me but one thing I
definitely need to do and I made a
mistake off guys the pizza is stinking
up my car
oh my god why did I put it in here
that's the worst decision I've ever made
wait why is there blood next to my car
guys
no I promise you I did not kill anybody
that is crazy is that blood it could be
some sort of red drink but that looks
like blood actually I really just want
to put my finger in it a check but then
I'm scared we'll be some sort evidence
tonight imagine it's blood of this you
my fingerprint on it
Hey look who's coming boys oh what a
beast
what a beast hey what up what up what up
you didn't say what's up to the vlog
what up you know what something really
really funny guys shops right she's
using Pokemon go to advertise look at
this Pokemon go we are Team valor if
you're part of our team pop in it so
they're like yeah if you're part of the
Chiefs coming to our store we'll hook
you up it's been a really long time
since I bought candy from one of these
places guys so let's just go crazy if
you guys remember somebody sent us this
in fan mail and it changed it absolutely
delicious so we're gonna get a little
bit of that you cannot leave without
getting Coca Cola balls that's like a
rule guys whenever you come to a candy
place you have to get some coke bottles
oh it's like 30 centimeter marshmallows
lasting lasting I swear I promise I
promise guys last thing we need one of
each now get some rings and get some
sharks hedge guys quickly just bought
some candy as you can see a weighing it
out they just gave into the Lambo shop
guys and look at the baby who reckons
they have every year you know these are
things you know these but let me open
this up guys I'm not sure if you guys
know what this is this is like a little
suitcase ah it's like a baby suitcase
they don't even have yours being the
complete food addicts that we are guys
we literally just took a bucket take
away our heading of uh Oh Lana Roz this
is such a custom car man you know it's
one of one you can technically say that
I own a one of one car nobody else has
Lana Rose on their car so you own a one
of one Lamborghini guys
- plays switch lanes switch play pull up
in the g-wagon ride the red light guys
look who's up next
maybe when
look how dirty my car is it's like
filthy look at it
anyways let's take the candy inside boys
Oh
let's close this up oh my god what the
hell is going on
why is yo this is the second day back to
man that's beautiful
Oh is there a no-no in this one
the NA sign there is a note there's
nothing can you see anything which I'm
not seeing like what the hell is going
on Oh Bobby right don't drop it all
right okay okay this is this is getting
a little weird don't
there's no card this time we're gonna go
check it inside just but this is a week
thank you I guess that's cool but it's
like water yet okay I'm not sure when
they dropped off cuz I was out pretty
much the whole day but that is so weird
this is so weird like it's right now I
want to say thank you but it's kind of
freaky at the same time like somebody
puts that behind the door don't get me
wrong or anything like that's super
ulcer who'd you reckon it's for though
it's for you is it there's no court this
time I lost time it said like there was
actually writing on it this time it's
just roses
anyways I I do want to say thank you but
it's a little bit weird it's just a tad
bit weird like they brought the this was
yesterday I'm pretty I'm bad in my
memory this was yesterday
but I think we messed up the vlog
ordered yo I'm definitely taking an
Instagram bow with dislike look at that
before I wrap up today's law I want to
show you guys an optical illusion that
drove me crazy and I know it's probably
like all over the into that a lot of you
might have seen it but this is picture
of a carpet and I promise you like if
you've seen already you would know but
I'm going to pop the picture up right
here again there's a phone on this
carpet like right here on this carpet
there's a
and it is impossible impossible to see
thou let me know if you guys spotted it
already or not and if you haven't I'm
going to try and highlight the section
it's like it's so weird take a look at
it now I'm going to try and zoom it in
and blended it in so nicely with the car
fit it's crazy
anyway stay awesome love you'll see guys
two more for another epic vlog but yeah
Yolo Yolo bye by the way vlog extras
guys check this out in my mom's room
bubbles does this every single night he
comes over here and sleeps and he
pretended missing him he's pretending to
be snoring his eyes are open and he
pretends to snore and the reason he does
that is he doesn't want us to take him
downstairs like he is so spoiled you're
awake your eyes are open stop lying
it's the biggest liar ever fart is they
all so good bye see you tomorrow guys
