yo yo everyone good morning rise and
shine everybody so today I'm actually
starting off the vlog I'm heading over
to the mall now if you guys are not into
shoes that much I'm not either I'm just
gonna be on his I'm not either there are
a new pair of sneakers coming out I
can't even remember the name this how
you know I'm not a sneaker that I could
the aj5 metallics or sake they're new
pair of Jordans are like limited so I'm
gonna go it's all about the hype guys if
they're limited I'm buying that's all
though such a madman type G yeah I've
never seen the shoes guys but because
they limited yeah I'm definitely gonna
go get them all jokes aside I have
actually seen the shoes so don't worry
about that and yeah let's go buy
yourself a new pair of sneakers for the
collection by the way guys look at all
of this stuff oh my god lighting
equipment on deck alright let's head out
boys let's do this y'all I just made it
over to the mall guys and I have never
seen the parking this empty guys there's
not a car in sight damn is nobody awake
it's like it's only 10:00 a.m. guys in
the morning so it's not like it's super
early or anything is early but there's
nobody let's go see if we can also get
mummy more pair of shoes guys she's not
normally a sneaker person but I mean why
not
dude you like sneakers my mom you like
that the thing is I swear we entered her
freaky Z's twice I actually didn't win
them like I really want a pair easy guys
I don't even know why it's just like
everybody has on and I don't like I need
one for the collection for sure yo look
at how empty the mall is guys early
morning there is no video 8i guys check
it out so I just made it to the store
I'm gonna try the shoes on if you guys
are wondering what they are they are
these so as you can see they've got
quite a nice colorway to them I like
it's like the silver and black you guys
know it's all about the hype so I'm
to trial my sides right now what are
these good by the way you're in five
lovely darling Oh Jordan five black
metallic there you go guys all right I'm
gonna quickly try these on see what's up
and yeah okay so I'm just quickly trying
on the shoes guys you know I found
really cool like the laces work with
this thing so you have to kind of like
pull this up and down like just with
this little glass part which is really
cool together so let's give these a try
they actually feel really nice then get
on me yeah nice more can I ask you
question what and take off your shoes
take off your shoes why you have
different socks oh oh I don't realize
they look similar thank you oh my god
I've got different socks now I don't
know that I actually just realized guys
I wore the different sucks
they looked red and yellow both of them
that is a yeah that is so embarrassing
all right guys I just made the purchase
as you can see we have the lovely Jen
helping me out over here
Hey and apparently there might be some
new sneakers coming out within the next
couple of weeks guys so don't worry I'm
gonna get them as well thank you so much
good seeing you guys
oh the receipt thank you so much bye bye
a morning stop at Starbucks
I could never drink one of these they're
just way too healthy guys yo if you guys
have never tried these like these honey
waffle type things you're missing out
like they taste so good like mommy Moe's
getting yourself one over here
now I'm good I'm good I think I drink is
ready mo vlogs look at that you always
have to take some tissues some sugar
some more sugar mommy mo I know you love
your sugar some more sugar just just
keep adding ain't it my mom actually
hate sugar guys that's why I'm messing
her there anyways guys we're heading off
for now mummy mo got her tea as you can
see a starting off the day fresh and
yeah obviously your boy came to cop his
shoes which I did end up getting they
actually had like pretty much all the
sizes I think except from a couple like
I was 11 and a half but I decided to get
11 because I know I just like the waist
smaller shoes look okay boys we finally
made it home let's get the sneakers out
the boot and let me go show you these
properly and I kind of showed you them
in the store I bet you Lana is still
sleeping mommy don't you think she is
guys she's always asleep I know joke I
think she's not even gonna wake up like
it's 12 o'clock right now but she's
probably only gonna wake up within like
the what the hell is that
what oh why is there a bouquet of
flowers in front of the door what I am
so confused it's not deer mow blogs but
who would send me roses oh my let's say
let me let me open up this that I really
want to see what it says
yo I am so baffled right now like who
the hell like okay what's it let me read
the Larry guys I'm like I'm so clumsy I
like dropping rushes okay mommy hold the
camera please I know I sure I'm so
nervous right now guys dear mol of your
videos love one of the yo-yo squad all
right
yo they have left no name in there that
is so heavy
is there war in here technique he homes
anyways I guess all I can say is thank
you so much I mean I appreciate it I
wish she left the Dave guys even if
you're something that wants to send
something and you don't want me to say
out on the blog just say by the way my
name is Bobby please don't say my name
on the blog and I will do that guys I've
said that before but anyways appreciate
whoever said that that made my day man
like I was like it's fresh oh my god let
me see if you actually take them out
individually like alright there you go
oh okay it's go pretty short stem on
this one but that is crazy alright let's
put it back here I love flowers and they
make your house like you know it just
lifts the spirit okay yeah Lana's gonna
flip out when she sees this you know
what the hell here issues I got from the
wall guys and I showed you them over
there but let's check them out so oh
here they are these are the fresh kicks
your boy logo oh wow that is actually
really clean like they look so dark like
the black is seriously like full of
color anyways those are the shoes guys I
don't think you guys gonna see much more
I'm just going to add them to the
collection I think they don't like
initially I'm going to be honest my solo
in picture I hate it then like I don't
normally like this part being in
different color I prefer those old black
but it does look decent it does look
decent
right now me my wife she quickly just
photocopying the receipts for the
cameras as I told you guys we need them
to send them off so there they are those
are the two receipts for the cameras are
just going to photocopy them put them
with the cameras and finally send them I
think how do you do is okay
tah-dah and there you go guys
I have no idea what my gardeners are
doing but check this out they've got
some heavy machinery over here damn the
size of those scissors that is crazy
you know I haven't like moaned a lot
moaned more what would you call it but
what you call it mourned alone
you know I can't even think of the word
I think it's good mode alone
I haven't mode alone in light forever
wait I sure I I so dove I can't even
think of the name yeah it's good mode
alone right when you like mow your lawn
okay I hope it's good that otherwise I
may be a roasted okay so me and my MA
have come over to the mall and the
reason we're here guys is if you guys
remember these are over seats by the way
we blew a load of furniture for our
house and they had like this offer going
on where they were giving back like 200
IRMS for every 500 you spend so we are
left with like a load of coupons and we
forgot to use them so today we're
finally gonna go redeem them guys these
are the watches I absolutely love like
look at the box they come in that is
actually crazy yeah look at this guys
they actually have like these chocolate
mold makers there imagine making your
own chocolate so you could diabetes
right and they have waffle makers y'all
I'm tempted man I am super tempted this
is actually in our budget guys this
little dome thing look at that alright
I'm gonna stop on the country let me
know if you guys live there okay three
two one oh it's China guys if you live
in China make sure to hit the like
button but I actually think in China
they can't watch YouTube videos if I'm
not mistaken so yeah that means I have
nobody in China watching me here I
should have in shape that there must be
people in China watching me you know
what this looks like guys this looks
like a huge another Disney Pixar lamp
this is like a huge version it's like
made out of wood and everything I found
the perfect thing that I want guys they
have bean bags over here
the only problem is they're right $200
like this is so expensive like 600
Durham's I swear that's the law like
last time I checked they're like 300 max
like they even have like a because they
have a gold one over here we can get a
gold one we could get a silver one or we
could get a blue one I actually found
something really amazing guys like
off-the-hook luxury
check this out so you might be wondering
what is this this is a golden toilet
cleaner yep you heard me right guys that
is a fully golden toilet scrubber oh my
god seriously what the hell is up with
all of these fancy toilet scrubbers like
look at this one it's like this pink one
over here you're like this is okay this
is like standard I guess some colors
like this look fairly standard but like
these all look like luxury toilet
cleaners no these things are so cool
guys I'm gonna send you in the world
yeah look at this guy's I don't even
know what this is for it's like a flower
holder type thing
let's just put like a bunch of flowers
in there and then it's like a decoration
apparently so that is what we got like
this thing is super long I'm just scared
that it's going to fall in here anyways
we're gonna take this to the car I don't
even know what the coolest thing it's a
statue now ready to go home hopefully we
can fit in the flowers that you guys
said I think actually no it's way too
big the flowers you guys sent us you
need about four of these to fill up
everyone
let's take this little bowl thing inside
I put it all the way our mommy is stuck
there you go guys I took it out but we
actually got this for Lana
oh my god she really wanted this Saul I
know I thought it would be nice to give
it to her what the hell is this now not
another one
no wha
yo I've done guys they're not elaire in
there no way is that one like to me it
for me again yeah
holy mother mommy holding your two more
an Lana
only for you the same exact thing on the
first letter mm-hmm
like what is there nothing else like
this is so weird
I am absolutely done guys like what the
hell is I don't even know what to say
like birds don't we go flowers and then
we got like a bunch of chocolate like
who you are thank you like I appreciate
it so much
one that is crazy let's get this out
it's like so heavy oh my god Oh
Anastasia uh-uh
no I don't even want to open this that's
how cool is mommy this is like five
kilograms of chocolate right here oh now
this thank you guys slam you go upstairs
and actually see where Alana is guy
she's literally been in her cave for the
whole day and let me let me show her why
go for a hundred K subscribers because
if you guys don't know this this I'm
just gonna say this is for me and the
Earth's gone obviously for a 100 K
special congratulations on 100k
subscribe
she finally hit it guys happy howdy
kilograms is this I don't even know as a
lot of chocolate guys like why did you
do this yo did you say you know how much
I spent on that no see okay i legit have
a question were you alive today like
breathing yeah somebody left that behind
the door
like did nobody come by ring doc I don't
know were you asleep
so nobody not nothing at least I don't
think so you think it is left behind cuz
the thing is just hot melted already
just like the flowers in the morning
this was there now like flowers came in
the morning you were sleeping and now
this like food is like somebody's come
by twice and left note saying this is
for you this is like the most expensive
chocolate probably here fine luxury
chocolate and this is about 10 kg yeah
it's not like cuz normally when I get
this chocolate yeah Vaseline just put it
behind your doors I love like what to be
honest it might have been because Lana
hey 100k subs guys if it is I just want
to say thank you so this this is a gift
from me in the yo-yo school I know I
carry I carried it in so it makes it my
gift is all this is amazing these are
the flowers yeah it's like a giant
flower pot yeah it's like you can tell
like look guys it's just so cool I love
the color
you can take them out yeah that's for me
though by the way it was literally is
that two more vlogs only for you I don't
know I'd literally go
I did not write the letter it said two
more vlogs only for you I loved the
video I did know right then as always
you guys are gonna wrap up today's vlog
here I'm in my room because I actually
want to put these in my collections or
up there my Jordan collection so if
you're somebody that's gonna rob my
house and you really want the majority
of collection it's at the top of my
cupboard there is I know I actually
can't even fitness in there alright
there you go
boom that is number six or seven I think
it's number seven and yeah it's got a
little collection going I think I need
to start expanding because as you can
see there's no more room for shoeboxes
and then I really want to keep
everything with the box like even out
here here's another box that there's no
space for up there but these are the
ones I'm wearing everyday right now the
72 tens if you guys remember this hat
which I got from Zanzibar look at the
color exactly like this brown and green
it's so weird it's cool I see you guys
some more for another epic adventure
yellow yellow good boy
