okay guys
she got that sweet juice dripping like
she Betty cries I be that no Easter I
can call me ready Brock she be that back
door ah mrs. back door
yo everyone welcome to another video so
starting today's vlog in my sister's
bathroom I came here and I was really
surprised she has set herself up a
camera in the boss room right now that
sounds really weird what the hell are
you gonna record yourself doing in the
bathroom but apparently she's recording
a bleaching video how to what does it
bleach your face what is it would you
bleach yes thank you what hair though
like I'm gonna hair on my head as well
like bleach that or you know oh no but
like it's coming out in your video you
might as well give us this snake info I
thought that I could record it if it
comes up good okay where are you going
to bleach I do like you don't like the
hair like the over hair baby hairs like
on your face or so bleach your face
that's the video okay so yeah my sister
ish hey yo I think this is right and
hairy girls of them BH I can you know
what we just know let's see on your
video okay peace out I'm cutting bye bye
love I nice chicken idea why no like
that the hair grows me to learn bleached
MV so I gave oh my my
good luck with the video I am URIs guys
today today also awesome stuff like go
to your video man
she was the chicken of upload that
regardless and as soon as I say it just
sounds wrong I don't know why why are
you having a tantrum yo I know it's
super late in the blog already and
practically just started and that's
what's been happening with loads of my
vlogs right now but I'm sorry I go to
sleep really late and it's completely my
fault so I will try and break the habit
anyways right now I'm gonna go give some
food to the pool keeper again yo I just
came by the pool to drop off the food
guys but look how blue the war is over
it's like shining I feel like going
swimming so bad right now but my mother
is waiting in the car will kill me cuz I
took so long to get ready today anyways
that is super awesome I will be swimming
again like I used to swim quite a bit
remember on the vlogs but I kind of
stopped and I need to get back into the
habit because it's good exercise but
besides from that check out the moon
today it's like so gorgeous if you see
that oh my god and I love the fact that
like the clouds are around it like that
doesn't even look like the moon that's
how big is that you guys see like a huge
thing in the sky right that's crazy
anyways let's go and you have an amazing
day alright everybody so right now we
are heading over to go and test drive
the brand new Rolls Royce Black Edition
so we're actually going to be getting to
drive that car on the track which is
just ridiculous so that further ado
let's go and I'll see you guys there
love the most beautiful cars in the
world oh my god okay we just made it
over here guys and this is what you call
a Rolls Royce red carpet all of the cars
have been lined up Wow Wow
by the way for those of you don't know
that is the brand-new rolls-royce Wraith
convertible called the rolls-royce dawn
and it's just out here and if you look
on the left oh my god so many Rolls
Royces oh I can't believe we're gonna
get to drive one today that's gonna be
awesome okay so me and my sister
actually both going to get to drive the
new rolls-royce right now inside
mummy more and Lana's sitting over here
Oh checking out the rolls-royce eh eh
you got it on a computer but the brand
new rolls-royce is this one guy so this
is the rolls-royce Wraith black badge it
just looks amazing and under that one is
actually the ghost version of the black
bear so I think they're going to be
unveiling that very very soon
regardless I'm actually in favor of the
rape because I don't know it's just one
of my favourite cars ever so we came
back out because I'm pretty sure these
Rolls Royces are open and we can go and
sit in them so before the drive why not
get to just sit in the rolls-royce and
check it out so hopefully fingers cross
this is open let's the moan of truth
three two one boom oh my god I just love
this car yo Lana imagine just driving
this on a daily basis oh no this car is
amazing yeah I'm gonna hop in the
passenger seat be right back guys ah I
love this car so much I just want to
take it now okay you know let's get in
Hey hey Lana what's up what's up what's
good you're in your new car yeah close
the door man I'm still so excited let's
close the door guys and just admire this
view look above us we are in the star
land like that you know okay fun fact it
cost like fourteen thousand dollars to
put this on your roofs which is a pretty
big price but it looks amazing like if
you buy also you have to put this I
think that is my favorite thing about
Rose rose that starlet oh we turned off
somehow what did you do okay there you
go its back its back anyways we're both
gonna be able to drive this car which is
just insane today well not this exact
car driving the brand-new Black Edition
Wraith which is just
to
thank you mother
yeah ladies and gentleman
Lockleys the wormhole
hi boys introduction just finished and
here we are on the track with the Rolls
Royces and that is one fantastic view oh
my god okay I think this is the one that
we're actually going in so let's pop the
door open right now
dang-son day at that
hey you pull it toward you and then down
hi boys we are ready to go Alana is in
the driver's seat for us let's hold this
button and close the door boom let's do
this are you ready to drive this car on
the radio okay so we are on the track
now with the rolls-royce boys it's like
all right guys so as you can see while
we're driving we're just getting quicker
and quicker and this car feels pretty
cool
so actually got a lot of power behind it
like I did not expect this
alright let's jump down you know that
means we're going false guys you weren't
I press the gas oh my god
down Oh okay y'all chill chill on the
chair chill on the turn
that is this is super cool as you can
see the track in front of us Oh turn
right y'all going around the track in a
Rolls Royce speeding around so what's
one thing you didn't notice you can see
the speed on the glove oh no I can't see
it we just decided to put some music cuz
why not all my other ki a you're going
way too far from where I stand in
anyways you put some beats on to get the
vibe going
Frank oh yes it's not really like about
like speeding or anything it's about
just feeling the car but you're killing
me right now
Yoshi's I thought about a speeding and I
was flying out the window good guys
we're on a racing track
alright time for a driver change now woo
woo mommy Rose that look at it yeah what
up let me roll it up whoa
alright so Laura just drove the car guys
and I'm hoping him right now to drive so
yeah let's go time for me to learn how
to drive this thing okay all right let's
okay so you've pretty much set your legs
nice and bent okay put your hands on the
steering wheel first
alright so the arms nice and vented and
then when I say to press low you get a
post that bone okay no that's what we'll
be driving in normally alright we got
this we got this man and we're gonna be
heading out very shortly okay to close
the door you know you just hold that bar
yeah but the buddy
favorite part bears are good doron like
open the doors wow that's awesome
the roof is amazing yo hi I'm so buzzed
I'm just like I feel so blessed to be
able to sit in this car absolutely
like just experience it guys that's like
that's all I would like ah I'm it oh I
see what you mean about the speed yeah
as you can see the speed in the glass
right yeah he did not realize how
nervous I am I better just drive saving
tomorrow don't kill us Pizza ready yo
this car is epic I know you can scare
hole is it 150 there
we're low mood right now this is sports
mode listen today mom it doesn't mean
you have to not make sales mind
yeah buddy Ross very sport man I don't
know what I should be vlogging or
holding on for my life here mama here do
a pose
okay sharp turns this is actually one of
the funniest rolls-royce drive guys if
the orishas going like into the window
right now okay moment seriously like as
I can't drive me is keep your parent
passengers in an elegant position like
not going into the window
anyways boys that has been my drive in
the rolls-royce Wraith Black Edition yo
that's been mad I enjoyed it so much I
think right now we're swapping over to
the rolls-royce ghost blimey so yeah
that's gonna be crazy we're gonna stop
over from that car which we were just
end to the ghost now let's go y'all that
is what you call a lineup whoo that is a
rolls-royce army for you right there
okay Lana is now in the ghost I'm gonna
go around and jump into the passenger
seat let's go boys whoo passenger seat
ghost oh my god the red interior looks
so good
the only girl you can't see
okay so now that we're in the ghost I
thought I tell you a couple things about
this they've actually upgraded the
horsepower okay yo bro
you are going to kill us okay your phone
just fell somewhere here what the hell
are you doing bad good yo okay this car
is meant for drivers like a lot of time
people that get these cars of drivers
and I would not hire her as my driver
cuz she's about to kill me damn it
I'm serious as I'll say this rolls-royce
has over 600 horsepower guys and the
interior is just so like amazing I
forgot what they said about this but
it's just I'm really cool like material
they've use for the dashboard and stuff
right in here is one of my favorite
whoo
go go go go go we're catching up to the
next row stories come on
get out the way come on the most reckon
is Rosa Rosa yeah by the way we got
walkie-talkies guys and like everything
we say is like why are these guys
talking
yeah buddy that's what's up hey yeah we
got the musical voice hey and if you
read it back into the pit with the rapes
as you can see and yeah it's time for me
to jump into the driver seat whoo all
right y'all this is so close man I need
to adjust my seat is my turn to drive
this you know casual oh let me show them
what you mean about the speed guys ah
okay if you guys look there you see all
right you can see something there right
there
I might not make it no that's not the
best thing you say when you're driving
this time I might not be
Oh like driving all over the place this
is the turns but you can see us taking
and they're really tight turns
oh my god whoo this car is someone piece
well you know what I love that logo yeah
guys don't okay
see what is key oh my god oh geez
insurance guy yeah this is the term that
was used to talk about guys like these
oh okay and now it's time to say goodbye
restaurants I'll see you again the one
day buddy I'll see you again yo this is
a special Rolls Royces well it's not
even like a normal rate anyways let's
hop out let's go and what an amazing day
it's been okay thank you so much well
that was really really cool guys I think
that is the end of the little event over
here super VIP this event was my talking
love is the life and the nightmare
it's like stealth you know feels like
that mean aggressive look BAM
by the way they brought all the cars
back here and parked them up in a line
and check that out oh my god so here my
garage we have like eight rolls royces
you know what's up all blacked out
because you know we bosses out here
mafia squad out here what's up
alright goodbye to the private
rolls-royce collection Oh light hell you
know by the way you know red-carpet
events that's what's up that's what's up
yo there's so much lighting there no no
give us opposed give us opposed to
change it everything is being packed up
right now we actually got Rolls Royce
like glosses is all like drinking losses
I'm going to show you at home
they look so elegant I call him alive
but yeah we're heading home now at an
amazing amazing day on the track ah you
guys saw how happy I was and yet today
was an extremely special video I hope
you enjoyed it since they've packed up
everything over there they came in
parked all the Rolls Royces is here our
you got like a huge line of them I'm
just gonna keep walking so you can see
all of them in the frame that is
ridiculous guys like ah we are dying
right super super tired but I'm so look
at what's in my hand okay this is a
Rolls Royce pack and it's not every day
a rolls-royce gets you something so you
best believe I'm excited for this right
and then inside look at that go an
official roster oyster I'm struggling
getting minor yo this is super heavy
guys Wow look at that that is what you
call a rolls-royce Chuck never you know
they are very heavy its get home this is
like a half a kilogram like there you go
guys as you can see on the bottom it
says Wraith as well with the rolls-royce
badge under it oh that is such a nice
cup anyways I'm gonna wrap up today's
Loki I hope you enjoyed I'm in my room
right now by the way if you don't know
I'm actually doing a giveaway right now
the only two rules are be a subscriber
and comment on yesterday's video could
my new car and you're entered for the
giveaway and you're staying awesome I
love you all had an amazing day today
yellow yellow goodbye
