you are in the room with him play in the
room
but this is amazing did he just wave at
you you were the one blogging anyway let
me think i DJ for his birthday party two
years ago and I didn't get that kind of
way oh yeah y'all good morning what is
up everyone welcome back to another vlog
how are you doing here is the thing I'm
gonna get straight into today's vlog by
asking you a very important question I'm
planning on wrapping my Ferrari and I
need your help because I don't know what
color to wrap it and I honestly want to
do a crazy design I want to do something
crazy but I just I don't know what
whatever is whatever you guys think I
should wrap it I'm gonna do it for you
alright wait a second wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait before we
go out just a quick reminder in case you
guys don't know I'm doing a massive
giveaway of
for iPhone X's so if you guys want to
win it make sure to subscribe down below
and that's it just comment down below
letting me know why you want to win
let's continue and go out alright so
right now we just made it over to the
shopping center guys it is absolutely
packed listen it's like a jungle in
there there's like Christmas stuff going
on like this it's like it's like Jumanji
out there guys Jumanji yo alright so
right now we just made it to the mall
look who else we have
Rasha Rasha doors by the way shout out
to this Olsen girl partners but they
already know so check out the car they
actually have in the mall right now they
have a golden eye eight guys my god
today I was asking them what color I
should make my Ferrari
no this is insane see I remember seeing
cars like this and every
honestly I don't know why I actually
really like the BMW i8 guys I still
think it's such a cool car I know it's
so cool like this is crazy
apart from the goldeneye eight we got
the golden child they're going to Josh
we came here to do shopping but I'm
already distracted by the golden ayane
like down oh wait what's going on over
there what's going on over there
only in the Bible
you know what the hell was that no we
got butterflies golden cars sliding
defined only in divine anyways back to
what we came here for we came to do some
shopping
listen it's extremely busy but they have
a ton of sales going on so let's go oh
my god oh my god what has happened to
fashion bro what's up our song expired
go muddles see goats are getting jobs
not because of me get hired to be backup
that's disgusting
my sister song inspired goats three
models we got you bro we got that's a
prefect goat to say the least
he's bootylicious
I so since it is New Year's coming up
right now my sister's come to do some
shopping
wait is this Gucci this is Gucci
it's a tiger okay so right now my
sister's quickly trying on her first
outfit so what she's done I'll show you
what she's tried on oh oh my god what
the hell are you wearing bro I told you
by a suitable outfit what the hell is
this
that is so weird
it looks revealing even though it's
covered you know okay on to outfit
number two No outfit number two by a few
moments later against who's out love
something what are you getting I know
nothing at the moment rah rah one
hour one hour and this happened
I'm actually not friends with Russian
anymore you see us hanging out together
just because we have to fake it just so
I can pretend I'm his friend raw
keeps on telling me I deserve to get my
phone robbed this is the worst friend in
history really deserve it like you have
to know Apple created something called
password the password they're like you
know but you know that most not okay Oh
unfortunately we didn't end up finding
anything in the mall but I have some
amazing news for you guys
we're gonna go meet Karim Benzema right
now the footballer what
yes so did I but I'm meeting him again
okay ready burst all right so right now
we are here at duels all those guys
check it out the man himself basically
Bentham is here he's downstairs so right
now we're on stalk mode your chance to
get down
hi guys let's go guys
yo by the way guys you already know
we're here with the man Benzema the
legend a guys they're just checking out
some cars at the moment guys already
know he needs the best car so guys check
this out what that is a golden black
rolls-royce ok here's a fun fact guys so
I'm gonna let them look around for cars
because there's quite a few people the
last time we were having dinner for like
two hours
with him and I didn't vlog anything
remember boom barred by so many people
every day say can kind of get tiring I
just I just needed the thumbnail shot
and I'm different
bro yeah that's the Shara Shara I just
needed proof you know I have a sign
t-shirt from him
reseller so guys they need a DJ here why
is it as soon as Benzema comes why they
play Champions League music yeah guys I
call my bills or girls has creativity
that's creativity right there hi guys
right now it's time to get the best
picture ever
I'm about to get a picture with Ben's
Emma in front of the Bugatti that's you
two bees alright perfect
did you take a picture too guys you know
basically I was just saying hi to some
bands and my sister got another selfie
shot with them I just got I got the
thumbnail shot
I want to know what they already know by
now what are you playing putting you at
thumbnail or Lana I got him Cristobal
vlogs
I got him in the Bugatti or Lana and
Benzema okay you wanna do you want to
make the vlog a bit juicier yeah you
know Benzema like two of my sister's
photos but two he didn't like mine
rumors rumors by the way he spent a lot
more time like when Moe and I went up to
him like it was literally like three
seconds when you were talking yeah I was
a good like five seconds
you were in the room with him wait in
the room Lana we need to have a thought
they're literally bringing Benzema a ton
of gifts somebody just brought him a
diamond-encrusted painting
why don't we bring gifts I just needed a
thumb no shopper oh we should have
brought Ben's I'm on my mobile official
good idea are you wearing what no no I
got this stuff not to stir any drama
okay amber I would let blitz tell you
what just happened what happened I rub
my beard like this it means we got some
juicy information Benzema leaves you
kind of like sweep waves everyone
she said bites everybody yeah literally
I just had a guy so bezel is leaving you
said bye to all of us like this and then
he looked at Lonnie was like I wish we
were filming it I wish
I'm not lying I've been kidding by the
way you're kidding
if you watch this Bantam I love you
you're my brother
we love you human beings do to each
other to say why do you stop yeah
yeah if he watches that's what subscribe
subscribe bro no cream is about to leave
right now guys he's driving this
beautiful Porsche
but this is amazing as you can see did
he just make it again on the video did
he just wave at you you were the one
blogging anyway Lana I saw that wave I
saw that what he waved at her again
though she was blogging all right guys
for now Benson was heading out this is
why she should be blogging he waves and
interacts more yeah give her the camera
why yeah yeah you hold the camera no you
hold it guys he saw you saw the last
wave and she was vlogging you saw that
guys I was over there talking Lana vlogs
he's I am but this is crazy huh that's
girl power for you
the video is like a like I think they
have a sway to like promoting your
Instagram 78626 Lincoln to buy Lincoln
by oh me and bliss know the truth yeah
let me think I'd be Jade for his
birthday party two years ago and I
didn't get that kind of way I had to
reintroduce myself
he gave her a special goodbye he did
that hi guys so that was Ben's offer for
you guys thankfully Lana was here so we
got extra footage for you guys okay well
there you go boys that was Karim Benzema
I clearly had to stop by just to say hi
listen he's a legendary football player
and the fact that he knows me is just
crazy so yeah the Laura how was your
experience that makes it number I think
that makes it the fourth time I'm being
it so we are officially back home after
a very exciting day to say the least
today has been very spontaneous like
today's been a day where I didn't
actually plan anything like it just kind
of all happened so I'm proud of myself
I'm proud of myself I want to say a big
big thank you guys
2017 has been literally the craziest
year of my life like we've done so much
met so many new people amazing people
and life has just been good matters as
always I just wanna say I love you guys
all thanks for sticking around you guys
are all amazing and cheers to another
year I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow yeah leo
