how does it make so much noise this car
like insane yo everyone good morning and
welcome to another vlog so this morning
Lana went outside to wash her car nah
thought I'd lock it from the inside
she's actually giving you a proper scrub
down for once yep there you get it yeah
good job she has no clue what she's
doing guys she's just taking a cloth
with water and she's scrubbing her car
today we're actually going to be going
for another Lamborghini event and we're
gonna go my sister's friend if you don't
know she actually has a new Lamborghini
now she's got this really beautiful red
Moroccan so my sister's got the white
one she's got the red one so it looks
really cool the two cars are together
everybody is finally ready to go out as
you can see we're gonna head over to the
event slash drive it's actually very
late and it pitch black outside so I'm
not sure exactly what we'll see but
hopefully it should be good fun so we're
heading over to my sister's best
friend's house right now and yeah just
can't wait to show you her car and maybe
even their garage if we're lucky so yeah
let's head over and get the day started
even though it's that night all right
let's go
Wow we're like five minutes into the
vlog and it's this dark what the hell
whoa you better wake up earlier next
time we made it over to the parking that
we're supposed to be on we are going up
eight floors of parking guys so I can't
wait to see the view from up there cuz
it's actually a pretty high parking over
here okay so check it out we are now on
the a
floral barking if you look down it is
ridiculously cool but let me get into
sauna cars over here
they are amazing straight up I'm going
to start with these two event doors and
they just look absolutely gorgeous I
mean look at the colors guys that matte
blue is just amazing and then this gray
also looks fantastic let's move on to
some other cars now so you got a really
cool green here I can with the to light
racing stripes which just looks
fantastic
a yellow four five eight but I'm sure
there's one car you're waiting for are
you guys ready to see Lana's best
friend's new car oh my god
it is a gorgeous red hurricane and I
just love this color guys it looks
fantastic the interior is red and black
just like the car it's just remarkable
so there is check it out check it out
we're going to be taking this car to the
event today and I cannot wait no we have
no over there which is a pro drifter in
the making
Noah show drift
hey trying to head out now everybody is
ready let's go engine on sounds very
nice okay
I don't know who I'm going in all the
llamas are just getting switched on guys
Lana and her best friend in their cars
Wow Lambo girls Dubai man amber girls to
buy that just looks so cool those two
cars next to each other I think I'm
going in the green car
so yeah let's go and see what's up
this is Lyman guys
miss game while you and me
oh so we were supposed to be going
through the Madoff Hotel which is right
there where the new bridge is but they
have closed the road so we're gonna wait
for everybody and see where to go fish
we have no idea
okay it seems like everybody was lost
and we all came to the petrol station to
me up if you look behind me there's like
at least 10 parked over here hey but
yeah the lineup is strong over here you
got Lana
mami mo in that car and I think we're
just waiting for everybody to head out
so yeah what up what up what up I don't
know I just think they closed the
entrances Britt yeah not too sure why
but we should be heading out soon the
lineup continue straight to the back
guys if you can see we got a blue
Aventador a really gorgeous yellow
rockin with the stripes and it just
keeps going but something I want to show
you there's adorable cats over here Oh
buddy come on come come come come
look at the size of them you tiny all of
you ah what up what up I got up I want
to go quickly grab some food for them I
just feel so bad they can tiny they are
they're all like kids I can't be right
back
they didn't actually have any cat food
but I just got myself like a little
piece of chicken they are tiny guys look
at it
Oh
hi so I just got them like a little
sandwich here's a piece of chicken from
a sandwich that we got I feel really bad
because they didn't have any sort of cat
food and no anything I think though he
is chicken but we'll see dating and
dating it ah there's a lot of them over
there look they're just running around
to be honest like they're all here so
they must get their food eventually and
there's a garbage bin here so I'm sure
they get a lot from that
anyways super cusing there cats there
hopefully they enjoyed that food I try
and give them like bits and pieces
wherever I see them I think we aren't
going to have much of a drive we're just
going to go to the hotel we're eating
because we kind of lost track when we
lost the place we needed to be and
everybody just came to this metro
station which is good at least we found
each other time to head out we're just
waiting for one more first and then they
go on here if you can see that red car
so
this Aventador look at that you know how
think no I don't unfortunately no all
the cars are switched on and ready to go
look at this beast line up over here you
got at least 10 I think a bit more go
time baby let's do this
you got some loud cars over here with
some really nice explore so hopefully
you can capture that on the blog today
whoa
he's out
Oh
yo what up what up wait you're vlogging
me vlogging you highly-rated to the
downtown area
check out behind us there
Wow
there knows nothing
ha ha
the color on this car
Wow gorgeous
oh my god
hi so here we are look behind me all the
cars are out here the automated unit is
so good
they're nice skills on carats of riot
yo what up money mo what up it's a first
Lambo event right the hotel you've come
to is actually the one next to the
Virgin and Eva if you see that's the
first uh diva right behind us but it's
like kind of covered by the trees but
the lineup just ah they come with me
like the colors over there the back are
just like so cool I like exotic colors
that he's got like red blue green and
stuff like that
whoa
and the thing is guys you don't realize
how what the exhausts make this place
it's like if you stand next to the
exhaust of one of these things your leg
starts heating up so much hi there
arriving saw the cars but
are you going everybody's entering my
car I'm just gonna go walk inside
because I really like this hotel Lana is
going in first let's follow her why not
the couple of Lamborghinis behind me
what's up this one is a morsel ah go
like Versace edition by the way look at
the board right now it's just gorgeous
that looks really oh my god that is
really awesome cars are coming in one by
one yeah I just saw an explosion at MIT
again
so finally we managed to park every car
there's so many out here guys we have to
like kind of cram them into each other
for over a year like six liner over
there and on the other side we go like
another six but awesome awesome cars
like let me evil my favorite car stuff
you guys thought there's a lot
Lamborghinis where I just showed you
over there nananana you guys are
mistaken there's a lot line for guineas
on this side so check it out you got
morrison Lago and then when you got six
Lamborghinis lined up this is actually
my first time at this hotel I've never
been inside it bit more oh that was a
loud car but I sure Lamborghinis just
never get old like you can't look at a
Lamborghini and be like well been there
done that
anyways you're the start heading in I
but by amazing line-up of skills this is
a lot yo that is the most beautiful line
of ever
I can't remain our way inside the hotel
now let's see how this place looks as I
said never been here before so I'm
pretty excited
okay so straight as you enter you have
hashtag palace Ramadan and a gorgeous
gorgeous seating area which is fantastic
Wow let's go explore that place looks
really cool guys by the way if you guys
know me you know I love these type of
seeing areas the one where you just have
like you know them cushions at the balm
and you can just sit in and relax yo
what up oh I just take a take a break
just sit down enjoy yourself and we're
gonna be in the event very soon okay you
know all right I think it's about time
you went to the restaurant let's go and
check it out all right let's go to our
four guys wow it's a really cool of it
you're whoa what up you squad wow this
is pretty fancy you guys check out all
the fruits and stuff I'm pretty sure
they're plastic no like actually they're
real they're real I built the her
plastic the puffy here is just
ridiculous guys oh my god that's what
they have okay rice I like that I like
that let me see
alright not bad not bad they got a lot
of stuff here okay let's go see where
mommy is and then we can come in our
food okay so we just finished up being
guys and we're about to head out of the
tent as you can see this where we're
eating over there yo you don't realize
how much I ate but I promise I need to
start a gym soon and I will get back
into shape and it's currently - hey ever
we're leaving this place like
everybody's leaving super late mommy
what are you you're taking roses
yeah my mom legit just stole some frozen
yeah there you go that's a long arrest
record a high I'll see you guys on the
way home loose on the streets so let's
head off out guys I'm going in the green
hurricane again you know I really love
about this car it's got like the glass
optional back like before I didn't know
if I liked the glass back or not but I
think it really does look cool on the
rock and my sisters just a plastic bag
but the glass back looks really cool
ideas let's go in the green whip and
yeah see you guys at the garage
that Krakow is crazy
Oh
it makes so much noise this car is like
insane
our voice insane it's a drive in this
car I'm going to say goodbye to it for
now we're gonna go up and get my car
down but today was actually super super
fun by the way before I head out let me
show you a very very special car this is
a brand new Porsche gt3 RS and it just
looks amazing anyways that had to show
you that because it was hiding away when
I got here and I didn't show you but I
thought I'd let you know that it is in
this garage oh my god guys look at that
a Ferrari 488 and Lana next to each
other what are the chances whoo
I didn't even realize my car was
completely empty on fuel so we stopped
by whipping up some gas that is my
favorite car there's a piece of GT
yeah I'm just filling my car with a beer
petrol we're gonna head off all my
sisters got another hand is full like
she legit buildup right before he left
and yet looking super clean who mine
looks spotless because we left out our
friends garage they completely wash it
out for us which is really nice of them
so yeah most whip is looking tidy you
know this morning I was actually going
to vacuum the inside of my carcass it's
filthy but they did everything for me
like my car I'm sorry to say it's just
disgusting normally but for once in its
lifetime you go like a proper wash
inside and out y'all look at this GTR
guys it is insane
Oh God that car is so amazing oh my god
i rotted
oh that car
you
anyways guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
lucky I hope you have enjoyed that was
Lana's best friend's new car and today
was really really cool just chillin with
all of the Lambo squad and stuff like
that and you're gonna see two more for a
very very very special thing so be back
then I hope you enjoy it and yeah as
always stay also every I love you all
Yolo Yolo
