yo yo everyone how are you all doing so
today we're going to be doing the second
episode of Pokemon hunting with my
sister first time around you guys
enjoyed it a lot so we thought we'd do
episode 2 so without further ado we're
gonna head out to our local polka stop
somewhere close by now I know there's
gonna be a load of Pokemon and we're
gonna put down traps we're gonna put
down like fumes for the Pokemon to come
to us and everything and let's see how
many we can get I want a hundred but
let's see alright I'm gonna head out
with the porch today and yeah it's gonna
be an amazing day let's go
oh so bitching Emma male-only this is
Pokemon turned hood guy so right now
we're just driving to the spot the thing
is you guys didn't know about this game
the places where there's like more
people playing the game is usually where
there's more Pokemon that's what I found
anyway so once we get to the local spot
with the poker stops and stuff I'm gonna
activate the fuse and let all the
Pokemon get to us Agarwal alright it's
like a camel ride what the hell was it
okay so viral driving guys I actually
found my first Pokemon it's actually
kind of like it's on you so I'm trying
to catch it I know it's nothing much
it's like a snake would you call it a
raptor - it's like a taylor swift but
i'm trying to catch it yes good i think
i got it come on come on it's yeah yeah
yes i cant taylor swift guys Oh
I'm joking I'm joking there we go for
this it's a snake by the way guys I'm
not a nurse if desire just joking oh the
online joke sir let's go let's continue
the journey
so we just made it to the local spot
we're gonna come out the car and go
search for some Pokemon as you can see
busy area loads of cars so yeah let's go
see if we can find any Pokemon you got a
good feeling it's as you can see on the
game guys I'm putting down an incense
burner okay this thing is going to start
fuming around me and the Pokemon should
come to me see 32 minutes on the clock
so for the next 32 minutes we're just
gonna i found one already it is already
a night we're standing right like it's
somebody so we can see hey guys like
ya'll look at this it's a seahorse you
guys whoa y'all that completely curved
on me come on buddy
I couldn't see horsey come on look at
that
do you see that oh that's a new Pokemon
added to the list guys whoa I told you I
have a good feeling about this anyways
we're gonna walk up this way continue
the search boys I'm you're good I do it
in my shoe break some way don't worry go
shoot break it ah we're gonna we're
gonna walk over to the Pope stop guys I
want to get myself some funky balls Pony
stuff yeah there's a book out about its
focus on and we just realized we have to
put some money in the car salon is gonna
do that I'm just walking around trying
to get the Pokemon to come to me so yeah
I'm right next to the roundabout and
it's telling me I'm far away are you
kidding me are we close now let the
roundabouts right here obviously I'm
close let's see what do we get what do
we get skipping nothing all right no
wait we got an egg you can get eight is
that how you get eggs oh there you go
whoa first focus top off the day
the Pokemon struggles guys you have to
pay for parking this how you know
Pokemon is serious we going out of our
own pockets in terms of money just to
play this game so you best believe we're
serious today I see a Pokemon but we're
like three steps away from this so we're
gonna keep walking this way
to get closer
we look like idiots right now I make
sure you're going you're gonna click on
it tap on that yeah yeah there flick on
it you need to get it stop using the
pokeball you got it oh yeah buddy she
caught the Pokemon guys come on wait
does it say in there did it stay in ah
the game glitched on you it's the game
it's the game
it's definitely gay do that again
glitched out guys I'm resetting it I'm
resetting it I think you might have
caught it though because even though it
closed on you you still might how do you
know we're gonna check we're gonna check
in the Pokedex okay Pokemon all right no
you didn't get it
no you just didn't get it I really
crossed the road man look so much
normally it should reappear play just
has it so good so show me more this way
hi at least you guys saw with tribe yeah
at least you guys so technically we call
it yeah team technically we caught it
that's the best thing tell me I mean I'm
Omid cuz my shoes are too tight for my
okay I don't know we're ready we're not
finding anything what I learned
okay it's still three stars oh oh oh oh
dude or whatever that thing is cold what
I don't know it's industry hurry up get
it it's my catch it yeah buddy
we caught it yes we got it wait
disappeared they escaped oh this game it
just got out the Polka ball and run away
really is that possible sure I get that
never Zack are stopping and looking at
us you know but actually the city
normally high-level Pokemon get out and
run away okay so high level is in level
500 okay yeah this is level 10 it's like
the lowest you can get any otherwise
you're making our life harder here
it's like Pokemon is trying to challenge
us Pokemon is trying to kill me out here
today
you just know they know they know ain't
no animal alike so they decide okay how
about this we get into the car we drive
over there it's busier oh my god guys
all right you hold the camera oh I found
something I found the same Geodude that
got away from me hi it's her turn cuz
I'm unlucky guys yes yes yes
hopefully don't crash in this game don't
crash yeah my five bull yes all right I
don't use that so far today three we
already caught three boys chill dude
oh my god oh my god guys Lana found a
good pokémon oh my god it's it's a
growling oh please saying oh my god oh
my god this is the one we really need
a glitch No
I'm going to go
is it your phone it's not my phone as
the game it's literally the game Pokemon
coming up right now we can physically
catch those yeah this Pokemon coming our
way
go catch them let's see how the owner
feels about that I want to catch them I
want to catch the poker dog sir oh yeah
look at that one
this is hard work I didn't think he'll
be so difficult to catch pokemon no it's
impossible it's literally my house the
other day I saw your friends were able
to catch something in my phone is
glitchy as hell and the app hates me
that's why don't cross world late
let's go let's go let's go what I don't
know it's a Pokemon gym basically
there's like places you can buy today
like they don't have to they can just
put their Pokemon there and leave so I'm
gonna put my Pokemon there and leave
this is the Pokemon gym look everybody
I'm entering the pokémon gym guys
and Trey I mean Pokemon hunters the
guy's Pokemon is double a thousand three
on your weight I don't they are you
Jenny was someone in this area actually
has a Pokemon only one guy should we buy
it I will ascend my level 200 to fight
him again
a little 200 he's gonna capture ours I
dunno if I'm losing it this app sucks
like those guys why are you crazy
what happened not not acknowledged again
oh I hate this day just through your
phone are you serious
mom it can we get some more I'm
dehydrated we need some more guys we're
doing I'm happy I didn't spend any money
on it now guys like imagine I bought a
load of stuff now I already spent money
oh you're gonna go back again I just
realized we did make the purchase and
just didn't get to us there's like three
Pokemon right here I think somebody's
putting something I think somebody's put
down something in this area there's guys
over there playing over there all of
them okay let's park coming up they're
gonna be like who the hell are these
idiots that rolled up to our spot let's
go make Pokemon friends
I need a Pokemon up they're gonna be
like who are these guys just say you're
the pokémon champion say we're level
like 52 we're really number 6 but just
say 52
let's go join them Pokemon hunting going
see if we can become friends with them
and my app is fished again my app is
glitched I hate this game man
so we just awesome Pokemon errs in the
area what's going on and they said
there's like 20 people around here and I
was right there's like a little more
thing activated here King at each other
every time we look at the little girls I
think everyone's everybody's bank oh
come on basically there's so many of
these newer things activated come on I
found a venom or I have I don't even
have one of these please let me catch it
game it's in the street it's industry
oh please
don't this time you can't throw your
phone okay it's not just you
oh yeah how's about we going up some
water and come back oh you guys we're
trying your best for you but seem is
harder than we thought oh my god my
heart
as me and my little Pikachu over here
guys and um well there's another one
there's another cat oh my god on another
one that's a meal oh I know playing
Pokemon it's adorable look you see oh
look at his teeth they are massive look
at this guy's look they're super good
with each other yeah I think they're
family there is a Pikachu on the cat I
sure I record the cat there's a Pikachu
on Oh a little picture I mean a Pidgey
there's a Pidgey on that there's a
bitchy yes yes you get it week that was
good luck and the app is stuck again
look at this guy there's a Pokemon
Pokemon on the gap you guys are so
adorable together Nick at that
oh I don't care home Pokemon I told
these that bubbles his behavior is just
like bubbles what do we do I don't know
I hope he doesn't feel me oh I found a
unicorn a unicorn that's on fire and
please tell me I caught this this is the
only one I really wanted today
it catches everything except the long
silence they are all playing Pokemon
right now there's about 10 dudes right
now and we're like the nerdy ones out
here even across the street guys you see
that on the other side everybody is
playing mommy I want to take a minute
coma I think that's enough of Pokemon
hunting right now it's time to get dark
so we need to head home I'm gonna come
back here whenever I want to play
Pokemon again because I have technically
bought $40 on the game but it just
hasn't been sent to me by Apple so
whenever that happens we're gonna come
back if is you recognize somebody like
we're guy just go home and continue
today I know my rent was don't be late
about a week I work my ass off faster
campaigns oh we're stuff so so early hit
something yeah
as you guys can see I just got already
freshened up upon some clothes but I
just realized something that I actually
did get the horse guys so the app
crashed on me and I thought I did it but
check it out I actually got him about an
idea I wanted to try for like the past
week guys so you guys remember we got
this huge ball which there was chocolate
inside and now it's empty I want to fill
it up with water and then make like a
huge spherical ice cube very good ice
utilize bull you know so I'm gonna try
and fill up like each side I think
actually would be a better idea guys if
I just fully closed it I made like a
hole got myself a liar
got myself this thing I'm gonna heat it
up so like easily melts through I hope I
don't do anything wrong oh there we go
there we go okay check it out guys so
that is the hole I'm gonna quickly fill
this up with some water and then we're
gonna put it to freeze this is the
smartest idea I've ever had guys it's
really heavy now so I'm pretty short
full the thing is geeking on the side
anyways I'm going to leave that as a
little experiment until tomorrow morning
so you can see it's kind of leaking from
the sides if you see that but hopefully
it stops I don't know how but just
hopefully it stops leaking myself and we
have like a spherical ice cube or ice
ball right now my boys are going to pick
me up you guys should know them at nan
and Moe I think they're gonna go have
dinner somewhere so I'm just joining
them for that so we just made it over to
one of our friends house and my boy mole
inside is the white M&N don't worry I'll
get him on the blog as well for you guys
the white and a little while I
understand now that maybe we just said
it and it's done but check out the new
guys from up here were on the Atlantis
right now and I hate Heights guys so no
we're on the palm oh we're on the palm
but yeah man there's beot sparked up
down this building like wow that's crazy
anyways check it out this is where we
are at those are the boys over there
playing games but and you got beat by
any fat at all Mike yard lose not the
straight body doesn't sing let me stick
in approximate minimum editor they're
playing for his thanks guys it rocks is
right baby rocks is sure oh wow the 3px
bullshit there's a hockey do we focus on
our five little stick shoes in the stick
what is it instinct sure it's the
hardest ear telling us like
like instinct to do door but this dog is
absolutely crazy guys it's a famous
singing dog you guys have seen it on
Labor camera nice guys there you go
singing dog in action
Wow X Factor we're coming for you yeah
why do dogs howl when you scream or make
out okay let's see here
it is totally instinctual there you go
it's a word it's all booked the reason
why mich Mich will follow the owl if you
how is because you're the alpha alpha
male right how dogs follow I'm the boss
so you're the boss of the wolves
yeah record out their descendants know
cuz mich Mich is this big and kick her
like a football fish I mean you can so
she looks up at you in your giant so
obviously we're Godzilla's stood in
front oh you would say I'm going to
Godzilla yes if it man that makes me
away from getting stomped on here so
mich Mich is scared that we're gonna
stomp on her so she howls would we help
yeah yeah that's they're not even that's
the whole reason behind this yo I just
destroyed mo guys I just destroyed him
that's your last goal
coming up all right boys were heading
out goodbye to Dan
peace out you go I feel seal if he
fulfilled again with me
Hey as always you guys I'm gonna wrap up
today's low-key I hope you guys have
enjoyed awesome awesome day jam-packed
anyway should now catch you guys there
stay awesome Yolo Yolo boy
