yeah yeah good morning everyone welcome
to another vlog today I'm starting the
vlog for you guys I'm just about to head
out with a car to collect some of your
fan mail I'm looking forward to it guys
thank you everyone so let's go before I
head up I need to rinse out my card
because as you can see it's a little bit
dusty guys so that's what you do what
the hell is water coming out of it ok by
the way guys in case you're wondering
what the invisible person behind the
camera was this time I'm here don't
worry I'm not inside like last time
where there is a floating camera
sister's going to get the mail I look so
messy right now but I'm staying at home
to do some editing as I said yesterday
my camera is messed up so bad
it adds like 2 hours for my editing
because everything is messed up but yeah
Lana mami Morgan ago collect the mail
and yeah I know I haven't done a mail
time in a long time so I'm gonna do one
very soon we've got a lot we got a lot
of things and the thing is height I like
to open like bits and bobs here but I
would do like a proper mail time because
I know a lot of you want that back so
yeah let's go guys sweetums engines whoa
all right
my favorite stuff
Oh
check out this cool car
there you go so it's finally arrived to
the post office and here's our little
box
let's open it do you know something we
weren't able to make it in time for your
packages but we managed to get some of
your letters so this is your mail we
finally got them I'm gonna take them
home tomorrow
unfortunately I couldn't pick up your
packages guys I think that oh gosh I'm
so sorry
yeah so once we have to come back
earlier another day to collect your mail
and I think maybe more might do that
maybe tomorrow who knows but thank you
so much guys I'm gonna get in the car
right now head to home too and head to
home too and yeah I'm gonna get in the
car now it's head home to open some of
your fan mail looking forward to those
guys let's go all right my office is to
just go home I want to show you how
high-security our house is so I'm not
sure what the cats have done if they bit
a wire or something but look at our CCTV
cameras right now
yeah I'm sure everything is identifiable
from this now look at this I can't even
tell what car this is let alone what
person like I don't know what they've
done - it's just ridiculous but we go
through this problem a lot like these -
look at them they're like the naughty -
they always just like bite the wires or
somehow getting like they go behind the
TV section where all these wires are and
just mess everything up it's just
ridiculous
I'm actually going for another meeting
today which is kind of a follow up just
this being so let's quickly get changed
and go out well
that is much better okay we are ready to
go out now bubbles is complaining
forever me out
I've never seen a cat with that much of
a vocal cord like this guy will never
stop speaking yeah what's up what's up
buddy what is he doing
fun fact I'm gonna be completely honest
one of my friends on skype he actually
used to think like he was meowing
because he was like abused or something
like he legitimately did not understand
why my cat me out so much and I spoiled
him to death like I Swiss boy do we feed
them constantly there's nothing we don't
give them but he is the most complaining
cat ever like I don't know how okay if
you guys don't already follow my sister
on her Instagram you may have seen she
just recently finished
granny Moe's painting which is now up
there so bring it down low so see boom
look at that guy's my grandma chose a
Google image and my sister drew fur
looks really nice I think you did a
better job than the picture amazing
amazing stuff anyways next time we see
granny mode that is her gift I guess you
really loved it and now we are on to the
next project
look my sister's just got like random
projects lying around no you're gonna
see that more things coming up faster
than before because like she starts the
loft them awaits for the layers to dry
and that's why you don't really see like
a Lord yang finished so now I'm getting
like I just left them to dry as you can
see there's one right there
there's that one and there's our I'm
gonna do like simultaneously many pieces
at the same time so we're probably gonna
see a couple coming up in the next video
I actually really like this one like
even though it's like the first layer
guys do you see that's like a horsey and
a wave
really cool to be honest this is going
to be for our living room and yeah so
yeah for the people the same for sale
okay the same for sale unless you give
us a ridiculous up right if you give me
like a Booga yeah well why not just just
take the pain down but other than that I
think it's gonna be for us this one just
looks so low I can't even tell what it
is at the moment because it's so like
fresh you know I I'm gonna go out now I
just thought I'd show you granny Mo's
pain cuz it's super dope and yeah I love
this wool either it's like loads of fat
what is bubble shouting about loves I
use the most other in my life he was a
human he'd be a singer that's it yeah
yeah same here he's very talkative and
not that you sometimes just does it but
the thing is it's like somebody wants to
sit on your lap like when you're doing
work so he continues to scream I'm just
I'm just putting out I think he's got
like a some some issues out there time
to head out now it is super late and
dark outside but let's go see what's
outside this world so I just made it
over to my destination god I'm not sure
if you can tell where I am from what's
behind me but if I turn the camera BAM
we are at the verge the leaper right now
so I'm going here to meet up with some
people for like a meeting as I mentioned
but this building is just ridiculous as
always oh my god look at that and if we
look to the right the moon is there
which is really really cool alright
let's go and see what's up and I'll
catch you guys probably once I leave to
be honest by the way guys I'm not sure
if you remember from the old vlog but
this is like the sounds of the world and
the water drops but like once it drops
it hits these and it makes like these
really cool sounds by the way I
absolutely
they just get super fancy I'm not sure
if you guys know this we just made it to
the 43rd floor and we have to change
elevators to go even higher so we're in
the second one yeah let's go house a
shout out to my man who watches the
blogs what's up what's up and what's up
to the vlog yeah now Nancy is you're
gonna see this on you - that's a listen
okay we just made it to the floor guys
and he just looked absolutely ridiculous
this hallway is just superb like I've
been here before and it never gets old
it's just amazing anyways let's go to
where we have our meeting now I catch
you guys after oh this place looks so
cool hi guys so I just finished up over
here and I'm back in the lobby reception
area but I really like this like statue
of the Burj Khalifa they have over here
the colors are really really cool and
secondly like just look at the seating
area it's just remarkable over here like
just the quality of everything is
amazing anyway just finished up with the
meeting it went fairly well guys so
expect some cool stuff like in the
future like just later on so yeah it
didn't really go well pitched some ideas
and yeah your boy in the near future
some good stuff might be happening I
don't want to spoil it because you know
if like later on let's say yeah I get
some cool events happening then I'll
tell you yo this is from back then
anyways for now I'm gonna head off see
where the family's at which is so cool
having these thing make random noises
like if you listen it's like so rad it's
like pink
come on it just stopped on me it just
stopped it was making the noise anyways
let's go and yeah I'll catch you guys oh
let's go in here I'll catch you guys a
lot of my mom who all right boys I just
made a home as you can see car is over
here okay let's check around nobody in
sight to like jump in and suddenly drive
off but came home to quickly take my
mummy shopping let's go do some grocery
shopping you guys know my family's all
about them bellies that's what's up
Wow it's actually hot even at night my
god I'm slay hey mommy more what up what
up what up alright put my mommy more see
in a couple minutes I hate it when you
just can't find barking like I really
like just going into stores and looking
around but there's no parking I have to
wait in the car damn it okay let's see
what's on the radio
neither's does any mean that is anyone
I said pardon my french I said yeah that
was super awkward
I was karaoke and the car was trying to
turn right into this party anyways you
know that hey yo what up what up
I like the jams right here damn son we
got a home and this pings already kind
of come into shape yo is this like a
Warfel or something like what is that
yeah now you can see what is when I left
the house I had no idea what was going
on house I wanted this pretty cool yeah
why is it like so many pains out now
yeah mommy wanted to hang some of the
paintings like under yeah I actually
like this one these are old paintings by
the way guys that we haven't really
showed on the vlog but all of them by my
sister of course look at that look at
that
yeah don't accidentally paint on top of
it Wow yeah I know my room has its own
theme bright has its own theme because I
wasn't to get rid of them from this
corner and this is an unfinished
painting guys yeah this is my sister
loves it but it's just like it's been
unfinished for ages you know I don't
understand guys like artists have this
weird mentality like they but like until
I get that dream I'm not gonna finish
your until I get that vision I don't
know if it's like they're making up that
BS I heard it's legit like why do you
guys just leave stuff no I just I don't
know I think it's about how you feel
yeah it is
how you feel like for example I started
painting anything like this not right
I might not finish until my mood is back
on it again she's like the cardio West
the paintings bra
I have Walt Disney I add a bit there
burger like it goes in layers so like
you see like yeah you can finish one
layer until now you can start saying
like seeing the waterfall coming on you
see guys I don't have that creative
knowledge that's why I just stick to the
blogging side of things I'm making more
relaxed that person and she yes alright
okay good luck him to stuff I can't even
explain what's going on now
bubbles actually looks super sad right
now what a buddy why are you so down he
get oh come on buddy join in Oh somebody
offered to buy bubbles in the comment
section how much would you sell him for
you sure a million dollars yeah yeah if
you guys seriously want a million
dollars like they take the guy out good
if you guys on a million dollar holler
at your boy mo to be honest never not
bubbles ki out I'd give her okay I don't
want its right bubble sees the
entertainment here yo was up buddy
if I remember guys I think the guy
actually offered okay I know it's
probably a joke but I think the guy she
offered like ten thousand dollars for
him yeah
come on no IDs they get in the way
sleeping yeah let me know would you guys
sell your pet for 10 ok personally no
way no no I'm saying I would not sell it
I wouldn't I would have no they would
have offered a million for bubbles okay
uh how about this we'll rent him out red
bubbles for a birthday party so you can
come in a sing for you guys yo I'm not
kidding he's a genius like if you have
your happy birthday song you go happy
birthday meow have you like he goes with
the beat with his knee out like we're
all right happy birthday - come on yeah
meow yo we're trying we're trying to
make you money buddy or try to make you
money
just do it damn it dude alright now that
we're downstairs it's time to hang up
the paintings you know I never thought
about it guys I can never school about
decorating the kitchen but I realized
it's really plain like if you look at
the rules there's nothing on either side
so this was a good idea you guys came up
with to decorate a house yo you look
mucho muscle right now I don't know why
hit your arms in that vest it's like
valium hmm mommy Mosher your shirt show
your shirt this shirt like we got this
from a fan like ages ago like I remember
the guy like I I know it was I don't
want to say in case I'm wrong but it was
I'm pretty sure it was from like gutter
or something but I remember the guy so
well I'm super confused of what they're
doing guys but it looks like they're
building a staircase I don't understand
is this like a design okay so that is
what you guys want to go on the wall
like that
exactly
I've been worried worth the pain
transducer thickness but I think okay we
put you you guys I can there we go I
don't know how to put this thing my mom
got me this adorable trumpet yesterday
you got me it uh yeah um uh me up me you
know uh yeah I love doing this oh
okay ready it's gonna go I must be
anxious you enjoy yeah
to four to ten minutes layer and we
finally got all the measurements guys
Alana is quickly just hammering in the
placements we put three on this side and
one on that side because it's like the
bigger will I guess first one looks
pretty good painting too
looking really good now uh okay we just
put up all three pains and I don't know
why it looks completely bent now I think
this one needs to go higher why not just
give it like a funky look to it uh you
know just just add a little bit of
funkiness to there you go are you ready
to see our new kitchen guys bum bum bum
bum bum buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh
oh is that what the hell is going on
something here something there all right
I'm gonna wrap up today's looking I hope
you have enjoyed awesome awesome day and
yeah I'll see you guys some more by the
way we have some really really cool
stuff coming up coronated stuff as well
so next week should actually be exciting
I don't want to give it away cuz it's
actually like a really really cool event
so you'd be back for that sometime very
soon anyways as always stay awesome I
love you all and don't forget you're
just all too good to worry don't stress
out just be happy yeah Yolo boy
