yo everyone welcome to another vlog so I
thought start today by introducing you
to piggy my penguin yeah that's what's
up this guy is my partner and crying
when I'm on flight so yeah I just found
this on my bed I actually love you know
the material that has like these little
balls inside I think it feels awesome
anyways right now is in my closet and I
wanted to show you guys something cuz
I've actually got myself a mini hat
collection yes you guys have actually
sent me in some hats and with the hats I
have we formulated a mini hat collection
over here so let's put that hole there
BAM
oh my god and you want it the back MV
and another one so yeah as a recent I've
realized that I've got a lot of things
to choose from
dang but we've got an every how this one
my friend gave me this one you guys sent
in and I actually love the color and
like I've just got a lot of hats in the
fan mail and I haven't really realized
I've got so many so thank you guys we
have now started like a mini hat
collection so my favorite somebody sent
me the yellow Yola hi if you remember
this a while back this is dope yeah
that's what's up we reppin the yellow
Yolo squad one more thing I need to fix
the curtain because it's heart broken oh
oh my god before I head out for a little
bit of skateboarding I want to show you
a secret spot in my mom's wardrobe okay
you guys ready for this work it should
be somewhere here huh where is it oh
there is your body was sup what bubbles
makes like a little tent for himself
in the cupboards and he just loves it he
loves hiding there okay let's go out I
really want to do some skateboarding
today oh my god I was just like
skateboarding and recording that and ice
like tripped up so bad
look this this is the problem guys you
see that it's like a huge ramp in the
middle of the walkway damn that's
dangerous if you're somebody watching
this video right now and you've been at
home the whole day I want to tell you
guys just close the internet right now
and go out because even me sometimes I
can get stuck at home for so long
watching videos and procrastinating just
about anything just watching stuff and
the thing is the best way to get rid of
your worries or just get rid of your
wasting time is come out do a bit of
exercise walk around just have some
fresh air and it really does work and
the reason I'm saying this is at the
moment I know it's exam season for like
a lot of people and even me during exam
season like my mom would tell me oh go
to the gym and instead I'd like no I
don't have enough time let me play like
a 20 minute game and that's what I would
say to myself okay one second there's a
car coming yeah that's what I would say
to myself but then I'll end up playing
like a couple of hours with the games
instead of doing like a one hour gym
session and that is like the case for
most people like yet in a rush I go down
this route never been down here let's
try it out but yeah if you're suddenly
like that go out get some fresh and I
guarantee you you will come back more
productive I'm gonna be honest I have no
idea where this street is taking me the
thing about my area everywhere looks the
same like a puzzle kind of so I'm just
trying to figure out if I should just
turn back and go the way I came cuz it
looks like a dead end to me speed but oh
let me see I think there might be a gap
over here be a gap
huh yes there is a gap boys okay I've
lost my mind
fifteen minutes later and we are back
boys oh damn son I just got out the
shower guys and I think this is my new
hairstyle I think the Mohawk suits me
let me know in the cart I actually used
to have a mohawk guys when I was like I
think I was in like year eight and I had
it all the way to the back it was
amazing it was ridiculous like it looked
ridiculous but that was like one of my
favorite haircuts of all time is okay
and that is how I do my hair guys for
those of you wondering no wax no gel
blow-dry any kinda stays like that break
it hit balls I've got a very tragic
story to tell you guys so if you didn't
know Lana's been on a diet recently and
I just came in her room and she's just
she's just lost all her weight she
doesn't even exist anymore
look at her poor are you in there are
you in this why is there like a human
being on your bed ready to go yeah
very good I've done guys I'm slag out my
sister's teddy bear hey you're gonna see
your teddy bear that's it
it is so boss BAM hey body rocking house
tonight this is this is my guy this kid
my I can take him out with me like he's
a ball oh it looks like about yo use
this my boy Bobby over here what's up
what's up you black
Hey ladies what up what up yeah you know
what's up only real men wear pink yeah
all right guys we're about to head out
the family where are we going
okay I get no idea last time I tried to
go redeem my coupons you enter the wrong
store gay today I'm not giving up on
these coupons I'm not giving up guys so
we're finding the correct store and I'm
using them so let's head out and yeah
we're gonna spend that money so let's go
guys we stopped let's go get some
camping equipment because we need it I
thought you said they saw clothes uh was
he German camping equipment we're not
going camping Oregon bring no no but
like if you can write a why not oh we're
gonna go buy me clothes they might have
gloves shorts I know okay guys come on
man it was a coupon it's a coupon what I
call an ass or too much here yeah you
know what I was looking to buy guys I
want to buy like something to wear at
home cuz you always makes fun of my
clothes whenever actually he says no
we're funny pajamas I don't know so I
feel like I should suck it I were like
the kiddie one like Disney and stuff
like that so yeah I'm gonna try and find
something that my brother won't make fun
of me
have you realized I knew he would say is
I'm a survivor I'm a survivor
there's only so much I just know the
behind a better yeah
okay we made it to the parking let's
take my ticket whoo let's go boys aah
there's this huge dome shaped thing over
here so I think we need to go check it
out it says something to do with euros
or property I don't know they've got
like a huge screen thank you guys check
this up it looks like the moon is kind
of going like under and coming out the
Taylor's at the end right
so that is the moon and like the empty
base dipped in Wow
so I think this is actually for Ramadan
guys that they've designed this face but
as I said it makes a really gorgeous
I didn't even spot that it was like a
moon going under my sister time I was
like what leak are you talking about
your life imagine if a moon went under a
lake kid yeah I know what you mean first
thing we've done while we're out now is
we came to eat some food you've been
here like a couple months a commercial
you guys remember this place is
absolutely gorgeous it's like really
really fancy if you look at the interior
but yeah I just ordered my food well I
really like my space is just a milkshake
and guys I'm actually recently thinking
of opening a milkshake shop for myself I
don't know why it's just been a thought
let me know if that's a good idea
like most milkshake Mo's milkshake shop
or something something like that who
knows but yeah mommy was actually gone
to check the juice Newark is here like
they have loads of dessert let me let me
go see what she's up to you guys I'm
gonna go look at this guys this is why I
meant when I said they had like a load
of dessert they've got a lot to work
with my mom loves her dessert I decided
to come upstairs to show you how it
looks like and it is empty outside at
the moment
look at the design they have over here
the thing is about me I like exploring
places like downstairs and upstairs kind
of looks identical but hello on the tee
box game okay guys the fan your food is
at the table so let's go mommy more
loves Sergey guys and here are like a
whole book to choose from over there
that is mine oh thank you so much
appreciate that wow you got some fancy
meal what did you get
this is so bad for me guys you ever just
like wanna have something so bad like a
milkshake I don't know I've watched
vlogs and when I want people books
eating something or drinking it I want
to do the same solid watching a blog or
something is happening it's really cool
shape and that's why I came to play and
out we go
thank you guys so much this is cool whoa
and you got the view of the buildings we
finally found the store that our coupon
is valid in guys and we're looking
around so we've got three hundred dirham
suspend off for free so hope ya I had
you really confused what figure we're
all trying to look but I don't know it's
yet hey how much are those are they in
the budget are they in the budget
spider-man no please what is this what
is a hickeys it's like some laces which
are like that that's cool I guess
like at my brother's attempting to do a
skateboard trick I've known
this is a surfboard okay be careful mama
don't fall oh my goodness
oh not bad why don't go to the roads no
bat oh yeah
careful don't fool okay so I'm checking
out some of the skateboards they have I
tried the surfboard and I think I might
get a longboard but before I choose this
there's something else with two wheels
it's this thing it looks like a
surfboard like a proper surfboard I mean
like a war surfboard that it has two
wheels so let's see hopefully I don't
break my legs and Lana's going to record
me to see how I do
be careful oh my goodness can anyone do
this hold on it's um oh my gosh she can
do it look at that whoa that seems
impossible this is insane it's like
surfing on land oh it looks like yours
is exciting no motor
I think should get this board it's
pretty challenging board Oh feeling this
gonna go wrong there is no way you can
do this
oh my gosh okay you're gonna get good
but it's like so difficult please try it
no no no there's no way I can't do it if
you hold your hand you're good guys look
at them legs that posture is amazing try
to know this is I impossible guys I
don't know how I got convinced to do
this guys but I'm getting the rip surf
thing so yeah I'm gonna test my skills
I'll eventually learn this is a big
thing
oh yeah there we go boys all right guys
oh my gosh what happened to my hair
I think holy moly guys I went in that
store to get something practical I came
out with this Rick I can't stand up I
guarantee this is going to turn out bad
but Lana told me to do for you guys I'm
gonna try I told her to try something
new because we know he wanted to get
this okay already has made me chooses
guys let's go that way by the way
because she made me choose this she has
to try it out as well
hey the car shined on us over on mommy
run totally radical dude
that's never coming out of the blue oh
6-1-6 I got a missed call from your from
you you wanna see my boy showers running
fresh on my last night Percy cuz it was
a night loves to see my new surfboard is
finally off the books guys am i super
excited you just think so my mom and
sister promise me that they'll help me
do this
mommy please I think you can do it oh my
god I'm good oh so you don't you get
this whoa
that was why are you doing bubbles
Oh Susan look at him no it's a to check
him up I think he likes putting his
claws into the carpet guys
okay I'm not sure if you guys saw there
I'm actually amazing at this so Lana's
turn now I hope she can even be
one-tenth of my talent I thought this
was the worst decision of my life to buy
this or the worst purchase but it's
actually pretty good now that er that
that that that that that I'm doctor that
that that the oh my god
move your hips you're just standing
there still back and forth back and
forth anyways that is my new indoor
surfboard as you saw there guys it's
radical dude I'm gonna put this next to
my old skateboard so there you are those
are the two things I'm going to be using
from now on and I really hope I can get
so good and like attached a GoPro to the
front of it like just skate around or
maybe even blog what I'm doing and
that'd be the main go that'd be awesome
before up today's Lord I want to show
you something that actually came in the
post and I didn't know this was even
possible so I really want to appreciate
the guy who sent this I won't paid one
trillion dollars guys yep legit somebody
paid me one trillion dollars and I want
to thank you man this is a life changer
at the moment I haven't decided what to
do with the money but regardless I
thought this is a pretty don't know okay
obviously it's fake I know that guys
don't worry but look at the amount of
zeros on this thing like what and that's
all they said no land no name nothing
they just sent me a trillion dollars as
long as you guys on the wrap up today's
in low key I hope you have enjoyed I'm
super happy with the purchase we did at
the beginning I thought it's gonna be
like a dumb purchase now so I wouldn't
use it but it's actually pretty fun
learning new things so this can actually
motivate me to exercise like if I do
like half an hour of this a day in the
area I could potentially lose the law
weight because it's got like a law like
moving and stuff anyway
see you guys tomorrow love you all as
always don't forget be happy and
positive and just chase your dreams guys
all right stay with some Yahoo yodel boy
