yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so I thought of a pretty unique idea to
start today's vlog with I was playing
around with this lighter and I thought
why not
burn the hair on my leg with it so we're
gonna give that a shot hopefully nothing
goes wrong um I've tried it before I'm
just gonna put out there I'm gonna be
honest I have tried it before and it
kind of has like a really cool sound to
it and like it just burns really quickly
so hopefully we can catch it on camera
and see how it is
here goes nothing by the way I just want
to say don't worry about the hair on my
leg I do have enough nothing is going to
waste right here so where do we start
from oh my god oh jeez whoa did you see
that smoke woo woo okay I'm trying to
like pull ready guys Oh
Wow okay guys I don't know why I really
felt like doing that hopefully it looked
cool on camera cuz in real life it makes
this really cool sounds like it's like
you're actually cooking something so
yeah oh
anyways as I said don't try that I
thought it'd be fun to do because I've
tried and nothing happens in your hair
but definitely never do it on your head
I think you guys should know that
anyways let's continue the rest of the
day by the way you don't even realize
the amount of problems you've been
having with bubbles and that white cat
you guys saw the other day no bubbles no
go back inside
backwards yep oh oh we don't want to
fight today whoa success there is buddy
what's up you're about to fight somebody
today weren't you we're actually open
one packet today and the reason I'm only
opening one is in this package should be
something very very insane actually
there should be a couple of things but
you guys will be mind blown if this is
the correct one so without further ado
I'm going to get into opening it and
it's pretty awesome let's see what's up
I hope this is the right one some of
these packets are so hard to open
I just dropped an open night oh yeah
sorry that's completely
okay you know help me do this don't stop
me oh my god so so far we are here okay
three two one boom okay oh so first up
we have a packet and then we have that
and finally another one so I'm pretty
sure this is empty
oh my goodness whoa wait look at that oh
my god that is one very luxury water you
know I thought this was empty because I
thought this was the gift and you have
to put in the work okay
that is awesome I'm gonna be honest this
is her what the little like things like
crystals like Wow eggs like spare one
that is actually a very very nice swatch
and I appreciate that
Wow how do you know which way round is
that's the only question I have that is
mommy bows watch by the way that is for
mommy more like Wow okay now we're gonna
yell into these three and you might be
surprised but all of these are actually
if I'm correct again let me just double
check this yeah open it up these should
all be watches it was Oh BAM oh wow I
will make this check that out whoa whoa
let me see these only how many watches
did I get you got like
wait are these a same color yeah I think
they gave me duplicates damn my spots
another is this a sponsorship God is it
wow that is a happy no these are
duplicates yeah they're duplicates oh my
goodness one for me and one for you okay
and here is the last one guys so another
duplicate which is pretty awesome wow
that is awesome I don't try and see a
kids in there let's take it out I got
seven watches that is awesome is there
learn there's anything okay let me open
them up anyways regardless or check them
out
mommy's is gorgeous I'm not duplicates
of watches that is crazy
holy moly you know I'm gonna do I'm
gonna put all seven on my wrist to see
how it is that's the state one of them
out woo dang son check it out that's
cool found clothes at guys we're gonna
put seven on my arm just to see how many
watches this actually is so number one
okay you'll help me with this get the
rest out it was is so many watches oh oh
that's two so far Thank You Know Who I
look like you know people are selling
you watches they lie which ones you want
bra which ones you want
yeah I got all of that business is
booming out here just come to your
dealer mo we got it all we got it all
that's what you're cool that's what's up
Holden is one more what that is
I done a lot of watches you know look at
my hand right now what do you call this
it looks like they're trying to like
defend me from some attackers on day one
there you go guys that is my new chronic
alarm any watch here is for sale that is
epic
holy moly it looks like I've rubbed a
wart store Wow holy moly fine anyways I
am Chronicle watchman and this is what
you can start game on a hundred guys
thank you so much to whoever said that I
think if I'm not mistaken it's long
though because there's no name so I'm
guessing they just sent me alone their
watches I appreciate that
by the way guys I did not expect this
many but this is pretty cool
there you got that is a lot of watches
but yet this is Chronicle moment and it
looks like I've got like a magic power
pending time like bang this one is
stopping my husband honey it's not come
on oh oh oh right now we're actually
going to be heading out and yeah we're
just going to be looking around for some
stuff maybe like a little deck or for
that table the thing is we're having a
huge issue and how to decorate our house
and the reason is if you can't already
tell like all the furniture is why
everything chairs table couches so I was
actually gonna pick like you got like a
white and gold horse yesterday but my
sister says the gold wouldn't really
match the house but on second thought I
think it will because we have like
golden like you know frames on the
paying so I don't know we're gonna have
another look around so it's becoming
like an impossible toss to like decorate
time to head out now it's actually super
late bow I love about Ramadan is
everywhere it's open to late again no
cats outside yet ever is open to late
so it's not a problem let's do this
let's get some furniture maybe when I
got my car I remember I was so hyped
about the feature I could turn it on
from outside
but now I don't even care go on turn on
you see that's why I'm not hyped because
I don't know how to use it
I just came over to the Apple store guys
and check this out some video for my
video on the laptop not sure who I think
it might have been Mima
regardless it's on that book hey check
that out boys check that out
I wonder who that is yep it's your boy
mole just ran into your boy I'm here
what's up what's up yo Scott out here
chanting boom done alright shout-out to
you guys and I appreciate you being on a
blog and yeah you're a squid for life
right so we're just buying some
furniture and finally I didn't vlog the
process but like after one hour this is
over again for our living room so we're
getting like this really cool horsey
looking thing if you look at that pretty
cool it's got like a classic design to
it and we're getting these two to go on
either side so hopefully we'll have
flowers in them and I think this will
kind of like brighten up the house and
make it look more full anyways like one
step at a time but yeah it's taking us
like we went back and forth between like
five designs like it's just to take you
so long I can promise you that okay you
chose what you want alright for now
we're getting this horse guys it's
really nice
look at this guy's our horse she's
getting wrapped up poor guy yeah that
was super dope guys uh you didn't see it
like often we purchased this everybody
there took both of us and they knew
about a challenge your squad for life we
love you we're going to come back two
more we got like a voucher for 200 erm
so we can just add more furniture which
is a good thing it's currently 1:00 a.m.
and all of the stores are closed the
only thing we're doing now and guess
what is guys guess what it is three days
back to back yo what up
hey how's it going gonna be in the blog
the other be in the luggage yo what up
say what I do here is go ahead you guys
you see ya now I should join you guys
one day you can teach me oh sure yo I
was super awesome being and they told me
if I ever come skiing they're gonna
teach me out to ski so guys I'm taking
your word for that k don't leave me on
that one just dumb bleep they're like
yeah don't worry bro just go down go
down we got you and the bear anyways
we're gonna go as I'll say we came here
to get that chicken that my mom has a
card back yeah like they gave us the
card and now we're like regular
customers as well as regular people that
get the free coupon type food chicken
chicken oh my god we got chicken guys oh
my god she can oh my god open open
sesame' look at that chicken
this is the exact same place exact same
food as yesterday
Bon Appetit okay five years later and
we're finally home with some furniture
some decorations so let's get straight
into boxing this guy's we're doing a
furniture a home furniture unboxing
today look at la bubbles we got your new
you got you a new partner look bubbles
oh oh oh okay sorry buddy
he's like dial you show me
all right boys I think that would be the
best place to put it you know look it
matches the owl's the colors match so
let's move around the owl's like put it
around it or something you know there
you go
whoa here take this you know I can
imagine is it very like wobbly okay is
it not flat is this thing not flat down
yeah guys we have a problem with the
cats can we stick it okay I think we
need to superglue this cuz if our cat's
knocked is it BAM broken hey hey how
skulls I think we need to put flowers in
the vases no look we can just take some
of them white yeah there you go
woo and take another one put it in that
one and then we have a whole set now all
right and now we just fill up this bars
with some flowers okay so here you go
this is our final design last know what
you think I think we did a really good
job damn okay so so far this corner of
the house is perfect
next up we have to fix up over here
where all of the
male is this is the problem of owning
cats guys two pieces in one go she made
that drop and that I just want to say
I'm praying for you buddy if you lost
one week if you lost one week that
you're good okay mommy Moe and Lana told
me that I need to cut the price tag for
this before the cats get hold of it so
do you guys recognize should do with
this knife psych
they're scissors in this thing that's
right
that's right guys this is like one of
the most handy things in this universe
wait stand there camera let me let me
show you one of these are scissors check
this out guys there's scissors in this
thing look you're watching boo boo and
that is why I love you guys cuz you guys
gave me this awesome like handy swiss
knife which has everything inside it oh
my god wobble don't eat it
as always guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
look you we are in my room at the MoMA
which is like one of the messiest rooms
in this house like if you look at my bed
you probably want to kill me like it
just looks like a laundry table like
there's a laundry basket and a load of
messy clothes but my favorite place in
this whole house is my desk and I know
it's messy but that's what I absolutely
love about it so I want to show you a
couple cool things first of all if you
guys remember the guy who sent this I
took off the gloss cause it was
completely broken and now that's here I
might actually put it next to the
official play button just to make it
look cool but yeah I appreciate that my
man and there's just so many cool things
on this table that you guys have said we
got phone cases you know even got stuff
that I got like this but one my favorite
all-time things is this thing like
magnetic pen holder so I want to say
thank you to every that sends in these
cool things cuz this is where it goes
like this is my fun table and I don't
actually work here ever
this is just a table for me to display
all the cool things you guys have given
me and anything that I've just bought
try and put on this table so yeah
anyways as always love you I'm gonna
wrap up today's video here see you
tomorrow for another epic day Yolo Yolo
goodbye wait don't forget be positive I
love you all and don't let anyone bring
you down cuz you're all awesome yo yo no
boy
