yo yo what's up everyone welcome back to
another video on the channel so today we
have something crazy planned out for the
vlog and I'm sure you guys already know
what it is we are going to do the 100
cheeseburger challenge yeah so right now
I'm about to buy 100 burgers and yeah
you guys know what we're gonna do we're
gonna try me a hundred burgers today
god damn now here's the thing there's
actually gonna be a little twist to our
challenge basically I'm not sure how
many of you guys know my friend Sean he
was here when I did the 500 noggin
challenge now he absolutely hates these
food eating challenges so yeah when he
gets here I'm gonna surprise him with
the hundred cheeseburgers and he has to
do it too this is Sean if you're
watching this I'm sorry I had to do this
to you before I go and get the burgers
I'm going to quickly cool my friend Sean
and just make sure that he's not
allergic or anything so yo I'm gonna
quickly go to McDonald's to get some
burgers you like cheeseburgers yeah you
really like cheeseburgers or something
else I you like them like them yeah I
like them but I'm not gonna have like a
thousand y'all you knows I'm up to
something right I'm about to go buy a
hundred burgers so we're gonna make sure
and eat them oh here we are
hello hi good evening can I get a
hundred cheeseburgers
it's a death but keep the weight right
okay all right guys so apparently I need
to wait for our sorry how about uh yeah
half an hour spine okay so we have the
way 1/2 an hour for the cheeseburgers to
be made guys we're gonna be back in 30
minutes to collect our burgers
nobody's gonna finish it what are you
gonna do I'm gonna give it to the
neighbor workers go driving around
handing our food and you think people
are just gonna be happy to eat the food
yeah they're not suspecting someone just
gives me a burger I'm gonna be like hmm
nothing's wrong with it right listen
guys people all right guys all right now
Shonda my other friend Duane just got
here so I'm gonna go outside and yeah we
just have to pretend nothing is
happening until the burgers get here in
the building bro it has been a long time
my boy Shawn is back we got Dwayne we
got mr. H in the building guys you know
it's about to go down when we have the
trio here we're about to make history
before working ourselves right now I'm
gonna quickly go and get some food guys
what you want cheeseburgers two
cheeseburgers but how many cuz like two
three right now McDonald's called me and
the burgers already so it's time to get
a hundred cheeseburgers fit in the
spurring I think
I think you know I'd hate to have a
client like it come right before me a
hundred times more think is a one person
order now let's go and pick up a hundred
I don't know how much a hundred burgers
is but I think it's a long wait is that
100 how many is in each oh my god so
this ketchup and everything in there do
you want get you guys look at the
burgers next to my sister thank you guys
okay we have the space bread so it's not
an issue
all right mission accomplished we got
everything and this is so cool hey by
the way shoutout to a fan who gave me
this easy check this is an easy chain
I have laces oh my god illusion has
homies rage did you check all right so
for now it's time to get all the
cheeseburgers out so let's do a little
time lapse
hi guys so food is finally ready we are
a home are you hungry
you're starving we got you bro we got
you I got sauce yeah let the challenge
begin
all right here goes nothing guys
basically the aim of the game is to try
and finish as many of these burgers when
you thanks guys we have to keep it
simple keep it professional without
further ado we're about to start so let
the challenge begin
all right go for it guys go right you
got this what did we start choking just
another 20
good job I just made a double
cheeseburgers so that counts us dude so
so far I think we're about like 15 to 20
burgers in as a group guys Shawn is
having his double cheeseburger
yeah shout-out to my guy hate she's on
number 5 Dwayne is like bro you're about
to die
traitors I'm god oh god guys you still
got around 80 burgers to go so yeah
honestly what do you think chicken
nuggets or cheeseburgers yeah you know
honey
the white guy said cheeseburgers you
guys that was our attempt to having a
hundred cheeseburgers I need everybody
to say how many they ate H Dwayne three
bro don't even live don't even lie they
tried to say Ted we're gonna make the
first-ever cheese pyramid how do we do
this I make a circle around it we are
about to make a cheeseburger pyramid
right now
Wow Wow
I can still do one more this is the
aftermath of the challenge we are going
back to McDonald's to get our refund
they weren't they weren't good enough
you know what I've realized I actually
kind of look good with my blonde taxi
don't you think my blonde hair actually
looks kind of like so I did tell you
guys that were recording a song
basically for the past one hour we've
been recording this song y'all I'm not
even gonna gas it up right now because
like I've said this in the past but
Shawn what is it
yo you got a banger oh you guys
basically the song is officially done
after one year guys I don't even waiting
a really long time for it but it is done
like the song is completed guys check my
drift when I walk we got a real one
listen baby it's a it's a banger anyways
just to show you guys how many burgers
we actually have left right guys check
this out you guys we literally have so
many burgers left right now but as I
said guys don't worry because tomorrow
we're actually gonna be going and giving
these all out our boys so before end of
today's video it is time to announce the
giveaway winner
yes I'm sure all of you guys been
waiting for this moment but basically if
you don't already know I'm giving away 6
quality phones and today I'm picking the
winner to the first one so don't worry
if you don't win that there's still five
more to go off to this so yeah
it's time to pick the winner guys all
right let's do this
okay so I'm pretty sure most of you
already know how this works right now
I'm gonna load up all 90,000 comments
and yeah the website's gonna randomly
pick me a winner so let's do this guy
let's load the comments oh yeah look at
how many comments ninety thousand two
hundred time okay here we go guys
randomly pick winner three two one
Diego Leon you are the winner
let's open up his YouTube channel
yeah how do I contact you
all right congratulations to Diego guys
if you have Juan Diego just make sure to
put your email address here and I'll
contact you that's it yeah ah all right
anyways there you go that is the winner
as I said don't worry if you haven't
already won I'm giving away five more
phones so if you guys want to win one of
them all you need to do subscribe and
comment down below why you want to win
and that is it literally as easy as that
but yeah guys as always i'ma call it a
night here I love you guys so so BA guys
as always I must say good night to all
of you here I love you guys so so much
and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
Galliano
