yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so today something
insane is gonna be happening we're gonna
go do this like Kairo therapy type thing
I'm not sure exactly what it is Lana
actually set it up for us but basically
we're gonna be in this like freezing
cold chamber and how how cold is it I
think it's a minus 180 minus 180 guys
it's insane it's insane guys so we're
gonna go head over there
try it out by the way money Mosel so
trying you and she absolutely hates the
cold so let's see how this turns out
I just know it's gonna be super dope so
I'll see you guys once we get there one
noun star alright so we just made it
over to our destination guys and gave
the cars in to get parked but I actually
never knew it the place we're coming
today is at the Emirates Towers if you
see behind me and these are like two of
the most beautiful Towers ever so
without further ado let's go in see
what's up and yet basically we're gonna
get frozen to death I bring my chicken
and it's very good for their skin and
stuff like that to be honest my skin is
not doing too well at the moment so I
think I need this right and for the
ladies you can do when your makeup on
yeah it's Sun weird right you don't need
to take it off or anything they just
like blow this icing
Wow look at this place this is dope up
we go
and let's go
and die why yeah I'm getting guys if
this wasn't good for me I wouldn't have
been going because I know it's going to
be good for the skin and recently I've
been getting my loads a spot so
hopefully you can help out that here we
are boys you finally made it over to
this place I really like the blue team
it has going on and if you check out
behind us like well the rooms have like
machine chamber type thing so check it
out check it out
anyways let's go to our room which is
been prepared for us so yeah oh okay no
wrong way I is this way let's go I
really have to show you this machine
guys so at the moment it's turned off
but when they turn it on this thing is
going to be minus 140 degrees Celsius by
the way this is the coldest thing on
planet Earth no joke so basically once
it turns on you're gonna see light loads
it like this freezing mist coming out
from the top and we're going to be
standing inside it it's insane like we
have to take apart built upon bathrobes
and then that's how we go in Kuwait so
the regime has officially been switched
on as you can see I've got my gloves on
and my robe and stuff like that and in
one minute time it's going to be time
for us to go in there can you see that
my gosh me just for the blood guys
Lana's gonna go first and test it out
she can tell us how to feel so that
further adue Alana's gonna get into this
machine
yeah Paul your gloves by the way don't
forget you need to move around in there
and yeah
look at the top do not flush early
anything besides and you also have to
avoid revealing the paper it's best to
keep your head up okay alright baby
yo look at that guys my feet is
submerged Lana is now officially in the
chamber
how's it do you know what it looks like
it looks like we're cooking you oh my
god this is good it actually looks like
we just put you into like a cooking ball
you can do it so there you go guys this
how it looks like you put a lot of oh my
god get that freezing away from your off
wait don't worry you'll survive you
survive this is where you pull the
extreme torture test guys hands up like
hey party wagon to the house guys look
at the floor right now it's so misty -
mommy mommy is it your turn now huh
really
and there you go guys Oh
how is it like still moving bro calm
down I don't know I just really like
want to get a mother I it's mummy Moe's
turn now as she gets into the chamber
guy
okay as you can see guys first Ilana and
now Bobby bones cooking in that pot it
just looks so soaked bang and there you
go love it
Wow look at that guy's dad that looks so
cool what do you call this exactly
crane Blowfish cryo Blowfish sure there
you go guys and Lana is the first one do
you if you look at that it's like
they're blooming dislike I is it code
wow it looks so funny oh my god this is
good for your skin guys so that's what
it is and he just looks so awesome like
look at it it looks like you're under
some like surgery you know can you eat
the steam is it possible saw this do you
think you wanted to be though guys I
told you Donna's going through some I
told you Lana's going through some
serious surgery guys so I hope you I
hope you're doing good buddy I hope
you're doing like a patient right now
I tried you're gonna get through this
don't worry you know it's really cool
guys this is called cryo blows hey guys
I completely mess with the name it's not
below facial hello facial it's really
good for your skin so it's like really
cool air that's being blown I think I'm
holding the camera Darwin yes bra which
way I don't I'll record you there you go
guys you know she's like a brain cells
are kind of freezing options because
it's little boy idea and it feels so
relaxing right now you saw my brother
was showing me falling like so you're
stalking if I could this lit you like a
spa so it feels awesome on my turn you
best believe I'm just swallowing that
stop it I bet you it's gonna give you
superpowers like that thing looks like
if I swallow it I like it I like blow
out like ice or something sure I'm
trying guys
I'm sorry I it just has to be done okay
it just feels like a superpower
well it looks really cool like and it
feels
anyways hope you hope you do good enjoy
John all right guys what mummies turn
has started and she looks like she's
doing some laser eye surgery damn what
is the difference between this on and on
oh it's all the same it's doing no oh
that is so cool guys
she look like she looks what there is
guys but not time to put you into the
chamber oh hi anyway you need to put a
little three friends hi my turn to go in
the chamber guys we're gonna leave mommy
mo over here doing her little massage
that just looks so cool with the razor
dot lights and stuff anyways let's go
you ready my turn for the chamber the
machine is ready for me oh my god I take
the camera whoa look yeah this is pretty
easy guys here that's what's up huzzah
you know experience
do you know so the best athletes in the
world go through y'all this is like I'm
like in a cooking pot right now it's
like reverse cook in your toilet like
make me an artifact in here once you
want a complete life you have to go
through every element today I'm
completing ice
Attica oh man this is cold oh my god
this is a game called Yellin oh is this
number three I think this is really
awesome did you go the running man
challenge okay this is getting cold now
I go for by the way
imagine they're wrong that's what's up
guys I don't even need gloves
I'm a boss okay my corporate thing I
can't record in here oh this is bad
this is cold four three two oh my gosh
almost freezing I don't know guys I
can't look at my boxers you're frozen
okay let's keep a PG oh no it's
seriously so cold you feel energized
though offering get more bending I've
started recording now hi boys as you can
see I'm doing my facial right now ah see
how relaxed relaxed yeah I told um can I
eat that oh yeah better to close your
eyes so these are both sided and I know
I like it yeah the laser looks cool yo
guys I think they're onto us I'm gonna
rent all my face but he's you know
please I don't imagine a I don't wanna
die how did you come your bad dream hey
guys are you guys at our table when
people are off to you with guns lon
the sniper was Jason Moran mama Bobby
did you finish yeah how was it
hey nice by the Bobby Chiat she didn't
go into the chamber for her that long
she was in that committee 3/32 likes
knowing I feel like I'm becoming smarter
giving me brain cells all right well I
think my brother is very relaxed right
now that's why you just think now see
you gotta take this massage all right
but let's leave him here without y'all
you guys juggling a little peace out and
I'll see you guys after my facial Oh out
we go boys end of our little car
recession now that we're outside guys I
just want to show you what they actually
show on the screen outside check it out
they let you know that you're about to
go into an tart dough is 140 degrees
what'd you guys do you realize how cold
that is like I said hey check this out
guys that's exactly what we just did oh
my god what the hell keep it PG guys
give a PG anyways that's head out now
guys awesome awesome fun over here and
time to go back into the heat now that
we're leaving I have to show you these
things because they've got like these
really really cool
statues like in the middle over here
this thing is massive whoa
19th century antiques you heard it there
guys
Wow that'd be so cool to decorate your
house at don't you think should we go
inside and cool
let's go let's go this place looks for
some ankle don't know yeah don't worry
man I got you check it out wow that is
epic
places like antique Ville over here guys
wow I do not want to bump into that guys
cuz I can I can guess that's gonna be
pretty expensive if you break it check
that out as well damn this is all
antique stuff guys and saw their pieces
are three million dirhams
alright boys so let's check out some
more stuff they have over here they have
like some awesome awesome like antique
stuff if you can see like everything is
like so golden this is Louis 15 stable
Wow how much is that how much is this
table this one is it's not for sale
oh it's very expensive Wow dad I don't
think you're gonna work on it in case
you scratch it imagine you leave a pen
mark when I like it whoa - 1 million
there I'm on that by the way they gave
us like these really cool books like all
the pictures of Dianetics so that was
super nice at that
anyways boys just leaving my house as
you can see yeah that that cabin alone 3
million that's awesome anyway it's
beautiful stuff over here for now we are
heading out Wow wow that was insane let
me show you the books they gave us dig
it was like proper and
like yeah open a let's check it out guys
wow that was so kind of them to give us
this oh my god by the way my sister
loves this stuff I'm so happy not to
take bows and not have given everything
like it's good wow that is like a proper
antique book right there guys it's
really barter as well so you've got like
the written information now that we're
out guys I want to show you what car
racism looks like okay this is what you
call car racism my car it's not here in
the valet my sister's car it's parked so
they took my car away because it was too
ugly I think that that's what it is guys
that's what it is they didn't even leave
my car here like legit there was space
for it right behind you but no no they
just did it didn't like my car was way
too ugly for them so they took it away
they've got like two or three peacocks
drinking water over there do you see
that hey buddy I'm good I'm good no I'm
your friend I'm your friend
what are precogs doing here we decided
to come over to the divine rule if you
guys don't know I want to enter for the
easy competition and basically you can
each enter so we're all gonna try to get
some easy you don't be funny
imagine mommy mo wins the easy once you
win then everything happens so you just
enter like for a raffle and stuff like
that hey let's go see if my friend is
over there yes they are speaking
somebody the guy who told me about it so
hopefully is there so you can guide me
through the best way to win the model
win it's gonna look so dodgy now I'm
guys I promise you it's not rigged in
any way if I win I Lydia wanna check it
out boys we are here Yeezy boost 750
registration that's what's up Lana
mami more entering right now yeah buddy
good luck may the best person win hi we
successfully entered the raffle guys
lego boys let's go I'm actually
and she's so excited I've never put
myself in an easy raffle so this kid
this can feel once-in-a-lifetime thing
man
by the way the new you she's apparently
the soul glows like this is how you know
like I don't even know about this shoot
I'm just entering for it like it's such
a hype mentality like you just want it
cuz it's so limited no it does actually
look good when I saw out like I'm pretty
not as easy that money like this
wondering if you guys remember the shoes
my sister got the other day right now
we're actually gonna try and exchange
the size hopefully they will let us do
it so yeah we're just gonna go into the
store now and see how it goes Lana's
gonna try and see if they have her sighs
I think it's working god damn it guys
damn it basically the reason we couldn't
change it is they said because the same
model he sent us is not in Dubai not
here and plus I don't think you can
exist here even if it was the money you
can already exchange if you've actually
boy it from Dubai and the reason is I
think they have like different
manufacturers so unfortunately we going
at it change but we're good ok guys so
check this out
I'm just looking for fashion Avenue look
at this has stopped me to get the key
that is where you get the keys to the
restaurant check it out taking a run
deeper that is so epic I was always
wondering where you get it from guys
drink that as well because there's me
you find a kid I never knew you know I
thought we have to get it from I thought
you have to go search parks and stuff
like ignore something novice oh yeah
guys if you see this that is how you get
the key that shirt
I said cuz my sisters like don't they
were like don't bother him don't mother
why are you going up to a strange I was
like it says get the key for me so you
might sound like it was a prank I was
like you're getting bro you get good
slice and recording me from a distance
and a good thing what you're gonna do
right
it is finally time to eat we are
absolutely starving like a mummy boy in
the corner just like the holiday she is
feeling so tired because she hasn't
Ian but finally time to eat they've
actually got really cool like if dark
feast over here which is pretty dope
turbulence like it comes in loads and
loads of things and it's reasonably
priced like I didn't know that so we go
in and he look at that dance move guys
damn I never knew you had that in you 3
2 1
let the molten cake spill oh look at
that oh my god guys you're not going to
believe the bill holy moly
I thought everything was complimentary
guys all right jokes aside check this
out so we got this like F dorm you and
look at this everything stayed here is 0
0 0 cos t or because it's part of the
meal but that made it have one of the
longest bills ever guys check that out
everything says 0 don't worry we're not
like buying the whole place out but yeah
I thought that's pretty cool ok boys for
down with a step in body Milano she's
actually over here buying yourself some
lenses another on and another case you
guys there peace out I'm gonna go meet
up with my friend my boy rocket and
we're both gonna enter for the easies
together when we first went you sold
mommy more Lana enter now it's time for
me to enter I thought maybe I don't know
why in my head I thought maybe if I
apply later on I'll make our chances
even more I don't know like I feel like
were you put in the same spot you know
if I applied with them so who knows
maybe used to work out all right boys
I'm back and I'm about to enter for the
easies I'm super hyped this is gonna be
my do or die I really want to win man
here is my lucky and true ticket voice
fame where I ID'd us now Yeezy 750 line
oh here we go boys this is my lucky dip
eye boom we're in there by the way we
are like the lost people in the store
and they've locked us in oh hi there we
going
dad dad you gonna let us out no all
right we're out boys
No also is that guys check it out my man
is here who I've met him guys and now
it's just like yeah we finally made it
to the car boys I am heading off home
for today at an awesome awesome day oh
my not who's hurt well I know from the
door wait make sure this is my house huh
yeah yeah it's my house ha ha what up
what up did you enter the ez rifle it's
actually started to become a habit for
me to read the letters you have sent in
at night so I wanted to share a couple
of the layers I've read today so first
up I got this awesome piece of fan art
from John and luleå or is it Julia my
am I saying this wrong a sorry John and
Julia which is also it's like the
Mustang and the Lamborghini so I
appreciate that that is all the way from
Brazil thank you my man appreciate that
my boy Marco wrote me a really really
sweet letter
I appreciate it he wrote you motivate me
to get successful and stuff like that so
I appreciate that and I just love
hearing stuff like they know positive
vibes one of them is from Louise she
also said that they started a gaming
youtube channel which is pretty dope and
they gave me a note for my money
collection this is from Mexico by the
racers Thank You Louise and finally my
boy new Mariner frost from Sri Lanka and
he gave me a couple of pieces to add to
the collection but this is my favorite
like this really really cool and like
antique sri lankan know if you see that
I think this looks dope oh yeah the last
layer actually had to share with you
guys this one actually made me smile so
much from Stephan who is from Germany
and basically he said how my videos make
him smile and in return he sent me ten
smiley face stickers and you guys don't
know how much that made me happy for
some reason I don't know why yeah
actually put a smile on my face so here
you go I'm gonna I'm gonna stick one on
to myself just to remember my
self to always be happy and that's what
I want to tell you guys like I always
say in my vlogs be positive keep pushing
through there is so much negativity in
this world and you guys just need to get
rid of it all don't care be positive and
just just go forward if you guys just
put yourself in a positive state of mind
ignore everything just ignore all the
nonsense going on on the outside and all
the problems because I guarantee you and
I see so many vloggers saying it's like
any problem you're probably going
through now is going to be solved sooner
or later so don't get too worried about
it
just just smile be positive and I
guarantee you it will make everything
much better anyways I'm gonna wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed don't forget if you're watching
this I want you to smile just should be
happy and smile yes if they also love
you yellow yellow see you tomorrow guys
boy
