yo everyone good morning welcome to
another vlog so something crazy has
happened today and we're gonna go on a
very very cool adventure now but you
guys remember I was like I think two
weeks ago or I sold my friends Range
Rover now this is actually a really
crazy story so I sold as you guys saw in
the video this place could sell any car
and the owner the CEO of that company
contacted me today and they've invited
me to their house which is in the Virg
belief but now that isn't impressive
enough and my money you know why are you
so excited again let me show you oh this
guy is worth so much money and he is one
of the biggest entrepreneurs and that is
just crazy that you'd invite me to his
house because of a vlog I did so you
must have seen that I was super happy
with that I guess so you invited me over
and the main reason I'm happy is you
guys know me I love preaching to people
to chase their dreams so meeting people
that have done that on a huge scale is
something I always love to do you always
need mentors so hopefully we can go
today and learn a lot from him about
business and stuff because as I said
this guy is like a boss anyways I'm
about to head out for today I'm actually
gonna go pick up my boy mow whenever I
go somewhere in you I like to take
someone with me you know it just adds a
little bit of comfort to it plus he's
gonna be my life security guard like
check check clear everything's clear now
I decide it should be good fun and just
awesome meeting a boss so I
finally made it over to my boys house
all right their doors I got you man got
you what up hey my boy
van is asleep he's not waking up with
all that noise when he got one over sick
last night dude you'll even know I'm
doing research on them
says his company is like worth at 1
billion dollar 1 million oh my god this
is how you can stalk you guys - come on
research before you go meet somebody man
where is it Motors are motile that's it
let's see if we can close like a a
billion-dollar idea - yeah some plots on
my boy odd man is still not down we need
to wake him up man did you stick a
finger morning buddy good morning bro us
up all right buddy see you soon good
night sorry for disturbing you by the
way boys no actually got me an ad Ifrit
you're gonna open later on soon
that's crazy yamir books I didn't wrap
it or anything new book boys we don't do
that fancy stuff around yet and he's
wearing the pinnacles oh he's trying to
impress somebody today Wow look at that
guy's we just made it over here so the
famous Burj Khalifa
I love the war show they have here all
the time we actually need a password to
enter guys which mo has us were secret
password guys nine seven five nine nine
seven five nine nine seven five nine and
it's a new password every time so don't
try to write it down there is it I've
been here quite a few times guys but
this view it just never gets old like
check it out guys we're getting
concierge to take us up with like a vows
I have to give you free up and feeling
walks up there no another assisting
somebody on my hand no if you wanna go
yeah let's go thank you so much
I can't boys you have to take a separate
self elevators to go higher and I don't
even know where well you don't get to
know work is this top secret location
let's go
alright boys so we finally made it over
here this is the man himself psy again
thank you for having us first of all in
your amazing apartment check this place
out is crazy but I just got focused on
is those two magazines in the corner
guys we have to do some cloth talk today
guys so entrepreneur so straight-up
kidding what are these for like these
are actually interviews
I haven't suffered a couple of the
magazines but it mentions for example or
even business mentioned their launch of
celini carnival Wow okay no has grown
ever since and after which is how you
met how you saw his video yes Wow like
so that's basically why you guys are
here so when I saw that I definitely
wanted to explain a little bit more how
we really work because well it was super
funny thing I stole one of our customers
back so you watch the whole video oh my
god that's one in good negotiation
skills yeah yeah I'm lagging all extra
to my man mo on that your Lambo fluently
oh no he didn't
yeah we messed up got my best
so actually what I've seen is you guys
were happy with the price but you had no
clue where this whole thing came from
right so like I'd like to explain this
at the end of the day when you come to
sell any car local you and your car
actually more your car presented to our
huge marketplace yeah so sell any car is
actually marketing it ends up buying the
car always so we don't broker any car or
anything but when you bring the car to
our inspection Bay this report will be
shown to all our automotive partners
worldwide so everyone is bidding on your
car real-time and the highest price wins
car dealers exactly all of automotive
professionals could be car dealers or
any types of Heike so the more you're
getting the better for us as well
because we take a kind of them uh is
bidding ourselves as well so at the end
of the day we will always buy your car
at the highest price quality the highest
price which is not only based on device
market or W market detection wherever
the car is worth more that's where we
will soon so we coordinate the market
instantly so the car I sold could
technically go to China your car a
colander it could go in the world you'll
be a ranger in China so away wow that is
crazy
damn I never knew that word what is the
cheapest car you've ever bought we
bought cars for one day just nice no
wait like what was it it was me did it
move liabilities than anything else yet
I just see okay that's just a piece of
that and is there something like really
expensive is all like you bought cars
for more than a million and a half wow
that's like over Aventadors and people
came with custom-made cars and said that
only exists seven times Wow
but so that's why the company's called
sell any car so you really can come with
it with like a Bugatti the test full out
option or a little more like a little
piece of metal that just runs for now
we're actually leave this beautiful
apartment and go around the Burj Khalifa
so Simon's gonna kindly show us around
the exclusive parts that we never seen
before
so let's do it by the way I always had a
question you see those glass doors what
is that for since the fire oh my eyes
you ready for burns a basic you shot
stuff that make sense nothing
how did we not make it it is a
difference Katrina genius a handsome I
that's actually
of every resident he has to go to nearly
training and novels yeah in terms of
health and really really go away yeah
you need to know what I mean if it burns
and you are like I have the other in
floor you might take a bit until you get
done and you have to walk down it's not
that you can take a longer than twenty
floor or every the first part yet drink
so you actually have to walk them even
if that layers are available think it's
not that it's not that you just know it
you have to do Wow this is the entrance
the gym guys and this is absolutely
insane the life of a CEO that is crazy
check this thing out guys how many
floors up is this Wow
seventy-six floors and if you guys see
there there's a connection where you can
go under into the pool outside that is
crazy but I never do this about the
virgin of ypres guys
we'll go to the gym often sxtz like a
water corridor over there that is
madness that now I kind of want to live
here and here we are all these residents
away this is open guys I'm kind of
scared of heights oh that is crazy
76 floors up guys and this is completely
open oh my god yo bro I'm shaking in my
legs right now that is crazy you can see
the hold of Dubai from up here Wow
yo this is one of the craziest views you
guys have probably ever seen on the
channel because normally when you're in
the board Khalifa you don't have an open
terrace view and this is like only for
the people that live here or like so
high right now then Henry's boys we're
gonna head out his place now
amazing amazing view Mindy it's windy as
hell does hot anymore bro really yeah it
feels cold like you know guys when you
go up and it becomes cooler I really
feel that back right now
we're actually going to go to the gym
which is through these stairs
oh I'm Turing the wart on oh this place
is I I used luxurious but even me I've
never seen these parts like this is
crazy
nice little pool view from up here not
bad not bad
thank you this there's nobody workout
over here yeah mo Beijing Mondays at
Mall how do you be small okay we're
heading to one of the coolest places
that we've never checked out over here
guys the garage so I'm gonna go down
there walk around and see what we can
spot because I've heard it's crazy time
to go into the garage we need the
special key for approval let's do this
aye boys so we just made it over into
the parking lot and check it out
straight up we found a laugher re and a
Porsche 9 1 8 this is the world's most
expensive garage I've heard with over a
hundred million dollars for the cars and
I know why now like check these two
beasts out and we just started so for
the rest of this thing I'm gonna do like
a compilation of all the cars we see so
let's get straight into this if it's as
good as this today's vlog is gonna be
crazy let's see the cars y'all we got
ourselves and me back
oh my god crazy okay boy so that was the
little garage tour heading back up now
yo you guys will not believe what we
have over here in this place if you guys
are gaming fan you must have had one of
these in your childhood so we have a
Nintendo and Nintendo's Super Nintendo
the names are so old Atari this goes way
back guys before you even born this is
literally your house born obviously the
PlayStation 4 which is brand new boy
don't forget about the original Gameboy
hey boys this thing is huge
that's crazy Nintendo 64 what is this
though this controller I've never seen
before
that's a 64 Wow and even yes yo NES bro
are these no like that's crazy is you
have to like blow ways in the work clean
it off do you remember that then you put
it in and it doesn't work and you bring
it back out that's unbelievable oh my
god that is just it brings back so many
memories this one this is the exact one
I had so before we head out for today
there is one last segment I want to do
over here which is cloth talk of course
you guys know so there's one question
that's on all of our minds what do we
have to do
this type of life like how do we build
such a successful company
well that is usually starts I mean
that's I get a lot of these questions
because I actually teach at the
University and the students ask me I'll
make a question everybody wants to know
I always asked back I said who of you
guys never had a business idea as
usually like maybe one or two out of a
hundred who never had a business idea
usually everyone has some times a
business idea there but when you ask how
many of you have actually made a
business out of that it's like I can
figure out as silent so no one actually
doesn't so what I'm trying to do is
bridge that how do you make an idea into
reality right so then all the types of
excuses will come up like I don't have
enough money I'm not the best person to
do it I don't know if it will work yeah
and guess what you actually have ways of
eliminating risk are there four types of
risk I'm not going to go into detail I
usually usually basically you can really
analyze a business idea before you start
and then you look at who's going to
finance it and you can find investors if
you don't have the money you can start
with your own money if you don't have
money you can find from family friends
or you find investors you build a
business plan the business plan actually
shows you what this will be most likely
again come up with assumptions and then
you find the right team when you have
the great team you can start and don't
forget it's never a one-man show it's
always probably more the team than you
yourself so at the end of the detai you
build a business which solves a problem
if you don't so and it's not your own
problem it's usually a massive from yeah
others problem like for example what's a
lady card does this it solves a problem
of selling used cars right you guys
ended up in Cesaro
our problem was we had major problems
thank God it was all there man
so when you saw the problem yeah and you
win with the people ending with the
customers then you become a successful
company and if you have a successful
company usually everyone gets rewarded
everything in this house is actually
controlled by your phone or you can do a
by your phone which is pretty cool so
check it out what's the first thing we
can try out Joe check that out guys all
of the blinds are automatic and they go
down together
talk about yeah that's crazy
anyways guys I'm heading off here for
today amazing amazing days you thank you
probably Austin talk soon yeah it was
great life to meet you
Harpo his as you saw finished up over
there we had a little bit of shying just
some mogul talking for like three hours
a jury for top down we go boys
I wonder how long it takes for that
innovator to get here let's count one
two I'll already made it back of home
finally after a long day Moe is heading
out a man gets easy buddy boy I'll stay
hora forger that that's crazy the cars
in Saigon huh one hell of a guy too huh
now he was amazing guys we had a long
chat off the vlog so whatever you guys
saw was like this much of the cloth talk
we got to see the whole sorry greedy we
kept all the cloth talk to ourselves by
to catch you soon yellow clogged man and
yeah also mostly that guys don't crease
them Jordans though least of my Jordans
I keep
so we finally made it
Oh check it out Moe gave me a huge back
out one days I'm going to open that
probably tomorrow so leave your guesses
down below what did what did Moe give me
hopefully you have enjoyed today's log
if you have drop a like button it's just
awesome being new faces you know the
best thing I always say it's not about
what you know it's about who you know
and that that's just like a worldwide
thing so it's great meeting
entrepreneurs and stuff and just sitting
down having a chat I'm building a
relationship with everybody okay that's
what it's all about and you're a stable
so everybody love you we'll see you guys
tomorrow and yeah if you guys didn't
already know I'm having a giveaway right
now go back to yesterday's vlog and
leave a comment and your entry by the
way you have to be subscribed as well
that's only two basic rules nothing else
be a subscriber and Kohinoor yesterday's
video and you're in alright they also
love your yellow yellow goodbye
