yo yo yo everyone good morning and
welcome to another vlog so I know this
may be weird but basically for me
tomorrow Ramadan starts and I know this
vlog is gonna be out while it is already
Ramadan but you know I have a little bit
of a delay on my vlogs but because it is
tomorrow rethought on the last day
before Ramadan we do like a little bit
of a barbecue so without further ado
it's gonna be the last time for a long
time guys let's do this
wow that is a lot of fire mummy normally
doesn't catch that much by the way guys
my mum and sister
completely stolen my glasses for me oh
jeez I mean I think you already is on
fire like you don't need to do much more
okay so I think the photo mommy
guys the fire shirt off but damn that
was dangerous
anyways boys as you can see the charcoal
finally caught a light it was actually
like really hard they kept on turning
off and stuff but yeah it looks to be
good now ooo my feet my feet boy oh my
god burnt car boys a few moments later
and all the kebabs are ready dad I saw
one of books a toy which I bought the
other day and while we're in the toy
store I saw this thing and it looked
pretty cool so I'm just gonna straight
get into it and see what's up
basically I think goo is supposed to
come out of his mouth when I squeeze
this ball so I'm going to quickly rip
off the plastic okay am I am i doing it
right okay let's go upside down maybe
this would be easier alright I'm pretty
sure Guha supposed to come out of his
mouth ah ah okay
does it go back in does it go back in
here ah that is completely girls who
make his toy let me
get a bowl guys this is just some weird
slime dang okay no uh you know I don't
want to read you guys through any more
sick than you probably already that toy
is gross I do not recommend yeah I
thought it'd be like a slime that goes
back here but it just comes out that's
it just comes out so the cans are super
hungry so me am I more rushing over to
go and get them some food and after that
we're actually gonna go to a hotel we're
gonna go to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel to
have dinner this week is the like hotel
we I'm gonna quickly go pop into the
store to get the cat some food but
there's a very nice yellow Ferrari
parked over here new song alert wait
just wait my life into it all that
running water I still don't know where
it came from
right tell me why do you always say oh
you tell me why you think everybody is
finally ready and we're gonna make it
over to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel is I
think so here we are they've actually
put a red carpet for the entrance which
is pretty cool
we've been here before for like our
friend's wedding but I haven't come
because it was a woman section then so
let's go in and see what's up
hi guys so you finally made it inside
and just go see it if you can see Lana
over here what up what up you can see
behind her there's like a live band
playing by the way my mom and sister
I've actually been here before for our
friend's wedding
ah the reason I didn't come guys to the
wedding is because when I was here but
this was the female sections only women
were allowed and also the male sections
of the first for me original I need
private rooms as well you see them like
where the currents are you can go sit
back but we won't get any of the singer
so I think we should sound here just out
like a nice entertaining stage
yeah like they can change you a lot yeah
guys what the hell is this look at what
we found on the table
he's like a snapchat face that is very
very weird I've never seen that before
but that is awesome hi guys
I have literally balanced you on a water
bottle okay please nobody move okay just
will you go like three niche snapchat
guys people are looking at me like I'm
crazy and bring that holy crap guys I
just knocked over the war of my elbow
and I kind of create a huge mess on the
floor everybody turned around look at me
it was super dumb again the whole words
on the floor look at that oh my job it's
like a whole long trail anyways
okay I know war needs to be around me
that's watch out for that as I was
trying to say before our almost burqa
gloss guys that is what you called a 3d
snapchat check it out let's go into the
snapchat whoa
that's live and then that's that chat
where is it
by the way guys these are the private
rooms I was talking about so if you're
somebody like extremely famous or
something you can just come and sit
inside here and like they close the
curtains you see these they close them
off so she's pretty cool oh my god yeah
it's very primal I imagine if you're
like you know like your boy Drizzy Drake
over here and yeah like you just come
here like closer girl this base was
really cool and they have football
playing I might just sit here and watch
the football to be honest anyways let's
go the Buffy is open let's go get some
food and yeah oh
oh my god guys this is literally the
biggest chocolate fountain I have ever
seen it's the size of Waldo holy moly
I've seen chocolate fountains this big
but that's like on another level
I know we remain bootable look at his
look at his they have chocolate cake as
well chocolate mousse cake okay sorry to
my diet and my exercise routine but
tomorrow is Ramadan so it's a cheat day
all right guys so I was just inside
trying to find myself some kebabs and I
was like where are they all at and then
I came outside they've got like a whole
barbecue going on here look at the smoke
that is insane I'm sorry guys it's a
cheat day I got so much fruit in my
plate right now it's ridiculous anyways
the Lana's are here there's so much
smoke guys like them anyways I'm gonna
go inside eat often that I can't wait
for dessert cuz that's going to be
delicious
they actually have fresh coconut juice
here as well I feel like we're back in
Zanzibar thank you so much by the way
time for what we've all been waiting for
guys the chocolate fountain
oh my god oh my god you just made a
white cake into a chocolate cake that's
what's up look at it guys yo are you
sure you haven't smothered it enough
like it's only like a kilogram of
chocolate in there Ilana swamp
you don't realize how soon I am into
your face right now
it looks nice it looks like you got a
cool background behind you hey look at
that
anyways guys we are heading out now as
you can see you've got these little cool
golden gift packets but my favorite
thing is I got to keep the snapchat
filter guys so yeah by the way guys this
is the place you come in as soon as you
get in I never showed you it feel like
one of the coolest routes ever and I
still can't believe they gave me the
snapchat think about like can I keep it
ever like yeah you're like what are you
doing this is dope that I'm gonna use
every day Oh anyways this space look at
this eye light whoa Hey look so thank
you so much
mommy after you Oh red carpet Dana I'm
neighbors love it seriously
alright boy so we just got to the mall
and basically I want to buy myself a
couple of shirts but that store just
closed so let's go look around
basically I've come to do some Jean
shopping because I needed a new pair of
jeans you guys like these let me know
are they a nice thing
hey yeah my prospective guys six each
but look at this ready go yes
Maude I think he needs a bigger size
we're actually the lost people in this
store you can see it so the door was
closed let me show you guys so when you
enter this is how the door was like shot
and I just pushed it in and they let us
stay in and do some shopping so I
quickly tried on a shirt I thought it
looked really cool so I picked it out
like black with blue things
alright guys are gonna head it out I
can't believe we actually got in here
Lana didn't want to come in she was like
don't open the door we just pushed our
way in like literally it's technically
closed but you know we make everything
happen we open stores for ourselves okay
before I leave guys I spied a really
really gorgeous blue rose which I have
to show you guys check this bad boy out
guys day
I really love the color blue and this
car just looks absolutely gorgeous guys
Wow Wow
oh my god I love this car also not to
forget right next to it it's like a
white GU igan which just looks amazing
like my favorite colors in G Wagon are
either a white or black so I absolutely
love this car it's really cool that
they're parked next to each other
because they're like two cars I really
love now that we're home I thought it'd
be cool to open up these packets which
they gave us over here we've actually
got three so I'm assuming and all three
of them is the same thing
anyways let's open them and see what's
up I hope you have some cool things in
there I'm gonna guess before you open it
at some chocolates in there oh I'm kind
of right it's okay oh I thought there'd
be chocolate like you know I love you oh
we got all right you were lucky we
didn't put this upside down yeah I did
not know who's in there that's actually
awesome serious I like the packet more
than anything in this region by the way
while we're on the topic of why go let
me go show you my new shirts I think you
look still hey hey I check it out boys
this is my new shirt I barely buy
clothes by the way so when I do it's
something special so hit the like button
anyways basically I've realized that
this packet and this packet have been
with us for like the longest time ever
and I apologize to the people who sent
them because this has been with us for
like a month at least so I throw it open
and find you for the blog and see what's
in it
oh all right what is it
I don't know what that means to be
honest fashion Avenue I got its Salvador
burger boy that's like a random I am
both in your side wow those are really
nice but I think they're really nice
what's the size of it they actually
looked pretty nice beautiful oh my
god you know shower I suppose both we're
trying to do milk time and he's like
loved so much I forgot one of my
favorite brand for shoes
lips filled up this is my favorite shoes
from Salvador it I didn't know what that
brand is oh my god thank you
it fits it's just about fits wow this is
so beautiful why guys you're so sweet oh
my god if you double up on socks I think
it could go you know alright guys time
to get into the second bucket first
packing was amazing so yeah yeah they
were they were silicate together
it says this is a different person woman
look for which judge good this is from
Solon house anyways let's go to the
second packet guys if it is a deaf
different sender thank you alright babe
danceOn check that out MV YouTube yo
squad that is some dope bad art man I
appreciate thank you
cutter appreciate that secondly corner
come on Connor
why'd you have to do this I'm gonna die
in bra
I want a diet please gonna stop this
Gunnar oh my god this is the most candy
I'm ever going to melt I am regardless I
appreciate it bro
I think I'm gonna and then finally wait
let's check so nice there is a frame oh
my god I hope it's all broken I hope I
can just a great loss
it seems that this is broken on the way
yes okay they drew a play by oh this is
for you Lana there you go no I got my
drinking anyways thank you so much from
back for this play button I appreciate
it and go chard but regardless I will
hang it up or put on my table I just put
the gloss away let's see how do you say
very nice okay you guys get back around
to remove it oh yeah by the way from now
on I think I'm gonna have all of our
sizes and uh yeah about section of the
channel he said clothes and I had to get
all of them altered oh yeah check the
About section for all of our sizes we're
gonna be there from now on bye
regardless thank you thank you guys your
squad he's been super mean to me right
now he just got me eight names he's like
yeah I keep copying me or like okay what
I'm talking yes Doctore yeah let me talk
guys the brook I can phone at me right
now because come on you guys this is a
route of blocking night you got like 20
seconds they get 20 seconds you get
traffic at second but name is that I'm
like I'm like hey guys thank you say
yeah thank you and I'm like but bother
ever is like such a bitch yes
complaining I'm sorry now if you wonder
why I'm seeing their quietly and not
talkies because my blog videos close
like I'm sorry here you know what this
time you take take a Pedro take the
leader professor anyways sorry I'm sorry
okay any reason let's go through the
second packet guys let's see what's in
this one this is actually not us don't
tell me just on the break break
I can't oh I don't think it's broken for
a second I thought I heard something
anyways let's open this bad boy up and
see what's inside
by the way I'm gonna use this 9th little
squad gave me four fan mail they told me
I should
with this so I'm gonna do that good
julinho yeah and it's not that strong
you know like my knifes are normally
very sharp but this one is very decent
that was cutting your dick
yeah check with one of my head
why'd you want to look at your head like
you just you were scratching your head
with it buddy try it try it
I already got roasted for this here you
go there you go easy I was scratching in
there so they're just full coming out
okay so oh all right I got a snapback
guys bang
check that out that looks cool oh my god
a money fell out of the hashes is that a
Canada slang I'm not sure it's like a
Canadian right
that's what look at that gorgeous Hey
chain gang that's what's up that's
what's up thank you so much Toronto some
more gifts for you she gets some
earrings
why oh wow funny suit I love these
earrings like these are my things like
my style I totally love this look this
is for you I'm serious oh my gosh you
guys are so kind like it's so sweet
honestly what you guys do for me make me
happy every single day that's what's up
that's what's up
and yours guys I'm gonna wrap up the
belt I'm here thank you to my bro
somebody breaking us up with some swag
that's what's up yo I really love this
hat so I think I might be wearing in
like most my lawful so this looks dope
hey I really like this right now I got
my foot is on the
Oh YouTube use good MV in that house
yeah I can put my me like a wall I'm
gonna always have that yeah finally also
I can't believe it guys like the shoes
that my sister got 400 pounds thank you
so thats like $600 2000 in rooms they
are expensive I just found that I never
do about this no sending a dissolute
over girls like what is this but that is
bad so much laughter the person who said
that appreciate it and finally I love
the chocolate guys I'm seriously love to
like you're like rubbing it in my face
you're like no you want your butch it
and it is much love to want to be I
appreciate it and yeah that is the belt
I'm a flower up of today's Lord I want
to say Ramadan cream to every single one
a few Ramadan officially starts two more
for me even though this videos probably
out by the time is started but yeah I
hope you guys have an amazing month and
before I wrap up I want to show you by
cable right now because it looks like an
explosion just went off on it like all
the fan knows on it
and you're going to see you guys more
for another vlog I strike on stocks
money no one like you just you buy
yourself a new outfit and you like you
feel fresh like I feel pumped right now
anyways they also everybody I love you
all y'all do
goodbye
