yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so this morning I
started out by I poured out all my
camera stuff and I want to attach my
GoPro to the front of this skateboard so
okay that I did at fart guys that was
that was this I promise you you know
what the most awkward thing is when
something makes a noise and then it
doesn't really make the same noise again
like I swear there you go that's the
noise that you guys heard okay just to
make it clear here it goes nothing I've
actually never used on a teaser for it
this is sticky part pretty shut up
sticky all right oh wow how does that's
so cool right yeah just got stuck on
oh boy so check it out now I actually
have something to record me while I was
skating up Oh while I go skateboarding
guys because you know something when
we're going running everyone wants to
jump onto the skate work is so much
easier so I finally figured it out there
is my little girl pearl my skateboard
I've added these attachments because
without them it doesn't let me bend my
GoPro upwards to see me so that is what
it looks like now I'm gonna try and
tighten it up and my sister actually
finally found that flashlight what if
you gave me this like a foam flashlight
anyways the whole family is now ready we
can go outside to run intensity's whoa
look you go look at this oh I can see it
on the camera properly as well like
hello hello what the hell is going on
people call me and hang up guys
something else I had no idea this
skateboard has it has a torch here let's
see if we turn it on okay it's not
turning on okay that's the only thing
how do you turn on but where is the
button to turn it on cuz it's definitely
not this cuz this just turns on this
torch you see that yeah I don't want to
sound enough to use it though
world's worst skateboard man doesn't
even have any instructions
look at this guys even the back is a
little torch oh it's gonna break light
oh where is it yo check out that button
guys that is really cool this is a
dancer it's like a brake light that is
crazy it's not even like a normal white
light the front has a white light I
check that out and the back has a brake
light it's a good car what
oh you guys so man mommy more about to
go running let's go come on all right
I hope we can continue at this pace
because it's quite hard guys like we're
not really consistent without running
but if we can w amazing come on guys
let's come up with your family running
guys Oh
oh oh we're just waiting for my brother
to catch up look at this guy I don't
understand how this is exercising whoa
man you're supposed to run this is
cheating
I'll take over like recording my shoes
that's what I know it won't ring let's
go on it come on mommy come on let's go
that's what I said don't wait for him
he's gonna catch up look at this guy
mommy this is going off right now
stripping me of my skateboard
excuses she doesn't even have to use
that skateboard okay so mommy more
parently found a baby bird so I'm gonna
quickly run back to see it so I hope it
stays I'm not sure if it can fly oh no
she just told me there's a really cool
baby bird on the phone so let's run back
and see if it's still there by the time
I get there okay boy so I quickly ran
over Oh
check it out guys she's completely lost
come on come here baby
she's so small she can't fly guys that
thing is tiny but that is absolutely
adorable guys look at oh saying I don't
know how hard what you do in this
scenario I think it must have fallen
from the top and now it's at the ball oh
my god guys I have no idea what to do
and if you look at Lana she's coming on
the skateboard
he caught a fly I think he lives up this
tree does he not to go up no he knows
how to go up oh my god guys I his
magnificent look he's going up the tree
I'm pretty sure this guy's a genius oh
my god guys that is the craziest thing
I've ever seen he's actually walking up
the whole tree you smart you a genius
man I don't know that's just beyond me
now that is so crazy we just witnessed
one of the craziest things ever like the
guy's halfway up the tree look at him
he's like walking up there do you see
that yo I have never seen that in my
entire life guys let me know if you have
but that was crazy
a baby bird just walked up an entire
tree the thing couldn't even fly look at
where he is right now
mommy Mose goes you two have got your
hands up
now he's back that was a crazy start to
our day boys
is he hurt or he's a baby he's a baby
that's it he's just tiny because I want
to do a little bit of a workout I'm
gonna stop vlogging now and I'll catch
you guys at home probably after I took a
shower so I can look nice and fresh so
see you then guys whoa I can't boys I am
finally ready something hilarious just
happened so when I'm at home I like
sitting without my shirt on okay I'm
just topless and right now I was in the
kitchen without my top so the Earth's
core people came by I guess they looked
into the kitchen and got traumatized
because they ran away but they came back
like two minutes after laughing cuz it
was like a shock like Oh what is no way
station and they ran so I thought I'd do
is pull up the CCTV bridge because I
asked them they wanted to be on the blog
and they're like yeah sure but it is so
let me show you how it went down they
saw more without shirt are you ready to
see the scene that traumatized about
four kids for life okay here they are
guys look at that and then they ran ran
for their lives and that is now what you
could scarred for life boys but don't
worry guys it wasn't that bad because
they did return like three minutes later
to say hi to me I think it was just
instant shock and the only thing they
thought was running away okay there you
go boys he's back with a friendly smile
and so is the Scott hello mister they're
waiting for like a minute
Toby is kind of vicious guys look at
this they tried to touch him and yeah it
didn't go so well
and then at this point guys I go and say
hi to them yo what up mo belongs in the
building
eh there you go
and then everybody went home happily
ever after guys hi boys so finally
everybody is ready time to head out and
today is probably going to be worse than
yesterday in terms of traffic but we
have no idea so yeah that's just we can
make it into the mall today because
yesterday we completely failed she's
coming in our Lambo just in case because
it is packed in the streets so we need
like organization I just think in case I
might get bored yeah and I want to go
around shopping so let's go
here you guys go
okay guys check it out it's blocked off
again today damn it's so busy I have no
idea what to do though Oscar please yeah
I'm sure we can do so he finally made it
into the parking but look at the amount
of cars damn son it is a busy day so we
did manage to find parking guys but it's
right at the end line look how many
empty slots there are there's a reason
they are empty because you have to look
like two or three minutes to get to the
entrance but it's right I'll see you
guys once you make inside first things
first I came to get my hair cut so in a
couple of seconds I should be out with
fresh air so see that okay guys so I
just finished up with my haircut and you
guys could probably notice something
different my hairdresser actually did my
eyebrows it was like should I do them
and I let him do them so let me know
what you guys think it looks so weird
like I've never had eyebrows yo oh yeah
I don't think I'm gonna do them ever
again like I love the experiment he was
like should I do I was like will it be
nice and now I just look so different
I look oh my god I feel like I made a
bad decision to let him do it anyways
you know Harry came out pretty nice
don't worry the eyebrows will grow back
let's go see what mummy mulana think
they're gonna be like what the yo don't
get a lot I don't know why I look like a
girl like I did you just look like a
girl right now
like my eyebrows you did your eyebrows
the guy didn't actually know you did a
good job it was like gonna do I was like
why not
what sounded like a girl right now it's
good
looking better than that yeah okay let
me know the concession guys do you want
these or should I just let them dry
again it looks so different all artists
are just English like diamond store
buying stuff yeah you know the budget I
gave you I don't think this stuff is in
my budget
oh okay hi guys so Lana finally picks
her aide present types thing it is like
a little angel diamond thingamajig it's
my favorite design like I've always
loved angel
there we go and that is her present you
she's small but precious that's how it
counts yeah amazing my mo is your turn
next today has been one of those boring
boring women shoppings day and not my
mom just my sister she's been going
around all the gold stores buying stuff
what are you getting this time
sir I think put that black thing in the
red one you can't take it out I
personally don't go dot every bite is
like a kilogram bar here my mom I'm a
Geass on today Burma gala they're
actually really like a smaller punch so
so heavy
anyways sister should be done Sudan
finally oh it's nice and wet on the
black belt I check it out boys Alana got
herself a diamond heart-shaped thing
nice just spend all the money spend all
the money the thing I like the most in
this store is these rings they look so
cool look how these oh oh somebody wants
to buy me a ring buying this nice shiny
blue one guys yo guys so check it out
back in the Jordan store they've got
some key today as always let me know
what should be my next cop guys I like
stuff like this you know the funky
colors but I don't know now I'm just
thinking about future ones but I'm kind
of confused guys I like the box on these
the other what can I see the box just
see it the only reason I asked for the
box of these ones is you're gonna see
they looks so crazy like the box and
these things makes you want the shoe so
that's why I really want to see you know
check it out guys that is the box I was
talking about it looks crazy just this
design alone next so cool like look at
it kind of looks like the shoe itself
you're by the way shout out to my boy
outdoor rap line
destroyed racism and yeah see you soon
feet so he just came to have some food
as always I'm ready straight from my
chicken guys this is a spicy sauce by
the way oh look at that this is going to
be so bad for my throat but it tastes so
nice so we just finished eating our food
guys and I've got a massive pocket today
so what's wrong it's called preserving
food you just you just take this guy's
and you put it into your pocket guys you
know they're free they put it on my
table for a reason guys look at this
guys just don't worry man I've got so
much space I've got so much space
and it's got zip let me get this guy's
look look that's that space look at this
guy's like it like it look at this
I will be nuts for the air there we go
zip it up I've got a good amount of
peanuts in my pocket now guys don't
worry it's food and helping the plant
mom open your bag over your bag open
your bag open your bag open your bag
guys open your package yo by the way
shout-out to my guy he actually hooked
up the peanuts and he let me take this
whole bucket home guys
shoutout to you my PA watches the vlogs
he was actually gonna hook up the
peanuts guys I like a nine another too
much for ya thank you for watching man a
young Leola what since subscribe oh
thank you thank you so much yo shout-out
to my guy he was actually seriously
gonna go ask the manager I could take
this bucket guys like you oh like no
like no seriously I'll do for you guys
hey Brock you produce or datum is you
gonna go see if I can take the whole
thing home
yeah like the manager over here save me
oh if I told him I love the peanuts over
here and it was like did you take any I
was like I gotta put like a hundred in
my pocket but yeah man let's head up oh
it's so awesome when you see people that
know about your channel I just talk with
you but yeah that's a now oh my listen
to this echo echo I just realized
something I was kind of dumped there for
all of the peanuts in my pocket because
now I need to get them out guys
y'all look at this oh my god we need to
put them in a plastic bag at least I get
free peanuts there you go look at that
Oh
so quick stop at the petrol station if
you check it out my sister's waiting
right over there it looks so cool when
you have a petrol pump in the
Lamborghini oh look at that
now that we're home I want you guys to
tell me honestly from one to ten how
much do I look like a pineapple just
just be straightforward with me be
straight for a pineapple picture right
here so you can completely okay anyways
Oh judge aside I thought show you the
little stuff my sister got her necklace
she actually gave into fixer sighs soul
con show you that I can show you the
heart-shaped on look at it done check it
out guys oh it looks so shiny when you
put the light on it wow that looks epic
and here's guys I'm gonna wrap up
today's look y'all you have enjoyed hit
the thumbs up button if you have to stay
awesome hopefully you guys are having an
amazing time with your family during
this eighth period again see you guys
some more afraid of look yellow yellow
good bye
