yo yo everyone good morning how are you
all doing so I just woke up super tired
and I had a crazy dream yesterday like
we went and bought a Ferrari for cash
and came back with like a brand new
Bentley it was just it was just amazing
and here is old jokes aside how are you
guys all doing as you guys can see this
morning in the drive the Bentley still
here I went and got the key and I
thought today I'd show you the car in
the morning and maybe even take it out
for a small little Drive so let's do
that okay first things first I need to
figure out how to bring the roof down
that so I really want to do because I
don't think we've ever done on the vlog
and I want to see how it goes down so
let's get this bad boy unlocked and
let's go whoa Larry I think kind of
locked it so let's quickly hop into the
driver seat and figure this car out boys
Oh every time I see this interior I just
get excited so here we are
Bentley fresh in the morning how do we
start this I think it's this
okay there we go now we have it working
boys so sing in this car in the morning
is like a completely different feeling
like just look at the color the
stitching the quality of this car is
amazing and then we have the steering
wheel which just looks even better but
I'm pretty sure I just figured out how
to take the roof off so if you guys look
over here I think if I press this button
the roof will go down so let's try and
give it a shot boys here goes nothing
let's see if we can bring the roof down
something is happening something is
definitely happening high roof is
falling away oh my okay we have a
convertible Bentley now there you go pal
and see how it looks like all right so
check this beast out boys
whoa oh it looks so cool without the
club I said this car without the top
looks so much meaner don't you guys
think okay let's hop back in and put the
roof back up no it's a monster
I mean I've seen the video of the baby
like crying because it doesn't monster
oh my god Sophia oh my god oh my god by
the way I love the fact that the key
matches the logo on the car look at that
that is so so amazing okay so my mom was
kind enough to record me guys because I
wanted you guys to see the roof opening
in the outside but you have to be inside
holding it or else it won't come down so
let's go and yeah you guys can see how
opens and I can't see it
okay roof is coming down right now Oh
that is good easy
Oh
alright boys as you guys saw there that
is how the roof comes down I'm gonna
take you guys come come with you guys
I'm gonna take you for a little karaoke
wrong with the car so yeah let's go play
some more hot tracks I think this car
actually suits me really well guys don't
you think and something that all of
these luxury cars have in common that I
love is they all have like a clock in
the middle I don't know it's a small
feature but I really like it so you push
the B down guys pull it back and put the
car and drive and now we are ready to
leave ok so this is my first drive in
the Bentley guys it is super smooth whoa
the weather is actually really good for
a convertible car today so that's why
I'm taking it around I have no idea what
I'm doing I have nothing to do outside
but I just wanted to go for a small like
3-4 minute drive with this thing just to
test it out it's not every day that you
get to drive a Bentley convertible guys
so this is actually pretty cool I feel
so good like people can see me in a
convertible whoo let's go
maybe it's a little bit too hot to have
the roof down at the moment but you know
there's some stuff you just have to
sacrifice to drive these shores
and there's definitely one or you
realize straight off the bat with this
car is it has got a lot of power and I
know I've said this but it actually does
this is not even in sports mode and you
can kind of hear it Rumble by the way I
want to say Eid Mubarak to everybody I
hope you will had an amazing day and
yeah it is two more for us I'm not
leaving amazing me right now and I'm
sure tomorrow is going to be amazing too
so yeah just spend it with your family
have fun be happy be positive and drive
a Bentley if you can get off we're going
to stop into sports mode I want to see
if we can hear a difference ears open
again guys
it has a crackle it has a crackle - I
never knew that
let's go sounds really good listen to
this
oh I met one of you guys while I was
driving the Bentley is it just me is it
just me is this so so good I shouldn't
have free okay so the weather actually
looks really dark now so I'm gonna go
inside get ready or my mum and sister
and then we can all head out today
anyways I hope you enjoyed that little
video for now let's go inside and yeah
we'll be back out with the family soon
okay boy so since it is 8:00 tomorrow
everybody is ready and we're gonna do
some a shopping however first my sister
needs to go return the bad news so
that's what she's gonna do no no the
veggies go the belly's going and the
Lambo is going back get fair trade fair
trade we traded cars for a day badly for
landfill but she is all dressed up as
you can see looking fresh by the way are
you wearing that you bracelet we go on
the flight this looks amazing fortune
100 the clock on the energy you guys
remember what everything the much of the
birthday is one of the watch and clock
up on the water water in the coconut on
there but now we bought this on our way
to Zanzibar and start wearing it now
anyways boys everybody's ready let's
head out and have an amazing day oh oh
my camera just steamed are in a steam
room right now I call it see anything I
cannot see any
a nice quiet startup that's what it
looks like for both these bad boys to be
on at the same time they look so mean
with their lights on whoo Lana's got the
roof down she's about to head out with
the car I don't know just connected I
don't remember
goodbye to the Bentley for today tada
peace out convertible Bentley has just
left the Moloch's household since it is
eat tomorrow
it is super busy everywhere we just
searched like 10 minutes for parking and
we're not even at the more like at a
small center so we're quickly stopping
right here because I'm I want to see if
they have gold like you know just like
present node and then we're gonna head
out okay so the first stop we did today
is at this like diamond selling place
golden diamond and he brought some stuff
over here like the price of these is
like the price of my life guys I check
it out that's crazy I just came to get
my haircut done boys but apparently the
place is closed so we can't do that
however our friends are coming to me up
with us my mom's friend and my friend so
yeah we're just going to be spending
some time with them and said I really
wanted a haircut because my sides have
been growing like crazy but I didn't
know that they were closed right now
like all the stores are open I don't
know why the heck salon is closed so you
guys used to watch my vlogs I actually
used to always come into this valley to
spot cars and I thought I do the same
today so we have a nice bright orange
Aventador but we also have the brand new
McLaren I actually love this McLaren
like I don't know it just looks so
different you know it's the mclaren 570s
this is a brand new shape and yeah these
cars just look really really good with
each other honestly I thought that you
more cars in the valley over what up my
boys step just made it over here what up
what up and yet let's go and do
something which probably involves eating
so over here ok so you guys know how
much I love electric things we found an
electric scooter we kind of just robbing
it from the store so check it out and
I'm gonna test it out on set is gonna
vlog me here you go ok I say that this
is Moe's double stunt
Oh awesome skills red fist yeah this
thing's aging pretty cool guys
it's cheaper than my skateboard which I
bought I kind of regret buying it now
but check ok first you have to go and
then it lets you push the gas hey hey I
know
yo he's not even using the electricity
of me he's doing a manual if you get an
electric little screw you have to use
the electricity not not doing I don't
like this but it's a bad habit right I
didn't oh oh like should I tell them to
move did I miss bashed into the glass
behind you don't worry this time I'm
gonna move
pretty good baking how to turn this one
on show them this one that's the first
saying guys we actually wanted to use
these which I showed you the other day
these like weird skate looking things
but I don't think it has any battery or
they just can't be bothered to show us
it's either one of them
I just think they don't want to show in
what situation would this come in useful
like robbing a mall maybe can be open
you think oh we are geniuses here now
that's a sea heck anyway so we finally
got this thing working check it out sefa
is on it the keys were inside the
storage spot and he's just going around
this place and these are the keys guys
so you should off like that and then
there's a point in anything up here the
green bar and if you click this if it's
hide then it goes faster okay so we've
come into the gaming section we're going
to try out some new games I've never
tried before
so first up I'll try this one I don't
even know what this is but let's just
swipe and play okay Yolo it like it you
have to scoop them Oh
oh it's over when you hit that it's over
when you hit that
Oh whoo maybe a triple usually tickets
man hey so far 20 tickets we're gonna
try this one day you have to kind of
push down there so I see I got one
come on John come on baby we go in oh
that's good
that is a good amount
go verified that's like two or three
meters
that's a good start I came way so far
100 tickets pretty good start
as you can see several make them all
it's a little big
well yeah we're going to try Deal or No
Deal this game always gives you the most
tickets so let's see how it goes
look at that boys look at that any money
imagine guys I want you to follow the
cases ok this is the back and make sure
you pull ins because I guarantee you
it's impossible I'm pretty sure it's
going to land do you get it it's going
to be a slider all right number six
number six okay boys were you idiot I'm
really nice separate ought the big
numbers were good no no SEPA you're
ruining this they lost it all boys
there's three numbers and way no no sup
I don't do this to me
yosef I just completely ruined our game
guys
I'm sorry seven tickets are getting
palace or supper what do you want eight
or three what's the best one we got Hill
whoa we won five guys's Oh
oh my god after pick between two or 2:15
No Deal okay go on is it a mess you up
give me these damn two tickets man I
hate you okay me and set we're passing
by the stores and what type of weird
thing is this group of people following
each other which were there standing
tell me that separates replicating now
yeah you've been you've been oh my god
guys separate moving to an electronic
store which has the most expensive
PlayStation 4 in the world I'm gonna
start with the cheapest which is 30,000
which is like $8,000 so this is the
cheapest guys this is 30,000 yeah these
two are 30,000 guys
this one is 35 but are you ready to see
the big box you guys have a couple steps
if you have a couple stacks of cash this
is what I can do with it this is the
most expensive I'm about to show you
kids for nah man they're gonna 1,000 is
not good this is 88888 for this thing
that is more expensive than a lot of
Rolexes guys well that's so that's like
two years worth of someone's red
that's two years worth the rent separate
scratching his head he's like kid Bill
Gates son anyway separate I want this
for ade will you buy for me yeah good
luck with that thank you guys somebody
here was kind enough they're gonna go
get the key so he can hold this in our
hand 88,000 88888
over 20,000 bucks a station that is
definitely the most expensive in the
world
hey this one is heavy yeah but that was
like much more go sleep okay boy so we
just left that amazing ps4s
the solid gold one was like fully closed
there was no way you could even get it
out but check these out they've even got
like the most expensive phone cases in
the world
either I'm very broke or these are very
expensive in a pretty short is a very
excited either way we'll all of these
are really sensitive highways you know
us because my budget cannot fit any of
these we're going to leave the store
immediately but they're cool things if
you had the money I'd buy that solid
gold PlayStation that would be so dope
you know just the most about so we just
finished up with our friends at the
mobile look at this beast behind my mom
it's like a map like x6 with a body kit
this thing is crazy mommy I want this
nine this is a car that I definitely
want okay so since I didn't end up
buying anything outside today I thought
why not let me open one of your fan mail
today this could be my eighth present
hopefully this is for me if it's not I'm
sorry
so yeah that's that that's still very
casual unboxing okay
this present is for mold blogs family to
thank you for your job from Italy with
love so this present has come all the
way from Italy and I'm confused because
look at what it is somebody sent me it's
one of these like you know the stretchy
hose pipes look at it okay so check it
out guys into one of these hosts pipes
which are stretchy and thank you thank
you it's from Omar I appreciate it I
think this is actually the rink ones
that like I don't know what it
exactly I'm gonna test this out two more
but I've seen like videos where these
are like I don't they expand once the
war goes in they do something I know
these do something so I appreciate the
gift that the kind of stretchy is by the
way our boys on that note I'm gonna wrap
up today's lucky I hope you guys have
enjoyed as always stay awesome everybody
I love you don't forget you're all
amazing ain't right everybody hope you
had an amazing day as well I guess they
Olson Yahoo Yolo
good bye
