three two one action yo yo welcome
everyone to another vlog don't worry
this is not a big I don't know so today
we're about to put this clock we got in
the mail time onto my wall here with my
brothers hell hey so let's get started
so as I said yesterday we need to find
spots to put these clocks on something
really cool about this clock I'm just
gonna say look at the way it ticks it's
got a very smooth action kind of like a
Rolex or like a I like that actually cuz
sometimes the tick tick noises can be
annoying yeah I have like a clock a fire
so it makes gotta noise so dings but
this is actually very smooth it's like a
roadie this is a Rolex pretty much this
is a version of parole X Y doing my
brother made me wear this yeah I don't I
think it looks cool guys it just looks
so awesome by the way our friends not
getting that back I don't know why we
started who we still need you're not
hearing him there and that is where the
clock is going to be oh well that's
great you dropped it behind your bed is
out of this man there's no see what
happens guys every time we do it the
wall starts breaking the wall is
breaking guys attempt number three guys
I need to just hit it one two three oh
great job another one down the desk tada
there we go boys so that is my sister's
new clock they're pretty cool start to
add a so the reason we actually need to
get those nails out from under the bed
is because bubbles and key play a lot
under there
and if they end up swallowing it that's
a whole nother dilemma so let's do this
how did
usual take it yeah you got it
all right all right Cass we saved the
cats are swallowing a nail welcome back
guys right now me and Mo are gonna do a
challenge for you what's it called let's
do this we're gonna do the kick up
challenge yeah we're gonna do the kick
up challenge guys um I used to do this
before I'm not sure from this good it is
like now as I'm well I don't know I'm
always doing this whenever the camera
comes around somewhere so I thought we'd
do a little challenge today and the
challenge is gonna be the kick up
chatting so if you guys didn't know my
sister was actually one of the only
girls I know they used to enjoy kick up
a lot I stood in the garden and I just
thank you boom but but to be honest she
did in the ups all the time the eyes
like it was some fake kid gloves that's
all I'm saying
so I thought why not now that were older
let's see if she still got the talent
cuz she used to beat me like when I was
young I couldn't do kick ups to save my
life
oh yeah we can do anything we're
actually going to use the mold blogs
ball that one of you guys sent us so
let's get this popped up and yeah we do
look at this is still in the packaging
boys whoa Oh bump it up bump it
da-da-da-da-da bar bit you are bad at
this you suck my turn my turn
let me do it I can do it I can do it oh
darn it hi there you god this is working
now that seems good whoa before we start
this kick up challenge we're trying to
get bubbles inside see my mom's like
telling him to come over here cold buddy
look at him that is what you call the
trained cat guys he always listens hey
buddy
all right guys so before we start we're
going to do some warmups
let's do this guys this is just warm up
rounds and then we're gonna have our
little 1v1 yo you better do more than
two if you want to be me oh my god me
and my sister are actually going to do
some kick ups with each other we're
gonna break one of the furniture oh oh
to Christmas break cuz at that moment I
thought I burned the TV and the
strongman
okay you know what guys I think we are
done with our practice round let's get
straight into the real thing the
practice didn't go as planned
yep one two is that it is is that okay
you know what she gets unlimited Ruiz
yeah one and one
yeah that's that's the counting all
right guys so it's my brother's turn to
the kick ups
so let's go
oh that was good
how many moves I didn't count Oh was I
supposed to count
I guessing like 15 ish from the other
dog
no you tried a rounds you boys on to
play - oh I wrote 13 14 19 22 24 25 - 26
yo island job is a cover it's okay I
guess okay so out of my couple of rounds
I think 26 is the best I just so tired I
can't do anything guys okay go for it
whoo
ah the principal is never give up okay
never give up guys Lana's going to do a
hundred today at one point only 98 more
to go home oh don't break furniture
please don't break oh my god what angry
boys we're gonna cool that a wrap for
our little kick up challenge
we did our but I think I won we never
counted what mine was so let us know in
the comment section if I did actually
pass three I'm pretty sure I did it I
was going on for a while but yeah there
you go you guys didn't know we could do
kick ups we can not that good anymore
but we need to practice definitely
anyways thumbs up if you want me to do
more football stuff like maybe even like
a crossbar challenge Austin I don't know
if you guys like this little stuff hit
the thumbs up button if you don't
comment down below say yo you guys are
wack stop this rubbish
anyways continue the rest of the vlog I
need to go take a shower and you catch
you guys then Teemo let's do this we're
trying to be like a nice little picture
guys but you need to catch the border I
as soon as three two one
my armor it so bad my sister quickly
needs to go pick up her clothes from oh
oh that was Brian she needs to pick up
her clothes from the tailor that's I
always forget that word so I'm gonna tag
along just to get a ride
Lego boys Oh Toby's behind the door for
told me sorry Toby dogs
hey buddy what's up mommy's gonna come
feed you anyways we're heading out boys
and oh look it's been like 99% humidity
today and look you can tell by my camera
guys it just bugs up it fogs up
instantly to say it's been hot for the
past few days is an understatement guys
it's been boiling and that's why I
haven't left the house
so we just made it over to the tailor's
guys but look over here to my favorite
car so that's my sister's car now we
have a really cool pimped out Mustang
next to it which is also the color guys
what is she doing what is she doing is
she getting her clothes back all right
boys we're heading out thank you silly
whoo I like the song
oh please open the door I swear humidity
is so high that I could die right now
okay so I've watched a lot of videos on
YouTube and people do this challenge
like a flip the ball challenge so you
have to try and flip this and make sure
it lands upright so I thought why not
give it a go against my mum so first one
to land it like this wins okay I buzz is
trying to fight my mom right now what
the hell is he doing what is he doing
this guy is what he's vicious oh my god
he's fighting the he's fighting the
flip-flop what oh my god that is a crazy
cat oh oh oh you haven't seen a cat war
eat our dinner oh you like me when
they're deluding oh oh my god disconnect
with me i sir I'm dead and here is
enough with that crazy guy let's attempt
this little flip the ball challenge okay
the rule is mummy you're gonna try flick
this and make it land okay we're gonna
try and make a land mommy
you're kinda I cannot think about myself
smoothly
I can smooth that try under here here
here here okay yo the gate window open
on my sister's car miramanee more over
here guys and my sister the gate won't
open on there that is so funny cuz you
finally made it to us it wouldn't open
it
what yeah I think you just didn't
recognize your car
all right peace high voice I just made
it over to the Lamborghini showroom got
my man Baxter showing me around and this
place looks fantastic I was here when it
first opened up but first exactly but
everything wasn't built up but now it
just looks phenomenal guys like you got
all the cars over here you got the
Hurricanes mainly but damn son I want to
take them over to that the spider guys
all of these have apparently been sold
out real quick so yeah I think this is
like one of the last ones they have in
the showroom it's good to see it for now
boys we're gonna make you upstairs these
lifts can actually take cars right yeah
because we transfer more does come
first or second for worship and then
Wow hi boys so here is the lift check
this out
you can just tell by how it's built that
this is meant for a car guys no imagine
that's the last time you see I have no
hi boy so we just made upstairs and
check out that beast that is actually a
Lamborghini SV or Aventador SV I
couldn't really tell because of the
color and I just wanted to tell you guys
something about SC so you have two
options you can either have the SV
sticker which is big over here or the
second one is this small sticker which I
think less people have mainly it's like
the big sticker but it just looks
gorgeous in this color I love great cars
and the fact that it's like grey and
black just it just looks fantastic and
then we have the hurricane over here but
three very good cars up here and I love
the view okay guys are you ready to see
the car I actually drove to see today I
saw this and I flipped out and I had to
come see in real life the Lamborghini
Reventon there's 20 of these in the
whole wide world and there's one right
in front of mirror when this car came
out me and my sister watched a video on
YouTube where they're revealing this car
and it was just insane like we were
getting excited from our computer screen
so it's crazy to see this car in real
life it just looks so mean even look at
the rims on this thing they're like
carbon fiber it's just a beast guys and
yeah we're standing right next to it so
I'm gonna leave this beauty right here
it's awesome that we just got to see it
and you have peace a Lamborghini
Reventon I hope you do well anyways boys
heading out of this amazing show I'm so
excited I got to see the Reverend Tana
Wow you guys do not realize like I saw
that on Instagram and snapchat and I
just ran over
that car is not something you see every
day Gorge is just an absolutely gorgeous
car okay so we quickly stopped by at the
mall to eat some food by the way guys we
see down there the Jordan store doesn't
have that narrow it up hey guys the
Jordan store doesn't have much of a line
anymore like it's got a small line but
it's been the first few days because
it's absolutely packed look so I do oh
my gosh she doesn't normally do this
guys like she's so annoying you can see
bubbles over there and there's kitty
oh look whenever she's happy she she
moves her tail like that you see so cute
and fluffy anyways as always I'm gonna
wrap up today's vlog here guys as a lot
of showing you Kitty is sleeping on my
legs what up what up no girl no hand yet
bubbles is over there sleeping so it's
night night for both of these guys and
night night for me too my eyes are red
I'm tired so I'll catch you guys some
more for another epic look today's been
eventful we saw really cool cars in that
shirt I haven't actually been to the
show for a while we used to go give our
car for service like every single day
what's up this guy you fired on you
thank you Paul says that tendency geyser
yeah I can't you guys more free another
awesome look stay awesome Yolo Yolo
bumbles stop firing with us okay and
yeah peace out it's not like I I think
it's time to go guys
barn
