yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
starting out today with my board again
I've been enjoying this thing a lot but
I've actually got something really cool
planned today let's go up here first but
yeah I'm actually going to like a really
really VIP opening they're having for
the Jordan store today you know the one
that I showed you guys a couple weeks
back on the vlog I think they're having
like the initial opening today and yeah
I'm gonna be going there with my boy
Raschid and Moe I just watched something
extremely random why is there a tiara
under my car what that is so Brandon who
did like a princess come by and like
drop it on our way out like damn son
okay I think yeah she might be our
friends doors to Yara but regardless it
looks really cool and let me see if he
actually fits me hey there we go that's
what's up boys that's what's up Moe's
got his new tiara I think for good luck
I should put it right there guys right
there okay that looks good right I'm
just about to head out and you know what
I was about to do like it's a Jordan
store opening and I was accidentally
about to wear my adidas I don't think it
should be a problem but I was okay just
to be safe I put on a pair of Jays and
yeah let's go imagine I went there and
they started looking at my shoes like
you really you really had the audacity
to wear those hi boy so we just made it
over to the door
the first ones to go inside and even get
to buy some shoes on my boy watch it
what's up buddy kicks we're gonna go
like pull out right now so that's headed
I see what they have let's go
hi guys so we just made it into the
store and you can see it's busy they
feel like some of the most limited
sneakers I want to show you so let's get
straight into this first up we got the
pinnacles if you guys know this this is
24 karat gold plated they are like sold
out everywhere and all of these are
sitting here right now so I have to cut
one these are the Don C's luxury shoes
oh my god boys this is just fantastic I
can have one of these at my hand
and finally Oh oh my god I just don't
wanna speak anymore but we got loads
more over there lined up and they're so
so exclusive like all the shoes are just
limited so I'm gonna do a little bit of
searching I think I might get the dog
sees they're pretty expensive but I
think we should do it guys oh boy so
check it out my boy wash it coughing
some shoes
you got the white pinnacles
hey all right check it out boys on my
boy watching tonight she's getting there
he's caught like four shoes already
today I think he is balling out here
it's coming to her and then we different
four guards did it fit oh oh I should
pick out the dog sees guys they're just
bringing my size but check it they look
like all the shoes I'm kind of stuck in
this corner right now you can see like
everybody's trying to cop shoes because
they're not going to get this chance
like normally like imagine all these
shoes I'd be like sold out everywhere
but just because it's an opening right
now you can get them so I've just got my
size coming right now so yeah let's call
that I tried on the dawn sees they are
reserved in the corner bleep now I'm
trying like the Gordon eight
championship back or something so let's
se down my boy just told me that these
champagnes look really really good so I
got one of these coming in and one of
the black ones just because I think I
want to get them as a pair right now so
the white and the black so check it out
I think both of them looks super clean
and just mean so yeah let's cut us some
of these championship backs as oh oh I
like I really like the white ones guys
they just might fire three one three a
legacy but bring this one brand for so
far it's actually crazy
I put behind that don't seize I put the
championship back both of them the
pinnacles and some Jordan is 72 times
like these ones is a box my man's
hooking up what's up what's up after the
vlog Jordan yes I'm getting these and
like four more guys I don't know if I
should get all of them should be I'm
doing a lot so far so let's see all
right what'd you get buddy I'll do my
size coming in I think I'm gonna get you
don't I mean I got them so you better
put most of the Rattlers me yeah I had
to do it first what I'm getting is this
one so let's look around a bit more they
so much Norquist later spend this much
today but
just row you only get one chance to get
all these so it's good you're getting
them make some joins I'm a boo-boo said
we only have one choice us today I'm
getting the white pinnacle dude go boys
these are just these are just crazy
don't play yourself
look look like a teenage major major
major key totals nine thousand one
hundred and what else we guys they let
me get one more to the last ones I'm
getting today mark Naiman
see check it out super limited super
expensive but don't blame yourself you
just have to get them because your
finger so I'm gonna try them all off and
then go buy them and I can suck them or
more instep pots will happen when you
shop with money cakes rose excuse money
don't you thought we were done with just
sneakers I actually just want to get her
name Sharon for like both blogs across
it I said like guys I don't know if you
spend this much money but today fee
they're just all limited in like they
have like that you keep a lot of their
value to them so Saul you're just
spending and never getting your back by
a lot of them I just want to stop by the
way check out like the change in its got
like MJ all around it whoa I gotta get
this quickly put my blogs across it and
we shouldn't be done today sneaker
shopping whole blogs Lego okay so we
just came to check out boys
yo this is what you call balling status
guys just check it out ah shit
rush it all of these are are shit damn
son how is that your tripled up on the
dogs yeah tripled up on the dogs oh my
god you bought the storm row I wash it
is rolling out with his kicks guys he
needs like four people helping him out
like it's just ridiculous it's
ridiculous at this point oh my god even
mo had to carry some whoo-whoo and shout
out to my boy just recognize you when I
came outside shout to do anyone else on
my family my momma I love your I'm
living it he's the best and thank you
for appreciating yo Shanna team is over
yeah you want to be in it I also man
peace out y'all he goes they run based
shout out to my boy Abdullah I can love
you when I came out the store and he
gave me this gift so once I go home and
I opened that up yo what up man I was in
a circle o blog being so much to all no
thank you
he's kindly helping me with the bags to
my car if you can whoa all right boys we
got a lot my man helped me out so much
today and what is it a cure to help this
guy No thank you so much right we're
gonna quit you put this in my car guys
and then I'm gonna bring my shirt back
out to customize so should be good
father you know if all them shoes will
fit in my car okay so check it out I've
actually come to get this customized
right now and look who I found over here
hey money kick signing I can sign the
wall all right let's do this better
okay suddenly help me if they're signing
the G
all right thank you so much you know I
give this tea I give this I don't I
thank you so much that's right yeah okay
so we're having like this three-point
battle right now everybody's got their
pools and shooting oh yeah I'm giving
attempt to solve voice do that 360 duck
like you did yesterday
ah dunk it bro dunk it there it is there
it is
Russian helped you on that one I want to
put my shoes in the car but do you want
to see rocket shoes guys when it opens
that he broke a record today like
everybody was looking at him like what
the hell and you can tell why now whoa
whoa this is what sneaker shopping looks
like a money kick so let me just break
it down to you guys he does done he's
three nine thousand dirhams alone
limited extremely limited here we go
here Oh anyways guys we're gonna leave
Rockets car we just came to show you
like the ridiculous amount of stuff we
can show you by the way me Abraham the
man what's up what's up yo yo scarda and
yeah look at the bags in there crazy
crazy stuff man - is like shopping with
money chicks right there shopping with a
billionaire so after a long day of
shopping you know what we need boys who
came to eat some food
I mean that's the only way you can end
off your day we got your boy mo over
there healthy sparkling more you know
rinse out the system there we go raw
shit that went on the desert side you
know and then somehow I don't know how I
went help you boys ready chocolate bar
but I went healthy damn son I'm gonna
eat up and yeah then I think I'm gonna
head off on the go and see my mom which
is probably very unhappy at this mode
what you bought five six pairs of shoes
by 100 go to don't rely and I'm back I'm
sorry mom
I just got to the car and look at this
note which I found guys put this note on
the vlog PS are you stalking us because
you always Park near us the hell this is
my parking area I always park around
here but yet Siri super cool the same
guys I guess must have found my car
again which is super dope so shout-out
to you guys again anyways let me go home
and show you I purchased today I wanted
a mad purchasing spree I went on the mad
purchasing spree which is unlike me but
with all of them limited releases like I
had to lie I swear everybody was going
crazy alright give me this give me that
give me the dawn season I didn't want
the size to run out so I just grabbed
everything in my size I got my beat up
be bad yeah I sure wanna Sonny was like
you know why it's VI because very
important person and I was like really
it's like yeah cuz in Arabic we don't
have the letter P we only have B so they
normally use B and I was like no I can't
be but then they're like no just kidding
it means very important baller lately
I've been meeting so many of you guys by
the way so they're really oh that is
such a nice McLaren that just left I'm
not sure if you guys spotted that oh my
okay this is a chase boys it's a chase
for the McLaren we're coming for you
baby we're coming for you look at that
boys look at that there is
Oh Oh
that's a lot of boxes more out there all
right like are you the same mode that
lives in this household because you
don't already do this on so you got a
lot of sneakers today okay guys this is
not like this is not a typical mole
behavior I've not been shopping for a
while now and my brother used to
complain about my shopping habits look
at what he's doing mommy how I ever gone
out and bought that many pairs of shoes
ever in my life
no really mommy I've never done it guys
this is this is - oh my god you're
kidding me what are you serious never in
my life have I bought more than let's
say maximum two pairs of shoes with
seriously Mahmoud this is like what is
going on that's right yeah are these all
for yourself or did you decide to gift
us something here oh my thought go
through all of my shoes properly cuz it
was really loud inside there and yeah
I'm gonna make this really short so
let's get through every single shoe I
bought today so first up we got these
check it out check it out awesome just
playing black and white and they're
really really comfortable so yeah that's
what your boy cost so this is the second
one as you can tell very similar design
to the ones I just showed you guys black
with a white so I think that looks super
dope they were like a society section
over here which just looks amazing so
check it out check it out those are the
shoes now we're going to move on to
these two these two are probably my
favorites which I wore today
let's get straight
into this banger if you can see this
there's one white and one black the
white one is just my favorite just look
at how it looks like it's got the gold
but yeah this just looks fantastic guys
and then secondly we've got the black
ones which just look as nice and it's
just nice to have these two as a pair
together if you can see that and now
let's go on to the two special shoes so
this one the books it's very plain very
very plain but baby as soon as you open
it your ponytail there is a certificate
showing that these are 24 karat gold
plated so that is super super cool and
these shoes even have their own back
guys properties all these in the shop
they don't guys Wow just take an overall
look at these fantastic fantastic shoes
guys all if this is actually gold plated
which is really don't timeless you guys
are overweight important which is the
red box the big red box
dun dun duh dun dun dun
I so getting straight into the box I
should never use but it comes with its
own hat is really really cool it's
actually a leather hat which is even
more awesome so we're going to leave
that just there but now let's actually
see the shoes themselves
Wow babe so these are very very luxury
shoes like that high-end Jordans like
this is dressed to impress and they must
look fantastic
oh my god I'm not really a big fan of
cream shoes but I just like the pattern
of this shoe it just looks overall very
very cool
very classy these are the two shoes next
to each other when everybody got in guys
they were
to get peace so I kind of just followed
the hike and I bought myself one as well
okay boys I'm actually gonna wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed today with something different
and yeah I should probably tell I I just
I have no idea one iron today I have no
idea like to be honest it was like a
super exclusive opening I didn't even
know I was going on to last one and my
boy was like yo I got you some tickets
don't I come how's that yeah why not
and then it kind of just turned into
that which is crazy I think I'm gonna go
by like a loader much equal them you
know that might containers you put the
shoes in and just start a full-out
sneaker collection because I got quite a
few to like properly style off the day
that's why I wanted for a while
hopefully now we can also get some
Yeezys to add to the collection some
other stuff as well but yeah that's just
like future stuff ideas for now catch
you guys soon or for another epic Lord
you love you all
Yolo Yolo goodbye
