yo yo everyone how are you all doing top
of the morning to y'all so I don't know
I said that anyways today I feel super
super good I'm wearing my new glasses
and I feel like I'm me again like for
the past week which I haven't had my
losses I felt different but you know now
we're back in full action guys so today
I've got to cool things flatten out so
first of all you know the shoes I got
yesterday I want to see if I can go and
change them for half a size bigger so
they can fit me perfectly but apart from
that basically there's a new car being
launched in Dubai I don't know what it's
called exactly I completely forgot but
it's very very unique basically it looks
really pretty I want to go see it so
yeah that's where we're going today so
let's get headed and I'll see you guys
on today's journey alright so I just
made it over to where they're releasing
the new car guys I'm gonna get onto it's
right in the middle you see like a group
of people around it it's extremely
beautiful but before I go on to them
this is actually like a big classic car
sure and this car right here is a
Ferrari f40 you're absolutely in love
with this car look at how nice and clean
this one is it's so fresh and they got
so many nice classic cars let's go
around to the booty shot of this car cuz
it just looks amazing Wow Wow
loved this car and then you can see
they've got a load of other classic cars
that we just go around this showroom and
they're just like all over here man
I really like this one as well I don't
know why I think classic Ferraris just
have like this really really cool look
about them anyways let me explain a bit
more about the car in the middle so this
car has actually been made by the same
person who designed the like and you
know the one in the fossil first movie
you guys have seen on my channel before
and yeah this is a brand new car you
know what's even cooler it's actually
like not that expensive it's cheaper
than my Mustang I think I think I might
trade I think I might try anyways let me
show you it and yeah just enjoy the view
check it out this is the new car that
has been made I'm going to give you a
little tour of the outside because this
thing just looks absolutely gorgeous so
I think it's the first one in the whole
of the UAE so it's like a prototype car
but just take a look at the exterior of
this car absolutely phenomenal I can't
believe it it's actually really really
cool to be at like a car launch I still
don't know what it's called but anyways
super cool being around this car I'm
going to leave it right here but yeah
hopefully you guys have enjoyed this
mini tour of this new vehicle and yeah
maybe one day we'll see on the street
are they gonna turn it on I think
they're gonna turn it on I'm not too
sure okay just put the headlights on
anyways guys I'm probably gonna head out
now I just came to look at what this new
car is as I said I just got off it in my
email it looked really cool and I came
over to see it but also this car action
is very cool I think my friend is
actually gonna buy it he's actually over
here it's it's actually cool running
these people you know but this is a
cobra replica which is pretty awesome so
Shelby so yeah look at this thing it's
actually very very awesome they've got a
load of cars over here
your classic car purse and I think this
is the place by the way I thought I'd
show you guys just like how they make
this scarlet they've actually got one of
the pieces over here and I think we
might actually be signing this I'm not
sure if I will stick around or hopefully
I can do it a bit early but it just goes
to show like this is the mold of the
front of the car just take a look at it
it looks super super cool and they've
got like loads of other cars like I
think I've seen this exact car at the
classic car show or something very
similar to it but damn I roll back
headed again with the cars one Hoover
thing this car behind me she is Mercedes
there's a million dollars yep just just
a casual million dollars this is like
three Lamborghinis man damn this thing
over here this car over here is like
three Lamborghinis okay so they're
actually signing the chassis right now
and I'm going to be one of the worst
people not the first but one of the
first design is I'm going to sign it now
and then we can head out pretty cool
right my name is going to be on that
chassis love signing the front
thank you a great singer too me too
and check that out there you go Molag
signature right there third person whoa
all right pretty cool day boys have a
lot of snacks in there I just got the
hanging peanuts like I'm not okay why is
it my car door I just made it over to
the wall guys do you remember the other
day when they're building something with
the ice cream
this is what they've built if you can
see that and I still have no idea what
it is they she's not like loads of
benches and tables but I don't know what
it's for they even have like a stage
over there anyways let me know if you
guys know maybe it's like a concert who
knows did you think that you I don't
think that your concert in the military
but it looks pretty good so I quickly
made it over here to change my shoe size
but unfortunately the one I wanted is
not in stock however I think they said
they'll get it by next week but check it
how many shoes they have over here it's
insane you know what shoes I really like
that let me show you
I think these these look super cool in
my opinion
these China I think I'm not sure is it
like the Chinese New Year specials and
these so not sure if I think they said
they might bring my size by next week if
not then I might like take one of them
instead so we'll see about that but for
now I'm gonna head out and yeah see
where mommy mo is actually actually went
grab some tea or coffee I think so I'm
gonna go join her by the way I also
think these shoes look dope like you
know the ones with the the weird like
bottom they have like a huge gap okay I
had to show you this bad guys because it
looks really really funny but I don't
think you'd actually want to wear
outside check this out the bag
has the imprint of a gun what the hell
imagine carrying this around guys that
be so bad like imagine like a police
officer pulls you to the siding right
okay I'm everything guys I swear that
that's risky though don't you think I
imagine if they actually think it's a
gun like suddenly shoot you or something
I don't know it looks pretty cool uh we
just came to my mom's absolute
favorite coffee shop and you guys you
just know by now what she's having she's
having a little cappuccino and
everything look at that guy's look at
that anyways I don't like cappuccinos
but I wouldn't mind a piece of this
bread to be honest so let me just
aggressively cut that I honestly don't
know why but I have such big
expectations for this Nickelodeon /
spongebob saw that opening up
because it looks so cool from the
outside and it's taken an extremely long
time for them to make so I hope once
that opens up there's gonna be like
loads of cool things in there but then
again I'm gonna have to see because I
have high expectations so if they don't
meet it I'm gonna be disappointed okay
by the way let me know if you guys
remember this but I showed you this like
couple months back this morning like
four or five months back that is
actually a real dinosaur like skull
sculpture bones what you could I don't
know you put it but that's real and I
think they flew that all the way from
America to here and then my sister's
gonna meet up with us right now so once
I meet her I'll patina what I finally
met with Lana you know she finally came
and check out her eyes right now I'm not
sure if you guys can properly tell them
this lighting
they are great basically she bought
lenses right did you blow you when
you're writing or not
so if you guys did see already I'm sorry
for repeating it but it actually looks
so cool
imagine if I had lenses actually looks
amazing like yo I sure I color is such
an important thing I think I would have
looked amazing about gray eyes you know
what maybe let me know god you want me
to wear grey lenses cuz that is all most
of my I swear looks so nice I'm not
lying you don't like you know wolf-like
and it's so cool I know it looks amazing
anyways thumbs I think that looks cool
and I should have it as well because I
would look like a boss anyways right now
I'm not sure Harvey what do I really
want to get some dessert you want
something yeah okay we'll eat and then
we'll all have dessert together because
I'm really I'm really craving like a
chocolate cake maybe a pond or a molten
cake feed me - lets go fever guys again
okay after her food mover have deserted
the family let's go so you know what I
said we wanted some dessert boys we
actually came into patchy and basically
we're actually getting this for a gift
but look at this I never knew Vance
until now they have these really really
cool like snakeskin boxes that you can
put chocolate in it that is so cool guys
I just found out about it now anyways
yeah I think my Mon lon are gonna get
the brown one or the black one one of
these they're very similar but they're
so awesome oh okay that's like a
treasure chest
nice yeah look at that imagine opening
it up to loads of chocolate wow she make
it yeah that's amazing
did you see that so we basically just
got a treasure chest of chocolate that
looks so awesome like we were trying to
find something cool and like they
normally have like you know the playing
boxes like something nicer but they
found us a trench just by the way check
this out boys oh oh okay sorry sorry bro
I have to kind of I have to what's it
could age restriction brah yo age
restriction really one hundred and ten
thousand one hundred ten thousand
that's expensive no guys that's over
20,000 pounds damn yeah I know I know
there a lot of things going to that Wow
it looks cool to feel it feel it Wow
ah even the shoes on the side anyways
boys we actually have to wait like 15
minutes for the Box get ready because
they need to like design and stuff you
know
but I don't mind waiting in this place
because it looks gorgeous like this is a
chocolate store guys and it feel like
more decoration than my house like a
chocolate store looks nicer than my
house I'm done I'm done boys I'm done
they're just gonna way around here until
the chocolate gets ready I'm I'm so
tempted to just open it yeah like that's
what I really want to do well you know
it's a gift you know I can't I can't eat
it but Wow they've got so many cool
boxes I just realized now look this is
something really cool oh oh maybe we
should have got this regardless they
have so many awesome things over here
boys like this is chocolate heaven it's
like chocolate mixed with luxury I wish
I wish I wish your chocolate brand
sponsored me man oh it actually okay let
me take my wish back because if they do
I'd be obese if a chocolate brand that
works me and said I'll sponsor you know
I think I would become over you look at
that look at that Lana's snapchatting oh
oh Majid Oh crab well from this side oh
my gosh I come round oh wow that is the
chocolate box guys okay I just after the
chocolate there's no no no this 100
people oh thank you that is amazing
perfect perfect that is the finished
chocolate box as you can see guys they
finish designing and stuff oh it looks
nice
hi boys the finished product is here Oh
anyways let's leave we got the chocolate
yeah I think the the brown and the gold
goes so well together Roy
but anyways look at this my lady check
this out look there are samples in the
corner boys oh you look no look at this
there's someone this is what it says
with the best compliments read it
hi that's what I thought boys don't
forget don't forget by the way guys
these are samples as well so feel free
to get me some if you want
yo yo Lana Lana take the sample home but
you know what it is boys me and mummy mo
in the makeup store yeah what you want
my mode you want Jonah join a whole face
look or just want to blow dry does it
turn on her looking at me but now what
is this guy doing he doesn't work yet
hey you guys know why we came here boys
it wasn't cuz I'm mommy cuz Ilana how
much stuff did you get so why did you
take a basket yo check this out boys I
never knew they had these things they
have a lip infringe what they're like a
meter to me that looks so cool you don't
realize how good we look with it it
looks so funky oh my god you know you
look like you look like I don't know why
you don't like Nicki Minaj
mommy it does it doesn't suit you that
much yeah that matches you you know you
look like Nicki Minaj oh they're valid
cool mommy more chill it doesn't suit
you I'm sorry no no no mommy I'm sorry
it doesn't see y'all okay oh my god
thank you mommy I don't think a friend
shoots here mommy looks like a hippie
with that what the hell
we are literally stuck in the big boy
they just closed the door what is
happening oh my god they closed the
doors on us no they closed the door
you're still inside here what the hell
who okay as you can see boys we've got
Lana and she actually wants to buy this
thing I initially thought it was a joke
but no she she actually wants to get
this I think it is cool Amy look at the
biceps noise look at the visor
yeah but if you're ever gonna wear it
you know I don't think I'm gonna wear it
okay it's time to leave this makeup
store
Lana stayed in so late that this door is
closed and we have to go through a
secret passage we going out huh you saw
let's go
I actually didn't even realize it was
that late I didn't think honestly what
time is it it's 11:00
I okay to be honest guys she chose to
come to the makeup store before her food
so what I am turned into an hour boys
one I anyways let's quickly go try and
find her some food and then I guess you
can call it a day here we pretty much
did everything we needed to so I was
joking around when I said there might be
a concert here yet but it actually seems
like there might be there's like DJs as
a stage it says like there's a snapchat
party I don't even know what that is
whoa what do you think's going on it's
taking an extremely long time what are
you doing what okay she was she was
changing her music y'all look who we
have next to us in the traffic boys
Lana Rosie it looks so cool with a
Lamborghini and a GUI get next to each
other don't you think looks awesome man
those two cars I think suit each other
for a parking lot all right guys so I
just go home I'm not sure if you can
hear there's some also awesome fans
outside let me quickly show you a sneak
peak of them on the CCTV over there but
they have come all the way from India
and yeah they wanted to be on the vlog
so let me go show you them actually
really really cool all right guys so
these awesome people came all the way
from India and yeah basically they
actually also brought me like every
single currency from India which is
their BAM that is really cool a pile of
guy don't tell them what notes that is
you got like a fifty ten hand we got a
money currency as well thank you guys so
much by the way they've come five times
I'm so bad guys I'm seriously so sorry
this is our fifth time but yeah thank
you guys
man love they've got the coolest cases
era she's got like a McHale and yeah
guys you remember the slogan yellow Yolo
that's amazing so now that we're home
key is being super super like drama
queen and she wants Lana's attention
stop touching a look what she does oh
she's such a drama queen anyways I'm not
sure if you guys can tell but look into
my sister's eyes one of them on the
right she has her lens and on the left
she doesn't so that is a close-up of how
it looks you can't tell that much I
actually look in the light look in the
light maybe we can tell a bit more there
you go now you can tell but there you go
ways that is Lana with the lens and that
is Lana without a lens it's difficult
arguing when you're not used to wearing
lenses in the beginning it does get she
was crying the whole day guys she was
like my eyes are tearing up as always
guys I'm gonna wrap up today's Loki I
hope you have enjoyed drop a like button
if you have today has been an awesome
awesome day so I'll catch you guys some
more for another blog don't forget y'all
Yolo
good bye
