yo yo everyone how are you all doing
good morning welcome to another vlog so
I've got my large bottle of water with
me today it is extremely hot but
basically right now me and my mom are
gonna head out I've actually got a lot
of things I need to buy basically a lot
of my equipment is rusty now like one of
my selfie sticks is so rusted because I
take it in water so I need to go do that
stuff
also we're heading for the post office
right now to pick up a package so yeah
let's go and have a fun day all right
first stop today I've come to post off
some letters are psych basically I
quickly came to pick up the letters I
had at this post office cuz it was on
our way I saw I feel like I might become
a postal worker soon like I'm going post
office to post office collecting stuff
check this out guys you can see my
reflection in the mirror anyways for
once you've actually come here in day
time basically I've got a friend over
here and every single time I come I come
literally when they're about to close
and he's always like bro you need to
come here earlier but today I've
actually come in broad daylight and I'm
not late for one so let's go get my
package and go home it says it's a frame
a full frame that is I think and it
sounds a bit shattered so it's got me a
little bit worried I hope it's come in
one piece but regardless thank you for
this I'll open up layer and see what it
is now it's time to go do some shopping
in the mall because I need to buy a load
of things all right boys I just got
changed from my shorts to my jeans in
the car so if you see a video online of
me stripping down in the parking lot
that's how so I just made it over to the
electronics store and I'm getting myself
a selfie stick again the thing is I
don't know how they never have just the
selfie stick
it comes like 10 accessories I already
have but the really cool thing I want to
show you guys look at the cool things
they always have playing on like you
know TVs when you want to buy them they
always have like the coolest thing
showing on them like check this out that
just looks so cool in HD and stuff like
that anyways yeah the colors are super
nice I'm getting myself this but they've
actually got loads of cool things over
here let me gonna show you around this
corner guys
look at this what the hell is this is
like a huge Wi-Fi speaker machine like
imagine taking this into the streets
that'd be crazy right yeah it changes
colors as well and also over here guys I
found this really cool they've got like
karaoke machines or what the hell how to
use this I'm not a good singer but I
just wanted another alright boys it's
time for you to listen to my amazing
voice I just I just hope it doesn't go
on to the speaker system where everyone
can hear me say so we're just selecting
a song right now
what song is this rude oh I'm a minister
I'm not
all right now that's it that's it guys
that is the coolest thing ever let me do
it
marry that girl marry anyways why you
gotta be so rude
alright boys we're gonna do another song
again because my voice is so good so
they recommended I played another one
there's another one guy oh it's like
another microphone now you can kick them
oh okay
all right boys we're going for another
round oh hey guys no long mommy do this
is that there's still you who
advertising speaker system I repeat
robot okay round two boys were going for
Gangnam style you guys know how good I
am I say
sound of her
this level is love today
Oh
I have no idea how I was convinced into
seeing karaoke guys anyways let's go get
this no selfie stick and leave that was
actually pretty fun aye sir I know I've
showed you this once but how do they
record these awesome clips that they use
for TV advertisements like they are so
so HD like my eyes don't see like this I
don't know how their cameras do that
look at this guy's
look at that damn imagine if I've logged
in these places that'd be so awesome
that's beautiful
Wow I guys just pretend like I'm here
right now check take a look at these
camels oh yo check these speakers up
guys they're actually super super cool
they're actually levitating you see that
that is also like my hand is fully going
under there that is mad and look you can
use oh okay do not try that do not try
that guys how to love me what what do I
do is oh jeez okay I just ruined the
speaker Oh is there no way of putting
that man
that's it okay guys as always saying
these are 11 things because I kind of
made that one unlimited anyways apart
from that they have loads and loads of
cool things over here one of my
favorites is these things they're just
so so cool to look at guys look at that
I don't know they're just it's just one
of them satisfying things to look at and
this one actually has lights right I
don't have to turn it on is that oh
there you go oh yeah mom it says don't
touch guys but you know for YouTube we
have to whoa that one's cool alright
let's stop let's turn that one off check
out this lamp is Oh guys another
rotating object I'm not going to touch
this one because I somehow seem to break
every leavening object this is the
levitating globe look what I did to this
guy yo anyways this one's still
levitating which is pretty cool apart
from all of them cool objects guys they
also have loads and loads of drones like
a literally a table of drones or a
yellow drone drone drone mini drones RC
cars this is like a kid's dream over
here damn this is by far one of my
favorite stores guys it has so many cool
things and I think is there's so many
don't know what to choose by the way
check out this phone big nose
that is also wow this is like this is
where you would come to decorate your
kid's room like it'd be perfect you get
have so many cool things but for now I'm
going to leave so me my mama come
Texas place to eat and I'm not gonna lie
the main reason I always come here is
basically when you come in they give you
like a bucket of peanuts and this brain
really delicious bread and they just
give that complimentary and that's what
pulls me back every single time I kid
you not it's the only reason I come I
love the peanuts and I love the bread
and every time I come I don't know what
to order because I really want to just
have the peanuts on the bread but
obviously you can't go without ordering
anything so yeah I think I'm just gonna
have some wings that is the bread I'm
talking about guys it's like this really
delicious sweet bread they have I don't
know it's just so good and the peanuts
of course you know you just just have to
put a couple in your pocket as well you
know that that's how you do it let me
teach you guys how to have your nuts
today you just take one to break it home
you take what's inside it guys okay this
is what's inside
your trash and then P one very easy
installation my chicken wings just got
here guys this is literally why I live
for that I just I just love chicken
wings buffalo wings anything like that
I just love okay we're done over here at
this restaurant
I should like because they put like all
of the meat over here guys you see that
they have all the different sizes of
their meat as you can see and they
actually got like a little karaoke box
type thing over here which is dope okay
so I just finished up at the boiler
we're gonna go ahead over to pick up my
sister but look at this look at what car
was parked next to me the Dodge
Challenger SRT Wow - American muscle
cars next to each other but I just put
another really cards over there so let
me go see if it is why I think is I
think it's like a George EC I'm not sure
I'm not gonna embarrass myself until I
see I just like Eclipse a bit check this
out guys this is a George GTS this thing
looks mad I can't believe I just spotted
this in the parking lot Wow look at the
wing on this thing it's massive it's
like a carbon fiber wing this car looks
beautiful look at the cuts on the side
of this car oh my god there's like how
do I spot this car randomly lemarchal
it's such a gorgeous car and as if
that's not enough there's a Ferrari part
here like
get this hi I think okay that was an
amazing little trip of cars flying I
love this dodging Allah is look at the
view you get like it looks so mean so we
just got home but we're about to leave
this really cool place in Jumeirah guys
my sister what's it have sushi and I
really want to show you the place
because it looks gorgeous like she sent
me a picture that day and it's amazing
but before we go I'm super thirsty and I
want to know do you guys ever do this
we're like you can't be bothered to get
a cup so you come to the machine you
just like press it and cup your hand I'm
not sure let's see if this works out oh
my god I holy body always up again
my mum was pressing it to room guys my
mom was pressing the button for me I'll
try to signal to her and she wasn't
stopping or like whoa mommy you couldn't
let go sooner I was wrong I was almost
about to drown by the way guys check out
key she always sleeps on top of her cage
not inside she steeps on top of it all
right Lana is finally ready boys that
actually is what up what up what up took
like two hours but let's go I'm actually
excited for once to go to a sushi place
not tea or anything I just want to see
the place it looks so cool
the other day my sister actually blogged
it like on our phone though and the
quality was so bad but the place is
beautiful so let's go today I do it just
this with a good camera okay let's do
this door opened out we go alright boys
so I just made it over to city wok I
think it's good it's like a strip of
restaurant my sister comes here to get
her sushi so I think we might take away
that and then go meet one of my friends
at the mall
crikey mate check this out what the hell
is that coming to the middle one yo I
feel like I'm in a bird's nest you know
that is crazy
whoa yo Comic Cons your screen look at
that ah this thing looks cool it looks
like a mess oh geez watch your step
it looks like a mess is like birdcage or
something this is the view that I wanted
to show you guys it's absolutely amazing
as you can see lot of snap this to me
the other day and I was like damn
you know the things I'm really hot right
now I'm kind of tempted to jump into the
water guys like you know when you're
really hot and they're like a cold
swimming pool behind you anyway just
basically it's really really cool like
around the place I'm not sure if you can
see there's just a ton of restaurants so
you can just sit here and enjoy this
fantastic view anyways we're gonna go
grab her sushi and leave because I
didn't come with the I literally just
came here to look at this view oh wow I
would not mind like coming here one day
and sing a restaurant and just enjoying
it because it's really cool because that
guy's you got a birch the leaf of you
with the moon right now which is just
amazing
buh-bye amazingly I'll see you again
soon one day I'm going to be back here
in the morning sitting here with a cup
of tea or something and just enjoying
this but for now I'm gonna go to Dubai
Mall which is over there next to the
verge alright so I just made it over to
the mall guys and everything is
literally because it's like 12 o'clock
right now I wanted to show you this
basically I'm not sure you guys remember
in the daytime it's like a water
fountain but at night they actually turn
it off like if you see there's a little
bit on in the corner I'm pointing right
there you see that a tiny little bit
over there it kind of looks white but
the rest of it is completely off and it
just looks so weird it looks so weird
anyways I actually just met up with one
of my friends and his family it was
super super funny I unfortunately didn't
vlog it I was way too embarrassed to but
he actually got me a gift I'm not going
to show you what it is on today's blog
but I want you guys to guess it's
actually really really cool man doing
unboxing of it but yeah right now
actually gonna go see where my mom's
sister I left them to eat I'm not sure
if they vlog for you but we'll see about
that when I get to them and yeah we'll
finish the vlog with them and look where
they were I found them taking photos
here literally you're just standing here
taking bows over here
you've logged you are you sure it's
going to make into the final Carson blog
is gonna make it let's see you guys
hopefully but this base looks really
really gorgeous we've actually passed it
on the other side there's like a souk
which you can buy stuff but yes pretty
cool check out how cool this little
balcony area is Wow
look at that the whole of Burj Khalifa
you can see past this balcony place guys
everything in the mall it goes but look
at this place I serve I gonna be open oh
my god Wow is that real trough nor is it
demo no it's real damn I really want it
now guys you know when you just feel
like having dessert I feel like having
dessert our boys we are heading off home
now amazing amazing time I actually met
a couple of you guys right now in the
morning it's like 1:00 a.m. so yours
what is like us are like Vampire Diaries
they stay in the mood to later by the
way look at the ice ring I have no idea
what's going on there I think they're
building something no they are literally
building something no oh you think they
do that every night no that's not
covering the ice why would they do that
every night
okay before you guys actually comment
what you think's going on this is not
covering the eyes I just offered
security and they said this is not
normal they have no idea what's going on
you said it's the first time he's ever
seen this look how many though like
there's like hundreds and hundreds oh
you said there might be like a dancing
event imagine if there's like
breakdancing in the middle of the ice
cream guys that's gonna be super cool
let me show you guys something cool
because my car basically has like these
blue lights every around it and it's
basically lit up my water ball into blue
as soon as I put it in there it just
turns into blue war we should look
really awesome okay ready
all right guys to wrap up today's look
I'm gonna open this packet that we got
today it says it's a frame the only
reason I'm opening it is it kind of
sounds broken in there so I'm going to
open it as soon as possible to see
what's up in there so without further
ado let's open this bad boy up
by the way guys I feel bad if it is
broken because it specifically says
handle with care' and fragile so Oh
sound it all sounds very sorry buddy
let's see what this is babe oh wait what
alright I have no idea first thing it
says is enjoy there's like a brown piece
of paper are you ready
open it so in there we got a curtsy okay
is your first we can donate currency oh
yeah I've no idea guys what this is
gonna be so okay oh okay it's just a
print no no no isn't it a cup right no
this is a prayer this is a print
yeah all right so the note didn't give
much away guys except from the fact that
we got a makedonia currency so thank you
so much school people got it guys Wow
beautiful that is really cool
ah that's awesome okay secondly let's
get straight into this I'm not sure if I
can write this or not so we're just
gonna fill it out guys sounds very
broken yeah I oh okay now that I've
definitely the package you guys that is
definitely the package it's artistic you
know hi so that's open his up I feel
like this is very expensive I don't get
it oh it sounds like gloss alright guys
so there's a log gloss it seems to be in
here yeah mum's right this purple yeah
guys there's some broken glass in here
okay I don't think we can do a thing
down no time unfortunately is smashed oh
that's gorgeous
what is that that's like a sunset hi so
let's try and save it you can get it
reframed so it's not problem wow this is
gorgeous
that's actually a really cool picture
unfortunately the glass is kind of
scratched it but that's a cage yes oh my
gosh Wow
thank you so much my man appreciate it
so much that's actually a 6k print right
there right
see it under different waves it's
amazing and secondly there's something
in there what is that oh wow what is
that I've never seen anything like it
let's see oh this is gorgeous
wait I think there's more to it guys
doing okay this is pretty cool printed
look is pretty thick oh this is gorgeous
Wow look at this it's like a shunned is
that magnet maybe just a magnet no yeah
it is a magnet seriously whoa
that is epic that is seriously so so
epic guys as the biggest magnet I've
ever gotten
whoa nice look at it it feels so cool
you know oh we can find a moment this
size
Wow why mommy's trying to stick guys
mommy that's a picture that's not magnet
I've never seen this sort of look at
this photography's amazing anyways thank
you so much DJ and me for the awesome
gifts they're actually stunning and very
very artistic this is a 6 k Pole by the
way so appreciate so much and katie is
taking your box into our own hands by
the way I hope there's no glosses that
bugs by doing this packaging was really
cool I don't know why I really like kids
awesome right and he's make sure there's
no glass under it I really want to melt
this glass do you think it's possible
alright we're not gonna do we're not
gonna do any more crazy some beer so you
guys so for another awesome vlog also
the stuff planned out this week or the
next so yes stay tuned for that
they also love you on Yolo Yolo goodbye
vlog extras in case you guys want to
know we're actually putting up the frame
that you guys sent in making sure it's
centered and yeah we're just putting it
right here or you don't need that much
focus it's just it's just a seem
extremely focused on that
when I wasn't focused last time I nearly
took my finger off
voila amazing make sure I look straight
ok see you guys next time
thank you again peace out Yali on oh boy
