yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so this morning I'm
starting out by washing our carp in it
check this out guys if you just do that
as I can load of salt that comes out of
it so it just looks so satisfying when I
do this
whoo the soap just comes out say hey so
I'm actually gonna go head over to my
friend Beau's house he forgot his charge
with me the other day so I need to go
drop that off but I'm quickly gonna
change my shirt because the other day
our friends gave me a red goo Ferrari
shirt and a hat so I thought why not
just wear it out and once I wear I want
to say something really funny which I
saw in the comment section all right
let's quickly just open this up take the
shirt out oh I love the color red by the
way guys all right boy so check it out
that is the swag that my friends hooked
me up with but the funny thing I
actually wanted to tell you guys is like
two weeks ago I was driving my sister's
Lamborghini and I had just a Ferrari
hound that's it and somebody told me in
the comment section like this is illegal
like if you wear like a Ferrari logo and
drive the Lambo basically if you cross
brand apparently that illegal so let me
know if there's actually any country
which this is illegal to cross brand
like wear this and drive a Mustang or
wear like a Lambo sure and drive a
Ferrari like seriously seriously is that
the case it's all I've been committing
crimes all day long and like for a whole
year okay I just made it over to my boys
place let's see how he is doing today
it's mo that's a secret password yo what
up what up what up how you doing chin
chilling got my boy Adnan over there
what's up man and there are guys every
time I come here he's sleeping so I just
need to expose them for that man
I gotta sleep MEP work hard work
hoarsely part where you are don't do
anything
what you guys been up to bro your fans
yelling be calling on whatsapp groups
and like like begging me to stay in oh
as you know who you are not mostly stuff
on this phone yeah you're right to sleep
alright you but feels I let me just get
up because I know he's gonna come in
bloody and go back to bed anyways
guys yeah basically Mo's number was on
the ad the car is sold and it's not my
number so please don't harass him I
think he changed it to a random number
now so yeah no more calls and stuff bro
you don't even know they're telling me
to please stay in the group and just say
hi once so I said yo yo yo they went
crazy blow usually got their reactions I
talking to the dollar encouraged on
another call right now three minutes ago
from Beirut I guess you got a rude
shout-out to Beirut anyway such a big
shout out to be root shout out to all
the fans harassing boy oMG okay be all
honesty we put our other friends number
now so much so my boy Adnan came into
the top what did he do exactly
Allah I guess there's a leak in the hose
oh you turn the hose on it leaves but
let me leave it on yo that is that like
a legit flood I don't even want to see
Decker they're like what the hell bro I
guess we forget that was with us for now
I'm finished over here we're heading up
home look who decided to copy my shirt
Oh
when it changes already all right let's
go boys
still company you copy fit a king Julian
hat King Julian Mon fits you well bro
yeah you can have that my gift to you oh
my god lo thank you so much
anyways I was super fun just hanging out
with them for a bit while I gave the
charger back as I said gonna head off
home now and I've got a little
experiment I want to try out okay we'll
see once I get home oh okay I just
remembered I forgot my laptop in the car
so now my mom comes over the door she's
gonna like who who was that at the door
did was oh there is a spider on my
sister's car and it's like want them
jumping spiders oh my god guys holy moly
do you see that thing oh my god guys
that is massive yo I swear I'm backing
off I'm backing off no way oh she's dead
Go Go Go Go Go Go Go it's right on the
door Go Go Go Go Go okay you know what
guys I got my laptop I'm going and you
know I'm not messing that spider because
of the fact that the carpet is getting
washed today that means there's no
carpet on the floor and I have space to
use my life you know what what you call
is surfboard let's just call it a
surfboard from now on but yeah that
means I can go all around cuz normally I
don't have much space to play with this
thing oh my god oh my god I don't even
realize that they camera hit one of
these yeah you guys on in there hard let
me show you something really really
funny so every day ki sleeps in the
corner of the couch and I had to empty
out her spot cuz she wanted to sleep
there so she's sleeping in between the
pile of poop emojis what up buddy you
like you over there I don't know why she
has to sleep in that corner every day
like she was just looking in the corner
and looking at me and I'll say aw
okay
get it you wanna sleep over there okay
so the thing I'll show you the test out
today is I want to walk myself like a
load of straws and I kind of got
inspired by a guy so in the more like
two weeks ago who had five straws coming
up to his mouth and I think I mentioned
it on the vlog so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna try and make like the longest
straw ever and try and do exactly what
he was doing okay
I just don't know how he did it it's
like impossible that sound is so cool I
love that I am super excited to test
this out make myself some orange juice
let's put one side of the straw in okay
I don't know how I can show you guys I
get you guys ready for this oh my god
guys so much hard work okay whew oh it's
layer we are back with some sanity let's
make some improvements to my invention
which is the world's longest straw
that's why I'm pulling it whoa okay
hopefully this sticks in there I swear
if this doesn't work now guys I have no
clue what to do hey you know what let's
try something funky with this yo it goes
away this is going to be madness day
three two one
okay it's kind of working
ah you know for now I'm gonna put this
invention to the side guys and let me
know in the comment section how to
properly do it like I want to make a
massive massive massive one did i
sellotape it wrong is there specific way
so comment down below cuz I really
really want to make like a gigantic or
maybe even like room to room like you
know have it only in the kitchen to the
living room and like put like a dark
liquid in there so you can see it
traveled I'll be dope so comment down
below even if you have like a tutorial
video you can show me so I can start
doing that myself time to head out with
mummy mode let's go get some bean bags
aye sir I've been searching for them for
like the longest time ever my Mo's
actually like found an air freshener I'm
gonna put it in my car because she
thinks my car could use with it whom I
wonder why you say my car stinks
are you saying my car stinks alright
let's go boys good guys would you enter
somebody's house if you didn't know them
like imagine you just came to somebody's
door and and it was open like this would
you enter I want your honest opinions
okay we are officially in IKEA now boys
it's been a long time since I've been
here so the make which is that noise by
the way it's so annoying what is that
I like your security alarm again I'm
gonna vlog once I get out this area hey
hey boys look at this
oh poor oh yeah
dang son check that out that is dope
like they replicated this little poster
thing I think him buy this poster but
check it out I think that looks cool I
don't know let me know what you guys say
I think it's so awesome that they have
it on the wall
don'tdon't look where we are guys so we
made it to the storage area I absolutely
love this area guys like this is my
favorite part about guys IKEA just makes
me feel like it's my warehouse you know
I am so mad right now I was searching
for half an hour and this this is the
only big bag they had a white bean bag
like who buys a white bean bag at least
they could've put some color in it's
like optional no so I went and asked if
they have any covers for those bean bags
guys you wanna see my luck they've got
three colors okay they've got three
colors so first color out of stock okay
thank you for that
second color out of stock yep just gets
better and third color out of damn stock
really really and guess what color is
coming into stock like it's not even
here yet but guess what color is coming
into stock pink pink is the only color
coming in so for the longest time ever
I've wanted a boosted board guys but
they actually don't sell it here in
Dubai but I found like a little
alternative over here which is awesome
so they've got like these different
brands and the one I want is this look
at this thing is the massive alert it's
like an off-roading one they've got like
the advertisement over here this just
looks insane guys Wow
I'm gonna give this one a try now
because this one's got battery guys and
let's see how these work I'll try the
slow one first just in case just in case
yes okay and forward stop
okay so this always pretty cool guys
like I'm super nervous to fall off and
I'm trying them out the second one I
might try this one is faster and I think
it goes forward and backwards so let's
give this one a shot alright guys so
this time I'm actually gonna try
vlogging while I'm on this thing let's
see
oh my god oh my god this thing is pretty
cool
oh okay way too fast away to Boston off
and let's break that's break oh boy oh
boy
look at that guy's hey what up mommy
bye-bye mommy more buh-bye oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my gosh it Joe I am super nervous
pretty nice once you get used to it
pretty cool once you get used to it oh
I'm gonna try the next one which is
pretty fast apparently so let's give
this on a shot oh oh and this one if you
press this switch it goes backwards then
you can press it again then it goes
forwards all right let's see how this
goes all right oh my god I feel nervous
guys this one is a much smaller oh geez
Oh me holy you okay oh I feel like I'm
gonna drop this camera
yeah that was super super awesome guys
let me know in the comment section
should I get that huge one because I'm
really considering coming back like
tomorrow after tomorrow to buy it the
thing is I don't know I think the folds
are just so cool tight you going grass
with it I think a little bit of sand not
too much but I'll be crazy it's been a
while since I've opened some of your
letters and packages so I thought it'd
be good to open some now I think this
much would be good so let's get through
it
I love reading stronger than air so I'm
going to just open all of these read a
couple of them on the blog but don't
worry if I don't read on the blog I have
read your letter and just for the people
that want to know which ones I'm going
to read if this is one of yours it got
read today okay so there you go I just
want to show the people who send it
because some people are like did you
open mine so yeah if it's one of these
then yeah I'm gonna open all of these
today ah
so my goal is I need to be joining me in
this little pack opening so we're just
gonna go through your layers and y'all
just pick out a couple to read to you
guys so let's get straight into the mail
first one and it already starts some
really really cool look at this got like
a Mustang and a Lamborghini drawing here
from New York baby Richardson two for
two so far so second packet and another
drawing we actually got one note which
is from Oman oh okay
I actually get to visit or mom buy free
ring you want to go so hopefully one day
I'll go and that one was from my boy Ali
I appreciate a man I got a sweet card
from our top Singh and it's like time to
pack your trunk and say goodbye this
layer is all the way from Pakistan from
my voice Shahada
Kazi and yeah it said y'know shout to
the score egg wait what wait what is
this Cayman Islands Monetary Authority
what currency is this guys that is so
awesome I've never seen this note
life to mawlana kitty and bubbles is the
first layer you guys are getting for the
cats
I love the cats and I actually believe I
dissented from a cat all right if I
scare you guys off into thinking I'm
weird I just wanted to say I love you I
love what you're doing with the videos I
think that that's already made me smile
already I think I descended from a cat
that videos from Skandera
thank you so so much I appreciate that
made me smile the beginning of that
layer was just hilarious in the next
letter I want to show you something
because I see a lot of people doing this
and I don't know why my face when you
pause me talking
it just looks retarded every single time
I check this out just look at that guys
take a good look at that every single
time I want to say a huge thank you to
Adele folk pace
she gave me currency like old currency
from Brazil which is really really
awesome for so thank you so much bigger
this they drew my sister name son hey
hey Lana Rose Lee this next one's action
brilliant kusa thank you mm Panesar
first of them we set like coins from all
over the world yeah India Hong Kong
Ghana everywhere he has a coin from so
that is really really cool but look at
this so he got these handmade wristbands
this one says mummy mole on it and
there's like two more over here if you
check that out there's one that says mo
logs y'all take a look at that Wow
these are really really cool and then
finally we have a Lana Rose on that is
Fe two more letters for today so this
one is from Brandon he also set a load
of coins and they all have their value I
think they're which is really really
awesome 25 cents 10 cents 5 pesos
where's peso from let me read the last
but yeah he said he's from Philly
and he always watches the vlogs that's
awesome an the last air for today is
from Rio's back cause he's from
Georgetown who Jana and yeah she says
some karcsi from his local town which
looks really really cool so take a look
at this this is a thousand dollars from
Bank of who Jana I've never seen
something like this this looks like a
very local currency but now to enter
there's no time let's open the one and
only packet that pic so thank you for
your layers they were super amazing and
just for a smile on my face mommy was
wearing her little bracelet you guys
daughter but now we need a knife to open
this so yes okay you know what now take
a knife oh there we go okay all right
not too bad what is this
this is Tim oh and Lana this is to mow
the lawn huh this is to the mother and
Lana now this is the mower Lana I'm
sorry my mom sorry nothing's for here
nothing for you oh yeah let's open these
and see what it I'm trying to feel what
it is I think it's a phone case no oh my
god wait hold up guys hold up that is
amazing
dang-son for custom phone cases let me
open me up oh my God look at that mobile
hugs and it's like the yellow decide man
that is awesome and you've got lot of
favorite number 786 there you go that is
that one and yeah this is the final one
okay this one is crazy cool guys this is
mad that isn't
vented or shaped phone case Wow
one way to end today's meal time guys
for phone cases shout out to my boy
Kamini for sending these by I appreciate
them but look at that you got so many
coupons this on my favorite just looks
awesome Oh blogs brought up what up and
yeah that is just epic man anyways guys
that's gonna say a huge thank you to
everybody that sense in things are super
super awesome you know got mummy more
her little bracelet she's gonna keep
forever my mom loves bracelets I'll see
you guys more for another look I love
you will as always and yeah just just be
you guys keep pushing forward in life
chase your dreams down like guarantee
you if you go for the post event IG you
will succeed in life anyways see you
guys some more yellow Yolo goodbye
