yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today is actually started a really
really weird so you guys couldn't
already tell I just came out this
morning to see this on my car which is
really really ridiculous and it doesn't
get much more so as you can see somebody
came and vandalize my car by like
putting whatever you called I don't even
know silly string on the car or whatever
and he gets worse because the people
that actually did this sad to say they
live in the area this is their second
time they've done this and both times
they've been on CCTV so the first time
they did this they did it on the floor
somewhere over here I didn't really care
and I'm not something normally to vlog
about situations like this because it's
ridiculous and pathetic but this is
their second time and their second time
on see Stephen I don't I don't
understand why they would do this and
the thing is they know about the channel
100% because I know the people that did
it because sometimes I go by and I see
them giving funny looks and stuff which
is kind of pathetic to be honest like
his haters your real-life haters in life
anyways we actually have just cooled the
security over and we're filing a police
report and we're just gonna give all the
footage over to them and see how they
handle this like it's sad to see
somebody get into trouble over this like
obviously we never like to get people
into trouble but when you're doing this
constantly and harassing us like what do
you thinks gonna happen anyways you know
we're just gonna give it to them see how
they want to store it out maybe they'll
just say let's give them a warning or
something I'm not too sure to be honest
I don't really care let's continue the
rest are they actually have something
really cool planned out today I'm
heading out with my boy Raschid and
we're actually doing something really
really nice so yeah let's go and see
what's up over there anyways let me just
quickly take all of this off guys
because I need to go out and I don't
want to go the car like this but yeah
let's quickly just grab this off the car
nice to get it off the windscreen as
well yeah we should just wash it a
little bit nice and clinging boys nice
and clean
Oh engine on
okay let's head out and go boys nothing
gonna stop us today son whoa let's go
okay boys we are back at the spot
haven't been here for a while whoa
Open Sesame Open Sesame
Terry go I worked on the second try
hi boys I just made it to my boy Raj's
house and he's got a couple of cool
things to show you today and then we're
ending the day with something really
really awesome
yeah something nice something really
really nice the money kicks is an action
again boys thank you so so much he's
actually really close 100k fathers guys
so let's make sure he hits it down
Instagram and yeah let's continue the
day are you guys ready to see the most
adorable leopard in your life
look at this thing that is my hand guys
and it's almost the size of it Wow look
at the prints
yo that is crazy our small this guy's I
feel scared to just touch it feel so
like small you wanna hey buddy what's up
what's up oh my god baby oh my god they
even have baby Cubs guys but this guy's
my favorite he is so tiny
wait is he poopy is he poopy though oh
my god I think he is No
the way he's standing guys I think he
might be peeing oh my god
yeah I'm pretty sure he just peed by the
way this is the baby Cubs they have
they're also really really tiny what up
buddy but are you running to the Panther
Oh guys look at this he's on me so this
is actually their first baby leopard
that's in my hand which is adorable he
wants to bite me but I got tiny he is
like he just walks around and oh like
he's smaller than my arm like that's how
tiny they are anymore
what are you doing yo what up dog the
little baby Cubs thought I needed
grooming so he's licking my hand yeah
no that is crazy you see him yes that is
mad does I think I'm dirty though no no
he just liked to play with you I just
buy it yeah these guys are how uh I
think one one yes super young oh yeah
this guy's not stopping the bike guys
he's like they really like to play fight
and stuff so that's what he's doing
okay he's gonna fall he's gonna fall all
right here here you go here you can have
my hand you can on my hand all right you
know what guys I think he just wants to
jump on me at the moment
oh yeah what up buddy
what up what up buddy
you like my hand yo guys this guy is
like the naughtiest cub ever he just
wants to fight me this guy absolutely
loves me now guys he just won't let go
look at his adorable face what a buddy
okay boy so I just brought both the
 together with my boy and they just
love him more than me now look at him he
used to be my friend oh then you ain't
loyal brah
yeah no I know I remember you from last
week
oh wait I just bring this gonna turn on
it's about to get real the sprinklers
I appreciate yeah I'm gonna go this is
better get out of here you better use
that line everybody happy thing isn't
 he's like he's lit he just knows
that you're saving he's like yet I'm
gone to see that see okay so all of the
Cubs you've just been seeing are
newborns that were like 1 months old and
really time you guys saw how small they
are and it's just so cool to be around
them I mean they're adorable
I sure like my sister will freak out
when she sees this because she really
loves baby Cubs oh hi guys so we just
finished up playing with the Cubs with
the squad as you guys know the main
reason we actually came out today is we
thought since it is Ramadan the month of
giving and we planned out to give out
lots of meals to the labor workers who
are less fortunate so that's why we
actually came here today to meet up
we're going to go head out we prepared
like a lot of meals just to hand out to
them and hopefully this video inspires
you guys also help out it doesn't
necessarily have to be giving any money
or anything even if this part is show
yeah it's like even if you guys could
participate in any charity events just
go there for an hour and help out as
well that'd be amazing anyway just head
out and see how it goes
there please alright time to get him
boys let's go Wow is boiling in the scar
right oh wow I press this to turn on the
car oh my god that's much better okay so
we just made it to one of these
buildings that the labor workers stay at
and actually it's pretty cool guys I it
somewhere different
okay we're gonna weigh so I'm not sure
what you guys so we just came over to
the spot where we're going to be giving
out the food like the buildings whereas
a lot of the workers - yeah and it's
actually pretty cool you walked up here
I'm holding my camera hard cause I don't
want it's a full bar it's just like a
new experience you know it's always
awesome to do something like this and
they were playing badminton down there
you know my hand is shaking I want to
drop my camera
anyways the food is inside we're gonna
start giving out now and yeah that's how
I gotta figure out more vlogs over here
in the Russian
success is incredibly important but even
more important than success it's having
an impact it's knowing you haven't
walked the planet in vain it's knowing
that because you've been here you've
blessed lives
you develop people and you have made the
world a better place the effect you have
on others is the most valuable currency
there is
life is a mirror and life gives us not
what we want life gives us who we are
you guys ready to eat alright guys so we
just finished giving out the food it
felt pretty really awesome and it all
went down smoothly so you guys enjoyed
definitely was a great experience and
just like giving out is always great and
yeah I think we need to go eat now I'm
starving right now so the food is ready
I'm with my boy that nun and the rest of
the boys right now if you can see that
the food is laid out right now and we're
just waiting for is on so you can eat it
wow I'm so tempted right not just to go
into that I want to design I got you're
gonna start yeah we just finished up
having our foodie burger cost and there
was just amazing manager she was amazing
it's just like yes yes a new experience
yet happy you know you feel good about
yourself and do something like this and
they're just awesome amazing people
sounding new about our Channel yellow
you guys like money kick twelve logs
over that yeah you're like a badminton
court over here they play I might wish
every like challenge I think would be
them we're actually good at every sport
okay Anna oh we used to be so good at
the recent it's washed actual sounds
like a professional video of this on his
channel ad log their bit and yeah you
can check it out on this channel by the
way guys let me show you some of the
cameras we were shooting with today this
thing is like twenty thousand dollars
like full 4k it's the size of like two
of my arms it's just ridiculous and yeah
the whole was like the footage we got
today awesome awesome stuff guys I'm
sorry to say I never knew rush it was
just spying on me this whole time
we just found his wire me and
overexposing yeah we're all wired here
we came here for is aggro okay we're
officially heading out now
bye bye they were like the most adorable
cats over here and today i was actually
miked up I never use one of these mics
like
Ilan's that they attached you anyways
but let me take this out whoa
long day boy long day all right let's
start the car and turn on the AC okay we
just came to quick
but I know I'm starving I had to show
you this car regardless a gorgeous
yellow Aventador wow that thing is a
beauty
bumblebee kana we're all starving out
here yeah Zaki yellow lacking yeah
all right we've come to bowling and
rockets going first he said he's gonna
be us he said he's gonna be us no way no
way no way that is so lucky
rocket got so lucky on that first try
guys go again it's gonna be a straight
miss it's gonna be a straight miss no my
bro Adnan is going
you you suck laughs tell me what that is
ah you say I belong oh let's see what
you got mo blog there goes to strike Oh
bill Oh to the left come on come on you
can do better than that you can do
better than a logician jinx me take jinx
with me guys like Norma it strikes hi oh
that's going to be a garrulous off
oh boy oh my god
Oh daddy oh this is gonna miss
everything I push that
like longer I go there all the time has
come mr. mo vlogs will do the strike and
it's a strike Oh blows here you go boys
Russia this is strike oh there you go
and that is how you heal 100% strike so
the thing is guys our screen is stopped
working and it's just basically it's
just basically unlimited bowling for us
right now so like we got two lanes here
and they just constantly keep going I
think it is both of them are open
it never stops all right you're Scott's
right guarantee is going to be in the
car gonna be in the car guys
you guys know that we sold the car
yesterday and for the ad online I
actually with my boy Moe's number and it
was a very fascinating arrest right now
hey look at this guy
I can check out these messages guys hi
do you have Range Rover for sale
sorry sold it called me it has to be a
million times I'm like yo I can't use it
like five times
oh my god I can't hear you send me a
message how much was assault and then he
called me called me again thirty minutes
later oh I can't hear you how much
leather sold
I'm like 120 K sorry for disturbing
mister what is your name hi oh no even
they found out with my
an example of math
it's sold
ah
what do you say do I want to fight you
why would I want to fight him now you
sell a car I mean I sold my car but I
want to fight you'll fight me for the
car
sounds good sounds good
yeah this is an awesome
Iowa oh you wanna fight me with a gun
anyway Joyce I'm heading home for the
hell that was so so funny I'll tell you
a story mind if you guys don't know my
vlogs have a two day delay and I just
released a vlog and in today's vlog I
mentioned that the car was online and
he's just been getting spammed out with
cools of whatsapp numbers cuz in the
photos like it's on the phones you could
see our cars like my sister's Lambo in
the background and since then like he's
just been getting spammed out so he's
going home to quickly take down the ad
cuz the cars been sold as you guys saw
yesterday but it's so funny
the guy was like I'll fight you for the
cars like move on
what is this ridiculousness so I
actually decided to come over to the
divine wall to me out with my sister and
her friends and that might be out with
my friend after if I get the time to but
today was actually a really awesome day
like he is a feeling it gave me today
when I was just like giving out the food
it's like it just it's like a positive
vibe you know and that's the reason we
did it today so hopefully it came across
like that because we were just doing it
just like you know I gotta say myself
anyways let's go inside see where they
are ok guys so I just met up with mommy
maulana another midlife crisis right now
yeah it's just like sweet it's terrible
right now yeah it's good when I when I
go to the son-in-law in the morning
light dishes happened is like bad I just
covered anyways there quickly rushing
home I took like loads of photos like
this I was like who were taking photos a
letter K I'm gonna count down from 3 and
take it on like a three to one and then
I'll say yeah
anyways we're gonna quickly head up home
sign make the blood stop and yeah catch
you guys there two days back-to-back
line my nose is killing me right now
yeah yourself checked it's not normal
we'll see let me know in the comment
section if there's any way to stop it
this is normal like to get no fees like
he we were in the park number one our
daily
yeah and it's funny I've taken so many
photos I just so if you see photos
online of me holding something on my
nose now you know boys I made it home
with the family my nose is a little bit
red but the bleeding is kind of stopped
which is a good thing
I'm generic we take a shower so I can
just get the rest out of it because I
think when you're having a nosebleed
the best thing to do is you set all the
blood out the system I'm not sure if I
saying this right people tell me this I
don't know some people tell me get it
out some people say lean your head back
I just try and get it all out I think
that just makes it better for me
personally but yeah I'm gonna video take
a shower awesome that we had a very
eventful day like we started with the
car and then we went did that thing
which is really awesome just giving out
the food and yeah it's been like a real
big mix of everything I don't even get
time to do anything in regards to the
car so maybe I don't know see you
tomorrow
I'll let you know what happens in
regards to the car situation I mean
hopefully it's just like a warning and
the people just don't do it again like
that's what I'm hoping good as I said I
don't like getting people in trouble
like that's not something you want to do
but if it has to come to that like I
mean that's what it is right one more
thing when I go to my car my nose is
bleeding I met two a few guys and they
were gonna put this on my car but
because they saw me they just gave it to
me and then there are you're right about
the nose thing where it says put this on
the blog or put this note in the blog
yeah there you go so yeah thank you for
giving me that and you let me go take a
shower right now I kind of feel the
blood in my throat and it's really like
disgusting so I need to get rid of that
all right now that I'm taking the shower
guys I'm just gonna end the bloke here
because I want to try and get my nose to
be better so I'll see you guys tomorrow
as I said any suggestions would be
awesome how I can just fix it up somehow
let's try like bend my nose all that big
 or either let me know the content
areas they also already I love you all
today I had a great great time just
doing everything and yeah hope you guys
did is well stay awesome love you will
yell you alone good boy
