come on grab on I know you got it
this is a code how do you make this go
down what's it like that
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so you guys probably know where I am
right now and it's been a long time my
friend it's been a long time since I've
been here but we are back at the peel
boxes to get some mail so let's see
what's up
now that's ours mommy that's ours oh
okay alright so I just got all of your
packages as you can see this is all
gonna just get stocked up because you
got so many boxes at home so yeah the
weather actually feels so nice you know
because inside there is super cold and
in here it's hot so it actually feels
nice coming out into the heat and you
just go home and yeah continue the day
I've actually got something kind of cool
and out today which I'll tell you a bit
more about in other were home I want to
say I am seriously falling behind in
mail times like this is what we got
today those are still all on open but
the thing that I wanted to mention to
you guys that were doing tonight that's
really hilarious and I don't even know
what's going on exactly a base it you
guys know ski to buy the indoor ski
place here and Dubai basically they sell
something new and we're like one of the
first people in buy it to go check it
out where you can sleep inside there I
literally have a tent and sleep inside
where it's snowy in code and I was like
you know what why not let's give it a
try and we're doing that tonight at
10:00 p.m. we were going to have a
sleepover in the snow park I'm actually
seriously starving right now I can't do
anything until I eat as I'm standing
next to my mom waiting for the food to
get ready she's doing her best guys look
at this she's making mole blogs his
special mule whoa what is this chicken
rice and we have potato chips which is
pretty cool I guess
you know that's how we do it and look at
this this is what you cool my friends
used to call this rock basically what
this is it's bread fried bread basically
fried bread at the ball of the pan you
fry the bread spray cool right now is
actually watching well I was allowed
what if I've been
when it's uploaded I could go through
like the first couple of comments and
somebody was like I'm gonna go grab some
popcorn to watch this and I don't know
why that really made me feel like having
some popcorn so I think I need to
alright so hard finding okay there you
go straight in my face let's have some
popcorn boys whoo
now how do you turn this on is that
problem all along
do you hear all of them pops that's
gonna be the night popcorn alright so
the timer just ended and I think my
popcorn is you're all I am such an idiot
guys it does say take off the blast oh
my god I completely forgot to take out
the bag oh oh no no no it's just melted
onto it now holy moly damn it's time to
have some fresh popcorn we're literally
in one hour I'm gonna be outside the
comfort of my house no eating nothing no
popcorn and I'm gonna be in Antarctica
basically sir I'm enjoying my last bit
of pop horrified leave the house and
that I'll see you guys on the other side
then all right guys so everything is
packed up and from now on it's gonna be
an adventure if you can see my sister's
got like a whole sack I don't know
what's in there but roses I'm good it's
getting pretty hectic today so we're
gonna go time to article right now
everything is going to happen super
quick let's go for an adventure I hope
we don't freeze we got everything we
prepared ourselves as much as we could
and yeah we're in for an adventure
tonight boys we'll see you on the other
side who's scared you know so I don't
know how this happened
all three of us are actually going
inside mamamoo is joining us
we're greatly gonna put on our overalls
and go inside whoo we're all going to
Antarctica today anyways they're even
quickly pulling all of our clothes we
got you got the boots guys we got the
overalls mummy mo is coming I'm floating
on my top I've got like three layers
under here and plus I've got my booty
because I have feeling that feeling very
cold inside and look at all these airs I
have a game I've got one that's two
three I've got four layers on here we're
ready guys
we're ready for this and I'm going to
need to get some gloves guys find out
about those four layers is know about
I'm adding like the fifth layer on now
oh I don't want to get cold I hate
having cold so we are getting wrapped up
we look so ridiculous like that I've
realised they've given us like a whole
bag of like extra things like scarves
and everything yeah baby give us flops
look at this boys they even gave us hats
that looks adorable that Oh
take the camera oh that's so cool guys
as you can see we're geared up ready to
go
ready to fire boys we are fully ready as
you can see we strapped up we got like
50 layers I'm boiling I'm feeling like I
look at these guys
holy moly hi let's go I look like a
thief right now I look at me with my hat
like my momma sisters hats looks super
clean oh yeah look at that
listen to your mom and stay warm that
that's good advice that's good advice
oh yeah keep it keep it we need
everything we can get so before we go in
there just showing us around in case you
go to cold
y'all just a zoo super dope they've got
like blankets and everything Wow
like a little home inside this place so
don't worry we're not too badly off
today guys if we feel a bit cold we got
our blankets on hot water here and
basically everything we need this is a
VIP suite type area anyways now we're
going to go into the real code if if we
feel kind of cold we can come in here
rested a cig be all right out of the VIP
room we go thank you that's good let's
go get some action guys I don't need
that room cuz you guys know I like the
cold anyways I'm going to be there
tonight
my first time alright guys we finally
made it inside the snow area it's pretty
cold now I feel good that I wore this
much oh it's steaming up anyways you're
gonna go I don't know where we're going
exactly I just know that we're supposed
to be sleeping here I think until 12
o'clock the public is here it's
currently 910 ago so in two hours time
everybody's leaving except from us so
yeah right now we're actually going to
be walking up this slope running down
there rolling down the hill we're making
our way up the hill if you can see that
I feel like I'm hiking up like Mount
Everest look over there they have the
tents over there near that
everybody's gonna be sleeping here
okay so we're actually going to be
playing off our own tents let's do this
I basically I'm gonna watch you do it
that's my role today hello yo what's up
man how are you anyways right now we're
setting up a tent guys how's the yoga
squad hi boys mommy more one-man-army
over here let's grab a hand
look at this boys this is the funniest
thing ever rebuilding tents in the
middle of the snow you put it through
here
and then pull it back pull it back and
then stop in just go bang boom there you
go oh yeah you did it badly something I
just found out guys at 12 o'clock all
the lights are being turned off and we
just have torches so all of the lights
are you see now which is lighting on
this base are gonna be like out I don't
know how exactly this is gonna work it
should be bring interesting but quick
new in the last one hour I'm gonna go
use the rides because we can actually
access everything here which is pretty
fun so yeah let's just get the tent set
up and then we can go and do the right
Lanna is now a professional tent builder
show them how it works you don't look
like a professional to me bro what are
you doing I don't know what she's trying
to prove today oh there you go
that was amazing and you made a tent
today ah no a day
we haven't done that what were we doing
yo yo squad round two guys he's gonna do
us a trick again let's see what's up can
you do this a good job boy is actually
pretty easy once you learn the technique
of it okay we are now hiking down the
snow mountain to go see where the fire
exits this is a fire I don't know how
this is possible guys my camera is
steaming we've come outside straight
from the ski - bye guys my camera just
went from my minus seven degrees to the
heat that is why it's dreaming so yeah
okay we just finished with our fire
leaving tutorial whatever you call it
fire exit now we're gonna go on some
rides boys let's go let's run
look we got is optimality running
welcome to my new crib here Lana's new
crypt or guys what's inside there damn
day guys donate to Lana so she can buy a
new house at the mo she stuck with a
tent hi boy so we had to come over to my
favorite ride ever which is these
fearful shagger instant i absolutely
love this thing
yeah I'm good
oh I'm scared for a moment reason right
that was cool
that was like insane guys my hat like
flipped out look at my hair my mom is
the next one coming I think I told she
vlogging she gonna vlog it oh my God
look my mum is trying to back out there
I'm trying to convince her to come
hopefully this I will be her cross my
fingers ah I feel like I'm George Lee I
think that's it
whoever is is going in slowly sir is
like mommy more what is she doing that's
the easy way mommy that's cheating
mommy you cheated don't you just roll
down there he's in Hyrum blanket oh
let's go home we're all gonna go up the
ramp guys and hopefully I think the
bullet you know that zipline thing
should be open mommy mode is absolutely
frightened of heights oh they only made
sense if we took her with us so let's
all go see what's up
anyways we're gonna go with it good I
don't think mommy is going to guard the
stone with it but we're going to go on
thank you tip might happen several sure
can they see it ah or I like the end
what the hell right yeah we're honest
over there right now
let's do
my head we're actually quite high now
show them the four guys I look how high
we are show that ah hey time to go on
the zipline boys mommy there's only one
way down
that's only walking working today
there's no other way you have to garnish
the plate she's looking around bursting
warning don't worry we got this okay as
much as we tried to convince my mom to
go on the zipline guys she is refusing
to do so so she's gonna I let's go
okay well my mommy maybe next time let's
see how heavy I am guys I'm a large hi
boys holy moly look at the view you get
from here guys oh my god guys we are
going all the way down there I'm 100% in
here right I am understood I'm scared
like something my legs are I don't know
why I do this to myself like look down
there and it's not it's a very scary
view
ah-ha-ha-ha
yeah my sister is on top of the world
guys they're behind her
you're the safe one right now that was
so cool like mommy messed up big time
you know on that right but you know
something is quite scary
if usually lost the shoe - yeah I don't
think it was a good idea to bring her
any way to do it so it's time to take
off all the safety equipment boys that
was a pretty fun ride yo could you
imagine these were holding us up these
two things that's the scary part man I
promise you my hands are becoming harder
and harder to feel like we need to start
moving their organs like the feeling in
them this is how you heat up in the snow
start running here alright we made it
back to the tents boys it's freezing I
know we're like getting like pumped up
right now for all of you who are stuck
in the snow when the heat up start
exercising Conte sure I don't know what
I've been told but this is mighty cold
if you come to Garcelle some snacks
they've got hot chocolate here they've
got some hot dogs
yeah we're raiding the coffee shop to
make some food check this out they've
got marshmallows
they've got M&Ms yep just take the whole
thing oh my god they've got whipped
cream as well they've packed some good
stuff I know the pole just come on grab
on you got it
it is recorded this is something we
definitely need guys look at this
this is hot chocolate on the go look at
the steam what the hell is that thing
there's like a massive machine coming
into the ski slope I'm running that is
massive
it's like plowing the snow up one of
them is coming towards us it's come I
know it's coming towards us yo yo stop
brah
ah there you go it looked like it was
coming for us okay so the lights have
been turned off guys I was wondering how
it looks like but actually it's kind of
cool like if you look behind us over
there all the restaurant lights are
still on so it's pretty visible in here
it's not completely dark or anything
I've come all the way over to the
hospitality suite guys yo mami mo in the
building Holliday bust torches dad
that's pretty cool Wow me Mom are the
holy two people in here so you can
probably tell who the lazy ones are like
we just hit a lot of still in man
there's no somewhere Oh someone's in
someone's in oh it's water yo oh yeah
yo this I know who the lazy family is
the only people using this room who know
something guys basically my sister
really wants this rocket Hawaii all
right since there are three torches I'm
just gonna just gonna grab one you know
just just put it put it put it under my
thing you know what wyden why not - guys
this is that should put all the torches
in my pocket I'm just kidding guys
that's what the hell it's the other
thing is they bought you know these they
put them numbered so nobody can even
take that look guys they've got numbers
on everything this is number eight
number four
I'm number seven I was hurtful yeah it's
survival of the fittest
yeah put whole war in there no work guys
fill up with that you like for money in
the jungle I'm trying to grab everything
Oh movies look look at that boys we're
filling y'all with boiling hot war yo
bro you don't need a lifetime supply of
all were that's enough okay so you got
some supplies from the VIP room guys I
got my hot water sack if you can see
there they've got like torches and
blankets anyways hopefully you can
survive in there like another cabinet is
with everything that we got
there it's crazy it's freezing
a body and my against colder guys this
is the craziest thing that we've ever
done
you know how cold it is I have this much
like steam coming on it
laughs you're like you know Pokemon
character like Charizard
anyways guys everybody like kind of
sleeping until God but low temperature
are you guys all asleep
for know who you are hammer in a safety
room is gonna go over here this isn't
like get out by yourself
the hot dogs are pretty cold guys like
still left in here for an hour is still
pretty cold
oh there's soup oh my God look at that
guy's
damn that soup is steaming mommy boy
she's freezing the cheesy oh my god dad
Wow
times are rough now it's nice yeah bro
I'm good
is it that cold
there's so much noise down
we're like on a construction site
guys I'm dying I'm dying help me alright
so it's actually becoming really really
cold now I think we might leave you guys
like it's very cold it's like at night
it gets some minus 11 degrees which is
ridiculous like this this bag is already
cold over here I'll go in my tent right
now Lana I don't know what she's been
doing she's been fixing up her tent even
though probably leaving soon
she's like for a whole bed her old
mattress it there but yeah my mom is
actually starting to like freeze if you
can see that yo what's up mummy mo us up
yeah you're the one that hurts to leave
how the hell does that ten how
what are you doing crazy all right we
need to get out of here you lost your
mind did this is my tent over here shut
up
but just like you
it's actually pretty warm you know I
think these tips
I like heat insulated I like it actually
stops the cold getting in so
pretty cool you know I didn't think I
can get used to but you can I want to
show you what happens to your phone but
it's like freezing code it turns off it
said no battery but it's switching back
code you have to heat up your phone guys
or it will die yeah it's because it's
super cold so will the batteries like
turn I don't know why let me know in the
conversation but they turn up all night
heating up my phone right now you know
we should do routine we should do
routine
pretty good mister think he's trying to
keep himself warm with this dance
routine guys what you live watch me
Naenae
watch me wait what time is this it's
pretty warm love it good luck
hi guys ditch baby you guys left me you
guys are not gonna fit I'm gonna be
alone in this tent tonight guys
I have to turn forward you guys took
everything from you in my hand what
would you took my horrible look at them
they took everything from me you guys
stole everything oh my god I believe I
can fly
how's the best action show I've ever
gone you want to start just right go on
let's do this
join us Fitness with mowing the snow we
got this boys hi this is we got this
boys your feet did not lift off the
ground look how close to me are to this
whoa that is some high-tech stuff there
don't do it just double please Wow hello
for those of you wondering that is how
the snow gets flattened out it's got
like a really cool find
anyways boys we're gonna head off home
now had too much fun over here but we
need to go back home and check up on the
cats because obviously left at home
alone today we're going to do that now
we're packing up as you can see and yes
I should run pretty fun today not gonna
lie it's a very different experience
like
- by its I don't even feel like of the
device feel like I'm in Antarctica right
now somewhere in the like Malians
anyways I'm going to go ahead of home
let's get everything packed up and yeah
he wants to get to the car and it's
going to look completely different a
very exiting the ski divider yeah yeah I
know okay boys check this out so I
thought I'd look like a gangster okay I
thought I look super cool but babe that
is one of the most hideous hairs I've
ever seen take the camera I look
disgusting what that is so Alex okay
move that down if they want to take this
back not giving it back on that not too
much of the liner it won't go down
oh wow how do you make this go down
watch it like that it's not even this
one part is going it's like ice looks
like too much what there's no way
Amira's back way they tell me to give
this battle fighting oh my god I look
like a bit help yeah what's wrong with
my ears oh right I look like an elf oh I
love school okay yes I've got everything
all right let's leave the VIP room and
go home yeah I got everything right this
is the emptiest you're ever going to see
the more guys like there is nobody in
here there's literally nobody I feel
like we're here to like rob something
wait how do we get out
there's no way to get out it's closed
guys we have to go through there that's
like there's somebody there all right
let's go
normally that is where you go through
guys but there's a metal barricade now
so I'm not sure exactly how it was to
leave okay it's soo there is a thank you
whoo all right thanks again see you soon
bye bye
it's 2 a.m. now we're walking around the
mall and all the shops are closed
there's nobody over here there's some
weird noises going on
whatever that is it's moving and I want
to get out from under it quick it's so
weird so weird walk around the mall
empty especially when all three of us
look like robbers Aylin yeah you guys
are nice in your hats I look like a
thief inside like a tracksuit on and
like a black hat and you know what's
even cooler like normally in daytime
like you see that that fountain over
there you can't take your photos it's so
busy but we can do anything we want to
right now let's take photos we can go
see in a restaurant and just take
Instagram photos you like your dining
over here this is one of the coolest
photos I've ever thinking guys next to
the fountain and normally this fountain
is on but because it's not and nobody is
technically supposed to be here it's off
so this is like an exclusive abandoned
mall tour with Lana and mold as always
everybody I'm gonna wrap up today's look
yeah I hope you have enjoyed today's
vlog has been very different to normal
mode blogs blog it's been very unique to
say the least but yeah I'll see you guys
soon for another epic look I love wool
if your faces met so many ask you to buy
that were just like recognizing us which
is really really awesome but yes they
awesome love you all Yolo Yolo goodbye
