what up what up guys welcome to another
vlog so today I'm finally gonna be
opening this packet which has been
singing around for a long time and you
best believe there is some cool things
in there okay I'm gonna be honest with
you guys I know what's in here because
this company called CN direct hit me up
they're like this wholesale website and
data's told me I could pick out a load
of things that I like for the vlog so
huge shout out to them I'll put their
links in the description but without
further ado let's go into opening this
box and are you ready to see what I
picked out because I went all out with
ridiculousness
let's get into today Mel time so one
more thing I want to ask you guys is
when the company was sending me a load
of things Lana came in and made my boss
kit which was about ten items into 44
items 44 so that burger tee let's get
straight into this and we ordered the
most ridiculous things ever
let's see what's in the box what I'm
gonna start from this corner guys
because I already see something poking
out your boy got himself a baseball bat
so now if anybody tries to come hear me
I am knocking them to hello
oh yes Mel since this is a massive box
and I don't want to take anything one by
one we're just gonna rip off but okay
take that part and just not pulling
yeah let's do this I got this I got bro
ah baby
ah boys look what we have here
we got emoji plushies you don't know
about that every single moji in the game
that's what's up we got it all right so
check it out guys
your boy went and ordered 20 poop emojis
cuz I'm a boss
I am a boss that's what's up guys not
one not two we got 20 of these out here
yeah well that's why they're Oh poop so
you guys know we wanted to decorate the
house for a long time so I went ahead
and got some cushions
whoa baby let's do this you want to
start decorating the house yeah why not
come on do it you got this world's
fastest poop opener
oh yeah
and there you go guys
that is emoji warfare oh god that is
what you cool more color in this house
oh this is a good idea
infinite poop warfare whoa we still got
more baby we still got more all right
guys so as you can see we got like so
much poop over here that you can just
lean on I think you'll make a really
good backrest this is what your good
decoration baby that is what you call
the best couch in the world okay so
after a little bit decoration let's
continue and see what's up I want to
show you some of the random stuff we got
now I have no idea what this thing is
okay this is something I was researching
online about it's like a beauty
treatment thing that
looks like a shaver nice microneedle
broiler okay my sister went and bought
herself a roller with needles on it
because she wants to just poke her skin
with needles that's what saw okay so the
next thing I decided to order was a
balaclava guys holy moly I don't know
why it was one daughter on their website
yeah I ordered four for me in the squad
that's what's up - okay
don't wash yo don't ask me why I got
this job like oh my god I just thought
it'd be really good to have this with a
baseball bat and take a ball don't ask
me why my sister also ordered some
earrings guys I don't know why I let her
order her stuff like she got all of the
boring stuff like she's like oh can I
pick out like one dress and then it
turned into like 50 what the hell like
these are old dresses guys that my
sister picked down thank you
you guys thought we were done there none
of it the same guy sent us two more
boxes failure let's keep going guys I
have to quickly run upstairs to get
these luminous shoes we got any these
shoes boys BAM let's get straight into
this are you real
he check it out check it out these are
elevations and eternal hopefully they
have battery precision I don't know I
really don't even know oh yeah there's a
book I got it working it hey first
Emotiv there's a body inside there
that is crazy hey keep pressing the
button guys this is awesome look at this
imagine wearing this more people I got
the black box for myself right oh my god
oh my god oh yeah Oh
anyways thanks again for the huge
package CM direct I appreciate it so
many emojis guys I think they're poop
emoji cells are gonna go up like this
week look at like why do we have so many
orders of poop emojis I want you guys to
spot the odd one out right now okay can
you spot it can you spot it bubbles I'm
trying to take an Instagram photo right
now and you're sleeping next to my emoji
cushions
our boys time to head out long as I she
wearing a fan piece that one have you
sent her a while back you guys look at
this this was like in that remember that
like golden box we died yeah she got all
of that anyways let's go out we actually
wanna go buy some furniture hopefully
just to add to this house I I swear the
more and more we decorate it looks
cooler so you want to decorate more you
know and is that's gonna drive you can
drive today oh no you want to just drive
just drive the damn car drive the damn
car dude karaoke in the car
alright fine I'll Drive your driver the
drivers oh by the way I want to say one
thing we actually met one of Lana's
first fans at the door today those like
this adorable little girl Thanks she
watches my fake updation redone I
couldn't believe it was the first time
it's only came to the doors at that the
thing is I went outside I was like hi
how are you and I was like doing a photo
or anything she's like I want Lana I was
like what I didn't thank you so much I
calmly even got one support to cease all
enjoy my videos it meant so much to me
and I'm going to smile in the face yeah
really makes me happy I will try my best
for you guys to make more videos one
Lana support down let's do this yo all
right so we just found this really cool
store that's so secondhand stuff and I
mean like yes they can have luxury items
and they've got if you don't know what a
Birkin bag is just like really really
expensive bag you're like $15,000
$20,000 and stuff like that so
let's go inside and see how much they
are yeah I've read already want to see
how much they are cuz they look like
mint condition yo look asan the things
they have like they're all like antique
of cool and vintage somewhere by the way
I'm considering buying a Birkin bag like
this if you didn't know let me let me
tell ya let me teach them about Birkin
bags as those bags have the five year
waiting wish no joke you might be
thinking what are you on about mo I was
like five niggers I was shocked about
what like I never knew bags with this
exclusive man that's why I heard that
their investment but you know I don't
understand if their investments I just
asked inside that orange almost 35,000
guys but brand-new a 60,000 so and what
type of investment drops haul yeah I
know some specific ones like you see
this one color certain like modules of
it that I heard you look better bag drop
25,000 in price we'll talk about
investment is that I think if you buy it
is your position maybe you've not
touched it oh yeah me maybe it has like
conditions to I don't know
I absolutely love this more awful guys
it's just so cool to boss buy it looks
like you're in a tropical island yeah
it's just like it's like a string and
war just goes down it so satisfying like
they tempted us so badly before he left
this place I saw ice cream and I want
ice cream so oh hello what are you
getting today it looks so nice
- perfect guys Ilan is about to ask on
the dumbest questions and history notice
it say we're gonna ask please please
mister how can be hop and off the scoop
I asked in Finnish bitch listen I will
record you I'll just be down I'll be
down a quick pit stop for ice cream boy
yeah we are them and they're like no you
can't do it you cannot do half and
hoppin they just do that it doesn't make
sense of how is he gonna hide when Lana
resign scream comes out boys you know
what to expect
we've finally found ourselves some
tables for the living room so a lot of
found this and it looks amazing it
bling-bling-bling it oh look at that
guy's eye it's completely flat its gloss
but under it's got this like crystally
effect yeah buddy
so that's gonna be cool today we made
ourselves a blinged-out house and the
thing is she was gonna get that as well
so I finally managed to convince my mum
and sister and this is going to be in
our living room guys that looks so cool
one feature they just told us about this
okay look at the line guys if you move
it left or right it always continues to
stare you see that that is really cool
like oh my god it just follows you
around which is like kind of creepy but
cool at the same time what did I get
what did I get your boy got a lion a
lion and she's jealous because she
didn't want me to get it okay designing
the living room one way I'm selling in
their way and it's like two different
ways let me know if you guys agree like
but they're not the same time there's no
balance because what you're doing is
like us I'm trying packing you out yeah
I told them two liens on either so it's
gonna be a horse on one side we can have
a dragon somewhere we can make it you
can make it anything you want to oh my
god I just found something that I'm
definitely buying it's a chocolate
fountain nature you know okay sorry
sorry mommy Mon Lana I'm definitely
getting this guys there is no way
they're stopping me no I - I'm buying it
- I want it mommy I want it mommy I want
it it's a chocolate fountain maker I
don't care I know I don't care my belly
is big and it's just gonna get bigger
yep I'm getting it that is epic right my
sister just saw it yeah that's it
perfect on the dot 400 200 and 400 you
have a thousand dirhams right there
shoutout to my friend a douche guys you
hooked us up with war all our weight and
yet what's up that's what's up
thank you appreciate we're just sittin
waitin here and you just came in with
some more much love man much love this
is one of the coolest rocking chairs
ever like look how it works guys it is
so cool even the stall is rockin guys I
have a whole rock layout here wow that
is like for the most comfortable rocking
chair ever ash little baby don't you cry
Mama's gonna give you a lullaby
like such a subtle rock hey alright so
we spent a good two hours in this place
guys and we finally got everything right
let's go oh oh yeah
finally boy everything like oh my mama
sister take ages they're right there
with the trolley but yeah now you can
finally leave thank you so much thank
you Oh some people here they always help
us out with more shopping and yet now we
can go home with everything let's do
this now you have to say what's the
special ward
what's the special word okay you got it
that's the special oh my gosh follows
about the way this is your new toy
bye guys so check it out oh my god this
looks really cool wow you don't even
need the war in there guys so here goes
nothing I got the war guys
that's the pump that's for the pump yeah
turn the third turn to pump off
Hey whoa look at that that is epic
bubbles wants it so I think we just need
to add some more war guys Hey Hey look
at that whoo
Wow I love this so much you see guys I
have great taste in furniture say thank
you to all say thank you to mo for
picking this guy's as soon as we got
home she's like oh my god this looks so
cool
and there's moisture to my man dj khaled
for this you know he inspired the lion
so we had to go and buy it it looks
super cool now hey hey look at that
bubbles is going to have the time of his
life with this thing hey what the hell
is he doing anyways guys I'm gonna wrap
up today's vlog here hopefully you like
our new house this is what it looks like
at the moment wanna give us a smile give
us a smile just to show you're satisfied
with the outcome and yeah that is that I
decided we just like divide the poop
emojis onto the thing as well and I just
think we've done an amazing job today so
if you can all get a round of applause
for mo designing the house daaad be
really appreciate whoa that is that
thumbs up if you think I did an amazing
job cuz your boy came through with the
artistic design we got awesome fan art
paintings and a lot of shit
no pun intended I see you got some more
for another vlog hopefully you enjoyed
stay awesome happy everybody hopefully
this design makes you small cuz I I
really love it like I genuinely love it
no joke I think it looks amazing anyways
love you will just be happy yo yo lo
good boy
