yes yeah everyone good morning and
welcome to another vlog so I am over the
moon right now as you guys can probably
tell I just woke up and I have less than
20 subscribers away from a million
I'm just mind blown right now I want to
thank every single one of you that
supports the channel oh my god we are
getting so so close right now my heart
is dropping ten away ah
we are 708 600 my god is gay close it is
getting really really close right now
holy moly yeah it is so close right now
oh I hit a million subscribers today a
million draw a million all right boys so
we are super super excited that is a
brand new car over there and that is my
new car boom your mind legit fell apart
look look at it my pot yours this is the
botys thing ever
I don't serious no I just honestly thank
you to every single one if you fellas a
much we really do appreciate your
support and yeah it's actually a really
cool story with this car but first of
all let me show you how it looks like
let's go
alright guys so now that you have seen
the new car I want to explain why this
is here because a lot of you might be
like where the hell did this come out
more okay basically this car is
technically my car however a friend of
mine that left the country she wanted to
sell it and right before she left she
gave me the car to sell it for her cuz
she didn't have enough time but it's
legally my car now until I sell it so
yeah that's what I'm gonna be doing for
her I'm just gonna try and sell it for
her but until I find the buyer that
means that this car is gonna be with us
so yeah we get a new car in the vlog and
to be honest I know how much you guys
missed our Range Rover so we have a
Range Rover for like a week or two I'm
not sure how long it's gonna take but
yeah this is gonna be in the family so
it's such a coincidence I got this car
today as I hit a million and that is why
I put the 1 million play on it guys look
at that 1 million subscribers and I get
the Range Rover we're currently 1
million six hundred and sixty eight and
look who got home yep bit late to the
party now bit late yeah let's see what
is the next Cuse your 600 subscribers
late I hate you guys you missed my party
take that take that that's what's up
that's what's up yeah now you made it
late to the party my computer back go
away go away you guys are haters you're
not supporters I hate you
yeah the weather is so cool today like
it's so cloudy or misty by look at the
buildings it's like a sandstorm is going
on today which is pretty awesome okay so
I just picked up the car right now and
he's absolutely filthy guys and we're in
for a little car wash as you can see so
yeah that is why the car was absolutely
clean when I collected it from my friend
it was filthy and like right now I just
collected this so we kind of went back
in the vlog to when i collected it and
yeah i'm just in the car which it's
getting like soap coming on it now whoa
all right every side has been soaked up
now I think it's coming to side a a
y'all remember our Range Rover guys it's
been a long time a man
what the hell just happened guys the car
just got filled up with like colorful
foam yo that is so weird and we are done
so I'm gonna be completely honest I've
been so so confused as to what to do in
my 1 million subscriber video and I've
come to the decision that I want to do a
giveaway right now me alone we're gonna
head out and buy a couple of cool things
and the only two rules to enter this
giveaway are be subscribed to the
channel which I'm sure most of you are
and just write a comment like it could
be anything it could be like yo yo yo
what's up or mo I love you it could
literally be anything just comment so I
know you want to be in the giveaway and
yeah right now we're gonna head out buy
a couple of pieces I think I should get
like a camera maybe some shirts to sign
I have no idea let's go that also gives
me a reason to drive the Ranger today so
yeah let's go and get some stuff for the
giveaway on this car she smells super
nice boys again let's get the radio
pumping uh I don't even know how to use
the system on this car like I know we
had a Range Rover but this is completely
different okay where do I go huh audio
that's hey hey
hi you know Lana mummy more stew inside
what the hell are they doing what up
what up what up come into my Range Rover
son you lot my new car
you know I really like this is would we
see that that's what you call luxury
boys that's what you call luxury okay
I'm not sure if I didn't do properly I
know when I got this car I swear it
doesn't honk okay let's try it
are you saying I'm sure I'm supposed to
sell this car for her like how the hell
am I missing Dede fiction reason yeah I
fixed my man but how does it call yo
describe sure I must be doing this wrong
right oh it worked what was depression I
show them show them the wheel guys are
kids okay so I thought you have to hope
like this right it makes sense right but
no you have to press these two Oh
that's war hey I'm sorry guys but
without a hug it's quite dangerous
driving it patience why I've never seen
a car honk with these two metal buds
I've never seen it - I was so stressed
out all night how like we're actually
thinking of getting like an air horn in
like I want you out the window like then
we have a sunroof ooh all right now
Oh potty rocking to the house tonight
I did say that I got this from one of
our friends guys and you know who you
are she see himself left her eyeliner in
the car I'm sorry I'm keeping that
friend if you're watching this I'm
keeping that why not he left your
eyeliner so I'm keeping this Oh what is
that my sister is the one she's looking
around to see what's in the car and she
just snooping she's snooping on the car
and she's found eyeliner there you are I
swear I keep thinking this our old car
looks so so similar hi let's lock the
car and go okay so stop 1 we just picked
ourselves up a vlog camera guy so for
the myung vloggers we got this which is
pretty good apparently so it's an SX 610
I get a lot of emails people that want
to start vlogging but don't actually
have the camera so hopefully this can go
out to one of you guys but I want to get
some different stuff now so let's go and
look around for maybe like your shirt
that we could sign like maybe like a
blank white t-shirt that we can just go
crazy with so yeah let's go find that
we're in another store right now and we
came up to a decision what is it
yeah yeah that's what's up guys so I
thought I was gonna go get a GoPro but
then I decided you know what you guys
want to start vlogging with like a vlog
camera so why not buy another camera so
and another one double the chances for
you guys to get into vlogging there you
go if you guys make it like taboo device
that will just make sure to shout me out
one time when you're big guys kids you
know your boyhood joke with your first
ball camera don't forget that lying
camera number two boys there is what up
what up what up y'all look at that
Lana's hands are shaking guys they were
shaking she didn't want to give over the
money we thought we'll get you guys try
and search we won
and we took why not and a is like a
souvenir and a memorabilia for you guys
when the mo blogs channel hey hey this
is what you cool boot space guys all
your stuck outside say the special word
alright where's the but I can't even
find it special word is thank you
lie on your bravery say mommy screaming
mommy mommy you're opening the door oh
ok as I'll say guys Oh what are you guys
opening the door for I'm trying to drive
he's okay
I'm pretty sure all if this is blow the
dark guy so let me go ahead and turn off
the lights Oh
can they see that yes Oh Oh everything
here is like super glow-in-the-dark we
finally arrived home guys and check out
these cool shirts we got for you all oh
my goodness look at that there's
different colors and we've got a pink
one over here also really cool I picked
this one out guys someone who loves me
went to Dubai and got me this shirt
totally awesome we're gonna sign all of
these shirts for you guys and hopefully
the lucky winner will get these or the
camera so yeah guys try right so check
out the cameras guys just to show you
what we're giving away these cameras
giveaway BAM
future bloggers this is your chance to
get a really nice camera so go for it so
the way I've actually broken down this
giveaway is if you want to win the
cameras all you have to do is be a
subscriber and comment down on this
video but for the t-shirts however since
we did get to girl ones and to boy ones
I thought to kind of like split up the
audience if you are a girl and want the
girl t-shirts go to my sister's
Instagram follow her and you'll have a
picture up of the giveaway all you need
to do is comment on that however you're
a boy I want the t-shirts I'll have a
picture of my Instagram follow me and
just comment on that picture and you are
in for that okay but as I said if you're
somebody who just wants the big prizes
like the cameras commenting on today's
video would just be enough so yeah
without further ado let's go into
signing the shirts I really like them I
think they're dope I hope they stay I'm
not sure they're permanent or not but
let's give it a try too much sure I have
your winner please do not lose your
clothes this is just a souvenir guys
don't worry
I warn both blogs as love assured once I
know what we're gonna do it anyways more
critical opposite
it's okay guys just don't wash your
shirts one day to make sure we got
permanent markers and k guys all right
let's get the siding mats right yours go
to understand yours go to understand oh
my god is this your pajama oh good good
I just signed - just sign it ignore it
ignore the pajamas guys no these are my
own oh these are my old one soon oh I
just want to like test it if it like
rubs off No pretty good alright guys so
Lana is making the first signature off
the day on the shirt alright and that is
Lana's autograph guys
BAM hey and now it's time for your boy
ball to my face alright so that is the
giveaway guys you finally finish signing
them pretty much every single shirt
looks the exact same if you can see and
yeah I hope you guys win all the details
will be in the description in case you
didn't watch the video and still don't
know how to enter but yeah that is that
so the end of today's look I thought me
and my sister would react to some of
your snap since it was all a few who
supported the channel I thought why not
get you guys featured in the blog so
we're going to open up some of your
snaps put you right between us - and
yeah that way we'll all feel like a big
family so let's get reacting - saw your
snapchats double vlog save it bro
congratulations on your 1 million video
haha that's enough - you know mommy
thank you crack there's so much you
trusted your goals your family's so cute
especially
she's so people forgetting you but eh eh
ah thank you so so much I appreciate
that
listen we've got this million and
there's more to come to me what because
that's the mentality had a million 1
million won yo I'd say this - just get
weird every single time I'm sure crazy
is that built I'm doing there's a face
up with a strawberry what the proper we
are medium you get because yes more
rocks ready bro oh that's great that's
one man will close one time man I've
been watching vlogs for like a six
months now I like it I like it I like
you too man I like you too hello mum and
what's up I want to be in your vlog
today I should shut up
thank you Miss America
what's a yo-yo Fogg you know like a
quality me and I feel you I feel you I
use CDs that's a million subs oh thank
you Oh
wah wah music drew Oh fingers been that
way Oh
ubasti I think well you know brothers
you can't be a fraud yeah what me and
subscribers - 1 million subscribers food
man you bet we're on oh yeah yeah yeah
the way you're less and less
enthusiastic
ah thank you so much much love Oh what
was that for boy thank you find that
beam on that is getting the bleep air
they stole that snapchat I would a wrap
up today's look here hopefully you guys
have enjoyed before I wrap it up I just
want to say thank you once again to
every single one of you I know I keep
repeating over seriously without every
single one of you supporting the channel
we would not be here and yeah she's
great to have a big YouTube family
around us you the earth God so yeah we
love every single one of you anyways if
you are somebody that is interested in
winning the cameras just make sure you
subscribe and comment down below and the
t-shirts will be on our instagrams which
you can follow right here or in the
description so yeah anyways see you guys
someone for another vlog peace out stay
awesome and post everybody keep doing
you and yeah yeah Leon oh boy
