yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so quickly going out to
do some work but I'm actually really
happy today like yesterday I had a lot
of fun with my friends and stuff and it
was a good like relief day okay mom will
finally made outside guys I'm waiting
for like 10 minutes out here and she
actually has some food with her we're
gonna try and give it to somebody on our
way out why not why not do a little good
deed for the day but yeah let's go I
quickly need to go do my work get back
home and I'm excited you guys are gonna
see why yes we managed to give out the
fruits straight away guys let's go and
I'll see you guys once we get to our
destination alright guys so we're just
in the shops right now my mom has
brought me over and is forcing me to buy
some new clothes she absolutely hates
the clothes I wear and she's trying to
pick me out some like smart t-shirts as
you can see but I really want stuff like
this now it's becoming summer and I just
wanna feel like comfortable right I was
that person I don't really care how I
look I just want to be comfortable but
mommy mall she's different man she's
different look at her she's buying like
formal shirts and anyways I picked out
this for now and then the other two I
stole are really cool like this has got
like a really cool like designed it's
like leaf sort of blue thing anyways I'm
gonna grab some pieces and yeah I'll
show you what I get oh that's nice
very nice that's good yeah thanks yeah
well this was the first shirt guys I'm
not too short like a 50/50 it's going at
signs and hashtags on it it's kind of
cool but I'm not sure I got put on the
side for now and I'll think about it
oh that's number two what you guys think
what do you think good man nice you like
it yeah I don't know it's like yeah I
can meet you oh my
where my arms Bobby would you think I
don't know is it good no yo-yo I say
guys I don't know why I thought this
would suit me I actually thought this
would be the one I like the most it's
hurting I lick my arm in the background
like in their ablation I say this for
sure is No yo how old four shirts I just
tried on the only one I'm actually gay
is the one that my mom kicked like I
thought she was going to pick the worst
one and it turned out to be the best cuz
some of the ones were just too
irritating anyways I'm gonna hop out of
here I was trying with these pants and
they are ridiculously tight and yeah
they don't have my size but I just find
it so cool and you get like a huge
reflection in the mirror like look how
many of me can you see like right in the
comment section I want to see how many
people gets differently okay so how many
boys do you see in that reflection there
is a long
just before we actually head off home
let me show you the decoration that one
of these stores has it's really creepy
like when you look at it there's eyes
closing and opening all right check this
out look at the eyes guys oh that is so
freaky oh my god I'm gonna go the other
way
just take a look at her opening and
closing hi that is some spooky stuff
over there I am out of here P shall I
stop staring at me that is where we
actually possibly first made it here and
I just saw the thing wink at me and I
was like did this sign just wink at me
cool it's been a long time boys
red light destroyers back I've got a
really cool Maserati next to me and you
know when the lights turn green
we'll see who comes out first
yeah you killed it and he killed it he
killed it oh my god that was father it's
actually been like a ridiculously long
time since I've used my hoverboard and I
realize like remember when these came
out how much of a hype there was like
when they came out you thought that this
was going to be like the transportation
method of the future but like nobody
really uses it that much anymore anyways
I've got something really cool I can do
with this it's really crazy because my
hoverboard on this in circles it moves
the whole carpet around it get chance ah
it's like so much that you won't even
stay on it
oh the protein is staying on the carpet
3 2 1
that's what's up
oh geez of them oh god if you have any
politician or mom or
oh my knee really hurts value now
Harriet I've been waiting like half an
hour for my sister to come downstairs
and film a Mel time and
I come upstairs and I see she's crying
yeah are you okay what's wrong I don't
understand not doing yours what's what's
wrong why not crying it's the lens they
cut I don't know what's happened this
time I really it's so you are lenses
that make you cry this time it made me
cry doesn't normally make me Wow so
overwhelming so I don't know I've tried
cleaning it twice it doesn't seem to
change for some reason since we're going
somewhere very cool I can't wear this so
that means is pretty change oh all right
that's much better there you go I really
love the fact that it's got hashtags and
acts all over it which is kind of good
for somebody that does YouTube for me
because it makes sense
youtubers always use hashtags and acts
so why not have it on my shirt sure is
good but I don't think I can pull off
this look with a pair of jeans so I need
to change them dude whoa all right that
is much better
okay sorry for all the cheesy edits I've
been doing recently I don't know why I
just enjoy watching them myself
okay your boy is now ready to go out
looking smart and yeah well everybody is
finally ready time to head out the
crying girl has finished with her tears
and is now ready to go I feel so good
not on wearing a new shirt you know when
you just go shopping and you get brand
new I am and you feel pumped that's how
I feel are you ready
hashtag mode blogs at mo blogs that's
what's up this t-shirt oh my god it is
amazing alright let's go and yeah please
don't cry in front of your friends we
don't want to be embarrassed this time
you know when she's a part of a friend
she kind of gets emotionally oh my god
all right let's go Lana thinks she can
actually switch on Mike off first time
if you fell loser I was supposed to be
third time lucky
so he just made it over to the temer
we're gonna be eating guys and I never
knew this this place is like fully fully
booked out like it's hard to get a
reservation and they've got some really
really cool cars parked in the valley
over here so check it out Wow take a
look at that drop head rolls-royce guys
absolutely amazing space is super super
busy today I'm gonna go head back inside
like he's like a cue to try and get a
spot I don't think you can lie unless
you reserved in advance but we're coming
here with our friends who kindly booked
it from so yeah something I've actually
noticed about this place every single
time we come the color of the flowers
changes like last time it was roses and
this time it's like the yellow flowers
I'm not sure if they're still roses are
the yellow roses or something look at
this guy's
even the main entrance last time if you
remember in the war was red petals for
roses but now everything is yellow today
we finally finished off over here guys I
didn't vlog anything inside cuz we're
just eating
you guys have seen us in here before the
time to head out now and I'll catch you
guys at home for now we are going past
the golden tunnel you guys have seen
this and it's always really really nice
we're gonna head up home and then get
your packages yo I just collected my car
from the valet and there's a tissue box
in here that wasn't here before
alright thank you maybe they're trying
to send me messages like yo bro this car
is filthy
meaning letter shape okay let me show
you this guys they must have put soup oh
yeah it is
Ferrari Rolls Royce just continue
recording Porsche Range Rover another
Rolls Royce would you like it oh my god
we're tissue box yeah that that's how
you know I like it the valet guy felt
sorry for my tissue boy just like hey
booked fresh it has been in the like the
place wait for your foot yeah because
that's on this tissue work some guys
there's a motorbike coming you're the
single bike is flying
are you so no okay now that we're home I
thought I'd open all of your packet so
you guys have been telling you more do a
little time Duhamel time so that further
ado I'll pick a couple of your packets
and let's get into the mail
alright let's get straight into the
valve I'm going to start with this
packet next thing what we've got
oh it's just fragile but this does not
seem fragile at all because little it's
teddy bear or no good at all oh my god I
got a hand puppet oh yeah yeah that is
like an Amul on a fan art that cat guys
dear moe hi my name is Viktor I live in
Jordan I love your vlogs
they are excellent your sister looks
like a cute baby and by by the way I
send your emails please read them thank
you so so much so this one is for you
and this one is for me so I appreciate
my man
much love and yeah Thank You Viktor for
these thank you oh that was epic packet
number two let's see what is in here
this is from Cyprus so I'm excited to
see what we got oh alright well first of
all I got a PlayStation game
let me tell you what's really cool catch
I tell you I actually listen hear me
awfully I actually bought battlefield
for the exact same game and within one
week it broke on me so I don't have it
anymore so I appreciate that
so much a man and secondly what is this
he sent us a radio fine the cats just
like did something big but yeah it's
very heavy by who it is like a break
alright y'all my dad sent me a portable
radio awesome oh it's been a long time
without you my friend let's try and turn
it on dear Lana no my name is
Konstantinos I am 27 years old and I
live in miss Kim y'all have Nick
Castillo yo okay cipher sorry my back in
Cypress basically and yeah y'all know
Janos you're sincerely Konstantinos I
much love my man I appreciate it it's so
cool it's just some adores the old radio
when we were kids we had a radio my
sister had one in there for how we used
to sit there and jam to the radio so
Superdome and I cannot bring back so
many members we used to like Anglet like
ya know Nessa station keep it there but
that is also man much lover man
packet number three let's get straight
into this one this one's a sparkle sweet
Ike I think it says there sweets in here
so whoa oh my god pretty cool let us see
what we got in here
Oh
oh my god okay let me take this out of
here let me see what it is you guys are
not going to believe these lollipops
so they set us lollipops with our own
faces on them if you can see that's me
that's LA night gateway we're gonna take
them out so you can see them properly
okay there you go guys that is me and
Lana space in a lollipop so we can now
officially lick our own faces you know
when you lick your face I'll lick my
face mmm nice strawberry the bat tastes
nice my face tastes disgusting so I
don't recommend licking my face if you
meet me your own life but you definitely
lick that lollipop anyways awesome stuff
and you know what's even cooler inside
one of them there's the Lamborghini
y'all that is thank you my man
appreciate them packet number four let's
do this seems to be a t-shirt and it's
very soft so let's see what it is
whoo that is awesome
I appreciate it it's really soft and
yeah did it come with a leg hey Marvin
parsley I squat for a year now you
brought smile to my face and help me
through hard times so I thought give it
back to you I've recently started my own
clothing so I thought I'd give you a
free shirt and yeah thank you so much
they can get one on eBay I let's get
straight into our lost a key for today
guys boom I I'm gonna cut this bad boy
open and yeah let's see what's up all
right you know what
boxes are always like the hardest open
so much more satisfying to open a box
like that
Oh somebody legit savior football onion
envy that's what's up that's what's up
appreciated my man is so much
ok I'm gonna wrap up today's no time
here I hope you guys enjoyed thank you
to my man Himanshu catch y'all for this
awesome soccer ball and he said it is
officially a 1 of 1 soccer we'll look at
that anyways I thought I was really
awesome thank you guys so much for
sending in your things we really do
appreciate it and it does bring smiles
on our faces and here is if our offer
today is law I want to show you the
aftermath of Mel time we actually had to
bring the left there to get some good
lighting because I'm not sure if I
showed you but all of our light bulbs
have burnt
except one and I'm pretty sure something
in there is Foley that's made them burn
so that is now our light source and this
thing is heavy like this is pure gloss
like this whole thing is gloss oh it's
not that easy to move and you know we
have to carry it here just for male
times for now see you guys tomorrow stay
awesome happy and positive everybody
don't let anybody bring you down I love
you all you guys are just amazing and I
appreciate all the support you need on
my videos it really does help out and
yeah just just live your life get your
goals and work hard alright stay awesome
yah Yolo goodbye
