yeah yo everyone how are you all doing
it is a beautiful morning today look how
sunny is so basically this morning Lana
is wearing this is stuff that you guys
sent her by the way everything literally
everything from the clothes to the watch
to the necklace to the earrings to even
the tiara guys this is what you call a
fan person I don't know what you call it
fan love and love anyways we are
actually going to open a couple of
packets and I'll tell you why let's go
inside because actually pretty funny
okay so basically guys the other day you
might remember I opened a packet that
looked this colors like this yellowy
color and I mentioned that one of the
fans in my email said your bro open my
packets the yellow one it's the yellow
one is the yellow one and I opened what
I thought he was talking about but it
was completely wrong and basically it
wasn't this color that I was most open
his packet was this one this looks kind
of orange II do not blame you guys I
thought this was orange so to make sure
I open the guys packet I'm taking out
everything that looks kind of yellow
from here now and opening you because
I've got so many ero saying bro oh but
my god it's the yellow one so yellow
orange I pink anything close to yellow
we're opening right now this kind of
looks yellow I would give that yellow
stamp and finally this okay these are
all the colored packages we're gonna
open and I know this is weird we're
leaving all the white ones for later
don't judge me guys I just want to get
this guy's packet opened
anyways ready for this you look like a
pharaoh guys that's why I told her by
the way she looks so like ancient
Egyptian or something I don't know why
it looks cool though it looks cool
alright this is how you know it's time
for fan mail oh yeah
you want to do the honors yes anything
colored we're opening do you want you
want you want
don't play with knifes kids don't play
with knifes the first packet is going to
be this orange one I'm pretty sure this
is not the one we're aiming for today
it's going to be this one I'm pretty
sure guys but as I said anything orange
a yellow I'm gonna go through because of
my mistake I made the other day look at
that boys look at that Molag that is
actually pretty cool thank you so so
much yeah it looks awesome that's like a
Minecraft Vanna it's like this game
online yeah that is awesome
there's no name anyways thank you so
much for this my man I'm ready to
appreciate it I couldn't find your name
I'm sorry if it's like really obvious
I'm missing it but appreciate that cool
thing it's dope okay this one says two
more vlogs 1 million subs question mark
emotion which was to be like a 1 million
subscribers special happy I'm not sure
but let's see ok first up there's like a
coined in here or are a couple of coins
oh okay there's like money ready help
you here what else is in here this is
from I no idea no idea okay anyways
besides from that we got again I'm sorry
I'm the worst of this guys hey run Lana
mommy boy you inspired me a lot to
videos like your style of blogging I
love your car and Lana's as well those
money are from Hungarian damn I thought
some turkey I'm badness thank you so so
much my man appreciate it this one
doesn't have a name on it either it
doesn't have money 100 of maybe thank
you to the years who actually wait wait
wait Marco Delhi Sean Paul affects a lot
of babies like that's from Marco okay
thank you Mark
appreciate so much and yet thank you for
the Hungarian notes straight up let's go
to this factor you ready for this yeah
what you reckon is in this okay I think
it might be a mug if I'm not mistaken
like do you think you could be I can
tell you yeah and don't run I don't
breathe just such a cheer guys she's
such a cheer she read thoughts in it
like that it's so much baby yeah at
least they can give your baby ball did
you saw a bit you're the name pick all
right just be careful this is awesome
this looks epic already oh it isn't
there guys holy moly he sent me to two
daughters you know these are very very
rare like you can't find these normally
that is epic thank you so much for that
and what is that what is that is this
legit can I see this is $1,000 second
check type thing we are also a lookout
says the Bank of the United States maybe
they're antiques but like no can you
actually trade these for a thousand
that's what I'm wondering
no I think they're antiques mom's Bank
of Florida four dollars they're antiques
yeah but antiques have to be real right
good be careful we gotta be careful I'm
careful what is this guy's dad this is a
year on this oh these are invitations no
no no no no these are replicas of always
banknotes I was wondering else are these
like real basically I think these are
like olden time notes anyways that is
still also I actually really happy with
I'm keeping these guys don't I love the
fact that like this even looks stained
to make it look more legit this box is
actually pretty exciting we've got some
mini money in here all of this
like a keychain money then you've got
this United States Marine corpse Wow
okay
I think these coins are pretty rare look
look at these coins okay
these coins have literally been like put
into this glass to be secured so thank
you for that finally after all of that
money I think this is a teddy bear for
you oh I want teddy
give me teddy there you go you so much I
get a mini one I get a mini other I
think this baby oh you think he's is
baby yeah I know what you yo mother a
baby yeah she stole my teddy bears man
she stole my teddy bears I love them
they are actually adorable SC is there
anything else in here nope I think we
are good I think we are good big big
thank you to my boy Henry for all of
this stuff tenders are adorable and you
know you know I love these notes like $2
$1 and $100 then three are my favorite
notes ever but yeah damn that is awesome
now it is time for the finale the whole
reason why we did this Mel time guys was
because one person really wanted us to
open this ok Lana's tearing into it
damn Lana so aggressive what is that
about waiting for the storm to pass it's
about learning to
thank you so much boom that is what you
call a life lesson guys don't wait for
the storm to pass just live your life
and yeah get jiggy with it all the way
from Cypress and big THANK YOU to
Constantinus we love this to me anyways
huge huge thank you to Constantino for
sending that bye awesome awesome stuff
and thank you to every single person
that said stuff in this mail time we
appreciate it all and yeah it was all
amazing anyways it's gonna be hung up
somewhere in my friend yeah she already
took it I'm sorry man sorry she loves me
all of your like fan R and cool stuff in
her arm so that's going there but yeah
what a good way to start the day love
you all anyways let's continue whose
time Lana back at it again with the
inspiration back at it again with the
inspiration I can't boys quickly put on
my shorts right now I'm actually gonna
head out with the boys see you guys
later
Russia's outside you came to pick me up
let's go so me and your boy watch it
just came over to the boys is what's up
we're going all the way to the
seventieth core by the way guys look at
this building that's where we always go
to get that insane anyways let's go in
hopefully the security recognizes us by
now like they never know us oh yeah
let's go up ideas yes buy him for like
five days straight so they should know
us so let's go in we are going up cuz
I'm all the way up I love that song
dan so I was the top 476 there are six
away from the penthouse I think we just
got to our destination
every time this normally opens the
lights are on by the way I need to be
careful this memory card means a lot
there is so much rage in here that we
need okay boy so I just made it over to
here you got the voice here you got Sean
Malto be over there and obviously rush
it here and there playing some Mortal
Kombat this game is brutal guys I'm
gonna show you like a couple seconds but
not much more cuz I don't think anyone
needs to see this you know it's finite
short is so massive in real life and I
he's getting bad on the getting guys
this is what you cool you have no idea
what you're doing I do did on your hands
and using okay we're actually just about
to head out now to go play some beach
tennis but I really wanted to show you
the view at night cuz I know I showed
you in the morning a ton of times but
this is the night view of Dubai like
there are so many lights in this city
it's just amazing it's really really
amazing just look at that site only up
and like at night Dubai is like it's
just turned up man it's turned up
everybody's out just having fun and
stuff like that that's where we're going
now
anyways boys Kobe is actually staying
here because he's editing some stuff on
his computer to see you soon buddy good
luck with that stuff
YouTube hardwork grind their don't stop
you guys know that and your is peace out
you who left him
so you can focus guys not to ditch him
or anything he's focusing that's what it
is and it's all wait I forgot my phone
just go this guy let's go get it oh all
right I know about everybody's ditching
Coby
he shot gobs good luck with anything I
feel so bad oh really the left so he
just made it to our spotlight literally
we're making this place our home town
like this tennis base shout out to the
squad over there what's up what's up are
you guys doing Yolo Yolo we're just
about to play some tennis over here with
the crew me and Raschid versus we lost
okay nah nah Shawn we got this ready I
loser loser does the running man again
does the running understand okay fine
I'm coming one sake
anyways boys I'm gonna go take my racket
now and let's go play this game I'm
actually really good by the way so Mira
should make like an untouchable force to
untouchable that's what a anyways we
just finished up with our little tennis
thing I swear that thing is like the
most insane workout guys I use threat so
much and every day I said I look at this
sign castle and I'm just I'm kind of I'm
kind of cruel I'm just waiting for it to
go down I don't want it to go down but
like eventually I'm guessing somebody's
gonna hit it with something and it's
gonna fall I kind of want to see I don't
know why I kind of do please all right
safer anyways while we're on our way
home boys I thought I'd share something
with you guys said today something huge
happen for our shit now basically if you
can see that on his phone that's trying
to get a focus on that look at that
guy's that is actually rush it on the
leech times app you don't know what that
is that's like the biggest newspaper in
the whole of the UAE but yeah boys I'm
hanging out with the guy who was already
trying today
that's my boy what's up what's up today
your school so much you you didn't know
that's crazy were like
guys he's been on like how many news
places now he's been on not complex
which is Pooja
and now Khalid sighs that's amazing bro
thank you so much
that is like crazy like here and each
times it's huge I think is it the
biggest if I'm not mistaken here I think
I think it is the biggest and complex
news hadn't featured I think a couple
other places you know so when you guys
watch this like make sure you guys know
me and Mia washed our friends here there
are like brothers man so put me in the
newspaper with man I put as you know I
was literally scrolling down trying to
see if there was a picture of me and ya
know it is yes we put everything about
the cinema - yeah I know - crazy what
else I love this what else
this is the second time back to that
boys I just go home
my mama's sister I out again man I hate
coming home alone like y'all imagine if
I just saw somebody through the window
I'd be running okay let's go inside
together I I don't know why I hate it
I'm a grown-ass man and I hate coming
home alone it's weird
all right let's do this hello bitch eh
all right all right all right no D
playing any no funny games no funny
games over here with me boy oh well all
right all right all right nothing yet
nothing yeah see yeah you better be
hiding I have no idea what was going on
while I was out but this is how the
living room looks like right now and
it's not very clean what the hell I
think the cats were playing with that
box because everything looks completely
messy here anyways I'm going to leave
that right where it is they can continue
playing with that but I'm actually gonna
go have my favorite dessert right now so
if you guys watch this channel you
should know I have this weird dessert
which I love I love having crisps and
yogurt but it's actually been like two
weeks and I haven't had it and I'm
craving it so bad you know like when
you're addicted to something you start
twitching when you don't have like ah I
need my crispim younger so let's go
honey right now so you take two
different flavors just grab one of each
I've got like my boxes over here grab
two different flavors and you're good to
go all you need now is your yogurt and
you did see this is what we needed three
simple yogurt Christmas trees and that's
it
wallah this is what you call the best
dessert you'll ever have boys bam bam
they just take
and I know I sound really obese right
now explaining my dessert but take it
you just dip it in I brought the crisps
get some your Garnett this is just so so
rich in flavor man oh okay you know what
I'm gonna have some alone time with the
crisp and younger guys and our CRT oh my
god guys oh my god I am the biggest
idiot ever again you know what I'm not
gonna have my dessert right now because
I completely forgot I haven't eaten like
I called my mom half an hour ago and she
told me go buy yourself some food I was
about to leave and I don't know what
happened I just forgot so you know what
they put this yogurt away into the
fridge I'm such a goofball I'm such a
good boy you know what that's okay let's
put that right there and I'll be back to
have that later on like I haven't even
eaten our bubbles I'm gonna be back okay
I'm gonna quickly go grab some food do
you want anything
no no oh he wants it is I'm gonna go to
quickly crap I'm sorry but I'm hungry
I'm hungry I promise you I'll be back
don't worry y'all it's Friday and
they're play like clubs oh hello mom mom
we have an emergency guys KFC's closed
holy shit however I just remembered the
shawarma place is close to here our
waiter is this way yes so thankfully I
can go get that okay you know what I'm
actually not that sad now boys got my
show I'm a heading a home to eat guys no
joke look I'm here mom sister two cats
are here and this toy just fell
this is creepy normally how does this
fall it's such a solid object that is
creepy yeah but even then it's sitting
on it you know like wow would it
randomly fall I swear this house is
haunted
this house is so haunted guys I swear
I'm not saying it just for this like
sometimes at night night it was 3:00 and
I woke up and I thought I saw walking up
the stairs
yeah I'm not joking are we I was ready
to run like I'll run to Martha's room
because I was like oh my god so let's go
get a very much closer look ourselves in
at least we can fix you know this house
I swear like recently some voodoo stuff
is going on and I don't understand my
body is getting used on saying this but
I think it's haunted I'm not sure I
freaked me out
how the hell would that randomly for
there's no wind there's no cats around
it yeah it's like solid I saw it
look at this guy look at this like
literally I can barely take off on my
hand and that just fell out like it fell
down and it looks like a spooky thing is
or that's the scary bro man your squad
if you set off some voodoo stuff man
please your your squad like they they're
like I got a plan for more hmm let me
send in this boot you doll no lie guys I
literally look guys we're so scared even
bubbles is hiding look at that guy if
that moves right now I am running out of
this house yo bubbles bro like : at
least protect us man protect us look at
it residing over here
because I Darrin they can't see me at
demons leave demons leave abracadabra
anyways before I should wrap up today's
Lord I want to show you that article
about Russia that we're talking about
it's pretty cool like he's hold over the
hill each times look at his voice how
this rich kid from the buy lives his
life and it's got all of his photos if
you scroll down they were all bunch of
stuff about him and this is what I meant
when I said I was trying to find a photo
of me in him because they put loads and
loads of his bows but you know your boy
didn't make it into the magazine man you
didn't make it but yet thought that was
pretty cool as I should don't like you
know what's something you know is like
on newspapers and websites and stuff
it's just incredible so huge congrats to
him for that but yeah I'm gonna wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed everybody's eating over here you
can see Lana with her burger mommy boy I
don't know what she's doing she's saying
the lie to you guys or hello either one
it doesn't make a difference but yes see
you guys tomorrow so everybody I love
you all by the way quick little
motivation for in today's vlog because
you know we got that wooden board with
that quote on it guys don't give up on
anything as it said like even though
there might be a storm doesn't mean you
need to stop what you're doing just
carry on be you and go forward in life
anyways love you will stay awesome yo-yo
good bye
