hey yo yo everyone how are you all doing
so today is actually going to be a
pretty special day but I'm sure all if
you know that from the title or
thumbnail of this video so I won't say
much more but before we do go out to see
the Magnificent Bugatti today I want to
say one thing I've actually got the
worst luck when it comes to sunglasses
now you guys know I don't usually wear
this one but that's because it's the
second time which I've lost my blue pair
like I don't know where they are
anyways right now my boy Russia is
coming to pick me up and then we're
gonna meet up with the crew and go to
have an amazing day with an amazing car
so yeah I'm gonna head back inside until
he gets here coz it's extremely hot I'm
not complaining I actually really like
you but I don't want to get too tanned
for now so yeah catch you guys when he
gets here and we're gonna head out so
we're just back at Mo's place with my
boys oh hi guys I'm gonna put my camera
over let's just hope I don't drop it
yeah oh my god I don't mess with me no I
don't want to drop my camera yes good
oh my oh my hand is shaking holy moly oh
my god
oh jeez all right god damn that's all
they get that's what we get that's all
they get holy yeah
like nice and easy no okay squad is
rolling out time to go get the Bugatti
oh you want me to do with you getting up
I already sat done reaction
I heard you win a favor us is our
jumping Club shoot but never went I'm
sorry buddy you lost again alright boy
so he just made it over two deals on
wheels and you guys you guys are gonna
be baffled when you see this machine and
this is the Bugatti that Kobe's gonna be
taking out today for his ride and it
just looks insane it literally looks oh
I can't explain I really cannot explain
it I think this is the first ever yellow
chrome Bugatti I've seen I am pretty
sure there's nothing like this my boy
Rami like have you seen anything like
this this is the first of its type man
it just looks so so mean and let's go
round it ah ha ha
let's open the door boys look at that
Bugatti for you Bugatti yeah open that
door Rami
damn son this is crazy anyways let me
close the door this thing is mean this
is super super mean can't wait to going
to ride in it and yeah that that is the
Bugatti since this Bugatti is
convertible the roof is coming off then
whoo that is one massive roof by the way
this is not something you see very
usually as well guys this is a Lexus LFA
they're extremely extremely rare and I
think they go like half a million
dollars ish which is pretty expensive so
yeah that's pretty cool to see it on and
running over here damn look at the three
exhausts as cool stuff we've got you
switched on and ready to go listen to
that engine Rumble boys
whoo all right Coby person Bugatti
things are going to get real now what's
up Mohamed don't forget about that Ahmed
you guys remember him a 22 year old in a
Bugatti that's how we do it so he's just
about to take off guys I think he's just
adjusting all his mirrors and everything
don't panic it's just like almost three
million dollars in your hands the first
time it happened going I was like scared
I can feel like he's feeling the same
way as me
how was it that's not like a gin
okay we've got the entourage as you can
see Hey
this is like a dream come true right no
idea I never doubt even we ought to
drive this car this more than my future
is it 22 years old that's actually a
record-breaking age I'm in the body the
aleutian up amid the lobby put the money
down and bike because I've got my whole
team first pass we find my boy Ahmed
what you do matters
love it
right now I actually have no idea where
anybody is boys but the Bugatti I just
literally came here the doors open
there's nobody in this car
oh my god damn what's up nothing much
come in come into my car man is this mic
or not mine I can't have it no damn it
guys it's our I think we thought you
might start sponsoring me you know I
think they might see that I see the
potential in your boy more and yeah
who is this guy than just almost gaming
some car but no idea what's most fun
yeah I think that guy's a fan right like
why is he getting
why is he approaching me and my Bugatti
like who does he think he is you get out
guys
this is one point of view Bugatti looks
like we got it goes all the way up to
430 damn son damn I met back at it again
with the fast cars hey what's up man you
a fan you found some old ocean huge fan
of the move oh he on a picture I
hear ya what about our productions give
me a picture he's here all right turn it
just turn the thing on so I can try
countin on my car man don't turn on your
cookbook there you go boys just just a
standard day in the moblins life again I
got a lot of fan just wanting to take
pictures of the variety and stuff you
know just standard procedure as you guys
can see
thanks a lot they see some people are so
nice it close the door for me in a new
area okay so I actually never knew this
guy's so basically the guy was running
low on fuel refilling it but it has two
tanks one on either side which is pretty
dope and they're actually filling up now
like this one was just filled up if you
can see why this is one of the tanks and
if you come around to the other side
they're filling up the second one then
that is awesome never knew that 16
cylinders of pure muscle look at that
guys if you count them that should be
sixteen eight on either side Wow
oh my god I think I think that's him I
think that's him is that is that muddy
kicks
oh my bro please sign my hand sign my
hair again there's another empty car
today look at this they just left let's
take this car done sure I should go
around yeah dad ready yo your doesn't
yeah let's go
all right so I know it's pretty late
right now and the weather is dark but we
just finished recording with the Bugatti
can probably see it coming over here
boom look at that beast damn what a
beauty mount would it be does that do
how did you do what you do then what's
he do that's amazing
anyways boys it's been an extremely
extremely hectic day but if you're
wondering what we're actually doing
today Kobe was actually recording a uber
prank now I'll give you a sneak peak
right now BAM three two one and yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed that little
snippet behind the scene but it was a
hectic day you can actually check it out
on his channel I'll leave it in the
description of this video
wow the reactions were amazing amazing
stuff like people when they see a
Bugatti roll up and it's an uber drivers
like well I thought it was a Toyota I
got him yeah got him but knows insane
can't believe it man and yet you shout
out two deals on wheels for giving us
this Bugatti man it was amazing sick
that was amazing anyways really good
we're gonna go with our normal life's
for now we're gonna leave the Bugatti
get back in our uh you know you know to
us and it's peace out guys and see
you'll nurse a day peace all right Kobe
get out my car now that's it
that does that's what you get it for
yeah you didn't take me to dinner you're
kicking me hey shout out my boy what's
up man high five
damn you made it at the end interesting
you missed all the reactions bro one
more thing before I leave guys I've got
the keys and I just love switching this
car on so let's put this in and just
listen to the engine one more time
damn boys this is one view you don't
always get to see all right let's pop
the key in there put on the brake and
let's turn damn alright now this is time
for the fun part
whoo
you're the rocketship over here going on
yeah let's look at this picture any look
that I'm the species wow this car man
this car I can't get enough of it it's
like that one car but you're literally
sitting in 2.9 million dollars Wesley
hey that's right boy that's right you
guys so we're done dad I'm actually
gonna guess small little ride in the car
because I was like you know what you
guys were missing out on the drive today
so let's go on a quick little drive with
this beast and see what's up bro
right
his cars powerful
right listen to it
that's nice that's nice every single
time miss Barnes enjoy
every single time
like a two minute drive and you can own
the sign of your life in this this is
Oh
Oh point of view Bogart riving ah
another one ready
this car the adrenaline rush yet with it
is just
doctorate level like are you ready for
another one
1000 0
this car anyways it's just me and my boy
shocker in the car right now taking it
for a small little spin we're stuck in
traffic but this car Oh Oh like the
smile on my face says it all doesn't it
okay ready
Bugattis biggest challenges speedbump
boys but once you're over 20 how it
sounds
Oh
down like the
power producing they just scare you guys
let's go again
this car never gets old I can push you
always love the sound it makes the sound
of the turtle is just insane
and I've never heard any other car like
this but that is really what makes this
car special every time
I probably seem crazy right now I rarely
seem crazy but it's just how much fun
I'm having this thing I'm sorry for this
ride boys I'm just scaring my boy over
here like it's like please stop the
accelerations but no y'all having fun
it's just an insane car and it's just an
insane car you cannot not put your foot
down I look at this guy's Mini
whoo you're probably like watch out
watch it out I've got this boys lost 10
seconds and you know what we're about to
do
okay well we read it back alive like a
driver yeah I feel like you're forced to
say that with me being next to you but
no we got a lot of fun we're going to
help out now and yeah dad that was the
best like ten minute ride of my life the
first time I drove this car because I
was you know the nerves and everything
made me go slow but this time there was
no nerves like I felt confident in this
and you saw that whoa whoa I that's it
that's that that is liking for the day
now
that was insane fun Baba Bugatti Hobbit
thank you so much appreciate it good to
see man and see you next time on the lie
all right thank you Matt sounds amazing
stay awesome bye bye hi
whoo wrapped up today yo what's up oh we
did rock paper scissors again rock paper
scissors know what - no no no no I went
early as a high but I need to be there
oh I'm sorry man I'm sorry I did you J
was that good
you look tired as hell boy dude that
it's not easy filming while you stop to
put some petrol in the car clearly gonna
go into the gas station I think hope you
went to get some peanuts or something go
exactly sure but I want to snack myself
as well Kobe wait yang you know what you
need
chicken give up is that is alright this
kicking about I do like the vines well I
just got a hot dog ah that's how I do
bein good anyways I'm gonna go find
myself back at all how do I do it no no
you don't tell them to do it tell them
to do it guys that that's how you know
he's not do being as he says he was
about to grab the hot dog a boy you just
take out your religion this is chicken
woman's be made the beef I thank you
boss man they're so New Yorker in man
New York is in New York New Yorkers in
the all right can I get the other one
then ones like a cheese Dutchess
and this is some New Yorker stuff guys
all right oh it's a desert nice or not
go start it store that's right right
okay so we just get went through the
chocolate bar guys the ER we finished
our food but I had to show you the
dessert they have over here it's a mad
delicious and my boys fighting this up
when I serve myself my god you know with
the gang wassup everybody over here
Kobe Russian mole and Romney your boy
the white M&M and yeah I'm gonna dig
into this mr. Cadiz absolutely condition
give me something on the other side and
yeah man I had to break the dike for
this so I couldn't even up with living
cream and overall guys today I didn't
get spent too much time
guys
all right leave you guys peace say two
more so God thank you for watching a
moment all right catchy okay I just made
a homeboys I got dropped off with my mom
and sister actually out at the mall now
anyways let's go open the door so hi
guys we are finally home
and yeah with mommy more over there um
my brother's just sleeping here oh yeah
yeah he's pretty tired I'd no idea what
he's been up to today he's abandoned me
and mommy mo today yeah how was your day
what did you do
I woke up in a new Bugatti you didn't
take what I thought you take me for that
yeah I know sorry guys this time more
didn't take lana or mommy more yes we
were hanging out like having a girly
timeout cuz more is busy and yeah
anyways I'm off to bed guys I'm super
super tired I'll see you tomorrow stay
awesome love you all
yanli Yolo good bye guys do you like my
earrings look this is a fan mail look I
said I just had to show them this is a
good boy no I just had to show them look
you guys sent me this this is so cool
and by the way one of the fans sent me
this um tattoo no I'm talking about guys
this one yeah these um what's it called
hard watching cool it's not focusing oh
my gosh come on focus
you see guys this is like those tattoos
to stick on tattoos they some it's
pretty cool so I've got like the silvery
one there's black ones there yeah it
matches my nails so yes thank you guys I
totally love you Oh looks so kind and
you make me happy look at this are so
pretty and yes sorry I just I have to
share it those boring thing I've ever
heard
yeah
and okay bye guys bye alright sorry guys
I've been talking to Maya Yolo I keep
looking in the wrong place so it's that
alright see you guys bye love one
