the yo-yo everyone welcome to another
vlog today is game day right now I'm
going over to a meeting with my manager
so yeah let's see how this goes hello as
a guy I didn't tell you all send me a
couple meetings today which was pretty
well so hopefully in the near future
some cool stuff should be going down
right now I should heading up home so
yeah that's where I started my morning
was super early don't blame me for not
logging inside like I was tired guys so
now we're gonna head on home and yeah
have a good day
we're home somebody please I know when
they're gonna come to the door three two
one tada
I'm a genius six hours later hey guys
what is up today me and my phone we're
about to go what up so you know a couple
hours there made it back from the
meetings a estar some puff dough energy
and maybe a long long day guys I told
you up into like meetings like four
hours they but fine time to head out
it's like Campea but you know everywhere
yes pretty Lake has been up all that
last night doing some work yeah
hopefully today we can make it back
earlier let's do this last night yeah no
because I wore like with the editing I
was like in my camera this thing right
here you hey this guy's broken and he's
annoying so
you guys last night we had a better
finish yourself don't do that alright
and yeah that's it out let's go see
what's up I'm actually trying to go to
this really cool place right now so if
we get there I'll block your free bets
to check if it's open mom and you're
just gonna make us go somewhere and then
we're not gonna nervous we'll see we'll
see so you come over to this like mini
Center it's not really a mall it's just
got like a couple of shots and this
place is pre insane like number one it
has like a climbing hole like this huge
climbing wall there's like a whole
obstacle course guys look at it look
over there you can walk over there all
around like the mini Center they have
yeah we could actually try that for a
blog but right now we're heading over to
this like they have it's like I don't
know if you call a coffee shop a
restaurant but it's like made out of ice
like the seats or ice everything is ice
though let's go over and see what's up
here we are guys so I think it's still
open it's like inside there and it looks
like it's freezing everybody's wearing
like these huge jackets okay here we go
I'm playing on the huge jacket like this
is the type of stuff I wear in London
guys oh yeah what's up what's up okay
it's gonna be like freezing cold in
there let's go we're going inside the
sub-zero place oh yo I've never worn one
of these hats in my life and yeah this
is my first time oh okay we are ready to
go it lost precaution guys you're gonna
wear these boots seems like it's gonna
be pretty cold damn son Oh what are
those those are massive so you're going
into Antarctica the little blue guys
their feets right had these
shoes on yes I don't remember that I
don't remember that but yeah let's try
it for ourselves speaking with you guys
wouldn't like say to our members yeah
gee divider like bernisa I'll be able to
handle it
oh hey I got this noise I got this
Lana's not giving up guys she wants
everything gloves boots she's like nah
ok are you guys ready
where are you
guys you're like in that corner right
now that is a big day
work backwards for a minute
it's like a disco inside of your guys
they were like losing everything I wanna
I wanna I want to get out I just
realized guys the entrance Archie came
through has the coolest parts they got
like a huge throne and if you look over
there or he just came in look at the ice
artwork over here this is I think old
his coffee shop in the world guys like
what's up the right you know what I'm
really funny you guys like if you want
to be able to go through here like look
at that JD it's like you're in a freezer
like you know the freezers are safe with
like meat inside that's how it's like as
you come into this section our back out
I bet if you want to go back in you have
to go through there again it's so cool
it's like it feels like you've stored
meat in there then you're like oh okay
it's a coffee shop but it feels like you
know where they put me
you know where they put like meats and
stuff like into their freezer rooms
that's what it looks like let's get back
inside now
oh my god
there's even like a slide dad look at
the slide guys they've got like a little
slide for kids okay by the way guys we
just realized they've got like a huge
transformer guy over there which is
awesome dang-son and check that out
that's like the size of two of us light
lawn is down here and the transformer is
up there it's absolutely freezing oh my
god
the thing is like okay look at this bar
section they keep their drinks cold in
here like what the hell oh my god and
this is like where they have the hot
chocolate and stuff we're absolutely
freezing by the way yeah oh my god as if
it wasn't cold enough they turned on the
AC what the by the way they might create
like you know these like spike I see
spikes like you would have the mountains
which is pretty cool and it should have
so many cool sculptures it's like a
camel and they've got like a huge chair
over there which is just awesome if
everybody else left here guys are the
last ones oh my god
party rock into the house tonight no for
the only ones in this place yeah that's
what's up that's what's up let it be
Nardini dodo feed I didn't know that I
believe that any of you yo yeah oh my
god we were too much to do so everybody
else is here we
one guy is crazy oh yeah this one
started to melt on this side whoa for
now I'm gonna finish my hot chocolate
because it is freezing yours is like the
bar you left your hot chocolate at the
bar
how did they take yours oh well your
phone you shouldn't have left it
Oh three two one oh my god she was let
loose oh my gosh what is she doing
got in my bar oh wow oh my god no you're
just getting the Slovo without that was
the bad dolls just bad I don't know what
she's trying gosh she's trying to get a
cool photo okay I want everybody to
print screen' it okay three two one go
whoa okay you weren't even in the frame
your head your head just like pumped out
for a second again I get mummy speed
don't lift off the ground
mummy jump okay three two one
boom yeah al-asad okay i'm gonna finish
off my hot chocolate I want to leave I'm
freezing I see there thank you so much
okay I'm freezing time to head out
there's no way oh my god okay we were
just about to leave this place guys and
they've got a whole bonsai tree in an
ice cube like have old love
anyway it's time to head out as I said
like a hundred times it is freezing code
let's get out of this refrigerator guys
time to go home I think oh let's go I'm
cold
whoa yo my hands I can barely move them
we're ready to go back into the here
this you're really good for your skin I
think like it's nice to change and now
my camera is fogging up that's great
they watch time when they call it to the
heat I just take this off oh my hair is
a mess
everybody is stripped down now boots off
time to go out no yo I didn't even wear
boots I just wore my shoes my camera
will not stop fogging up on me like I
need to scream like four times here you
go one more time for you guys but it's
just constantly fogging up yo by the way
shout out to my boy sure and I just met
him when I came out and he watches the
vlog
what's up any messages that here is got
any shoutouts anything uh
nothing I'm happy to see you I'm happy
to see you my man
y'all a yellow piece all right that was
actually super dope man you just want
for life we out here you know that store
yeah that's exactly our gonna say
we went to the store to buy my
skateboard and he said they have a much
bigger store in this Center and here we
are look at the size of this thing is
just ridiculous they've got like massive
ten more oh no it's got everything I
look at this this is what I meant when
camping equipment
you got your binoculars you got
everything out here oh my god this is
the stuff I like whoa these things I
don't know why I like knifes and tools
like proper Cammie
this is the type of camping that you
encounter like polar bears and stuff
like that this is like get ready type
can fit something I actually really want
guys is a bike and I'm absolutely in
love with these bikes the ones I've got
like these massive tires like look at
the size of these things
yeah this is like a proper off-roading
bike but they're kind of expensive I
think there's one over here I am Not
sure yeah yeah look at this table I told
you is expensive check it out guys look
at that guy's this bike is 17 thousand
dirhams this is the section I love
kayaking oh we need to do that we've
never done proper gaiking oh sorry
I just kicked that a hit her oh my god
oh my god
Lana's posture is 100 percent correct
and she's got the boat over her head
guys oh my god the champion does it
again Lana Rose lifts a whole boat I
wish they had fish in here I'll just
grab it and bubbles here you drink the
war bubbles does this he's like he's
like let me drink this
fungus or cracky we can catch a fish
with this thing it's like oh my god guys
I caught her oh there's a hook on the
end of that oh that's dangerous okay
sorry sorry we just found the coolest
section ever okay wait not this scuba
diving section you know what's cooler I
just bought something really cool look
this is a spear gun oh my god this is
for fishing I know but like that's crazy
yeah it's like you shoot a fish with
that oh my god
yes hello huh how are you what's up oh
by the way guys I just ran into Abdullah
while I was checking out these Spears
have you checked these things out this
is like raphy you have you seen the IE
oh that's that's cool anyways thank you
so much man great to have you on the
vlog remember Yolo Yolo don't forget
that and yeah peace out to you as I do
it oh really
yeah that is super awesome guys my boy
Abdullah just taught me that this
doesn't even have a spear in it so I
can't shoot myself even if it's pointed
towards Lana okay that's what that that
was the one I was like if I shoot that
with a spear just suddenly pop out but
no you found the money box oh okay I've
been waiting to put all my money I
wanted you guys sent a really cool album
but it's not big enough for all of the
money Seoul I think we need a box so
let's check this out yeah about that
money box
what the hell type of money box did you
guys find me I was actually excited it's
like a ah it's like a fork in life box
what the hell yeah look at this mode we
found you a cool money box and there's
got like a whole bunch of ultimate yeah
but I still got Forks and knifes how the
hell are you baby this my brother oh
this this is just gonna be a random
money box look at that if we have this
in our living room I don't think
anybody's gonna visit our house anymore
they're gonna make cranky we just
entered a jungle go in let's see what's
up
camping on this thing you know the duh
duh duh duh it does not feel stable at
all okay I'm getting out of this before
she pulls her head down
Lana's never actually tried to combine
is just go to cabana or Ulis let's swing
okay be careful I'm not sure like what
the weight limit for this thing is and
my I don't know just try it
it's make weird noises oh and there she
goes guys bang and now all you do is you
swing no no that's how I supposed to go
trust me it's so relaxing trust me 100%
and a rock little baby don't you cry
Moe's gonna give you a lullaby okay it
seems kind of unstable I know I'm super
excited in the center guys but we
haven't been here much and they've got
like a really cool art stand over here
absorb the art taking the ideas pretty
cool but I am hungry so we're gonna head
upstairs this place is like a mini
forest by the way like okay Ilana come
work we're on the elevator key bye bye
bye little kid Idina but they've got
like a mini forest over here which is
pretty dull cracking me oh my god what
is that thing you look like a monster
oh my god you know you could pull off a
bank robbery with that thing I'd take
you seriously
three two one fight chip the Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtle
I like to move it move it I like to move
it move it you like to move it
yeah you do it come on it's empty just
start just start moving your body I just
shake it all about
come on quick no no no you you don't
want to set it you do I and you die
listen Jen I went running right into it
okay fine as much as I'm holding myself
I feel like laughing so much yeah oh my
gosh the most retarded person on the
Internet
yeah that's what's up oh my goodness
bye Georgie me the whole story do you
think somebody's watching someone's
watching it from the CCTV laughs yeah
you're right no one else okay let's go
take it take it take this where I could
show the two guys I worked in that
restaurant were a lot of thing they're
all so fat we know
oh this shot is closing hey let's go
grab some food or all the places were
closed in there like they closed them
right as we got there because we were
having too much fun in the shops and we
forgot to eat but yeah we can take a
takeaway from somewhere oh okay we are
starving so we came to the spot you guys
know my mom always has to redeem her
free chicken but today I'm sorry I'm
sorry chicken I betrayed them and I went
back to my old style
am i handing a bj in war
yeah mommy I need the answer to Kaiser
before I die
I just remembered I put my hand that
song more
now that I'm going to wrap up today's
vlog here I'm actually planning on doing
like a snapchatting video again because
we haven't done one in a while and
actually as Lana has never done a
snapchat video in me so hit the thumbs
up button if you want me to do one with
Lana this time so we react to your snaps
together and it's pronounced they also
every I love you all today was super
super cool we had a lot of fun in that
Center and yeah I'll catch you guys
tomorrow stay awesome I love you all be
happy just smile right now just give me
a smile yellow yellow guys boy
