yo yo everyone good morning and welcome
to another vlog so starting out today in
the grocery store and ran out of cereal
and I had the worst morning because I
have to have my cereal in the morning so
I'm gonna grab myself some cereal let's
see I know it just goes like Coco Pops
but I'm kind of fed up because I've had
it way too much so I might grab myself
some Cheerios Cheerios okay we're gonna
look around but I'm gonna get something
different I just had the same cereal for
like a year now so okay you know I'm
gonna grab one cheerios guys one cocoa
pot and maybe one smacks or something
else hmm I want to show you guys the
tomatoes they have over here today just
for on a fresh bunch and look at that
day I should get really really cool and
they're super red but I never knew they
grew like that they're like all
connected and it's just dope
okay successful little shopping trip in
the morning this exact spot is very
special for many reasons guys the famous
YouTube channel could Lana rose boom my
sister after three and a half months has
now released a new video and I don't
know how she did it guy she was blonde
in the video holy moly
damn son recorded many makeup tutorials
but I didn't get chance to edit any of
she went super sane in that video and
changed her hair color that video took
over three months to edit no reciate it
is three months of editing that's like
how long it took to edit the Avatar
movie I'm really trying my best a good
good video amazing loved it perfect can
we see the lost ten seconds please those
are my favorite parts guys make it full
screen please make it fullscreen okay
guys check this out this is the best
thing you're ever going to see are you
ready are you ready babe
oh my god modeling out here would be
cool to show you an outfit that would go
with the land your vote you're saying
I'm going out guys please adios that is
what you call a lot of rows blogs guys
whoa
this morning I was actually practicing a
lot with this new skateboard I got and
I've actually become pretty good like I
can go like all the way to the end of
the street and come back but it's a lot
of hard work like your hips are
constantly doing this and I know it
looks retarded but that's what it is
like your front leg just has to keep on
pushing back and forth all right time to
go skating the hardest thing about this
board is just getting yourself off like
straight so let's see how this goes
let's try this without breaking my
camera three two one oh oh my god oh my
god
if you look at my feet I'm like a
penguin right now oh okay the thing
about this skateboard is you need to get
your rhythm guys and once you have it
you're good but once you start blogging
it kind of messes it up like you have to
constantly move your feet if you can see
that
it's basically like it's kind of like
surfing on the ground with no waves
that's exactly how is look whoo oh my
god is kind of hard oh okay this thing
is a lot of hard work boys but as I said
I'm still practicing trying to perfect
my surfing today I'm actually gonna go
meet up with one of my friends I think I
should remember him say eat I haven't
seen him for a while now damn it's been
a long time oh hey okay gonna go take a
quick shower so I don't stink and then
after that I'm gonna head out with my
friend properly so I'll see you guys on
the other side is right now as good and
vibrant as I live I have realized when
you go exercising your skin looks
vibrant and fresh but you stink and you
feel bad inside so let me go take a
shower and I'll be right back
a few moments later all right boys just
made it over a little hot boy SG you
know my producer my my Ghost Rider
everything thank you anyway haters gonna
pay some fool and we have to swipe this
alright there you go round one begins
boys let's see it's all up to the break
if he does good that means he's gonna
win it
Oh oh boy that's a great start guys hi
I'm winning let's do this I don't know
like our different rules to this game
I think so yeah Game one and your boy
came through on top boys yeah it's the
rule and every play pool the loser has
to do it guys
yes is set up for next rocket I'm gonna
teach you out to brake okay you ready
for this I've got the best brake in the
whole world
wait let me let me rub it to myself okay
this is how you do good luck I'm gonna
leave the camera here you're gonna feel
the vibration on the table okay you
ready for this that's a good shot
everything reaches wha-what reaching you
just sound moving one more time on one
more time please you can bag a lot more
awkward I regret anyway hope the camera
I think that's what the bad luck was if
you're angry like this here record from
over here oh you see it was meant to
because they wouldn't have had a good
angle you know I did down purpose oh
yeah he did on purpose you hear that
that's good yeah the orange is there
right there Oh her behind behind the
backyard behind the back shot oh if he
does this
that's a prone to making three two who
what what what why yes I tricked you
into doing that you know what's really
cool about this place guys we have like
your view of all the bowling pictures
like down there to the bowling pit I
just go to bowling pitches bowling lanes
I mean but like this this lady's a
professional you can tell if she's gonna
color for wool okay watch the strike all
right whoa whoa boom that was a strike
good job she doesn't even know we're
watching her i cooled it I couldn't
shout out to Jessie she watches the
vlogs and yeah she she's in the blood
like to the month ago around and then
she's back now so thank you so much I
appreciate it thank you guys
me and Sadie are now going to play ping
pong i whooped him in pool I worked it
until I can't use their home and now if
you beat me to zero in ping-pong man
it's a draw okay this is such a biased
game because I'm so good at this you
know I love the tables they have over
here cuz like Lily I'm kicking it let's
go to the corner 100 high yeah okay once
my viewers need to see this guy's eye
light should turn on come on come on
and then there was light
we are going good so far I think we're
pretty much drawing right now we've
invented like a few games and the
hopefuls continue or it's your fault any
continued play our game I'll see you
guys often please if you guys can't tell
by how much we sweat right now we just
finished our season by exercise this is
actually like exercise we really going
to give back our racket yes it's deadly
man it's like armed a nice a dove come
to see who is stronger on this boxing
machine the score so far is over 9,000
for the last person so let's see if we
can at least beat whoever came off okay
say do you go first oh yeah I'm gonna
beat you I'm gonna beat you yeah hundred
percent over nine eight okay what I was
like what's going on you know I thought
you did it that's okay my turn boys
watch this your voice got anything ready
yeah
right that was good oh boy
I love high 9.1 to be
I think that's a 9 oh I beat you by four
four all right here again
hi Estie this can do this point I think
it's nine point two yeah Co said you got
some sides on me after you have to smash
this high three do anything you want
now I say it's a it's 800 is gonna be
horrible right nomad
okay Sagan thinks we're not going to win
this game he says it's for ripoff but I
really like that read watch in there
should you want to try or shy try it and
see how my tactics are gay
it's your tactics look at it from every
side
watch this drop it high they can see the
red watching course it won't
I told you to rip off you know you know
what listen look at the score guys 2-0
hit me hit me with a score score okay
I'm not even gonna play guys and I'm
still gonna win let's go to zero
you know I here you go buddy here you go
I'll let you score again why not oh it's
still to this is what you can read we're
just going to stop boys and I want a to
as this book yo
he scored about 10 goals and none of
them counted guys this game is rigged by
they go a to mow lawns came through in
the wind I'm sorry I all right you know
the thing is guys this table didn't even
flow like throughout the whole thing we
were struggling to make this move look
at it it was like just the whole time I
picked a Ford GT what you're bringing
the same car I find pick different
colors at least oh this is like a huge
mess up in this game your game is
glitching hi let's go I got this brah
yeah I know I'm in a game right now boys
but I had to do this race a day right
the nitrous is so good and the winner is
more my boy Sayed has got the gun you
actually look like you could be a good
light action character searcy bigger
like you could actually like I'd be
scared of getting gun get to the chopper
get down get down
say to the one man me
she'd never surrendered guys he's the
last person in the garnet he's the last
person somehow I got my own upstairs
anyways boys we just finished up with
our games over here we're actually I'm
pretty good at stuff like this song
shout out my voice a you know Charlotte
it's got a little ugh go forget anyways
we're gonna head out now
I love gun kids are just so fun guys it
saves a security guard you do not want
to mess with him really light you're
like in the Marines or Sun I come in
pretty savage on people so since the
last time we've seen Sayed boys he has
changed his car and he bought a
brand-new Lexus that's what's up ladies
damn son wow I like you know I would
agree like about the car it has like a
mini clock here the thing is about
shawarmas guys you may not know this the
cheaper they are the better they taste
it's just like your car and cheese if
you find somewhere that has a 1 dirham
car key that one that's the best play I
swear where I go it's like two or three
terms would it rip me off it and the
last is remove lug
what do you think watch me what do you
think I'm sorry like rough you know I
won't name the place but it's suppose to
bowling center of course no it is how do
I rough how about the bed buzzer better
that okay my boy SG just had an amazing
idea if anybody has any comments if you
come over here and do buy multiple you
can just put them here so fill it out
and put in there and yeah one day I'll
be back jury to blows up the Hat okay I
just came over to the place which I
entered for my easy boys and they
haven't given me a cool which I think
means I've lost but I need to
double-check bad just met up with Lana
and my ball
Easy's at the moment apparently they
haven't even cooled the winners so we're
still in it this morning I cooled out
the lady was like yeah we're gonna cool
the winners today but apparently still
they haven't good so we're still in it
boys I really want to win badly but
we'll see I don't think I have like the
chance like one in a thousand or
something but you never know you never
know they've got like these really
really cool hands yo yo guys you know
what y'all know y'all know is that's
what's up you know spot on this one
looks the best I think y'all y'all know
y'all don't forget guys whose hands you
think they were they just put it into
like a mold and then did that are just
being
oh yeah you heard it that guys they did
something let me take over okay
take over here cheering out loud Yahoo
have long about almost up we'll talk
about your beard ocean yeah check out my
beard but one thing guys this is
actually for sale like that is a
legitimate bottle the size of like four
arms what I you can take the log duties
back there you go
else my block club going up on a Tuesday
Tuesday white line if you talk about
like different things not just about
cars and we're gonna say yo yo yo
is your guy we're never gonna say
basically bagger hey getting roasted oh
no you know there's a channel that is
uploading daily blogs of me saying
basically I promise you this for vlogs
are in each one is over a thousand views
and it's just a basically montage it's
like with music and it's like rapping to
basically is let's go to some cool
stores I want to go check out they
haven't like the gadget so it's going to
versus razor yeah that's what's up
I'm making this look like an
inspirational video the way I'm going
around you like done we're taking a look
at some vinyls they have over here
Oh DJ SG tell me what is special about
it is this that special cloth uh-huh is
it is it that this is a cheat of success
right here oh my brother and his friend
have left us and me and mommy are gonna
go to a routine we're gonna order
something they have like the Ramadan
special menu which is pretty cool
yeah I think these at once I was
actually like
we're heading up home mummy mo got her
famous bun like yo the place that sells
it they need to start sponsoring her cuz
like actually if they sponsor they'll go
get so many oh yeah for now we're gonna
say goodbye to seem an amazing day
actually you have a handshake let's do
it I say what was it again BAM
I won't we're gonna work on this
handshake soon guys are having some
coming soon I guess let's head off
deuces for today and yeah it's good
having se back on the vlog
as always guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here now that we are home I store I
just love this scenery looks so full and
colorful but before I do I wanted to
tell you guys tomorrow bye she's got
some business meetings and they could
actually open up a lot of doors for the
channel so I wanted to let you guys know
we'll see how it goes - more like it's
just about loads of different
possibilities that could happen with the
channel so I'm super excited I haven't
had any meetings for a while just
because I've kind of just like laid off
the beings and stuff and just focused on
the channel for so long which I really
like like we put something really cool
like stuff out in the past couple of
months like the Zanzibar trip was just
amazing I love that as well so hopefully
I'll start traveling more let me know
what countries you guys want me to go to
a lot of people have suggested India
that summer I might go I'm I really want
to visit there but yeah let me know what
country I should visit and you got some
more for another awesome blog love you
all Yolo Yolo
boy wait as always stay positive happy
and awesome everybody peace
