the yo-yo everyone how are you all doing
welcome to another vlog so today's
crazy-hot not gonna lie it is extremely
humid and I'm sweating already I'm doing
this to not get sweaty armpits but today
is actually kind of busy you basically
we got invited to a comedy show which is
going on in the Burj Khalifa and before
that right now we're actually heading
over to the Dubai Mall which is next to
Burj Khalifa because Kobe which we saw
yesterday that youtuber he's doing a
meet-and-greet at the mall so should be
hectic over there we're gonna see my boy
watch it there as well so let's go drop
in there for like I would say 20 minutes
to half an hour just see what's going on
and then head over to the comedy show
okay it's extremely packed out today
with stuff let's go and see what happens
mummy mo is actually the one that really
wanted to go to this comedy show she was
like get me ticket get me tickets I want
to go so that's what we're actually
doing it for we're doing it for mummy
let's go and have a good laugh alright
boys I just made it over here my boy
washings yeah everybody's actually al
getler Kobe station oppose me and great
stuff like that we've got some more and
everyone else but you know we're just
chilling here oh wait are you our fandom
Val hey what's up yo yes Garda how's it
going
so you guys might not notice but Kobe's
birthday was yesterday and they're going
to surprise them with like a birthday
cake so once it comes I'm going to
record it for you guys to show you
would you say I don't know the haters
ever want to do this any rich guys for
now I'm heading out happy birthday Kobe
enjoy it I hope you guys want some
curried egg but yeah I'll be back
hopefully off to this party Joel peace
hello so I just met up with my mum again
guys and we're actually kind of late for
the comedy thing I didn't know I thought
we could go to the Burj Khalifa from
here because it is kind of connected but
apparently not so somebody's going to
come and take us because you need like a
pass to enter and let's go see what this
comedy thing is about I have no idea
what it is as I said I'm um read the
emails you like let's go so that's
already ok we're just entering now boys
we have to go through write some
security stuff this building is so
futuristic like look at the hallways and
stuff space looks like they built in the
future like even when you look outside
yeah
anyways let's go okay so we just made it
over to where the comedy show is going
on apparently it starts at like one and
a half hours you can see in front of me
that is the stage over there and it's
actually pretty busy over here they're
saying of the cameras at the back over
there I quickly came out boys to vlog a
bit more inside was extremely busy look
at the view from outside here this is
just amazing I love this view anyways
anyways I'm going to go ahead back now
and I'll catch you guys there this is
the new remote this is actually coming
with the channel everyone watching
receiving this remote controller to help
you so that you no longer have to
struggle with remotes so we just
finished the combination right
funny you come outside because the war
show is going on and it looks amazing
Wow look at the view get over here mommy
is so cool
this war show is always so so peaceful
to watch guys it's just I'm just
relaxing and calm and cool and stuff
like that I'm not sure if you guys
recognize the comedian but he was like a
kid like you to be enough cinema TV all
the time you like you like the show
it was amazing Wow look at the war that
is that big okay I'm gonna try and get
Trevor on the Block guy guys only Trevor
right now getting a shout out
multiple I'm saying everybody's here
thank you so much I'm shaky thank you
okay so the comedy show is now finish
guys as you saw it's quickly went out
the drebber and colder to give me a
shout out my summary and we finish a
like extremely funny and yeah it's not
to be held let's go okay I know this is
super random guys I didn't tell you that
unless you're on a flight right now you
can see so I'm actually going to London
right now that I'm on business class
flight as you can see I'm just kidding
guys if actually not like this like any
who's they've got this stand in the mall
that makes you look like it's a business
class fly it's pretty funny but yeah
it's actually really really cool look at
her that is epic
my mom is officially becoming a flight
attendant today
that looks amazing yeah thank you for
now boys were heading up old
once I get home I'll catch you there by
the way let me look at my parking skills
that much of a gap yep I'm a ball pit
row bullet will someone cuz I got a
really big team and angels waiting Bay
Breeze it is really nice let me color
with no strings mean some really nice
things we need to leave big ring smell
what a time to be alive you yours but in
your mind what's good homie how'd you
get me
I can I heard you're like you're like
mom mom and then you're like okay I
guess so we're good that was the
funniest thing I've ever done
oh look at her leg guy so she does that
with her leg oh no that's stress right
there for you
you know to do your boys and mommy more
I mean back at it again with the cooking
what's up what do we have today chef
we got the onions we got the mushrooms
we got the and we got the pastor that's
how we do it boys we do it big out here
look at it would you just look at it oh
my god it just looks so sexy the food
looks so amazing
oh my god mommy mo doesn't like us
calling it sexy it looks gorgeous it
looks gorgeous okay step two boys mommy
mode just add in some would you call
this some tomato sauce type thing to it
a oh wow that looks amazing anyways over
here we have bubbles getting babysitted
by Lana rose what's up bubbles my I
don't know if you know this guys but I'm
a chef in the make you mommy while
teaching you what to do how much half
are you sure all right boys
boom it's not coming out
oh this thing is disgusting what is this
it's some thick cream what the hell this
expired bro that's expired okay boys I
just turned on my helicopter and it's
been a long time since I'm played with
the cats with this helicopter they like
chase it around they run away from it so
let's it is still remember cuz before
and I had it well boys used to run away
from air kay let's see what's up alright
let's get this bad boy in there whoa
whoa whoa yeah buddy yeah buddy
I turned oh yeah the bastard
you see so quick okay we're gonna go see
where Kitty is sleeping apparently she's
got her new sleeping place that we have
no idea about we need to pay attention
to care for her Hanna's right under the
door what the hell is this dumb cat
doing yeah if we push the door should
get squished guys look at this if you
push this door she'll just get squished
in between there she's so dumb anyways
there you go boys I'm always sending her
she's behind the door be careful by the
way guys it's really weird because they
have like two comfortable beds here and
she chooses that the best place to sleep
would be in this dark room behind the
door I don't understand it is what it is
chief and Hutch even has that thing
either the whole thing but no on the
floor behind the doors the perfect place
to finish up today's vlog I want to do
something that I know a lot you have
been waiting for because
to be honest I've been dying to see as
well basically I'm going to be opening
this humongous box that I've just been
leaving around teasing you guys for a
while so it's potty time Oh what's my
sister throwing it's funny time to see
what's in here
me and my sisters there I'm going to
start opening it now and quickly before
you open it I wanna see your guesses and
I'm sorry if I've already put what it is
in the title or thumbnail
I can't tell now it depends what's
inside here if it's like something very
cool I might have already given it away
to be honest but yeah why should work
should we open this why why should we do
this John do this on the carpet right
we're gonna we're gonna stay here guys
you seem like a professionals and ignis
oh oh oh my god what you think it is I
don't know I don't know toilet oh that
sorta is they sent us toilet roll hi
okay bright you're not safe with this
knife this is towards me by the way this
is towards me I can't peace hey Annie
boom holy okay man what that is all of
this stuff oh it's my birthday it's my
birthday I must spend my money
Wow my sister is like having a best
friend you could get a pretty knob knob
right it's like having a nightmare you
call it get rid of it's like a nightmare
yeah
being a brother is even better than
being a superhero yeah exactly see I'm
the good guy here I'm the good guy
Deepak Wow thank you so much d-pad all
right time to actually get into all of
this we've been we were talking so much
oh yeah we haven't opened anything
moment of truth let's start is that
teddy bear boom straight up straight up
we start with a cute teddy bear oh I
wanna call him flubber he looks like a
flubber are they both yours
I want flubber I'll take flubber my
flowers my eyes my flubber can be my
right-hand man what's up buddy my
eyebrows on fleek whoo wait you're gonna
ah careful okay
you ready for this oh oh hey yo he's
designed some mold blogs logos that's
okay this one's actually really cool
into like a heartbeat oh yeah I was
watching honestly that is super super
epic and let's see that lots more in
here I can't go let me just quickly only
need hockey a bit more this is so cute
okay wait yo okay
he got me some weightlifting gloves I
actually really needed this guy's
basically this part my hand gets injured
so thank you so so much for laughs and
finally we got some deers with I don't
know I really don't know what is that oh
it's like a keyring just more than a
cueing what is that guys check this out
sorry what is this I don't understand
this oh wait all right what is that now
it's sweet something
it says try and use it pushed up on it's
a calendar for 50 years a calendar for
50 years I do this work good this is
what you call child abuse by the way
save Lucy that's her name
save Lucy Lana just keeps on smacking
her to our knee
Lucy's getting like WWE moves on it's
that boom boom blue have you seen a
little kids they're like I'm so happy
I'm so happy I kill Lucy is that pals
the nice stuff that smells so good when
you put it in a pot and then they were
toast
oh girl accessories oh my gosh oh I
can't phrase for you you got me an egg
with a painting it looks so small oh my
god it's like a baby a friend
she's strangling herself Oh Mike she's
choking she's choking yeah oh my
goodness what is that you know recently
I've been into all these little like
design yes how did you know I'm into
this oh he got you like these can I
design things I can put these on I
totally love this dog look I even have
one like yeah that's kind of left yeah
it's gone Oh mommy mo she got to frame
whoo
mommy Mo's big business hi that sounds
good I should have really quite knew
something I knew it boom boom boom
wait what is that
wait I think that's makeup No
this guy's I don't know him the person
there yeah that is good it looks good I
will take that we'll take that your
royal majesty oh you're right there's
something in the box
I knew it this outfit oh my gosh thank
you so much I never had one would like
like these kind of jobs or sigh alright
calm down breathe breathe breathe I'm
gonna be honest this is war Houston she
probably gets on her birthday from me
cuz I don't get anything this is like
this is my birthday gift for like ten
years
BAM there you go those are new earrings
boys this is so cool you do realize
she's not gonna listen to them cards and
she's gonna open them all at once
give ah ah ah let me open never what it
says open when you're tired open when
you're sleepy I'll listen I think by the
way when you open it let's share it with
the yo squad I really want to see what's
in there Wow we both got logos today
that is actually really really cool what
do you mean there's a bag there's I can
bat a woman's bag by him it looks flashy
it looks flesh here
amlong are back at it again with the
bags you so much holy moly
gorgeous flex on the instagrams I want
to say a huge thank you for everything
that we go on by the way bro
III guys I don't think I can use this
because the security check is still of
the glove so when you break it with
blood I think maybe this one came out
without being paid for that's a legit
security tag you can just bring I could
get accused of stealing though if I take
them out oh she caught stealing yeah
let's try let's use a hammer to it for
this equipment okay boys in today's
episode of mobilize we're gonna teach
you how to get away with robbery we're
gonna teach you how to break Scourge tag
kay let's see if this works if Robbie
was this easy everybody would get away
with it bra look you just yeah and then
you just want you just you just do what
boom okay I'm trusting you to not make
something blow up in my face yeah this
seems like a genius idea my mom oh wow
what what are you doing mine okay yo
yeah I think I know wonder if you wear
it more that is not the way I'm a
serious weight I can help you you know
you ain't gotta answers so how the hell
did you know that this is gonna work
my genius Jamie this nobody can oh you
got it yeah what's inside the security
tag guys we did it
yes we did it here I saved your gloves
oh she did it guys by him she did by the
way guys if you were ever wondering what
is in them annoying security tags here
you go boys
here you go we got some metal we got
some needles we got some plastic and
this thing anyways that wraps up no time
today guys thank you so so much to my
boy Deepak for everything yeah this was
actually like the biggest one package
mail time of ever done thank you so much
Deepak it was the first mail time ever
yeah yeah so way so it felt like I had
like 20 birthdays in one yeah I felt
like I got stolen gloves that's how I
felt like and there's no choice inside I
love you guys oh thank you so so much
for the gifts and catch guys more for
another vlog they also love you all Yolo
Yolo kids please pursue your education
it means a lot
there you have Lana guys after she
receives her fan though she takes it to
her cave I don't know when she's going
to come out did this do you want
