yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
how are you all doing obviously starting
the morning as usual or evening whatever
you want to call it coming to do a bit
of food shopping but look at what I had
to pop on today I'm rocking the sandals
with the socks I started so comfortable
I think I might actually be going
paintballing today which is pretty cool
so we'll see about that
Oh guys look at these puppies that's
seven months old which ones the younger
one this one's the four month yes oh wow
these are tiny
what breed are they cocker spaniel or
nice mix Wow this one's got a funny ear
adorable your ears the other way around
alright there you go I fixed his ear
those dogs are absolutely adorable guys
and look at this I'm not sure if you
guys remember this cat but this guy is
always here what's up buddy hey this is
the same one we see all the time I swear
every single time I come to this shop
guys the trolleys just make me laugh
they are so tiny you can't even like do
a full shopping trip with them I look
look at these guys we've come like for a
mini trip and it's like it's tiny little
trolley look look at the size of my mom
compared to it I feel super bad for that
cow outside so really I'm just gonna
grab him some food I see him all the
time over here but I feel like it's my
duty to get him some food so my Cherie
get him I don't know something that has
like it a pot because we don't want to
just put on the floor you know you want
to put in like a pot so I quickly just
came outside and fed that cat this guy
needs a name too like I see him all the
time over here it seems like he enjoys
the food so I came around the corner I
think you can see my mom over there
somewhere I just put the food over here
for an Emmy just go throw this away
alright enjoy that buddy see you soon
and yeah stay healthy yeah leo my mom
was searching for me because I went
round that corner to feed him okay now
it's time to head off all my she's super
happy that whenever I feed a cat or some
type of animal
that's hungry it feels like I've done a
good deed all right right now I'm
actually heading out to go paintballing
guys so it did finally get confirmed I'm
actually super nervous because I used to
go paintballing in London it hurts
extremely bad let you get birds and
stuff but I have taken along my GoPro
and I hope I really hope that their
helmets have like a mount I can mount on
the Gopher I think it would be super
cool getting a point of view but let's
go see what's up over there I'm not sure
if you guys know there's actually going
to be a youtuber they're called Coby
person and he's like this american
youtuber with like two million
subscribers he's there my boy Rockets
there and some other people like whoa I
think you got my dome but yeah let's go
see what's up over there and do some
paintballing I have no idea what's going
on in my area guys but there seems to be
some sort of disco thing I guess I just
made this in a paint warning place and
this is the matter meeting today Coby
person you guys may note up over two
million subscribers my boy Russia tears
I don't forget about that money kicks
butt you've got a lot of subscribers of
Jews man like one video 40 something
million this guy's crazy checking about
guys he does like to quit very man I
appreciate that now we're gonna go
paintballing today so we're gonna give
them a taste of that pain today let's
you said I'm not read for painting I'll
really be on the same team you know you
look old yeah it's cute how much Kobe
and their Russians against us we were
bet we're gonna see yeah I mean you are
against it so like youtubers like to
youtubers are one team and the everyone
else and ah they should be fun let's go
fire boys I'm just signing my
let's go we have to play safe so we go
ourselves on broening protection like
we're going to go cash that in to get it
and I get some protection
oh my name muhammad's Kobe Kobe hi here
we go
going protection let's get me a let's go
okay we are fully strapped up now with
our here and we are going into the
preparation school right now remember
that Russia's and the five-year rule
briefing is now complete
Moe is actually coming with nothing guys
I still don't understand this but we'll
see if you're not like the worst arms
ever captain rocha bleeding away
roscas on the horizon ready to go too
though I just got my gun and we're going
inside I'm going to write and show how
the strap now you have my GoPro but this
helmet has no place in stick it on okay
boys we are in here I'm go my god whew
but still
let's go over there
oh my god I'm shitting myself I know
like what are you guys on my team
Oh somebody's actually think I hate you
yes we told you they might meet you this
is Stan I got me oh my neck
hey wait were you shooting us when we're
going out yeah I knew I knew
every boy's first game is finished now
Russian is killing me in there well
dudes me and Kobe I was always at the
back house here to run out guys but it's
not they would like their team was just
running out so we're just like try to
duck dive but no we gonna hit so much
anyway I'm sweating we're going back in
now hold on two more two more rounds to
go I'm dying in here oh my god
you ready go me go resign what are you
guys looking here when he came in guys
outside Kobe you look so sad he was like
I don't like paintball
anyway let's go back in put oh like
lions and tigers and stuff so yeah shout
out to anyone who wants to buy a water
would you take one with you as I would a
little baby tiger I see you inside man
let's go back in boy left over
guys I want to show you what Rasha demo
got these guys in that last game they
grenaded us that thing blew up you know
that I broke my god cause of that I
trucked it and he went into three pieces
I sure I got some special ah
no is it the smoke yo yo guys you see
that team they're boiling so they're
buying everything we have like the
cheapest do we Brandi got it maybe one
grenade smoke everywhere guys we are
doing one of these guys we're gonna pray
Z come with you they're gonna see nice
smoke and then a grenade and then
everyone's running in at you we got our
guy as soon as you're smoking you're not
running out I'm just running oh hey guys
look at that also did you get anything
on her back no hi your back is cleaning
it which is okay - is when you came in I
said I should have if you went get out
of their cars my charge he's granted
dignity buddy sideshow fuck
we're on like game for right now guys I
know I'm not recording a lot of this but
it's a battlefield in there
thank you so much whoo damn ok Brendan's
gonna get a shot for us so you can see
how it you ready I can just we're good
ten shot
how's that good but it hurt and I don't
you
oh damn holy
really
I know I know anyone is
let's go back tonight
that's genius I go to
she was Loki
over here
and some of them
paintballing is officially over guys
that was just disgusting how many times
I got showing there anyways amazing fun
oh damn
okay let's get out here this place
literally looks like a war zone Dan
toshing I died yeah bye-bye man
I enjoyed by go cure deficit and these
guys just finished up a painting as you
can see we are done for the day go be
amazing me girl was crazy man he's got
some big things planned out so I can't
wait to see your fridge brush the
wasteland and yeah I'm going home taking
a bath and just relaxing from now Cobre
that was intense right the last round
yours like I'm not I can't do any more
I'm not made for war and his guys catch
you guys soon and yeah it was in the
same day by the way let me show you guys
what happens when you don't wear a vest
then you go into paintballing you had
absolutely murdered but he took it like
a champ to be honest if that was me I
would not go back after the first round
getting shot and I'm back to bases and
going guys she absolutely killed me like
he was without the vest and I was scared
and looking at you you saw when you came
like I started ducky I didn't even look
to shoot you but now is this guy stuck
in the middle yeah I think they got the
fridge yeah anyways awesome day man
thank you guys man yeah hey yo yo hello
hi for now we are going to head out home
estimates on the radio
hey did you know what is this anyways I
need to go pick up my mom right now and
I'll catch you guys there she's at the
mall I think so let's go yo mami mo in
the building yo you are shopping what
did you get
yo that's nice that is actually very
nice anyways let's go okay now that
we're home let me show you how I look if
you see any photos of me online looking
this dirty guys I came from pain
twirling I've got bruises all over me
look at my hand
holy moly and I've got like loads of my
back oh oh mommy
yo Wow okay I'm bruised up guys I don't
know where I also gonna try and show you
as much as I can now but I was shot
everywhere in my neck my what side of my
neck is it is it here is it here I think
it's over here somewhere but I got
killed are you hooking in there is a
super super fun show them your high
again I didn't get to show you a
property guys this is the Hat my mom go
it's actually so so pretty
wow it looks so so classy yeah it looks
amazing
anyways I need to go take your shower
but when it kwitny try and spot
everywhere which I've been shot to show
you guys cuz I was floored there yo look
at my foot guys dad
this is what you call a dirty foot right
here this is disgusting okay here you go
boys I didn't get hit too much actually
now that I see it the only place is like
here a little bit and also also over
here guys if you can see that anyways
boys I'm pretty gonna go hop in the
shower and clean up I sway so so painful
but it's actually a really fun sport I
at the beginning I'm not gonna lie I was
camping at the back I didn't want to go
out because I didn't want to get hit but
towards the end I was just running in
and I kind of paid for I can't pay for
it let me just say that by the way I
completely forgot to take my life okay
my GoPro has a back like a hard back
where like it's completely covered which
you need for this because you don't want
to
they hit with like cables and I forgot
to take it and this is what I did to
improvise that I put tissue at the back
it's just coming off now I let's let's
just say it didn't work out that good
but thankfully I actually didn't get hit
by any paintballs which is great as
always everybody I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed it I'm super super tired like
look how scruffy I thought I just had a
shower my hair is a complete mess but I
love you all stay awesome everybody guys
don't forget as always if you're
watching this vlog you're having a bad
day just smile be happy and trust me
when you're happy and you think that
you're gonna have a good day trust me
you will lie it's worked so many times
for me and I can't explain why but trust
me when I say like today go out and be
like I'm gonna have a good day today and
trust me when I say it works you will
anyways they also know buddy I love you
all yada Yolo boy
