good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog show I'm scared he comes next to me
yo yo guys welcome to another vlog
starting out I came outside and this guy
was here he's complaining a lot why so
sad like I don't think he likes when I
stand up oh well you look at him guys
he's new in the area yeah he's
definitely a house guy cuz he's way too
friendly you know as you can see we're
just outside and this guy was under my
car meowing I was like what's going on
this is the struggles of liking cats way
too much guys
I can't wait mommy Momo I think we
should feed him across the street so he
doesn't come back here yeah Uli's go
dance wet with yeah alright guys so we
couldn't take him across the street like
I was planning he was just complaining
way too much and wasn't following us but
yeah we gave it to him here I think he's
really hungry that's how he seems
anyways cuz he was complaining a lot
anyways funny start to a vlog I wasn't
expecting to come out and feed the cat
but really I run it is I actually had
food and I was gonna go over to our like
local swimming pool you know the guy
takes care of the swimming pool things
are just gonna give him some food so he
could eat for iftar and stuff like that
so I'm gonna go over there we fed that
white cat he's massive by the way dun
dun dun dun I just dropped off the food
boys and the simple is actually really
empty today surprise surprise I think we
might be heading out to get some
furniture today and hope I feel very
saying cuz we've gone so many times to
get like something for the house on we
haven't but I feel lucky today like my
mom and sister look like they're serious
for once like they look like they're
actually gonna buy something today oh
yeah we'll see about that
good
major problem guys I'm back home and
that cat looks like he just wants to
stay around here - yeah guys hold on be
nice to the other cats right now I just
I just went to wear my jeans and I love
wearing my blue jeans but if you can see
I'm wearing my black jeans and the
reason is look at this
bubbles is sleeping on my jeans and my
mum wouldn't let me wake him up to take
them oh you're wearing on that you're it
you know I don't think they have this
one if you guys remember Lana rip these
on a vlog to wear will happen what oh
it's that big yo its lose it looks like
a fashion trend type thing yeah it just
looks like a little fashion trend you
know I feel this Jean could rip from any
sight oh oh oh don't hit I know this is
pretty thin on everywhere like if I sit
down - Sonny started ripping what okay
bring backup genius yeah just wrap it
wrap it around you if anything happens
cuz do is it ripped really easily when
it ripped guys before we go out my mom
has gone braid your hair some guys just
go like oh my god and it is heading out
right now I'm hoping we go to Chinatown
because we went there like if you guys
are like 6 or 7 months back and they
have like the coolest toys ever yeah
hopefully they'll still be open
only thing it's like I lost nine right
now no car car move out the way
Oh are we just going here guys and the
place we're going is like at the end of
the mall so we're taking a little
go-kart because we're going to lie for
10 minutes to get to this place
fine is super far so yeah let's go well
after Paris I just always enjoy Hey look
at this I bought myself a ticket for the
ride I always enjoy the gardens hi boys
as you can see we are on our little
journey that's what's up that's what's
up it's so busy here today when people
move out the way move out with their
eyes is so cool going with this I
already met one of you guys I was on
just like car things I overlooked we got
to shake hands but just for like a
second before they took off but yeah
else so Joe Yolanda what's up
I'm a window shopper yeah give me than a
deficit mom people we don't have all day
yeah I decide I can show you shining
shimmering splendid okay we finally made
it to our destination boys
damn that was far thank you my man I
appreciate it
Wow now we can go around searching
they've got some awesome stuff here
they've got like you know them light-up
DZ type things and like a load of cool
decoration so yeah let's go around and
see what's up not this again guys not
this again there's this always ends up
and buying nothing
yo when I said the stuff here was nice
guys I wasn't joking everything is
amazing like I have no idea I would have
come what my furniture from here damn
son
Wow this bed is just ridiculously cool
guys
and look at the lights like everything
is cool you know Wow Wow
we're in another store guys but the beds
are just so awesome - that is the size
of like a king-size triple bed okay I
don't know how we ended up here but
we're in a flower store another ones I
saw like plastic flowers they've got
some awesome roses check that out roses
are red violets are blue something is
something and I love I don't even know
anywhere
check them out boys these are the
light-up Yeezys I really like the red
ones I think they look dope they even
have like some LMD looking shoes over
here anyways
super cool Mario and Lana just came out
and they spied the Mona Lisa stand next
to it yeah y'all we just bought the Mona
Lisa that's what's up that's what's up
boy by the way I shout out to Easter we
saw him for like a brief second we're
going by in the car but he's back now
you need parties later Scott say what
fine now what's that so yes if you have
ever done shopping with ladies guys you
know that struggle I went and got myself
it's like cool ice cream balls I think
that's really cool it's like this is
unique type of ice cream
it's like many like frozen balls look at
it wait and see that it's like delicious
by the way guys
yeah yeah guys this is meant for me like
please darling my ice cream but
furniture shopping with women is an
absolute headache so far thing we've
been to around 200 stores and nothing
has been good enough so we just got one
of these toys and they stick to his I
join a video for me okay you did come
audience hi how do you do it ah you seem
like a professional ish
thank you so much that is awesome and
they just fly by themselves guys we
actually bought the princess version of
that toy that goes in the air so once we
get home I'll test it out and show you I
think the cats are gonna fall in love
with it oh my God look at this this what
you call a camera later guys whoa you
would never I think it's like a Noah toy
what is that Mommy oh it's like a drink
ball and it's upside
Wow these are like one of the coolest
Liars I've ever seen you like the lady
here alright it's so good watch and
learn boys BAM if your lady needs a
light even a bullet damn son Oh
Christian Louboutins I'm alive yeah you
definitely bind that one we ended up
Jane three liars guys she got herself a
Louboutin
I got myself a fire extinguisher like
whoa look how high destroy knows and the
last one I got was a bullet so three new
liars in the collection you guys don't
know I actually have like a mini liar
connection so this is pretty cool to add
to that they're really awesome all right
so we didn't end up getting any
furniture but on the plus side we bought
two really cool things so we got like
through these awesome liars and we got
like a flying L so you know that says
let it go let it go
come
yo alright boys we are back at the mall
and if you guys don't know from
yesterday
my mom's treating us to a year worth of
food for free - oh yeah I hope I'm going
to show you the pictures because they
posted me a mummy mole on their like
Facebook page showing us is the 100th
winner and yet for one year now we have
reboot to be honest so every day you'll
see us come and get some free food and
maybe no everyday guys but I was on our
way to their everyday everyday freaking
these guys like even if I don't yeah I
should give that sushi place
Oh match if she want out of is my worst
nightmare
you're all planning on doing like even
if we don't here I think we should just
come and claim it and give it to
something in the area because I think
that appreciate that you know like a
year worth of food given out that's
awesome we are back at this spot guys
they're going to see us every day for
one year every single day I actually
think the smart that they gave out these
cards because it makes you come back and
like buy extra cos long cigar self Amita
as well so she got burger me and mommy
got like a half chicken I want to test
out I've never tried their chicken so
let's see how it is they got Nemo's
Superman cool I think achoo
big guy wait okay so it's a thin layer
they had some dope you know who isn't
the cookie guys be efforts in Kiev
I feel so sad that they stopped making
videos yeah cookie cookie do the cookie
dance do the cookie dance dance dance
guys bother you're so something really
hilarious right now in the food court
some guy was playing a game on his phone
and he had made up a genius invention so
what are you looking at does
intervention yeah there's a smiley face
on those pants that is some cool pants
guys but tell them to invention he made
to not move while you're playing the
game Oh like strong vibes drew basically
his cup was like on the table and there
was like six straws all the way to his
mouth so we could play his game without
moving his head I'm gonna try that home
I don't know how it like connected
though this car must have been some
genius like position my desk squeezed
inside it was so funny like he was so
like into his game guys she was like
who's looking at as game while drinking
like I was like don't hell is that dry
now work really gonna go grab some milk
cuz you know we need that protein
forever oh my god
oh my I said protein you only get it
from the milk no from the petrol station
okay let's go home thank you the new fun
fat guys protein comes from milk that's
right oh yeah sorry I meant to say
calcium I meant to say calcium
would be
guys would like to get killed by another
book I can walk into my lane we have to
scary gigs happen whoa about to die I'm
not kidding you guys this song which I
will not play to it just makes me feel
the happiest ever so let's play let's
see what's up I love that song guys I
don't know why if it's a smile on my
face it's just the happy upbeat music
anyways
I'm sorry guys I get we go hurt okay
guys so we're here with Toby Toby come
in come here
okay boys time to do any toy unboxing
today so this is the cool things we go
we got this Elsa it needs to charge wait
wait you're dangerous
you're hard to turn on guys Oh bigger
you broke it
okay yeah mommy's chandeliers over there
mommy mommy I'm scared I don't know
which way to run the around to everybody
I charged Elsa back up and yeah let's
see how this
okay you turn it on you're the one
that's an easy restriction I just I
don't know is this even meant for kids I
get turned on let's see how it works
this time and hold the ball hold the
ball hold the bottom hold the bomb let
go never yay live why would you hold the
fans it's like putting your hand in a
fan and turning it on no that's what you
did you don't have to you probably happy
marvelous he's coming he's going you
Charlie look at him Oh why is he mad are
you turned on BAM I know don't worry is
it broken come back to life working oh
no don't take him close don't let go oh
yeah Mahmoud why are you doing let it go
let it go oh okay tomorrow morning I'm
gonna charge this guy's and we're gonna
try out again but for now that's been
Elsa we're gonna let it go yeah
Norville flame sighs check out this the
hell
as always guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here but before I do I actually
have a question this is kind of like an
idea in my head for like an episode
maybe once per month but let me know if
you guys want me to do like a series
where like once a month I show you like
five really cool things or five very
weird things and I've been watching like
videos online and I don't mean stuff
like this cuz stuff like this is cool
but there is some invention
that will blow your mind like does this
really exist
so if you guys want that to happen hit
the like button of this video so I can
see it because there are some inventions
in this world which are just just the
weird is the best way to describe them
just weird so if you want to see like a
series top 5 weird like I don't know we
can do like different continent
inventions like top 5 weird things from
UK from Japan from Australia you know we
could do like a whole series and cover
stuff like that and yeah I think could
be really really awesome done they
should attach the key keychain I was
gonna say that this way you could not
kind of look yeah it's like odd yeah I
mean you can tell there's something
going on actually this line this is
suspicious why do you have a bullet in
your bag
yeah and why is it like a mini shoot if
it was a little kitchen you could just
use it yeah jamming BAM boom you want
fire today anyways you guys some more
love you all stay awesome and positive
everyone
yah yah no more blog extras guys this
thing has like a little torch in it you
see this thing coming out of the fire
extinguisher it's like a torch did you
see that what the hell I know it's a bit
fuzzy right now in the dark we're gonna
actually have to be a torch that is so
weird
