oh my god
watch your mush
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so meanwhile are literally just heading
out to get the cat some food the bubbles
is just under the car so I'm sorry I
have to do this but the only way he
comes eyes if I turn on the car there
you go oh he's out time for us to go get
him some food and yeah ah he looks mad
at me doesn't like when I do that hey
buddy don't side look home home is there
there he goes
today I'm actually gonna be going to Abu
Dhabi and basically Kareem's friend
Imran kindly invited us to have dinner
with him so me and Lyndon are gonna be
heading over from Dubai to go see Kareem
who lives in Abu Dhabi if you guys don't
know that and today is the Manchester
City versus Bayern Munich football match
now if you guys don't watch football
it's a huge game basically so we might
be staying to see that match although it
is going on to like 2 a.m. in the
morning SoDo sorry guy hey hey hey mami
beau how you doing today look how much
groceries before holy moly
damn my mom needed to buy like a whole
generation food what the hell was that
I think Linden got here guys if I'm
gonna stake him ok he is definitely here
let's go open the door let's see is that
him yeah looks like it to me well it's
not my yo-yo Linden is here with the
swag boys a anyways we're actually going
to be heading over to hell without you
right now okay I'm gonna be honest
Linda did not yea-ah I made a get out
I made him knock on the door acting
right I was perfect that was perfect
you guys didn't even know that he didn't
just get you did you anyways right now
we might be heading over to Abu Dhabi
and we had no idea what to do today so
we came up the decision that we're gonna
go there find a good mole and just look
around okay you're going to Yakima yeah
small yes so let's go see what's up and
I would that be I've never been to a
small and let's do some shopping without
money that's good window shopping right
let's head over guys and his boys were
just about to head out Linden is movie
star damn it so noisy if you care but
Linden is moving his car cuz we're
kidding you go put some petrol on my car
Dan wait you're so - I just realized
holy you've no no I just realized out
who you are as I wait he's taller than
the foil drive car but there-there is
healed on this like okay you know it's
feel like a there's a little bit of a
hill but even this I guess it has
something but I just realized I
completely forgot how to you are yeah
what is it six foot or something
I was Sam six foot six foot there you go
there you go girls he's six foot hey
look at this line off the petrol station
guys
holy moly Majoli that is one long line
so we're gonna go home instead and we're
gonna pump it on the way to our without
me because I
there should be no juice that way will
be a lot more lessons hopefully less
hold out your get shed but you guys I
have to say you can like jab like a rope
where you can pull my car or something
yeah alright yeah that's great that we
can do that that would be an amazing
vlog live good to the rescue we just
made it back to my house Linden is now
in his car as you can probably see he's
reversing and I'm gonna follow him and
yeah let's make her wait I would like if
he's going the wrong way but he's not
going the wrong way he's going the long
way no I'm just gonna leave him to go
down the street I'll meet up with him
through this way because it's quicker
alright I think he's like a you know
what he's waiting for me to follow off
yeah I'll just follow him
all right and tell them about the story
that just happened on the way basically
okay the speed limit is the limit on the
road is 120 okay
you're allowed to go 139 before okay it
if it go 148 will flash okay no I was
going 120 this is true by the way
completely true I was going 120 and
there was two o'clock next to me going
the same speed as me and I'm gone the
camera flashes guys okay I brought you
like I literally sorry no I'm good thank
you so much I literally could Linda I
was like yo did you get flashed and he
was like I don't think I did I was like
I don't know somebody gon flash dogs
right if if I get fine I'm gonna go to
court I'm literally going to come on oh
no the thing is I think it was the cars
next to him cuz they were going a bit
faster than you but even then I didn't
think would be fast enough but maybe
they were maybe you just misjudged it
but down Linden that's not even funny
guys they do clear like the mistakes so
we good bro we good we good I hope we
good okay meanwhile in our Abu Dhabi
adventures on the way me and Liz are
stopping to have a quick bite this is
how forgetful we are I was about to go
and get a full meal guys like even
though we're invited for dinner so I was
like wait wait the only reason you come
this long because I've dinner so luckily
remember damaged like a pullout like
food for over here that we can go in I
so so like look at sometimes logging in
Palmdale I ever just listen yeah I think
I'm McDonald's here subway every
we're just going to couldn't grab some
food yup and then continue on our way
okay we just finished eating boys I'm on
my man Linda I'm sorry I made them get
it for us guys as I y'all this cone is
the best thing you ever have in Dubai it
is actually legit the best and so creamy
like it's no joke
type in on YouTube top 10 things to do
in Dubai with wonder if this comes up no
way this is like number three like it's
a high in the list
I enjoyed the ice cream I know I also
nice right
eyeball I bet to be losing weight back
I'm sorry I was such a bad influence
guys I was the one who said ice cream
these are going to your five days a week
so you know cheat a cheat day with no
cheating so we just made it over to a
ranch house and curry was here what
sighs oh what up guys and I found the
odd one out here like everyone is where
you can do it Lin did and I'm just here
my mobile oh sure but yeah it's my fault
guys I'll be honest I was supposed to
buy a much logic I I needed a heads up
guys I did a hesterberg yeah I thought
he was only 120 centimeters anyway this
place looks amazing by the way really
beautiful house you have look at this
guys we got the amazing chandeliers and
everything and yeah we're just chilling
here until the match starts so see you
guys then pshh it's not traditional
okay current name because I'm going to
kill the name I'm going to get loads of
comments about me killing the name
alright what do you call this
look what Google see take a second H
boom
so select rise with the this is a fast
water right this is our gun in this
window second side um oh you can see I'm
the one that's like it's like a motion
sickness keep up the yoga or knee
alright so Kareem was taking us through
everything to have here they've got like
a buffet going on as you can see which
is awesome he convinced me into thinking
this is avocado which is actually
chicken but they're gonna sit here at
8:00 everyone's getting ready and yeah I
love the sambusa we just finished having
our amazing dinner and we've come over
to the games room I call it right I
guess a games hema and look at all of
the dessert we have over here so what
are these by the way I don't know what
the score was something with
marshmallows in it I favorite yeah I
think this is a red patina green added
red velvet really and that's just ice
cream so it's basically like strawberry
Wow oh Claire vanilla just misses mocha
you know I'm laughing like Linden's on a
diet this is a jar of cookies Wow
Kareem favorite strawberry Kiwi Rose
berries mangoes and this is like Wow put
some oil your choice today the ones
dollar in the weirdest containers are
normally the ones that yes Wow so that
was homemade so I understand all whole
media this is homemade wow thank you so
much right because it's made enormous
house if you don't like you just her as
well okay we're about to play some FIFA
Ron has challenged me and the Koreans
that we have to vlog the results so
please guys please tell you right now
wish me luck because I want him to
Neelam run so bad
so I'm Ron ISM is very similar to me
with surely competitive and online
thinks he's like the best okie for like
he's a known camera no I wouldn't be I
admit not guys better than me that guy
if I win I'm playing Hamid next yes I'm
good I sounds good let's do it so we
finished our game yeah and I don't know
what this guy from Arsenal on it's on
steroids but I lost for Neil I'll
rematch you later on when I warm up but
we're gonna be much easier gee I think
it's modified Arsenal you know like some
way otherwise ok so just come out to
check out Mohammed's g-wagen because we
found out he has an amazing blacked-out
you again and yeah now it's Linden's
oh my god it's a Jew I know
I could imagine Linden rocking up in
this car actually looks like an indian
scarra yeah it looks like Linden scar or
guys like a nice little mean time in a
rapper that's Midlands a anyways
congratulations on the new car bro and
you actually well because he's like an
aggressive driver but this call be
perfect him he'd be flashing everyone
while cutaway road going up 200 me and
Linden are just about to head to go home
but before we did I think Linda's gonna
go for a ride in on Ron's Porsche
okay that's great did you know
everything huh wasn't that I do that
wasn't the voice the keys okay that's
the Porsche guys I was just pointing out
a run there anyways what is this Porsche
by the way oh wow
I really like the interior dancehall
clima
its lucky it looks so gorgeous - the
cream interior
I'm gonna go my car me and Kareem versus
you and Linden let's go let's do this
I'm trying to enjoy this and look at the
same time it's really hot
hi boys as you can see this is um run in
front of us right now
any finally last catch up to him I mean
he's all he's already good yeah it's bad
sportsmanship like we're not even on the
same size and we're behind him the car
before exhausts its it's disgusting I'm
sorry amen it's a really nice car I have
this problem it's like a London slang I
always say disgusting what I mean
something's amazing like how you say
it's like sick well yeah it always
sounds really stupid when we've done is
trying to go let me look at my edging
forward or again still a red light bro
calm down
accelerate together
all right three two one go
we're gonna be you know you were winning
you any we have you only lost when you
stopped
I admit I did not think this powers
oh this car is quick once once you hit
that acceleration is off nice
yeah I just said him slow down he's like
yeah anyways boys we just finished
updating some little you know
accelerations in the street guys what
was most tongue is fat by underestimate
to this what the poor tryna win the
noise on his Mustang when he put it in
sport mode yes you know I wasn't as
fortunate runner going next each other I
put at the end I forgot about it but it
doesn't make much of a difference at all
does is it it just changes later that's
it it gives me gives you more
acceleration the beginnings really you
start from three it sure you shall never
you that stop what's up double clutch
I'm not sure man is it wasn't engine is
beautiful man mashallah
what's your loss right now we're
actually going to go to one of them run
encourage friends as houses and
apparently have like the maddest cars
ever amazing amazing car so I had to go
that to show you guys really I'm ready
let's go let's see what they have garage
goals out there so we just made over to
college house and look at the cars they
have every year one of them is this
modified four five eight which just
looks amazing so I'm just gonna meet him
now maybe get ride in this okay so the
four or five a is about to get started
out by the man himself Wow
oh wow wow that is on loud car what's
happening damn this car goes up and down
holy as if a Ferrari was a low enough
like you guys you you can't drive on the
road with this really attract when it's
this low Wow look there's my hand okay I
can just just fit it under Neath that
it's just about to raise the car guys I
want to show you how much actually goes
up
that is so much guys I look look at the
difference here
yeah like now you have like a huge
difference that is crazy
Wow that this is my favorite feature
about four five eight I love the hardtop
and it actually does it itself it's
convertible yeah that's that's why I
love it like I don't like the cloth tops
I love hard dass jump in alright let's
go i real hard are about to go on a ride
let's go okay it's about time we went on
a ride boys I feel nervous everytime
next like a new driver okay so this is
the exhaust off got the ending that's a
normal exhaust that's a level four five
eight and now it's on okay that's very
loud oh this is like the first time I'm
in a four five eight that's a delivery
tool so there's your game yeah I am
my one of two Libertyville four or five
eighths I'm excited
people are scared to do the kids because
of Legos are
because action bodies were they cutting
your they cut my okay guys you early
first year Liberty would cut the for
funding money
anyways boys this car is just ridiculous
like oh my god I mean not in like a good
way like amazing Wow amazing driver you
know what you're doing thankfully like
I'm so scared like whenever I'm with a
new driver guys cuz you know your life
is in their hands but I'm glad that you
know exactly what you're doing
let's go let's go oh my god
much of us take that bet
Wow you know you're doing
hi we are back for making it into the
garage now look at the cars over here
McLaren p1
we got the nine one day can we change
that one day ma'am please Wow
just look at that the red Huracan Wow
down that car is like legit protected
like look at them it's like in a
container anyways guys awesome awesome
ride huge thank you to Harlan and his
friends for letting us go for a ride in
that this car is absolutely mental for
now we're gonna head back to the by it's
like midnight right now so yeah another
day hopefully we'll come and do more but
I really honor it means keeping my
Gayathri Wemo so thank you guys so much
appreciate and that car is a beast
anyways guys almost a day and I would I
thank you Kareem and Imran so so much
for today and yeah now me and then
they're gonna drive back so see you on
the ride and peace out just in case we
don't see Linden I'm gonna say goodbye
to him for now we're both gonna drive
back to the bar which is like an hour
drive so peace out stay golden awesome
seeing you and yeah yalla yalla let's go
guys where I red light
Linden who's challenging me to a little
acceleration nah bro keep it PG keep it
PG yeah anyways we're going on I'm
kidding we're not we're not even
accelerating I can't even be bothered my
car seems like a turtle now somebody
seems happy today
you're so happy I swear no joke
I feel so tired right now have you guys
watch that mr. bean movie where he tries
to keep his eyes open on the road that's
why I'm trying to do right now it's like
what am driving to / mode do not fall
asleep on this road I don't know he say
you know what he's suddenly get tired
that's exactly how I feel and I'm trying
to just stay focused though I love all
that died but it's like slowly yeah
anyways eyes on the road we shouldn't be
home soon there's to the camera makes me
feel more energized like I don't know
when I vlog I get more energy as I can
boost so yeah
eyes open it's like I feel like I wish I
had a toothpick to put in with drinking
my eyes I was actually waiting to be
O'Brien nobody sees somebody on the
internet because I've watched Koreans
blogs and I want to be there I kind of
thought like ironing here
I remember that today which was an
amazing guys on but yeah on my way home
and I'll catch you guys there hopefully
he'll live as always guys a little wrap
up today's vlog here it's super super
late but I had an amazing day it's to 42
right now so it's always 3 o'clock in
the morning but yesterday also everybody
I love you all
stay positive everybody happy and you
know what the deal is
Yolo everybody goodbye
