yeah yo guys welcome to another vlog so
how are you all doing gonna be honest
today's vlog is gonna be super weird
super super weird and I couldn't believe
this up first when I found out and I'm
not normally somebody that exposes other
people I'm not that type of person I
don't go out exposing others but I
really felt like this had to be shared
with you guys I I couldn't not share
this with you so basically today I got
help with an email somebody told me that
they spoiled Lana on a dating app and it
just gets worse guys they sent me the
pictures
this is 23 year old Geralyn I don't know
what I'm supposed to believe at this
moment all I have is this which is
evidence so I think it's time you went
and we just let's just see what Lana has
to say about this yeah Lana what's up I
need to talk one sec um okay yeah okay
me and the yo-yo squad needs some
answers okay and I've been realizing
you've been super shady recently been
acting weird
what'd you read you've just been acting
weird you've been spending a lot of time
painting much more than usual so I got
an email today and I'm not gonna say
much but please explain what you're
doing on dating sites miss Geralyn miss
Geralyn
what's your profile say huh open minded
and always up for a lot so can you
please tell me what you'd be doing
it's your profile
it's a dating app yeah it's been on all
of the daying apps and nobody has them
Falls except from you so are you telling
me that is a fake profile I think me and
the Yost's cord are they that gullible
moment I think we are Carolyn okay all
right
Oh jokes aside guys if you me a garel in
online that looks like my sister years
old oh my god I can I would just kidding
you're minded I'm open-minded and what
is it down for a long anyways I found
that hysterical this morning I'm joking
about Lana's been acting shakes wishes
do you think I was gonna print that say
what are you talking about oh my god
yeah it's evident it's edited so there
you go today I exposed Garrigan I don't
know it might be like I don't know
dating apps I think it might be I tinder
or something like that there's so many
ass all right you know what
case closed boys garroting is fake
that's it that's right yo your squad
Court is closed we believe you now all
right to use word cuz I what's going on
by the way I'm sorry for anybody who's
been messaging Geralyn think you're true
I'm sorry guys to let you down my many
crew fathers polka I've seen I've
written my name lawyers on Facebook on
it okay guys let me tell you one thing
yeah I'm going to leave the Lauda's of
this show Facebook page in the
description and the reason I'm saying
this is because
Lorna's official page has like around I
know 6,000 followers issue I'll leave
the link below
and there is another Lana page with
25,000 her page looks like the fake one
I don't know how this is real I don't
even have a page that if you see any
pages I don't have one yet I don't I
don't mind fan page yeah actually love
you guys that's a great thing yes it's
amazing but there are some people
pretending to be me like anyways follow
her ledger account which is in the
description okay do that too when good
guys seriously like there's some I just
typed in law numbers and I run another
profile yeah sure that what it says um
look they posted a picture of me on the
profile okay and hey am I looking sexy
what this picture especially bro every
first out of commission you want me to
upload more picture oh my god that is so
creepy or weird
hi guys look fan page is good anything
like cool but these accounts are just
like weird it's like if you just type
Lana bruise on my way to yesterday I was
on my way on a me it's a bad old video
like months ago all right well wrote
100k is still continuing Alana's YouTube
account guys I think right 70 K right
now 30 K and then we got silver play
button let's go watch so it's finally
time to actually eat this more mana
which I made like two days ago so let's
open it up and start slicing you know
this is frozen mommy I can't wait right
oh all right oh okay it's out its out
haha
anyways I've always wanted to do this
you know the videos you just see them
slice it one slice at a time oh look
outside flying that looks oh wow
and now we have a watermelon look at
this boys this is what you call water in
heaven look so nice right yeah that's
good oh wow all right Noah has that
let's go offer loan or some fresh water
ballon do you want a fresh cut of
watermelon leave the other hot water
here picked it off shrim on I want our
guys tell us how it tastes and us how it
tastes oh is that a good thing or no
this is in the fridge the nice you know
what guys
she doesn't appreciate the water Millau
dinner don't tell you just we got same
watermelon that you might holding the
other day your videos throwing about
with your dirty and vomit everywhere it
tastes the same to me wash it you toss
all your clothes my name is Jana
Mohammed's fresh water below
you guys want to smash your you're more
than welcome Taiwanese attach√©s issues
that's what I'm nice but that day you're
touching everything I told you throwing
a football and you mixed your clothes
that's okay should make we appreciate
what I'm alone okay so I'm not sure if
you guys remember this but like around 1
or 2 months ago me or my sister made a
video I were in her car and she was
doing a little karaoke to Adele song
hello and we said if we hit 10,000 likes
she'd do like a cover of the song well
you guys did that today I was like
you're gonna do it and she agreed but
right now she like practicing so she's
like oh let me test out my voice and
stuff you know as you do but let's see
if we can get a bit behind the scenes
before she actually sings so let's go my
love was over there by the way
neccessity
guys I need to take off my snipers let's
take off my favorite
bravo Bravo whoa hello for more blogs
aside no that's your pretty decent I
liked it I liked it
alright get ready cuz you're gonna go
full out for us soon
that was your practicing time keep going
okay I won't blow you anymore practicing
I promise yeah you are going in your
life hello from the other key I don't
have a voice but United not bad no bad
it's actually starting to get dark
outside which means the cats need to
come inside the reason we actually wait
why is it the lighting is so weird what
okay I have no idea how that just fixed
itself as I was saying starting to get
super dark I need to bring the cats
inside the reason we actually bring them
inside is because at night if I leave
bubbles out he doesn't come back in but
I can't even find him anyways I think
he's already gone I'm not sure if you
guys can see Kitty but she is so easy to
get inside don't see this guys you just
have to like kind of chase her kitty
kitty kitty kitty kitty look at her she
just runs inside and she's scared I was
literally just on my computer like
editing some stuff and I have no idea
where my mom and sister are so I figure
outside looking for bubbles let's go and
see ourselves
I I hear him where is he oh he's here
I've been the cause of our closer
yo-ho I randomly came to see you guys
where did you get him scratching look Oh
Oh scratching my dish you don't have any
bad scratches yeah they're tiny yeah
yeah that one is funny ah you know what
if you start scratching now holding like
this
Wow anyways there you go that was the
right light I sure I didn't know my
sister is coming in or anything okay I
want to show you one bad habit that
bubbles has the air every single time my
mom comes to read a newspaper look what
he does he just sits on it like he goes
onto it and he just like kind of pushes
it down it's finally that time where all
of you have been waiting for time for
Lana to sing the cover so let's grab the
professional microphone by the way these
controllers look so so awesome thank you
again for that but yeah there we go we
have a professional microphone now let's
go hand it to her to sing it she
actually wants me to leave the room
apparently she's not comfortable singing
around us so the cameras gonna be with
you and her you guys are gonna see
everything and I'm like we're gonna be
there I'm going to be there so I only
see it around when you guys see this
video anyways let's go give her this and
she could sing all right singer here you
go yo no no no we're not singing Drake
we're singing Adele turn that off Siri
turn that off all right
well now you have a professional set up
no I tell you guys I just brought it to
look cool I just wanted it to look cool
just have it in front of your mouth that
looks professional
yo about okay guys you see this this is
what I've been telling her imagine if
like Drizzy Drake watches this video and
he's like yo I just scouted some new
talent you want to have a microphone but
hopefully he doesn't watch this segment
but if you're watching drink call it
your boy what's up wee boy
Yala we're supporting here or you know
Chris Brown anybody we don't
discriminate if you want to you know
just give us like a hundred million
dollars either contract
yeah whoa I'm the agent over here
contact a few years are you ready to
sing this song okay hello from Mohammed
sigh I wish that you two paid me more
paid me anything others already yeah
okay where am I supposed to do this I
don't know where's your singing studio
this is your art studio we can't do it
here go to your toilet it will have a
natural echo echo imagine am i are you
guys I'm gonna tell you something I know
people use software to echo but we don't
know how to do this so we need like a
natural wave doing here close the door
of the coffin close the door of the
toilet I'll give you a natural echo
hello and then I'm like oh can you hear
me myself also I see I think if you
close this door won't echo try okay say
one hello light went on outside do it no
I don't I don't think that good I think
anyways I'm out guys you are going to be
with her I'll leave my stuff yeah sounds
good I swear I just cut the camera for a
second my sister was like oh look at me
I've got like a dot on my face
I've got a door bro I've got like a
mountain that's good what the hell I
like the biggest boy in history that
came today and she's complaining cuz
she's got like a tiny dot which I have
scattered on my face anyways salon is
about to do her cover guys I'm still in
the room but tutorial if you guys don't
have a pop filter just cover your
microphone with a sock boom boom that's
how you do it yeah now you have your
little filter there your professional
equipment over here alright boys I am
out for now you're going to be left with
Lana's hello cover let us know what you
think smash your big thumbs up if you
think she should do another cover
I thought we'd twist up today's vlog by
lettering or sing because you guys
wanted to see and yeah I'm out this is
her stew
and I'll catch you guys after the
session peace okay I see hello from the
other side I don't know if I can do this
all right
China all right guys I'm gonna do the
cover for a dance song hello I hope you
all enjoy it I'm really nervous about
this so let's get started
hello its me bar anymore anyways
everyone there you go that has been my
sister's attempt at singing it's
actually super super tired so if she
sounds sleepy like in the video late
night singing I thought with twists are
here you know anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed it regardless last night if you
want to see a repeat a back-to-back and
you might do another song leave some
suggestions down below some boosters on
but yeah I thought whist up the vlogs
with like a little singing stuff you
know change you up let me know if you
did enjoy it and yeah for now so you
guys two more with another vlog stay
also everybody I love you all today's
with like a lazy home day vlog I've
enjoyed it quite a lot to be honest but
I stay awesome of you will yellow Yolo
goodbye
hello inspired I was wondering if
Mohammad to lie to me hello can you hear
me
Mahmoud I'm in California want more it
why is it not recording
