yoyoyo good morning everyone hope you
all having an amazing day there's no
block say hi mo mom so my brother
decided to not join us today on our
little outing adventure what are you up
to more tiles a yo-yo squad moment I
can't do this a few moments later me and
mummy mo are heading out today and yes
you guys are going to be joining us on
our little adventures I hope you guys
enjoy it we have a couple of things to
do today and I hope more does not get
disappointed with my vlogging skills
because I'm usually not very good at
this
yo what is that everybody how are you
doing
aye sir I can't even introduce my vlogs
anymore like my sister takes the camera
and she's out before me but yeah I think
they're gone to the post office right
now hey buddy what's up it's only me and
you they left us anyways I actually want
to show you guys this really really cool
apt I just downloaded and I'm actually
super jealous like this app is really
really cool and I wish I came up with
the idea first cuz I know it's just
gonna go viral but I want to show you
guys so I can be like yo I was the first
person to discover it so yeah anyways
the app is called hoop messenger it's
like this messaging happen you guys are
wondering like yo what's so special
about it now what you can do is you know
how like we send emoji smiley faces and
stuff I'm going to show you guys how it
works but this is the app Boop messenger
you can take a picture of yourself
highlight a section and make it an emoji
is so so cool I want to show you guys
how it works exactly
it's super simple like you just you just
take a picture I'm gonna do it right now
let me take a selfie so that's the
picture I took all you do is you choose
it you pick the brush size which I'm
gonna pick a bigger one and you start
highlighting it simple as okay I'm gonna
highlight my face you guys can see my
amazing highlighting skills and you just
create BAM that's an emoji with my face
that is so cool
and I can just send that to anybody let
me create this yo I'm spamming this out
to my sister any Ruiz guys I thought
this app was absolutely magnificent yeah
I'm going to pop up a couple of pictures
of emojis I've made already on the
screen right now 'glitch boom okay I've
made a lot of emojis and it's just so
fun to play around with so I'll leave
the link to the app in the description
you can go download it and check it out
and also please make me emojis and tag
me on instagram send me links to it I
want to see what you guys can do with
boys you get off me online so yeah okay
guys so we've arrived to the post office
and I think this is by far the biggest
like fan mail collection we've ever done
at this post office check it out guys
and I'm supposed to fit this all in here
so wish me luck guys I don't know how
we're gonna fit so many but let's go oh
my god oh my god look at this
not gonna happen Howie
I think in my life this one there's no
way that he's gonna pay it it's too big
yeah it's too big what you know we
should have taken the Mustang for this
yeah can you put this on your lap yes
yes that's a there's no
it's time to fit this big box in the car
go are you sure we can do this this is
so not gonna work mommy I'm so sorry bye
knew I wouldn't have made you do this
how are you gonna sit with this box I
had no idea we could get big boxes like
this I'll close the door see mommy ha ha
oh you guys so we're in the car and poor
mummy she has to have this big book so I
laughs I'm so sorry I had no idea
normally like big boxes like this word
like they get taken to another branch
but I had no idea I mean I imagined a
couple of small boxes but this is huge
guys like you're amazing and you don't
have to do this for us guys are so happy
but let's go home now before my mom gets
like stress claustrophobic on this all
right so we're about to head now and I
you know I needed to put petrol in my
car but I don't think I'm gonna let
mommy in this state for too long so
we're gonna first go home I'll do that
another time so let's go so we arrived
and
is getting out of the car and I'm just
gonna Park it after she like takes the
box out because it's so tight to get out
okay guys so we arrived home and we're
gonna see Mo's reaction to all this mail
he doesn't have the key oh my god holy
shit
Mahmoud we could not fit it on me
serious yeah
no the big one could not go like even on
its own it won't fit oh I have no idea
Mahmoud I was shocked to see such a big
books I'm shocked to see this much oh
boy
Morris there's a next time I'm not
taking my card there's no way I can fit
so much we need a big car whoa this is I
know this is the one that we couldn't
fit into her huh okay I guess it's time
to take this inside they are gonna have
ups mow it that's a breakable okay so
we're gonna going home oh I think you
need to keep it separate from the ones
we got before because we kind of opened
them in order of time that we received
them so here take over yo I'm not even
gonna lie my mom and sister called me
and said you got a ton of stuff but I
didn't know expect that much and I
couldn't even take my mouse doing this
to see much is that in the Lambo delay
the next time do not take the
Lamborghini so I've actually got
something really cool planned out for
today's we're gonna leave all of this
Mel here for today but basically you
guys probably already know what's gonna
go on for the first time ever in history
Laura is going to be driving a Mustang
and not just a normal Mustang my Mustang
so let's go and see how this go let's go
I'm expecting revs acceleration we're
gonna be drifting in the streets schism
okay she's never driven a Mustang ever
before so this is her first time and I'm
actually looking forward to it so how do
you think it's gonna go
she doesn't even know the power control
but here are the keys
all right let's go let's go for a ride
you can unlock the car yes success she
got this boys wow this car does not suit
you you know that take a little girl in
a Mustang I turned it on turn it on you
know how to do that right Lana Rose
takes on her hardest mission driving a
Mustang oh give her a rev give it ever
had one revving she still hasn't moved
are you ready in order for me to get in
the car you have to bring it forward you
do realize that right she's been saving
my car for five minutes
hey hey give it a proper red light one
put it down once
Wow that Rumble one more are you ready
to do this like a suspension thing or
it's just like what what you mean does
have suspension because I'm just okay
Lola no no you can't raise a Mustang
just turn left when you're going down
okay oh my god oh my god I feel so
different or you can feel so different
yes I feel scared that's how I feel I
don't know like I feel like I don't know
the size of this car you know yes that's
why we're in the middle of the road guys
stick to your lane here
yes god oh oh Jesus oh boy what are
these buffs right it's like I'm climbing
yours yo Scott please pray for me oh gee
don't get that car oh jeez I do not
trust you at this time I'm around the
area first with this car because I don't
know put your phone in it put your phone
in it for fun it we're straight we're
straight
that's you putting your phone it that
was pathetic as hell because I don't
know you want me to like slam it down
that's how it works okay do-do on this
one
slam it
no not bad no matter doesn't this is me
but that is a speaker oh my god robot me
go
oh jeez oh my god sports going to this
car
okay I think it's about time we took
this to sports mode guys put it back
oh boy
and guys this red lights are the place
for this are you ready this is where
everything you've been trained for today
so far comes into action so yo he wants
a race yo oh my god I heard that we put
today son I got on to the London pretty
cards and stuff
like that watch our security be super
confused that loan is driving she stole
my car okay boys to finish off today's
drive let windows down car stops put
your foot down fully
oh okay so so so so so so stuff I don't
even trust it
oh my god oh boy
holy moly alright well good job low no
that is the end of the drive high-five
boom first time driving the Mustang
you know the car smells like it's
burning well is fun man that was really
fun
you were decent you're a decent another
day and I'm still alive or the feeling
here my sister was like my car is
apparently very very unstable yeah like
it's like meant for like drifting yo
check this out guys mummy mo is actually
making a male corner what we have so
much milk she's stacking you up you're
modeling I this is actually no part melt
I'm so you guys might be wondering what
this is I finally got my mole blog
shirts which I ordered so you know your
boy is going to be hooking up mummy mole
and Lana with that shirt here here guys
shirts for everybody shirts for everyone
so now the whole squad has mo blowed
shirts are those your sizes I hope they
are
woah looking fresh yeah alright
don't worry but don't worry we've got
loads over here we got we got like every
size grab this one buh-bye okay so right
now I'm actually going out to meet up
with a couple of friends you know them
esse Kareem and Linden and I got their
mold lock shirts we hooking everybody up
oh my god anyways let's go you know
would be extremely funny imagine if all
four pots warm oh blog share it's not me
and we kind of dorky but it would be
really cool any I'm not wearing my today
so maybe another day for Mustang I'm
sorry I let lawn to drive you I won't
let it happen again
she likes me all right so I just made it
over to my boys guys go s ocarina and
Linden what is up everybody we're
actually going you're like half an hour
and I literally just came here made
everybody watch me eat our owl and
that's it yeah yeah I can see my food
I'm really picky guy so I like kinda
like opened my sandwich take the chicken
out its conjugate process anyways right
now I think we're going to head back to
the show room because they haven't seen
the Batmobile so we're going to do that
and yeah I'll catch you on the other
side by the way I want to see that the
t-shirt on one of your blocks any of you
picked it or smoked Latinos and anyway
everyday
either one is enough one is another
Chanukah car is here we are ready to go
whoo what up homeboy
so you just made it over to the showroom
guys and Linden and cream are going nuts
they're like sitting and they were all
so nice at the mall look at that
look at that I thought you guys loved it
okay this is so joke so we're doing
right here basically Linda's gonna he's
vlogging now he hasn't started the blog
but he's gonna pretend like the door
closes automatically which it does but
the car isn't on and I was a genius also
I'm just gonna push it okay guys so so
just starting vlogging I do it let me
know when your first thing you know I
did give it a boy
I'll wave it to him so that you know K
so you wave with your hand like this and
I did Tim all right we got a waving
system going on
yo guy yo guys hazy curtain sick
got the literally on the floor so his
vlog doesn't see I'm not sure if you
guys remember like four months ago
Kareem was telling me about the ia this
yeah and yeah you say me how like
they've got like a huge section over
here this is how far the company is I'm
believing muttering so when you get in
the car look at it look at look at me I
think it makes it easier though no I
look like a real look when I come I know
when you come out I think it's easier
but let you can hold on to it you know I
mean brother
I look like unleash you climbing out of
a hole in line so dad so I thought it's
easier like I can let me like me I'll
just do this I'd actually use it to sit
oh okay yeah like an editor I know epic
fail
oh you like it might be a little bit how
great was that
did you look sexy from now imagine
imagine imagine you're ago okay all the
girls are never gonna get to an ia again
you've got a dress on time is my dress
yet but how the hell you're gonna do
this and I've looked like strength
amazing you got much paper don't work
out I'm gonna get up high there you guys
if anybody approaches do the i8 girls
this is how kids know this how far away
it shows it this is how far away you are
from getting sassy
anyways I still think it's a beautiful
guy I love the eyes it's a beast that
doesn't look like it deserves to be in
2016 yeah it's like a 2020 at least two
stars just one the reason is saying that
the chorus for the time loser you say
that he accidentally said Lamborghini on
his blogger or ostium very I did I like
it but because those that
so yeah it matches it dreams attempt at
getting into the Batmobile mind your
head mind your head
don't even bother closing the door there
we go
see ya wow that is that is so comfy how
does it feel it's pretty comfortable
honestly felt like a school
back up three this is this is a Butchie
that's your screen that's something
anyways guys Kareem and Linden are out
for today good seeing guys but me what's
up what's up oh shut up I know I know
yeah Leola alright don't get it my god I
just got a whole guy with a sigh
half-past ten and look who's not home my
mom and sister are out they actually had
the mall shopping right now and they are
so so lucky because this morning I
actually put the key to the house in my
wallet or else I would have been stuck
outside for like another hour anyways I
don't know I like I still get scared
coming over and over like all the lights
are off America alright let's turn on
the lights book make sure nobody's over
there I get ready to like punch someone
in case there anything light and when
the light of the money is like why are
people afraid of the dark
as always guys I'm super super tired
right now my mom and sister just got
back from the mall they didn't ban grief
like two hours I was in this house alone
but it's right because all I've been
doing I don't sound like a loser but
just the making stickers of myself look
at this one guys look at this one I say
I'm actually like kind of addicted to
this out light I've filled up my
keyboard with like troll faces and I've
been sending them out but yeah
definitely check out leave a link to
that app in the description I don't know
it's just me I swear when I'm bored I
don't know why it's just so fun to make
these like no stickers or emojis of
yourself
but yeah goo goo app anyway just catch
you guys later for another vlog for what
you know okay I'm looking online guys
okay why did it record this but when I
came inside so I came in through the
kitchen door I look to left and bubbles
was coming down the stairs
I completely shot myself oh my oh my god
I thought it was somebody and I
literally jumped for like a second I was
like oh shit I thought somebody was
kinda out
bubbles via anyways catch guys there
love you all Yolo Yolo good
