yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so look at my Mustang key today you guys
remember those from the fan mail
yesterday I think so I said I'm
extremely forgetful but or sup squad how
you doing by the way this is what you
call a filthy car guys look this damn
tree just likes to shed all of its
leaves on my car wait be right back I'm
gonna use the windscreen take all of
that off
you guys know I'm into my music and my
boy Drizzy Drake dropped his new album
like a couple days ago and your boy had
to download it yo look at this boys I
told you I had the whole album I'm gonna
listen to and tell you I think at the
moment to be honest I can't tell you if
it's good or bad but I'll try and play a
couple tracks for you guys today in the
car so yeah let's go first song I want
to listen to is hype let's see I just
like the name seven I just hit a little
more time
I I just got home I think that's enough
of Drizzy's album for now guys over
there we have a lot of species eating
our food
she's like an animal destroying the food
she's now thinking of her next move run
the beast is attacking and the Beast
okay guys now that my sister is done
eating look look what she's doing I
don't know what she's done to our
hatches with what is this things that
stickers yeah these are like sticker
tattoos you got a tattoo I did my nails
- mommy take that tattoo off what the
hell are you doing
I didn't say zoom in like someone say I
did a squad is no makeup on woman
seriously me neither
today has been a very successful day in
Annoying mana we are going to do our
best to continue without hesitation
let's go I want to do a day in the life
of wanna this is just to document my
life as a photographer I guess for a
dual honor and beauty face right I don't
know if it's a good view but do you see
it's an amazing eye on t don't believe
you look look at the bar Z good you look
at a bar the very good thing ah the best
photographer Ida peasant is listening to
music right now
at a young age of 26 lammeter rose was
working day in and day out to be where
she is today stop my music there's no
music there you're imagining oh you're
scaring me honestly your behavior is
becoming really weird
she changed brush as she needed to
change color she dipped it in a mixed
color which looks like Sharia what color
is that hasn't raised voice enough
annoying lana for today we've actually
come by the pool so i'm gonna be doing a
bit of swimming for today you know form
of exercise which is a bit more fun and
less stressful than running and yeah you
know the do I come here all the time
oh I think a bird just - okay I hope
that was not a bird I am so relaxed
right now boys hey it's getting a little
sunburned the thing is guys I actually
like it now because there's not too much
Sun I'm not sure if you guys can see
like the Sun is setting now so it's not
too hot it's not too chilly or anything
and I'm not gonna get a burn like look
at my arm guys holy moly my arm is so
burnt from like one day which I went out
I comment when it was a like a month ago
and the burn hasn't gone is still on my
arm so that's why I don't like coming
out in daytime a lot of you have noticed
that my vlog but I don't come out oh and
that's just because I don't want to get
burned
bang bang bang I got brought in the land
jeez it'll be in the phone credit cards
and stunts in the vicinity I just
finished up swimming but the reason I
should got out is madness ovation you
guys so I was underwater dabbing I was
hyped up enjoying my swim and on the
last section where you saw me like
dancing and stuff basically imagine this
floor is the swimming pool floor I kind
of kicked my foot like that on the floor
and all of my knock was cracked so so
badly yo yo look at the cars they're
actually both somehow clear today Wow
let me let me know jinx them
I just go when did you guys get more
like exactly she guys she's there
blasting music I can't I thought there's
a house boy going on what the hell are
you bringing it to a speaker what
speaker
oh that long thing yeah we can't be
bothered guys that's a girl way of doing
this Chuck on the floor hey hey hey
studio vibes with Lana hey what what up
guys today we're about to go up with the
funky yellow or my mom we're going out
with your friends you should tell them
right today but yeah my best friend all
the faster
and yeah we're gonna go for a boney I
hope we make it in time because I am not
ready all this time down here it's miss
queen latifah over here who takes why
are you so cool look sir I said to show
it to them
you see it's so bad it's like kissing on
my face and said oh look at this come a
good oh wow ah I touch under your armpit
I mean all right so I'm excited we're
gonna go out and I hope you guys can
make it in time to by the way I'm just
gonna say I suck at bowling from now so
don't all right guys come on let's go
let's go
nice catch you that bye yo boys okay we
just made it over to the bowling place
as you can see parked up over there and
yet what's up what's up what's up squad
you ready to whip ass in bowling who's
Lana themed no no it's gonna be on
street versus them that's how we should
do it that's how we should do it we
should we should be a squad for once the
day we should I here be against your
friends team like Nana we winning today
okay so while we wait for our friends to
get in here to go bowl we're gonna go
see upstairs I think they have some
games
I stepped on nothing okay we've come
over here to play some ping pong guys
and look at this wipe it and it should
turn on oh yeah buddy trying to play
some ping pong table I saw it's time to
play something for with my partner's
price that sound
let's go to zoo boy
my children
Oh
Oh
hi boys its mummy mo versus Lana let's
see how this goes oh oh my god oh my god
this is the best thing I've ever seen I
know she's got the point she got the
point yeah yeah
about to get attacked
holy Road agonizing that my mommy gave
me a rub my money there she's actually
super super good at ping-pong
apparently she used to play with a
younger brother that's why but de
thousand intense match next time on me
I'll do a rematch this is called a trick
shot all right you ready for those
watches whoa trick shot my mouth oh yeah
all right let's do this again watch it
watch it
oh are you ready is it this one's gonna
go in there ah yeah he learn okay so
we're about to play some boarding guys
I'm going first I'm not sure if you guys
can see my name over there but you know
what just to be kind of be cheap I'm
going to pick a very light rule for the
first four so let's go
it's lonicera now go alright let's see
can she hit it oh that was good
I gained next up my boy Noah's gonna go
know what you got this he's gonna beat
me with this one bully beat me if he
strikes this he beat me I'm done like
I'm done I'm Jane lien by Noah hi boys
point of view you know what I'm gonna go
with one hand
don't yell me one again I'm done I'm
done
Oh Oh strike
oh no no she hit nine
that's on the screen at least that
doesn't strike that is a strike
hi boys we finished our little bowling
competition I did decently I was doing
so bad at the beginning of my second
place at the end then go
but llanos actually like off holding her
halter best friend Harper they were
tag-teaming she's my best yeah look at
this jump guys one man one job what the
hell was I maybe maybe maybe huh
alright guys we're here oh my god this
place is gorgeous oh wow
it looks like what is that called in
America that place I have no idea look
at that it's beautiful
so we just made it over to walk the guys
at this place that we've come to eat
looks amazing look at it I'm not sure
like what is that place in America that
looks like this thing it just looks
fantastic and if you look over there
they've got a lot of mummies and stuff
anyways let's get in what is that place
in America that looks like this there's
some place it's like it's a white house
there's no is it what the hell the white
house ah named in the comment section
this place is amazing these pillars are
huge like that
I am extremely hungry right now and this
is the place we came to eat but oh my
God look at this place it actually looks
really cool in here it was even worse as
soon as you come in guys you see all of
the food you got kebab oh my god it's
all in front of you as soon as you come
in it tempts you so much more anyways
we're gonna go see inside this place I
should go like a very nice decoration to
it to Turkish restaurant right
wow that's a HOSA are we going to the
room I let's go boys
something else that's really cool about
this place guys look at those
chandeliers like they're made out of
rope which is pretty awesome and you can
dine in your private room cool check
this out do you know what this would be
epic for I love football like a seeing
area everyone can sit around each other
so check out this awesome drink my
sister got it's actually got like it's
attached it's not just ik wow it's like
this
strawberry shaped like a rose that is
epic wow that's actually really cool
okay Wow
chicken also his tummy edge we just
finished up eating over here delicious
delicious stuff I should really like the
roof they have over here I think they've
made out like wooden crates it looks so
so cool I think we're the last people
out of here I think it's closing behind
us alive thank you so much one last time
before I leave I thought I'd show you
this space because it's absolutely
gorgeous but there's something that
looks exactly like this in America guys
please comment down below it's annoying
me so so badly I just really want to
know cuz make you wonder it's not the
White House 100% is not the White House
you guys please leave down in the
comment section this looks like
something in America anyways we are
heading out
ah there's sucked I knew the name but
yeah there you go
guys check this place out Wow all of the
mommy's Vick ahead of us Wow guys this
place next FP and no entry ma where are
you going yeah you're going around huh
that's right you're gonna have no sight
sig Oh sleep up oh wow oh yes take off
your like I'm gonna Egypt sightseeing
look they're all likes like what's it
called it carved in and stuff like that
yeah these next epic have you got two
bodies ahead of us so now that what I
need to discuss something with you guys
which you probably have been waiting for
this whole block for me to tell you
about because the title probably has
something to do this so let me explain
what's going on so this morning I got
emailed from a legitimate company like a
legit company huge company and they
offered to buy basically every single
vlog I've made until now for 200
thousand US dollars that's crazy right
that's crazy and it's crazier that I'm
talking to you guys about this and
basically my answer to it is no no I'm
not giving up the rights to my videos
the reason is guys like I feel like I've
put so much effort into these videos and
they're so personal I like my life and a
daily routine and you guys enjoy them I
just I feel like I'd be selling out if I
did sell the rights of the videos now I
know they may well just be on my channel
forever and they're not gonna do
anything with them just put ads and
stuff on it but I I just can't imagine
not owning my content my life my vlogs
and it's just crazy I know the decision
like I'm not gonna lie the numbers were
like flashing in front of my eyes today
I was like damn should I do this should
I know I could buy this lit for the vlog
I could do that but no my final answer
is a no I thought I'd share that crazy
story with you guys cuz it's not every
day you wake up and see like a
legitimate email offering you $200,000
cash for just my blog that's it just
we're gonna take the ownership off your
vlogs they probably would even
on my channel gonna be honest they
probably just leave them up on the
channel just for ads on them but it's a
risk I'm not willing to take and yeah
man the vlogs just mean way too much for
me I hope you guys understand my
decision as well bro ass off you're
gonna die yo you crazy take the money we
don't care we're gonna back you in this
decision but it made me raise it to a
million and that then I'd say yes y'all
if you're the same company hit me up
with a million Andy just maybe I'd give
it over I think then do your score don't
understand anyways or jokes I'd love you
we'll stay awesome see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog yell yellow goop
