eyebrows eyebrows on fleek hello
everybody my name is mo and today we are
going to be starting a vlog vlog
what is that you saw Balaji and stock
changes like that point I've been seeing
your comments in the comment section
guys ok I'm wearing glasses boys but
come on come on brah I'm the same person
man the same / you can get this damn
t-shirt off of your hand don't think I
haven't been seeing your comments about
these glosses Navin I already I already
hate them as as much as I can and you
guys you guys have been ruthless with
your comments man I know man I know
these glasses make me look like a total
dork yeah yeah this is what you guys may
have to get used to sometime in the
future let yeah I wear glasses from now
I know it's ridiculous but anyways today
I want to do a couple of things but I'm
not sure if they'll still be open by the
time I leave this house so we're gonna
try and I'll catch you guys when I leave
this house okay
actually it's gone alright let's go
first things first before I leave today
guys it's currently 5 o'clock or 10 plus
5 a bubble's he is still sleeping what
the hell okay you know I'm sorry to be
that type of parent you know voice but
bubbles you need to wake up current to
the side boy
turn to the side and get your ass out of
bed
bubbles school you need to go to school
you're already late I don't know as guys
but he's absolutely fallen in love with
that little bed like since he like
tossed her out of the cupboard like it
was right there in the corner he brought
it down he is slept in it every single
day since I look how he sleeps as well
like he sees like a baby
anyways I need to grab some socks that's
why I came here let's put these on and
go out for an amazing day I don't know
why I got like a boost of energy today I
think I've taken something
right something is making me feel
energetic can't leave the house without
smelling good
okay now now we're definitely ready to
God okay so the first place we have my
mom are gonna try and head over to is
the beach and the reason is I've
actually realized I've never been on a
camel ride for like three years I the
last time I went was ages ago I can t
remember it might have been like five
years ago so I want to do that cuz it's
actually pretty cool like the way they
stand up is every like you think you're
gonna fall it's like it's so weird but
so cool at the same time so let's go and
try and do that from now on I think I
need to start defending my reputation
guys because I've seen people say I've
lost my touch I've lost it mo you're no
longer that racer you're no longer that
red light destroyer soul we've got some
competition we've got a Mini Cooper to
my right oh damn it damn it no no no no
oh I'm gonna catch up I'm gonna catch up
peace out uber so I just got to the
beach guys and looking white just
spotted this thing is mental that's like
the biggest sandcastle I've ever seen
and they're still building I think that
is just ridiculous look at that holy
moly
Wow that is crazy
guys my boss Wow check these out guys
they actually have made so many tons of
sand Wow
how do they make them go like is it
really hard yeah I wish you could tick
in class with us what we're cool is that
some amazing stuff guys what's this
football line
she's four-time world champion world
champion castle girl that is epic I
can't believe how much detail they can
make though like it's amazing is that
what they make you would like to stop
over here yeah these are the small
versions of Oh once you see your friend
here is about to go sculpt some
sculpting yeah you're talking about
sculpting sin is
it's made with an artist here love her
sculpt this is the right place for don't
you pick it so they're still adding to
this massive castle is it gonna get much
bigger or this is almost end this is my
last workshop oh okay the past five
weekends wow I never knew about this
it's amazing that during heart season
fine that is something I did not expect
to see boys and I came here that was
Ella's - did you see that book they have
icon remember she said like 70 tons of
sand
they've actually got like a bouncy pit
area over here as well which I think
this is new like everything seems new
here today dad that was the craziest
sank or so I've ever seen how the thing
is guys I touched it and it was pretty
solid the camel still there let's go
let's go let's try and get camel ride
guys it's always like a disco over here
like they've got like a live DJ booth
earth I'm not sure if you can see the
person y'all look at this guy's yeah
we're following the two camels they
actually speak I'm not even gonna lie oh
my god that's follow that oh oh look at
how it sits down guys
boom it's down I look at the sky mommy
hit him my mom is absolutely terrified
go next to him mommy mo is on the camel
boys as you can see okay we are on the
camel now boys
oh boy oh Jesus
oh my god guys holy moly okay we're up
this is a crazy ride oh my god it
actually it's going to a irritating on
your sitting area like that okay so
we're still on the camels be at mommy ma
I should be a bumpy ride
oh my god I think we're staying down
oh boy or sitting down
hey we're doing it you take we're doing
another u-turn we are ruling the streets
right now guys I'm not gonna lie the
suspension on this camel is not too
great some very very bumpy ride like
this guy is not smooth at all I think
they need to upgrade the suspension
system look at this oh Jesus okay I
think we are towards the end up all
right now whoo all right oh boy this
camel ride hey guys mummy mouse
recording for you guys now
oh boy happy if it's Barry
I think the camels are going to sit down
now oh boy
all right there we go boys those are
camel ride for today not gonna lie that
was super super cool look at these
things
anyways wow I'm actually sweating off of
that ride oh boy oh oh my god I kind of
feel like paying the camel but if you
know kids like his mouth I think he's
like a massive tooth in the middle look
at that guy's I want to touch him Dijon
there you go I'm touching the camera I
needed this guy's actually super
friendly I didn't know that whoa all
right that was me a mummy mo on a camel
ride oh how was it my mom was like she
was born she was so scared she's like
holding on don't say anything but I was
pretty dope met a lot you guys at the
beach today and yeah I'm actually really
happy I'm sweating no that's the only
thing it's actually really hot okay so I
just came over to the valet over here
guys and you're not gonna believe what I
saw it's not your regular supercar
they've actually got a laugher re parked
out here which is just amazing oh my god
guys just just take a good look at that
view and you know what's really cool
they made sure to let you know do not
touch or lean on the car and behind it
you've got a gorgeous Rolls Royce like
this is the Holy Trinity in the lineup
we've got like the ultimate supercar and
then the ultimate luxury car over there
oh this car just looks gorgeous guys oh
my god I'm actually shocked you do not
see these cars very often at all guys
like five hundred in the world or less
than five hundred in the world and one
is just parked right here alright I'll
take that
Wow that thing is so so cool guys I'm
not even joking like damn look at it oh
oh I don't know exciting what's going on
over here today it sounds like you're
closer and they have a very nice reward
which people have thrown on look at this
the stuff is actually really awesome all
right I'm about to do an interview for
this TV channel you guys so let's see
how this goes running your name so I
just finished my first interview ever it
was so random like they just said you
want to do an interview I was like yeah
why not so there you go I'll be on this
TV channel a moment shortage but thank
you guys so much appreciate it yeah I'm
gonna give back my microphone oh you're
too one of you guys see why guys look at
this stand over here they are hyped to
get the party started here but today has
been a jam-packed day guys I've seen
like a huge sandcastle been on a camel
and did my first TV interview randomly
like they're like you know it was the
funny thing is I initially said no I was
like no I don't want to do an interview
and then my mom was like why not like I
don't like doing interviews or anything
like it could be about anything I just
don't like it but I did it it's kind of
awkward like I didn't know if I should
stare at the guy or into the camera
doing a bit of both
but yeah I'm not sure so I wrote a
normal camel today guys but look at that
that is what you call a cool camel oh my
god oh my god
the laferrari is here what that is epic
oh my god that is an amazing I love that
guy so much I cry every time I see that
guy
one day one day on my bucket list I will
have one
thank you more Viking list more Viking
listen motorcycle ok I'm a complete
idiot I've lost my words right now but
yeah you should have left Laurie hey
guys such a gorgeous car
oh my god ah what's up what is that what
the hell why was that laughing I think
these are the demo ones oh look at that
guys this is actually like you know the
clear glass they had in the glasses
before they put all my lenses pretty
cool oh look at that oh it's so clear oh
hey a a multimode jamming gonna be Hey
not gonna lie this song is actually fire
I like it one more time final alright we
are now home oh we are now out again
boys we need to go get the groceries ah
this is so heavy oh my god let's go
let's go
yes all in one trip baby yo are you like
forever makeup being on this bed uh hell
guys I swear you come in like 11 a.m. in
the morning she's doing this coming to
p.m. she's doing this 5 p.m. she's doing
this
let's completely change the subject guys
I'm gonna pop a picture right here okay
my sister's YouTube channel has 65
thousand subscribers 65,000 and she's
got eight videos that's almost like
10,000 per video it's like 8000
something but I don't care how the hell
did she get 8000 subscribers per video
that is what I want to know but I'm not
even here to here I actually want to
motivate you guys to go subscribe to
that channel I'll leave a link at the
top of the description and the reason is
I want another server play button like I
want that silver play button again take
that but yeah so we need to guys if
you're watching is please every single
one if you like you don't have to stay
subscribed as soon as we hit that 100k
you can go unsubscribe it's right but
I'm saying like they don't have to stay
a subscriber just please do it cuz I
wouldn't see this I want myself I fine
fine
work not just some scar for you and just
get off my channel by that subscribe if
you're gonna appreciate it guys you
subscribe anyways we just need a 100k
we'll get the silver play button and
from there it's history I swear but what
does that be crazy to have like the
first person to hit 100k subscribers
with less than 10 videos less than 10
videos the hell they'll be like we say
yo you do what up YouTube
we did it we did it yo guys I was just
on Instagram and I saw this amazingly
cute photo look it's a dot kissing his
baby look how adorable what did you
think it was guys my sister I don't know
what she thought no it's it's a poor and
it's a dad kissing his baby what the
hell are you guys thinking look at that
guy's that's the guy's head that's the
baby
and that's his body it's as simple as I
don't know what's wrong with this
generation nowadays you're sick minded
person what the hell are you thinking go
to mommy just let me hear what the hell
are you sure you mama mama mommy I've
got a beautiful boy to show you look at
this look at this look at it it's
beautiful it's beautiful mommy look at
this what is it dad Wow she found out
from us screaming so loud it's a
beautiful picture Oh what are you making
guys look at this this is one of my
favorites I feel like so disgusting no
I'm just getting curtain look at that
it's like a doughnut so before I do
anything else today I just want to show
you how much mail I still need to go
through you see that guys that is all
letters from you guys so we're going to
do a very very casual mail time today
my mom's go arty I've got my crisps and
yogurt we're just going to start dipping
away you know just just casually now
we're going to open your mouth so let's
get into this first thing one dollar
from an anonymous sender thank you I
appreciate it
bubbles god damn it god damn it but if I
shot the Lucy shouts back at me bubbles
bah bah bah bah bah jeez oh my god why
why when I'm recording oh yeah great so
next up we got a postcard thank you so
so much
this is from Germany thank you the
circle of life Thank You Josh for
sending me this one dollar which is
military money and he also sent us a
silver one dollar which has now been
turned into a button if you see that so
you can just grab it there which is
really really awesome so thank you so so
much for that pretty cool stuff
okay thank you for the offer Lilith
thank you CR for this Nigerian oh it
looks really really cool and I think
this is the first one I've got that
looks like this I'm not too sure but
thank you for this buy more you can have
that whoa psyche new that's mine I'm not
sure if you guys watch Harry Potter but
this layer looks like you know the layer
you get hype are to join Hogwarts it
says every beginning has an end alright
let's see what's up this is definitely a
la plan
disguise there's loads of petals in
there and stuff like that
I'm guessing this might be for Lana okay
you know what this this is for Lana
we'll give that to relieve her take it
what are these oh damn look at this oh
my god mummy mole holy moly that is
Effie look I got one Israel yeah it's
got lovable and Adi on it and then this
one holy moly
you're wearing focus yo look at this
guy's Lamborghini on one side and the
plate number on the other side this is
for Lauda and this one is for me muster
oh jeez my cats are fighting right now
guys guys legs off each other guys break
up the fight man break up the fight damn
that is epic thank you so so much my man
is small for setting that buy that is
dope this is the final thing I would
open for today because you know I try
and keep it simple so that is a very
cool magnet I got okay let me without
reading anything I'm gonna guess this is
from Mike Finland I'm not sure this is
the correct flag let me know alright
let's see if I guessed it right oh geez
that was unexpected holy moly
dad oh yeah now is definitely unexpected
wait that's Russia wait wait wait
oh no let's bid hland all right you guys
guys
okay that is Finland that thing I okay
after reading the letter so these notes
are from Russia these notes are from
Taiwan this is from Finland as well as
this keychain anyways all of that was
from Jimmy thank you so so much and that
is gonna conclude my mini mail time
look I finished all my crisps all no
more that is a go finish your mail time
time thing why is he so mad holy moly
look guys guys no she is look at this
guy's Kitty's head bubbles is somewhere
up there I bet you she's gonna run for
him oh no they're gonna fight uh-uh
don't go don't go I would wrap up
today's like you I hope you have enjoyed
if you have you know what to do
me and Bob me today went on some
adventures so I hope you like them we
got to go on a camera which was really
funny she got someone for another box
they also already I love you all don't
forget you guys are the best don't let
anybody bring you down and yeah y'all
hello good boy
