that is way too big yeah
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so starting today off with that fresh
beard so basically you know some days
where you just wake up and you want to
change yourself that's how I'm feeling
today so I wore my running outfit which
is this and I feel like I need to do a
bit of exercise today so that's where
we're starting the vlog fitness mo is
back on you know what I'm gonna stop the
flapping and just do it anyways let's
get on this run and yeah catch you guys
off stir when you see me I'll breasts
and stuff so peace oh my god oh my god
guys holy moly okay let's go take a
shower and I'll catch you guys after
pshh six hours later it's actually been
a good couple of hours since I'm
finished running and I am not joking
I've been struggling to breathe
throughout the day right now I'm
actually gonna go collect my glasses oh
my god I can't say that with a serious
face cuz I I just hate glasses I'm gonna
be that nerdy vlogger from now on I work
you know what I'm gonna make a
commitment you guys are barely gonna see
me my glasses like I'm gonna wear
through my editing and stuff but after
that I'm taking them off I'm not
worrying around I caught I it's just not
me one more thing
I leave this house you thought I was
tired today this cat is dead she
literally looks dead on the table
anyways let's head out like I sure I'm
huffing and puffing every time I come to
speak by the way look at my Ma's hair
she's gone for like a curly hairstyle
whoa
kill him hey curly hi it looks good it
Lucia all right boy so we are back at
the glosses shop to pick up my new
shades ah let's see how they know I know
how they look like cuz I got them
yesterday but some laugh lies you've
really like nowadays are these ones I've
seen a lot of people wear them you know
the ones shaped like this I'm not sure
if they'll suit me no let me try this
one on moment of truth guys let me test
these bad boys out
you know there's a big difference like
you don't realize that unless you're
wearing it like there's so much clearer
like this is like 480 and this is like
HD like this is like 720 1080 yes yeah
Wow so we just came outside next to the
Burj Khalifa guys and I swear like now
it's just shining with the stars that
normally has but there's some awesome
patterns that keep on turning on and off
which I'm going to try and show you guys
so it should be dope I actually got a
little clippers on them so I'm going to
cut to that now and ya see if I can get
any more because it looks amazing
check this out we came outside to look
at the Burj Khalifa and there's an
insane display going on whoa that is
amazing Wow
besides from the vorcha Khalifa I have
to show you this Hummer cos this is one
of the most ridiculous cars I've seen
look how high this car is look at the
suspension of that thing like the
suspension alone is almost as high as a
four-wheel-drive car that is just
madness right here this car is an
absolute beast it could literally run
over other cars I look these are
four-wheel drives next to it and this is
that much bigger than them that is
madness I don't know what it is there
something about flowing war that changes
color that looks so cool to me I check
this out guys this thing keeps on
changing in color just looks amazing
it's just so soothing to look at me my
mom came to have some tea and I've been
testing my new glasses on their menu
like I feel like I feel like I'm a
parent you know when your parents like
put on their glasses and take them off
it actually does help them how you do it
this is what you Colossus one out here
I like my mom my oranges just got here
guys but look how tall glasses are over
here they are massive
my it's actually very nice guys check
this out this is this army
it's farting we're just about to head
off home but before we go there's one
thing I need now
I told I'm not sure if I told you I want
to do a cool trick with a warm Ellen and
I need to we have one at home and
basically the two warm Ellen's need to
be the same size so my mom actually
measured it to this length I don't know
how this is gonna work
apparently this is the measurement of
the warmer than just this thing in my
hand so I I don't know how she got to
that conclusion that one string could
measure every single dimension of the
watermelon for her but let's see let's
see guys look this is how my mom
measures our watermelon is that the
perfect size are you sure this doesn't
even look like it the one at home looks
different I doubt it but if you say so
okay we finished up over here time to
head over home it's actually extremely
hot like it's getting hotter by the day
summer is right around the corner I'm
swag just like from a five-second walk
in the parking lot senada how I want to
do something that they're waiting to do
for a long time now you guys probably
have seen it on YouTube but there is a
ton of videos of how to skin a war
method basically it makes it look like
you got whole war men and you kind of
like skin this really really cool so I
wouldn't move myself to war melons and I
feel I try out myself with mummy more
this site guys remember cooking with
mole and mummy molds this is like
bagging so let's get straightness and
see what's up
first things first we need one of the
war melons to be cut in half so that's
one
now let's go straight down the middle
boys I yo this feels so good there we go
BAM why this is warm an adult look fresh
okay now basically what you're going to
want to do is you're going to want to
take out the hold of the inside of this
warm and so I'm going to try and do some
sort of cheap thing over here okay jive
seen online people do you want me to
help you yeah I think no favorite be the
best so as you can see guys so far the
only thing I've actually done is make it
look cool so mommy actually brought a
proper like scooper right now we're
scooping the whole of the insides out by
the way guys this warm ending is all
full it tastes absolutely awful you can
tell by the color like it's not even
fully red whoa that looks so cool guys
look the little cubes I made they're
coming straight out Wow
that is epic
and that is the second watermelon whoo
amazing okay so once you're done with
the inside of the first layer guys you
should have a lot of water melone it now
we're gonna go to step number two which
involves the untouched warm and okay so
instead of number two guys it's going to
get a little bit trickier base any what
you want to do this is you're gonna try
and skim the warm and it's so we're
we're gonna do that just taste the light
I just start cutting the skin from the
outside just like this do this all the
way around as you guys can see I already
tried to start a bit and messed up
because you need a wooden jumping board
do not forget that where you're going to
make a woman my soul it's very simple
just like this okay walk way through
guys I just gave up mommy will is taking
over it's actually quite hard to skin a
warm atom boys yo you got the biggest
piece of skin ever in one go it's
starting to look so cool guys don't you
think oh yeah oh yeah
okay so once you are done with the war
Madden guys it should look something
like this
you got no bold war method alone on its
outside now you guys probably know what
to do just take the skin which you peel
it off let's just grab this right you
might now help me out with that and you
put this watermelon in there so I'm
gonna show you how it looks already
you're acting this will fit my bro doing
everything wrong well mommy
that is way too big yeah what now my mom
took the measurements in the supermarket
like you guys one thing make sure the
watermelon is the same size as the skin
all right here goes nothing boys we've
realized that the watermelon we bought
was way too big so we're cutting it down
cut it cut it cut it
I think this this end has a massive butt
so that's what we need to cut I just got
a massive battery right there so I think
oh my god all that we're gonna mess out
so bad for you guys we are kind of
finished with our formatting guys I get
basically what you're gonna do now is
put the poor man's skin on the warm a
tin as you guys can probably tell we but
that's what money do you have a face for
this now I peel this one oh man yeah all
right guys it's finally time to show my
sister the watermelon but before we do
we thought we have to fix up like what I
have a trick with this vide so me and my
mom are quickly gonna chop it a little
bit more and try and make it fit inside
here okay so be right back give us one
minute here goes nothin guys this is
probably the worst thing you've ever
seen on YouTube the worst attempt at
this anyways there we go boys
there we go Lana's coming down
those guys to see my magical creation
are you ready are you ready to see this
amazing piece of artwork okay it's a
water ballon if you can open it open it
look how it is more than it looks better
- magic trick we peeled it very
carefully
no but Suzanne missed it to take a side
of nah you bite here bear please see
that is where you cool a water melone
it's cool right how we taught this
special life and it just goes like
inside is surprises knocking it's too
Mormon - let me show you how we do this
I think you this is oh my goodness are
you seeing why did you guys do that this
is me eat all of that and we're going to
make a drink with it that's cool right
my simple understand basic worst opinion
why don't we open the cover up yeah
she kind of turned it or residue that it
wouldn't make sense with the knife that
Christine I knew this was a to go that
is how you speak that's actually saying
this idea I die so what soul I give this
dross don't drop it
no why is it so Ben I just need to be
gone teach me and with that I'll be
gotta enjoy today and yeah giving your
scription alright we know I felt like
doing a male time for some reason why
the street and boy okay anyways guys I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog we'll see
you tomorrow and yeah see you guys
tomorrow
yelling you look good bye
