ah
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
we are back in action so today the first
thing I actually gonna do is gonna go
get a haircut your boy looks a bit
scruffy but besides from that I've got a
cool idea for a video today I'm not sure
if it's gonna work out good or bad could
go wrong very badly anyways basically
when I was in Africa in the marketplaces
I bought something I didn't tell you
guys what it is because I wanted to keep
it a surprise
but you guys already know what it is
about this I want myself a slingshot now
today I want to try a challenge don't
try it
just don't try at home I want to see if
I can get my sister to like feed me
chocolate with this or anything so I'm
going to go out buy some like motifs
rare O'Shay any type of circular
projectile type chocolate and yeah let's
try it let's head out and go out and he
cats behind the door no by the way look
at this guys my mom's got like an
adorable Eiffel Tower keyring okay whoa
what an amazing day it is oh by the way
I forgot this hat in the car yesterday
and can you guys see the color has
completely changed like this this is the
color it's supposed to be and then the
rest of it is what it's turned into is
turned very very light hakuna matata
hey welcome to my
hi boys I'm just about to go out my
haircut let's see how it turns out babe
all right haircut is dumb boys as you
can see all freshened up they did a
pretty good job this time okay I need to
go home now
and oh yo sup man
hey what up anyways that was pretty cool
just that one a few guys and took a
selfie by the way I quit you have to run
in because I forgot to buy myself
chaplains but now I've got it so I just
finished taking a shower and for the
stunt that I'm going to be trying next I
need a lovely assistant which is gonna
be mummy most so her role today is going
to be taking this link shop aiming at me
and trying to land some marshmallows in
my mouth and then what she's completed
that we're going to go to the harder
task of malteses basically this can't
really choke me and I'm gonna see how it
goes the marshmallows but the Maltesers
if you get them straight in my throat I
think I might die so we'll see how it
goes let's try it out
and yeah I'm not even sure if
marshmallows will actually propel
because they're super light so let's
open these up and see how it goes oh you
seem expired
they're nomads Wow wait wait wait wait
hey hey poop three soon what in my mouth
three two one
ahh ok ready ready three two one go dear
Robin ooh marshmallows is a complete
fail I think we should move straight on
to the Maltesers yo that was so boss
guys I served this guys in my mouth it's
gonna injure me ah my eye was open
Oh what the hell
oh my god it hit my lip and it hurts so
bad you know what guys it took way too
many efforts and I don't feel like using
anymore Maltesers for the meantime I'm
just gonna play around with the ones
that I've already pulled on the floor II
I'm sorry mommy
oh okay I'm quickly getting ready to go
to this dinner type thing I absolutely
hate wearing formal t-shirts guys but
mommy mom she's forced me to wear one
okay I don't know what's happening guys
but I have seen your comments number one
and when I wear like trousers like this
why there it is my arse no fear in them
like what the hell guys look at the side
you bein like what the hell why why was
I mean really business no I think keep I
took away the whole small I don't know
what it is guys I literally it's a good
I'm not even gonna say it mate whoa all
right your boy is looking fresh to death
right now but there's one thing I'm
missing and that's a tie so why not wear
the tie that got made for me while I was
in Africa Bam Bam
check this out boys now I'm ready to go
out or not what up this so I sweat I
would literally wear this tie out guys I
would but unfortunately mommy mommy come
here can I wear this tie out
exactly
eggs that why not mom it's one of the
most beautiful tides I've ever owned in
my life it's slice okay please calm down
below is this embarrassing because I
promise you I'm not joking I I think
this genuinely looks super nice to wear
I think it looks unique cool and
fashionable but my mom just doesn't
approve okay everybody is finally ready
to go out which means basically my
sister finding already if she is the
only one that ever takes long show
started about half an hour ago to be
honest I don't know even though we're
technically late most places I go for
events it starts like two hours after
they say so we're kinda on time we are
go guys turn off the lights house out no
sorry no more time peace
so we just made it into this of a guy
that is pretty huge I'm not sure what
you saw the day I'm like a red carpet
and inside it's watching water let's go
Wow look at that guy
as you can see guys if the Lord show
going on here but check out the food
they have it comes in like this massive
thing if you can see that that is also
that's pretty cool
anyways we just sat down our seats guys
as you can see what up what up this lady
looks amazing yeah we're here for our
friend's wedding if you guys remember
that reserved for more vlogs Lana and
mummy mo that's what's up
this place is brave man you guys and I
think that's like a lot of famous people
well I don't know who they are exactly
like I just see like loads of cameras
and stuff on them anyway they're
exploring this place because it is
beautiful and yeah let's go to ground it
actually decorated this place so nicely
like there's like these huge flowers
even bigger than Lana over here which is
just like intense this is a really nice
though shawl right here it looks like
you're covered yeah you can see
everything anyway I feel bad because I
don't know exactly what this event is or
it's like this it's like in preparation
for Ramadan which you know is the month
away
a false thing happened would you check
out this awesome seeing area they have
in the middle it just looks fantastic
they design is so nice and I look at the
war and everything I really can't
remember this being here lost time and
they built the tank or something
really
oh yeah maybe there was a walkway over
for the wedding anyways regardless it
looks really really cool guys that is
long strip imagine they had fish in
there is all that be cool it's time for
us to get some food and they have like a
huge selection over here
yeah the Desertec amazing check this out
guys they were like a tower up look at
that guys that could actually fall yeah
they've got so much fruit over again
look over there my favorite the fountain
okay we're only gonna have this after
our food guys gonna have it now and by
the way just looks so cool now it's got
my finger
by the way he is actually a very very
famous singer dear device yeah
I just finished eating my food that
we're on to the desert which is exciting
bar look at this guy's lawn is just
stealing all the gold parts so what you
want to do is sell it here by the way
check this out guys then you're like a
palm tree and it's made out like dates
you see it you take it
see you can grab one pages pull off like
a ball
oh yeah it does Oh to be honest guys I
only came for one thing which is the ice
cream and the fountain check this out
they brought my loads over here
thank you so much thank you yeah a lot I
got so much get me some marshmallows
that's the only thing I have hey hey
this is what you call dessert boys I
want like yeah that's enough that's good
yeah that's good
what happened I love that so much
oh boy I like to move it move it mommy
no and Lana having some Moroccan tis a
marking t-that it's cool
so why is it see-through though that's
just home alright
mix up high that's what's up that's
what's up
I was wondering why let's go see food
all right boy so we just finished up
over here it's a pretty cool event and
delicious food is served but now we are
heading it out thank you guys so much
yeah by the way this place always has
like one of the nicest entrances ever
like they've covered it with roses and
petals and stuff like that like right
under those petals guys is war if you
can see I'm not sure if you can but it
just looks fantastic before I head out
let me show you this car I just bought
in the parking lot looks super super
cool I don't know what it's good because
it kind of has like a Chrysler logo but
I'm pretty sure it's not a Chrysler I
don't know let me know in the comment
section what it is but regardless looks
very very unique and cool and funky so
yeah hey I swear this car looks so mean
and valet sometimes guys I really like
it I'm not sure if you guys actually
remember this but before we went on a
holiday
we had come from like this event and my
mum left the packet in the hotel we were
supposed to pick it up on the next day
but never did it so that's where you've
come to now you've come to pick up our
back here if it's still there I don't
know if it is I don't think it should be
to be honest it's been like five days
but regardless we're back at the hotel
we left it up and yeah let's see if they
open up all right I'm just staying here
in the reception I think they still have
the bag they're bringing it down the
double check if it is the one I'm
talking
but this face is just so cool to chat I
like the view here haha it's obviously
like just look at this guy's
oh my god hi boys
one week later and we finally got the
bag
wow this bag has been here for a week
damn I even have to sign off for it guys
that lost and found and mummy finally
got the bag okay we can now finally get
out of here get out of here here by the
way there's a gorgeous Wraith in front
of my car kind of takes the attention
away from mine but you know okay
yo hey hey you song learn don't blow
yourself with me why tell me why tell me
why you oh so there's a Lambo it looks
to be like a white rockin okay
let's get to the left hopefully like
speeds pastas okay as we watch you're
right
okay so we just got home boys and the
cave woman is walking with her feet what
the hell were outdoors nine other people
paparazzi's gonna get you slacking now
what the hell you're gonna have fungus
on your feet now look at that guys we
actually go a couple of gifts today at
the event so much is the torture
circassia
anyways guys let's open up the gifts we
got today look what we got we got a load
of chocolate - oh my god and we got like
three of them guys let's open up all of
them boom so I don't know what my
brother is doing guys okay so I thought
I'd arrange all of the chocolate
together guys and see how much we
actually got I remember like having you
know Smarties and every time I used to
arrange the Smarties in like colors
yeah so I had like red green yellow
brown yeah all the colors and what I
dude I start eating the one with the
most like nuts color so I'm not sure if
Sony tried that before did you try it
yeah I always do that I don't know a lot
ones I think oh look at this the amount
of chakra we got is just phenomenal we
already counting calories right now what
this is why that's a lorry around it
okay you're gonna have to fast forward
it so basically we need to eat all of
this to make it bad so who's going first
what you want would you guys want I'm
full okay so it seems like we're not the
only ones that love chocolate in this
household guys bubbles bubbles this is
not for you I don't want you to think
this is for you at all because this is
mine all mine
no no you greedy cat get my chocolate
bag Oh No
my my I know here you're mine take the
chocolate I hate him he's gonna lose it
he's gonna lose my chocolate bar uh-oh
Oh Oh BAM
they stole my chocolate bar guys come on
man come on bro you want chocolate raise
your hand you want it you want it all
right
oh they both want it it seems like
bubble is super happy with all the
chocolate he's got so he's decided to
sleep with his legs open
what the hell boy what are you doing
move aah
so what happens when you eat too much
chocolate guys you can barely move fatty
okay bro I'm sorry I'm sorry
before we go to sleep I just want to say
today is the night that Lana is
officially reunited with her chocolate
Nesquik powder or whatever is chocolate
milk basically and by the way I know
before you guys comment on her pajamas
yeah I've already told her it's one hand
I want to go skiing it's okay George
guys you've got the funniest pajamas
ever it's like this what is it the
Panthers Pink Panther some ridiculous
man like what the hell is that you let
these are my pajamas guys look how nice
and simple they are and she has a Pink
Panther one would you have anything else
by the way what other ones you have
Betty Boop one she has a Pink Panther
one anyways as always guys I'm gonna
wrap up today's vlog here I hope you
have enjoyed I'm something give you guys
a heads up some cool things should be
happening I won't say much more I'll
just wait it out and see what happens
but yeah stay tuned for that any see you
guys some more for another awesome glow
by the way guys don't forget
be positive stay happy don't let their
hands bring you down because all if you
are amazing and I love you all and yeah
just keep doing you for now see you
tomorrow yellow yellow good boy
