is that it
Lucas you're looking at to the stop
staring ass ass oh look at your line now
fucking balls paid off but it's fine ass
hit us Oh
good morning everyone welcome back to
another video so starting today's vlog
out with my sister she is finally in the
vlogs again I'm a rapper now rapping on
the roads
yeah my sister's been working on music
for a wild guy so that's why she's kind
of been off the blogs but she is back
today yeah she's gonna be taking over
the vlog really yeah go forever
okay we're about to go it's just on
business meetings with my brother cuz
you know he's balling out here yeah make
that moola basically our friends are
coming from out would that be we're
going to a business meeting let's go and
let's have some fun
yeah yep that's my area for you guys you
see everybody thinks the same way as us
she said do you love me lonely partying
on my bed my mom I'm sorry
no alright guys so right now I just made
it over to the mall and we are doing a
family reunion
if you've been away times I don't even
know if my fans know you anyone my boy
Kareem after I think one year of not
seeing him it's been about he is back on
the vlogs and he is here basically today
we actually have a plan we're all gonna
go to the desert they get 750 like I
don't even get that many views
give me if each of you press the like
button he's gonna get something a little
kick right now we're gonna head over to
my house the crazy thing is Kareem has
never been to my house bro were you born
in 1926 so why did you have that number
hell no it doesn't make sense
does that make sense we're back right
now we just made it over to my house and
as I told you Kareem has never seen my
house before so to make sure he doesn't
peek out we put him in the boot of the
car that says I don't mind you guys I
think it's time we take him out before
he dies all right Kareem are you ready
to see the house all right open it up
welcome to my crib I was the bump ow how
was the ride
welcome so what'd you think I think it's
a lot bigger than I expected really it
doesn't look this big on camera this is
much bigger in real life holy it looks
like more like a cloud gang's house do
you mean you've got how many floors
three that's a good idea
we should make a youtuber house in my
house easy you've ever got me how many
subscribers you have not tried to Cali
on his hand anyways guys Kareem is here
we're gonna go inside and chill for a
bit bro what do you think about the mo
blogs would it mean to be insensitive
why
apparently this means I'm dead guys bro
okay so right now we are actually going
to do something very very exciting guys
so it's been a very long time since I've
seen Karim so I feel like it's time to
do a lie detector test with him what
does he who are blind about girl I
listen guys do you think I'm even lying
about in one year a lot of things can
change the way you feel about me the way
you know the guys human today I'm gonna
find out courage still likes me or he
doesn't I'm gonna be really honest I
don't to be electrocuted
okay do you like me you know what she
doesn't like me do you like Ron I said
I'll bet you any money that I can make
him say what I wanted say see no one
asked you for my guy let's ask a
question that everyone knows it's true
no are you married
no he says oh my god what have we done
right now you see this feels like a real
gun so basically right now I gave creme
de gun bro it's fully automatic so if I
holiday she's gonna keep you guys that's
gonna keep going look who just rolled up
to my house before we're going to the
desert Mirage you just made it here guys
we're about to all go to the desert and
basically last time you guys criticized
us for not exploring enough right this
time we got the whole squad there any
bro yeah
Oh hahaha all you ready bro you know bro
what are we about to do discover the
area alright guys so right now we just
made it into the desert and I were
quickly setting up our bonfire check it
out damn
so right now Omron is actually going to
be making us tea hey what are you doing
bro bro you're about to kill everybody
we're about to make some special
character Oh bro is this how you make
tea well we don't have anything else
alright guys so right now we just made
it into the desert okay
and we're about to go properly export
this time so you go on Raw behind the
camera
we've got my boy Roshan who is just like
one great bro oh shit are you okay he
should get an axe this time this time
we're gonna go as a gang all right I
know I could see that bro is this a good
idea bro where are you going this is so
scary right now cuz remember where we
come from so I've said three cars this
recording one two so basically over
there there's actually a light and it
looks like there's a house that are you
sure what it is because it's in the
middle of the desert why is there having
good I'm really scared about this guys
we're walking in like in the middle of
the track if you see in the background
there's a light okay I'm not sure if you
can see on the camera guys over there it
seems to be like a house
you do realize raw shit is about to kill
somebody this is someone's property they
might have if there's a crazy dog here
or even no cream there's nothing listen
listen when you hear shit moving in
darkness that's your time to turn away
oh you gotta be brave today
it was Birds is this a good idea when is
it ever a good idea to love the woods
where there's no life and there's no
people so basically right now we're
literally just kind of lost in the
desert
Imran heard some noises for some dogs so
we're trying to see where they're coming
from because basically there's actually
wild dogs in the desert and they'd go in
packs that's what's the problem is that
we're never coming back I'm not coming
back to this place anymore
Imran that this is dumb right you let me
come home only for dogs yeah hi guys so
for now we're actually gonna be heading
out of the forest that was probably one
of the dumbest ideas to come back
alright I'm sorry I'm not going back no
guys honestly we saw stray dogs like I'm
not listening guys it's not safe do not
do this am i honestly I was a dumb idea
I don't know what we were thinking to
come back with I was done with rocks and
he ran away straight away yo wrong
should had the ax and he ran away
straight away guys alright anyways for
now we're gonna get out of here guys
listen don't do this guys don't come out
at night especially in the dark it's not
a good idea alright for now let's go
home
you
