yo everyone welcome to another vlog good
morning how are you all doing so first
things first we just arrived in Dubai
like three hours ago I don't know why I
ended my blog and I just started you
know right away but I have to show you
this thing so basically the other day my
sister got this thing from a souvenir
shop in like Zanzibar and it is so
creepy like just show them what if look
as I is the creepiest doll ever and it's
just turning I swear like this thing is
like I told her don't bring it in the
house I thought it might like they're
they so weird guys hey guys I look at
the face it's like a aliens no it's like
a little just round ball type thing it's
creepy man it's really creepy and it
should it should not be hanging on our
Lantern it just look it's freaky and
haunted are you an angel
at this age this is like a demon demon
begone by the way guys I want to say a
huge thank you to one of the yo-yo squad
which I met on the plane basically if
you guys didn't watch yesterday's vlog
when I go into plane something
recognizing and they're actually
watching my vlog they were like in the
same section as us as all and they
actually went and bought like me mummy
bow and Lada like all perfumes so huge
thank you to the guy for that like I was
so embarrassed I was like no you didn't
have to
- thank you so much I'd yeah if you're
watching this seriously thank you so
much like yeah I just amazing Lana got
kooky as she says Gucci Gucci I got my
Gucci perfume that's like a diamond it's
like a diamond play button that booty PI
once put it PI thank you oh look at that
gorgeous espresso so I can smell it
Bobby mo also got one that we really
want to open her sores is Versace
Versace Versace Armani Versace's
with mommy's permission we're gonna go
open her perfume is oh I think mallanna
said Versace perfumes always look really
cool so let's see this one oh oh oh that
looks fancy you want to take her I smell
it that's really nice anyways there you
go boys that's mommy most perfume that
she got pretty awesome alright so I was
gonna go pick up key and bubbles guys
but I'm Way too tired and jet like so
I'm actually gonna sleep and my moment
sister I'm gonna go pick them up so the
vlogging is going to be in their hands
from now and then hopefully once I wake
up in the afternoon we can continue from
there but I'm really really tired right
now so yeah good night guys it's like 8
o'clock in the morning I'm going to bed
and yeah mommy and Lana are gonna go
pick up the cat so yeah good luck with
that I'm sleeping by the way guys you
know and I said I'm sleepy like a lot of
Lana move move
you need to go pick up the cat's yo by
the way vlog Judy's in her hands guys so
if she's not energetic you the hawai
alright guys so we're about to go pick
up kitty
and bubbles so I'm looking forward to
this I feel like I really missed them so
much and so we're gonna go in the Lambo
today there's more is actually sleeping
right now he was very tired and
jet-lagged as you saw I guess we finally
wrecked pick up kitty and mumbles I'm so
excited we're gonna see them after a
while and yeah we really miss them so
much so close oh no that's not boss
lovely tea oh oh
recognize this where's kitty kitty
where's kitty all right then
oh there's kitty I can we can open more
scary Balboa kami Rama's parties being
playful now come on bubbles you remember
me Bubba's come over us
we missed you Bob boy we missed you okay
look at little de mutti mutti girl she's
not coming out are you guys so I managed
to get them in their box and they're
going to go home and hopefully they'll
be it as excited as we are because we're
they're gonna go out and play in the
garden and yeah so it's gonna be
enjoyable
thank you so much hello buddy
Hey oh they peed inside their box okay
yo guys what is up I just woke up from
my nap and yeah I came out as a kitten
bows are here a lot of my mom actually
brought them home and they're having a
lot of fun like they're just back here
sleeping here and bubbles I don't know
why he's still got this habit of going
under currents and sleeping like he's a
bride what's up buddy what's up he's
like the bride look at him who's a good
boy who's a good boy I don't let's just
let him relax there but guys let's see
do they like this you reckon they like
my king do you let her get away
no oh that was a good catch anyways you
guys are awesome I love you they still
actually remember us guys they haven't
forgotten like they came upstairs or
meowing like why did you guys do what
for three days by the way guys mummy mo
has been checking right Amy mom are you
sleeping in your heart and she's hiding
from the block and by the way guys since
I've got back hey she looks slow it is
okay basically I don't think I know
issues like telling me don't put me in
the camera and then in the background
you can see her in a little hot I want
to show you guys a huge problem with
owning cat so I just came and I was
sitting by the window and I spotted next
like a food there's like a ton of ants
and look how smart they are guys so at
the beginning I didn't really notice
them because there's not many of them on
the tiles but if you look closely along
the strip over here look at how many of
them there are like they are exactly
going in like this L shape look at this
side oh my god they like form like a
colony and if you put that to the side
you see where they're coming from
they're coming from like this little
hole in the ground which is just insane
in it what it's like hundreds of them
here it's like our house is getting
infected damn but it's actually so cool
like they'd create like this l-shaped
line for them to get to the food and get
out I guess I start wearing like
camouflaging there's so many of them
over there I don't know why they're all
over there's no food over there and
they've just like all huddled up over
here like yo what up what up what up
okay so me I'm mami mo are gonna go out
there to do some shopping and yes I
thought I'd wear my new hat I like to
move it move it I like to move it move
it you're like oh oh
move it I saw everyone listen
this hat reminds you of King Jude in so
much guys guys I think I've come back a
changed person I seriously have like I
feel so refreshed and different you know
it was a good little holiday like to be
honest it's one of the nicest places
I've been to so if you guys haven't
watched any of the holiday vlogs please
do cuz honestly I think those are my
favorite videos ever and you can tell
they changed your boy swag up a lot
anyways let's go do some shopping hey
hey check that out boys mummy mold my
King Julian hat by the way guys this
house she took the guy like five minutes
to may actually less than five minutes
to make like that is awesome like with
Leafs and stuff it's been a long time
without you my friends
guys it is doggy oh he's so fluffy he's
so fluffy yeah okay so he just got back
from the supermarket guys and since it's
been a long time we haven't been
shopping look at the mouth bags like my
mom actually bought told me some food
yeah go give him some look at this guys
look at this even bubbles confused about
how much food we got not about guys were
actually gonna cut to a segment of a
vlog I recorded a week ago basically I
recorded this Mel time and I didn't end
up putting it in the vlog because the
vlog was already long and I wanted to
have like an extra video in case I
couldn't upload while I was in Zanzibar
but that wasn't case because the
internet worked perfectly fine and
basically I'm just stuck with the mail
time segment right now so I'm going to
come over to that and then we're going
to be back since today's already been
like a short vlog because of the jet lag
and all that stuff I think it'd be a
perfect situation to fit in the mail
time so see you guys after that peace if
you guys don't know my pure box I'll put
it right here I keep forgetting to do
it's always in the description if you do
want to know how to send them stuff but
yeah without further ado let's get to
the mail and see what's up okay oh that
is some cool stuff in there Dan alright
so straight up getting into the box
bracelet any much well oh by the way
guys don't judge what she's wearing I
know she looks weird but love it is that
that's her fashion sense so this is
what's in the box guys it's like a box
inside the box and there seems to be
jewelry coming out of the box Oh whoo
all of that came out there you know
alright guys we just have to change our
angle for the recording but let's show
you all the beautiful gifts we got right
now so amazing I'm a big thank you to
you for sending us these check out look
this is just some of them
there's more I don't know if you can see
it from that there is so much on the
floor guys look at this
you're beautiful guys but I've also got
a customized necklace oh it says nutty
on it I don't know if you can see it I
also got one too so I'm gonna wear that
right now there you go
so thank you so much it matches my
outfit today so that's actually pretty
cool it's such a coincidence as well
thank you so much outfit totally love it
packet number two now the reason we're
opening this is I think there should be
cat toys in here and my mom really
wanted to see what's in here
so all right okay so getting into the
packet we had a lot of bubble wrap so
yeah that's pretty cool and then we have
a plastic bag whoa this is not cat food
that looks so cool oh hey nice hat never
seen very cool is so much nicer than any
other hanging is like Alicia's it's what
you is that what oh oh oh it's a watch I
think it's a watch anyways that is a
pretty fancy watch thank you my man I
appreciate that
look at that it's not like this block a
dark blue trace had one of me like this
sort of strata like a very classic
design very nice canyonville color so
Wow okay thank you so much for that
watch I appreciate that
another one in the collection this is
pretty awesome
what is that love us o lord I gotta give
the okay I thought that was cat food any
idea how to get relief oh there's cat
toys Wow
your cat t-shirt this is gorgeous if I
could cat galaxy whoo oh that's exciting
on my right side I'm a small thank you
thank you yes somebody got it right I
wouldn't wear this but I'm wearing a
dress oh you don't know oh this is so
cool
guys no I guess you play with your cat
like that is so cool like on another
level guys are you okay no like this
stuff is what like drives and grades
they love these things like and I've
never seen anything like this a glove
with these this is the first time I've
ever seen something like this so unique
whoever came up with that idea is a
genius this is genius yeah you keep the
cupcake business
okay just quickly what would you sleepy
you know that Maya don't do that
poor kitty woke up right now guys we're
gonna play with Kitty much more edition
I'm just looking at you I'd like to
sleep rock it myself in the morning yeah
we should have done this in a morning
this is so cute it's oh it's for you
this for mommy what is that it's a
ballpoint pen but it's not just a normal
looks like a cat yeah it's actually a
very unique sort of pen
all right guys check this out this is
actually a pen if you see once I open it
there we go it's like a longer cat pen
which yeah insane
that is so cool how does this stack down
yeah it's dance sideways it actually
stands like how a cat stance so you've
got this is the table
there you go perché 12 awesome well at
least if you hook them up another here
look there
hey guys I woke up the cat to try to
play with them now they've raided our
milk our peanut I think they like this
seriously
Celeste says hello guys my name is dead
and I'm writing to you from Denver
Colorado United States of America it's a
snowy April day and fellas my
impersonation of an American accent guys
but yes as Mohammed I really enjoy your
vlogs very posting it a lot of fun to
watch I also love cars and cats say
hello to everybody and your mom and the
cats and yeah y'all know Yolo to
everybody thank you thank you mama I
appreciate all the cool stuff you sent
us this has I feel very very grateful
this happening feel like an American
person don't you think like an American
person drive a monster mess have you had
to work to finish up today is no time
guys we're gonna open this packet and
this is actually from Abu Dhabi which is
the capital here in the UAE so I'm
interested to see what my homeboys have
sent me so let's get straight into this
and see what's up the chute baby yeah hi
so getting into this it's for you we
have a pair of sneakers okay guess he's
free all right let's see before opening
it it's aus-8
so this cannot be for me I'm in u.s. 11
I think this is your size this is UK
seven-and-a-half that I don't know you
are you're seven enough okay
I jump in the water you what's your
sizing you yes like it's close actually
much closer to her than anything so
bamm-bamm
I know this is actually a very nice pair
of sneakers it's for me Oh
is yours the shoes aren't every sister
oh thank you for breakfast on fire my
boy that is so cool it has like a color
changing effect you see that that's
gorgeous Wow thank you so much I need a
script or author I got them you know I
know how to make sneakers in my
collection so this is probably one of
the first ones I have so big thank you -
this is actually really nice I actually
like these guys I think maybe if they're
like two sizes bigger I would've stolen
them but you know so thank you so much
Yousef and yeah heels 14 all right 40 I
just don't know which country that way
once at once it okay so these kicks were
a back for a lot of guys and they're
forever
okay so I had to be mad
these kicks were in fact my boy use of
guys and they were for a lot of that by
the way my boy use of awesome what sizes
we are I'm a US 11 go ahead and tell
them whatever sizes your
I just think I'm a 45 4-0 but I know
which country that is yeah sometimes our
UK six and a half like open-toed
slingbacks and then there yeah clothes
shoes which is you
yeah sneakers and basically if you want
to buy shoes to get them from me she's
too complicated but yeah us 11 don't
forget these are pretty cool basically
set in lights they change color if you
guys can see that it changes from like
reddish to greenish to blueish I know
we're the worst at showing this we're
just turning to shit what is a purple
yeah my boy actually has like a sneaker
shop online or something on Instagram so
it's swag underscore apparel but thank
you so much for these kids I think I
might just stop them like I might keep
them because they look really cool peace
out and see the rest of the vlog deuces
me my sister just found out something
really cool about these shoes guys so I
knew it changed color but look at this
okay flashlight what that is crazy I can
check this out properly
alright guys and look at my phone okay
you see the shoes babe and look at that
photo guys that is insane Oh anyways
that is a really really awesome shoe and
I've got the watch you guys sent me
which is also really cool but yeah Wow
today's mail time has been on another
level man there you go this is Lana's
new look if you stand up I think you're
gonna look hideous yeah I know don't
stand up with that but it looks really
good it looks really really cool you see
that it's got like a galaxy design to it
you can model the yo-yo squad t-shirts
they send us but yeah guys how we are
back guys that was the mail time I hope
you enjoyed by the way check it out the
tie I got from Africa I put on the wall
now and I've realized like the colors
started fading do you see that like the
green is turning into like this light
green type of white color if you see
that I don't know why I think maybe like
the the fright I don't know what you
what the life of the leaf is going so
it's just becoming like light green so
lawn is gonna communicate with key for
you guys
I miss you wow that is so adorable guys
she's like she kind of lost her voice
though so cute look at that oh just yawn
right now that's so adorable all right
I'll let you sleep no kitty so cute all
right I'm gonna wrap up today's Loki I
hope you have enjoyed it today I've been
really really tired so I haven't done
too much blogging like going out but
hopefully tonight I can get some rest
and tomorrow we'll be back at it we've
got a lot of things to do tomorrow
actually been invited for like a dinner
I think so we're going to that and a
bunch of other stuff so yeah see you
guys then once I'm fully rejuvenated
like flights take a lot out of you
especially because we didn't want like
three days ago and another one last
night so I was like oh in the span of a
week so yeah recovered well we'll be
back with you guys as always I love you
guys all stay positive and happy don't
let anybody bring you down always have a
smile on your face and yet keep doing
you anyways see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo goodbye
