you
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today as you can probably already
tell something special is going to be
going on I've got the keys to a very
very cool Aventador roadster first off
let me get this off my chest I
absolutely love the color of this car
let me know what you guys think I
actually think this is the best
Aventador roadster I've ever seen this
one in particular has a DMC body key
which makes it look really really
aggressive at the front ah this car man
this car I just love the combination
just looks superb oh my god okay let's
go switch it on because this has
actually got a very very loud exhaust
system so I can't wait for you guys to
hear it let's go okay wait just look at
the interior before we do that ah it's
just breathtaking guys it's just
breathtaking okay so I'm in the
Aventador drivers seat right now and I
think it's time to switch the car on so
let's put the key here let's get a point
of view 'no foot on the brake flip the
switch and start the car
this sounds so mean right now before I
go in an extremely boss passenger ID I'm
gonna go on a small little ride myself
alone in this car so yeah come along
so so loud it's just ridiculous like all
believe it okay I'm gonna put this
camera down and connect the GoPro so you
can see the ax let's go and they'll
drive so if you guys don't know this
action my first ride in
No
oh boy guys
there's guards creak so this action my
first time driving in my first
acceleration in an Aventador let's go on
another one are you guys ready all right
let's go
oh my god
let's go again okay third time lucky
oh damn this core has a kick to it
I think I'm done for the day boys okay
now I'm gonna hold it with somebody that
actually knows how to take this car to
its full potential it's nice
okay that was my little drive in this
car but now I'm gonna go on a proper
drive with Sherwin he knows how to take
his car to its proper limit and he is a
much better driver than I am so let's go
for a proper proper Drive in it but
today has been officially my first time
driving an Aventador I swear like when
you put your foot down on it because
I've never driven in the bedroom but you
don't know exactly how much power it has
so it's kind of like scary pushing it I
like not knowing the boundary but
amazing amazing stuff now he's taking
control and he knows what he's doing so
yeah I'm excited
okay so we're all strapped up and we're
gonna go for a ride in this beast let's
get ready Aventador is just have the
maddest kicks ever that's why I love
them
me
oh wow
traffic it'll hold us back
this car is absolutely ridiculous like
every time we hit the acceleration line
through my heart just holding on in
place I think this car is like extremely
loud and I was like a punch when you hit
that throw so everybody around you knows
you're coming
you
I feel like we're in a war the one race
right now I'm making our way to the
front
grazie
I think it's got a good braking system
you see like the car in the front light
you should use a hood
what
that's my friend and you supposed to be
recording us but they just call it catch
up to us
my backpack and roll
oh boy am i loving this ride right now
everybody
Oh with just coming here has made my
lips go all out
dry right now uh I'm sorry about the
keep my lips a lot guys but it's just I
I caught
Oh
they've got love core action today but
you know on the other side of things we
also do have a very nice view of the
virtually but Wow
see even from all the way over here
ha
this is a lot many guys that he can
actually take into full limit that is
something I would never do
whoo okay we are done with this beast
for today guys I hope you have enjoyed
Wow I'm slay like when you go in this
car best believe that there's going to
be a huge adrenaline rush in your system
damn I'm back at exotic cars just want
to give a shout out to them for making
today possible and also shout out to my
boy essa for hooking it up I'll leave
his neck down in the description but I
actually always just love coming here
checking out the cars because they
always have such a good inventory I look
at this like this is the Mirage GT
there's only 25 of these in the world oh
my god look at the inside of that thing
it's just superb over here we have a
couple of other beasts one of my
favorites is this the Black Series SLS
anyways I'm gonna head back out not sure
exactly what we're gonna do to continue
the day but it's already been amazing I
hope you guys have enjoyed it okay for
now me and my boy essa are rolling out
in the seventh series for today so I
normally take the Maybach we switched it
up what's up my boy we're in the seventh
series today boys this is one of my
favorite tracks we're reloading the
track what's a song called by the way
all the way up all the way up okay so
you guys can come on out
nothing can stop me I'm all the way
which won't show me what game we never
leave money we never sleep ever
you got beat well past movies okay so
we've come to have dinner at this
Lebanese restaurant which my friend
recommended but look at the view of the
Burj Khalifa yeah I know sure I think
that's like an airplane over there look
at that that is definitely not the mood
okay that's like a helicopter I'm not
sure exactly what it is but I'm gonna go
inside have a nice little meal over
there you said it should be really nice
so I'm kind of excited to eat okay so
we're just relaxing over here at the
restaurant ways but I thought I had to
show you the food look at this we got
like a huge mix crew over here we just
finished having some sambusa we had like
a cheese pizza over there and we're all
kind of full right now and the food just
got here so because we had like a huge
start over here so we're going to try
our best to finish as much as we can
I think a lot of its going to be taken
away we just finished having our meal
and I see two guys doing tricks on their
BMX is in front of the Burj Khalifa I
wanna go and see if they'll do any for
the vlog so let's go and see if they
will king over here and Sam King is
going to do some tricks for us in front
of the board so
hiking that was some good stuff over
then well there you go way Sam and King
did some little tricks for us in front
of the Burj Kalifa to be honest I think
we scared them away now they just let it
I think we scared them out of their spot
now it's time for us to do some tricks
Esther do it we're Lee hey imagine so we
just came over to the Bible guys and we
came to this place that sounds like a
lawn not had a dessert so as you can see
like their whole thing is about Nutella
and my friend thought that these were
for sale and we actually came to check
it I look how big this thing is like
compared to my face this is nice like
it's completely empty by the way I can
easily move it but they're not for sale
we just check but I think these small
ones
look at those I think these are like
little keychain nutella's they're tiny
anyways we're gonna stop by here and
have like a little pancake oh my god
guys
the man Nutella over here look I really
like these ones I have to buy one in
damn imagine these are for sale guys
that's like probably like 3040 kilograms
of Nutella do you guys know I came into
the shoe section the other day to look
at some shoes but guys I promise you
guys like awkward seeing these led
issues like not these ones specifically
but generally led shoes that's the only
shoes that are on my mind at the moment
that I really want like the ones I saw
the other day where my favorite ones the
ones I kind of look like these some easy
type design and they have two LEDs at
the balm but these actually look really
cool as well my opinion look at that
anyways I'm not sure man
look at this boys this is what you call
an over-the-top shoe this looks like you
know they've dipped it into like goat
slaying and it's dipped out these are
6,000 guys it actually looks pretty
solid like if you touch that you hear
that sounds Rock yeah knock knock who's
there
lost DJ session with me an esse for
tonight boys
hey I remember this song so much baby
yeah
freak ghost show it that is a wrap DJ
esse mole finish fishing today I'll
catch you guys at home face oh I just go
home guys and look at bubbles how do you
miss anybody have you missed me guys I
shred like he constantly sleeps
oh he's stretching oh my god he's missed
me look at him look at him he's upside
down right now guys I what what are you
doing I was what what are you doing guys
I swear as soon as I get home
he just starts playing right he starts
acting ly sleepy it's up just so I play
with him it that what's up buddy
anyways vlog July bubbles let me know
guys I'd literally think guys I didn't
really think bubbles is the star of the
show don't you think look at him who's a
good boy oh wow
why the hell did he just randomly
scratch me
guys he's ticklish in the belly so and
every touch if he starts scratching you
cuz he doesn't like it as always
everybody I'm gonna wrap up today's look
here before I do though I want to say
two things first of all if you're
something that ordered ammo blog shirt I
think about now some people are getting
them so please please tag a photo of you
wearing it on Instagram just tag me in
the photo and I will check it out and I
might even post it on my page don't
worry if you don't want it to be posted
on my page just quickly mention that in
your description and secondly today was
actually an awesome day I want to
apologize for not pushing the aventador
too much the thing is I could've vollis
too scared to because it was my first
time driving you and I I don't know why
I normally prefer somebody else driving
the car but as a reason you guys have
seen your boy drove a Bugatti and an
Aventador that is two amazing cars so
yeah don't worry guys Adventure
I'll start you know pushing these cars a
lot more but they also already I love
you all I have a lot of cool things
planned out in the near future you know
bright bro that's always gonna be cool
things and yeah actually for what to let
me know what you guys want to see I know
you guys are still waiting on mummy mode
to sit in a 2000 horsepower GTR I will
make that happen guys basically it's
just gonna need some organization I just
need to get my hands on that mm more
power GTR and we'll put mom emo in it so
yeah anyway stay awesome everybody I
love you all and yeah mummy you are
going to be in a 2000 horsepower GTR
soon they hit 35,000 I don't know how
you guys did it but it happened so you
best believe it's going to happen
sometime soon anyways love you old
yellow yellow goodbye
