yoyoyo everyone how are you doing
welcome to another vlog so if you
couldn't already tell today's vlog is
going to be very special and we're going
on holiday right now we're going to the
airport we're gonna go to a place called
Zanzibar it's a beautiful beautiful
island my mom's got the tickets let's go
I don't know how I kept this in and
didn't tell you guys but today is going
to be a travel vlog so let's go cars
waiting for us and head off okay let's
go boys let's go road trip check that
out there's like a vibrant tomorrow I
think that is cool
while we're on our way Lorna has found
herself a Rubik's Cube and she's playing
it apparently she can do this in a
couple of minutes but
okay we'll give you half an hour if you
want if you can complete you're still a
monster we're gonna fall for this
footage like x50 and your frodeno gonna
be done yeah you're like uh I have my
time balance oh she did it is magic
she did it good no way that's not good
enough for the year Scott oh my god
so you just made it to the airport by
the way this is my sister's favorite
number and that's the car we came with
today anyways let's go everybody take
one where you got three mini ones for
once we have no big bags which is
awesome right yes we packed light for
once you don't like traveling heavy you
always come with like 50 kilos Lana say
bye bye bye bye currently just checking
in boys it's funny because we actually
have nothing to give and normally every
time we're checking in we have too much
to give and so it's a good change for
once I just found out something really
cool apparently mee-mah mee-mah Alana
are the only three people in business
class so you might actually have an
empty section to ourselves and it's not
sure maybe people come in last minute
but if that's true
that's going to be awesome look at the
new rules swag ways are not allowed boys
do not take them to therefore because it
is a dangerous object
okay checking in with successfully
finished boys I like she's so excited
that we might be the only ones in
business so yeah let's go through
security and I'll meet you guys on the
other side me my mom and sister all
split up because we've started buying
like chocolate and toothpaste and weird
stuff that we forgot to bring along with
us but check this out guys this actually
looks so cool it's like this bottle and
yeah it's like shaped like a skull which
is pretty awesome we're just getting all
of the essentials as you can see
chocolate chocolate crisps and yeah
pretty much all we got time to go into
the lounge guys it's actually my first
time in this one I've been to the
Emirates lounger 4 so let's see how this
one looks oh you almost broke the door
congratulations
okay so we're gonna go upstairs to check
this place out guys since it is my first
time let's go follow Lana the leader
upstairs actually looks pretty nice it's
like a little seeing her who upstairs
looks much nicer wow we got newspapers
guys by the way this was the newspaper
that Raschid was featured on college
times that's the one my boy Rachid was
in remember you had a story on him good
memories now maybe I'll take this copy
you know what let's take this and
they've got I think upstairs is much
cooler man this is nice
oh look at this
okay the only thing I'm having guys is a
hot chocolate from this machine they've
actually got some pretty cool seeds over
here which is these there you bring
uncomfortable to sell but they just look
cool like so on it I don't know how to
position myself on here how do you do it
we're actually total rebels guys
basically I don't think you're allowed
to bring your own food in but your boy
went and got like a huge takeaway for
himself
drinks um Blake food on fleek oh I feel
like such a rebel by the way look at
look at this guys I got so much ketchup
this is what you could addicted to catch
up guys
I got myself 17 pieces of ketchup
because without ketchup I actually
cannot eat my food right it's just a
habit I'm sorry it's a habit the flight
we're taking is actually going to be a
pretty long flight and I'm actually
excited the reason is I want to watch
some movies i watch movies in a long
time so it might actually be pretty fun
just like skipping through movies
I just came to have some dessert and it
seems more like fruit vegetables
everything we got a lemon cake guys you
got a cherry its Alana is actually
having something what is that what's at
or mister what the hell is that she's
taking everything guys she's taking any
cake you don't forget we need the
watermelon watermelon it's a colorful
dessert bar we have over here Lana's
gonna be trying out a cafe latte
macchiatto type Oh what did you miss the
cup there you go that's your drink wait
there we go okay we are now going to
enter the aircraft boys I think we're a
little bit late so let's get headed
let's go let's go let's go
imagine if I said I'm wishing that
there's nobody else there's actually
nobody that's cool I feel excited we
actually need to take a bus to go to the
airplane and it does seem like we are
the only one and nobody else taking this
bus so let's get on it I feel like a
real football player because you know
they said over I'll be rolling by the
way outside you can see the airplanes
ready boom look at that Hey look a lot
of voice Hey look at mommy mom holy moly
boys the back felt the back we just made
over to the airplane I think it's even
the one on our left
more the one on our wife based on the
right all right time to get off let's do
this let's go okay we are now getting on
the plane boys we just got seat on the
plane as you can see boys here my more
one side one on the other side there you
see behind there the determine they are
actually empty so we just put everything
up I really want to take uh something
outside actively I don't think you're
allowed to be bopping again so
it's alright by the way we're over at
the front of the airplane and if you
look over here guys that's where the
cockpit is which is awesome Lana's
getting spoilt for choice as you can see
like at war please playing a demon heart
voice so we're just about to take off
I'm so happy
keep a nice wild seeds to ourselves so
just pretty yours okay I'm in my private
yeah I'm gonna be honest guys you know
what it is I didn't tell you I did I
didn't want to act like you know but we
bought one of the Sheep
all abductors always didn't want anyone
else in our section then we're a boss
I'm such a lie guys ok no he didn't lie
with us inside a nobody just came but
there you go
we the bosses we are here yeah Charlie
get defensive on this is how you know
Lana just feeling too ahead of herself
she's finding her nails like what he's
inspiring her there
guys look at this I'm supposed to run on
money dangers like these nails
a better cat got time to
I'm just telling you my food she looks
like if you know the posh people that's
in there but like oh my god let's start
filing your feet on the plane leave like
some cross the skin on the floor we
could take on trust me like what the
hell no by the way yo the Kabbalah
Kabbalah
this is a very woman's cheese do see
gosh you're like I will try and tell
people about my channel and the worst
thing is they have no height
on the laser lighting nope never heard
of you
what is the other you haven't even seen
one video you like I'll show you one of
my most viral videos of fashion I even
showed la da da da da la da da
laddoo bifida the things that we do on
the flight and we fix our nail I want
you to keep your ears open we are on the
Rockaway track at any moment now they're
going to hear like the engine
the key part here is open
and starting now
Center
this is now definitely a spa day for you
all towels you're finding your new hose
what else could you on support she still
has that triangle thing on our hands I
want from the stickers what is that
going to go is it permanent what that
was that thing stuck by Alby I cannot
I'm bad at this
I told you a study was it is my
there we go here yet get back into Bobby
to go back to honesty but yet
moisturizer with
great time to flavor that's really cool
you know
yeah I know that'd be awesome so we
actually decided Oh what are you doing
mommy - what the anyways we decided
we're not going to have our food because
we ate in there or so we're just having
some light snacks as you can see check
that out some light snacks we've got
some pistachio and stuff like that and
yellow tea we'll just call it a yellow
to make it yellow drink it al assad's
ha tastes okay boys lights out I think
it's time to sleep
see you on the other side I found myself
on bare spot guys
when they're exempt you
on the floor
and everyone dig something
we've decided to turn this plane into a
picnic
we're just sleeping on the floor why not
Yolo Yolo don't forget your yoga
guys mom was sitting on the floor on
that side I'm saying on the floor on
this side everybody's in the family
mudiad seats in the other four always
need a flight we're doing a spot a guy
keep
this is going to Shaban with great power
comes great responsibility tissue girl I
hope you're ready for this I think we've
got three hours left on this fly boys
and I got a curious to see where we are
oh okay
I can see clouds I've found a way to
show you everybody else on this airplane
let's go
let's go back in thank you Lana's doing
her absolute favorite thing guys
three items they have what you only get
what is it
my sister Brittany wants this thing but
she only likes the bracelet part and not
the watch so ask if they have only the
bracelet like a simple pearl design
check this out guys I'm getting myself
some lip balm oh yeah it's got
everything sprite coke Fanta that is
awesome guys that is so cool right yeah
I'm getting that
okay boys so I decided I'm gonna get
this and my sister isn't packing again
or watch tight
it's been a little like crystal thing
printing an unboxing in an airplane oh
boy so she bought herself this cool
watch this armoire I really like the
Pearl part more than the watch I think
that's the cooler part alright let's see
open it moment of truth here
they
boy it looks nice
that's actually really nice I think yeah
it matches it
all right wear it anyways guys check
that out check that out my sister's
wrist game has been updated a he she
took off her old watch now she's rocking
the new one guys I just want to show you
if you're too lazy to stand up and
operate a TV this is what you call foot
screen new technology foot screen is
like clean out of the plane there you go
you technology shows Alana can operate a
TV with her foot by the way guys if you
ever go on this airplane make sure to
wipe your screen down don't touch it
with your hands
your mummy mo somebody gonna put their
foot on that just just to let you know I
just want to say guys there's somebody
saying behind us other than the
annoyed person ever we've dropped like
finicky things behind us so if there is
something that seeking to cure us
she's throw the tissue back there
you know the Warhawk everything has been
chucked in the sea fine so thankfully
there's no divine as today there's good
you guys I don't think it works with a
shoe oh it does it does yeah look no
this is where you go talent boys if
Lucas is hurt
it's good foot scrolling I'm not
touching that TV ever yes
and in the street right now
fit
I'm not going to wake her up but it's
pretty funny we're just about to land
and the view looks absolutely gorgeous
guys check this city out look at that
guy's oh my god
it's just so cool sing somewhere so
different to where you live you know
we're flying over all the buildings and
everything this is cool man this is
absolutely cool it's very open okay
we're going to be spending one hour here
and then
we goes to the island which is a very
like a 20-minute flight so we're in a
stapler and then the recession I was all
along
airplane blows ever the things I just
feel comfortable voyage because there's
nobody around as I drove like my home
you have things that they attach to the
airplane they're doing it right now if
you can see that it's like this
remote-controlled thing and they're
moving it towards the airplane look at
that make sure you hit it make sure you
hit it on the spot mate oh okay
no it just kind of bumps that's where
everybody's gonna go out from guys you
see that that is the exit wow that's
awesome
oh okay it's still moving it's still
moving okay so Lana and I are in the you
go that's a cockpit or yeah cockpit like
that check this out
that is epic you guys are almost boy
yeah that was an amazing landing by the
way oh okay nice tonight you're being
tough on Chris
okay I'll judge this like that all right
can I get one this up you know what it
is your boy mole became a partner as
well
yeah know what the bonds do but they're
pretty cool yeah there's like millions
of fun it's amazing
that up and down thing yeah that's
pretty awesome alright thank you so much
guys I wished you would do it I promise
dude we did it
okay boy so we're just about to land it
was a very very quick flight but I
barely see any lights like whatever we
have
like the dark patch of ground
okay we are officially here very just
getting off this is actually pretty cool
I like through a tunnel that is epic
here oh my god okay my hands looking
like a mess we just got off the airplane
that's right behind us as you can see
and get on the airfield in Zanzibar look
at all of the airplane
we made it we made it boys all the way
around the world
also yo guys check this out this pathway
is where we're going from and if you see
like on the sides it's kind of low and
when it rains the rain comes all the way
up to where the street is kinda okay we
just made it over to the hotel boys and
check it how its raised it's cool it
looks like we're like wow yeah okay my
my camera call picked them up but your
eye scan anyways let's enter guys they
got like a TV screen over there check
that out oh my god this place looks cool
woah thank you so much
coming for the island spirit so we've
actually come along the beach and we're
having this like barbecue over here it's
absolutely amazing they've got
everything fresh being made sure look at
that guys fresh shrimps if you look
across here they've got everything oh
okay Wow my sister loves fish this is
why I came here for I love this oh my
god and amazing the smell is making me
hungry already
they've got like what did you call these
a Cabana is it a Cabana I don't know I
don't know where I just got that word
from did I just make that word up y'all
and look at it guys it's straight
opposite the ocean it's that night so
you can't see it but in the morning it's
gonna look amazing there's so many stars
it looks like here they can see like if
they see this much on the vlog imagine
how much more is a real life guys
because you're only seeing the ones are
fully loved never seen so many stars
like this in the sky like so clear it's
like I've seen them in more
yeah no I'm roll I here right in front
of the ocean here like it's just like
about ten meters away so we're just
about to have ice cream and check out
these spoons they have over here it's
like an ice cream shape spoon oh my god
this is adorable and you fill it up with
ice cream Bon Appetit
so it's been an extremely long day
everybody and I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here but before I do check out my
room I actually get my own room to
myself which is awesome and journal okay
on my bed it looks so so awesome guys I
got like a swan shaped towel
by the way for all of you wondering
where this is it's called the island
beach getaway it's really really cool
and look at my bed by the way the best
thing which you can't see now in the
morning we're gonna get an ocean view
which is just insane
it's it's going to be amazing so because
of that I want to wake up early I'm
gonna wrap up today's look here and I'll
shoot two more for the best views and
days you're ever gonna have with us
alright say all some love you would be
on a Yolo goodbye
