yo yo everyone how are you doing good
morning welcome to another vlog so this
whole morning I've been hooked on these
like cheese bulls and I don't know why
I've actually been like this red cord
spree I keep on throwing them in the air
and catching them so hopefully I can do
it on the blog if I missed you guys are
bad luck so let's see if I can skate
guys ready oh my god that was so high do
you see that I'm not sure I've logged
there I let me do it one more time okay
you guys alright second time lucky you
are
Oh back to that just in case you guys
missed both of them because I have no
idea how the footage turned okay I'm
gonna put the camera here all right
watch this is going to be chopped in the
air and I'm gonna actually come down on
my knees like this and try and catch it
so it's gonna be really really like a
long distance okay if this works we'll
be cool oh I'm the best all I'm done I'm
literally done with life right now
alright so basically I was on snapchat
today and I saw this beautiful piece of
man or that one if you guys set in I've
heard it guys I licked really just rude
there with one snapchat so take a good
look at it now and I'm going to show you
what this looks like with base saw okay
are you ready for this okay boy so as
you see all our boys as you see on my
phone right now that's what you call
beautiful face are and then BAM that is
how you worry that's how you ruin
somebody's fan art and it's so creepy
cuz every time I tap on it the face is
swamp around even more so at the moment
my face is on my Bebo mommy's on me
Lana's I don't even know of me actually
and then babe it swaps the me on Lana's
face that is gross anyways I'm sorry for
ruining that piece of fan art for you
guys I still have not done face up with
Lana which I've just found out so let me
know if you guys still want that to
happen hit the like button or just
comment down below
but yeah that will be done soon I'm
warning you from now we look hideous on
each other's faces but if you guys want
it then we could try yes all right let's
get on to the exciting part about
today's look so yesterday if you guys
remember one of my friends actually went
and bought me some very cool sneakers
and I want to unbox them for you to show
them what they are you actually saw it
in one of my blogs you've seen this
sneaker but very very briefly but you
actually went abroad every which is
really awesome
it's not long okay the guy that boy is
good seh seh di there is our laughing is
because he recently just opened the
YouTube channel hood as he HD so yeah my
boy is now a youtuber you can check him
out I don't think there's any videos on
it but regardless as he hates you you
bought me them shoes hi guys my sister
just went outside now quickly guys she's
trying to okay I'm not sure if you guys
saw there but my sister quickly went
outside I just locked her out
and she's trying to get what you want
what you want look into the eyepiece yes
come close
oh say please say please and I'll let
you in please alright calm down
you look so funny when you're in the
eyepiece
it makes your bracelet like a chipmunk I
goes a little round and stuff alright
let's get straight to the sneakers guys
so first things first it is a pair Air
Jordans I love Jordan boxes like I'm
gonna be honest like the box is one of
my favorite things so let's get straight
into this first thing you're going to
see is the packing paper so it says 23
wool over it you know air jordan 23
michael jordan MJ right there
I'm gonna be honest I don't even know it
was Michael Jordan number 23 Bible uh
and here is let's go straight into the
box oh okay that there's another layer
boom so the kicks he actually got me are
the Air Jordan ten New York City edition
so this is what they look like
BAM so they're all black if you can see
that and at the bottom what is really
cool you guys can see that there's like
gold clear okay just gonna say this I'm
not expert with sneakers or anything I
just really like them so I think on the
ball of this it says like all of Michael
Jordan's accomplishments like what he
wants a championship championship you
see all of that that is pretty cool
these kicks actually look really really
cool like they've got a unique design to
them and over there you can see New York
City and Weis
and finally the one thing that you can
notice like silver along here it's got
like the silvery design and yeah it's
kinda it's very unique and cool anyways
I'm gonna put these on see what's up
actually shop shall wear them should I
stop them I'm not even sure okay you
know what I'm just gonna wet work okay
wear them wear our kicks guys alright
boy so this is how the sneakers look on
feet as you can see I'm wearing them
let's give you a little turn around so
they actually know them very very cool I
like the design because the silver part
over here which you can see actually
adds like a little bit of a design to it
even bubbles my cat likes as you can see
him me how I've been let me know what
you think these are the New York Jordans
rocking NYC and yeah I like the Vaughn
you see that pretty cool very cool
alright so right now me and mummy Moe
are heading out to go to the Mirage
Hotel basically it's is very very
beautiful hotel they have on the palm
and the reason we're actually going is
they've invited us to come and see the
behind the scenes of this new theme part
that they're gonna be building in Dubai
and I think it's set to be ready by
towards the end of the year but besides
from that the place which I just
mentioned is one of the most beautiful
hotels you're gonna see in Dubai but
yeah I'm going a little bit early to
show you the place while the Sun is
still out hopefully I'm not sure if I
will get there cuz sunset is just about
to happen but yeah let's go over and see
what's up over there okay so since I did
get here a little bit early that means I
can stop and show you some of the things
they're building on this side of the
palm check out all of these buildings
they actually look super super gorgeous
and I think a couple of these ones at
the front are villas I'm not too sure
regardless this place looks absolutely
fantastic guys and I can't wait to show
you where we're going over to now by the
way also check out the sunset behind me
it looks absolutely amazing
anyways that's currently head over to
the hotel I hope I can get there while
the Sun is still a little bit up okay
boys so this is where we've come to the
Royal Mirage I told you it looks
beautiful let's get in think security
needs to open the gate but wow this
place looks fantastic look at it whoa
what real so special it's like you're
entering a palace that is the valley on
my left as you can see voice alright
guys so I just got here let's enter and
let me show you this place cuz it looks
absolutely beautiful mummy moseying
inside here but let's go inside where
everything just gets so much cooler wow
this is one of the best places I've ever
been to okay so the pool area you can
get to from here oh this place looks
fancy man this lasiks bad seed am I sure
I don't know why when I come to a fancy
place I just feel so embarrassed of log
anyways regardless I'm gonna show you
this place
it looks way too fancy guys I reckon
this place you're gonna be super
expensive if you want to stay at it but
look at this we will behind me that's
not so you know just hear my new mansion
guys don't forget that the view you get
oh my god behind the tsun4 is the ocean
anyways let's go to the event now cuz I
think it starts in like 10 minutes but
we did like a mini tour of the hotel for
now we're gonna make it over to the
restaurant that we need to be at guys I
think it's cause 1 of 1 101 not too sure
but let's go and see what's up my
sister's actually been to this place
before she said it looks gorgeous so I'm
really excited because my sister's got
like a high level of when she cool
something gorgeous so
you're really nice there we go boys here
we go
mummy mullah sup guys check out this
path that we go from Wow
by the way look at my mum's side you get
the hold of the chef's side view guys so
I think we just entered the place we
need to be at this place just looks like
you're entering like these mini palaces
and stuff so this is so cool guys that
is where we're going to right now that
is amazing it looks like a futuristic
building alright so we just made it over
to our destination boys this place looks
like a private island it looks like we
just got dropped off at yellow yellow
Island right now wow this place look or
giuse down there you can see the blue
water and I think that is the restaurant
that we're heading over to so that's
pretty cool I'm really really excited
now that I came here for now let's go
inside and see what's up man
this has got me pumped okay boy so I
quickly went in sat inside that is where
we were supposed to be thankfully I
don't think everybody's got here so far
so I came outside to flow again
everything is going dark but with all
the lights on the space looks even
cooler by the way look at where I am
right now I'm literally next to the
water like I came out on this walkway
area if you can see this to show you and
I'm actually really nervous anyways I'm
gonna go back inside with my mom it's
funny because I could basically they
asked for our names and I could my mom
Nadia blogs and obviously MIMO vlogs and
they've got like little tags on the
table saying Nadia vlogs and Moe clothes
by the way guys that road is not the
share side road I completely got it
wrong that's like jbr area so yeah
regardless it looks beautiful look at
all of them like that guys it goes from
all the way to short the tool light look
at that the road is slanted man with
buildings okay
back inside we go alright so right she
kinda getting at all the theme park guys
I'm like you know the whole kinda
straight thing I just had it go in it I
think everybody else
look at that guy's so the event is now
finished and we are going to head office
super super cool and we got passes for
when the theme park opens it's good like
the motion gate theme part I don't say a
wrong way I think is that anyways let's
go beautiful views were on the bridge
right now I'm not sure isn't this has to
be like a cart for us to go home like
there's a car over here can we just take
it I think these are the carts that take
us back look at that are you coming
alright let's go nuts yes please it's a
nice view Wow we are heading back to the
reception now but check that out
they've actually got like lit up beds
along the beach side which looks amazing
and it is whoo oh wow look at that
that's a tight road
alright guys you made it thank you so
much let's go since that event is now
finished guys we have a bit more time to
actually go properly food as folks out
feel like I'm going to panis let me do
the Paterson guys it's called the palace
Lee that's why you called talent right
there
I wish I could play the piano like that
guys unfortunately I don't have that
type of talent Wow Wow
look at that view guys yeah I kid you
not guys this view behind us looks fake
like that's how good it looks it looks
like it can't be real Wow Wow look how
blue the water is and everything like
the lights just make it look fantastic
okay you know I want to go sit there
let's go let's find our way there you
know how it goes boys me and mom are
gonna take the presidential chairs to
sit down ah such a peaceful view man
such a peaceful view okay right now I
actually need to go over to the mall to
buy myself new glasses which I've been
telling you guys for ages but I said I
just don't want to leave this view
behind it looks way too good to leave
behind but I have to and it is I'm
definitely coming back here one day like
even if it's just to look at this room
I'm coming back I am done guys I am done
they have beds I don't know how I did
not notice this but look they have beds
in front of the same pool you could
sleep here and watch oh my god I'm done
and they even have a candle that's it
that's it game over guys game over I
don't know if I'm ever gonna see a hotel
this nice anymore
Wow alright bye bye bye bye let's try
and blow out okay let's not do that this
is too much man hotels
why do hotels do this to you man they
make your house an environment just
seems so much less cool than they are
like look at this place imagine walking
into this every day guys like imagine
this is your house
that'd be so surreal give me 10 years
guys and maybe my house will be this big
actually give me give me 25 years okay
25 all right it doesn't work okay and
out the love you go bye bye
wait let me quickly just see if there's
anything else over here which I can take
a look at I just realized the one thing
guys I don't
I'm actually going to be able to make it
to buy my glasses today it's like or 210
and all the shops close in 15 minutes I
ready to go to the bathroom
there's the men's bathroom I'm going to
go inside and ya see on the other side I
didn't think I'd be doing this but I'm
actually vlogging in the toilets you
know I'll tell you why the toilets are
nicer than my house guys no joke
they've got nicer chandeliers than my
living room look at that take a look at
that and everything about them is just
amazing I feel I feel even worse than I
did when I when I looked around the
hotel like how can we tweet it the
better than my house I'm done I'm not
okay you know what let's just wash my
hands quickly okay we need we need some
soap guys there he goes so and yeah
let's go man let's go whoo I was in the
toilet might was a nice so I just made
it over to the mall guys and some of the
stores are still open so hopefully
hopefully I'm making my way over to the
glasses store I hope that it's still
open let's see if it is I'm gonna pick
out myself a new pair of sunglasses and
yet use them okay so the store was in
fact open guys but they ran out of the
two that I wanted like I wanted along
with either you know the blue glass the
one like I had last time which I lost or
the green one but they're both out of
stock right look at my luck guys
okay I'm going to look around a bit more
hopefully I can find something else but
I really want them to specifically but
I'm going to look around let me know
what design do you guys think I should
go for there's like loads and loads of
designs these look so funny on me let me
show you look at these on my face guys I
swear I really like the concept but they
just don't suit me I think they look
cool like off my face but on it it just
it just doesn't match let me know what
you guys think about these finally do
you think this color gloss suits my face
let me know that looks cool the color
looks really cool let me know by fire
boys I actually finally found a place
that was selling the glasses so your boy
got his glasses back again damn I just
realized like I lost a lot of money when
I lost my glasses because I lost both of
them I lost both my losses in one week I
don't know how but yeah okay finally
what I'm back that's all that matters so
from now on your boys gonna have is
shiny blue glasses that okay I need to
tell you guys something so we just got
home and I want to see if you guys
realize this as well so we go home and
basically the place where you went the
whole day you guys so I go packing I
told you they've given us tickets to
come to the theme park and all that
awesome stuff was in that packet and we
came home and there was no packet there
was no packet I was like what the hell a
mom over here the guilty one she I she
lost it so this laughs and I was like
well there's no packet we searched in
the car we searched everywhere it just
wasn't there so I decided to check the
blog so let me know if you guys noticed
this we were walking with the packet and
as soon as I came out the toilet mummy
Mo came out the toilet without the
packet and she actually left it in the
women's toilet so I just got off the
phone with the hotel and guess what
Mommy Moore had in fact left our
precious packet in the toilet but
thankfully they got it and tomorrow
morning I'm gonna go hopefully pick that
up oh my god basically the only reason
guys like the main thing today that he
went there is we receive the packet so
she go to the theme park and we left
that behind anyways it's a little good
now
mommy mo was stressing out you by the
way guys I'm going to show you this
because it was absolutely hilarious
I decided it's mo blogs and Nadia blogs
that was our names as you can produce
you by the name tags y'all look at these
guys mo vlogs and obviously Nadia vlogs
that's the new name not mommy more
anymore it's now Nadia vlogs if you can
see that by the way do you think this is
swag you guys always see the top off of
me but you don't realize how swaggy I
look at this a a nice layer thick with
your cute ass hey I'll buy you a new
band anyways I'm gonna run for today's
look here guys but before I do I just
want to say one thing
I was just on to where right now by the
way to the 200-plus notifications I have
on Twitter I'm sorry guys I I need to
use it more anyways it starts with that
I saw one tweet and it was like mo these
bloggers talked about you in their vlog
and they gave the minutes and everything
so I checked it out I really wanted to
see what they said about me
and I'm not going to lie they put the
biggest smile on my face huge shout out
to Eric Conover and basically him with
his girlfriend blog I think and they had
some really really nice things to say
about me so thank you guys so much you
genuinely made me so so happy when I
heard them but yeah anyway stay awesome
guys I love you and hopefully I made you
happy with today's vlog if I didn't I'm
sorry maybe tomorrow I won't but
yesterday also everybody loved you will
don't forget be positive happy and
awesome as always yell Yolo goodbye
