me
yeah yo everyone welcome to another vlog
sir starting this vlog in my garden and
licking really green and beautiful but
look what we're doing this morning
yep standard stuff cleaning this is my
bedsheets wait is this your bedsheets I
don't even know whose bed sheets these
are anyways right now we're gonna head
out to go I'm not sure if you guys
remember like a month ago I was waiting
for something from Google yeah it still
hasn't come so I'm gonna go check if
that's arrived look at this guys look at
this my mom was like give me the mail
and she dropped it within one second
you dropped all of the men okay this is
what we got guys so I thought I'd show
you since it's all here now
but yeah wow she can't keep it in her
hand guys you can't keep it in a hand
let me let me help you with the door
bubbles come back in come back in no
bubbles don't jump ah okay number one
thing not to do when you want your cat
to come back inside don't chase them
anyways I don't know why when I look at
this it looks so comfortable okay
actually I am going out right now I'm
going to a friend's car garage I'm not
sure what to expect but just know it's
the same person who had that really
awesome one of one GTR which was revving
in a vlog okay
so let's head out and see what's up okay
let's see when he come back inside
cool buddy where are you oh he's going
under the car great this is one of the
struggles of only a cat right now guys I
want to leave to go out and I'm not sure
if you guys see he's actually sleeping
under my car bubbles get out bubbles
don't get out since I need to go out as
soon as possible guys and bubbles is
still under the car
there's only one way I can think of GM
guys still sleeping so let's try and
turn on the car rod there we go okay so
I just got over here to the car garage
place and look at this guy's we're going
to switch on this modded Aventador and I
want to show you guys how it sounds
Oh
this may say quiet
oh there you go guys it has like a loud
mode and in quiet mode which is this
like at
that's cool that is crazy that's you're
like a palace so we're actually going to
go on a ride in some of the crazy horse
you see mama
I think we're going to go into a vesicle
or the GTR
dr. Shawn
like a foul rayray can make it louder
make the wire
the choir women even that
so cool to see his car like up front a
personal
by the way I love the body here has just
look at that oh boy and secondly let's
not forget about the Aventador all black
now I love this car
is 63 with black chrome it actually
looks really really cool in this rap let
me go ahead and open the door so you
guys can see the interior wow I never
knew how the inside of an s60 3 new
light but there you go guys if you are
wondering that is it okay so I'm just
about to go on a rig pride in this
adventure tour guys should be fun this
thing looks so so mean right now can't
wait so yeah let's hop it this thing as
you guys heard sounds so so loud so I'm
kind of excited for this ride as your
eardrums are getting explode already
ha ha
the kick the aventador gears is always
the best
Round four we get ready for our okay I
was gonna be a bit longer okay all right
here we go
hi guys I hope you enjoyed that little
tribute that affected our go lighting
there you're like four or five rounds in
it now with my right
oh boy guys that guy is on another level
like you guys couldn't have seen it but
when it was actually revving it by my
sir was actually blowing towards me okay
everybody so the next car I'm going to
ride in is this one I'm not sure if you
guys can tell what it is but it is the
s63 now the interior on this car is an
edition one Saurav ski package basically
it looks super cool and there Sourav
skis all around the car see that that
sort of skis even the lights are made
out of skis but this call is so so
gorgeous inside it it's red with carbon
fiber which is just amazing and yeah
let's go ahead and ride in this bad boy
and see how it is
I can't wait by the way if you hear the
AC that means it's extremely hot right
now so we're just blasting it does it go
faster turn it like actually you'd be
surprised really
all right you know don't expect it to be
like the doesn't die but it goes good
for itself there we go this time a dwarf
again it's going boss but cuz it doesn't
have the kick yeah you know you don't
feel it it's like half luxury half
support yeah so they don't want to take
your loudly to be to learn and they want
you to be comfortable inside the car
okay so we've been through the adventure
tour guys we've been through the s63 but
now we're gonna do something special
Mercedes SLR this thing is an absolute
beast much quicker than the Aventador
itself so it's gonna be awesome to go on
a ride in let's look at the interior cuz
this thing looks so mean on the inside
Wow Wow
I cannot wait to go on a ride in this
thing amazing
okay now we're hoping into this a lower
voice wow this car is super low you
ready for 120 around 10 it's time for
round 10 as Marvin set into SLR let's
see this is actually got quite nice
Twitty
around 20 okay that's how much
horsepower again we're doing ten rounds
in one with this car all right here goes
nothing
and again
wah - Oh spits and one accelerator
Oh
got the brakes even ten times better
than the Lambo okay guys I didn't even
get to introduce it we're in the alpha
16 GTR 1600 or scrap booking and yeah
we're just testing out
oh boy okay that's me done for today I
know what it is like my lungs or
something like compresses inside of me
with eggs and yeah you're like imagine
I'm driving oh my god you should oh my
god that is crazy this car is just on
another level my heart is absolutely
pumping right now I quickly hopped out
the gt-r to show you it from the outside
so he's gonna take a lap without me just
so you can see the speed of this car
alpha 16 guys this is like over 400
horsepower stronger than the last GTR I
was in
that's all
drunk thirty okay to finish off today
the last car we're going to almost
finish off today one of the last cars
we're going to go in is this stock GTR
so this is base model no modifications
yet we're just going to see how it
differs to the one we were in which was
1600 horsepower this is five five five I
think
in horsepower so let's see how this goes
okay boy it's time to test out a stock
GTR launch control oh boy
ready yeah let's hit it
Oh God
this still hasn't been a power like it's
not even like on sweetness has power
guys don't get it twisted
I quite like the stock a bit more like
in terms of like enjoyment yeah
wow what a car guys what a car
okay so today you've literally seen
every single sports car in action soul
to twist things up we thought the last
card have a ride in today the one and
only rolls-royce Wraith look at the
interior of this thing I'm super excited
about this ride we're not going to be
going fast or anything just a nice
relaxed ride in this beauty this looks
like like a you know when you're inside
like a luxury house or a yacht that's
what the interior of this car looks like
absolute beauty love the doors just
opposite way around look at that guys
look at that
so it turns out guys this Ross Royce is
much more luxurious than I even thought
I don't even need to close the door with
my hand you can simply press this button
and hold it BAM the door closes itself
okay can't wait you're going to ride I
love the fact that it also has you know
that the view from the top it looks like
from the top but look another thing that
I find really cool guys you know when
you just see the rolls-royce logo in
front of you while you're driving right
this is like a really relaxing car you
feel like nothing like you feel like
you're gliding but this thing I watch
this is GTR the GTR like that you're
holding on pushing your legs this is
like a very relaxed roll even when you
accelerate it's nice it's like a smooth
acceleration
we're gonna say goodbye for the
rolls-royce for now I love the inside of
this car so it's finally time to cool it
a wrap over here guys at my friend's
place oil class the cars here are just
insane this GTR I don't think I'm ever
going to come across the car that fast
but obviously we have the beautiful
Rolls Royce here obviously my car in the
background don't forget about the
Mustang guys and one of my favorites
actually actually go around for that the
SLR not going to light in terms of looks
this is one of the meanest cars I've
ever seen especially with the doors up I
just looks crazy anyways I'm going to
catch you guys I think I might be going
to the mall to me up with my mum and
yeah catch you guys there peace by the
way check this out they're turning this
e 63 which is identical to this one
they're making it matte black which is
pretty cool they're now putting it
together which looks awesome
I think this should go matte black they
definitely would see a matte black guys
now another conversation
should this be converted into a matte
black one like this each 63 because I
think good that mean it's right 100
residual okay so I quickly made it over
to the bottom there
they can't pick up my mom issuing some
shopping here I see her coming right now
she's with a little trolley look at
mommy more everybody look at mommy more
all of this shopping by yourself hey let
me put a hand guys let's go how was your
day you met them ah your ears got
awesome mommy know where I am all the
time
Oh mommy careful oh boy guys by the way
on our way out nice map like g-wagen
with a really nice number plate and it's
Bobby what are you doing in the mall
today mommy you were here for like three
hours I'm sure you weren't just buying
food all the time you know what I was
doing I was driving around a Rolls Royce
Aventador GTR SLR you name it we had it
yeah I'll be sure right now to my mom
guys you best believe all of these
crisps are for yoghurt here I don't have
my crisps alone like they're just for
Crispin joerger guys look at this my mom
is balling my mom is balling she doesn't
even want the money she left it for
somebody so whoever wants wonder him
it's there for you okay let's go home
guys that's like a lottery over there
wonder him I need to say huge thank you
to mommy more like I'm literally
starving right now and as soon as I'm
home look at this she has like a whole
picnic lined up for me fresh orange
juice you know don't play yourself
she is the real MVP today guys I know I
was recording cool cars but she held
down the food unlock and it's time for
me to eat energized and I'll catch guys
off hurricane my voice smart you loyal
don't forget don't play yourself okay I
have one update for all of you guys
before I enter his love so if you see my
mom over there she's on the laptop so
you might want me what is she doing guys
what is she doing I am given my mama my
emailing duties so if you guys send me
DMZ
anything type of comments and stuff
she'll be the one replying from now so
to every single person she ignores which
is going to be 99.9% of you guys blame
her that she's not replying I promise
you guys she's literally been through
200 emails today and ignored every
single I don't I don't even know why
she's checking them because she's not
replying to any single one like god what
have you replied to mommy today what
anything nobody yeah all she's doing is
she's actually just she's reading and
smiling didn't say oh my look some guy
said he said hi to you that's it like
Gia she's telling me what all of you are
saying but not replying so don't worry
guys that is where my email injuries are
now but yeah thought let you know by the
way now though my sister showed me
something COO she got today so check
this out she came home with an galaxy s7
edge which is the new Samsung and I'm
gonna be honest I've never had a Samsung
phone before so I might do like an
unboxing video of that two more if you
guys want to like let me know like hit a
like button or just comment down below
and yeah this is have you ever had the
Samsung before but you actually decided
to get newest model the Samsung Galaxy
s7 edge which is pretty cool so yeah and
you guys they also love you all to
expect the mail time sometime this week
don't worry about that
and yes they also everybody Yolo Yolo
boy
