you know everyone how are you doing good
morning and welcome to another vlog so
this morning I just remembered about a
week ago about a week ago I just bought
myself a mug which was a really really
cool mug and I forgot to use until now
so that's what we're gonna do today this
is the mug by the way remember this I
bought this in like a store it was like
a onesie called a market area and I
thought I'd use it right now also this
is every single mug that you guys have
sent us this is one for my sister it's
actually really really heavy and
Moloch's mug over here look at all of
these mugs you guys sent us thank you so
much for them by the way but it's time
to use this one right now guys first
things first we have to bring bubble
inside being a naughty boy look at that
to celebrate the first use of this mug
I'm actually going to make a very
interesting drink I have no idea how
it's going to taste they could turn out
horrible but taking some Nutella some
cream it's on desperate chocolate powder
some milk and a load of chocolate I'm
gonna take all of these ingredients and
basically chuck them into a blender and
see what comes out let's see this
probably gonna taste very disgusting but
I want to give it a shot
ahh is the Bears doing you okay I was
literally just about to make my
delicious milkshake
and my mom told me that a bird pooped on
me while I was outside this is gross
look at it that is disgusting and I
swear I will kill the bird you did that
to me how the hell did it just take a
dump on me alright change my shirt let's
continue making this milkshake that is
literally the worst thing that could
have happened to me while making a
milkshake walked outside for five
seconds to make bubbles come back inside
and a bird pooped on me like this guy
must have been targeting me like he was
alright
birds boat loads coming out in five
seconds we need ready ready for poop off
boom and he hit me as soon as I went out
but let's continue let's make my little
milkshake because I like this get me
down boys
I'm still making it and drinking this
gorgeous delicious milkshake so first
things first get a bit of know that that
looks like a lot of a secondary we're
just going to add some cream in here
let's see how this goes now we have to
clean this up
now take your nestra chocolate powder
just add however much you think is
located there so I think I think that
much looks good I'm just going to shut a
bit a fella in there all right
that's on the go Oh Oh what was good
right I doesn't want to try some my cake
to finish off the milkshake I just want
to put a couple of chocolate in there so
that's what some cookies is that and
like this yeah
five we're done motive three boys
bubbles be my guest
here is my milkshake put the eye
Bon Appetit guys that is my milkshake
fantastic
that's disgusting that's that's
seriously the most disgusting job I've
ever had in my life
smell this smell it tastes like wood
like wood is literally in there anyways
I'm going to leave this year try and
sort like mix it with some milk made no
taste bear so right now I'm actually
going to head out and go over to our
local tennis courts and the reason is
basically I haven't played tennis in a
very very long time and I want to do so
but in our area I think you need to book
the tennis sport so I want to go see how
I do that so I quickly want to say one
thing that's on my head right now this
lake is an extremely extremely beautiful
lake I absolutely love it but the one
thing I've actually never seen here is a
duck and the reason I'm saying this is
there's a sign board saying do not feed
the ducks and thank you for not feeding
them I've never seen a duck I actually
would really love to see one but I'm not
sure what Ducks are actually talking
about because I've been here for a long
time and I've never seen one anyways
let's get out of this place and go to
the tennis courts by the way there's a
lot adorable dogs in our area one of
them is right here it's like just cute
at white things that's an adorable puppy
guy is adorable so I just made it over
to our local tennis court guys and I've
got the worst hiccups ever right now so
excuse me tennis courts or somewhere
back there there's also basketball
courts and we've got like a whole park
area with footballs like I'm not sure on
but these are guts are oval we've also
got like a football pitch here as you
can see like the one goal is over there
this is the one choice over there one
girl is over there and there's generally
just a really really gorgeous view
behind me look at that that
is a mate amazing the Sun is gonna but
as I was saying guys this tree looks
like something that you would find on a
post and it looks so awesome just check
out the colors man it's like orange
e-rep spin look OHS okay guys I suggest
you I cannot stop my egg ups for some
reason they're literally just stuck with
me but take that take your kids with
mommy help me we don't even have water I
completely lost track of time and I
spent the last half an hour on my phone
in the park but that didn't mean I got
to see something cool look this parque
she has the most adorable light ever
it's good like you know these lamp type
things yeah it's actually been an
extremely long time since I'm coming a
swing guys so that's triangle as high as
possible down relation really fucking
let's go and sit inside and pretend like
we have this court booked okay oh I feel
like a rebel today so I know you're
technically supposed to book the courts
here guys but I don't think everybody
does so I just called my sister and
she's bringing the tennis rackets over
and we're gonna play a little bit of
tennis so she should be here within like
10 minutes hopefully nobody kicks us out
of the court but yeah we kind of
reserved our own Kenneth squirrel over
here we're just we're just sitting here
and guarding it and somebody's probably
gonna be here soon and be like y'all I
booked this core I'm we're gonna look
completely like dumb but you know maybe
your work will see my sister finally
left the house of the tennis rackets I'm
gonna go pick them up half way from her
there's Lana everybody she's got the
tennis rackets and we're making our way
over to the tennis pitches right now
let's go death of that that I that that
I've done that that that that did it
done
than a dozen okay I want to see do the
security gates open if I come towards
them guys all right no they don't
I completely forgot to wear my shoes
guys so my sister Tiny's bought them for
me but she broke these socks ignore
definitely not my size so let's see how
these fit I don't even know these are
like snow sucks and yo where are these
socks they do not pick
alright boys it's time to play some
tennis we've got our rackets Alanna
versus mo vote down below who you think
the winner is going to be I told you I'm
the best at this game but let's see
maybe I forgot to play and she can beat
me ok Momo is going to be the decider ok
first we're going to warm up guys and
then we're gonna play property
we were just playing some tennis guys
and the lights are turned off our
descent Susan I don't think there's any
light let me go try and turn them on
from outside I saw a light switch okay I
think this is the light switch whoo I
knew it there's a light switch outside
you ready guys we're just warming up so
we're not going to record our warmups
but you best believe your boys winning
in the warm-ups as well fire boys you
just finish our practice rounds past a
proper game let's see who wins
one
hi voiceover five thirty thirty first
game this is hard night I've lost my
shape
yo I have no idea how this happened guys
my sister beat me in the first set she's
so bad at this game when she beat me
okay you know what yeah we used to both
be good bye can't believe this out okay
let's continue playing I'll tell you the
final score when we finish I'm not
letting her beat me my mom's gonna go
quickly grab us some snacks so hopefully
once she gets back I'll start winning my
set maybe my sister just finished
playing four rounds first round she won
as I told you guys but then I won the
next three so three one final score mum
emo went and bought me some snacks
holy moly I am so hungry I'm gonna go
through these so quick damn look how
sweaty I'm like I'm leaking water right
now anyways Lana how was that I know
damn guys I saw I was hitting it so hard
you couldn't even rebound them is that
true think I could get it but I couldn't
be a part of this up just push my hyung
village as soon as I hit her hand would
go back if anything Wow mommy gosh
that's a cold war dad yeah I've never
seen that size' for any age
guys this is what you go unhealthy
Lana's just eating make the duck lips
with them that's so funny when you do it
you know - quack quack quack quack quack
okay check this out guys I told you that
there was war coming into the tennis
court you see that that steamer war whew
skating where are boys I'm absolutely
sweating right now finished uploading my
video but look at these guys my tan line
is never going to go like I've literally
been burned look at this Lana like my
can line is like permanent do you see
that tastes the worst hand liner anyways
I need you to take a shower because I'm
swaying right now so I'll catch you guys
after that's something pretty cool to
show you guys he is fighting bubbles
through glass what what are these two
doing worldstar worldstar oh there they
go I can't whistle right now I'm
actually going to be reacting to a video
that one of you guys sent in my email
basically I watched the first five
seconds of it and I left it for us to
react to because I found the first five
seconds hilarious so basically the video
is cool how more vlogs effects Hitler so
without further ado I'm going to put the
video up here and we're just going to
react to and see how it goes because I
think is hilarious
so yeah let's go Oh taking his putting
holes into it system five balloon
discontent bag of emotions of expression
in zoonatic Ignotus Newman on first off
stands before the fine WTF another
institution for now on to panco the
mostest defying mr. Feeny Lichtenberg
Mahlsdorf coughs house collapse can
anchor china's with us as in our own
style continuing calcify and uncover
seein the understand has mr. Furth this
plan
oh yeah it's hot - tanta time I'm down I
got a charity care too much a missionary
kid yo I just got a drug war
I like the robot and raised it I'm
having to the buy now is mobile back
region position home friend Sophia above
it's even hard countin on us every
sister fight a lotta generation
align your pipe then goodbye I that was
actually a very very weird video guys
like I don't know anyway though I watch
like the first 10 seconds and then it
went on to my eyebrows on what the
healthy things like that Papa angel guys
approved eyebrows on fleek and I said
guys it's hard to get these loops but
you know that was a Hitler that's how I
fix it I thought he was gonna hate me
but this guy he like we are getting
something else
no bad not bad anyways thank you guys
for sending that video in I'm not sure
how with you guys so I cut it in pits
pits bits but yeah that is Hitler's
reaction to mow blogs there you go thank
you for watching guys look at my
sister's skin it is so white like it's
literally shiny please mom your
brother's like a lighthouse from there
like your cheeks are just giving off
light I think that we were elected under
the light well I'm right here as well I
just if anything I'm more on during
before I in today's Laura I want to talk
to you guys a little bit it's gonna be
some motivation with more I don't
normally do this but I felt like
dropping some keys to success as DJ
Khaled says and the thing is I've seen
so many comments in my conversation guys
and it's like more how do you get this
or how do you do this how did you meet
this person how did you do it it's just
like loads and loads of these questions
and heart says I'm gonna be honest I
have no idea how I do most the things I
do like it is so situational when it
just happens on the spot type thing like
I'll tell you a cool story so if you
guys remember I had a vlog of me driving
a road legal racing car the only road
legal racing car in the whole of the UAE
that I'll tell you how that specific
situation happened I woke up
and I checked my email literally woke up
checked my email and I don't already do
that at the moment I don't even check my
emails my mom does all of that but yeah
I woke up I checked my email and some
douche like sent me a picture the person
that was doing it that day was like yo
we have this car today we're gonna be
driving it are you interested in coming
and vlogging it and that was it woke up
it was the same day thing and I was like
yeah why not
and I literally drove out like I caught
the guy we talked about etcetera
etcetera and I drove out into the desert
somewhere and took a ride in that thing
and like I just want to show you guys
like I don't know exactly everything
that's gonna happen in my life and stuff
like that a lot of people don't know
exactly what's gonna happen in their
life but they take that as a bad thing
don't take it as a bad thing guys stuff
happens for a reason all I can give you
as advice is just keep working towards
something you want like if you're gonna
be a youtuber just keep making videos
don't worry about the content because I
guarantee it will come to you if you
really want it and yeah just keep
pushing forward with a good mentality
like so many things has happened to me
in the last couple of months and 90% of
them were not planned like I did not
plan to go that day and record that car
sometimes in the road I see like a cool
car I can't plan them things but I do
stay positive and I just go out with the
good mentality and things come from it
anyways
that has been some keys to success and
no I love you guys stay positive
don't forget successes in your mind and
not anything else okay see you guys
tomorrow stay also love your Yolo Yolo
goodbye
