yo yo yo everyone good morning how are
you all doing so this morning we had
like a bunch of workers fixing up things
in the house but except from that
somehow our water tank got pierced and
we're filling the war into another tank
so check that out
oh yeah I think the bubbles look so cool
basically this tank somewhere over here
does like a little hole I'm not sure
where it's like tiny and it's been
leaking so we're putting it all into
this tank and it looks pretty cool I
think bubble bubble bubble ok so right
now me and my mum are going out to buy
corn and you guys should probably know
why if it does happen today basically
I've seen it I forgot my car keys ah but
yeah basically today I want to do this
thing who'd like the corn challenge or
something and basically I stole a video
the first video I saw is this Japanese
girl doing it and it took comfor hair it
was horrible but then I saw
comedyshortsgamer in Rome and I would do
it as well so I want to give it a try
today with Lana let's see how this goes
all right it's time to go get ourselves
some corn boys I want like a couple of
fresh pieces because I haven't had corn
in a while so the action you don't have
any fresh corn which is a bummer
however they have something similar I
guess they have frozen corn so that is
the only alternative I can go with and
the thing is they have a pack of eight
like look it only comes in a so I'm
gonna get it regardless it's actually in
my mom's basket you can see over there
but yeah that is why we could not get
any fresh corn er I think it's not the
season for it is it is that why or maybe
they just ran out I don't know just
finished up at the shops guys and I
think we bought a bit more than just
corn it's like two heavy plastic bags
anyways I think today's challenge is
going to be very very fun I'll call it
fun because I've seen it kind of
disgusting I'm looking hell I you might
cringe at it but it should be kind
one and I hope nothing goes wrong and if
any of my sister's hair gets pulled out
I'm a dead man
so yeah let's hope that doesn't happen
now that we are home it's finally time
to attempt this challenge so I went and
found all of our drill set so you can
tell that look at this guy's you got to
like complete drill set so this is one
of them with the accessories another one
with the accessories let's open these up
and see what's up damn boys this is what
you call a proper drill damn this does
not seem safe at all mommy hi boys let's
put these down I'm gonna go get the corn
and we'll find a place to do this
chatting so since your frozen corn I
think we need to deep freeze it I'm not
sure if that is a thing but it's pretty
damn solid in here and yeah we need to
open it up guys look at this it's frozen
it's literally completely frozen this is
like an ice cube guys what the hell so I
didn't mention that I'm not a huge fan
of corn guys but the only way I can kind
of deal with it is if I grill it so me
and mommy more are gonna have some
barbecued corn today because that's the
only way I can have it all of this just
to do one corn challenge guys all right
let's let's kind of move this apart and
bring out the corn so we can start
barbecuing it that's like this fire up
boys okay let's put this on top of here
and now we can just put the corn on top
I think yeah
whoo oh my god that was fast
by the way check this out guys I wanna
show you how cool it looks when you fan
the charcoal I know I love you've seen
this but I thought it looks so cool it
starts glowing red ok check this out
check this out ok no color right now as
soon as I start Fanning away it starts
glowing oh oh it's a lot of hard work
though it's a lot of hard work
ok time to put the corn on the grill
let's just put every single one of them
here guys I hope I don't mess this up in
any way well I just want to say guys
batting with your hand can become
extremely tiring ok I did it five
minutes but I want to show you you don't
even need a fan of K I'm gonna show you
a super easy way to fan your barbecue
guys ok I'm gonna be right back ok ok
are you guys ready to see how you fan
your barbecue without an actual fan ok
boom all you need is a hairdryer watch
this it's gonna be mental ok you go
ahead and plug that in my mouth
ok are you guys ready to see the power
of this ok
Hey holy moly
oh my god damn do you see that
damn mummy ma be careful it looks like
so there but on the bright side guys
look
it makes the flame so strong my mommy
starts to subsistence oh stop stop guys
I just want to say don't try this at
home I know others who but as you saw
it's kind of dangerous but
the hairdryers actually made everything
go so much faster now because the corn
is actually cooking quickly I hope it
doesn't get dark by the time we do this
challenge but look at that whoa we have
some nice cooked corner there anyways
lawn should be down anytime soon now so
we can do a challenge guys it's really
hot
who specially when you have a hairdryer
in the heat it just adds up right
alright boys my contester is downstairs
guys and if you're wondering why Ilan is
wearing a hat if you haven't seen I
mentioned there was somebody that did
this challenge as a girl and it made
like the whole front side of her head
bold basically her hair got stuck in the
drill don't try this at home guys it is
like a dangerous challenge I do not
recommend it but if you do please please
take caution you're a girl tie your hair
back if you're a guy with a ponytail tie
your hair back away from the drill but
yeah let's get into this we have our
barbecue over there like that's the corn
by the way that's what we're using it
looks delicious right come check it out
we're gonna be eating this I thought why
not do it nicely and you sound like a
nice little corn BBQ by the way look at
this look how cool this looks are you
ready oh you ready watch this watch this
okay actually gonna do it go close go
close
let her go clues it is no no a hundred
percent Iran it won't calm down
don't worry we're we're safe out here
let me teach you how it's done
are you ready to see this okay take the
camera this is how it's done it's too
much man
it's too much this Froy is there's a
fire now okay I don't recommend your
dress don't listen to my brother's ideas
just watch enjoy the view alright so
while my mom finishes off the core and I
think it's time we put the drill like
the ends of it on the actual thing I
know look at this listen this this is
the most powerful the sound it makes
trust me listen to this this does not
make as much of a noise yeah I'll use
this she's using the weak on it anyways
let's pick one of these things what's
gonna go inside it home and make sure
you don't use it does cut my hand so
what do we do what's like the normal one
I think I needed to do a bit more
research before I try this challenge
guys because I have no idea which one to
pick I think my sister's gone for this
one you know how sharp these are me no
okay yeah put this under it and then
lean back there you go and then which
one should I pick though I've got such a
nice selection as well what do I want to
cut myself with accidentally guys huh
all right that's mine
drills are out boys Lana's got hers I've
got mine look at mine it has an
electrocution thing in the middle
yeah it does oh we are I don't know
let's try let's your sake go go go let's
get the corn boys if anything goes wrong
please learn from us and don't do this
challenge there you go oh is that so war
oh that's gonna be a yummy challenge now
there you go boys that oh oh there you
go that is the corns me and my sister
picked try and see if this worked by
drilling this one here nice and easy
does it
are you I'm very scared you know why
Oh to hold it out that is what you
called a corn on a drill oh yeah one
second guys I'm gonna be back with my
drill why is this going in so easy I
told you it's quite easy moment oh
that's it
this does not seem secure is yours long
enough to fit in there
Marit is that like secure Justin yours
is look shorter than mine I'm scarce
gonna come out why is water coming out
oh my gosh what you know what we're
gonna try this guys let's see how it
goes and yeah good luck okay alright
without further ado what you guys have
been waiting for I feel very nervous I
feel like somebody's gonna get hurt okay
we're gonna take it slowly guys and
basically the aim is whoever finishes
the corn first wins right they have to
eat it that's the challenge yeah that's
why so you can do faster so hunky let
you do you have a countdown
okay you ever can be as much as they can
okay I
without further ado guys let's get wait
no just no cheek but that first by the
way be careful I'm just I'm kidding yet
three two one go mine is not spinning
it's not winning
I didn't need a bigger sheet all right
guys it's at that first attempt with a
complete Bell but very very nice normal
life okay
I'm going to swap the drill that's
inside there with this thing I don't
know why we're doing this guys so let's
take this out and then put this one
inside okay first attempt completely
failed guys so we took two fresh corns
and we're gonna do it again
this time we're using a different drill
so look at show them what it is guys
that thing does not seem safe for all
guys so yeah definitely do not try this
at all I have no idea what we're doing
whoa round two this is the only retry we
can do all right straight in the middle
whoa well that looks good that looks
like it's good pure fear right yeah sin
all right there you go now do mine as
well for me guys by the way mine is this
really dodgy one so oh my god bro this
one okay three two one go oh my god
moment I need to hear all my joy
ha
my teeth I start with gone
yup okay guys all right
god I just wish my sister did this guy
to her boat she shoves the drill in and
out four times and my corn is broken
Michael okay you know what I'm eating
this straight out I don't even hell are
Petersburg winds what are you trying to
do know we don't even see you're
cheating under there ah quit guys I quit
you're not eating anything you're
literally not here
it's just circling her mouth guys no I
put my teeth on it I knew it guys we're
gonna end it no do you know what we're
gonna call it quits yeah let us know who
you think won in the description mine
broke in half hers was just rotating in
her mouth without doing anything you
didn't fight you just eat the corn what
the hell is that through my teeth hi
caught down below who won this challenge
we call it quits don't try at home that
was a complete fail and I hope you
enjoyed what you saw which was a
disgusting right anyways I'm gonna go
clean my mouth I've got corn stuck
everywhere else you got that piece
behind the scenes guys even though Lana
gave up at the challenge she's eating
her corn she she thinks it's too nice to
waste
oh we have a suspect we have a suspect
oh she's coming in she's coming guys
guys guys look at mommy mo she's trying
to bring me cats it
she's just looking around oh you see
that uh okay
I was just on YouTube guys what she
wanted my boy face rains videos okay and
basically there's this really cool
optical illusion I want to see if Lana
can see what it is so first of all let
me show it to you guys let me know if
you guys know what this is a kid just
take a good look at it and now I'm gonna
put Lana to the test
so Lana is trying to look at this photo
from like a hundred different angles to
see what it is if you get it you're a
genius mommy more you can come join in
as well come see what this is the other
closer you got I don't think it'll make
a difference just tell me what you think
is I mean like a little alien in this
corner and if he sees eyes as mom guys I
think she just came up with a new
illusion she came up with new illusions
put it hide you guys figure out No very
scary I don't want to see it no it's not
it's very simple
hi guys that looks like a finger
someone's poking through there wait what
which one's the finger alright no this
is a cigar do you see that oh you know
it's a cigar sticking out of the water
yeah that's a cigar that's the cigar and
that's the ash and now now that you see
it you can't unsee alright you just
always see it now you cannot unsee us to
go what the hell I that's a cool optical
illusion I thought I'd share that with
you guys
my boys video all right guys I'm gonna
wrap up the vlog here I know it's
currently the next morning and I wanna
explain to you guys why basically
yesterday's vlog is actually gonna be
cut up into two parts and the reason I'm
doing that is I've actually got
something coming up in the next week or
two and I need an extra blog because if
that made so that's why I cut up
yesterday's vlog I hope you did enjoy
our corn challenge attempt though okay
guys this is what bubbles does in the
morning when I'm outside you just keeps
meowing you won't let me finish Bob
but yeah stay tuned for something really
really special and that is why I did
stuff the vlog but if you guys want us
to try the corn challenge again let me
know I don't think you do to be honest
it was very dangerous like Milan the
drill part came out you saw it like if
that wasn't my mouth while I was doing
that you best believe I was dead or
something like that but yeah see you
guys
two more for another amazing vlog love
you all and stay awesome yellow Yolo
goodbye
