guys by the way this is also the man
himself thank you for being on my blog
appreciate it
he's gonna do some crossbar challenge
for us so let's see how this goes oh
that was a lot be careful there friendly
you take it
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today is actually going to be a
really really special day which guys
probably already know by the title or
thumbnail of this video basically right
now I'm heading over to my boys farm
that is rush it and you guys know very
well I'm basically today I'm going to be
meeting a very very special footballer
that goes by the name Mesut özil and he
plays for Arsenal if you guys don't know
much about football he's basically a
very very talented player and I can't
wait to go over there and meet him and
the main reason I'm gonna be honest I'm
going over there's basically in London
90% of my friends support Arsenal and
he's like one of the best players in
Arsenal so I know they're gonna be super
jealous when I meet him so I'm gonna go
there see what's up over there I think
he's gonna get a tour of the farm and
stuff like that and then hopefully
hopefully we can get to be on the vlog
and stuff like that so yeah let's go see
what's up and have an amazing day guys
on my way I see a Lambo and Audi Arie
and a Porsche alright guys so we just
made it over to the farm the guy in red
over there I'm not sure if you can see
that's also so hopefully I'm being
bashed I'll let you see the formula and
then we can maybe say hi to him on the
vlog
suffocating massage monkey
Christian you just have to give the
monkey biscuit otherwise you people that
the fingers inside is the chicken bit
because that guy is actually quite
greedy huh hey if you're I could be the
female you have to feed your horse on
the farm he would take everything mr.
Senna
it doesn't let the way you know Oh
fierceness Oh cookies Hey
all right guys so I'm the only one left
with honey right now they're gonna go
check out other stuffs well this guy is
so adorable like God look at him you
just split this teeth they're like to
let you hug him
oh it is ah he's a good boy he's a good
boy
whoo I'm getting carried away now see
you later buddy
what's the coolest ears ever Wow anyway
I think he's about to stamp this book I
don't know why it's like hovering in the
air anyways I think you guys saw also
petting animals I see you soon honey
hi guys it's also kind of surreal like
standing next to like these Superstars
and amazing football players because you
see them on TV and then you're seeing
them next year it's just such a weird
feeling you know anyways he's feeding
the giraffes right now which is pretty
cool so let's go check that up a machine
if you don't have off the branch okay
one with you be careful they're friendly
you took the whole thing in one bite
alright guys I'm not gonna do any
kissing or anything but I literally took
everything in one bite look it's looking
like it open okay okay I'd like you to
meet our seven months old baby girl this
is my girl today you're going to have a
privileged picture with him but weird to
be able to do so Josue's in milk did you
want them Joey oh no it's not first okay
that's good hahaha nice and peaceful so
we just finished beating the tiger as
you saw it's always so cool to do that
guys by the way this is also the man
himself thank you for being on my vlog
appreciate it where you gonna do some
crossbar challenge for us so let's see
how this goes
alright three tries to hit the crossbar
close this close you get the crossbar
you get to take the tiger home gonna try
it yeah if you get if you hit the
crossbar you get the tiger oh oh maybe
just ready yeah
this is the famous sneaker collection
for money kicks
what's your favor I do really like this
one yeah this is Sonic Raritan worth
worth yeah yes so what color do you like
ready yeah I like always black Dilek
Jamie Scott yeah Scott there's a lot of
cool shoes in here there's a lot of cool
shoes what's your size Symington
I know what is it 41 I don't know you're
like my size you're like in the same
size yeah I love good go Jamie Scott
wait you're not good yeah what's like
you best make a study that shows Mordor
it uses not that Jesus Jesus or
superstars easy yeah I'm super stars on
the superstar they're confident I have
me the best because I had it like in
young age as well
oh so you nitrogen fuck yeah we just you
know has already Fred but yeah that's
what you always another color yeah yeah
anyways guys with money kicks in özil
he approves this collection and yeah see
you guys next time please
something with poss-eye
okay final stop is the baby tigers guys
the most adorable things over here
anyways guys also on the crew just left
it was actually really really cool me
and my helmet
they're so down-to-earth and like it's
so cool me like seeing some these thank
you doctor thank you thank you it's so
cool i you know you play football you
see him on TV and he comes here and he's
just like one of us and i know they're
all human but you know it's just cool to
see that anyways right now me a rock
star heading over to the bible so let's
go over there and see what's up
maybe we'll run into some money Kings
fans over there buddy kicks alright so
we just made an origin of the Bible guys
and we are about to have some molten
lava cake as you can see there your boy
watch it over there he got some as well
I kind of copied it but let's see is it
supposed to melt out as soon as you cut
this
whoa look at that oh my god I know you
guys are feeling hungry watching this
I'm sorry I have to show you this like
so amazing anyways we're going to dig
into this we literally came to here just
to have this dessert cuz you know any
watch Instagram videos of people eating
and stuff and you want to have something
yourself that's how he felt so yeah so
since we in Russian are in the world and
it's all about them Kings came to a shoe
store and we're checking out CC said
what are your favorites by the way ed
Jordan actually just one it's through a
couple of them to show you guys that
they have over here then you Dan look at
that guy's you know oh okay and then we
have the New York does New York have
anything no just plain black and then
this is Chicago guys these are so down
they only have one on display which is
pretty cool so yeah dandy I like these
these are the shoes I like look at that
I think these literally cool right wait
are you sewed up hidden you hate it oh
wait the material is kind of like what
you cool this is like plasticy anyway
something I really like guys is over
here I know I might have showed you this
before but I really love the fluxes they
have they look so cool and another one
these these ones have like a coolest
base ever yeah these are cool tubulars
anyways I thought I'd show you a couple
we're heading out now let's go maybe one
day we'll be back when money kicks goes
on a shoe shopping trip how about that
so my boy Rock should just left to go
home
joining my mom and sister whatup guys
will even up to April myself which see
you having lobster the food just got
here guys and this is what it looks like
what the hell is laughs oh look at that
it's like a little apron three two one
boom
ah okay hi boys we're calling a day at
the mall I'm heading home I parked
somewhere on this level I'm actually not
sure when you guys came here was a dark
yeah it was dark for me I had oh there's
your car oh it looks so nice in the
parking lot my car somewhere over there
my sister's car it's right over there
damn Daniel back at it again with the
Lamborghini no my cars over there oh
it's over there okay yeah we'll follow
you okay yeah we'll follow you all right
peace out
engine on
driving around at night
look at the two cars in front of me my
sister's Lamborghini and we have an SLS
whoo
- there's an s is flying whoo look at
that I couldn't even make it to them now
that I'm Hawaiian to say a huge huge
thank you to every single one of you
because if you haven't realized I just
recently passed nine hundred thousand
subscribers and it's crazy to think we
are less than 100,000 away from a
million which is just it's an insane
number is really an insane number so
right now I actually have live
subscriber count up if you can see that
nine hundred thousand one hundred and
sixty-five and yeah I know I missed nine
hundred thousand on the dot but it
doesn't matter because I'm still super
super happy because it's just another
milestone being passed man and 1 million
is just going to be ridiculous so thank
you for now I really appreciate every
single one of you that supports the
channel and yeah it was like we did two
awesome things today we passed nine
hundred thousand subscribers and we met
a really really cool football player
which was just so awesome and down to
earth
anyways I shall end today's vlog by
opening a couple of packets which I
selected which are these so let's open
them bad boys up and see what's in them
by the way I just want to know guys that
these three packages are not the only
ones I have to open
I've actually got about like twenty
thirty pieces of mail which I need to
open but just to keep things sure I like
to open a couple every single day and I
kind of get excited every time I open
them so let's get straight into this see
what's up okay
in the first one we have a tie okay
alright
that's cool that's cool I appreciate
your squad want to make me look smart I
think I know how to do this guys okay so
all you do you take this you go round
and you pull it through okay
wait wait whoa BAM
the last time oh i've been subscribed to
since 100 subscribers that is crazy like
literally nobody here even i had a
hundred subscribers but you said he
followed my gaming channel before that
so huge thank you to the guys and
following me for a long time so that i
bought you a little present a Hugo Boss
tie I hope you like and he's from
Manchester so thank you so much buddy
I appreciate it I think this tie
actually matches this shirt look at this
I know it's not formal sure but I think
your boy looks pretty nice in this
anyways let's go to the second packet by
the way this one makes a lot of noise so
I can probably already guarantee there's
a lot of coins in here so yeah let's get
to opening it okay you know what look I
opened the little corner in here let's
see if we can get some points to come
out is it I'll be doing alright and that
is a lot of coins dang so far guys there
is a ton of coins in here let me open
the rest of this back and see what's up
so oh goodness
we got an adorable teddy bear in here I
like this guy
this guy's mine okay you know what I
don't even care if it says it's rolana
the lair I'm telling you from now this
guy's mine okay oh how do we go as
second okay you know what Lana can have
the duck I'm keeping the rabbit boys all
right let's see what the letter says I
would that is a lot of pages to read
that let's read this hi I'm Alana and
mummy boy I just want to say I've been
watching your vlogs for two years and I
wanted to say that you're the best
youtuber page one complete
I have watched even though you are 20
I'm confused I have ever watched even
though you're 25 years old
like guys I promise you I have no idea
what it says now okay I completely lost
you buddy but thank you so so much I
appreciate it a piece because it says
piece right there thank you by the way
it is say who gets what so I'm keeping
both of these teddy bears thank you
that's my little buddy it's actually
really soft oh I like this guy by the
way this stuff was from Hilton thank you
so much Hilton I just read the last page
basically it was kind of stuck to each
other but yeah thanks Hilton all right
to finish off today's little mail time
I'm going to open up this this also
makes a lawn waste but this doesn't
sound like coins it sounds more like
metal objects moving in there so let's
go ahead and open this up and see what
it is I'm actually clueless like that
one you can tell you is coins this one I
just don't know I'm not going to open
this packet because it looks like
there's a lot of stuff for a lot in here
so I think I'm gonna leave that for when
she is not asleep guys it's currently
like 1:00 a.m. sure any fell asleep so
Oh Kayla I'm gonna show you why so so
far to not leave you guys in suspense
there's like a lot of jewelry and I
think if I'm not mistaken so we're gonna
keep this one close for her okay that's
the plan I'm not no I'm gonna end
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed awesome awesome day meeting some
cool faces
I sure guys I know I said this before
but it's still so surreal like meeting
people you watch on TV like I watched a
lot of Arsenal games cuz I told you a
lot of my friends in London supported
that team and would just sit around and
the guy you would see on the screen was
in front of my face today they're such a
cool guy but yeah anyways see you guys
somewhere I'm running a blob on anymore
by the way check out Raj's channel he's
going to post a sneaker video he did
with also so I leave a link to his
channel in the description and yeah see
you guys some more stay also love you
all thank you for 900 K yo yo
goodbye well one more thing guys if you
haven't already followed me on snapchat
please do so because I've been really
really active on it recently the name is
Mohamad ooh I'll try leaving that like
yellow thing where you can scan over
here so go ahead and check me out there
like today I was snapping everything and
if you guys follow me there you'll see
everything before it comes out on the
blog so that's pretty cool also don't
forget to follow your boy on Instagram
because I'm trying to be more active on
them too specifically and I'd love your
support
anyways stay awesome don't forget I love
you all and bring it in guys whoo
