good morning and welcome to another vlog
white teeth game hey alright guys what
is up welcome back to another vlog how
are you doing today we have a bunch of
stuff to do because I'm talking I need
to let them know guys so the first thing
we need to do today is to go and buy me
a brand new laptop ok pretty much
yesterday I broke my what are you doing
still smiling guys so basically my boy
is ready we're gonna go buy me a new
laptop look at what happened to my
laptop yesterday
no don't break it oh my god no but I
still need it
oh my footage is on there so pretty much
guys yesterday I broke my laptop so
right now we need to go and buy new one
guys bro you know what that means I'm
giving this one away anyways right now
we are heading to the Apple store let's
go let's get a new laptop guys so right
now we just made it to the Apple store
it is absolutely packed over in your
basically they can actually fix my
laptop so instead of me buying a laptop
wash its buying one keyboard guys check
it out guys so my boy went and got the
top-of-the-line this is almost $4,000
wait where you going rush it right words
where are you going bro so I'm actually
gonna be editing on the laptop keyboard
until I get mine repaired because he was
buying one anyways for now we're heading
out so let's go oh my god oh my god damn
ankles dog I think so right now we are
about to have a boxing match Raschid vs.
Albert guys we want to clean fight
alright let's go
don't mess around we've actually come to
the sprayground headquarters where they
design all of these bags guys and this
place is really cool look at this oh
look at this couch they've got a solid
gold bar right here
solid gold that's the money shot right
there
this is something I need in my house I
don't know what this is can we actually
take this to my house this is what you
call money that's been our officially
heading out we're sprague rounded up
right now we get the mosques the jack
sprague round we are heading to our next
destination right now Mir Russian are
heading to posses house but are you
ready to be fussy yes sir yeah he's a
nice guy
so right now we're heading to boosie's
house it's an hour drive so let's go see
what he's up to
yo all right guys so right now we just
made it back home tiring day oh oh you
consider my house home bro we're like
brothers you're talking about
we are here at Fugees house right now
you got muffin the star of the blog guys
he's got the most adorable dog in a
supreme jacket oh is that like is that
it's legit yeah he's good but if you're
good you can beat I can beat him yeah
yeah I guess we drove an hour and a half
to play fifa so let the games begin
so before the game started I said on
Lucy's blog that you'd win I take that
back one this guy for have you ever
played this game muffin muffin how are
you we have to say what happened before
she 5-0 no he's my guest I had to give
him a win to make him feel like what are
you gonna be recording I actually want
to show you his sneaker connection cuz
he actually has a lot of good stuff over
here so check it out guys
oh damn so one of my favorites are these
down these are nice so I'm not sure how
much you guys know about sneakers he
even has the Yeezy 750 s these are nice
I want to take you to the most special
thing ever
okay guys only YouTube legends get this
like if you're YouTube oh gee legend and
there's not many my guy has a diamond
YouTube play button guys call me a
legend a legend
I've had so many candles look I have I'm
missing like two of them like 600 of
those barber plaques at 10 million
subscriber plaque - girl wanting
subscriber plaques and then you guys
subscribe to the new channel today so
soon a new subscriber thank you yeah
I've never seen this I've never seen
this in person
take it or under down let me hold it now
hold it oh my god it's done drop that
guys guys I've worked really hard on
YouTube and I never thought this day
would come
that's a thumbnail by the way look at
the setup he has over here this is the
craziest gaming setup I've seen in a
while
alright guys so Foose is showing us
something weird apparently what is this
if any of you either of you awful five
minutes on the clock
can open this and get this ball out okay
you can have any pair of shoes anything
any pair of shoes I think I've seen this
you put like a check in there right oh
this was that was a different one
somebody sent me this one in my feel box
and what's you can't open it wallah
I promise I know he's lying on the
ground open it what I can break it no
don't do that they're trying to open the
box this is awesome I totally can get
any shoes if they can open it don't say
that you guys you trying to be hard I
was it crazy months ahead yeah I tried
it's not that good like a rush of blood
different one I want you to try the
crazy
you're basically halo in real life you
have to stand up Oh
that was literally like mini that's all
did you say hey okay guys how do you I'm
all right there was a sizing because I
didn't think you would be able to open
it especially within 30 seconds
check-check tied them on let me check
how much they're going for supreme dam
by far they loosen it listen why are
they called supreme fight the company
supreme or fire Jordan look at that no
it is the collab with supreme oh if it
that is you know I smell rotten to the
Rashid boss it actually Nana see it's
their loss in arson Oh oh my god I'm sad
what's the 94 obviously garland like a
thousand
a thousand a thousand I'm not sure 650
thousand uh no matter look at the wrong
thing guys are takers yeah you know he's
a good boy
guys never in my life would I think I'd
win that game I'm not gonna lie well I'm
upset at him why because now they made
this now he's the last guy and he said I
feel uncomfortable taking it I really
want to say thank you because the deal
is a deal but me love you bro you should
take the shoes how about this when you
come to Dubai you buy me a pair shoes
you know what I should have taken know I
should have taken these I should have
just gone first straight out the most
expensive red bottoms down all right so
right now he quickly came over to
Bruce's brother's house they are man
they're going mr. Ross and his brother
thinking well guys I want you to do
something guys I want you to all go to
my boy who sees new channel and comment
you need to upload daily daily Irish bro
I hear when I see somebody with a
potential like he can have the greatest
like combat yeah we're already like
getting crazy views just need the heart
bro you see are you
I don't know man I'm trying well long
time no see back Monday drugs and if you
come out to dry mm-hmm that's it that's
gonna Sparkle when I get back to you bye
and again when I get to Dubai I'm gonna
get Liars I'm gonna like feel it guys
and it feels weird like cuz I used to
watch you every day like every
single day so I'm just chillin with him
here like this is the guy in the screen
yeah and that's why yesterday he said
he's not the guy that you guys all
thought that he was yeah guys I stretch
I'm living life I kind of fell into the
date at one point I was like you know
what Lucy isn't that nice like I just
watched the videos you know really and
then I show you a person I was like damn
I was wrong you know because when I turn
the camera man I'm not even like myself
in person then you hold the camera you
become a personality yeah I even mean
I'm like super I will start I wanna make
sure he comes back I'm taking credit for
this because I chilling yeah they're not
even gonna last vlog they're too
competitive right now for now we are
officially heading out I just want to
say a big big thank you to fousey and
his brothers over there thanks again
appreciate everything guys it was super
super fun hanging out
don't forget I'm coming to Dubai he's
putting my face on his car yeah I regret
saying that now big thank you for them
showing us around for now we're heading
out very ready where you trying to bite
me bro
all right guys we're going we are back
at the hotel right now we got my boy
Abdullah bro what are you doing with the
laptop and tissues alright guys so we
are back at the hotel right now after a
crazy crazy day big shout out to
again for letting us come to his house
alright anyways now that we're back at
the hotel I'm gonna wrap up today's look
here I hope you have enjoyed it honestly
seeing that 10 million subscribers like
today it's just so surreal like you know
like that is something I could like just
never imagined getting you know like I
can imagine getting you but it's just uh
uh you know what I'm
kind of say guys it's just an ultimate
goal briea guys as always I love you
guys so so much I'll see you tomorrow
for another epic vlog guys just help a
brother out
subscribe I only need about six million
more people to get that button so yeah
you guys could be one of those guys
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow and
as always yellow
