yoyoyo everyone welcome to another
frantic vlog starting out today with a
bit of exercise I've got my skateboard
sister's got her running gear on which
consists of a hat what are you doing on
my skateboard don't hurt yourself
anyways let's go I want to see if the
broken tree like one of them they hadn't
cleared up that day so I hope it's there
so we can go take a look at it if not
let's go do a bit of exercising and
stuff like that
I'm just a skater girl she said see you
later oh boy
anyways I couldn't really be bothered to
run today because I just took a shower
and didn't want to get all sweaty but
look at this via car spotting in the
area matte black as well that's matte
black right hey hey look at that beast
it's a hard-knock life for us it's a
hard-knock life for us nanana you know
what's extremely funny oh my sister
takes running so seriously like she she
puts her eyebrows together and looks all
mad and stuff hey what's up guys
always good to see the yoyo squat in the
area this is what is left off the palm
tree we saw yesterday that is the
remainder it used to be one huge tree
now the poor guys gone
don't give up guys don't give up always
keep going
oh wait I've got an idea I've got an
idea
play a spear with it like my sister she
used to do javelin in their GCSEs this
is what you call javelin with a stick
dead letter that Nanette then that that
that that that there that was a pathetic
through let me show you guys how you
properly javelin you have to have to
swing in the arm okay yours went
somewhere around there kick are you on
oh it's so hot right now
I don't even know why I came for a
skateboard ride I took a shower and I'm
already saying but I really love the
view you get over here at the mornings
this is motivation more motivation
Mondays I don't even know what day is
the night I think it's Sunday today
anyways let's continue my skateboarding
session now that I'm home I actually
want to show you guys something it's a
little update with my youtube channel
and there's a reason I want to show you
this so the other day I was on Twitter
and I don't use Twitter that often I'm
not gonna lie I'm just not - air person
but I was on there and somebody tweeted
mo vlogs isn't even verified that means
yes fake subscribers and I was confused
I was proper confuse alike really so I
went to do one email and now I'm
officially verified for you haters that
think guys I don't know why people still
don't think like my YouTube is legit
like just a heads up YouTube would not
send you the 100 k plaque if your
subscribers were fake but just for you
guys you want to see my youtube channel
is verifiable and quickly log in and
show you babe guys you see that verify I
did so I finally have a tick next to my
name so yeah I think I actually need to
say a big thank you to the person who
tweeted that because if it wasn't for
his tweet I actually wouldn't have even
cared to go get that verification -
because I'm not really somebody who
cares about having like an official page
stuff like that I make the videos for
you guys to watch but now I can actually
say yo you know you know I'm a verified
youtuber right I'm verified
look I'm verified on YouTube I've got a
tick next to my name oh yeah well that's
what's up
look next two more vlogs scroll the
mouse scroll the mouse
oh yeah verified youtuber the hairs got
it for me nah no you ain't verified by
choo choo choo very very vibrant
verified if you need to have the
contacts don't worry about that I don't
worry about that
basically all the fakes will get exposed
okay it has a tick that's how you know
if you have a tick so click on it and
there it has a tick next to the I don't
know I don't know just leave it alone
I I don't know guys okay I don't know
what it does but I finally have it okay
I have a verification to big person on
YouTube okay I'm gonna head out soon but
before I do I was gonna do something you
know I just can't remember it all so I
going to do okay great you remembered
what I was gonna do basically I've had
these like five layers sitting on the
table and we haven't opened them so me
and mommy mo are quickly very quickly
going to go through them I'm gonna read
all of the letters off the blog bar show
you everything inside them at the end
okay so let's get cracking guys mommy mo
let's do the honors first letter was
from Brooke came with a load of coins
and yeah thank you my man I don't even
know where these are from they look
super awesome Oh second letter is from
Shanker he sent me this really awesome
no and this little keychain from Lana
which I'll give her in a moment
no is that why just saw yeah is that I
just saw this is $100 go playing no oh
my god what guys
this is a $100 gold-plated no wow oh my
god
huge shout out to Lucas he is the one
who sent that hundred dollars as well as
these mint condition notes which are
from this is Bangko Sentral and Republic
of Brazil Wow
I'm still in shock from this hundred of
gold play a hundred dollar note because
this looks insane
what 24 karat plated so next up Nixie
has sent us a 2000 costa rica money so
thank you for that it's actually set a
date for this letter so I'm not gonna
put off in case I rip it but really do
you appreciate that
Wow money was leaked Rangers been
opening them handing them to me it's
like a joint effort what this mail time
is insane guys okay okay wait hold on
everybody let me quickly show you this
note in depth because this is one of the
coolest notes I've seen I think I've got
a similar note before but look it's
invisible
do you guys see my eyes through that
that is really really awesome stumblin
you see my hand passing through it and
as I said like until like two weeks ago
I never knew like Canada had the Queen
on its note but that's really awesome
thank
you - thank you - thank you for even for
sending that by from Canada Inc
thank you - Simon from Sweden presenting
this Crenn or by appreciate it and the
final layer to end up what I've actually
never even seen these notes Robin do you
know what this is
thank you to the Danish moral for this
Danish Krone or but guys take a look at
the note I've never seen a note so
simple like this look it's really really
simple look at that awesome awesome
stuff anyways guys shortly on Mel time
with my mum thank you to all the few
presenting stuff bye oh yeah quickly
before I go because I need to be at the
mall my friends let's go give this to
Lana cuz this is actually a really
really cool chain look at that guy's it
says Lana rose and it's got flour on it
which is really cool so I'm gonna give
this to her head out my friends and go
yeah hey what's up Lana what are you
doing by the way the other squad gave
you this which is a really cool keychain
with your name on it and it's got a rose
it's a fairy oh those are rose oh okay
anyways there you go guys enjoy that put
it on your keys and see you soon okay
complete your makeup in whatever you're
doing bye okay I just got to the mall
but there's always something nice about
looking at two rolls-royce's next to
each other
super super elegant we just came into
the game
I see a free pair of tickets on the game
and this is what you cool
to see how many I can get so except from
these I couldn't find any more ticket to
the game section but I thought this game
looked really cool in a laugh
they've actually got Batman seats over
here right you know we've been in the
real Batman yourself I'm not too
impressed so my boy brought me over to
this ice cream place and they're
actually going to chuck the ice cream
and I'm gonna catch it so there's a lot
on the line over here so yeah good luck
to me hey guys maybe catching an ice
cream
three
yeah so you guys took my attempt at
catching it now the professionals are
gonna do it I like Chester the ice cream
down okay let's see them do it hi oh
okay that's what you call a catch
thank you anyways there you go guys my
my first ice cream which I quote myself
I call it like a football player i
chested it down into the girl
I just finished up over here with my
friend we just came here to eat
literally but we're heading out again to
go me up with Lipton you guys I think
should know by now but look at this
rockin that is one of the coolest
orchids I've ever seen we were actually
gonna do this to our car you see the
eyelids on the car I call them eyelids
but they're not obviously but then we
kind of were like and we didn't do it
but I think it still looks really really
gorgeous okay so we're just on our way
to the carriage house where we're going
to right now but the view is absolutely
ridiculous right now what you get so
check that out guys the Burj Khalifa the
top half is covered by clouds which just
looks really really cool yo you know the
moon is straight above it I swear that
it's awesome I'm not sure if you saw
that guy I felt like you know like when
you go to like Hollywood what
you know when you go home you wanna
tonight you're sitting your head outside
the window and let's see if we can see
it guys I'm at my camera drops
I'm dude guys look at that guy's the
moon is right there Burj Kalifa over
there anyways I really love coming by
the downtown area because look at all
the palm trees they have and they're all
lit up over here which makes it really
cool
so we just made it over to this current
place it's called car cows it has some
tea and melt with my boy Linden we got
for you here SR and you know your boy
Warren over here
we just had our two you guys it's
actually really nice over here check it
out
but obviously you guys know the awesome
view here like that's my favorite I'm
trying to climb laughter huh you're
changing colors now okay guys let's just
enjoy the view right now because that
looks epic yo look at look at the board
that looks amazing
look at the cloud cover at the top yeah
no that is sick right there
remember
check out the top of Burj Kalifa you
can't even see it right now because the
clouds are that into it by the way I
completely forgot to mention guys since
Linden is here he is now finally
recovered so I when I saw that here like
I'm finally alive yeah there you go
thankfully you did get better but yeah
there you go Linden in action again with
this lot camera leggo pump out the blogs
in the pump out download okay I think
we're heading out now
good day seeing you guys and the n peace
out hi boys the ride is here
Maybach pulled up and we're about to
leave look we come loaded with guns out
here
he's always loaded guys oh we got the
paintball gun inside
what was that turn off in it oh that's
how it turns off you can smell what is
it nitrogen or what what power is this
yeah Oh see you guys don't mess with us
we will shoot you
there's actually something in the
Maybach which I haven't showed you till
now because I showed you pretty much
everything except the TV and the cool
part about the TV is that when you turn
it on I love the fact that the Maybach
logo comes up but you guys already know
I'm in love with the interior of this
car it's just amazing and it's so so
relaxing like just sleeping in the
backseat like I know why you will get
this car it's like if you're a sly can
extremely busy person and the only
relaxing you guys in your car then this
car is perfect because it gets you to
place to place like and you can sleep in
between
me then we're gonna go to the Mustang
that just isn't logical right
nothing like turning on my must eh oh
yeah money money yo guess what my mom
and sister found then they found my
glosses yes
I can't basically guess where with guys
in the tissue box off the Lamborghini I
think I must have been at an event Chuck
get like down and it just fell into the
tissue box but your glasses hey hey yeah
they're still with me guys and look this
was the little scratch I was talking
about somewhere here I like I can't no I
don't think you guys can see it there's
a tiny scratch on it so yeah you guys
are searching for my glasses don't worry
I found them
I can't imagine somebody actually
searching around my losses but oh we
found it I literally just got in and I I
just made it home I was having the time
of my life getting driven around in a
Maybach now back to my regular duties oh
I was like I need somebody to drive me
to the grocery store darn it okay let's
go fly wow I should house having such a
good time today mommy
sitting back back Co for me back getting
driven around and now I'm my mom's
personal chauffeur again so I'm not sure
if this was just my primary school but
sometimes once in a while we would take
like you know these pastors and we would
color them and give them out like one at
a time I can't remember exactly what it
was for it was super random but
basically we take pastor like color in
one like a highlighter like make a
little design on it and then give it a
pie I just I don't know why we did it
not I think by
doesn't make sense because you can't eat
it because you colored it and there's
literally nothing you can do with it
so there you go the dumb stuff we're
doing we're kids I don't why would the
schools even set that as a project to us
oh don't take your pasta and color it in
alright guys I thought I'd show you
something every time I come home my cat
kitty
she loves to steal my shoes let me show
you guys you see she has a tendency of
taking my shoes and like lying down
across them in this position or
sometimes she kind of puts her head on
so she uses it like sort of like a
pillow or like a rest arms press decided
no that's why she loves shoes by the way
she's not a girl no no don't don't she's
relaxing you know she's in love with
shoes give her any shoe she'll be so
happy she's getting really comfy now
what are you doing what is she doing by
the way I thought I'd show you guys are
updated fridge with some more magnets
that you guys sent us by I'm not sure if
you guys remember these but look we've
got all of these wait where were these
from by the way do you remember Lana
this Zoo on Bali yeah there we go guys
the Bali magnets so that is our fridge
so far magic Lana
one day this whole thing with my that'd
be awesome but I thought it's coming
along really nicely thanks to you guys
mo blogs Lana Rose Keep Calm because I
love you mama oh that's her mommy mo and
all of that stuff so yeah as always
everybody I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog
here I love you all stay awesome and
don't forget your boy is a legitimate
youtuber now anyways they also love your
yellow yellow
goodbye
