please get yeah
yo yo everyone how are you all doing so
today I'm actually doing something that
I completely forgot about so right now
actually heading over to me up with
Russian Kobe and another social media
person called bin bass he's actually our
like almost 3 million followers on
Instagram so he's huge in the Middle
East and I think we're gonna be
recording like some sort of skit like a
funny thing it's gonna be fun cuz I've
never done this before so it's gonna be
a first for me
let's head over to Russia's now and see
what's up over that I think it should be
pretty funny so catch you on the other
side Kobe's letting us join when I'm
sort of damns you made it Kobe you made
it I need a fake profile as a 15 year
old girl Amanda and I'm talking to them
first for a game over TV man like a
tiger a lady tiger if you know like it
might be happening we got each other
yeah
Abu Dhabi never mind Bob no time you
back mo blogs on the camera we pull it
out bout him every time he is right on
time and every time that I ride a
speaker for mine okay boy so I just made
it to Russia's house and basically I'm
Russian guys saw he just gave us a
little rap you know why Eminem over
there Romney but it was those da but
right now we're actually gonna do a free
a crossbar challenge me gets Raschid
began subdue LA he's actually a
professional footballer which is kind of
fair but let's yeah I'm confident in my
skills let's go by the way before we
play look at the shoes he's gone on guys
those are pinnacles so we cannot play in
them they're very limited I actually
never knew this guys but they've got
iguanas all around the farm three like
they're just around the place okay check
out that guy's I think you can kind of
see him there but hi there you go yep
he's running up Wow back at it again
what are you guys doing man
okay we're heading over to do our
challenge as I said it
parasha driving this is a four seer by
the way if you didn't know that for me
we should get cold to hang on this topic
retouch full dinner touch our goal
breakage accurate
all right boys this is just warm-ups I
want to see how good they are before I
decide to play I crossbar challenge go
okay okay area excuses issue Oh kinda
close gotta close by the way I don't
know what we're doing exactly today like
this is a last-minute thing but we've
got drones involved and this stuff is
some serious business like this is a
professional drone I might ask to give
it a try but I don't want to break it
because I'm not the best flyer in the
world but yeah there you go today we're
gonna be doing some serious action with
drones and stuff on second thoughts guys
I'm not even gonna try because I do not
want to break this and said Kasia who's
a professional gonna teach me how to do
this so let's see how hard it is
Oh
you're pretty good with this thing
knives the camera by the way guys and
you can see I go under
there you go boys guys the drone I can
feel it on my hand like Dan hi boys
since I've done as a freshman I want to
see if he can hit top corner for us on
the vlog boom there we go I rush it your
turn now by the way guys do not expect
me to hit any of them shot ok sprinklers
have turned on we need to go guys ok no
time for me do they all turn on suddenly
I think I need that sight do you think I
need outside you can still play no okay
no no no damn boys everything turned on
this is how you land the drone boys Oh
boom that was a close cool
all right drone coming down drone coming
down boys
whoa nailed it and that was great so
we're just next to the drops as always I
thought feed them kids it's been a long
time oh well that was great you just
pulled it out let's try and not lose
this one out of our hands let's keep
this one in my hand
uh-oh there we go damn what they pull so
hard guys Dan there you go okay that's
enough
you're gonna leave these drops alone
guys by the way since nobody's around me
I think we're gonna be pranking Coby and
I'll show you what we do but let's just
hope this works out okay I'm not sure if
we didn't get it the top even it
complements the watch it either way guys
you didn't meet him properly this is the
man who self in bass device giving hat
how are you guys I love you but he only
speaks Irish Amy but yeah basically he's
like one of the biggest I think the
biggest Instagrammer in the UAE for
comedy and stuff so yeah check him out
bin match three million followers that's
crazy
one day I'll have a million above love
one he will hit 1 million just finish
out this week right now we're gonna eat
though so yeah catch you that piece okay
I'm gonna quickly go wash my hands
before I even I get this little tiger
over here the tie I keep on pulling
lions tigers this is actually one of the
coolest washrooms ever and I don't think
I've showed you guys this begin to this
gotta taps over here and stuff like that
towels and these turtles which always
look so so cool feeding the little what
are you schooled by the way yeah
monkeys oh my is Abdullah stealing the
mustache is this the mustache guy no
this is a different guy this is the most
he's the mustache guy look at him guys
it's a monkey with a mustache he's so
aggressive just pulls out your hand oh
wow yeah he took it there you go
oh she has honesty
hey you do really cute okay so ranae and
Colby are feeding Paris which is the
female monkey because of finger nose
they won't dare eat the mail basically
won't dare eat unless they're on
opposite side so we will come to this
side and feeding her Oh doesn't even
want the food anymore she just wants to
be in a bag yeah she was the paparazzi
you can actually touch her though you
know that no yeah no really really
Oh Armani came oh okay we're okay we're
sorry for feeding her Oh
eyes look at the strength of Armand you
dropped that oh my god Raja show them
what that solid is it solid you can't
break it with your hand and he just
smacked it down from there somehow Oh
guys if you didn't know the Tigers
actually like go towards smaller like
children because their prey is anything
smaller than them and if you look at
this they're after this guy like they're
just chasing him around the whole time
look at this holy moly
they've literally were chasing him down
like there's no fancy done oh my god
he's about to go oh oh
holy moly Romney came after you on that
one
ruff you guys this is the liger
oh oh he's taller than you with your
hands up
that guy's massive this guy almost bit
my sister's finger off Wow oh jeez like
a doesn't like you go on the corner oh
my god guys what am i she never come
jump
guys I never saw this they actually are
Turtles over here so it's a snapping
turtle Wow
is that nice roast em kiss him you know
I'm gonna put her back with his mommy
all right there you go cuz that is mom I
think I don't run I've been here a
couple of times guys but this is the
first time I've ever seen their Turtles
Wow look at these they put their heads
in once you come close to them how old
can these get like 200 years old or Wow
damn how does this guy o- look at it
they don't feel that but it's cool to do
they do yeah it's like you're touching
someone's touching a foot on their show
yeah they feel everything we do wow I
never knew that that's all right buddy
that's cool anyways that is actually
really awesome to see
turell's I wish we could see them in the
water but I don't think they're gonna
make it here anytime soon because
they're super slow you got no turtles
but yeah they've got their own little
like sand castle over here
oh he puts his face and every time I
come close by the way guys I don't think
I actually mentioned but Abdullah is
Russia's brother so yeah we're gonna be
chatting they all ditched us by the way
like they literally will left so what's
wrong with the work that I know what's
up what did you say that what's wrong
with the world today man he's got like
so Weiss and I like that's my Dennis
Antonio Montano mo but I don't focus on
kuba Jemma mcnamaras I said a lot more
bad words but I'm not trying to say that
thank you sweetie I think he's swearing
in another language yet anyways we're
gonna make it over to everyone else's
they literally all left us while we're
playing with the Turtles hold this one
all right got your wallet all right
thank you let's go I don't know why
cause we trusted me with his wallet but
I'm going on a shopping spree today
Love Wins in Cleveland whoo excuse me
sorry I just watch this amazing crossed
doula oh that was the best class ever
it's changed super hot now guys and war
is here thank you so much oh those won't
eat it boys well needed war oh look at
this boys the Tigers drink war dad look
at that cats love blowing war yeah
taking me we're good you doing like this
Oh
guys this is something I've never met
before until today oh my god okay calm
down told me I'm a doggie this is Heidi
it's so aggressive you can you can
handle it are you still angry right
Pomerania when I was a boy I don't need
that you know there you go just now
smell you just put your hand in front of
him then smelly stop it plenty short
feel bigger giddy
okay guys so we came up with a really
cool idea to prank Kolby basically my
boy Ben bad okay he's gonna like come up
with a bucket and tell him that there's
a bird that escaped because of him we're
gonna try and show him the bird and
basically under it's gonna be horse whoo
right now he's over there touching the
animals and stuff so I'm gonna join him
pretend like I'm vlogging with him and
when he comes again but no I can't touch
it but then we're gonna try and make him
grab poop if this works he's gonna be
full of like threw on his hands let's
yeah - good good light you have to make
him believe me okay let's go
I don't know how you call him over
that's the only thing yeah you get let's
try yeah yeah your zebra yo-yo is that
what I what is your good just please
please be never be careful by the way
yeah yo it's a bit expensive huh be
careful okay okay I got it
I'm vlogging should I take chopper this
down you should you should come here you
should come here you should come here
come closer come look no no way oh yeah
I know you do it cuz you got strong
hands bro wait you like we can't do it
none of my hands are weak please get
yeah I got long I'll get it oh yeah so
y'all oh guys
he is so gullible I can't believe you
fell for that
yeah show them your hands show them your
hands
- oh look at that
yo so for something that was the easiest
prank to pull off guy we pulled out you
didn't even know what it was for a
second Oh Kobe's hand still smells like
 right now I can't believe I can you
guys did that to me you guys planned
that out
yeah aftermath up up up above brainwash
my Freddy i sir for a second you didn't
know what was going going dear half was
stuck in there oh geez
anyways boys let's go don't touch me
whatever I'm good no this is my life
they're so nice all right I need to wash
my hands anyway so thank you guys I'm
gonna get you guys back don't think that
this is last night he's having an
amazing time with you no I think they
actually like play fighting you know
they bite but like I wish I could play
fight with him you want to play with him
yeah but he always runs away from me
yeah I'm thinking Michael by the way
guys Renee just recently opened the
YouTube channel so I'll put that in the
description as well look at it it's
hiker so good with you alright you know
I'm not a Tigers person like they just
don't like me
unbelievable okay it looks so cool this
guys understand that this guy just wants
to stay on my head yeah I did anything I
just say go my friend he's nothing I
grew up right that's my best friend grew
up together I showing him some love
anyways boys we just finished up a
Russian splish awesome filming is cobia
been unbelievable ranked him and we did
like a funny scalp
and I could show you without supercooled
were heading out home now and yeah huge
thank you to rocket private yesterday
hey hey look at that
what is he doing hey Kobe Kobe there's a
bird under a bucket his first so like
rough right you think it was so song ya
know it's like super rigid guys like
anyway it's good night little buddy we
live another day so joy is so cool study
right next to that rocket anyway see you
soon buddy stay awesome yummy I love you
that's so cool on the drugs anymore he's
just chillin that right that's amazing
you can probably tell is super super
quiet guys are basically me a rush are
the only ones here now everybody's left
but we're gonna play one FIFA match to
determine who is finally the best at
FIFA like made fun of me so far it's 2-2
overall score today is the finale so
whoever wins we're gonna let you know
whose vote down below Teemo or team
Russian let me see that video before you
see people are gonna be skipping to the
end like no I knew the winner
yeah ideas are gonna play that and then
have dinner and yeah quit it a day
alright boys we just finished I know
whatever happened I want guys I wa oh
joy cider I should beat me too on guys
we're just about to eat I can't believe
I lost man I can't believe I lost whoa
food came smashing it damn thank you bro
it's super late I'm gonna head off home
now it's been a great great day chilling
with Raschid and everybody else but yeah
now I'm gonna go head off home see what
everyone's up to it's actually extremely
late so I need to get headed up right
now I hear something behind the door
let me dry and scare them what have you
guys been doing today nonsense I'm
delaying it all you're the funniest
thing happened today
he made Coby pick up poop no you're
kidding me mid bin baz uh it does poop
under the bike there was a horse by
the way brother you didn't know it was
like a huge lump like oh yeah pioneers
had snowbear off because you hadn't
washed it so he said you did them a
favor to be honest so I'll take you me
facing y'all gonna stick and every time
I touch against this tent he thinks
there's like something walking across it
though oh there we go whole dairy go
buddy
whoa he always pulled the whole tent
down oh my god oh Jesus he's on the TAT
he's on the dead head down Ted the happy
Ted yeah he's gone he's gone he brought
the house down finally as whenever they
would wrap up today's mochi I hope you
have enjoyed it's actually been a very
long time since I've set targets so if
you enjoyed today's log let's see if we
can hit 10,000 likes I don't know why
the saw
a number but yes they also everybody I
seek more yalta yodel goodbye
