yo yo everyone how are you all doing
starting today in my car
heading out straight away today I
actually kind of woke up late so I'm in
a rush
once I get to my boys I'll explain a bit
more cuz I'm not too sure exactly what's
going on at the moment but it should be
good fun
ie you look what's on the radio okay
guys I was literally about to leave to
go out and I saw my neighbor's roll up
in this beautiful Ferrari for AAA this
ling looks gorgeous and apparently this
color is like only with the new Ferrari
for AAA this is the owners by the way
thank you so much for letting me video
it's a gorgeous car wow I just can't
believe the color this is a standard
like it comes with it wow the new launch
color of the Ferrari for a eight boys
anyways there's a little tour of a car
my neighbor's new car in the interior on
this I love the tan it just looks
gorgeous
and the fire extinguisher it just looks
amazing anyways guys I'm not gonna let
this distract me anymore I just I was so
excited I had to stop by and yeah a
mazing car before I leave guys we're
just going to quickly switch on this car
to hear how it sounds because you really
do need to hear it alright
life is perfectly loud dirty iPad that
is the plow this is the engine by the
way for what if you wanted to see Wow
v10 turbo notice the first turbo model
wow it's really hot here it's like
boiling
everything's steaming out anyways
gorgeous gorgeous thing guys
by the way fun fact guys this is
actually the first convertible for a8 in
Dubai so I actually never knew that till
now because I've never seen one and then
I quickly ran out to see this one but
absolute beauty you saw the sound it
makes it's just amazing
anyways I think I can go on with the
rest of my day happy now those neighbors
which I just met are super super awesome
and I'm actually in love with their new
car it looks gorgeous that color you
guys know I have a have a special spot
for blue and a blue Ferrari for a a
cover oh that was mean literally guys
I'm not gonna joke I drove out of my
area because I was gonna head out and I
made a u-turn I made it I was like
there's no way there's no way I'm
missing that car for you guys because if
I find it beautiful I hope you guys find
as beautiful as I did cuz it was
gorgeous which it's gorgeous okay boy so
before I go me up with my friends I've
actually come over the driving center
basically I need to renew my driving
license they've told me to go and meet
like the director over here alright boys
let's get in and see what's up over here
I think this is where I need to be let's
knock see what's up hello
Oh Russian what's up man what's up and
what's not alright alright damn bro okay
so here's my license ready
jokes aside I made it over the bill
Haast driving center you got big boss
rush it over here answering the phone
calls and everything busy day
yeah it's been a busy day oh yes take it
let me see what you have in here all
right thank you bro
Wow your squad gets a special treatment
Jonica see oh wait did you have a cup of
tea so check it out guys this is one of
the cars is going to be drifting today
and it is freedom awesome look at it it
makes such a wild noise inside and we
got the white M&M what's up what's up
did it help Wow
look I got to get other thing
bro careful when you get into that
thinking like a boy just crazy as it
sounds actually to be getting in this
car while it's drifting and let's see
what's up this should be pretty fun I
can't wait guys the other properly be
stranded in this thing
boys let's roll
well
holy dad the car is going now that was
all the most insane things I've ever
seen
Wow nice boys we just finished up over
here and Shawn made it right there now
you guys know Shawn what should I call
you on the blog Shawn yeah sure that the
best things Shawn there you go run amir
baig yeah family ru√≠z we're gonna head
out now go to like a really cool
restaurant and see what's up over there
okay so we just go over to this really
cool restaurant and look at the
staircase it has over here what it's
like loads of locks and stuff and they
look to be signed
I'm not strong this is but it's really
really cool this is actually a really
really nice base guys and I think we're
eating here so over here you actually
order your food on iPads guys which is
pretty cool so let's press ENTER menu
and a food menu okay I got this I got
this you can do this more burgers
chicken ah this actually free Oh new
california california roll sushi sushi
california yeah but you can veto
my god I just wanted to show you the
drinks over here by the way you're also
going to be what up what up but the
drinks here coming these really cool
jars and something cooler is the drink
that my boy Rami got it looks like he's
not that cool I'm just happy it was it a
bitch it looks like you know when you
guys like Jamaica or some exotic country
that's like the type of dream so yeah
anyways I'm happy my friend over here
food should be here soon then yeah don't
me we'll all of the food just got here
boys
I like the presentation here and I all
of this left money fixing the game oh
they wrote it on there as well
everything money kicks guys this is
dynamite shrimps and it comes in peppers
dyes maybe the coolest thing I've ever
seen let's see I just finished up with
our dinner over here boys and the crew
is heading out a big ball of my damn
pants yeah we write knowing so much
thank you so much really are downstairs
take off the photo just basics amazing
and then head out anyways cuz I know a
really cool stairway when they have like
little little box place is really really
cool thank you so much thank you
let's go we gotta rejuvenate it to
motion shots guys and I've actually
never seen this done to a mango before
but for you to us all this basically
what you do you just basically take the
mango you squeeze it squeeze it keep
squeezing it until you feel the seat
floating around in there see you punch a
little hole on the top like this
oh Allah you've got yourself a mango
drink guy the guy shoots looking like a
sundae nothing wrong with that
the drive-ins and youtubers me out to
day giveaway I'll shout y'all in return
I'll put your Instagram down below
follow my voice for the amazing dancing
skills yeah I ready can are we doing a
giveaway now all right let's do this
stroke yo that is so cool
they just want to be with a charcoal
part anyways boys and be my boy rock
star heading out now
he's my darkest corner ah there you go
like switched on whoo today Russia
denounces first giveaway by the way guys
or as a Jordans left and I tried to
enter the giveaway lost benefit you know
they banned me from doing so guys hey
what's the one you got if I didn't I
would you
hate me if I entered a one lesson if I
won yeah I know
anyways the lift is here I think it's
flashing so should be here
woo
for I should always add it with the
kicks what are these by the way t rose
this is the first time I'm actually part
in this building kind of lost I think
I'm on this floor let's check all right
I think this is where my car should be
let's see please be on the left
No ah I literally have no heart yet okay
maybe maybe was basis number one baby
let's just go actually no no no I need
to go Bob okay let's try 3b 3b at max
please be over here if it's not someone
be picky let's check no no this is not
my car park either okay this is the
floor I think so cuz the doors open is
it yes yes my car's there let's go boys
anyways I'm gonna head off home guys and
I'll see you guys there it's actually so
spooky and like parking lots underground
like you know cuz there's so many movies
where stuff goes on so I want to go over
your soon as possible so let's go and
I'll catch you guys on home peace okay
boys I'd kiss your home a mummy more
wants to go outside so you know we're
gonna spend the rest of the day with
mummy
my mom actually looks so much smaller
than me none is why why what it's good
luck we got high heels guys I might
shoot somebody that much of a boost
anyways let's go see what's up outside
baby I'm like a tea or coffee you know
my mum like loves or cappuccinos and
yeah and the day like that
holy moly okay so we just got to JV our
guys and I just heard them cars go by
and I had to video it for you but guys
probably knew that we were here by the
blue bridge anyways I'm actually super
surprised guys we made it here in time
my older marketplace is open and I just
bought myself one of these mugs
basically I'm not sure if you guys saw
today at the restaurant that's what
they're using for their drinks and if
you can see my mom's hand got myself a
nice little red one
it looks like Little Red Riding Hood
yeah that's the first purchase of the
day boys they've actually got like a ton
of cool things around here which I love
looking around because they're all like
you know they're very priced and stuff
so they're not too expensive and they're
pretty cool stuff
money more obviously she's once they get
some jewelry jewelry as DJ Khaled says
they put so many cool things I look
around you know knit what things I just
awesome like ah I actually really like
these you know these bead bracelets
things I might get myself one not too
sure though this stool is one of the
coolest dudes I've ever seen boys look
at this they were like all of the
awesome stuff over here I'd love to have
that for like decorations you know what
before I buy a load of things that I'm
never gonna use I'm gonna walk out of
this marketplace I've actually got like
a bad a very very bad habit of buying
unnecessary stuff and the things I need
I don't get anyways just walk around
this wall area it's actually very very
empty because it's like 11 o'clock okay
people are playing like this football
snuke actually what it is look at that
guy's oh this is actually pretty cool
oh he's gonna chip it ah let's go guys
check this out what is this cool by the
way
you let's go come on gyroscope human and
you sit in it and you just start
spinning away that is great do you not
get like dizzy has anybody vomited
it's pretty cool oh this era in imagine
the city Nicky will be 3d see Wow
I saw you come talk to eat okay I'm
actually going to give this thing a try
because it looks super super dope and it
spins a lot so I don't think I can
actually hold my camera in there because
there's going to be a lot of spinning
involved but I'm gonna give it to mommy
mode to record for you guys now tell you
guys how it feels
apparently for astronaut training they
actually use this so if you could last
15 minutes in this that means you're
pretty much like a boss and you can go
into space just getting strapped up boys
as you can see I'm just going to do it
for like a minute boys I'm not going to
try the 15 minute astronaut challenge or
anything I don't think I meant for that
now I just want to test it out see how
it is shout out to all the astronauts
that go through this I'm not yeah I
cannot see any be welcome they must get
dizzy doing this is it validation free
epic I'm not gonna lie I still like the
hold of jpr like flying around me
alright boys this is IC and jb are you
guys when they come test this out free
food and yet test off you can become an
astronaut
thank you guys so much by the way
I appreciate it Wow just like all right
let's try it
oh wow all right I am pretty dizzy after
that ride boys I'd sure like I just
randomly saw it and I was like should I
test that out and it was actually really
really cool holy but my belly feels a
bit weird down like you spin just like I
saw JB are like flying around me 500
times this is actually the first time
I've ever seen this but there's a lot of
people selling balloons around here look
at this balloons make me smile guys they
just look super cool don't you think
it's like somebody's having a happy day
yeah guys I've actually never gotten in
one of these things passing by but these
are like taxis like they're pretty cool
they just take you to wherever you want
to be and they actually have like a
track over here where they have to
follow it's like a one-lane track around
the area pretty cool oh look at that guy
he's not following the track get back
here get back on the track I'm sorry to
say guys
only reason we get Trinity came out
today is because my mum wanted to get a
sugar bun yes she wanted to get a bun
that's sweet and very bad for you shake
my head Oh guys I was just about to
leave and look at this cat what's up
buddy he's so adorable and he's fully
black that is so cute my mom is actually
gonna go get him food right now but hey
but no no no wait wait wait I don't want
to hurt you okay the cat just left me I
went to serve over there I'm not gonna
move towards it because I don't want it
to run coz my mom's getting at food but
it's actually really adorable we just
got him some chicken but it's super hot
so he doesn't want to eat it straight
away cuz it's burning his tongue but
he's gonna slowly get up look at him
he's actually really enjoying it oh oh I
feel super happy because we just fed him
now and she's done
no he's just walking around for himself
where is he going
does he know what he's doing the guy's
going into the parking lot alright well
bye-bye
hope you enjoyed the food he literally
ate all her walked away guys we've
actually done a ton of things today but
to finish off the day we're humans so we
need our energy right and so does my
poor car man his poor car also need this
energy so at the petrol station giving
its food you know food is the fuel is
like food to a car basic visa
gonna finish off the day here oh I feel
super tired I've done so much today and
I hope you guys have enjoyed today's
know we did some cool stuff man
damn my neighbor's new car was epic I
love it I love it love it knows so much
and it was catch you guys at home to
wrap everything up for now just got to
pay for the petrol and leave actually on
second thoughts guys I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed first ever vlog wrapped up at a
petrol station oh yeah and it's day
awesome I love you all see tomorrow for
another special vlog I don't know if
it's special or not but yeah see then
stay awesome Yolo Yolo
good bye
