oh boy you're gonna do that I'm really
sorry
don't way they sent me to back up ones
they knew this was gonna happen 3 wait
let me see what the hell oh good morning
yo-yo everyone how are y'all doing I
want to start today by going around
skateboarding and it's nice to see you
bubbles how you doing that's really
random I did not expect him to come in
the intro look the door is open for you
go
come on little cat go inside and it is
see you soon buddy I'm going for a ride
on my skateboard you know when you just
feel like having some fresh air
sometimes that's exactly how I feel
right now I want to just go chillax for
a bit and yeah take a tour of the area
so actually come with me I'm gonna show
you my area hopefully a little better
than you've seen it okay so in-depth
tour of my area as you can see there's a
lot of trees every single Road in my
area has tons and tons of trees which
make it look very pretty so that's a
good okay this is the least informative
vlog of my area ever anyways I'll see
you on the way and catch you in I'm back
home
three and a half minutes later we are
home no you're not playing games with me
no I sure to your squat what you don't
know me you see in our kin ye like you
see they discussed it yeah I put in this
in YouTube
yours god watch it was much more like us
no yeah
this is VN more a few moments later
so today's look is actually gonna be
really different to a lot of my blogs
we're actually gonna have a normal day
for once no events no hecticness just a
plain normal family day guys okay so
yeah it's actually like half-past nine
and pretty much the first clip in the
vloggers here 10 - 10 - 10 ok there you
can take the mug camera let's let's
switch you off so much you can start
coming today so I'm really nervous in
front of the cameras I don't know what
to say everyone would look for ya
you thought behavior squat properly
Dardenne at the Lambuth when I gave her
a ten-second click to donor ownership
like this but you're like um where the
cars the there no I tried it only but
you just started laughing it was
horrible anyway let's go drop my keys my
car keys my wallet game okay time to go
oh I think they're inside we have any
rich look did you even feed the cats
are they alive sigh I'm weightless
friend
I gotta knees trying to end spin spin
I'm sorry this is how you know we are
complete geniuses guys all the shops are
closed by the time we got to the more
like the only place left open is like
the food core that's it so yeah we're
going to go eat some food now like I'm
not kidding every single store is pretty
much closed like unless one or two I
even like a look at it this is a kid's
store which should be open by now closed
right there one of the only stores left
open like look at that yo what the hell
is this girl dude get out get out before
they kick you out was that was that a
nice fluffy cuddle like
do you remember when we came to ski to
buy guys like that was on the funnest
things ever like it's so fun but it's so
cold obviously it's no it's actually
cold when you touch it oh it's freezing
touch it oh it's actually really really
cold
hello I made a friend guys there you go
I made a friend okay yeah let's go I
just got my mule and I wanted to show
you guys what it is so I actually don't
like getting burgers from KFC so instead
what I do is I make my own burgers
people don't appreciate chicken bones my
I should really like eating the bone
itself okay just kidding guys we have a
little bit of an emergency somebody
punched me like a all jokes aside I'm
going nosebleed in the middle of the
mall it's up basically
what do i it's bleeding war so yeah guys
just a bit karaoke oh oh sorry guys I'm
so sorry yes good okay I'll show you
guys it's made it's just a t-shirt I put
it in my nose I'm sorry as part of our
normal day we're coming to go shopping
at like 11 o'clock I think my family
does everything in Reverse I normally
11:00 in the morning people go shopping
on an 11 p.m. the thing is this is like
the star of our day we're gonna go home
do a mail time we're gonna go home test
out some toys like this is where
everything begins and then we sleep wake
up at like 5:00 p.m. tomorrow then start
the day here oh come the fellow it's a
baby to be
oh I don't know I don't understand but
this store I never understand they
relate the mineus of all shopping
trolleys that is tiny and it's got a
smiley face at the front look at that
one why is there like a little bear face
on there nananana nanana nananana
nananana Batman and Batman oh boy
remember the days guys remember the days
like the ice challenge the ice bath
challenge look at the things you find in
your local supermarket guys what the
hell what type of kid would want that as
a toy it's like when I was a kid I hated
snakes and in the toys what the hell
scared of you guys don't give that like
don't give that as a gift to kids I
don't I don't know personally I if he
gave me a snake as a kid out chucking
that to you like I'll die what the hell
you giving big bubbles has his new toy
which is this sumo and it doesn't seem
to like you like look at him
music music Karate Kid okay anyways
we're actually gonna get to opening
these two pieces of mail to see what's
in the box yeah he hates that so I just
kicks it
it is ticklish in the valley by the way
ya dirty boy ridiculous let's write her
mad
okay so we've been waiting about like a
week to open this box and we never got
around to it let's guess what's inside
the box it's quite heavy as to you I
don't know what it is though like I have
no idea I don't know why this just came
into my mind it could be completely
wrong it just looks like the size of the
Yeezy book so I don't think anybody
would send me Easy's I can't let me open
up my night what are you doing I'm doing
what you do not yet if you could only
open it we moment okay I would not wanna
die I mean you're gonna do that
Oh talk about big for me this is all
yours there is a box full of pink stuff
oh I'm pretty sure that that's rolana
Wow okay you know what we're gonna take
you one at a time
souvenirs from London oh you got a paint
brush set okay look at that not bad so
much there's a gift for there's a gift
inside here talk about unfair guys oh
there's no summer you and your family
give I don't see family I see you you're
not sick mom and for mold me okay
where's my money bro
I think the pack is my gift so you know
I'm taking now I'm happy with that this
is for you my job you're talented and
keep it up and here best of luck but the
message for me yes like that
whoa I just found out that my gift was a
message guys that's what I get
the literally one live in the lair with
my gift guys don't talk about being
unfairly nice over here what father gets
like all these peasants all of these
presents are Captain John your boss wow
talk about unfair gifting I can't see
you guys can just just send the whole
box one of the things for Lana I'm right
one sentence about me as my dear
no one there's a part okay I get right I
get a paragraph as I get it it says is
for you as my undies forget some cool
dude oh what's the gift it's the mummy
bull on display okay yeah brah I've used
it like that so they can actually see it
there you go I think they can see it
wait I would like can we hang this okay
what is that okay next up open on camera
a hair clip
thank you such a pretty color oh I think
one of them has to be from me at least
be like you know you said you said it
would hook your boy hole up some taking
this is so cool they're so cool I've
seen so many girls have them see their
face yeah great focus over there
professional camera focus on the damn
face focus is it focused bring up for it
I get that that's the focus I'm lucky
that's the focus thank you so much
you're so cool oh thank you oh wow this
is so pretty the hair clip there we go I
can't do this
alright okay it's like unfair gifts get
read unfair okay oh there you go you
have printed a pretty little fan Seti I
don't know how to close this this is so
cool we're gonna lie this on the slit
like a spider oh I think one of them is
for me I'm sorry there you go so part of
a Monday look we got them chains
that's what you get for getting all the
gifts I need to get a heart attack
anyway these actually really cool swag
emo up in the moment
hey are you okay now no I'm like the
right arm goes already feeling nominee
not anymore stop doing that please they
would look like snakes and spiders don't
like that isn't it's not my fault ease
my life so scared of my life vomit hey
this is what what is this place open oh
it's open with magnets oh okay no it's
not think I ripped it I'm really sorry
garden oh I'm sorry
okay I I broke one well super care it's
super you know where you can fix up
don't way they sent you to back up ones
they knew this was gonna happen
damn you guys gonna go lay on my bed
which was all of them are yours
yeah real mommy got the Blair's like the
little paragraphs like what is this what
is it way away
wait wait wait wait wait before you like
it you should see what they said you oh
they sent me something Wow okay bro bro
bro bro okay I apologize um I want to
say shout-out to my bro you didn't think
about and I love you
don't say anything I said seriously but
my bad actually gave me like the whole
rupee collection what and he stuck you
all like okay know what bro
you know I'm I take back everything I
said I think I think I judged you way
too soon but ever thank you I'm sorry I
even write em this teddy bear this is a
really good boy here oh wow seriously
thank you so much I appreciate this
anyways besides from that I give it
before you even open it guys look what
the box says jeweler's boy did I get
okay
ah I'm so excited is that Jude I hope
they didn't spend too much why these
guys
to me but there's something in there
moving around okay open it open it open
it whoa you're kidding me
is that actually like Jules yes
is that like diamonds whoa yeah what is
that
it's jewellery are you serious
whoa why would you guys send this this
is of too much whoa yo I don't even know
what to say man well first of all I
guess thank you thank you so much
that is crazy they actually send you
like proper jewelry like this is gold
I'm guessing that white gold I'm just
shocked right now sorry but this is Wow
much like yeah I know like that's crazy
I can't believe it this is like very
shocking guys this is beautiful oh my
god anyways this is Lana with her new
jury that you guys said thank you so
much great thank you too deep I hear
this is like um like a lot I don't know
I'm speechless
this is um this isn't this is a long and
there's no seriously huge shot on man
and we appreciate it
you seriously didn't have to do but
saying that we do love you for all of
these gifts like we really appreciate
just H is insane and yeah thank you my
man anyways what a mail time has been
it's been like a a one package melt I'm
so much in there which is just crazy but
just because I did tell you guys I play
with this we're gonna open up this
little virtual reality thing and play
with it and get Lana's gonna take all of
her gifts to her cave upstairs
yeah make a belt I'm video in your
channel about this hopefully you guys
whenever she makes a new video that that
is when you know the world is ending
very behind these things
I'll try time to open virtual reality
game and see what it's all about
whoa I can't what is this this is going
to be so good
basically you go into the future and
you're in space okay okay so it's
inspiration I'm not even joking like all
you do is you put your phone in here and
wallah you start playing the game look
at all you do guys there's certain games
you put your phone in and you're a
virtual reality okay so Qian bubbles are
actually now going through our mail time
look at this even bubbles no this is not
a toy this is not a talk okay so
basically my sister wanted to have a
shot at this to put this on your head
and tell us what you see okay I was
going to give up with that guy so my
sister wanted to have a try hold it
because it's gonna hurt your eyes a
little bit what do you see your eyes are
and since that's what you see at night
is gone from blue
yeah the knife is gone tell us what you
see though stop walking you're gonna hit
a wall three wait let me see what the
hell
this is not game for kids she still that
you know I am getting cross-eyed one
take off your head that is so cool yeah
it's got a roof Lana it's it's called
the Ruby
Chris takes charge they're basically
seeing this in 3d
y'all wait you're flying in this game
have you seen a little girl I guess they
can clearly see it what what the hell
are you trying to do you want it there
okay you can see it one second
you look so ridiculous right now wait
one second
you ready to replay I press the replay
here you go here you go there yeah oh
I'm yo the game is starting go
slamming this Gardens Hank he's hanging
what can we get to there's those are for
me and I'm bonding and there's guys be
tortured in front of me like on some
device like avoid being electrocuted and
then there's another guy looks like he's
hanging are you sure this is a game or
what the hell is this there's there's
like this make it first
that fucking like it what are you
watching now I'm just giving them what
violent PG game are you playing
closer to me man
it just keeps getting worse like a
monster hearing any age guys there you
go
hands-on review of that little 3d
virtual reality thing
how did if you you just look like a
lunatic in that you're like there's
something over there I'm really weak but
they're ok with that
somebody getting hanged naked ladies for
Chur it is this PG like what there is
that virtuality keep down I don't know
what you are playing my mind was so
peaceful pulling her as soon as she gets
into it she looks down as a lay naked
body then she says somebody's getting
hanged in the game I don't know that was
really weird I don't imagine I saw it
though like I believe you I would not
wanna make a horror version of that game
I'm giving that star I think they do
girl figure out how they're gonna be
trying to follow you and you just have
to run away from the now you're just a
head but like the window or something
anyways we're super tired I'm going to
end in today's vlog here if you have
enjoyed you know what to do say also
already I love you all and yet y'all
know oh
