I've been watching you know everyone how
are you all doing good morning today is
gonna be a good good day do not forget
that basically right now I'm actually
gonna head over to do some karting with
the boys I absolutely love karting let's
see what's up over there I think if I'm
not mistaken we're also gonna do like an
f1 experience but I don't even care like
anything isn't bonus on top of carding
because actually we love it but yeah
let's head over see what's up over there
and you know your boys gonna come
through and whip some ass cuz I'm
actually kind of good at car you know
zum-zum in my brand new car let's go
right now and see what's up whoo summer
is right around the corner and it is
getting very hot in Dubai whoa let's go
hi we finally made it here we are going
up okay I have no idea why but this
elevator smells like meat ropey anyways
I hope everybody's upstairs because
that's where I was told they were y'all
weird let's go okay so we're still
waiting on everybody to get here Rock
 and a couple of the guys are
upstairs playing some fifa but this is
the area all the carts are at night this
actually looks pretty cool
and you go through there like you just
drive through that plastic to go to the
actual drum area I'm guessing I can't
boy so we just made it they went all out
here everybody is slightly up drumming
as you can see I'm not gonna let it
focus because I don't even know
information may be oh yeah first in 72
years old are you oh and who is you
should be going in I brought the GoPro
guys putting this on my car and yeah
let's go cuz we have to wear these like
professional outfit things to go
go-karting my boy mole came ready lie he
looks like a profession got the Red Hat
- he looks sponsored like you know and
they're like all dressed up we are ready
to rock I'm actually really good at this
so really you got some come on ok yeah
guys with ready yeah that's just that
let's go we're going into the briefing
room right now to get our briefing of
course let's go see what's up then they
go go-karting dad yeah you can ah let's
push it right do you think essential
anyone for snapchat your bro they're
gonna come and start shouting
yo how are you gonna trust us already
stop so right now the briefing is going
on it shows a bunch of generics no
business idea
yeah okay briefing is over our about to
head up ready but crazy
how do I know who I am already know
that's Carmen like yeah like that's
crazy
check this out guys so we all have to
take a photo when we came inside here
and I have no idea how Kobe's photo were
just that like how did you take that
okay
I think it's connected to your guests
huh someone to know someone to know
someone damn
and there's awesome I like goofy faces
and he has like a professional ball
you're comfortable in there hey cover
that is it we are ready to go now as you
can see we got everybody out here rocks
are you ready to lose you ready to lose
though this time you're going to be like
10th place mo in the back let's do this
Oh
Oh
let go
that was good Wow
Joseph intended I'm strong get out of it
I don't know
from the back
alright boys that was I was the most
intense entry fun who's gonna do you
Matt we're killing be honest our cars
leaking gas no hey John good man thank
you
ok let's get out these guys I've had out
who my hair looks like I just came out
from like under storm rages baby monk
hey I don't care
hey yo ladies I'm John through John snow
I'm singer model Lebanese soon you're
gonna see me and you're pirates fan
Patti Patti me Sameach positive testing
franchise fee habla espanol fala
portugues amigas he's the best he one
day rocket boy yes okay basically Kobe
lost his phone on the track boy so oh we
have to go through here I kind of find
it it's somewhere on this huge track I
they said don't hold your balls but we
wanted to snap it and now we're phone
hunting on the auto drum track so he was
snapping on the track yeah he was no I
think he put it in his pocket and slid
out that's the thing I never thought I'd
be doing this but we are literally
scouting every corner for iPhone okay I
have no idea I can't find it I think it
might have gone under some sort of tire
or I don't even know this is how much I
have no idea where the phone is I'm
literally going through where the game
ends it's like this the phone has
literally melted we can't find it it's
so fun running through that day
still no luck we're gonna go check the
suits now maybe maybe somehow it's been
left in somebody's like clothes
accidentally I don't know though like we
couldn't see at the beginning but we're
gonna go check with the pockets again
Oh guys
the phone is there is no are you going
to get it like that
no no yeah put it down put it down you
can put your hand across it yeah how did
the phone get there that was a good spot
that was a good job but it's gonna be
under the finger I found it my broom
that's crazy
let's go for our dinosaur fish you guys
hope yeah Wow oh my least we can teach
them a lesson guys don't take the photo
since Jack luxuriously chillin under the
car that's crazy
everyone is finally done over here in
the car drones you see Coby going me and
him are actually going to go drive the
Aventador now you know my boy essa
I think Kobe's going to be driving I
might have like a little cruise in it as
well you know Reserves 100 real quick
boys but yeah like we've just been
seeing you for like an hour just like
chillaxing because that was like a
workout to us not gonna lie I was like
the hottest thing ever I was sweating I
look like I just got out of the shower
and stuff like that so equal a crew like
we got three four cars like yo sup what
size recording reblogging what you learn
boys what you listen I heard like you're
a model man
we actually do modeling dough like I've
heard your model would you do it or like
gentleman how you doing gonna be Sonny
was just on joining by the next year
yeah I you know I want to do one thing I
shall attend gonna be my man interest
again yeah I know I love love to be good
to somebody come in you're signing up
yeah that's huge I'm better than I can
write no thank you anyways that's it out
boys and have a good fun day my boy just
realized this thing is always been oh my
god like when I buy a new TV anything
you have to take you off a bull oh yeah
you know I've actually study about I
need to get off yeah yeah me yeah do the
other side as well
my real yeah oh you think that how I
kept them both OCD problems you have to
take them off and walk man they're good
no that's gonna be good I a see you guys
peace ah so he just made it over to the
shore oh my boy SF you can see that
Hobie dam is that you
this is Kobe's new ride if you didn't
know we actually came here because Kobe
really wanted to ride this Aventador so
that's what he's doing
doors not ready to go blue chrome ball
right yeah okay we're actually taking
the roof off his coat he wants to go
convertible
yeah you ready to do this
call me back at it again with the Lambo
so you've actually come to a decision
that we're not going to go for a ride in
this car and the reason is it's getting
a bit dark and we wanted to record some
nice voyage for you guys so instead we
might come back after two more or
something could you like the rougher
drive and I know you guys roasted me
last time for not like pushing the car
so like in two or three days I'm going
to come back and we're going to push
that acceleration to the limit but those
regardless cool to come see the car
today because you know that car looks
amazing and the cars inside I just like
looking at them we just made it over to
JB all right now look at this there
isn't Forks here over here Wow I love hi
that looks amazing
here's another one boys oh wow that is
really really cool guys two horsies just
made it better
hi boys just made it to the beach me
irrational ganging up against mo my boy
brought me let's see how this us you're
freestyling ain't gonna help here boy
let's do this ah my boy Sean is
recording off this to show you how good
me and my boy rockers on yeah that's how
far away now you have to turn the camera
backwards head
Oh didn't get that is what wome devil
ago it's that time of day boys were
super super target report over there
they've come here to eat at shack you
know a drunkard Shaquille O'Neal well
yeah we're just going to get burgers now
yup super super tired I you got your boy
wrong me Evan era the white
but not everybody dr. Bartman
yo you are everything that I enjoy your
food my foots coming soon boys Oh as I
said that look it up as soon as I could
my god
let's go get it Oh why it's been an
awesome awesome day now I'm heading out
I still juicy has a purpose you see that
Rolls Royce it looks beautiful by the
way the interior on that thing was red
oh I love red interior but yeah I'm
heading off maybe home or maybe to the
mall I think my mom and sister are out
together so I might go meet up with them
but it's been a pretty cool day and
there's something really exciting
happening very soon I don't want to
spoil it for you guys I won't say it but
when you guys see the thumbnail you're
gonna be like damn but ya know there was
really an awesome day hung out played
some Beach what like Kennish I swear
that is the most intense lookit you can
tell by my hair that is an intense sport
right there but yeah let's see I think
I'm gonna try me up my mom sister if not
let's go home I thought I'd show you
this for I can because I actually seen
this one quite a few times it's got like
this Italian flag line running down the
middle and it looks pretty cool I'm not
gonna lie it actually looks very very
cool
I actually parked my car quite far so
I'm just walking all the way to it right
now and yeah when I got to pick my mom
up who is at the mall
so let's go do that so since my mom is
still shopping I thought I'd come out to
show you this car because there's
actually two cars that look really cool
here this is McLaren and there's a GTR
behind it which I didn't even spot but
damn this color actually looks super
fresh it's got really nice orange too
and look at that the outside of the
rooms there orange too but to be honest
you guys know where I'm heading right
now Bam Bam this car is such a beast
damn you know what guys
when I do get a GTR I think I might get
a great one cuz
that looks epic do you think I know I
think could match the Mustang like a
Gris GTR and agree Mustang okay you know
what because I do not want to sit in
this parking lot forever I'm gonna go
just find where my mom said it's locked
a car huh Wow as I say that she's right
there boys I can't look at this look at
that yo what's up mommy you bought some
stuff nice as always everybody able to
wrap up today's look here by wrapping up
somewhere different upstairs in my room
and we're wrapping you up at my favorite
desk ever like this corner means so much
to me you guys probably know why I like
all of my favorite things are here you
got my favorite book by His Highness
you've got my 100k YouTube plaque which
I still don't even know how it became
true but it's just amazing it's so much
motivation this thing got my gold coin
one if you guys gave me this awesome
awesome flask but besides from all of
that cool stuff tomorrow you got
something huge planned out huge as
Donald Trump says but yet trust me it's
gonna be awesome so I'll see you guys
then don't forget to tune in if you like
some awesome car content yeah I know you
guys I know you guys love that type of
stuff so yeah see you then stay also
everybody love you all y'all Yolo
good bye
