yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
I'm actually just excited starting off
today's long because first time seeing
the Lambo like this in daytime at our
house I can't lie it looks so much
better in the day just just take a good
look at anyways right now I'm actually
heading over to Comic Con this is the
first comic-con I'm ever going to have
never been before so should be good fun
let's see what it's all about and yeah
I'll catch you on the other side let's
go whoo okay I just completely lied
about catching you on the other side I
meant on the side of the Lambo oh my god
I'm actually still so excited about this
okay I promise now we're gonna go to the
event
I swear guys it's a fresh car I have to
be this excited it just looks so cool
okay sorry sorry let's go let's go come
on guys let's go comic-con whoa whoa
okay I made it over to where the
destination is so I partner like the
fifth level because it was like fully
packed out that's gonna see what Comic
Con is all about light I see people
dressed up right now so I'm assuming
that's where they're going so it should
be good fun I just made it inside
comic-con and there's a lot of light
activities going on this one's actually
pretty cool
they give the kids guns and they have to
shoot everybody standing here which is a
pretty fun activity to be honest so it's
extremely busy with so many like things
going on guys look at some of the comic
on me
like ever
Oh guys Emmett
okay so over here we have my best friend
like Darth Vader but it was the
supervisor I don't even know
kind of rent there you go awesome stuff
man thank you so much patient doc made
armor Zeca guys I should be embarrassed
yo yo squad brother after today I just
better over here we're just hope
admiring this gorilla in front of us
that looks so realistic hey what's up
I'm scared of him get him ahhh peace I
come in peace
I meant for you guys are in your shots
my boy element what is yours guard and
shadows cousin watch it watch my vlog
this is actually the first time I've
seen a Tron bike in real life these
things actually look really awesome but
look at all the wheel is based by the
way look at this lover guy now what's up
why they look so bad bro okay so there's
a bunch of games that are going home but
something I found over here and like No
oranges for light ringing lieutenant
what is that by the way I'm doing mine
oh okay so it's like a custom pod you
made yourself that is also the Coolidge
costumes I've seen today so far are
these guys yeah that is the most awesome
thing I've seen that is epic thank you
guys so much that is awesome
okay I'm about to play disgorging they
have over here to win surprises Oh
laughter dudes in the bullseye game Oh
right oh that's close
Oh
thank you look at this guys look how
close I was like literally one away
anyways thank you so much maybe next
time this is still going on over here
by the way guys look out with today yo
yeah I'm surrounded me
yeah basically being happy to write the
last James event how he found today a
Jen and yeah let me know if you guys
actually remember that blog feels like
how many months ago is that I think four
months four months ago yeah but come to
here every day and see you guys good boy
he's actually got like a whole stand
over here it's a legal legend Stan if
you guys don't know that's like
literally the only game I play and he's
actually sound like a whole stand for
that what I came to say so check him out
come say hi tell him that you watch him
on the blogs mention move looks you get
30% discount there you go guys
mention whoa blows you get the cherries
bro thank you so much yeah
thank you look at that y'all there's
so here I'm not game outside I'm like
Ana bhangra Rosa they gave me this
squishy sumo this is pretty stressed by
the way and you just squeeze this day
night it's a stress relief there's so
many people your life don't embarrass
the plug let's go back let's go back
there's like a whole crowd or that look
at that and I'm just like standing over
here buggin
I got here and you're sticking
thank you Scott goes out here can Scott
thank you so much
they had an awesome voice over there
what is the character his facebook super
food bodega
by the way I've met so many of you today
post-event this guy
Oh
last thing before I leave over here I'm
not a huge Star Wars fan but they were
like the whole stormtroopers over here
so check that out
not bad they've even got a mini baby
stormtroopers anyways as you can see I'm
heading out this place that was kamek on
day one hope you saw a lot there was
actually a lot of cool like you know
costly things so if you're sawn into
that stuff I hope you enjoyed today's
video but not even going to joke with
you guys i legit did like a me angry in
there I'm at least like 100 of you know
I'm not even exaggerating one bit like
there's a point where I was standing and
taking photos for about ten minutes
straight not even kidding so if you're
saying that oh I expect you to put it on
Instagram and tag me cuz I think I'm
gonna have like a whole timeline of
comecon photos there but yeah awesome
stuff over here as I said I don't think
I can come for the other two days so
today was like that only I could come
but yeah it was pretty cool we saw a lot
of like people dressed up there's one
guy touched my ear man what that was so
creepy but now is awesome man they have
some cool costumes anyways let's go home
this hallway is like extremely empty I
feel like I'm down the wrong place okay
let's go so I just go home and look
what's on the door as soon as I got here
it says I can't I'm not sure if you guys
can see it but it says we think we found
grumpy in the area next to you at the
football field hope you find him so
that's really cool at least I know
grumpy might be around Wow thank you
guys I'm just gonna take the note off my
door I got it
thank you guys look who's become an
absolute fitness head literally just go
home it's like eight o'clock and Lana's
going for a run a she's got her
expensive running headphones when she
bought the other day and you know she
stole my walkman remember when I got a
gift this Walkman thing she just stole
it off me now and she's used it for
herself so sorry so Annie she took my
stuff next time I think you have to hook
both
yeah give her a pink one so anyway what
what's up with the stitching is man
yeah loudly actually awesome by the way
like literally a hundred years but ask
me about you they're like what's not
where's that is that next year cuz you
ain't making it for any of the other
days
by the way that I got this as a gift
John it it's good a sumo squishy thing
it's for stress so much this Zoomer
brother it's not sushi it's a sumo okay
you got the sporting goods on sporting
shoes ready - right guys let's go let's
go mommy we might run right this is
fitness Academy with the mall vlogs and
run arose stretch your legs touch your
toes and let's go it actually hurts so
bad
I hate running so I'm not even gonna run
you guys wonder why where I got my genes
from look I got it from this lazy person
my love hey exercise we have an antelope
running in the grass very rare species
the ostrich go keep going man okay we
have the ostrich continuing running all
jokes aside me and my mom ain't that
lazy for running we just have to quickly
go get some groceries let's go team
mommy more whoa that dinner dad that
dinner so I could you want to mention
one thing guys time literally flies so
quickly as of now that you're watching
this video there's only two more days to
purchase this t-shirt Wow
I want to say thank you to everybody who
supported till now and got their self
one please when you get it start posting
on Instagram and I'll start reposting
the really cool pose you know take some
coupons this year around and about and
y'all start doing my shout-out to my
Instagram for people that take nice
shots wearing t-shirt but it's been mad
like two weeks went so quick I'm having
too much fun of this swegway like I told
you once in a while these things are so
fun like I feel like a roller skating
with no effort yeah
yeah what's up first so Linden just came
by as you can see guys and it's his
first time seeing the new Lambo it's a
well it's not new Lambo but you know it
looks way way different oh wow you can
see in this lighting really good how'd
you like it Linden
hey gobsmacked basically guys that means
good for you
wider Linden one out of ten ten we're
gonna go inside and play some FIFA or
something
can you play fifa Linden I get stressed
what are you good eye or like media I'm
good at it well it's not losing I get
stressed I care Leslie it's a challenge
he doesn't like knitting guys like who
is this guy I don't recognize anymore
okay so we said scratch it to FIFA
instead we're gonna go out and you want
to Linden's friends and over there
I probably catch you guys once we get
back it's it's your time and we're gonna
have some amazing the rockin team the
same - yeah you actually love me like I
love it I don't like it I love it lots
of it the struggles of vlogging guys we
already get there - yeah
the vlogging strugglers anyways we just
finished up at the tea place my sister
actually came to pick me up Linda came
out to see the car in action hey looks
like cool outside right oh my god there
is why is the whip it's crazy
and I know so cool in person catch you
soon ha ha good seeing you man
stay God I need to open the mercy this
is Peter from Slovakia sent me some
postcards and secondly he gave me some
antique notes which are in this plastic
bag so thank you so much Peter
this is actually what look at this guy's
I think we just drink we should put this
on the Lambo like I know it might be
illegal but they'll be a pretty cool
place audience then use that for by the
way this is actually my first Atari No
thank you so much it is what is it cool
though it's good wait so Saudi riyal
Atari oh they're both real and then we
have Indian rupee oh this is my first 50
rupees by the way I've never had this
note so thank you so much let's get on
to the lost two mega packages this this
is like a tour guide here which one do
you want to join with that first or this
one first which which one which one this
could determine everything right now
here goes nothing everybody here knows
nothing okay wait what should you know I
mean on the second
okay this is what it is guys it's like
this material wrap thing if you moments
late spider evacuating this room we're
gonna go do this outside let's go my
sister doesn't trust the box when you
evacuate the mail time outside you know
serious stuff is going on okay here's
our here's our opening tool bro you're
really ridiculous right now you're
walking away from this about five to ten
minutes later guys
it was just a little present inside
there and it was like overly packed open
up see what it is guys you give us a
heart attack guys look we this stuff
will freak us out if you send in a bag
so it's just gonna take us like ten
minutes to open it
we're like we're like this you guys were
like okay okay
Oh open it open it this is that okay
you know you don't like it bro even me
now at one point I was like yo what is
in this bag open it quick
what is that are you serious no yo they
said my sister like a huge nail care
what is that all jewelry that's all
jewellery no wear it so huge shout out
to vikram for sending all of these
awesome things violently because it look
ya'll guessing this is Prahlada but
y'all I wouldn't mind sliding out of
this this actually looks really cool on
me I know this is probably for you but
the only thing I list I'm swaggin right
now that thing is so awesome wow this is
gorgeous there is such a huge necklace
this one I talk most awesome nail things
ever Oh red package what is that oh it's
like a lucky charm type thing right wow
that is really cool
two guys I wouldn't mind wearing that I
want that now it's for you
why would you stole my keys this morning
mama that's mine and her like it's got
like the diamond chain on it and this is
actually just there's no way you're
getting this back your boy got a 1 rupee
and a 5 rupees there you go you know we
got them diamond chains on I should
really like this I don't know why I'm
gonna take that back from him okay
let's plan it over guys I would actually
wear this outside the red and black
scarf is yours fine yes you know like
them gangster type stuff and
multicolored one scarf is from mummy mo
yes it does Hey and then this is for
mommy mo so we'll definitely hear that
do you guys want to see Lana with that
jewelry that the guy sent in there you
go
that is Lana I think wait is this Indian
jewelry or that looks so cool let me see
let me see give me some good shot stop
making yourself Wow yeah I'll show you
yourself flip the screen you see that
Wow
are you your earrings you can't even see
them so that is how long I'd look with
like Indian wedding jewelry I think it's
like wedding jewelry right because it's
so like nice it's beautiful oh my god
Wow so there you go guys that is Lana's
new jewelry that is how you're gonna
look on your wedding day that's actually
pretty cool not even gonna lie thank you
so I'm actually gonna wrap up today's
lucky and you're probably ready wait
what mo we don't even see what's in the
big packet I'm not gonna open it today
you know what the honest truth is I'm
actually so so tired so we'll keep that
a secret for another day who knows
what's in there gets down below in the
comment section and if you're close to
right how about this I'll give away one
shirt to the first person that's right
by the way I think I'm gonna announce
the five winners of the shirts on my
snapchat so follow me there don't worry
you don't have to
because if you win I'm already gonna DM
you on Instagram but just in case you
want to keep like an early update no
we're not going to open it because we
have so much vlog which day and it's
like 2 a.m. in the morning right now so
we'll see you guys some more that is
Lanna the indian queen or is it Indian
I'm pretty sure it's Indian we'll see
you guys some more for another vlog
hopefully you have enjoyed today's vlog
I went to comic-con maybe like that or
maybe you like my sister's new jewelry
anyway see you guys tomorrow stay
awesome and yeah Yolo Yolo boy
