that sounds nice that sounds nice come
back to another video how is everybody
doing so today is actually a very very
sad day guys basically I actually need
to go and get rid of all of this money
so yeah thank you so basically today we
are actually going to go and deposit all
of this money into my bank account I'm
super sad just because I really like
cash anyways besides her world the money
today is actually a very exciting day
because that was such an unnecessary
zoom
what was that zoom guys I've got the
worst camera person ever today
Lamborghini has launched their new
four-wheel-drive Lamborghini in Dubai
Yeah right let's do for some point
that's all quiet we're actually gonna go
see if we can check out the car
hopefully it's in the showroom and yeah
let's just go see what's up hey yo
alright guys so right now as you can see
behind me we just made it over to the
Lamborghini showroom and it is time to
go and check out the brand new for Drive
Lambo so it's called the Auris the yours
I'm not exactly sure how you pronounce
it but let's go check it out and let's
see what this bad boys made us
hi boys so here it is this is the
Lamborghini yours that I'm talking about
listen if I'm pronouncing it wrong I'm
really really sorry but check it out
this is the new 4x4 Lamborghini which
just came out so right now I want to
quickly take you guys on a little tour
so let's go check out this bad boy so
first things first this is what it looks
like as you can see it's a very
Lamborghini ish design for a 4x4 car
light you can actually tell it's like a
sport car if you know what I'm trying to
say guys so the car actually has four
exhausts on the back two on either side
and it does look really really cool I
can't lie it looks really really dope
guys now here's the thing a couple of
facts about this car
it is a v8 twin turbo 650 horsepower car
so right now they're actually going to
turn on this bad boy guys so listen up
guys so there you go that is the
Lamborghini errs start up this car
sounds nice
that sounds nice that sounds nice okay
you know what I think I've actually made
up my decision I like the car I like the
car just based on the revenue so we're
gonna quickly open up the bonnet just to
show you the engine guys so check this
out oh okay so as you can see that is
the engine under the beast guys v8 turbo
compressor so now that you've seen how
the car looks like it sounds like I
think it's time to take you inside
because that is where the real magic
happens guys
oh my god oh okay so right now we are
inside the Lamborghini earth I've got my
friend over here who's gonna come and
show us everything so come up it's a bit
about the car yeah this is a nice car it
is this amazing car lots of Technology
yeah you know all they think about the
engine about the power about everything
on the car let me show you like one
thing which I like a lot has like a 3d
camera so we'll have like a drone on top
of the car so I will have it on good
quality what is everything guys check
that out it literally has the coolest
camera I've ever seen so this is live
right now there's people here what this
but is not showing because the door is
open okay yeah I should probably close
the door so you can see how it's not
difficult for anyone I feel like we're
in like a 3d game right now this is
insane guys this is live like everybody
you see moving is right next to us like
this is in real life that is the whole
my favorite thing about this car is
actually the interior I absolutely love
it I mean I've never seen a camera like
that yeah
this is amazing one more thing I'm gonna
show you okay I like it a lot there's
more yeah there's more let's say that
Dubai so you just type it here no way be
by what so basically instead of typing
stuff you can actually write it with
your hand over here so I'm gonna try and
write hello okay h-e-l-l-o okay what is
anything else there's so many things
coming soon good thing on the hearing
day in the place over there but someone
else wanna go roofers you just put this
this okay so right now we're gonna
reverse boom yeah and you can see the
camera turns back on thank you God that
is absolutely insane guys this car has
so many features I didn't even know
about them anyways that is the
Lamborghini earth sky thanks again
appreciate it yeah thank eyes this is
insane thank you for being you look I
love this car so much the system on this
car is like on another level I honestly
I don't know what to say it looks
absolutely beautiful like the guys if
you just look at the seats and the
quality of the leather on this bad boy
it is ridiculous anyways that is
allowing any doors let me know your
thoughts about the car I think it's
super dope I mean just the extra
features like this where you can write
stuff on the screen ah what do you say
guys that is the brand new lamb
let me know your opinions in the
compensation so the car is approximately
250,000 dollars so it is in the range
like sports car so yeah let me know do
you guys like the cards you know what is
your favorite thing about it honestly
the camera and that writing thing are
just insane I feel like you know you
need new things in cars to get you
excited again we have for now let's go
and let's exchange the money because we
still have it with us oh my god
so right now you quickly just made it
over to the mall literally all of the
money is in my bag right now so we're
creating to go exchange it into Durham's
which is the local currency and yeah
that's about it guys
there it goes there goes my dollars no
oh there go two dollars rest in peace
rest in peace no okay guys so right now
we literally need to wait for them to
count out all the money one by one so
it's probably gonna take quite a long
time because it's a lot of notes anyways
basically they're gonna quickly count
out all of the ten dollar notes and once
it's done that we're gonna get the money
in Durham's I listen it's not a very
smart idea to get that many ten dollars
but it was worth it for the block guys
mommy mo mommy mommy
you guys so far so good
so few moments later and the dollars are
all officially gone
yo we were in there for like 20 minutes
anyways now that were in the parking
what the hell was that for now that
we're in The Barking there's two white
Rolls Royces next to each other I'm sure
they're friends okay that that's isn't
really cool okay so I feel like it's
actually been a really really long time
since I've come to the grocery store
myself right now we've come to do some
grocery shopping
oh okay so guys when's the last time you
bought watermelons I don't know why I'm
so excited guys but you know how much I
love my watermelons so we're gonna get
some watermelons yo by the way in the
comment section let me know what is the
difference between these watermelons and
these what is it I don't know so now
that we're grocery shopping I actually
wanna tell you guys something that might
freak you out about me okay and I'm
completely being honest with you guys I
have never tried noodles in my life yeah
I'm not even making this up guys like
you know these pot noodles that
everybody has I'm just I realized that
I've actually never tried it in my life
I've had normal spaghetti before and
stuff like that it kind of looks like
noodles if you know what I mean but I've
never actually tried noodles like pot
noodles you guys how do you pick seafood
flavor you eat seafood dude what is it
Tom Yum what is Tom me spicy stir-fried
oh oh my god
bro-bro that's boiling water you can't
like lashes new face alright here we go
it's time for some noodles guys Oh
oh my god so right now me and my sister
are about to try the noodles I made it
they're super spicy super spicy bro bro
you can't be a girl about you do this
take your fork you spin it around and
then BAM no way you just want me come
and try the noodles in time to finish
this that has been my first time trying
dude with honesty I think I did a pretty
good job all right good very nice good
chef guys believe it or not oh we just
added water there wasn't much you guys
know but it was good oh boy so here is
the thing as you guys saw today we went
and checked out the brand new four-wheel
drive Lamborghini now the thing is a
couple of days ago in the post
Lamborghini actually sent us the booklet
for the car so yeah I just want to show
you it because you can kind of see the
car a little bit better in the book guy
so BAM oh yeah guys look how nice the
yellow one looks okay honestly the blue
one in the showroom I feel like it's
it's not a crazy enough color to show
all like the angles off the car you know
what I mean anyways as I said guys I
think it's a super cool idea like if you
guys can see they have like the drawings
of the car and how they made it
hopefully you see other companies doing
this like could you guys imagine Ferrari
bring our four-wheel drive car or like
Bugatti like that would be insane so I
hope other car people also start doing
the same thing but let me
know your opinions in the conversation
do you would you guys spent two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars on a
four-wheel-drive Lamborghini or would
you just rather buy a normal Amburgey
hmm
