Oh
you know everyone welcome to another
vlog today's vlog is just gonna be crazy
it's gonna be super super crazy this is
all the mail we have to open from you
guys and it is definitely a lot it's as
tall as my sister plus we've got all of
this to go through it actually is oh my
god so without further ado we're gonna
start today's vlog by going through some
of these packages because I'm hoping we
can at least open more than half more
than that let's say 75% of things and
here is let's get into this see what's
up I'm super excited man I'm super
excited you know I there could be
anything in these boxes for all I know
there could be 40 kilograms of gold in
there that could be they can be anything
there could be like some Gustaf's of a
dangerous stuff I'm hoping not dangerous
there Udrih literally anything so
alright wow I've never had this much
mail or for these two are the first ones
so going ordered I told you it's 40
kilograms of gold it okay take that
let's go
yo this is this is your local DHL person
or whatever your post office is good you
know my friend guess what Kareem said he
said what is that little one is that
like a fridge or something like why is
it so big here though they sent us
another portable fridges anyways that is
a lot of Mel - open wow wow wow wow
all right let's get straight into this
let's let's take this boys let's go just
made it over to law in this room whoa
boy look at that oh I just about got
your package alright
oh I'm sorry I can't go in peace like I
I just get excited I see here's good
oh yes water pouring in at the door
check let's see that let's see what's up
all right well I literally just went to
open the door guide and I don't nobody
was that they left all right
I couldn't wait to grab a knife guys we
got it charlie
without further ado guys we're gonna go
straight into the letters as always we
are eating your letters but just to keep
mail times a bit sure we're gonna read
them to ourselves to just show you the
things inside them right oh there is a
lot postcard postcard thank you guys so
much ease are both from America the USA
so appreciate that wow what is this
August your first note from trade
October - Eagle that's cool alright so
we just got this note guys on tinder -
the dot tobacco and this thing is like
you see there you see the burnt you guys
can see my hand going through it that
cool not guys that is very very awesome
thank you to this Patras oliviere thing
another love there another love letter
what's up I swear guys I don't know what
type of Voodoo is going on but like five
of these not lately
Oh fine you can have it I don't care
what is this what is that
I won't you sent me some Bitcoin money
do you know what that is like hey you've
got to know this okay I'm - I do what
this is but my brother got something
called Bitcoin apparently somebody gave
me free money online so there's like a
thank you I'm not sure I can show them
we can do a thank you for the video
like $10 I think and you thank you to
Gustavo
alright appreciate it I'm not sure but
I've received another similar to this
one before
guys this is like the fourth love letter
I think I swear I keep on game like it
what's this guys I'm not going to read
the matter but I don't know what it is I
keep getting like these
wait what's up oh whoa to use damn son
yes oh my god she got like a necklace
which is like a ruby or something that
is pretty cool alright so I saw goodness
I'm right here thank you so much it's
such a beautiful necklace
I took you love it you know shout out to
my boy Prince for that necklace
appreciate it man no Emily what is that
I just let me yeah okay guys look what I
got in here I got a phone case lighter
the hell is that which is pretty cool no
sharp it's safe though I'm scared my
phone imagine I might if you're holding
your phone case you slide that part down
and your finger goes in then oh I got a
lighter phone case there thank you - oh
boy - mom yep you pronounced that
amazing I hope that's your name because
my sister pronounced that okay so I
thought since we did get this cool
little case that apparently is a lighter
I should put it to the test and this
thing has a charger what the hell right
grab that for a second okay okay let's
tries out with the yo-yo okay
yo okay guys look at look at this wait
wait you pull it down it starts heating
up to the point where it goes red can I
see whoa okay the hell this is some
safety hazard
that is awesome but married in different
ways working yeah I put it down it turns
red they just saw it oh all right wait
one safe
okay guys I'm gonna test this thing out
create this little piece of paper let's
see if actually does go on fire or
whatever it's supposed to do oh oh my
god it's murder yeah that is epic
thank you so so much for that loss
smoking picking up with that big and Wow
imagine DUI on a coon and you just oh ah
be cool what yo stop throwing spice I'm
sorry guys that that part just hit my
finger and it completely burnt me as I
was saying not safe for all you guys
just saw that oh the backside goes home
okay oh I appreciate that I'm gonna use
it but not my phone I'm just gonna have
it on the side that is really use it
once nobody get repeating it now my
fingers apart but this is from Peter
there you go that's cool oh my god is
that oh my god here comes the money
money talks damn Daniel back at it again
with the Yolo Yolo Bob my boy Russia's
Rahil International with everything
every country's guys got it too my boy
Raschid right he'll appreciate it Kenya
you've got it was like here's something
you can add to the money collection guys
the same guy that said all this money he
was like I saw you in the mall I was too
shy to come up and say hi but I think
your mom waved at me love you always
does it let you see somebody but thank
you so so much I appreciate it man thank
you that is really cool and like why
it's it's a it's a time it's a ton of
money there aren't even counted oh wow
that is like a lot of countries there
you've covered for me so I appreciate it
so much thank you
this packet seems heavy right here y'all
I'm gonna check this on the power let's
do this is actually very heavy is
something in here yeah BAM oh it's just
different
Phillipa doors at Philippe's yes what
I've actually never had a Philippines no
I just realized nice we've never heard
that is so cool appreciate so much what
is this from let's see thank you to run
up R and L for the Filipino notes
appreciate it so so much for that I'm a
fish thank you buddy
I got let's say I'm a fish oh my god oh
my god wait what is that thing at the
bottom that is is that like an eagle
thank you I'm looking for this coin
collection as well as a cool little
eagle would attach to it appreciate it I
should really like to it's all stuck
here it's so much easier for me so this
is a 100 s kudos from Mozambique I'm
smelling it to see what is and their
scent as a picture of a Lamborghini cool
peep I've never seen this before I think
by the end of the year when I have won
the biggest money collections in history
am I gonna be good yo yo squad money
connection fandom that's what it's gonna
be
thank you so much char's my boy Bastian
you know start with four currencies over
there why we have just finished up with
the letters boy song we just got started
over there and now it is finally time to
get to the packages okay whoa this is
redline one of the biggest no times ever
I mean ever so let's get straight into
this okay all right babe BAM
whoo in the box was this thing all right
I bought your guesses right now
all right it's books it is books damn
Daniel back at it again with the whoops
this is a writer they send us their book
thank oh shut up to the writer with your
books you've signed it as well oh we got
signed copy damn Daniel thank you
to finish off today's mega mega Mel time
boom boom ready to open this packet now
before we do guys let me say whoever
sent this thank you so much they spent
$100 just to ship this I have no idea
what's in there but that is a lot of
money just for shipping so appreciate it
so so much let's get straight into the
show careful with that knife
no know what that hammer you didn't get
my knife Becky what was that I just
start here so Donna I was gonna say who
gives a girl a knife now I just sort of
do that like what's that
bori bori there's a lot of new thing
okay please don't tell me this box is
just full of newspaper no no I think
it's a perfect this too mom Oh what is
this yo is this jewelry ah I swear
that's that thing that DJ can it has on
his neck took it out of the box dad
that's a nice piece of truth
this this is dope you know what you're
gonna know straightaway so bad take it
oh she caught a Michael course handbag
Wow I could not believe you said I just
don't know how it looks like so like not
money mom I hope it's not me more
I hope it's funny oh sorry no let me try
and see this great useful I think it
might be in here this is a hem close-up
that you might like it it's in the bag
this bag is too heavy to treat all right
I'm sure just open it I'm moment of
truth guys let's see how this bag looks
like okay whoa damn this is heavy for a
bag by the way like a woman Wow Oh
Maddie right she's such an elegant bag
oh nice oh this bag is so beautiful oh
my god
thank you so much this is like the most
like okay right now this is so much
nicer than what I've got whoa
yeah I might be my changer so much and
there's clothes in here oh are you
serious oh look how pretty this is more
it look at this yo if you're right this
is gold this is legit gold like look
James I dabble dabble damn boy damn
is legit go oh my goodness
yo this is heavy this is 18 karat pure
nice so cool guys let's go
this is solid God not gold like covered
or whatever this is 18 carat solid gold
yo shout out to my boy appreciate it
y'all look look at my Thank You she's
been waiting for a mini purse ha her
life you see oh my god thank you so much
this is too much I cannot believe it
you know I was so sad the other day I
didn't go shopping for a long time and
you kind of you made my day you went
shopping for you're on your be said like
it's like shopping for me thank you
Lana's presents nothing yeah there's so
much in here like my gosh this is
gorgeous
I'm gonna use this bag right now while
we're going out because I don't like my
on the Reg anymore oh I don't like my
other bag she just chucked the hook back
into the side I know this is my new bag
it is so classy honestly like I like the
material how's that sort of like the
Birkin what's this material called I
just feel so very nice amazing the color
just revved outside anyways guys who
shoots thank you to every single one of
you who sent in stuff for way to end
today's no time thank you to my boy
Jonathan like this guy literally went
aboard the whole board for us like I
don't need to go shopping anyway that's
like a year of clothes for Lana and you
me up with a gold chain which is just
epic and I feel like a rapper right now
but yeah amazing amazing stuff you
cannot believe how happy we are right
now and yeah let's continue the rest of
the day you good those you good uh he
seems very happy you also gave him like
a little bed for now alright catch you
guys the rest of the vlog let's go
alright I know there's been a little bit
of a cut in the blog guys where we
quickly got ready we're heading out to
this formal of that
now I don't know much more but I have to
show you because all of us just got
ready we're all swaggy a look at your
boy his formal clothes and yeah we're
gonna head out now and I'll see you guys
when I can see you let's go alright
by the way kitty is like completely dead
asleep look at her lazy bird tickle the
belly honey wait let's leave her to
sleep while we're gone alright let's go
Wow things got real real quick so we
just made it over to our destination
guys right yet the millionaire's mansion
it's an amazing amazing place that's
really cool with the family as you can
see but also awesome stuff over here the
chef actually knows about my youtube
channel he's gonna make a lotta a
special sushi so that should be awesome
I wish I liked sushi because I feel bad
for not trying it but we're just about
to have dinner over here and yeah I'll
catch you guys on the food yet
be anyways Lana's just about to order
her food
thank you so much by the way LAN is
having her sushi
very very elegant way
this is what you call a professional
sushi our guys amazing how's it this is
how you know this place is extremely
fancy guys just look at the bar okay
look at the way they deck board this it
looks like flowers oh my god I feel like
this is gonna become a food blog guys so
round one is finished round Julie happen
Pete saw whoo look Allah oh boy this is
a margherita pizza
Lana snapchatting little school
you
okay so here your boys some more sushi
all of this is for Lana specially made
when his famous youtuber yeah there you
go
so he just finished all of our guys and
we ordered ourselves some dessert
chocolate or not cake look at this
Wow I think this is chocolate if I'm not
mistaken it's sugar Wow is sticky and it
is really can dig into that by the way
that's where they mingle the sushi over
there
but this game looks absolutely delicious
wow that looks so cool
Oh Jake was so nice I guess second one
guys look at this I just love it so much
under their lives and one of the best
looks so creepy up there anyway I'm
gonna have my cake right now
come on up and see
kalana
let's go see a doctor
tonight
leave it on a book you shabba we're
heading out right now let's go guys we
finished at the party is the house a
great party wasn't it did you guys enjoy
yourself
I brought item songs are things like see
yeah that was the Millionaire's Club
face on me today guys you have the basic
business I should really cool
all right we just go boys
mummy close the door first up on ballast
I need to get out first burr I got
locked inside oh yeah dead dead guys the
music was so loud like you know your
heart vibrates like girl no it's Carly
- a.m. guys and everybody and every
animal in this house is tired like look
at ki she seems like she's gonna die
that's how tired cheese guys look at
that look at that then we have bubbles
over here just licking his butt which is
weird but yeah her pillow is this little
charger thing we have over here
meanwhile guys we have mummy mo on her
emails
we've got me on YouTube and Lana who's
drinking tea at 2:00 a.m. in the morning
good job buddy good job
they also already I love you all see two
more yellow yellow goodbye
