this morning
extremely extremely fun
yoyoyo good morning everyone and welcome
to another vlog so today I have
something special planned out and it's
kind of a last-minute thing I'm not even
sure if I'll make it over there
basically they're gonna be racing some
really cool sports car which I have no
idea what it's even good to be on it
back really game got the cats on food
I'm gonna head off home now and leave
over to the destination apparently we're
going to be doing in like the desert on
an empty road which should be really
cool so let's head over home and yes see
what's up
okay so remember just gonna make our way
over now to the destination ice red this
is such a last-minute thing guys like I
just found out about it today like right
two three hours ago so I clearly added
to my video together and we're gonna go
somewhere in the desert to experience a
super fast car so it should be fun the
thing is you're gonna see the car once
we get there and I have no idea what it
is it's not a Lambo or a Ferrari or
anything it's like a really unique I'm
guessing custom-built car you see
anyways let's go okay so I just got to
the location I was sent I think it's
somewhere around here
it fits the location that they told me
somewhere in the desert
I'm just waiting until they get to me
and pick me up so you can go to the
location with the awesome car the
weather even though it's sunny over here
it's really cool because there's a lot
of wind like just a fresh breeze I'm
actually kind of nervous because I
haven't seen this car and I'm going for
a ride in I think so should be fun y'all
look at the destination everybody I've
actually never seen anywhere like this
sand on the road trees yeah this is
gonna be exciting stuff I can just smell
it
I smell it guys I smell it oh my god I'm
actually getting nervous right now I
have no idea where we're going guys I'm
just following the car in front of me
right now so I just made it over to here
guys and are you ready to see the
courage I told you I didn't know it
today so the name of the car is called
radical and this is what it is this is a
proper racing car if you can see that
this thing just looks absolutely crazy
carbon-fiber on the sides the wings go
up just look at this car like when I
told you I didn't know the name I think
you guys can't blame me now that you see
it cuz this just looks absolutely
ridiculous you're gonna be getting it
drive apparently this is like a Formula
One car like on turns it goes so fast
cuz the downforce it has look at the
interior proper racecar
whoa and that is the road so you've got
a bit to work with today
ah this just looks so mean so so mean
this is one hell of a car okay I'm not
sure if you guys can actually hear me
but I took the helmet from the racer
himself just to put on it this thing is
some pretty serious stuff it's like a
two-piece helmet but yeah
this goes around the person's neck and
then they wear the helmet which is some
pretty serious stuff over here my mom
was like you know you're gonna go for a
ride and you need your own helmet what I
don't think I'm getting a helmet so you
know I'm putting my life on the line
okay guys I don't think we're gonna go
that quick okay there's no need for
Homer but my mom was just getting
unnecessarily worried look at her
looking at that thing now basically
what's happened right now we right she's
gonna go for a small ride but they left
the keys inside and the car is locked or
it's waiting five minutes for the keys
to come so we can have our small little
ride I just bought a really cool feature
now because you can't see behind
yourself in the middle do you see that
guys that is a camera for your rear
mirror so yeah pretty awesome stuff over
here not bad at all
by the way you might be wondering like
water using this more that's actually
being used to record like an
advertisement they were like proper
cameras and stuff over here look at this
you know you're from the camera
equipment everything going on there like
proper shooting a high-end advertisement
shop since we are waiting for the keys
of the guard to get here because we look
for the first pair in the car I thought
it'd be a good idea to explore since we
are in so let's go up this little June
over here let's tilts on the other side
because it looks like there's a little
track for Garcia you see that like some
road stuff going oh is extremely sandy
right now yo yo yo yo this is not the
best idea
whoo this is what you call a desert
right here you guys miles and miles down
there we have the cars are slipping but
yeah it's extremely windy I'm sure you
guys can tell from the audio okay maybe
we have been better if I record like
this all my eyes this how you can tell
it to with the eyes you see that the San
Shi chile de supplies outlet looking I
was wrong good idea that sweat it to my
face do that look at that whoa that
looks crazy my mom wants to take a photo
of me right did you catch mommy what are
you doing okay here guys this what you
call sliding your phone down the desert
that the backup keys of the car just
arrived mommy took her phone how is it
we were just doing like a mini photo
shoots for ourselves ah here behind the
scenes guys take one let's go yes
perfection
I think the cars getting switched on
right now not too short
there we go
God here it is guys back from its little
warm-up session that is what you call
the star listen to this guys
ok it's my turn for a quick ride in this
car so let's bump it door is open
da just jump in there you come with your
legs on the seat and then you slide in
ok legs on the seat that I slide bother
you guys this is Kathleen he's actually
a professional race driver in itself so
scharton all right let's go more legs on
the seat stand up and then slide in
proper racecar type stuff going on right
now let's do this
do you manage your under test driver all
right
I trust you central said I class him
every time I race oh okay that sounds
good it could be my car in one piece of
life law wins you'll see a lot of
vibration on the bodywork and bits and
pieces going on okay it's all down a lot
of it's still in development so it's
still you are they are like the toilet
in progress helmet yeah I'm fine I think
life I'm you find that other bucket go
alright joy okay alright I'm good
is it very fast it's quite fast okay if
you've been in fast cars before all
right let's do this guy's
I'm so scared right either
be extremely fun
Oh
I was insane absolutely insane and you
said it's much faster and attractive
Zhou like much boy can attract the
downforce on the truck alright thank you
so much for that ride I appreciate it
glad you enjoyed it
so that was really cool yeah first time
like an actual race car
yeah the best way to describe this is
it's a racing car which is road-legal
there you go guys everything going on in
the Middle East Sea Point revolution yes
thank you so much screaming that was
good
and I took it while I think I took it
well very well okay so we'll make you
scream Cup hi we're sure that sounds
good I think I was more shocked than
anything else it's worse yeah oh yeah it
definitely works are definitely raishin
and it's good stuff over here thank you
guys so much your life
I am definitely alone by the way guys
huge thank you to load me and ADH
Motorsports to bring me down there is
absolutely awesome and I got to
experience a broad legal
racecar the only one in the video is so
good good stuff thank you guys so much I
appreciate it
not even gonna lie guy that ride was
pretty scary because this car breaks
very fast and the drivers know that so
they're like get really going fast or
later to run and then suddenly breaking
and your heart drops but I think they're
going on a spoiler right now as you can
see Wow
and here is everybody I'm the heading of
home right now is awesome filming with
them lot the video should be out like
three weeks times like a proper
advertiser but thank you guys so much
for having me and yeah yeah Loyola
virally thank you bye bye bye bye
I think my car could take this on in a
race on day no no no I see there
whoa
what a day it has been guys absolutely
awesome drive they really let mommy move
have a riding issues like no way my
getting that car sorry for like the
shadow on my face but let me know if you
guys want to see a day with me on the
track with that they said if I want we
can do that guys so yeah anyways off to
home for now this is what you call
relaxed time got my mom's little pink
mug got some snacks that we bought at
the petrol station like this chocolaty
cake it's time to just chill sit down
and read through your comments oh no hi
Oh Josie sighs I'm going to try and
reply to some comments I haven't had
time to I'm really sorry guys but I'll
try my best to do some today okay mommy
don't read the your scotch comments it's
all you guys man guys calm down the
conversation let's try and be nice
I only reply to the positive ones by the
way unless they make me laugh that's
down the other option I think there's
some yo-yo scored outside one two three
and four you can probably tell I changed
into my mold block shirt and we're
actually heading back out now we're
actually quickly go and stop by the peel
box I'm not going to do a family opening
today but I just want to get a couple of
the layers and stuff and just put them
at home because I don't know why I don't
like it when the box is full
I feel like stuff is falling out and
maybe gets lost I know it doesn't get
lost but you know it's just like a
subconscious thing that's in my head so
we're gonna go empty that out and see
what's up there oh so we just made it
over guys and it is so dark in this row
because the light to stop working so
let's quickly go and open it up I think
it is this one by the way all right
let's see is it really full oh okay this
is the thing guys are let me explain to
you why we don't come at night normally
so these these are basically four
packages these slips and when you come
at night the place where you get your
packages is it open like they need to
hand you your packages now there's
nothing else in there look it's
completely empty but yeah that's why we
normally turn the daytime so you can
actually collect our packages but yeah
we got a couple apiece
like a couple letters and stuff like
that I had to give my car in for a wash
right now I even had to give the guy a
bit extra cos look I know this is gonna
take some work that he needs to put in
so you know hopefully once we get back
this car that is completely filthy right
now it looks spotless all right but I
just came into this store and look at
all of the cool things they have my
favorite part was like these little like
number plates they have no mortgage no
boss retired and they are like a bunch
of cool stuff and like collector's items
at my mom's just looking through like
look at these old collectors if sight do
not touch we're going to the pharmacy
because my mom wants to get some
vitamins I swear like
our family has the worst vitamin system
ever like we're always drowsy like I
know I'm like normally energized but I'm
energized like I'm very energetic and
then I'm very drowsy so the parts are
very drowsy I stopped blowing that's it
like I'm just dead somehow my mom's
attention diverted from vitamin tablets
to vitamin cream what their hell mum I
just I thought you wanted to help you
stop like why are you looking at cream
now you know that's how she gets that
pretty young face guys for a young face
or sup I was just kind of bored guys and
I stopped by the Canon store because I
love cameras and stuff like that and
look what we have over here we're
playing around with the Oz market this
is the demo one the real one is over
here if you can see that and we're
connecting it up to the phone to see the
quality and stuff because I was really
interested in these things now basically
guys the way the Osmo works in my hand
right now you have this dual analog
stick if you can see it and when you
turn it the camera turns I look at it
the camera is constantly turning that's
the live feed that we get over there on
the phone I just completely forgot I'd
given my coin for a wash this baby is
looking spotless it's actually really
relaxing just to hang out your window
like I'm not joking I feel so relaxed
right now in the breeze of fresh air
cars passing by me don't worry they're
not close to me and I that's the main
street if you're a wandering light I've
got a good amount of distance to the
main street my officers that they should
come down
oh I see them hey here comes bubbles hey
both of them came downstairs yo kitty
was good I still to this day don't
understand why he sits like this guys
like I don't understand how that is a
comfortable position like she puts our
hands down the steps and her it's such a
odd angle they're gonna tell then just
play around with her till she hates that
but if she finds it comfortable you know
I just I just let her do her thing but I
don't know let me know what if I mom
cooking me what is it for though oh it's
for tomorrow she cooks in advance with
that I thought you'd cook on the day by
the way we still have them if you guys
remember we got these fresh eggs from
our friends farm but yeah we still have
a couple left in the bank look at that
whoa fresh eggs my sister loves them to
bits like she just loves anything fresh
and nature wise my sister just absorbed
that sight yes if Brian today's look I
know I told you I wouldn't open any mail
but my mom accidentally opened this one
there so I thought since it's already
hoping we might as well take a look
what's inside it we get a letter two
more Ilana hey mo these notes off from
my country India of these add them to
your currency collection thank you Ange
well thank you so so much I appreciate
look at that what is that is that Gandhi
actually I'm so uneducated with no
disguise this is actually really really
cool and this I'm not even gonna lie I
have one of these but this note is so
cool I look at like
sighing sighs of the two rufino like
compared to my hand that's a normal note
and the two rupee is so so tiny but
thank you so so much and for the cool
notes I will add them to the collection
okay you know what god yeah I'm sorry
guys let's let's just quickly grab we
got will open off then there's only four
I'm sorry I know I always go back to my
work I can't help Bonnie I can this
one's from Amman Jordan again from
Jordan that is so many postcards look at
that and we have a Jordanian note thank
you for sticking on by the way at least
they came to me because a lot of times
guys coins get lost
so I recommend sticking them on
two-letter thank you so so much for that
I really appreciate it by the way it was
from Victor and he lives in Jordan I
sent you have one jordanian dinar and
three coins
say hi to mummy mo granny blow and the
retarded Katzen alright thank you so so
much I appreciate my man this one's from
the yo-yo squad and does launder your
art is amazing will you marry me I'll
give her that there my man from tulle
all your blocks are the best
I'm from Kuwait alright thank you guys
so so much that wraps up today's vlog
you see it was only a little bit but
yeah shout out to everybody love you all
and stay awesome I'll catch you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo good boy
