for the past fall left the club tipsy
yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
vlog so you can probably tell we're
starting today's vlog next to some sort
of war here I'm basically we're actually
going to be flyboarding today now if you
don't know what that is that is that
really cool sport where you have like
this hoverboard thing that shoots water
and makes you fly in the war I know it's
crazy right so we're gonna go over get
ready now and yes start doing that we're
just signing our waivers to make sure
that if anything happens Lana is
responsible for herself
alright so Mike who is taking us over to
the jet skis and our fly boards by the
way guys he's actually got a drone and
it's going to be trying to take drone
footage got a load of like professional
gear like you know them stabilizers and
stuff so I think over here is where
we're going to get ready
by the way huge shout out to sea rider
bye guys I'll put their link down in the
description you can check them out hey
what's up getting strapped up with my
life vest guys my life vest that's what
what did you trip on the dock this is
not even the hard part this is just
walking right now we are all strapped up
with our safety equipment ready to go
Alana there was a little GoPro CH
doesn't not use that thing
so you go first I'm going first whoa you
know what this looks like you know like
the games or you have these like it's
cool boots and stuff I don't know if you
guys know Ratchet and Clank like where
you have them that's what it looks like
what's gonna happen is you pulling me
out you're gonna be in the front put
yeah call that Superman position do
spitting the water left that under
stomach legs
dextra the war and I'm gonna be doing
that with this I'm gonna be like yes
swimming you guys along basically I'll
give you the power you're directing me I
don't have steering okay it's time for
me to get in these boots guys and I'm
gonna be pulling my sister on the jet
ski so this is gonna be really fun I
never thought willing people with some
jetpack shoes I feel like Superman today
gonna be Superman oh my goodness but no
last once you have the water it looks
more like Iron Man than anything else
I'm getting transformed into a mermaid
oh my god just hold your breath for
about two minutes cuz you go straight to
the bottom
yeah I'm ready
hold your breath jump I'm just joking
you don't sink I'll just take your
brother you don't go to the bottom
Oh
I don't know how long is gonna be like
you're getting so scared Donna you're
gonna jump in there again I came out of
the war it's Lana sir na LAN this is
gonna be hilarious so good but every
give me nutrition come on you can do it
I believe whoa what the hell is that
come on we believe in you remember
swegway you've done this slight wave or
slight wave hope move away from me guys
struggling so much right now but I was
just as bad to be honest you got this
you got this
yes yes you got it
don't even think about it
that was good god no you all right you
know what that was great
oh man oh man oh man not again Lana
called it quits there so that is us done
with fly boarding for now but we're
actually going to go on a two-hour jet
ski tour of Dubai right now so for those
of you who want to see the cool places
that's what we're doing right now after
this flyboarding is extremely fun but
beginning it's really hard to get used
to so yeah that's how it's done I think
I did bed a lot of today where you know
she tried her best that's what counts
look at her she's just carrying us we
said not towards the rocks and she's
going there guys
she can't even listen to us okay one
last one guys over here they said do or
die you have to do it properly this time
come on
whoa oh my god she didn't you just had
to believe in yourself
that's crazy yo
that is amazing
good job good job I can't believe he did
it that is crazy you see guys all she
had to do is believe in herself not bad
that is what you call a rat that's
fantastic
why can't you have done why couldn't you
do that over there I think you because
when you're coming here you started to
get used to it yeah it looks so like now
sit up I'm gonna push it
your nose is leaking anyways guys Elton
is throwing us back to shore that was
amazing thank you man so much the jugs
exhibit lana was i think i think i was
better right no or maybe I just had more
time I honestly I think all you know is
that the end of the last one you had it
you had that javis practice so there you
go practice makes you a mermaid guys
practice anyways if we have any
companies like you know Red Bull monster
and he saw sports guys sponsor my sister
she's got potential
imagine anyways that is a shrapnel is
flyboarding now we're actually gonna go
on a tour to our tour around to buy on
jet skis I've never done that before so
should be really cool my system looks
like they just dip turned water chucked
her out again but thank you yeah she was
but yeah anyways I wish my mom would
have car I've been trying to convince
her so much but she's not coming on this
jet skis co-workers she's gonna get
seasick she said so she's gonna chillax
here have some coffee I will eventually
take her jet skiing guys for now a leave
her here Lana how does that feel by the
way I felt so good when you're just
drowning all that yes yes Georgia yeah I
feel that Bo and his guys drove which
came out so so good by the way guys huge
shots my boy Michael he got all the
drone footage guys so shout-out to him
for all his links are down below check
him out as well
apparently that was the closest drone
footage he's ever got to somebody fly
boardings that's the first-ever drone
footage I've used on my channel by the
way so right now we're gonna go on the
tour are you coming along I'm coming all
right so let's see you soon man thanks
so much appreciate it
all right let's go guys if we're heading
out into the war right now I'm gonna
bring you guys on the journey with my
GoPro so don't worry but I'm gonna say
goodbye to my boys now peace off let's
do this jet ski tour is on its way right
now we're just heading through the
harbor where all the boats are hard
Lana's behind me if you can see that and
yeah it's gonna be really fun like we're
gonna see one of the best sights from
the jet ski which is gonna be really
good as I've never done that before like
I've never been around
or anything like that so yeah let's go
come on gotcha Wow look at that
that is crazy
Wow look at that thing from the outside
guys just the Caddy guys wanted from the
gorge alarm
what
the most beautifully ever seen
all bad life
I was one of the bosses rides I've ever
had
alright guys that was the end of our
two-hour jet ski ride there's Lana
coming up come on you got this
whoo how did that feel
mommy ma how was your sto did you go to
a coffee shop oh you just sat you did
there mom you go back at it again now
that we're finished jet skiing guys I
thought I'd introduce you to mr. Stephen
now you guys might not know but he's a
seven-time standup jet ski champion is
that correct that's correct yes that
means he is like a huge celebrity in the
jet skiing rod so amazing me man
appreciate you having coming but yeah
thank you so much for having us here is
really amazing anyways until next time
guys make sure to check them out see
right divider , leave their link in the
description and yeah we're out please
thank you know as an thank you before I
leave guys I wanted to show you the
drone that we're recording all of the
footage with Michael was flying it
around this is it's the DJ I inspire
right did you do all of that to it like
you punked out that is so cool anyways
this guy was flying around in the air
it's got like a huge suitcase and stuff
but yeah I appreciate it man thanks a
lot for being on today's vlog and yeah
see you soon if you're somebody that's
done long sports activities before you
know how I feel right now I am so tired
I can't even look my car just I don't
know how this works anymore there you go
I'm gonna go inside rest and I'll catch
up with you guys in a couple of hours
right seems fair guys I'm tired I don't
know what made this appropriate timing
but my sister's decided to wash the cars
I think you could do it open up a car
wash and people will come yo look at
this guy's put Warren it for the rims
smoke up when my sister puts Ward you
see that guys whoa it's the heat from
the rims okay because we're so so tired
we've all come downstairs to sleep me my
momma bubbles and look at this guy this
guy's legit just sleeping next to us
like it's nothing
you know it's even worse when I like lie
down next to like for a while he starts
kicking me with his legs like he tells
me to back off like that's this yet did
you see that guy's he moves his legs and
like kicks me in my side to say go away
anyways I'm sleeping my video is
uploading over here if you can see that
like a lot got 12 minutes to go and yeah
that we can continue today adios amigos
hice so I just woke up as you can
probably tell by my face and would it be
honest that sleep gave me zero energy
like not at all okay we're just going
through the blog fridge or a gang with
the drone today guys and please check
this out okay so this is Lana as you can
see and just look at these guys what the
hell is she doing she drops him and then
she Samurai backflips in the hood and
that's not the only for like every par
for today we're just look okay watch
this guys please just look at this she
actually smacked her face here oh my god
hey yo let's go get this beard trimmed
down guys let me know if it makes a
difference off dry get it trimmed down
like look at it now take a good look now
I'm gonna go inside and trim it down by
the way oh I love bikes so much look at
this oh ah sports bikes are always great
you guys know what the deal is guys
about to get my beard game strong right
now
so the scariest part is like you know
when they're doing under here and it
looks like you know like you've got the
blade to your neck but should look good
and yeah
let's see how it turns out hey so there
you go boys
just finish my beard trim my mom likes
it there's one massive problem I have
though basically okay if you look here
guys this section and this section I
have no hair I don't know why it just
has never grown and because of that I
can't have a thin line because there's
no hair where the jawline is and ah
eventually I will get it though by the
moment it just refuses to grow here what
can I do so I just go home and I was
ready to relax and this girl over here
was that I'm bored I want to go out so
where we going I just thought it'd be a
good idea to have like a cup like coffee
or hot chocolate or I should I wanna
have one choke at a Starbucks but I was
going to go up just a bit just pressure
and the thing is she can't take her car
because it's too uncomfortable which
can't find proper parking so now I have
to drive over there by the way take my
fresh trim you got my beard I did it but
I wish I could do a line but over here
the hair doesn't grow anyways let's go
take a look camera and lead them outside
Joey nice first Starbucks no look we
bald it out here man
we bought it with these tissues ready
why she loved and tissues they're so
cool right they actually open up it
looks like you're printing mine right
it's legit so wrong we just arrived at
the walk guys and I swear because the
last week's event I keep on seeing
classic cars everywhere you see that car
another classic car the view is
absolutely amazing here I've never been
to this section of the JB are somebody
playing violin over here the section is
actually pretty cool I've never been
here what are you guys looking at
there's no this is cool Wow
I like all these cakes and stuff oh we
make it back here okay look at this
roast shop apparently these are the
world's longest lasting roses whoa okay
so I think they specialize in like
making sure roses stay alive hashtag
save the roses save the roses entrance
welcome I'm sure we're welcome onboard
why not let go space my sister just
asked about the roses apparently they
lost forever
they cost one thousand dirhams each
which is quite expensive for a rose but
I guess you get a infinitely long Rose
forever
every Sunday thank you yeah maybe I'm
not sure but I was like 1,000 ah it joke
I can't afford it
yeah it doesn't look cool that's the
thing like if you're into that yes it's
just like watches and stuff some people
don't understand spending a lot for it I
really want to get one yeah guess if I
was a billionaire oh I know I just add a
couple of them in my room no joke my
sister made us come all the way to jbr
because she was bored so I expected us
to go sit down at a coffee shop and I
was going to edit a video on my macbook
right but no no no no no she made us
walk around the entire area and said oh
I don't feel like seeing anyway let's go
home what what
that doesn't make sure anyways you know
what that means we go home early I just
stay at home and edit the logic that
just the logic makes no sense
as always guys gonna wrap up today's
Loki I hope you have enjoyed today was
absolutely insane huge thank you to the
guys over there you can check out their
website in my description also guys if
you don't already know why and I'm sorry
for getting repetitive I don't want
anybody to tell me they didn't know
about this shirt basically this is the
official mole blog sure
if you want to purchase it links are in
the description but yeah I don't want
anyone to miss out and then I'll be like
but how I told you for two weeks
straight so yeah if you want to support
me you can check this year out if you
don't that's completely fine see you
guys some more Frey another vlog yellow
yellow stable sorry buddy boy
