so hey guys
yoyoyo everywhere welcome to another
vlog so I didn't start today's vlog at
home for once we're actually somewhere
you guys probably know already at the
post office with my mum she's in the car
right now let's come on mommy
come on let's go let's get the mail
that's the famous Blue Door let's go to
my post office my p.o box since last
time my mummy was not that lucky
not that lucky I'm gonna do it okay
let's see if I'm any luck here it seems
like I have less luck than my mom won
that's it all right
last time I was like fully packed out
this time I got a couple pieces you know
smaller packages are sometimes the ones
that mean more to you know look at that
car guys that looks really awesome and I
had a nice color to it
oh my god guys you are not going to
believe what came in the polls so this
thing came and do you know what this is
I finally have my t-shirt like the one I
designed and everything and I'm going to
open this at home and if I think it's
good that means from today you guys
might be able to purchase the t-shirt so
if there's a link in the description
saying buy my shirt it's actually rule
like okay I'm gonna get home open this
up and try it on and hopefully I'm
crossing my fingers I like it anyways
let's go I am so happy right now Bobby
we did it we made a t-shirt we got our
official gold look shirt time to open
this bad boy up guys you do not realize
how excited I am but nervous at the same
time why the pause guy alright so this
is the shirt guys I'm gonna try it well
let's see how it is it feels really nice
actually feel it like we're one of your
hands over here try and feed it through
the camera it feels nice right see how
it fits so here you go guys this is the
shirt I designed it's very simple it's
actually the MV logo from my intro I
worked with the guy who actually made my
intro for me this is the shirt just
trying to show you how it fits like a
short sleeve and it's actually pretty
nice I felt it so basically if you guys
want this shirt click the link in the
description and hopefully by the time
this video is out they will be up for
sale now the thing is with the place I'm
selling it is at the moment I'm not sure
if I'll make you a week or ten days or
how it even works but you have a limited
time to get it and after that time you
can't purchase out also if you want one
please get it as soon as you're watching
this video or within like a week because
after that I'm not sure if I'll like
print the same design change it up or
stuff like
that anyways I'm actually really excited
guys I think I'm gonna order myself like
10 just to have like in my closet
so yeah I'm buying my load merchandise
it's been a really really long time
since I actually used my air rifle which
I bought so let's go ahead and use it
mommy's in the toilet or somewhere else
okay so it's not in the toilet and I
know you got like wait why would it be
in the toilet I don't know that's where
we normally put it so I'm guessing it's
upstairs let's go grab it and let's do
some target practice it's been a long
time since I'm wearing my special more
vlog shirt I think Mike she's gonna be
good today let's see oh did you see the
dust that came out of that I haven't
used this for a long time I was full of
dust so I've actually got a different
target set up than usual now normally I
always just shoot you know the normal
targets that came with the set but this
time I'm gonna be shooting two water
bottles yes so you can see right there
okay when everybody's gone down and kind
of show you guys I've got myself set up
two back-to-back water bottles now the
bullet should be flying in from this
direction and hopefully go through this
one what I'm hoping is it'll go through
the first one out and then get stuck in
the second one somehow so I'm gonna have
a camera set up over here so you can
kind of get the side shot for now let's
take the gun and yeah let's see if we
can do this camera is set up over here
to be recording so let's just go ahead
and press it and yeah I think we have a
good shot what is going on mommy
what the hell what why is she sleeping
in my god box okay I'm pretty sure that
is not the place for a cat to be when
I'm about to shoot a gun mommy
here goes nothing boys I swear the
hardest part about this gun he's
reloading it which is super hard and
I'm actually really bad at my Chris yet
the Lord so let's just hope that this
mall blog t-shirt bring me some luck you
know rolling the sleeves up because you
know you have to see the guns when I do
this oh yeah today son that's actually a
pretty powerful gun I hope we recorded
it nicely another camera but I actually
went through both of the wars there your
eyes that has been today's experiment I
hope you have enjoyed it yeah that
seriously goes to show guys like how
powerful the air rifle was like I didn't
expect it to go through both of them and
nothing can probably easily like
penetrate someone's skin and just like
go inside their flesh which kind of
worries me now like we got a very small
amount post today so we're just gonna
open up within like 30 seconds so I'm
gonna give my mom this one because she's
been dying to see what this is because
it's from Bahrain and she has family
macarons oh no she actually tried to
open it before I even record it so you
can open that and that and then I'll
just open these two okay I think this
might be for Lana so I keep that side
whoa so I got a lot of money
your guys ah this is just insane man I
saw I promise you by the end of this
week I'm going to make the money
collection videos so hopefully this
would be like the last thing I can add
in there and I don't even think I have
these No
look at them they're very colorful and
it says oh they're Canadian
Canada has a queen look at that mommy I
never knew that I've really never knew
that anyways thanks so I appreciate that
oh look goodness I get a cat photo okay
that's going on the cat wall of fame
anyways thank you so much for the
Canadian notes and I think this is for
Lana so I'm gonna give that straight to
her when she gets home thank you it's a
CD so yeah that's what your family sent
you a CD I kept joking it's not family
guys but she was so eager to open issues
I it could be for my family man I need
to open it this is pretty cool Richard
sent me a load of stickers I believe
basically look at this it says mold
blogs and stuff like that there's a Lana
rose one there's one that just says MV
like this shirt look at that it's legit
the same logo so yeah thank you so much
Richard I do appreciate it my mom has
not been participation just been sing in
the melt I'm like okay last piece I
think it says there's coins in here the
letters from Samuel Hernandez in Texas
and basically I got this small pouch
full of money I think so I don't know
why it seems so like wrong when I have
money and envelopes like you know it
seems a bit fishy but thank you so so
much for the Mexican 20 pesos pesos I
hope I'm saying that right and a bunch
of Mexican coins anyways guys that's
been the Smallville time I hope you have
enjoyed we're actually gonna head out
now so yeah join us for the day you
could at least say bye to them like guys
I don't know why why is she be in this
melt like why was she in this mell times
you decide this is fine we're gonna go
out now maybe sure maybe she'll freshen
up until they come on let's do it
okay look I'm gonna be honest there is a
constant battle
me and bubbles have from my chair and I
think he needs to realize this is my
chair
bubbles guys I swear I could legit so
I'm not sitting on him right now but
even if I did he would not move look at
him I did I don't know how this cat
thinks that this chair that is my chair
belongs to him
I swear I could sit on him and he
wouldn't even move he wouldn't he would
let himself die for this chair because
it's mine he just knows his mind by the
way I want to say Happy Easter at night
no it's really late with the only reason
I knew is Easter this is my sister when
I bought some like Easter candy less yes
her favorite thing is these ones like
what are they called these cream eggs
and she's had them from such a young age
but personally I absolutely hate them
like no joke I think they're way too
sweet and chocolatey but she likes them
so yeah happy Easter everybody anyways
right now be a mime are heading out I'm
treating my mom to a tea yeah you know
that's all I can
paparazzi tea that's all I can do it's
my best where is Lana's car like mommy
where's the Lambo okay
oh jokes aside my sister's actually out
with their friends right now and the
surprising part is I don't know how she
has friends like Lydia how does a person
as losery as Lana get right I don't know
how that possible guys I don't know
so just here at paparazzi you know
that's what I say you know Mom over here
I got myself a new drink normally I
always go with their puffer milk tea
which is like what everybody gets like
that recommendation but I don't know I'm
just going to put off it for a while
side I'm trying
normal British black tea you know
equality I just could say that it was
like yeah go have your British cave my G
just got here and you know as always I
love recording putting the milk in the
piece so here goes nothing guys
oh okay I did not realize how told it
was gonna get absorbed something big one
hand all right there you go that's good
that's good
Lana's friend just left and here she is
she came a mouse over here
she had herself a little bundle that's
the strawberry sauce she had oh yeah she
walked patchy and she didn't even buy
the ones I like she you know Sade hates
batchi he was slurring at badging who's
like this this chocolate is rubbish
seder wow you bought all of these
nonsense I like the thick ones like this
like these so we just came to their to
saw that story because we had some work
to do but as always you guys know what
the deal is and wherever they have any
sort of iPads or devices I'm putting
more plugs on there so if you guys see
more blogs open on the iPad you know who
did it
there you go lo blogs did you open it
IRAs own picture them here you go show
the camera
oh yeah mo blogs on every iPad I think
this is in another language guys four
million six hundred thousand Hana mood I
think that means views I'm like a big
baby guys I love coming into toy stores
look at that they throw at Man and
Superman thing going on oh look at this
they've got a load of like huge figures
over here what a Superman slap to the
guy look at this guys again watch this
boom these are one of my favorite toys
what's up I know you're a loser but
what's up yo yo what's up what's up hey
you kids
oh I've took out your fish squid let it
vibrate and then you drop it swim my
fish swim I had to show you guys I just
wanted a very unique car over here the
Lamborghini Aventador there you go boy
is this car is an absolute beauty
finished off in a matte color look at
that boys oh my god
one seer they designed a new sort of car
over here I don't know I think this is
the limited release in the toy store
got a bit boring over here doing it so
everything we could to be honest we just
came here to do some stuff at the salaat
we need to like change or pay my bill or
something I don't even know but yeah
let's go now I hope I can give Lord on
her present I opened the fan now and
this was the only thing you got
it wasn't much of like four layers okay
and you got that I don't know what it is
I think it's for you it looks like
earrings what is it can you see it Rick
it says your name it doesn't say your
name it's Arabic
open it open it just see what it says oh
I thought it was like I couldn't see
like I can't see through
oh yeah this is the last fan mail I just
realized you're wearing the last van no
does it say Dada
oh okay yo my nails are so messy don't
show my nails all right there you go
lonna downwards guys they see it they
see it thank you yeah that's nice that's
really nice now that I'm home I can
actually officially say that the t-shirt
is up for sale I know you guys have
probably known it all along in the video
cuz the links been in the description
but here is I finally set it up so I
decided to put it on for 14 days and
yeah that I just I thought maybe like
seven days wasn't enough maybe something
who had exams and stuff I don't know
yeah if you guys want to check it out if
you don't I'm happy I'm actually gonna
order myself like a ton so that's kind
of cheating so if you see my sales
number on this shirts is a lot I'm
actually gonna be ordering maybe 10 20
30 who knows I don't know yet
I've got it excited so I might go
overboard I'm gonna do something cool
I'm gonna make my mom vlog and she's
gonna properly speak with you guys
you're gonna see that all right give me
a second
fancy speaking you know I don't normally
but oh my god
I know so yeah my mom is a great mother
good guys I am all seriousness I want
all of you to try now it is so funny
like but yeah there you go I could start
making my mom look like now I'll just
save the lines you hold the bone and
boom we have a blogger in the making
right now let's see does this work
turn on oh oh okay whoa
all right here goes nothing mummy you
know what give us the massage mommy do
it for once I feel nervous oh my god it
moves it's making the paper move do you
see that Wow
that is crazy let put it here look at
this the papers legit is moving because
of that that is awesome what is this cat
doing please somebody explain to me what
this retarded cat is doing I have no
idea like this does not make sense
she's been smelling this whole table
like it's some sort of what oh my god
what what are you guys doing what is
going on oh oh oh all right both of you
back off back off you go that way you go
that way fight nights over okay I just
completely forgot apparently there was
one more thing from my mummy look at
this open up and show them wow thank you
guys so much we just saw it right now
it says oh my god it's a mummy you can
have it my mum wants to use her weird
torture toy on mana now it's actually it
feels so weird I'm not even lying
it's gonna make you feel numb for a
couple of hours okay so weird feels like
I'm being absorbed by aliens right
thinner one thing I want to mention
before I end today's look is I'm
actually gonna be doing a giveaway where
I give five of these shirts away
basically I'll just order them for you
with your address and the way to win is
number one follow me on my Instagram
account we'll be down in the description
or probably here and all you need to do
is I'll post a picture was like this
shirt and it will say giveaway in the
like description and all you have to do
is light that photo and I'm gonna pick
five random winners to win the shirt and
if you're one of them all I'll do is DM
you you can send me your address if
you're something that wants the shirt
and you're like let me just try my luck
all you have to do is double tap the
photo and follow me on Instagram that's
it so hopefully you guys have enjoyed
the vlog a huge thank you to all of you
for supporting the channel I love your
faces as always stay awesome everybody
and yeah don't let they stop you from
what you want to do because they don't
want you to be successful
anyways they also yeah all right higher
