oh good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog I hope
everybody is having a beautiful day so
first things first I'm not sure if you
guys can realize look what I have on my
wrist that is a 150,000 dollar watch
right and no it's not my watch guys so
first things first I actually need to go
return this to the owner which is my
friend basically if you haven't watched
yesterday's video my friend who owns the
watch just let me have it for the day I
did I don't know why y'all by the way
right now my Ferrari is quickly getting
washed up it's actually been a really
long time since I wash my Ferrari so
yeah damn looking spotless
Oh guys look where we are
well it's back bro one piece one piece I
promise everything I've given you has
never come back what you read hi guys so
I'm here at my friend Muhammad and his
watch is back bro you know I I hit it
like somewhere private so I nobody would
rob me yeah actually it's a big
responsibility man bro why did you leave
yesterday you imagine I trusted you with
half a million no I wouldn't trust
myself with that one there you go for
now I quickly went and gave back my
friends watch guys I feel so good oh oh
a Lamborghini SV Oh yo look at that car
oh my god I'll wait what a dream I'm
louisia what are you doing here
I'm not you're following me anyways guys
I'm Dre's here what are you doing
chilling here ya know what happened to
my second date
maybe this week when are you free Andrea
promised me a second day so I'm exposing
your straightaway I literally just left
the showroom but I'm gonna go back
inside with there just so I can see what
she's richer than me apparently we're
gonna go car shopping with Andrea okay
what do you like I actually wanna know
what girls like diet down how about this
if they get if they got 150,000 likes
I'll buy you this okay if I get if I get
half a million likes I promise I'll buy
this I didn't somebody commented that
Andrea should marry me yeah you know
where she replied what's your plight
then I'd rather die
you know again even a car I'm not buying
her the car seriously a second date
coming soon yes right this week hey who
are you looking at are you looking other
guys are you looking at other guys they
cheating besides from the IE is there
anything else you want why I mean I keep
in my budget is there anything where I
can like kind of contribute towards what
is your budget I don't know what to say
right now like honestly I would love to
buy Andrea a car I'm probably gonna name
this video buying your car but like only
for the title of this you know no Andrea
super hard-working guy so she makes her
money yourself yes yes you're aware that
I I love I love is equal to sugar mama
can you guys I mean god damn you look at
the wrist
what's this a intuition you know what
into Asia means meaning of a superpower
Wow
but isn't it weird that you have a light
on your chest I was going to keep
looking at it I mean I believe they're
only looking at the yeah that's what
they're looking at
my only werewolves oh sorry sorry
she only okay guys literally I stopped
vlogging right now somebody came up to
me was like all photo I assumed he
wanted a photo with me he wanted a photo
at the car he wanted him to take a
picture of himself alone anyways guys
super random to run into her I actually
need to go I need to leave so peace out
why are you saying bye guys I do she
doesn't care about me she cares about
you guys that's it no okay guys so right
now I just finished up in the showroom
and I actually have a surprise for you
guys so I didn't tell you this but my
friend from Sweden is here and she's
back on the vlogs long time no see guys
so in case you don't know this is marina
she's from Sweden guys so right now
we're going on a dinner date we're going
on YouTube guys this is like a vlog date
when youtubers be out like they go on
YouTube dates so yeah so right now being
married have come over to a restaurant
guys check it out we're having some
buckle hours so it's like this dessert
how do you say it but cloud will our but
Laura whoa look at that okay so
basically right now you come over to a
Turkish restaurant to eat some food
we're having the mcloud dessert
and yeah guys she's such a greedy girl
like she's not even late we have one
bite down
okay so right now we just finished up
having our food at the restaurant guys
and it is time for a movie date
Wow are you rejecting me God Wow you
know this is why I don't meet up with
other youtubers like they just don't
accept my date
guys little dress is all black and wears
white shoes that doesn't make sense lie
everywhere all black black shoes okay so
we did end up picking a movie to go
watch guys basically were watching a
movie good computer computer you picked
it you know that guy that says I will
find you and I will kill you we're
watching this movie right now so guys
you can dance oh oh oh my god killing my
guy so right now we are about to enter
to go watch the movie as I told you guys
it's inside like the Platinum Suites
which is like the luxury luxury version
of the cinema so everybody gets like a
sofa bed and you can order food like
there's a little Bell where you can
order food guys what did we just do so I
made a slight little mistake basically
when I booked when I bought the the
cinema tickets
it said 11:10 again right now it's 11
o'clock but it's at 11:10 a.m. for
tomorrow so basically we actually had to
change the movie we're watching we're
watching the Black Panther instead oh
this debate you can't even look like a
movie ticket guys look at look at this
we have this whole lounge to ourselves
so romantic
my guy so right now we are inside the
Platinum movie fear if you guys can see
this is what the seats look like guys so
check it out as you guys could see it's
literally all like sofa beds over here
guys whoa oh my god
anyways we're sitting up there guys so
you can see nari not that you're gonna
sleep in a movie I know it check it out
you have your own lamp whoa this is
inside the movies guys I don't even know
the point of like these sheets because
it just makes everybody sleep during the
movie but it kind of looks cool so
that's what matters guys you got a
pillow in the cinema over here
whoa Nerine is already getting ready to
sleep she's got a blanket she's got
everything good night 2,000 years well
right now we just finished up in the
movies that was a good movie right it
wasn't but guys but now we're actually
heading off here we quickly just came to
watch half a movie that's it we watched
like a trailer in there and we're
heading out this is something normal in
Sweden what what are you doing guys
where is she no this is how you know
it's late right now guys look the whole
park is empty it must be so weird
hanging around the vlogger like me yeah
oh my god guys she's buying me flowers
is this like an official date now a
youtuber is taking me on a date do you
have enough for flowers
are you buying arrows I guess just stop
stop stop stop doing that right now I
quickly stopped by the gas station
because honestly they have some of the
best ice creams at the petrol station
guys I look at this what they have like
every single ice cream you could wish
off like damn oh look at her guys she
got her ice cream wow so you promised to
buy me ice cream and only got herself
ice cream right now he clearly filled up
some petrol in the car so we're actually
heading out of here
let's do this just for now okay so for
now we're actually gonna head off so
imma quickly go drop Narine off and
we're gonna say goodbye turn
