it's it's real yo-yo good morning
everyone welcome back to another vlog so
we're starting out today's vlog outside
because I have a very very exciting
piece of news for you guys my mother is
doing her first brand deal today
what okay so in case you guys don't know
you guys probably know that youtubers a
lot of time we do brand deals with like
brands and working companies but today
my mum is actually doing her first brand
new my mom let me take a selfie we are
back home right now as I told you guys
we literally start our morning with a
meeting in for my mom it just feels
weird because like you guys are used to
me doing everything on the internet and
my sister but I never would have thought
that companies would want my mom it's
good I'm super happy the first time my
mom ever got a brand new oh I feel like
it's time to celebrate with a good drink
of water
Cheers cheers everybody design this is
one of the coolest cups ever are you so
here's the thing right now me and my mom
are actually heading to the mall
basically I have a voucher for the
gadget store and it's expiring very soon
so right now I actually just want to go
and use my voucher before it expires yo
hi guys so right now I quickly came over
to the gadget store and I don't know why
I love coming to this section cuz they
have a ton of backlight and look at your
teeth
it's glowing white like my teeth are
glowing anyways basically what I'm
getting from here guys and don't don't
laugh at me
this is what I'm getting oh yeah oh yeah
I'm getting an inflatable flamingo for
arson report dollar tissue paper what
what this is for the real bowlers that
want to wipe their nose with money
okay so right now are you quickly going
around the mall and I actually show you
something really cool they have they
actually have some really cool property
or showing guys check this out BAM
whoa so this is like something that
they're building in Dubai guys and look
how cool it looks like the whole
building is gonna be lit up and it looks
insane it's imagine living here you have
like your own swimming pool and
everything down this is nice just
finished up in the mall but look who
joined us
mah boi hey brah you wanna tell
them the good news
oh boy Ross said it just passed his exam
and I actually have a surprise for him
when we get home are you ready I have a
big surprise for you you bought
something just know it's big I'm not
gonna tell you to right now redisplayed
a home and it is time to inflate my blue
meanie
to avoid danger of suffocation please
keep this plastic bag away from Paige
is low look at her face this is really a
flamingo this is my mouth that's going
to take you a long time years
do I feel like I'm on drugs okay stop
now it's time for that your cheeks look
like a hamster it is like it's coming to
life toy it's time to test it out guys
it's time to put this in the same book
go it's colder now these can you close
your legs
that is the Flamingo
I'm like yo our boys I quickly went and
dried myself up now here's the thing
right now raw is downstairs and you
know how I told you I have a surprise
for when I get home
check this out guys right now I'm gonna
bring him upstairs and I'm gonna try it
like prank you maneuver with this money
I'm gonna say somehow I found this money
or like I print money at homework I
don't know I'm gonna say something that
makes him freak out all right okay so
you guys know that this is $50,000 cash
but in real life it looks like $500,000
so you might be confused because I said
I went and took this money to the bank
but basically I decided to keep it
literally just for this prank okay so
here's the plan right now I'm gonna
bring Roxanne upstairs and I'm gonna
tell him that we've started printing
money at home
yep and he's gonna believe that right
now I just told the auction that we
actually have a surprise for upstairs
you ready do you know what this is no it
does something else we could print money
on this it's real today we've been
spending the whole day prettiness and
it's on the blog it's real bro this is
thank you printed why are you smelling
the money did I tell the money is real
are you checking the serial numbers this
is do you want to do with us no why what
do you mean it's real money down down
now he's enjoying it what are you doing
bro who are you taking my money what are
you doing bro amigos
okay bro like why are you taking the
money like no nobody said you can have
it it's just I'm sure you brought like a
roach so basically right now we just
hold rosh it that it's a prank bro i
knew it that's money guys its member are
you okay like is this like an addiction
are you good my job well for now there
you go that is the money guys the right
now raw should just found my golden play
button bro have you even ordered yours
yet basically these guys if you don't
know raw should actually have one
of these but youtube don't like it's
okay bro it's okay I'll make you under
as always i'm actually gonna end off
today's vlog here today has actually
been a super super fun day let me know
did you guys enjoy that cash prank I did
in Russian as a yo bro yo you want you
want to start printing money with me
honestly guys I actually one of my plans
is to go to somewhere when they print
money like the bank or something cuz I'm
really interested in how money is made
because yeah like aren't you guys I just
I just feel like it's so cool to see how
money is actually made Oh decided let me
know if you guys saw the prank honestly
I don't even think Raschid cared about
the money guys like is I really ten
dollar notes are you kidding me do I
want to print ten dollar notes ba guys
don't forget I'm doing a massive massive
giveaway where I'm giving you a six
phone so make sure all you need to do is
subscribe to the channel and comment
down below why you won't understand
that's it
simple as that and yeah that that's it
guys anyways I don't know why my face
looks really red right now I kind of
look like it to me oh yeah I love you
guys so so much and I'll see you
tomorrow for another epic vlog Yolo Yolo
a little bye-bye
