yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
how are you all doing I'm feeling good
today there's one thing I really want to
do today and that is cut my hair it's
gang it's getting long and scruffy
that's even going over my ear anyways
today I'm not gonna lie I woke up super
super late and it's kind of like five or
six o'clock so it's not technically the
morning but you know we'll just say it
okay so before I do anything today I
need to show you this one thing
so somebody emailed me and this is what
the caption of the email said is this
true and I had a picture attached it now
let me explain what the pictures before
I show you so you know what some
websites where they have like loads of
advertisements oh this is how this
person lost this much weight or this is
how I don't know Bill Gates makes five
million dollars a day therefore a
picture of me saying this is how I make
two thousand one hundred fifty dollars a
day okay before I show you the picture
if you guys somehow know how making that
please let me know because I would like
to make that - anyways this is the
picture look look at that guy's
he makes $2,100 a day
find out how what how please tell me how
I'll click on you all day to tell me
that is insane that is completely
ridiculous guys I swear when I saw that
I was like the hell they're using my
picture I'm not gonna lie
it's a nice picture of me though I think
I look good in that bar so that's pretty
cool but if you guys know how to make
that much a day please just comment down
below oh I would love to actually make
that much so I'm creating a rush out to
go get the cat some food
they have become extremely picky with
our food by the way guys must visit the
mansion
okay former time overtime
tonight I'm not rapping anymore actually
some yoga scada hey let's go get some
food before anybody starts complaining
at me you know what the weather today is
reminding me off it's reminding me of
Singapore it's extremely hot but it's
raining I don't understand I'm getting
soaked out here can I run in and buy
what I need to and go home so you know
as mums do guys my mum wrote me a tiny
little list of things to buy I'm not
sure if you guys can see that it says
cornflakes bread cat food and milk first
things first
my cornflakes ran out this morning so
let me just grab some of that I'm not
sure I need to try out different things
you know I actually really like these as
well and honey loops them ones the honey
cheerios but for now I'm just gonna get
that and well still we need some bread
and cat food this is literally all my
basket looks like everyday bread milk
cornflakes and cat food okay let me go
pay up go home and feed the cats I just
got out and the weather is not much
better it's actually starting to pour
down a bit more now so let me quickly
hop in my car look look how wet my car
is it's flooding right now okay let's go
home
let's go before I I'm soaking wet I took
a shower I'm clean man look at this for
you guys I can't see anything
whoa now I can go go go go go go go
draining it's raining yeah I got you
food come get it why are you running
it's food for you so me my mum are just
about to head out now but I want to show
you one thing because a lot of time I
get questions where is Lana cuz me and
my mum got a lot and she doesn't come
along and I'm going to show you where
she always is BAM this is where she
spends most of her day guys she's either
painting over here or editing a video
that never gets released
oh my god I don't know how long videos
take to edit guys but Hurst hurts take a
couple years
it's no joke like she edits videos and
then I wait today I don't know anyways I
thought I'd share that information with
you cuz wherever I go or even on the
bloat like you guys like where his line
up she's not on the block she's nowhere
so where is she at Mall
she's always here guys so if you guys
want to find where she is just come
upstairs you see her room this is her
room come to the right and say hi okay
that's right they can see on snapchat
doing some stuff over here anyways right
now I'm going out hopefully I'll get
time to go have a haircut and yeah catch
guys there peace bye Lana okay time to
head out with mommy mouth sorry she's
looking so nice today what's up mommy
more what's up you looking swaggy so he
just made it over to the mall guys but I
had to give my car in for a wash
look at what the rain does like it
becomes so muddy I don't know what is in
the rain I think it's like sand and like
your whole car just gets left with these
I dot dot dot muddy spots so yeah once
I'm back this is going to be cleaned up
yeah let's go mommy let's go alright
guys I'm just about to go get my hair
cut so in about ten seconds time I
should be looking different to this so
see you guys then peace out and let the
transformation begin
like you boys that is my future for
today shaped not nicely and yeah right
now we're actually going to go have a
meal with mummy ball just need to find a
place now so yeah it's extremely busy
it's on the weekend right now and yeah
the mall is extremely fat you guys might
remember this place
s like she brought me here and I
actually brought my mom here it's
actually pretty cool place we're just
going to get seated right now they've
got like a long waiting queue to go
outside but we're just going to sit
inside until there's a seat available
outside but it's actually a really nice
place and you get the view of the
fountain which is amazing that your
light is glass view and you can see the
fowling outside what up mummy
it's got some nice music as well okay
you know look at the viewer getting
right now boys wow I love the war sure
looks so amazing
I think I'm gonna try the exact same
thing that my boy ordered me last time
it was like this pizza like a little key
and stuff and it tasted delicious not
even kidding I it was amazing so I'm
gonna order that again
a show is person
music going with today guys look at my
mommy she's become antisocial now show
them what you're doing show them what
you were doing you're on your phone
that's right guys that's right even my
mom is using the in chat now and yes my
drink just came guys let's see can we do
this from high Oh boys let's not miss
yeah Moe's a professional look at that
look at that distance whoo we just got
some seats outside boys and our food has
come this is the pizza the house lumads
like this fully meat pizza I actually
quite like it I got one myself as well
so tuck in and once the war show starts
we have like a really nice few boys so
yeah and obviously burj khalifa view
over there the war shows about to start
as you can see oh here comes the war
show guys
mommy is that Michael Jackson I think
they're playing thriller guys
yeah
what is going on behind me
the Glock just literally opened
that is okay that is us wrapped up over
here or leaving now I think I ate way
too much like you know when you have a
lot of food in front of you and you want
to force it down it's kind of I did and
now loading yo so your boy has come into
a glasses store and you guys might be
like yo mo are you going to get some new
pair glasses man basically the reason
I'm here
specially got very good reason basically
you guys know I make a lot of videos and
I edit them and I spent a lot of time on
the computer cuz I'm editing and that's
kind of like worn out my eyes a little
bit like for a fact I know my eyes have
gotten weaker so I'm here to kind of
test my eye size see how it's doing
because I haven't had an eye test and
ages let's hope for the best I hope I
don't need glasses because you know it's
just going to be like a hassle weighing
losses and stuff but yeah struggles of
being a youtuber man like you do a lot
of editing anyways you know what's
extremely funny every time I come in for
like an eye test my eyes start like
watering at the same time it's like they
know I'm going in for a test and they
want me to fail badly guys look what
mommy mo was showing me she wants to get
some lenses I think yo she wants to have
some great highs do it why is that gray
that's about wrong good eye alright here
we go guys
hi Tess I am
No
damn I think is that the one I'm using
still me I'm ready I'm here to have my
eye tested I make a lot of videos and
stuff like and I edit and here a boy is
about to put my eye in for the test of
its life you know ever like when I've
come it started worrying not like it's
like it knows I'm doing an eye test time
signal I test I hope it's not too bad so
much machinery I see a house this look
at what's an issue oh okay part one done
guys
no my I start worried we went blurry
okay Oh something fell okay so my eye
test is just over guys and basically my
eyesight isn't too bad but I'm a
stigmatic which means my eyes are
sensitive to the light so I might get
some glasses to like reduce it because
you know like you got light from your
like computer and stuff that's why I get
irritated apparently so yeah I might go
and like pick out some glasses right now
I actually don't like wearing losses I'm
not sure if I will but let's look around
okay so I'm just testing out some
glasses at the moment guys I look like
such a nerd
oh my I can't imagine myself wearing
these every day
humming those okay all of these I'm
testing out some glasses at the moment
these are tight I think these are
women's no these are way too tired okay
let me just test out a couple guys and
I'll show you I fit so I find you picked
out the glasses I want guys these are
the ones and the reason I'm smiling is
actually because I've always hated the
idea of having glasses and I'm going to
be honest my eyesight has not become
weaker or anything like I've always had
a stigmatic eyes but I've always refused
to get glasses but the only reason I
keep getting these now is because I have
started editing a lot I'm working on the
computer a lot this is kind of like a
precaution because I'm scared they will
get worse because of that even though
they haven't already so there you go
you're gonna have to get ready for smart
mode I'm a changed man right now anyways
I'm going to give these insert a clip
can you see that there's two dots on
them that's the center point on my eye
they're gonna get my lenses sorted out
and yet more I'm picking up my official
glasses there we go boys enough of
videoing with these losses let's go pay
for them and head out anyways I just
think your thumbnail show in here I
don't know why I'm doing my life anymore
mo with love I like such a nerd oh my
god alright let's leave mommy we got
more sunglasses my mom is actually super
happy right now guys because she is the
one that kind of forced me to go do my
eye test and get glasses anyways let's
go get some trolleys the space is super
cool
I should never assume it hey let's get a
trolley oh okay that's two all right all
I need is one voice for doing a bit
healthy shopping right now buying fruits
and stuff look what your boy got we got
the watermelon boys you got the lower
value I'm gonna go put this in the past
and I think we're good to go that is
literally the only thing I wanted today
there's one car that always just takes
my attention the Nissan GTR guys I love
this car too bitch it just looks
gorgeous every time I see them like I
just stop and admire the car like I
really want one soon
I'm not kidding like this is a car I'm
definitely going to have sometimes in
here
do you guys hear that that is the sound
of the AC it's so hot in the parking
that they put the AC on gloss anyways my
car is looking clean as hell right now
but yeah mommy y'all wassup we got ice
cream in the house tonight
oh all right
they're mini mini some cheapskate ice
cream anyways I don't even care I
thought they're full size but my oh wow
money got some raspberry ones I got some
mango ones it is so hot and you do not
know how refreshing this feels right now
you want like right
my face
yeah she is nice I didn't think I'd like
the Roseberry but it's nice anyways I'm
sticking to my manga it's okay it's a
good know as much as my mango as you
guys can probably tell I'm home I
quickly took off my shirt cuz just cuz I
had my hair cut feels super itchy like
all the hair was stuck in that shirt but
let me show you guys is cuz my mom
bought herself some slippers today look
at this yeah and I know for a fact name
but one of them down I know she did not
read what's on this you know what it
says guys mommy you didn't even read it
says hell yeah hell yeah my mom got
herself some new slippers at least it's
not anything rude or you could have it
could have said anything mommy and you
didn't read it
anyways look at the cats they are happy
that were home right now
unknown and I'm taking my war away from
bubbles she has a tendency of putting
his hand in there whoa I just finished
taking my shower guys and I'm gonna live
my hair actually looks pretty decent it
actually doesn't look as bad as I
thought look anyways I'm gonna wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed but before I do I want to sing
one thing and that is a huge thank you
to every single one of you you guys may
know we recently hit 800,000 subscribers
which is just crazy so from the bottom
of my heart thank you to every single
one of you and I want to say a bigger
thank you to everybody who's left nice
comments and my comment sections before
and just remains positive because I
really do appreciate that because
sometimes it gets a bit messy chalant I
may be a bit more than sometimes but I
appreciate the guys leaving nice
comments anyways I'm going to show you
guys some more for another vlog stay
positive happy and awesome everybody
don't forget y'all Yolo goodbye
