yeah yo everyone good morning how are
you doing so today I'm actually feeling
really good I've got a slightly croaky
voice but I actually feel so much better
than yesterday like last night I had
like every sort of medicine possible and
my throat is pretty much cleared now
anyways right now heading over to see my
friend and I think we might be seeing
the Battle of you if I'm not mistaken
you barely get to see that car so every
time is awesome or you get to see it but
generally gonna head over a first I need
to put some petrol on my car cuz I don't
want to get stranded on the streets so
let's go see what's up I don't know what
it is about my luck recently but every
time I come out I'm stuck in so much
traffic just look in front of you guys
like nothing is moving
nothing oh my god ah two days
back-to-back full of traffic I think I'm
coming out at the wrong time or
something okay boys slide just made it
over and you can already see the
Batmobile behind me this thing is just
are stunning I sure I love being around
this whenever I get the opportunity to
come I'm like yeah I'm coming to see the
Batmobile again this thing is just a
tank like if you look at it I've never
actually done like a whole tour of the
body outside it like it just looks mad
like even the suspension look at this
thing right it looks like it can carry
your building on that thing anyway this
thing is just madness absolutely love it
they washed it up cause I think there's
like a famous DJ coming over to see it
I'm just like I know chill around here
yeah I have to show you we also have
that really cool blue better I'll take
you over to show you but this thing is
dope by the way guys I don't know if you
remember but this is Johnny and last
time we did the Batmobile video he was
here and he's here again but since then
he has actually done something what we
done I started my blog channel on
YouTube
shout out to move large for that
inspiration follow me on IG j o & NY but
1 e r ra and he has so many blogs set to
come out so I'm gonna be watching them
he is the next vlogger in Dubai he looks
like between America and divine work LA
divine shout out to hear me anyways we
also have this really cool event Ettore
so my lost love last time I think it was
yesterday's look I'm not even sure but
this was the exact car that I was
driving just looks amazing we aren't
here with the squad you know how it is
ah this cars just I just love it anyways
we're actually I think I mentioned this
we're waiting for like a famous DJ or
something to get here that's why these
cars have been plowed here I think like
I don't know what they're going to use
it for exactly but you know you have to
stunt on them with these things I
actually just bought something which I
found really cool about this Batmobile
let me share it with you guys now if you
notice to see that there's like these
horizontal suspension things in there
and I was like wait a second what is
that for cause normally cars the
suspension is just upwards you know like
if the car goes up and down but
apparently this car like when you drive
it like it kind of crunches like I'm not
sure how to explain it because you see
where it's cut there it kind of bends
and that's why they need suspension over
there I thought that was pretty cool to
share with you guys if you actually
spoke over there that's gloss that's not
even Mel which is pretty cool you can
kind of see what's under there
but them okay you know I'm gonna stop
talking about this car because I always
do and I just love it it's like a like a
kid's dream to be next to like a bat
with you and you know I've watched
Batman a lot it was my favorite movie
ever so to be next to this car it's
always just so cool oh boy
okay glad you see they just turned on
the bat with your that thing is kind of
now they look kind of very loud but the
famous DJ guys right there if you can
see here but he's in the background I
think I don't know they're showing in
the car stuff like that the wings are
there you go home I'm not sure if you
can tell five minutes of the Battle of
your being harder has attracted this
much attention okay so
they're hopping into the Batmobile
they're actually going to be taking the
Batmobile for a small little ride and if
you guys didn't know this car is
actually street-legal like it can take
you on the road they're just putting the
plate numbers home right now I'm going
to take your brace more spin it if you
guys are wondering who the beep is going
if you guys are wondering here the
famous
he's like the DJ of a law like the gays
of a procedure that's what I'm going to
say you know what everybody's distracted
with the battery I can literally hop
into the vet door
thank you like to stake the car now say
imagine if I just took the car when the
keys are in there I'm getting guys I
make sure you the keys of the metro in
there and nobody's paying attention
they're going for a ride in the
Batmobile
oh okay that's why men guys when I save
the car crunches
the Batmobile is on its way back y'all
look at the lights of this thing guys
this thing is crazy
what Wow
by the way look at how the car crunches
okay you see that guys check that out
and the car like kind of pushes together
when you're Reverse watch carefully
there you go
oh man okay so everything has calmed
down over here and I can finally get to
you guys while I was trying to say
basically the guy over here was the DJ
for a lot of like famous even America
songs and while I I think Charlie knows
about my head like okay Jennifer Lopez
pitbull stuff like that so all the light
in my carcass
oh yeah we're just chilling with him
using the Batmobile I think you guys so
like Gibson's of him and yet generally
cool by the way will you go inside and
show you the interior of this Ferrari oh
it's actually beautiful okay so this is
the interior I wanted to show you guys
the interior of this four five eight and
the thing is I've actually never ridden
in a four five eight look at that guys
like all red interior just looks amazing
let's quickly hop in and the thing is
I've actually never been on a ride in a
Ferrari and I've heard this is what I've
heard I don't know I've heard like if I
ride a four or five day or something
that I would love it way more than like
an Aventador or Lamborghini so I'm not
sure if that's true anybody has been in
one let me know but this this view is
what I love guys like you know the wheel
and everything like this is my favorite
view in the world
the Ferrari wheel and stuff just the
start button and everything got stuff
over here the carbon fiber but this red
interior actually suits this car so so
much I love it like it's also got like I
don't know what this is I think it's
velvet you see that guys changes color
and stuff but yeah who's some awesome
car okay for now we are rolling out and
say goodbye to the Batmobile
let's cut out we your boy esse yo what
up murder I'll hold off on all let's go
we met famous DJ today the DJ for who is
it it was Jennifer Lopez anyone anybody
I don't want hit it we met the DJ you'll
never get four waters oh go go go shine
it's your birthday we go time we just
made it over here to the divided marina
guys and this place has such a killer if
you look at this thing oh my god you go
like the beach view over here all the
yachts apart and just look at the
building this place is mental actually
absolutely love the view you over here
but kind of losing track of my friends
so we're gonna eat over here a
restaurant but this place I swear is I
want the most beautiful places just to
walk around and enjoy the environment we
just finished up being over here some
delicious kebab and look where we have
to go home through it it's like some
dodgy alleyway look at em look at empty
driving up there's one did you get your
muscles there before we actually leave
this place I know I've showed you the
buildings and everything but the one
building in specific which I like is
this one it looks so cool just just take
a good look at it guys like the thing
spirals towards the top like the
building actually turns and it's got
lights it's just amazing I know I don't
know why that that building it's just so
beautiful I think anyway okay why am I
so dark guys hi there you go there you
go your boys of that dark well yeah
right now actually go get dropped off to
my car and I'll catch you guys and I'm
hoping the fam may be there or maybe on
the way cash and his boys Warren is out
for today's vlog P shot my man and
I'm taking the next ride today we're
going to go in this Yaris boys but first
on my blogs let's do this let's do this
okay so I did mention guys that I was
going in the Yaris but well I didn't
tell you guys is I'm actually going to
be driving this Yaris so let's hop in
there
I've never done this before I've never
actually hopped into driver yard so
let's go let's let's see what this is up
to I I don't even know how this works
okay
unlock okay yes let's go my man's gonna
be taking me teaching me how to drive
this yeah let's go okay boy so I'm in
the driver's seat of the yard when is
this go okay let's park put on the brake
okay this is this is a yard start boys
yarra star up okay yo the car is started
now the ID okay let's go I've never done
this before oh okay now is it 3d there
yeah that's good and then a handbrake
down
see you later guys all right peace out
Lauren I'm God I did enjoy as you know
we're hitting the Yaris as you can see
my driving skills I'm gonna pay a lot of
attention oh boy this car is different
oh hi let's go let's go I'm excited
let's go power just want to show you
guys that this car has some power so
listen up boys
that is how it sounds when my phone is
fully on the throne no joke I'm full
even my father throw this car what is it
1.6 near what is the engine size and put
some 1.6 ok so we're not working with
much much ok one more time for my fully
on the gas
she got here then she got here I think
I'm the slowest car at the home road you
see all the cars next to be blind by I
like the slowest one out here
put the foot down hey that's the fastest
this car is gone anyways what a drive
guys let's take out the keys to the
Yaris okay how do you take these up they
come out I don't even have to take them
out alright there we go you got the keys
back that was a small little Drive thank
you my man appreciate it oh yeah let's
give the keys back guys guys I just
called Anki wants to attack bubbles
while he's drinking war no don't do it
don't do it oh my god
what the hell is that
what she fell down oh oh oh damn well
that is what you call a great cap by
Eddie Ruiz I just go as you can see I'm
not sure should I open the fan go guys
I've got so much all right let me let me
think about it I'll hollow you guys in a
second ok ok so to end today's vlog of
me and my sister are going to open a
couple of packages that you guys sent
out I picked a couple over here I think
I need to start with this one because it
sounds like something in there it's
either broken or just common pieces so
yeah let's get straight into this
alright I guess we'll figure out with
the best compliments let's take that and
see what's up
are you ready babe um at that point
alright we got a bunch of coins squid um
Oh what's this what is it what is it
what is this
this might be a jewelry hangar no there
is a paper on it okay okay guys I just
read the lair and this thing is a
magnetic pen stand that makes sense
look at that y'all that is awesome my
man thank you so much
I think it seems oh sorry Thank You
Horace for this cool and lush this thing
is cool look at that that is so cool
guys I would my hair about my hair
the thing is near my sister we're trying
to figure out we thought the coins were
attached to it but that is oh sorry
sorry
well yeah it's a magnetic pen stand
appreciate it this is going on my table
for my cool things all right thanks oh
man let's go on to the next package what
is this oh look at this look at this BAM
that's a drink right okay it says hey go
alone to a mummy mold Congrats on your
subscribers here's a hand done render
off your car Wow guys Cheers
Karen Thank You Curran that is insane
that's like super cool not even gonna
lie my corn kind of looks bad and yours
there my my conic sick and it's not
wrapped that's the old number yeah it's
okay if I wrap it like my own drawing
skills I I might kind of ruin it no
seriously that is amazing even has my
plate number written on that thing
that's how accurate is appreciated my
man okay so next I'm gonna open this
lever up Wow okay all right
so I go to this note I have no idea
where this is from our main in my bank
you so much for sending that in I
appreciate it is
is one for me and one for you we get one
each isn't that cool
thank you buddy appreciate it so much by
the way that was from something I forgot
to mention
thanks for man last but not least in
this no time is this thing it feels like
a shirt so let's get to open again for
me it's for me it's for me mastic toy
grips a plastic toy grip all right
Lourdes is open here let's see what you
got oh this is um this a mouse mouse
okay so first up we got that okay it's
like a mouse what are these things
oh it's like a PlayStation grip thing
this is like a cookie awful that is
swimming like a cover how many did we go
Oh different colors wait one more thing
one more thing we got one more thing in
here
hi kids everything yo look at these guys
how many of these did we get I want the
pink one yo I don't even outright no
freaking do you choose you can customize
the color to be mine so you don't take
my things to show so I don't even have
these many controllers love oh that is
epic lost but not least I just put my
hand in there Oh bye
this BAM okay that's the analog stick
we got pause we got everything you guys
you can stick this on we even got some
stickers over here which is pretty cool
this sticks onto the analog stick so
pretty cool thanks this is so so awesome
thank you so much you know what I might
even get one of my controllers right now
Sophie right yeah give me one is what I
want to do boy whoa okay I am back with
two PlayStation controllers let me
customize this thing out they seem a bit
this looks tight this looks like a tight
fit
look at that high volume BAM there you
go nigga my man mine mine is red alright
let's quickly pour these little button
guys which ones you want I want you to
value again give me the white ones all
right take your little pause make it
tiny y'all look at that oh my god that
is the girliest controller ever alright
that looks like a custom controller at
all now I will play please let me show
you guys mind this this darn thing is so
far we're fun not like I can I I know
mine is kind of wonky guys but BAM there
you go that is our new custom controller
show them yours
this actually y'all I can't bring in the
right way y'all that is epic
I love this so much anyways once that is
the end of Mel time thank you to
everybody that sent him stuff this is
just this is major this is actually
really awesome thank you to whoever said
that I don't think there is a name the
only thing I see is this so if that was
you thank you I guess but yeah see you
guys in tours look hopefully you guys
enjoyed today if you did you know what
to do smash that big like but I will see
you guys tomorrow y'all know y'all
goodbye okay guys vlog extras I want to
show you how bubbles is sleeping in my
room what the hell are you doing oh by
the way the story behind the mattress is
that he tried to jump in your cupboard
oh and it fell out it fell down and he
slept on it scream claiming oh my god he
is so long like look at this look at
that do you see that
ah you see how long is what is is I can
go all the way I won't even look at me
hey hey every boys this is my baby I'm
gonna leave him right here he could
sleep as much as he wants catch you guys
on tomorrow's episode Yolo Yolo bows for
sale he's about 10 kilograms over here
come on and see ya catch you next time
peace
