you can be me when you look this clean
I'm a classic uryo everyone welcome to
another Friday listing blog so there's
one thing I need to do right now as soon
as possible and that is to go by my
laptop which is over there a charge and
I'll show you why because it's barely
surviving right now basically this is my
laptop yeah perfectly fine and this is
the charger the thing that it relies on
and look at the state that this thing is
in all the wires are visible through
here if I touch that I get electrocuted
over there it's also broken up but it
gets even worse look at this it's it's
just this thing is just dying like
sellotape is holding it in place right
now all right
let's quickly go ahead and get a new
charger because if my charger dies that
means no more blogs for you guys I know
that is what I used to edit and I don't
have any spare Chargers okay I think
it's about time you got one today so
yeah I'm gonna go head out right now oh
the shades that are really cool oh I'm
uh me and you let's just go do all you
have to Oh yep good idea I need a want
it to buy stuff I got it thank you
I'm driving by swear there's one fly on
my dashboard right now and I can't help
but staring eh it's distracting me so
much look it's just tiny fellow over
here you see that just this tiny guy and
he's just been walking right in front of
me and distracting me get off okay I
just got here and it is really busy in
the mornings I'm trying to remember
where I fall
okay kay I parked at the line cave just
in case I forget I'm gonna watch this
part over not a bad line up in the
morning guys you got the i8 Porsche a
hurricane back there you know it's funny
the apple store is at the top level in
the mall and I've actually never been
here it looks pretty cool look at the
roof whoa and then you can look down at
everybody down there because I'm up
right now anyways it should be oh oh
I think it's an official Apple Store and
I've never been to one in device so
let's check this out yo look at this
entrance guys this is on the busiest
stores I've seen I know Apple stores are
really busy normally but it's actually
got a really cool entrance like these
huge glass doors okay so I just got my
new charger guys but it's actually
pretty cool like inside this place
they've got a load of trees I think it's
a do it something like go green but when
you get a little tore up inside this
shop so let's go ahead and see what's up
so we're saving energy oh okay the
natural light in
so guys they've got a glass roof because
the light comes through and it gives
light to the bamboo trees I just ran
into one cool guy with mold he's from
Germany and he's actually showing me
around the place look at this huge
screen they have that they go what
you're seeing over here and we're
actually going to go to see the business
room right now it should be really dull
so let's go inside we're getting
exclusive access right now we're
actually in like the business room and
this is where all like the business
talks happen and stuff like that and
look at it completely empty they've got
like a huge seating area you got a TV
over there
another one over here and just like a
huge cream seeing area and it's funny
like the doors on the other side I'll
show you and we get back inside
it's like hidden you can't even see the
door you have to like kind of find where
to tap the ID card it's so cool and
you're just chillaxing over here I have
to show you one more thing to add these
seats are from Ferrari what like these
leather seats are actually Ferrari
leather seats like wow that is really
cool imagine having like a whole seating
area made with Ferrari seats so this is
how it would be
look at how they open these doors guys I
think you press this button down and the
door opens up and
then you're back in the Apple shot you
can hear all the noise and this is what
I meant from the outside guys once this
closes you can't tell because every
single wall here has this line so it
just looks very identical to everything
else over here and you have to scan the
card somewhere around here and you have
to keep trying until they let you open
it up anyways awesome stuff let's head
back into the shop you guys want to see
me do a magic trick for you guys all
right check this out alright okay you
have a table right here waffle and then
if you swipe again it goes down sure how
do you do this stuff they've even got
wolves made outta trees and stuff
because apparently like what people are
seeing and feeling shortbread obviously
you know plants give our oxygen stuff
they just make them sit here next to
this and just breathe like fresh air and
stuff okay I'm just about to leave the
Apple Store now guys bye so when you
come here and you look at the watches
you get so tempted to get yourself an
Apple watch but I'm not a big fan of
these like you know the smart watches so
for now I'm gonna pass super cool place
like it's my first time being that Apple
store I think this opened in October so
like six months ago like five six months
ago and it's my first time here anyways
let's head off they got some pretty cool
stuff in there and we've got to get like
a little tour shout out for the people
in the Apple store for recognizing me
and just showing me love around this
one thing I forgot to do which I just
remember it is I normally open up my
channel on all the computers but Johnny
I completely forgot ah last thing I had
to show you oh my god I had to show you
the two cars I slide in valet which are
pretty cool the gt3 RS which I've been
seeing a lot more of lately but secondly
I see a special baracan and I don't see
many of these often and you're probably
not going to spot it straightaway the
bumper is why it's a fully white
Moroccan and it's got like some diamond
encrusted on the back if you see that
which I'm not sure exactly what it says
but pretty cool car haven't seen many of
these with the white bumpers normally
they're like all black who's a good boy
who is a good boy all right let's put
this charger in and go home the one
thing I hate about these chocolate chip
boxes is they are so damn hard to open
all right you know we got it off even
though we paid a bunch of money for this
and I think they're overpriced at least
we have a new charger that is not going
to electrocute me anymore so that's the
old one as you can see that is the new
one this old one is just a mess when I
showed them at the Apple store they were
like yeah I think you need to get rid of
it before you hurt yourself look at this
it looks like a hamster is bitten
through that since this is like a formal
party I need to quickly change from this
into the stuff that I bought yesterday
which is this shirt so let's quickly get
this on and see how I look bareback not
looking rather oh sorry okay hey hey
just cut this tag off and get out this
house because I need to be there now yes
right now while I'm walking I need to be
there so we just got to our destination
guys and basically it's in the downtown
area as I said I'm here on my mommy
she's ready look at her and we have the
verge believer right there so hope I'm
actually going to show you a really cool
car and I'll show you what to get there
cuz awhile I was looking for parking I
saw it and I just I was I couldn't
believe I'm gonna show you one so just
give me a
can I walk over to are you guys ready to
see this car look at this car okay
number one is a blacked-out rolls-royce
gorgeous but look at the plate number a
five now if you guys don't know what
that means you don't live in to buy that
plate number could easily buy you a
Bugatti no joke just the plate number
could easily buy your guy I think maybe
two who knows but wow this is just
insane to see here amazing amazing car
you are now on the black carpet not the
red carpet the black car freak is just
more special all right I think there's a
pro is a bus so we did finally get to
the base we're supposed to be guys it's
outside there I came inside here because
look they have a huge like replica of
the downtown area which is where we are
now that's the Burj Khalifa okay so
we're somewhere around here right now in
real life but look at this this thing
looks remarkable it's so lifelike it
looks so realistic got the roads and
stuff like that
I just looks fantastic you even have the
war display getting lit up over that I'm
gonna try and zoom in for you guys so
you can see that you see it wow that is
really really awesome it's so big I saw
like it's not even like a tiny replica
it's a huge replica anyways we're going
to head back out into like the buff a
place where everybody's sitting now this
base is really cool because I think it's
like an M R event and M R if you don't
know are the people that develop like
all the proper or not all of them are
the majority of the properties here in
Dubai hey what's up yeah Johnny look
like
thank you thank you
the hordes of the best cars tonight are
finally revealed and these three cars
you see behind me are the winners of the
different categories now first of all
the elegant car of the day was this one
don't ask me names guys are not the best
but it looks absolutely fantastic now
we're gonna move on to my absolute
favorite which is this one oh my god
this one the legendary award and this
car is actually 13 million dirhams yes
you heard me right guys and to be honest
it looks like an absolute beauty you can
tell by the way it's shaped this is like
the really really old SLS like this is
what the SLS and stuff like that came
from but absolutely fantastic car and
finally this is the best design car of
the night three absolutely gorgeous cars
guys let me know which your favorite is
to be honest with me I'd probably have
to be this or this one of these two but
yeah by the way just to show you the
interior of this car I came around look
inside that red leather you know how
rare it is to have this car in a black
color with red leather absolutely my
favorite combination Wow this is just
amazing all right I had to come around
the back just show you by the way I
found out the name is good 300s I I
think if I'm not getting it wrong it
says it right there so yeah there you go
back at the car back at this car which I
don't even know what the name of it is
but I don't know it kind of has the
lamborghini stuff but I'm not too sure
guys anyways well leave these cars right
here fantastic things by the way guys
shout out to my dad about the war so
movie yellow
I'm very excited I do like you and I'm
RELIGIOUS and shaking of larger man will
all the cool little stock we did today
here at the event met some really
awesome people actually gonna make our
way back down the black carpet over here
but yeah I've met one of the like
legendary I mean legendary racers of the
bye rally races and it was just amazing
speaking to him and stuff like that and
we got to check out the really cool cars
look at that pink thinking limo over
there okay
I was just on my way about to leave and
you're not even going to believe what
car I saw it's technically a classic car
but this thing is more like a monster
than anything look at the size of this
thing the wheels are about 1 meter each
like no joke look at the size of the
wheels it's going to put myself in the
frame just to get a perspective of how
big this car is absolutely humongous
it's got the engine on the top wow this
thing just looks killer right here also
look at this car this car has like the
maddest suspension ever look at it like
it's completely horizontal over here and
it's still standing upright and finally
we move over to here we have this like
Black Mafia looking car as you can see
it's got like three exhaust tips at the
side of the car whoo she just looks
amazing
anyways I promise you guys those are the
last cars that were checking out for
today we are now officially leaving with
my mom who has constantly been talking
my sister this whole time that we're
here my mom is being a daredevil tonight
oh she says we should go down there with
my car mommy you sure about this I don't
know where that goes guys I have no idea
that is where we came from so we should
be heading that way but we're gonna head
that way I let's see let's see we could
either go into our doom or find
something cool here comes nothing I'll
actually really scared going down
and mommy where are we going oh my god
this is like a construction site let's
be careful Maria not to go oh it says
don't but I saw loads of people coming
here Oh
okay yep reverse get out of here as soon
as possible guys mommy where did you
bring us okay all right we're gonna take
a u-turn guys I thought people were
going down here because they could now
you guys remember granny well when she
was here so basically the urine school
at the time you guys had given me some
flowers roses and what she had done is
she had hung them upside down imagine
okay these are tags I've got from events
I've been to but imagine roses hung
upside down and she let them dry and
these are your dried roses courtesy of
my grandma she said oh I just made a
petal full of fuller proper dried up and
they're always gonna stay like this now
my grandma she was like I was like what
are you doing grandma you've hummed my
roses upside down like you're trying to
kill them or something she was like no
I've hung them that way because they'll
dry and you can keep them so that's
really cool of her to do that I never
knew it now they're gonna stay in this
boss forever and we can remember granny
more like that PS I absolutely love my
table because it's for all my cool stuff
on it you know got the Lambo calendar I
put there this is for last year by the
way I never use this I just placed it
there go on my favorite books got my
plaque which is just all-time favorite
thing to have ever happened for me some
fan stuff that you guys have sent me
more vlogs and yes generally a really
cool place but the most important thing
which I still haven't got around to
doing is in this box in this box is
every single note that you guys have
sent me for the money collection giving
you a sneak peek or this is from the
last one that's why it's on top but
there is so much in this box that I I'm
not going to show you because it has to
be a surprise you guys don't know how
much there is in there there is a lot
trust me but yeah anyways I'm gonna head
out this room before I give away too
much I've said too much already
you guys remember my sister tried to cut
that warm Ellen and she did a hideous
job because of that my mom was not
having that anymore she was like eh
that's too fake you can't call warm
Ellen I'm gonna buy a pre-cut war man
what she's done for me she's out okay
this way you don't have to do with
Lana's terrible cutting by the way I'm
not the best either so that's why we
need this pre-cut all the way let's dig
in
his water melone okay but eventually got
one slice out this is delicious well I
just ate two watermelons both you guys
I'm not regretting it one bit all
because these are delicious can't even
lie anyways as always guys I'm gonna
wrap up today's look here I hope you
have enjoyed but today we did some
pretty cool things it was my first time
in the Apple Store and wait I completely
actually forgot to tell you something
about the Apple Store now you saw me
telling you a lot of things but you see
the glass doors they had over there
which I was talking about when I got in
there those are two tons like two tons
2,000 kilograms and they get moved by
magnets under the doors like what that's
crazy right and secondly went to that
car classic event which was just lit man
the cars there were actually really
really cool I did not expect normally as
I said no plastic car guy but today was
my lucky day with the cars and here's
I'll see you guys some more for another
vlog stay also everybody I love you all
I actually was sitting down for a reason
I don't know why I got out I want to do
some selves before I go to bed but yeah
stay healthy as well add that in there
guys
yellow Yolo see you tomorrow bye
