good morning yo squad today me and my
mom are going out to get my brother some
medication he's actually very sick I
think he has a cold and also we need to
go and get Kitty some food I look like a
total mess today guys it's really bad
mommy Moe is gonna come with us we
didn't introduce it yo yo yo okay guys
we can go together
beautiful I have my mail waiting for you
the beautiful weather today guys as you
can see I've got the big shades on cuz
got no makeup on except a little bit
I'm the car waiting for my mom to get my
brother the food because there's no
parking so I have to sit in the car and
wait and yeah so she'll get the stuff
mom Oh mommy so we got medication and we
got Kitty's favorite food as well oh
that's great
what is that something for sore throat
yeah and what is that saina code I think
that's for the throat it's mostly its
throat that's alright guys so mommy's
back and we're gonna go home let's go
mommy
guys look what we have here it's Toby
like Toby my mommy just fed Toby right
now so Toby's like part of the family
now guys so too bad bubbles and Toby
don't actually all of them don't get
along pretty well because like I don't
know what cats they or not they don't
really get on there's no clique in the
beginning so it's kind of difficult to
let them close to each other we're home
we got your medication mo thank you what
is this stuff by the way um mommy got
you something like before is the wrong
medication really sore throat what this
was like is gonna kill me yeah it is
yeah I know let's see it's got something
with citric acid and I should stay away
I'm gonna get sick of you so hey guys
how are you all doing another day and
Lana started today's vlog again I think
she started two of my books so far this
week but today I she did tell you I've
been kind of sick today I'm feeling a
bit barren now basically I've had like a
really bad cold it's nothing like
extreme or anything but you know when
you throat just Birds like it's
literally been burning and they got me
some like medicine some throat medicine
let me try this on out I hope it doesn't
taste too bad okay let's dear here goes
nothing uh so there's a faster car
okay I just literally went to that that
out oh my god I didn't even read the
instructions before I sprayed it that
was disgusting this is making me feel
really sick now it tastes disgusting but
yeah
the struggles of having a bad cold right
now I'm actually heading out to go get
my vlogging camera now basically if you
guys don't already know this I have
three vlogging cameras okay and they are
all the exact same camera which is this
thing I'm going to open it up to show
you what it is because that is my number
one question what do you use to record
its this guy's a g7x said it like a
hundred times but there you go again and
I've got three of these so this one in
my hand here the one I'm recording with
here and the last one is actually just
been readied at the repair center
because I had broken it the thing is
guys I don't know if it's me or the
camera but somehow I keep on breaking
them I'm very clumsy I drop the cameras
and they break simple as and the one I
gave in for repair has been fixed after
one month I gave that camera in one
month ago and it's just ready now I'm
not complaining I'm happy to have it
back in the squad of cameras and yeah
that means one more camera in the camera
okay let's go get it before they somehow
misplaced it or something cuz I'm not
waiting another month to get that camera
okay then go mummy mo is now ready to go
out by the way guys do you want to know
what a swegway with no charge sounds
like listen to this you would think that
an explosion is going to happen wait for
it wait for it what is that
okay just give me a headache I'm off why
is it not stopping that is what you call
the dead swegway guys adios
I got stuck in about two hours worth of
traffic on my way here and I made it
here in the last ten minutes
cameras just getting fetched right now
for me from the inside and yeah it looks
fresh as hell guys that is my camera Wow
fresh thank you so much there we go
Belize that one month later my camera is
back now I've got three okay I've got
one dirham in my hand guys and there's
only one thing I'm thinking of doing
with it that's right I'm gonna get
myself a bubblegum let's go all right
please please give me a red one okay how
do you turn this oh jeez that kind of
broke no darn it we got a white one guys
this is like the worst one you can get
at least they could have given me any
color except from white like what the
hell actually tastes pretty nice Hey
hey mommy
thank you thank you fun I got brought in
another she's a good being a fan pretty
clothes and stuff getting mixed in the
gun legacy and place you look upon going
to recommend all I got it doors for my
mind City she alive do it
I like on I still them sees a buddy
channel the struggles of being extremely
sick guys need to get medicine that's
for the daytime that's for the nighttime
this is one of the coolest labs I've
ever seen
the monkeys are holding it
that is epic okay so I'm out with my boy
Warren guys you remember Haven
what's up to the blog he actually wants
to say something in Filipino to you guys
so what's up
then done good be 49 what are we leaving
everyone
oh yeah shallots enough boy anyway
students just arrived you as you can see
got a triple different got some not sure
yeah it is I'm gonna catch you guys
after we eat
hey say hi to the channel what's up
what's up
Napster team get there you always little
tingle anyways our dessert just got here
and it is this delicious molten cake as
you can see boys oh my god that looks
amazing so be my friend I just walk you
around in the mall and these you guys
headphones in his ear but they're no
actually plugged into his phone and in
same you see Allah okay boys so Warren
has been teaching me some Filipino today
he wants the way how'd you say your
beautiful again beautiful means I'm
kinda more and get the more there you go
guys and obviously I love you like from
al-kifah mahal kita your Scott there you
go I love your the world Filipino I'm
missing you shout out to the Filipinos
on watching my blog tell them to
subscribe to me in Philippine okay all
the Filipinos all my friends house
we support let us say in Filipino like
come on you are in big auntie mo blobs
you shut up literally very go home so my
boy esta has actually apparently never
missed the three-pointer and he said
that he's not gonna miss one today so
let's see is this true is this true
a down but that's a cheat you go off the
wheelchair oh that's again boys let's do
this again
alright let's see can you do it a second
time if you do it now I'm gonna be
baffled oh okay it's my turn now if I
miss I'm so bad
hey hey hey
yeah guys future NBA player right here
decided to go outside the cage yeah
outside the cage guys professional right
here yeah oh yeah
sucked guys yeah let's see how you
back-to-back seeking it Percy can he do
it - Oh is he gonna miss anytime soon
I'm done I'm done
there you go boys I I'm just givin up as
a Eddie but that's it
can you do this anybody in the Filipino
NBA you know contact my email address at
our I'll manage warned deal with you
guys okay now that we're done with
basketball were looking at some kicks
they have over here they've actually got
some heat I like these you know I think
I think the color on these is actually
kind of nice I'm up guys peace out
Warren and Esther what up what up
they say guys and went ahead home down
gonna go see where mummy mo is and leave
what I think she said she's next to my
car so yeah anyways look at this car
there's an awesome McLaren I'm not sure
exactly what it's McLaren is but I think
it looks amazing in this gray color well
yeah I had an amazing day so far chillin
with the squad and let's continue let's
go see what mummy is been up to I think
she might not some shopping but knowing
my mom she'd like me she's super patient
and doesn't end up buying anything Hey
look who it is mommy what's up what's up
okay so another home I'm doing something
I should have done about a week ago
which is opening this Samsung s7 edge
which i think is like a new samsung and
yeah i'm just gonna be seeing how it is
I've actually never used Samsung phones
I've always been like an iPhone person
or you know a blackberry person back in
the day but yeah now it's the first time
for me unboxing what I do so let's get
straight into it with my huge knife
which is probably unneeded and see
what's up I don't know I think everybody
actually likes Samsung's more than
iPhone I'm not sure like I use iPhones
all the time but let's see maybe maybe
this video alone will make me convert
from iPhone to Samsung so I'll give you
my thoughts about it like my realistic
thoughts but I think I'll always be an
iPhone person to be honest that's just
me okay so now let's get into a bone
okay so oh okay first thing that I
actually completely forgot because you
know iPhones you don't have any stage to
put external memory I think Samsung as
you do because that is a memory card so
I'm guessing you have an external memory
option on these things okay how do you
open this box
okay okay that's how you do you see you
see like this how you know I get too
many iPhones out I was expecting that
slimy door it still might be ha okay
whoa
that is what you call a fresh bone right
here so let's get it out so hands on
feeding feels like a bone it feels like
a normal phone now I'm not going to take
off any of the plastics but let me show
you how it looks like whoa fresh okay so
I don't even know how to turn this phone
on him yes he let's hold this button and
hope for the best
ah okay we got the phone working now
while that turns on I'm gonna get into
the box let's see what else comes with
this phone so you have something which
looks like the iPhone pin so I think
they've got a similar system and whoa
look at this
they've got purple headphones what that
is extremely cool so they don't have
like plain white ones they've got purple
ones then you have your charging system
and everything like that but now the
phone has officially started so look at
that okay so I just managed to skip
through everything and I'm on the main
phone screen now first things first this
thing is glitching out so I don't know
what to think about that I think I think
he just doesn't recognize my fingerprint
or whatever but my fingerprint are just
my finger think it's about time I took
the plastic off I love doing this by the
way that sound is always so satisfying
to take off the front I felt so good
okay now now let's see I can't you see I
think it recognizes my fingerprint a bit
better now yeah I think it was the
plastic anyway so the thing I'm gonna be
honest I've seen on Samsungs which I
really do like is the camera so let's
take a selfie and see if it does work eh
this camera is so good I'm not gonna lie
there no dictaphone
okay alright boys not going to lie the
one thing that I really like about this
on is the camera look at that bottle
guys you cannot tell me that doesn't
look good but the one thing I really
want to test out on this phone is
apparently this is war resistant or
waterproof I'm not sure I've seen videos
of them putting war on it and I think
for the sake of the vlog my sister's
phone needs to go at risk under war so
you can see if it actually is warfare so
ah I've never put like war on somebody's
phone or even my own phone I'm kind of
nervous doing yeah I know it's war proof
but okay let's see that I think it's
more resistant I'm not sure if that
means waterproof or just like a little
bit of water play yeah let's test this
out if Lana's phone breaks I'm sorry
guys we have we have to test out for the
bloggers real good purpose okay let's go
do it right now
I can't boys here goes nothing I is so
so nervous
the phone is functioning as you can see
and yeah okay mommy well here it get it
it is moment of truth oh I'm so so
nervous right now should I do this
should I do this oh boy okay three two
one oh my god I don't know why I'm so
nervous but so far so good okay phone is
still working
doesn't seem like war is gone anywhere
oh my god should we do that again I
can't one more time and that's it I'm
not playing in my luck too much just
let's do the back side of the phone you
ready let's go proper low Oh
okay photo still working let's just make
sure it's working right three two one
oh okay everything is going around the
place what what I am the back wait the
war actually does stuff to it what okay
no I'm driving the phone for now I'm
never doing that again guys pretty cool
okay anyways always there you go I sir
I've never been so nervous of doing
something like I know the war like the
phone is war resistant but it's
something like you know but you never
tried cuz you don't want to risky right
but I had to do for you guys
ah I I don't know how these phone people
that review phones do on a daily basis
like I would totally crap my pants I'd
be like no way well yeah let's go on
YouTube and actually let's let's try and
play a song or go on YouTube to see how
the audio of this sounds I can't do a
full review I thought show you guys the
headphones that come with this camera
oh there why oh oh my god I thought
there are purple guys okay if you're
kind of weird normally I'm not used to
the ones that go like footy inside your
ear it feels like somebody's like
touching inside my ears
alright okay you know what that's that's
enough of these headphones I guess
they're pretty cool I guess you could
get used to them I think they would stay
in your ear more cuz they go like footy
inside but there you go that has been my
review of the Samsung s7 edge I didn't
do much of a review guys I have no idea
about the phone my sister just got it I
thought I'd show you guys but there you
go anyways everybody I'm gonna wrap up
today's look here I hope you have
enjoyed they also already love you on as
always you know what the deal is be
happy don't let anybody bring you down
could you party your your squad and you
know
that you smart don't forget that y'all
do y'all ready boy
