yo guys today me and my mommy I've taken
over mow blocks channel he's busy
working inside for you guys he's doing a
big video and it's probably gonna be out
before this but me and mommy are gonna
go to the post office to collect your
fan mail so we're looking forward to
that and I hope I can do a good job of
blogging cuz I don't normally do this
but yeah mommy we are gonna be a team oh
yeah I don't I said you said I'm inside
who the hell is holding the camera yeah
I said start the vlog eat have you said
boys inside who the head is only the
camera calm flow this is retorted right
guys this is why she doesn't get to
start blogs like inside he was inside oh
yeah there's a floating camera every
room oh look at Caspar over here my
imaginary friend do this in German can
do Anna
I didn't say say I'm inside honest like
he was actually working on the baby
Mommy was behind you in your almos
inside and the cameras holding itself oh
my god anyways guys know that that is in
trauma leaving that in there oh yeah I'm
sure they know he's working hard my
brother's looking behind this he's gonna
stew jump please shut no shit look no I
just need that to me he knows it peace
out mommy mode go see what post we got
Lambo is switched on and yeah you guys
are gonna be with them take the camera
blog duties are with you
I hope I can blog for you guys
I'm not very good at it and
yeah go before I repeat mess up so many
times all right mommy let's go oh sorry
I need to drive up for mommy okay guys
one second all right so I got my
favorite musings on which I guys made I
made you guys playlist for so yes I love
this song let's go mommy
here mommy you can take over there sorry
can't pop my console oh sorry okay good
so guys you finally arrived to the post
office let's go there we go guys alright
wow so many slips guys like a lot of
flip oh my gosh thank you guys
yes that's it I can guys we finally
collected all the mail and we're gonna
head home looking forward to opening
these so you can see we've got a quite a
bit today as well
was going to be pretty excited so he's
really working hard at home right now
guys I was bit worried about not being
able to fit
surely PDF in a box
yeah
oh yeah Oh
part tomorrow
that I don't know
snatcher a zombie
then we need to get like a mail bag
every time we go it's like a look so
pull together
I mean you can't know the man we're
gonna drop them see what moves up to
guys okay WOM it open the door
whoa blogs welcome to my friend y'all
welcome to my crib I'm in my pajamas I
wasn't ready for the cameras but you
know we always camera me out here that
was enough I thought you guys are going
to go get like a million boxes again oh
okay yeah I get I get it damn man I have
it again with guys we haven't even
heated up yesterday's thank you feel
like it's I think this house is going to
become my toys today this is going to be
like a better imagine like this whole
room you know I get these every group
yeah but my room is clean for a change
on the other didn't was showing my way
whatever this is
okay I'm not doing that anymore
yeah and there's guys we'll catch you
guys soon want some camera Reggie's old
piece I'm gonna go to my makeup
are your glasses on
so you guys can probably tell since we
lost vlog which was in the morning and
it's been like a good five or six hours
I'm gonna be honest I was so so busy
today editing I apologize but I put on
some fresh clothes this is why I bought
yesterday put on my watch that one if
you gave me in the fan mail and I'm
ready to go out with swag so I'm sorry
I've really really sorry guys there was
no way I could blog my editing it was
way too boring and you guys don't want
to see that but now me and my mole we
ready to go out who's gonna rock the
streets of Dubai guys by the way the
video I was editing today is the one
where he drove the Bugatti so if you
haven't seen that already took me like
six hours to edit that thing together
there are so many clips and the video
turned out awesome
I loved it personally I hope you guys
did is all and yeah if you haven't
watched it link to that would be at the
top of the description okay let's go out
I'm blabbering on too much like I feel
I've got so much energy to put out
something sing at home the whole day so
let's go explore to buy I think we need
the torch to it super dark outside okay
guys I actually think a torch would be
an amazing idea
oh wait where's the new torch okay that
that's not it the hell is it here ah
there we go now that's what you call a
torch it's so late we have to go out
with a torch guys oh boy guys we
definitely need a torch mommy open the
door imagine somebody's outside I swear
I'll get so scared okay nobody's outside
nobody is outside imagine imagine using
this as a vlog light guys I'd be way too
bright you can't even see my face mommy
come come you know you need a vlog light
you know what this looks like
you know when somebody's like wanted for
something and they're like where were we
put your hands up in there your hands up
in the air
alright let's go let's turn on the car
pretty loud store up my station so loud
I think something sounds broken in that
engine right let's turn on the music
something definitely sounds broken in
this car I don't care I've got my
warranty by the way guys nothing beats
the divide view at night take a good
look at that Wow
the building's just look remarkable over
here stunning stuff stunning stuff is
this a new song from Drake Hey Drizzy
back with them songs yeah by the way I'm
so excited for his album guys I can't
Drizzy Drake does not drop albums like
often so you know when they come you
have to be happy for it hey Drake is
back on them singing songs I ain't even
rapping I should quite like his singing
so you just laid it over to our
destination guys and I've actually never
showed you this bridge even though it's
super cool like okay you might be
thinking this is another bridge so
basically there's this really famous
bridge in Dubai it's a blue bridge you
guys will see me go there but this is
not the one this is a different one but
it's also got like these blue lights all
the way around if you can see that like
all the way around it and it actually
looks really really cool like I don't
know why I've never videoed it because I
I thought I'd showed you one blue bridge
but I think this one looks unique in its
own way look at that it's huge
talk about perfect timing everybody we
made it as soon as the market closed
like look these are the shops these
things you see over here like they've
just literally closed um and I don't
think we can actually do anything else
except from what are you gonna look at
closed shops there's that one or two
open that one's open okay so I'm in the
game section right now guys and
basically the game which you're looking
at right now like I always wanted to
play this game but it's practically
impossible to win but I actually have a
different idea I'm gonna test out and
see if I can win everybody throws the
Rings one by one but I want to see if
you chop the bucket at it will it like
let you win cuz this game is pretty much
impossible if you go at one mile and
look at it guys like you can throw a
hundred pieces and it's just literally
never gonna land on it so I'm gonna test
my hypothesis right now and see if this
actually works okay
time to play the game boys let's see if
we can actually win this impossible game
okay I win this game
I'm gonna go half a buck yeah my god hi
guys first time was a fail okay alright
guys I've got you five more let's go one
by one I get my money you take the rest
you take the rest okay boys mommy Moe's
gonna try out the last four if you win
this I swear that is some lucky stuff
now this game is impossible guys there's
no way alright well that didn't work out
alright so there you go boys do not
throw the whole bucket cuz you are not
wearing it you said pretty much nobody
wins by doing that I guess people have
tried that means all right boys that is
probably the last time I'm coming to
this gaming section again the only thing
I've actually ever wanted to try was
what I just did apart from that I know
I'm gonna lose everything else so yeah
that was a great learning curve for me
to be honest I could have probably do
good something else doing it but I had
to try for myself they've got this
little marketplace thing going on in the
middle of JBL we're taking a look
over here my mom's looking at some rings
and stuff as you can see but I wanted to
show you some cool shirts they have over
there there's like a panda shirt and
stuff like that so let's go check it out
look at this guy's this reminds me of
you know the Panda song and they've got
like a minion shirt and stuff like that
which is really cool I'll look at that
straight out of Dubai so I'm still
looking around in this market place but
I found this really cool stand which has
like these gorgeous art pieces these are
actually made out of leather if you can
see that I know that's crazy right and
everything here like this is all leather
that's been I don't know handcrafted
into place and stuff but while I thought
this was really unique I've actually
never seen something like the things
here but yeah wow this is actually
pretty awesome we're going to take a
look around the whole place but loads of
cool things are going on over here which
I had no idea about so yeah that's
actually cool they also got a Burj
Khalifa made out leather I swear this is
the type of stuff I like around here
like they've got so many cool things I
I'm a fan of just like unique and cool
things and that's what you're finding in
this market place like awesome awesome
stuff I think my mom wants to get this
hat guys it makes you look like the
Queen I'm just gonna say that it's very
posh I don't know it depends where
you're gonna wear it is it gonna be like
a summer hat Beach I'll go for this like
if it's a fancy place I'd go for that
yeah hey what's up gonna be on the vlog
hey what's up man how are you
by the way shout out to my boy Curtis
which I just met over here I actually
want to show you his shoes cuz he's got
some dope kicks over here they actually
change color I try and turn them a
little so they can see like whoa that
sides purple when it changes in light
but awesome seeing you man and dope
swegway okay so I'm trying on these
shoes guys you know basically them LED
light-up shoes I saw them over here I
thought I'd give them a try to have a
bigger size oh it's too tired the front
they look nice they don't like the easy
they have my size I just so guys I just
tried on you know them LED light-up
shoes as you saw and they didn't have my
slides but they look so cool like look
look at these the thing is the ones I
tried look like Newsies like they look
like Gigi's with lights which looks
super awesome but unfortunately they
don't have my size maybe next time guys
but I think I really need to get an LED
parachutes because I just actually love
how they look they look so so dull guys
look at this this is what my favorite
shoe looks like so any of you know where
to get a huge size of these like I think
they mainly come in kids sizes but I
really loved them so yeah let me know
where I can get like an adult size easy
light option so we're gonna head on home
now but before we do mommy most don't
like to get her favorite bread over here
I don't know why she likes this so much
got it
let's go I've actually never been down
this place and I have no idea what it is
it's kind of just always been here mommy
please come with me what is it my mom
says it's a parking
no why would something up please please
please come with me okay guys I'm gonna
go explore it just for you guys my mom
says it's the parking but it's so John
its dark guys like this is creepy this
is a little creepy oh my god oh my god
what the hell is this place
what the hell
oh my god okay money that's definitely
not the parking that I'm not getting
guys I don't care
it's so dark over that is not a place
for me my mom didn't even come with me
like I'm not going there alone that no
okay
they came back to the blue bridge guys
we going home it's actually a nice like
you know them days that you come out and
you really appreciate it like because
you've been home the whole day that's
how I feel today like I've literally
been sitting at home editing the whole
day so this little outing session has
made me feel really good my mom on the
other hand she's just been eating her
bread the whole way here so I think it
might actually need to be the time when
I start changing up my phone case
because I've literally chucked this on
and don't get me wrong it's a beautiful
case thank you for the guy who said it
in about like four months ago this was
ages ago but I just forget to change it
and I've got so many cases upstairs let
me go to show you my phone cases because
all of them are from you guys and I
think I need to like use them all so
yeah let's go and change out okay here
we go
Moe's room Wow okay so these are the
phone cases guys so these are the four
we got yesterday
okay those four go there and if you look
in my cupboard there should be some more
there they are
oh yeah phone case heaven right here Wow
look at all of these bone cases you have
custom ones we have fan-made ones over
here the sticky one and a load more so
yeah this is like a phone case Factory
I think I might put any meanie miney moe
pick a toddler by the toe eeny meeny
miny moe I pick you alright that is guys
yeah okay we're gonna slip out to this
next up it's going to be that tomorrow
so I'm gonna try and change it every day
one reason why I barely ever change my
phone case is it's extremely hard to get
these things out like they are so so
hard it's like you almost have to break
the case to get it off like ah I promise
this case is going on Wow I actually
went on really easily so
yeah this is going to be backbone case
for maybe maybe let's keep on for a week
and then change it back to this white
one for the next week that is the plan
so I was actually supposed to do this
like before yesterday but this and this
are packets that Ahmed Ali and Hussein
gave me now those are the guys on the
day of the Bugatti drive and they kindly
gave me money for the money collection
this is Ahmed I think so gonna open this
up and let's see what currency he gave
me I actually forgot what he told me so
let's see oh ok so he gave me money from
Tanzania this is actually a first I
think guys I don't think I've ever
actually had money from Tanzania so
thank you so much Ahmed I appreciate
that he also gave me stickers of Dubai
plate numbers I think this might be for
Lana because Lana loves the number 7 if
you guys don't know it's actually a
favorite number so I appreciate it a lot
man this is actually pretty quick I
think they're study stickers I'm not too
sure but yeah thanks a lot for this
Tanzanian currency I'm going to
definitely add this to the collection of
currencies next up it's Ali and the
Saints layer that they gave me so
there's money from Kenya and Tanzania
near sir thank you guys so much
by the way we could sing you all this is
pretty cool ok so this is the note from
Tanzania which looks different to this
note so ok I've got two dots from
Canadian ow my got the 1000 and the 5000
so thank you guys so so much and
secondly this note is from Kenya okay
damn Han look at that that I she looks
very very cool on this side I'm not sure
what we have there oh it looks like
camels with like these things on their
backs and like two elephant horns
anyways also awesome stuff Thank You Ali
Hussein and Ahmed for the notes anyways
guys I think I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog here I hope you have enjoyed but
yes they also
everybody loved you oh don't forget if
you ever want to be happy just be happy
that did not make any sense well yeah
Yolo goodbye
