yo yo everyone good morning how are you
all doing starting my day with a cup of
tea and some muffins which my mum
prepared for me so thank you mummy
wow these muffins are should really
delicious it's just like my third one
not joking right I meant so me that you
got a wrapper there a wrapper there and
a wrapper here I just I need to lay down
on the muffins
anyways got a lot of things to do today
to catch up on I haven't been to the
central post office in like three weeks
and I think I need to do that today if I
get the time to clear there's a lot to
do so once I finish eat in we'll start
doing some stuff today ready to go why
is mommy wearing all pink today today is
the pink day boys pink it's actually
really hot I have no idea guys but
somehow we ran into a miracle there was
no traffic at all on a side road and
when I say this is a miracle I mean
there's traffic every single day and
it's a weekend and somehow there's no
traffic oh my god we made it here on
time somehow my mallanna's Lana doesn't
come here often it's not only me a mummy
holy moly the hell is this this is the
size of my body hey guys hey guys I'm
not kidding you like this this is like a
house inside this box and my sister has
boxes like an army more you could you
could just put a hand right now oh my
god guys what the hell is all of this
stuff I did not expect this much we
never got a box this big hi
let's go home I think we have a lot to
open today soon we're gonna need to have
a bigger car this is filled up to the
top oh my god I closed the
if you came with a lamb but that was no
space literally no space okay fan mail
has just leveled up so before we
actually had off home and opened the
mail we decided to come over to the mall
maybe to have like a meal they've got a
minion over here
hey let's remind control minion we've
come over to the shoe selling section of
the mall and there's like a huge shoe
selling place but I thought I'd show you
this cool thing they have in the middle
like I never understand this guy's like
why do they put shoes in bird cages like
it literally looks like that but
actually there's really fancy and stuff
I don't even know what that is but I'm
guessing that's the brand y'all really
have to touch this Oh Oh anyways let's
go I actually want to show you one store
because they have like Jordans and stuff
like that which I like so let's head
over the thing is about this specific
section where they sell shoes guys like
all of the expensive brands are here
like you can probably tell by the way
the whole place is designed and
decorated what's up oh it looks like
like a wedding type thing
oh okay you go you go do investigation
what's up
what is that really what that makes
sense now crazy young oh my god are we
supposed to be here I don't they were
doesn't be here I thought they were
those of years quickly before they kick
us out oh my god imagine like with your
whole wedding dress and stuff
Thanks so cool yo yo you're getting in
my way yo what's up so what's up we
trying our wedding shoes today babe babe
babe what us all right this is why they
kick us out please
yeah I love the beers I like a triple
marry here is like you it makes the
experience of getting married even more
like cool I so when you getting married
brah all right soon cops soon come guys
you see she said she wants hot and so
you know just expect expect longer
married soon that's it all right
you're the one who said it you're like
it makes it good so that means something
good should happen soon you know okay I
feel like those shoes in the middle are
super expensive because they're in a
glass guys and they have lamps on them
so yeah don't think I can touch them are
you done let's go damn bridal shoes
guys don't ask me why they made this
shoe this is just ridiculous it looks
like you're putting your foot in
feathers what it how does it feel it's
actually actually feels bad though I
think it itch my foot and itchy look
what the hell is I putting your foot
twigs I don't know why my sister
actually loves the shoes they have a
Christian Louboutin like I personally
don't really care I'm not like a huge
fan or anything I don't hate them but
I'm not a huge fan either but yeah she's
just been looking at them okay trying to
make the yo Scott get you some oh oh
yeah guys I can only get me these ones
on it okay Brad does my bank account
look like it's not in - right now I I'm
in debt guys right now to myself as well
sure what's your size though like you
know yeah so you heard that guys if
there's any like anybody working at
Christian Lucas I pick her up not me
like I'm not a big fan as I said like I
don't mind you guys still can us 11 over
here but I doubt anybody wants to send
me anything anyways
what too late why not like but brother
look at all my sister chose out this is
called I'm gonna kick you and hurt you
shoe damn that's a weapon brah that's
actually a weapon what the hell if you
kick someone they're gonna die God are
these even legal are these street legal
there you go that's a weapon for Lana
yeah yeah you're not happy asshole just
a Boomer okay we keep on getting held up
a different shoe stores but they're just
one shoe store in particular I want to
show you I know this is looks really
cool guys look at that it's like a
random door is open pull it pull it
okay don't put it down pull it this is
the only store over here which I
actually like because they sell shoes
that I would actually wear I look
they've got all the Jordans over here
yes my man Russia got me those yo yeah I
don't know it to be a site you know what
I'd love them to sell like Yeezy here
but let me show you guys what I'd like
something like this this is this is my
cup of tea look at that that that's what
I like guys look at these the easy 750s
these are not uses I'm John just kidding
I yeah I'm kidding but they look very
similar to the EZ basically they usually
has this strap it only looks a bit
different like the uses is like more
like upwards yeah I know it looks super
cool right and apparently these are
super comfortable no it's very light
like you feel the shoe how light is
and they've got a girls one Wow
but yeah guys this is the only story I
actually liked look what they have in
the middle of the ice cream over here
today I think this has been around for a
while but is I like a snow fight pit I
don't even know this I love the snow
pools in the middle you guys can see
that what is that do you think they just
put the kids in there and then just say
fight and it is I want to buy a shirt
today
and I always come out to buy something I
never end up doing it and I'm stuck with
no extra shirts off of my shirts but
you've seen every single one of them
which I feel bad about because I can't
wear something new on the vlog let's go
see if I can find anything
thank you boys so I finally found myself
a shirt I'm going to go for this like
plain white and gray shirt
I tried it only because the changing
room was super busier than the share
it's basically like a super plain
t-shirt like I always go for plain shirt
that's why I like play let's grab this
and go home I'm the most impatient shop
forever like I just grabbed something I
want to get out cuz I call me mother to
like look around too much by the way I'm
not sure you guys remember like I don't
know why i have a blog dish aquarium in
a long time yeah this is the aquarium in
dubai mall it's actually the biggest
aquarium in the world i think they
actually do like scuba diving in that
aquarium guys and that's scary I sure
I'm scared of like swimming around like
sharks and stuff like that guys guys
guys whoever does these advertising ways
like who the hell is thoughtful ice
cream cones on I don't know look at that
it's a strawberry dip Chuck
not gonna lie I am seriously really
tired so I'm just saying like these
escalators man any type seats sometimes
I just appreciate the makeup stores that
actually have a seat like the ones that
don't I don't like you guys like you
know the guys you want to sit down so
please for my one Caesar this bitch has
to so thank you thank you this place
having you see it's good my sister she
can literally move around in these
makeup source for like an hour
by the way what is that I don't even
know like it's like a random decoration
let's go around Donna Donna Donna what
the N are these my knees I'm you doodles
what there that is creepy that is
awesome
Wow look at these things guys I think
they're like little handbags and stuff I
don't even know but whoa you've got so
many makeup things they're here yep
wouldn't mind if I do guys this could be
my eyebrows my eyebrows on fleek boys
I don't think anybody wants to use this
anymore that you just brush your
eyebrows upwards and outwards you guys
yeah this is my daily routine at home to
make my eyebrows look perfect I just
brush them after about five hundred
stores layer she finally kind of found
her makeup position yeah but instead one
of them unavailable so we got into the
lip liner thank you
yeah hey there you go oh boy guys oh boy
finally time to eat yeah what's up
what's up over here wow this is so bad
for me guys kids do not have chicken
every single day that's not good for you
okay boys we finished eating now it's
time for dessert it's time for dessert
oh my god are these full no it's empty
bro this is fake yeah it's a coin thing
look what Lana found they have trolleys
and what you dude these no that's like
pointless du Pilat with chocolate the
chocolate shopping I put your little
chocolate pieces in there by the way
guys look at look at this look at this
once broken considered sold if you break
it you buy it
yo guys basically my sister didn't want
much and they're gonna give her one for
free
guys guys guys look they gave her a free
sample she was I only won one okay you
can have a sample that was legitness
dude all right there's two oh my god
but we got to free her she's did I go to
be like you know I just wanted one man I
just wanted wonder I just wanted that
one kiss okay yeah we got free chocolate
I don't know I want chocolate and now
when does store a store what's the
smallest spot and then they were like
odds ran out
oh I just wanted one all right let's go
home man what's up
no I don't buy anything we got free
stuff man who pays for stuff around yeah
well damn son guys what this this is the
biggest size that's huge
imagine one day the Mustang is too small
for the fan girl will you divide a truck
yeah what I'm gonna do and I know you
guys are gonna hate me for this we're
gonna leave the two big packages at the
bottom and we're gonna open the top
three okay so you date them too and I
think we should just add this one in
there you know just just as a little
bonus so let's take that turn amell time
session let's start recording boys
what's in the box my Rose already
looking look at her man Bobby calm down
calm down we'll get there first office
there is a little bit of a mistake in
some of the custom and obviously they
opened it and they were like
you wanna double check what's inside and
obviously was wrong number written and
they took out something with a book for
mommy more its energy so it said mommy
mom this and she was like oh
mommy has targeted that pisses
is why we're opening it lost there's
something inside I let us do this boys
see that's why she's so excited she
knows a gift for her so guys time to do
a family mellow opening so the order of
the baptism tell me this verse the
second this third because my boys wait
to open that so let's get into this what
about mine I think this is for you if
I'm not mistaken salty decides to sleep
right yeah he's sleeping in the middle
of the middle of a room free my lord I
promise it easy whoa Rob thank you for
the iPhone cases
and bam I wasn't called $1 look at that
that is so many oh this one you want
this one I guess you can take that one
thank you John for setting one of that
in and he sat near $1 and some like
screen protectors and stuff like that so
I appreciate my man cool cases all right
let's move on I'm actually pretty happy
about that because I love my phone cases
by the way next up we have this huge
packet it says snacks from Japan so yeah
oh okay hi whole family over I moved to
Japan about a year and a half ago and
I'm your biggest fan
again you inspired me by your great
personality I take the letter I'm going
to go through the snacks thank you offer
for these snacks I appreciate a man what
you got so many snacks
watch over thank you for all of these
snacks do they even have that Walbert
thank thank you so much for letting me
keep you my diet y'all what the hell are
you trying to do to me I'm not trying
this what I've been looking around for
something like story being inside
chocolate oh my god okay you want the
box you have to come up into the blog
with the box look at look at this guy's
he's still ripping the box he's still
ripping it I keep all this they're just
not gonna do anything but thank you so
much you appreciate it I don't even know
what this is it looks like sweet corn
for this is sweet corn done it's time
what happened on the one my mom has been
killing herself to open so
first president here is for Lana says
long on there so yeah
there you go there you for mom alright
there goes mommy Bo's you are waiting
for this moment for hours you should not
have to take to home with your gift okay
hey listen this is the box this is the
box here you go
what is it Wow - such a beautiful
bracelet oh my God look at that bracelet
guys it's a Michael Kors bracelet and it
just looks so so elegant wow thank you
so much that is beautiful mommy that's
awesome
check out the bracelet oh my god flex on
a mummy both black sauna
there you go your weight was worth it
mommy
you're scored for life we out here bye
let's move on now next up we have
Lourdes package guys so I'm sorry Lana
Rosa's has been opened
it's jittery guys look at that it's from
a jewelers are you guys ready to see
what's in this Wow okay love it come on
right now time to see what is on so gosh
it you still got wha this is gorgeous oh
my God look so yellow gun thanks
gorgeous show the look is so beautiful
oh my god Thanks
guys take a look at that oh my god is
that like a yellow diamond they can't
really see it that well but oh my gosh
please
I'm dancer Wow guys check this out it's
gorgeous
that is just amazing guys thank you so
so much for that appreciate it and now
it's time for Moloch again okay I just
started opening it guys it's a Ferrari
oh my god no you did it oh my god damn
Daniel okay I'm so excited to open this
oh I love Ferrari watches oh my I really
want to thank you because you watched my
blog because I actually went to buy a
Ferrari watch like this and I never end
up getting it so thank you so so much ah
oh my god wait focus oh my god okay guys
look at that watch yeah okay guys guys
gone I'm trying to show you guys my
watch and they're trading gifts already
like let me let me just grab your yeah
let me just take that money she's
stealing her gift she is stealing
already solemn let me just try it out
right now anyways guys your boys wrist
game is on fleek I feel bad for mommy
MOOC is that that might just go missing
some house she's already taking it off
the mail time video what
that's the excuse anyways thank you so
so much I'm and appreciate all the gifts
from all of you today's mail time has
been insane and how those only three of
the packages so yeah and they stay also
ready I love you all my risque more
bleak you best believe that I'm putting
an Instagram PO flexing with this watch
right now and yeah still so everybody
love you on yellow Yolo boy
