oh she's stealing Oh Lana stealing mada
stealing oh yo yo yo everyone welcome to
another special vlog so today's Mother's
Day I know we did this a couple of days
ago but today is the main Mother's Day
we're actually heading out now to just
go have a great day
so you guys gonna come to the ride I'm
still getting used to my haircut it
looks really different because it's
really short on the sides anyways let's
get headed and go explore hey yo yo guys
there's like two massive bees outside
I'm not sure if you can see that no way
I can go in it oh okay I like those are
massive it what are those things did you
see that they were cute I don't know if
the blog caught them but they were like
that big yeah they're just good they
were like attacking you guys I hear take
the vodka through the vents or something
have you guys seen that movie where like
oh the Beast comes in Avengers yeah
anyways let's head out to this place
that this is not a norm I just saw them
out where does I yeah that's not normal
in fact oh my god
I'll hide behind more efficient oh the
guys I'm not that horrible but I just my
mom is not afraid of insects like okay
let me call you to the restaurant guys
it's this place called studio master
it's a super awesome like Egyptian based
restaurant we're gonna go inside and
some d awesome is coming actually to be
us here so you're going to be in once
we're inside
fine look who joined us today guys Ross
head is back buddy
pigs and we're having some absolutely
delicious dinner here look at the star
over here it's just amazing and we've
got like my favorite bread you know the
ones I like okay you know I'm sorry I'm
taking my one straightaway but the ones
which I've liked a lot Erin them which
are really cool the place is cool what
is it cool it's cool studio master
that's what we're having it Wow I love
the presentation of this star anyways
where's Lana did you go to the toilet
okay anyways I'm gonna get in I'm
awaiting I'm too hungry oh my god check
this out guys look at the kebab how it
goes my sister just got back you see it
it's like a mix everything okay they're
so amazing
anyways talking guys that's the star
that you missed while you're out there
yo oh my God look at that desert it's
like a huge ice cream sundae that is
madness guys
what is it is biscuits yo hold it next
to you just so you can see how big is I
straight up if you're really heavy yeah
because that is amazing hi everybody
fight now we have to fight to get the
hearts you want now that's delicious
that is amazing
yeah what are you using let's dig a bit
and use guys rocket is heading out now
de Vere and Starla Kat has blacked out
Cadillac mosquitoes man
awesome seeing you and yeah peace out
anyways guys we just finished eating wow
the food over there was absolutely true
I loved the dessert I'm such a dessert
person but let's hop into my car my bad
boy you guys seem to not like me saying
bad boy to car so I'm not gonna do that
anymore look at that bad boy
we switched our location right now in
the divine rule basically my sister
looks like another running head sense I
go around you're here so that's what
we're looking for right now she's being
really picky with that my she wants one
that doesn't go in your here but goes
around it so weird I know I think we've
just been here struggling to find
heroine my mom's ears are looking around
but I don't know how she can't find it
with all of this selection like if it
was just me I pick in like five seconds
check this out guys I got a little
projector thing over here I love
projected you see it right there
projecting in then if I put my hand down
well let's let's act like we've got like
a little animal poor poor poor poor
projectors are so cool I love them okay
mommy calm down
you can let block out her face whoa
about four shots later she's still
trying headsets guys let's just hope
that she finds on eventually
my physic my sister's trying out that
I'll great testing yeah great testing
buddy great testing you could work for
this place is it it's very secure
okay this cuz it's got that inside like
shape like that
what is that room what is this room oh
okay as a whole theater demonstration
wow look at this yeah they've got a
proper cinema in years oh that is
awesome
mummy mo bought out the cinema you know
it actually looks like an empty cinema
you know that okay now guys didn't you
know here my private cinema over here
now that's how it goes
everybody's looking at us mugging like
what's up on a close the door like the
dogs pillow I sister just found out
there was a private cinema in here go
watch the movie go watch it basically
some home speaker system hi Casey
fine you boys also had bones they were
these ones by the way just so you're
wondering he's nowhere in the air ones
where she was testing them out so she
did purchase them so now she has a new
running at bones well I like the bag the
bag is oh yeah good luck that's not
gonna boost any Sun anyways I think we
need a a tour of that until we went to
the fear huh they can turn it on we're
gonna go experience the private theater
room guys it's only because she bought
something were a lot to do I'm kidding
mommy this VIP treatment
we get the special VIP treatment guys
just in the Black Widow she normally the
back seats are the more expensive ones
Thanks thank you
movie shy television images your screen
hopefully experience fun unsound
Oh
okay we're kind of bored so we're just
gonna open the door yes let's go we can
come out absolutely early leaving the
cinema early so you've come into this
bookstore guys and look at these
bookmarks they have they look so cool no
we've got a shark trying to kill Nemo
here what is this this is like the
Chinese dragon Wow
there's the load more so they all look
so awesome in a frog you wanna ribbet
ribbet ribbet better awesome oh look
what you found guys there's like a whole
section of these little statue things
this isn't really nice look at that wow
it's pretty expensive 3,000 IRMS yeah I
know the detail and he sees Amanda they
put so many of these by the way like
there's lines and lines at this time
y'all this girl has got the biggest legs
I've ever seen here
she's hit the gym bruh what the Frog
died you see that like she's got proper
like what abdominal muscles looking cool
that leg muscle I just showed my sister
PewDiePie's book okay and the first page
I open guys he is a boss I don't even
care bad he is a boss that is so funny I
prayed for beauty at work
Wow let's open another random page okay
pewdiepie calm down look like what it
look at that page why you swear at me
brofist booty brofist kiss the brofist
booty I'll give it to my fans it close
that is so cool that is so awesome
relationship goals that salsa it's cool
try it
guys there's a head massager because I
can relax it
that's awesome they look so cool oh look
at them guys
it's rakul right my mom's getting a
massage chair is it nice
well the proper see it moving here's oh
wow look at the bowl yo we're trying out
these massage chairs right now this was
weird
oh oh are you feeling what I'm feeling
right now
look at my back my back is like getting
rubbed up I've actually never had a foot
massage how does it feel
is it yeah spa day yo oh my god that's
so cool thank you look at it
it's in there like it's worthless
by the way guys my mom is having a full
spa day over there as well anyways guys
who just finished up at that store last
how you get spa day for free just go to
the store sell in the massage chair it's
actually really cool I my feet feels so
weird now oh she's stealing olana
stealing mother stealing
Oh guys basically you enter a shop and
the security thing went off we just
realized inside it has a security tag
who she's stealing
oh she's constantly look at what they
have over here this string what it's
like this huge chair and it's gotta bend
I know but that's the designer they were
like broken chairs under there as well
that is really cool y'all flex on them
real quick flex on her he's assuring her
that you won't fall it alright that's
great
Jonna snap it they were done over here
so today we did so much in the mall and
we went to a spa for free we went to a
cinema for free yeah no today was
cheapskate day everything was legit just
free oh my god that was awesome it's
awesome catching up with Russian as well
man that was really cool
oh my god we just got home and I was on
this leg way and I accidentally knocked
all the cat food on the floor I
oh my god it somehow flipped the whole
cup upside down yeah I know it's my job
I'm sorry I'm sorry now that we're home
my mom bought us some watermelon you
guys know what water melone is it's good
Malone and that's what they call it on
the Internet by the way look bubbles is
completely staring at this word manners
I I want sir
I want a little older business all right
yeah can you do it nicely no I want a
nice pattern okay what are you doing
retarded idea but you just don't want to
see a retarded specimen as
oh did she know what she's doing oh she
be careful at least what the hell you
can shove your finger off me that's dish
what the hell you going through the
knife is coming home
what type of retarded cutting is this
guy's got a way to do it I can do it
look at these guys Oh Oh straight line
straight please guys look at this
straight line she put like a Harry
Potter scar in the middle of this
watermelon and look what what do you
call this guys what do you go what did
you try and make a sword like what is
this the handle down is that oh yeah
thank you for the rest of it I don't
want it anymore you you can eat that
what the hell is that
so you either give me a skinny little or
like a whole chunk you can keep the
bazooka I'm taking this no have it I
don't even want anymore order to go my
name is Nadia
I am a blogger or your no no no no all
right watch this guy's what the hell
guys that is a raw piece of chicken
right there
they stuck to the chair before and
today's look I've got better talking to
you guys to do I want to tell you about
some stuff that's coming up so tomorrow
I'm actually gonna go for a movie which
is not special for a lot of people but
I've been for a movie in a long time and
it's actually gonna be for the Batman vs
Superman premiere yeah your boy is going
I got some tickets I don't know how but
they invited me down to do that so yeah
I'm going to be watching that but yeah
as always stay awesome everybody I love
you all positivity
foldaway Jana Jana goodbye already
