yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today's vlog is not starting out the
best to be honest
basically the bird we tried to save
yesterday is no longer alive he actually
died last night there was really a
strong possibility he wasn't going to
live because he was very badly injured
but we're gonna go and bury him now so I
thought that's the least we could do for
him we've got the fork and yeah let's go
okay so we thought the best place to
bury this guy would be under this stone
so bubbles doesn't dig him up and it
kind of can be like a tombstone for him
you know I can take take both the stones
actually there we go hello that's good
I just comedy comedy mommy this is gonna
break its plastic no don't worry we got
it and you know we need to go deeper
than just this so that's why I need
something Vikki to speak we've got a
spoon now to quicken things up you maybe
we need to wash that spoon off there
done Anna here take mo it you don't use
your hands please okay so if you see
that in my sister's hand we're at birdie
with a tissue and we're just about to
bury him now so that is where his
tombstone is gonna be the Oh birdie rest
in peace and yeah as I said guys
unfortunate situation stuff like this
happens in nature all the time we're
just gonna dig him up now so yeah okay
there goes birdie everybody as you can
see that's his little tombstone that we
made for him rest in peace poor guy rest
in peace Jenna put the stone on top of
him
so water on the first pick
is I think that was secure oh okay all
right
oh what a way to start the day just for
the last thing of today we're adding a
little flower for birdie guys oh look at
it are you really excited to have a bird
oh there we go
rest in peace I know the yoga squad are
praying for you as well all right sound
good all right bye bye little guy
anyways guys that was not the best way
to start today's vlog but stuff like
this happens and oh yeah dude just move
forward I guess for birdie he was going
to be in pain like if he survived so
maybe it was meant to be maybe it was
meant to be anyways let's not let that
affect us badly today let's just move on
with the day and just have our prayers
with that little guy I know it's like
just a bird and some people like oh it's
just a bird but every living animal
deserves their own prayers I guess okay
let's go for a little ride guys I need
to talk to you guys so I want to talk to
you guys about something that I've been
thinking about a lot today and basically
let me give you a rundown of it so if
you guys don't know I played this one
game called League of Legends it's an
online game and there's a streaming
service called twitch where people like
me see how I make youtube videos
imagine gamers do something similar but
they livestream them playing a game and
this one guy I watch recently got
permanently banned off the website now
too far into perspective what that means
that is like me saying that I'm
permanently banned from YouTube and it's
just been on my mind so much now that
streamer himself scooped gross score
suddenly I watch a lot to be honest I
think the only person I watch because I
really enjoy the person's like attitude
and stuff he's extremely funny but
that's not the point of why I'm saying
this but it made me think like damn not
like a tenday man a permanent ban and
the reason I'm telling you guys this is
I could not imagine me myself getting
banned from
and you guys may not realize it but for
people like us we make youtube videos or
stream YouTube to me is more than just a
hobby or anything it's our life pretty
much like we've spent so many hours like
making videos like on a daily basis and
I really felt like I felt a lot of
sympathy for the guy personally I love
his dream so I'm gonna miss them a lot
but yeah what I want to do or all I want
to say is guys you really need to
appreciate the things you have around
you like personally I couldn't think
about what I do without YouTube and you
guys like daily supporting my videos and
stuff and yeah like I really appreciate
it but on the other hand I do want to
say basically never take anything you
have for granted and if you lose it try
and lose for it because I know for the
guy it's probably going to be a really
hard time moving forward like even if I
lost my YouTube channels you best
believe I'm going to be depressed for at
least a week but it's always important
not to like just get hold up about
something and move forward so yeah man I
thought I'd share that with you guys
because I found it like extremely sad
maybe because I personally make videos
and I couldn't imagine it happening to
me but yeah guys appreciate anything you
have anything because it's not always
going to be there
just like if you're somebody watching
this video you have some sort of device
to watch it like there's people that
don't even have that so yeah anyways the
final thing I want to say before I head
out today is I love you guys all and
thank you for supporting this channel
cuz when stuff like this happens like I
just realized how much more like you
guys are part of my life
and yes I thanks for all the support
whoa I need to do more talking with you
guys on skateboarding cuz I'm sweating a
lot anyways just got home
YouTube video successfully uploaded so
yeah you can get to heading out now
Lego okay boys quickly changed
oh geez bubbles oh my god he scared me
so bad bubbles what are you doing
outside you guys do not realize how much
that scared me
anyways as I was saying just heading out
my friend right now oh my god bumpers
just gave me the fright of my life and
I'm not sure you guys know him SR the
guy with the me about gonna head out
with him go to like Dubai Mall and yeah
just hang out I'm not sure if we're
meeting anybody else you might be so
yeah let's go
okay so I just made it with my boy essa
over here and I had to give you guys a
tour of this I ate because it is looking
mean as hell right now look they've got
a blue and black I ate over here and I
can just just look at the door off this
thing guys I'm actually gonna go sit
inside it I thought it'd be super hard
again but apparently like this edge
actually makes it easier to slide into
the car but not gonna lie this my first
time in an i8 and I just I just love the
view you get look at this car guys like
when you switch it on like you see all
of these section like the lights turn on
and everything it looks super super cool
but yeah wow I'm actually in love with
this car because this also a four-seater
car like okay the back seats don't have
as much room as obviously like a bigger
car it's like my Mustang like my Mustang
super tight as well but still like in
case of emergency you can fit two people
in it and are the color of this car to
do this this is the main thing guys what
you see when you sit in and you're just
hop out oh look at this guys like it's
so far to get out I mean get your really
nice shot of this I ate with both the
doors open or it's like a flying car
over here just just look at this thing
oh my god
ah-ha this car man this car look at the
view you get off this car from above it
literally looks like it's got wings
anyways let's head back down down the
stairs and let's go out are taking I
imagine but we no room there'd be no
room in that thing another day guys oh
and that's is this what they charge it
with ladies output oh that's a butane oh
it hasn't like petrol is off okay guys I
actually never knew that that's awesome
okay awesome car by the way before I
leave this place another car brain you
wanted to show you guys is this green
McLaren because I just love the color it
stands out so much so I promise this is
the last car I'm going to show
for today before you head out I wanted
to show you this Ferrari 488 these
things look so so amazing
I just generally love this car
especially with that speck the red and
the cream it just looks fantastic hey
boys I thought I'd go and sit inside the
4:8 to show you this car as I said the
interior on these Ferraris looks so so
nice okay look at the view you get in
this thing like I thought the i8 looked
good but I swear Ferraris are always on
another level in their interior like I
just love the cream Ferraris the
steering wheel just looks so good and
actually feels really nice as well with
all of this leather but yeah there you
go this is the interior you got the
launch control and everything but
awesome awesome car Wow I really love
the seats by the way they feel really
nice oh yeah final thing by the way I
never knew the Ferrari he looked like
this I think this is the new key for the
48 because the old ones had that you
know the little key thing to it so there
you go that is what a new Ferrari qxi I
came back in the Maybach we go guys
let's go oh wait with the Superman it's
Superman and Batman pillow over here so
we just arrived at the downtown area and
as always guys you know this is my
favorite building over here we're gonna
go around left
at night this place look super super
gorgeous my boy brought me over to this
restaurant which I've never been to
before I think it's cool to social house
the inside of the space actually looks
really cool like how they've designed it
but okay I see a lot of seafood this is
this is not a good sign guys I guess
what all right I think they have other
food as well but this place looks really
nice she's gonna sit down
and see what's up so we've got some
really awesome seats outside which means
we get the view of the water show which
is actually really cool also don't
forget we get the Burj Khalifa in our
shop but Wow
I actually really love the water show
every single time I come here guys it's
just so peaceful and relaxing and just
to know when you stay here you can
actually be in a little bit before
coming to us I'm really cooling as well
the food just arrived over again I had
to show you the pizza because it looks
so so cool I look at it the toppings on
this thing are just so much and it looks
like you know guys when you make like a
hole made pizza and you want to have
every single topping that's what it
looks like and obviously we have the
pasta over there so we're gonna start
digging in and yeah enjoying the food
we're still in the wall right now my boy
got me beat
pancakes you guys know how much I love -
Ella pancakes they are legit so social
dishes like on him a lie like I've just
been like plowing away you know anyways
I just finished up with my friend I'm
back out where I parked my car but I'll
show you the showroom right now because
now that I'm back they've got all the
doors of the cars up even this McLaren
which looks amazing we're going to get
ahead on my month up - Wow today was
actually really do we actually show like
loads of cars the i8 was my favorite
like okay the i8 was the one which I was
more excited for but I've never seen the
inside of one but the Ferrari look the
best in my opinion but yeah let's head
out and see what's up okay so as you can
see guys quickly stopped at the petrol
station just pumping some gas like
alright wait I need to pay now but
basically my petrol was completely empty
but one thing I need to say it's been
such a long time since I've smelt petrol
and I know that for you so don't try it
but it smells so good like it's actually
addicting so I'm gonna roll up my window
cuz I think I've had enough like I'm
inhaling it like it's just normal but
yeah don't do that kids not good for
your parenting I don't know what what it
is but I just heard it's not good for
you
my mother's been listening learish song
for an hour while I've been out while
she's been working around the kitchen
it's like the way she relaxes anyways
I'm super thirsty right now need myself
some more so let's go do that
oh boy sometimes I just feel really
thirsty
oh yeah water
babe and that is how you down war when
you're 30 see before I share today's
vlog I want to ask a huge favor from you
guys and that is to follow me on
snapchat basically I've actually started
to realize I really like snapchat and I
realized this when I kind of stopped
using it for like a couple of days
snap change like such a nice like
natural way of sharing my activities and
I just don't use it enough so follow me
there right now and I promise you guys
I'm going to be trying to snap a lot
more recently because I go to so many
like cool events and stuff which I know
a lot of you want to see and I forget to
snap it but I guarantee you from now on
I will be snapping more often I've done
so today with some cool cars like the ia
and stuff like that and I will continue
to do so so yeah follow me there on that
note guys I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog
here but quick heads up there are some
exciting exciting stuff happening within
the next couple of days I'm not going to
spoil it but rest assure as soon as the
video drops before you even watch it
you're going to know by the tile and the
thumbnail so yeah stay also everybody
loved you on Yolo Yolo
oh good bye
