oh my god
Bo's are you having a suntan this
morning what are you doing buddy what
are you doing sleeping on your belly
oh my god yeah yo everyone how are you
all doing I thought I'd start today's
blog by showing you bubbles
he is extremely relaxed as you can see
and he's just having the time of his
life
hey what's up buddy what's up oh my god
guys oh my god what is happening here
mommy come fix your what is this what is
happening my mom can't even cook
properly guys this always happens this
always have let's milk
my mom always over boils her milk she
just leaves it shake my head guys shake
my head we have a little bit of a
stressful situation bubbles seem to go
like oh I know you went over the wall
and he found a bird I don't know how he
got it and he nearly killed it so I
don't know if it's gonna survive at the
moment my brothers on the other side of
the wall and we're gonna see if there's
any more of these birds like in a nest
so we can save them from bubbles love it
is there anything
let's see if there's any mess and see
where bubbles is I have no idea but
these look like they're babies they
can't fly you know I don't know but I'm
just saying if you try and see if
there's any nest in that tree okay
something bad has happened now guys so
I'm next to bubbles right now and the
reason I'm here is okay liquid is this
what he does when he comes behind our
house what are you doing but okay Lee
it seems like he's having a lot of fun
right now okay so basically what
happened guys is bubbles attacked a
little bird now we've got it in a box at
home I'll go show you but it's bleeding
a little okay guys let's let's hop over
Oh Oh my leg my stretch to hunt look at
the things I have to do for this guy I'm
literally sitting on a wall and the cat
doesn't even care okay now I have to get
down onto that chair which is a scary
jump uh-huh can I do it oh boy I'm not
even close look this is a big jump
okay guys so let me show you the bird
that bubbles caught we quickly tried to
save as soon as we saw it but it's in
this little box is he okay he's alive
though for a hundred cents sure he's
breathing if you can see that guy's yeah
well I'm trying to Google how to save
him yeah injured Birds how to do
something for them what to do okay yeah
best environment for a bird just just be
in the toilet yeah no idea where to put
him either we just put him in a box shoe
box
umm that works right fill it with some
leaves and paper towel napkins or thick
toilet there okay okay we can get some
okay I'm gonna go grab some a noose from
outside this okay that's empty a shoe
bow actually a mail tine box that be end
yeah okay that is actually the perfect
size so normally we have so many leaps
in our garden but I think the gardener's
like sweep them away I'm gonna just try
and collect anything I can without
actually cutting it off the trees and
then if I have to I'll just grab a
couple of them okay so so far I got
these I'm just gonna go put them
upstairs and see if they're even the
right ones and my sister wanted where
should we put them by the way I do the
ones are they supposed to be hard soft I
got a bit of both so we just did a bit
of research about baby pigeons for like
the last ten minutes and we found out so
many things guys like first of all like
okay basically we knew this because of
our hamster that you have to have like a
ball of hot war next to it to keep its
body hot but what we didn't know is if
you feed it and the pigeons body is not
hot it could actually die like if you
don't put like a hot bottle of war next
to while you're feeding it which is
crazy right I had no idea about that so
right now my sister's just putting holes
in the box because that's what they said
I'm gonna try and change his position
from there to there okay there we go
guys we've got him in the
perfect position okay let me just
basically I don't think you guys can see
what this side of him is bleeding under
the wing that's our bubbles grabbed him
so okay so you guys can tell I've
changed up my clothes and I'm ready to
go out right now to be honest we've left
the bird in the box he seems to just be
saying there I don't know what else to
do to be honest we're not the best you
just put like you know the warm or next
to it I'm not sure exactly what my
sister's done because I just changed my
clothes and came down but basically
there's something I need to talk to you
guys about which has been annoying me
recently for the past week in the vlogs
I've seen my energy go down like I don't
have as much energy in the vlogs and the
reason is like I know the reason myself
I've been working so hard on the blog's
if you guys have realized like for the
past week I'm not sure if every single
one has but a lot of my blogs have had
like intros with music then things take
quite a long time to edit some of the
many reasons not every single one but
yeah that's where my Energy's been going
and I'm not having to get any more so
back up with the energy we go the vlogs
are gonna get more energetic I'm not
sure if that's a good thing but to me it
is so yeah the plan was to get to the
post office guys but I can by the way
here Scott over there
Wow I got their courage and amazing
noise but yeah as I was saying the plan
was to get to the post office there's
way too much traffic so I'm not even
sure if we'll make it I might even take
a u-turn to head back home that cars
actually really cool that Mustang
there's people I know in there well I
just met them on the road literally in
this traffic
Oh
sounds amazing but yet oh hi shout out
to them guys shout out today
I'm literally vlogging it sings out here
literally every guys like hi shout out
to everybody stuck on a side road
traffic right now they're making it a
good day for us alright guys no post
office for today if you look on the
other side of Sheikh Zayed Road it is
blocked with traffic do you see that
guys it's literally just like I don't
know what's happened I think it must be
a crash or something we're gonna go eat
instead there's no way am i waiting in
that traffic for like another hour guys
guys guys guys
Nick Ilana look Ilana yeah what is she
doing guys what is she doing oh my god
we got food and my sister is back at it
again with the sushi back at it again
guys she's forcing my mum to also have
some sushi which is really cool how is
it like it I'm currently at the makeup
store my mum and sister my mom doesn't
even buy much it's always my sister but
I'm not even gonna complain because it's
actually been a surprisingly long time
since I've been here like she used to do
so much makeup shopping but recently
it's kind of been like a little which is
a good thing you buy makeup - wait were
you trying a free sample there I saw you
doing something but guys mom my mom is
the person here then ones that walk in
try stuff and walk out like she just
does it on the spot I never knew they
had free crayons at the makeup store
you're using them on your hand like
they're crayons
come on try this one out right what
color is this I don't think this is
come on try it try it it's a free crayon
this mommy no don't put it on your lip
look mommy's got some green lips right
now
okay so we've come to buy ourselves a
flashlight that's the one I was playing
with guys but it's way too small I think
I think we need this one in case of
emergency it's so heavy I guess whoa
you see it works legitimately work let's
test out over here guys you see that
well wow I like it's on each other hey
let's put this back this is heavy by the
way this is extremely heavy
okay what's the cheapest one there we go
that's how you big that's how you pick
good
now I'm too expensive okay let's see
guys I'm trying to pick a cheap
flashlight here stop stop going for the
expensive stuff I'm really tempted to
play a game I want to see if I can flash
this light at people's shoes without
them recognizing just like that and one
of those okay that let's play this game
okay
pretending to do on Lana guys target
from Target pound one of those I did it
to that guy I did it to that guy
Lily losing this one of those okay boys
we're gonna teach you how to test out
flashlights today
did your clothes
exactly concentrated mind wins okay so
since there's a new member to the family
which is hopefully still alive at home
we're not even sure guys to be honest it
was pretty weak when we left it
we're trying to get some bird food but I
don't even know what birds have hey this
one looks good there's our big
difference they're fine who the hell
feed pigeons like you should give us
some bread a new ear guys we've
completely divert it away from the bird
food because my sister googled it we
have to feed the pigeon dog food that
that's what Google said so yeah we're
gonna get a syringe we're gonna get dog
food and we're going to squeeze the dog
food in the cage I don't know what who
said don't be that's some troll it's got
an editor the forum page I told you to
keep the pigeons make the best weasels
George what the hell this is some
torturers ring that forced the pigeons
mouth open and put it yes you can edit
them pages puppy biscuits don't do dog
bones are you sure they didn't even
think the pen feed it some chicken or
something and finally home time to check
on the bird okay its mode of truth when
you make some balls open it ah you still
alive hey buddy how are you
he's doing better now I toilet
Halla he went poopy yeah and he moved
around so he goes there to poop and
moves back to sleep thank you let's feed
him hey should we name him or no his
name is Billy good I'm Billy hey Bobby
okay give us some seeds quick he's
hungry but guys my brother I decided to
put the seeds I realized he doesn't like
it like straight away so I think we have
to give as a platter hey here you go
buddy
there you go now
even if he just opens now you've got a
nice platter of seeds in front of
he just closed his eyes I think means he
doesn't want to eat I'll leave some
seats here in the corner they leave a
lot like a bunch so he caught doesn't
need to look for it you know yeah there
you go yes enough there you go buddy you
go oldest eg1
all right buddy peace out try and
survive in there somehow
I do not know this torch opens I I
phones
oh I phone 17 this is Diamond 17 oh my
god Oh nope it doesn't even work piece
what the hell oh okay no that no battery
inside that that makes sense it doesn't
work that's just did I burn it seriously
okay if this doesn't work now this is
the biggest rubbish ah hello jeez this
is strong
what look at this look at that mom it
guys so bright torch my mommy
oh my god okay Wow Oh creepy yo yo guys
were doing ghost hunting today down
there is very creepy guys just make sure
one step at a time one step at a time
oh there's a world mummy move oh my god
oh my god oh my god
guys guys where is he where is he oh my
god
be careful every step the way every step
oh my God look upon God oh boy oh my god
I'm going to be annoying you guys so
much with this torch you know we should
do one day late night go around the area
like late late night not be so epic
anyways let's turn this off it's so
bright having too much fun with this
I more when he left even then I still
had stars on my moment come on and what
got into the dark he left the room after
for one minute there's ice cream under
my eyes mama dude Shh just just just
come into the dark realm let's wrap up
today's vlog I'm just going to quickly
grab like two pieces of mail go upstairs
open it with my sister okay wait it's
too it like y'all got one more here okay
let's make it three pieces of mail so
without further ado we're gonna get into
them you open that open this Wow look at
thicket is has been sellotaped a lot oh
this was virtually open like I didn't
even have to do much oh okay I feel like
there's like gonna be some sort of
pictures in here oh yeah buddy
there we go starting off with some fan
art that's Lana Rose with some start or
bubbles thank you for that that's yours
oh yeah that's your intro then we have a
really awesome MV thank you guys these
actually get really epic I'm going to
keep them to the side I wonder what's
the last one it has to be okay
the last you like these little portrait
so thank you so much for man thank you
deep deep air but thank you for them
cool awesome logos - okay aside Dipesh
oh you know how long it's been since
I've got one dollar no guys that is epic
thank you sure and I got a pen cool from
Jar Jar Jar Jarrod Thank You Jared all
right thanks a lot to Jarrah for that $1
I appreciate my man it's so fresh as
well smells like a $1 to me before I
open this or just let you know that this
was opened already was open it says
found open and officially secured so
please don't blame us if something's
gone missing I swear if they took money
from the money collection out you best
believe I'm getting mad let's see if
everything is still in this packet to be
honest the money is in there so whoever
opened it believe me when I open it you
missed out bro you mister
I know but this looks like it's gonna be
a log cool thing sort of collection are
you still counting what yeah okay so
huge thank you to my boyfriend us from
Germany he also said look at that a coin
there couple coins here thank you for
all of that Wow one Larson said back in
it and we got 5050 and you tell me where
they're from it's true sure like every
single one yes and now you envision the
other one alright well yep guys trust me
do not need to send me any more sri
lankan 20s because i got myself a whole
collection out yeah yeah that different
versions feel free to I mean listen but
wow that is awesome there are bills and
coins in the bag we got them anyways
guys awesome awesome stuff I like doing
mini mail times because I think I get to
like read morph the lair on the vlog
like the first one I opened like this
was the leg I don't think I didn't read
it just said I love your vlogs and my
name is Depeche so yeah I did try and
read all of them and yeah that is
today's mini mail time so thank you
everybody to wrap up today's vlog we now
see how little birdies doing birdie are
you feeling
better yeah he stood in the corner I
think it's good that he's sleeping next
to the hot war
hey there's guys I'm gonna wrap up the
first vlog ever in my sister's bathroom
what the hell stay awesome everybody and
stay already I loved you all Yolo Yolo
don't forget boy lunch okay
vlog extras guys she's kicking me out
with the money open the door I could not
open
oh just careful with the cats careful Oh
give me a hug okay let's go add this to
my room oh oh okay they're dropping
they're dropping guys yall iolo why you
did that
you did that I was taking moist I Yali
Olav bye
