three two one go Oh what are you what
what the hell is that go under your face
is above the hood we're gonna we're
gonna drown my sister seriously don't do
this anymore good morning everyone what
is uh welcome back to another video so
today is a beautiful day so I just felt
like expressing myself with a megaphone
I know what it is about this megaphone
look what happens when I take this in
front of here pretty much here is what
is gonna happen today I wanted go and
find allies my mum's new car okay so she
has no idea the other day we went to
find my mama car there was one Rolls
Royce which she really really liked but
I told her no right now I'm gonna go and
see if I can get that same car and a
hopefully surprise her this week with
which car the one that you didn't like
yeah the one that I said no my mom is
the most deserving person in this world
I don't even need to tell you guys you
see her every day on the vlog she worked
super hard she literally doesn't
everything for me for my sister for my
family and yeah I just feel like I feel
like sometimes we don't appreciate our
moms as much as we should
so hopefully let's go and let's let's do
something for her for once
so I'm not sure if you guys realize how
excited I actually am but honestly
buying my mama car has always been like
my ultimate dream I honestly just want
to do so much more for my mom and
literally I always used to tell her
three years ago one day I'm gonna buy
you a Rolls Royce and obviously guys the
cars we have now they're all hers
anyways like anything I have is for my
mom but it's different when there's
something you get specifically for
someone specific specifically
specifically all emotions aside let's go
do this deal hopefully it works out
because then I won't look like an idiot
and yeah hopefully by the end of the
week my mom is gonna have a brand new
car so right now I just made it over two
deals on wheels
I'm with Mohammad owner so basically we
were very excited to sell a car to money
more surprise and yes guys just watch
very soon and you see the car I feel
like in life you have to treat your mom
like the best like she does everything
for you it's finally happening and we'll
show them the car show them the car now
let's talk you really want a Rolls Royce
what about the flames but my mom loves
Rolls Royce let's go check it out it
does look amazing I can't lie I think
this is honestly life is all about try
different things
I think she's gonna love this the color
look at the common man it's in okay
we'll do the deal for the Ross race and
then if I want then I'll make a swap
somehow so you gonna buy two cars one I
love this it looks gorgeous but my mom
loves Rolls Royce I just know it
no but she loves it because she's never
seen the Plainsboro so she sees this car
it does look amazing Wow
basically the Rolls Royce we are gonna
get guys is this this is the interior on
the Rolls Royce I feel like it's luxury
though it's luxury but you've had it
before already so I think you should try
something different
honestly I think the Bentley or the
rozzers I think you should put in insta
story as creamy just make sure that this
is right guys one two three four five oh
you just did 21 you can't eat 21 and
again you said 21 I tell you what let me
count it how about that great yes three
four five six seven eight nine
12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24
25 26 27 28 35 45 47 48 49 50 by the way
none of that was fast forwarded I don't
know how he counts so fast bounce oh I
still owe a good amount done deal hey yo
so right now he quickly came over to my
friends house and you guys have actually
never been here and I need to show you
his penthouse
he has a penthouse apartment and it
looks absolutely insane so let's go
check it out together guys
all right so here you go boys this is
the penthouse this is my friend and ass
who actually owns it so bad this is
insane so that further ado I will
quickly take you guys on a little tour
around this place l and I do that sure
all right guys let me show you this
penthouse before I take you anywhere I
need to show you the view from this
place so let's go into the balcony all
right
check this out Wow welcome to the
penthouse balcony down Wow yo this is
absolutely insane oh so might be a
little bit windy because we are on the
top four guys but this vent house has a
swimming pool yes
right literally I'm not making this up
right now guys look at this
you have your own swimming pool over
here and the view is absolutely insane
by the way guys just to show you this
place has a staircase inside an
apartment is the penthouse guys so Wow
but you guys haven't even seen anything
it's time to take you inside all right
let's go okay so this is the living room
area over here guys but I want to take
you over somewhere very very special
this apartment actually has its own
elevator so right now I'm gonna take you
guys upstairs oh my god guys look at
this ground floor first floor Oh have
you guys ever seen an elevator in an
apartment what Open Sesame
so now that I'm upstairs as I mentioned
this is a four bedroom penthouse guys so
let me take you guys inside the master
bedroom right welcome to the master
bedroom
Wow now this is the what you call a bad
Oh as I said I have to clearly give you
like a little tour but right now it's
time to take you downstairs because
there's more as you can see we're doing
like a little picnic over here guys so
there you go boys that has been the
penthouse but before I do anything else
I actually need to show you the bathroom
because this is probably the coolest
part for me guys all right whoa honestly
this is I one of the most elegant
bathrooms I've ever seen guys and look
you can even play with the lights whoa
whoa so when it's off you have that
really cool backlight and then BAM but
yeah guys there you go that has been the
penthouse honestly big thank you to my
boy and us from Saudi for letting me
show you his place guys and yeah for now
we're heading out of your soul yeah
we're gonna get out of the penthouse
guys let's go Wow well now that is what
you call the house all right boy so
right now we just finished up our
friend's house honest honest you guys
you've seen honest on the vlogs before
but I've actually never been to his
apartment the penthouse that you guys
just saw so that was beautiful anyways
right now we're gonna go home now my mom
and sister actually set up our swimming
pool so let's go have some fun
blue so we are home right now Alana is
about to attempt to dive into our
swimming pool you guys don't realize
that this is dangerous right mommy
I'm just gonna jump with my foot in yeah
three two one jump
was that your jump bro I'm done that was
pathetic
three two one the athlete is done the
athlete is done with her turn of diving
I don't wear makeup you're always lucky
I always wear makeup most of the days
and you don't blog me why you always how
are you gonna go to sample with makeup
are you trying to infect my sample
Reggie okay you want to do a challenge
okay I want to see how long can you hold
your breath underwater three two one go
Oh what are you what what the hell was
that
that wasn't even one second that was
half a second what does your I have to
do with your breath three two one Oh
guys she looks like she's dead why is
she touching the floor we're gonna we're
gonna drown my sister your face is above
the hood dad are you do
we are finally home but listen it is
late at night it's yours but I swear it
yeah I'm freezing right now goodbye you
go I could die of hypothermia
get out are you so here's the thing now
that we have the same fool again I
shouldn't do a little throwback for you
guys too last time we had the super
inflated I actually did like a little
experiment with it which I decided not
to show on the vlog but I feel like it's
just way too funny not to so check this
out
you're wasting water oh my god oh my
diarrhea it's nothing
I realized this is not a deep sleep ooh
and I hit my head
I know I told you bro this is so tiny
did you hit yourself
oh my back sis oh oh
for now let's go dry up and yeah but
your bike believe I bought mom a car
today anyways as who is now that I'm
back home I'm gonna end of today's vlog
here but a quick reminder to anybody who
hasn't watched yesterday's video I'm
giving away six phones six brand new
phones to any of my subscribers guys if
you want to win all you need to do guys
is comment down below why you want one
of these bad boys okay and your favorite
feature about them but honestly I'm so
excited as I said you guys you know what
if you haven't watched yesterday's video
just go watch that and it kind of
explains everything for you guys but
yeah guys listen I'm just super excited
honestly I told you guys that this year
I want to do as much as I can to give
back to you guys because at the end of
the day you guys support me every day
and I feel like it's only right that I
give back to you guys as much as I can
so yeah guys as always I just wanna say
a big big thank you to every single one
of you watching I know I say this a lot
but honestly you guys are amazing and I
just love you just give me a kiss guys I
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow for
another epic blog and yeah yeah Leon OH
