yo yo everything that was all $4 over yo
yo everyone welcome to another vlog so
today I'm going to go to one of my
friends houses or our friends houses
which you guys know very well we're
gonna go to Raj's house hang out over
there with him and his amazing family
and there is some new addition to some
of the petsy ads which we will show you
and you guys probably already seen in
the thumbnail so without further ado
let's head over and see what's up guys
alright as you can see guys we made it
over to our beautiful destination Wow
look the trees are starting to grow or
look like the pink flowers and stuff
doors are open and let's go in so we
just made it over to the farm guys there
is your man Russia he's a professional
about all the animals we're gonna go
through a couple more they've actually
got like all the places change the deers
wait are these deers yeah okay the deers
are here now are we gonna go look at a
couple other you can hand it over you
can just give it like yeah he he's not
even waiting for you is that gimme give
it hey buddy God the baddest monkeys
this guy is actually on a diet right now
if you see that on his hand he's
actually in corn last time we came here
I never got to show you this zebra wait
can you touch the zebra or okay let's go
touch the zebra we actually never came
to see this oh we got a zebra head oh my
god okay yeah oh my god then I thought I
might you'll be hard that is all so guys
when you're next to it's so much bigger
I want to touch him like I don't want to
do anything how did he likes you I think
what's his name does he have a name
under and Dysport ah then he won't do
anything
people have to put our fingers on the
mat he would bite is he very hard to buy
or yes okay yeah you see with this kind
of animals there's a precursor of
aggression every time that you see that
these ears are up going on the back side
yeah that means he's going to be
aggressive that's like our cats though
like when their ears got their angry but
I want to touch him but I'm really
scared mommy just be very calm and just
perfectly actually and you have to focus
way happy John when you King was ten
minutes like that you give back and
doing so Maya we've got their back to
that other side this is a boy or a girl
he's a boy boy boy there's a good boy
okay no I'm thinking too much
Aleksey now he's got no head together
you actually like there yeah yeah is
move on we're actually going to go
inside and feed the deers Lana you go
first you're the bait if they react to
you nicely
oh my god Wow look at this Oh guys look
hey buddy no come over here for you guys
so you can see oh they were treating
your head let's see let's see it put
your hand again I want to thank you
oh my god they love these snacks I'm
guessing sure I didn't get Jay take this
uh odd I see it lick it so that's really
good actually you guys we're putting you
on a diet right now no more snacks take
this vegetable
I got one too bad
just lost their horn Oh somebody just
kicked his foot down I think I got some
right can they see I don't think they
can see it I can see my doorway I smell
like goofy now oh oh he did not want you
to touch him he was like nabber I'm not
having that I'm not having that
you do realize all they want is the food
look who's here guys hi good just got
here oh boy hey Tiger how you doing guys
I'm not saying time he has a thing
against you like he has something
against you my mom is hiding over there
she's refusing to come yarmulkes in
Vegas now is that okay playtime oh I'm
going to beat him King now the milk is
back okay you decide you go first
why hey he's got the milk he loves it
you might I may actually have a pretty
cool pose let him hold the bottle go go
just go do it do it
lovey you got sissy go go go quick he's
got half a bottle left if you're gonna
do anything do it now
why you so scared look at me this is
Gilda do you guys have a good
relationship now yeah he likes you you
like him all right buddy
hello okay and I'll just be right beside
you guys this is how you do it me and my
boy Tai go over here the guy keeps the
big baby like you shouldn't be scared
looking guys as soon as the real ones
are running you know what you can even
give them a kiss if you like I was doing
it that
there you go relationship goals in it oh
my goodness you guys look at him you
know he gets do you want to be funny
right on distance okay so what you see
over here guys that we've been petting
is Tiger the male but now his girlfriend
Kylie just go over here and yell on and
go go say hi to her I love the fact that
she's got like a pink color and a pink
ball ah
how are you Kylie yeah give Carly a kiss
ah when Kylie gets you does he feel any
sort of way like jealous or because
they're still kids she reminds me of
Kitty look at our her in our pink Bowl I
don't understand how they like milk so
much mommy stop running from their baby
tigers give her a big hug I'll give her
a hug if you don't Oh
they remind me of our cat so much like
the way they fight with each other oh
she's back okay I'm like yo the thing is
I know like if they suddenly forget
about each other I'm the next target so
we have to be careful uh-uh
so roar should swagged me out with a new
shirt
BAM I should get it from the back cuz
that's that's the nice part guys damn
did I say that yes that's cool and then
go inside now later on we're gonna see
baby white tigers but as always I just
love this answers like this
like moving like a famous place you know
where they have like the top ten places
in the world I still know it's not
realize I can just mommy oh my god oh my
god guys the Tigers have got here
so can I adopt this one like please
accept me oh he's one of them armies
what's the name I don't have meet you oh
they don't have names who's going to
choose the day Billy Bobby Moore can we
adopt him
please sir for two days yeah while you
are shaking him you can actually give
him a circus when I give a straw oh he
likes onion
yeah we've officially adopted this white
tiger for two days edgy oh my mama's do
ideology this arm behind the other arm
in being finite a cat come and check him
out at all he likes me easily oh look at
this just like a baby he likes me
for sure here he's adorable
oh my goodness tiger they're cute I wish
look your mommy's feeding a tank only
look at mommy Oh mommy
mommy's feeding little baby tiger here
looks so adorable
look at them yeah look at this guy so
cute I don't know if you can see him
guys so adorable I want to give up my
kid no my baby needs some privacy is all
guys all these cameras are getting in
paradise yeah he doesn't like the bubble
he's doing is um oh wow mommy me to
sleep you're staying here with you ah
there you go big family over here yeah
everybody small okay ready there we go
- aww I really like the quality it's
good though oh they're so young you have
to support their head yeah hey you buddy
hey my mommy's next to this guy Oh likes
you he likes you mommy look he's in love
with you you do not realize how excited
I am being next to this guy he's so
adorable it hey buddy hey buddy hey your
service what's he doing
Oh oh my God he's kissing me he's
kissing me oh he just came up with
history oh hey what's wrong with that
guy he's looking at you you're the frame
really he won't drop the Willy she can't
jump but he will not get you what it is
really really strong yeah why is he so
angry
yeah he's so angry
thank you oh is the other guy so angry I
hear me just like oh oh there you go I
caught you I caught you baby guys so
adorable my god my hair is just going oh
yeah get the door me and Rachid are bats
place of FIFA eat you yeah this time
last time I won by one goal right it was
a one goal difference this time rematch
time you got the tiger strolling around
but let's go FIFA but watch out lady
what yeah he wants to play be fighting
let's go boys I'm um I'm confident I can
win but Raschid said he's taking it easy
on me last time let's see how this goes
oh okay guys Mira should have just
played two games I won the first he won
the second so we're gonna have dinner
and then play the finale
oh gosh ed one more game to decide
everything next of food after food guys
we're gonna play the finale and see ah
I actually so mad like I never lose I
never lose that beep ah but there you go
after we have dinner the finale will
determine if you're the best three
players so we're just having our dinner
as you can see amazing stuff every time
I come here I just love it yeah her
favorite is this bar chicken she can
hate
every time she's trying to steal the
ingredients how do I make this this time
you're gonna learn I'm not cooking that
sell anything I'm worried you guys
decide no she should get back into the
kitchen she's not good at RIT
how you do it guys you take the crack
and then you put like the chicken
implement by doing a food - - how to eat
tutorial and then and then me I love all
the fast food stuff pizza hot dogs fries
and stuff like that okay we just
finished eating but guess who's back Bay
is back you guys remember baby Dior how
you doing buddy I remember there's a
picture on Instagram and they said when
they won't let go and I'm holding her
anyways how are you already come with me
no this is actually gonna be the first
time my mommy holds baby Dior
she's heavy right mommy mommy is she
heavy
she's just swing your hand at anything
she do
oh let me grab that let me grab your
glosses no give it to me she do it to me
she'll grab it
baby dear has a new outfit guys by the
way look at the swag ayye hey to the
swag ah this is gaining weight anyways
guys we had to say hi to her for today I
think she's gonna go bed now so see you
later buddy
oh okay sorry she loves the camera a lot
doesn't she a little bit say she wants
to break it oh that that's what she
wants to do yeah she doesn't she doesn't
want to hold it she wants to just break
it sorry do you are you're not getting
this camera today her lips are funny
yeah up Oh Jose are you here is
that I'm do you're not Kylie
she gets mad at you as oh she's looking
at you like cuz I deal with Gucci
sometimes Oh
jealous there's Gucci which ones Gucci
all Gucci's her boyfriend she gets
jealous
good night dr good night anyways
everybody we're heading out now look at
this guy looking at us leave you want to
say hi to me oh okay no this one's ready
to pounce I swear I can now she gave up
on it anyways let's head out awesome
awesome day over here at the bar just
hanging out
I shot it's so spooky with all of these
noises I know it's like a real thing I
am running if the lights go up the
hallway and out we go
let's go guys oh hey look how
professional rush it is guys he's going
in Reverse this home for this so he
made it now back in dragon ride and here
is everybody I'm done at rockets farm
for today where are you wearing like the
same solutions in Hey look at that slide
out but also means then I appreciate it
so much and yeah we'll see him soon
again paste so me up I'm over quickly
gonna head out and the reason is like
once in a while I just feel like buying
myself some new clothes to freshen up
how I look like I think for me because
I've vlog I know is why we're much more
than other people would because I'm
vlogging so every day I like to wear
like different things but then I just
feel like I'm recycling the same clothes
again and again so let's go see if I can
buy it looks like one new shirt
freshen it up you know look swaggy -
guys Roger didn't give me this so this
freshened up two days in log so that was
awesome of him to do to be honest the
reason I don't know if you guys realize
me I'm not sure if I mentioned the
reason I changed my clothes is basically
the deer stopped it's full and the
flew
t-shirts so I was thinking badly so he
was like your bro let me grab your shirt
guys I swear I've seen so many
Aventadors now that like the only thing
that gets me excited is different colors
like the only reason I'm happy to see
this is because I've never seen like
that it's like a light metallic blue
okay I never thought I'd say that say
that I've seen like enough Aventadors
but I think I see one like at least five
times a week yeah the 1 t-shir I'm
really tempted to buy at the moment is
this Superman 1 because it looks really
cool like it looks like Superman and
spider-man combined somehow and here is
let's look around this shop I don't know
there's specific shots which I can find
shirt and this is one of them look guys
the door is physically coming down right
now who are like the last people in the
store I'm trying to get out before it
closes on us go girl I swear when you
feel really tired it feels so good just
to punch like a punching bag it feels so
good like it kind of gets the energy out
on you like yo yo what's up yeah yeah
bro don't don't mess with me while you
do you try it try out hey hey don't mess
with mommy more guys don't mess with
money more but if I owe you a nice bunch
of goodbye goodbye and nice to give it
like a right hook a right hook
alright let me show them how it's done
sometimes I'm so fancy but yeah there
you go guys don't miss remote loads or a
punchy bad hey guys I have an unboxing
for a very long time so I think it's not
my sport anymore
the eyes you hurt you're not to look at
that guy's please take a look at mine up
with after that they're so red let me
look at
okay anyways wow I feel so pumped right
now like I'm gonna be honest when I came
out I had no energy like I was so like
tired and stuff but now not to pump like
I'm just punch the bag so hard okay I
don't think I'm gonna find any shirts
today just because I I'm really not
bothered to look around but that's good
to come out and just punch a bunching
bag you see you guys don't need a boxing
membership or anything you literally
come here punch the bag and go home
whenever I'm bored I like to come and
look at cool things and look at this I
don't know what this is made out of it's
like this what is what you call this
like glue like you know when the glue
dries up but that looks awesome like
they've even got a man made out of that
which is pretty cool it there you go
put a doodle pen I'll personally never
bike is probably like too hard to make
but they look cool by the way look at
this this is like sonic coolest socks
I've ever seen this is money this is
like an x-ray so look like your foot but
to be honest it's my favorite this was
really awesome okay I I don't even know
who would use these but they've got ice
cream socks who the hell would wear I
okay I'm a new person
hey you guys have enjoyed today's vlog
make sure to let me know is awesome
hanging out and brush and stuff like
that he's actually really close to 30 K
subscribers so yeah I don't even think
to his channel down below maybe we can
hit that for him
and yeah I was actually in a record song
his new sneakers today but he gets so
many so I will do instead is maybe like
a couple months down the line me and him
will do like an updated like devised
most expensive sneaker collection
because he gets a lot of kicks which you
can check out on this channel but
anyways the actual reason I'm seeing on
the floor is I really want to do some
like push-ups yourself but working out
is so lowdown boring okay you know what
let's do let's do like 20 seconds of
motivational Bowl blocks I got brought
in in London just it'll be in the phone
credit cards and scums in the mix in the
time okay you know what I'm gonna cut it
early because when you do stop some
carpet your butt aches I don't know why
there's like some prickly thing going
into my butt so yeah stay awesome
everybody I love you all and yeah make
more videos about me guys now start
reacting to them stay awesome love you
all yellow Yolo goodbye
