you
oh my heart is crushing man
oh yeah
yo yo everyone how are y'all doing so I
wasn't even going to start today's vlog
here I'm going to be honest I wanted to
first shave look all pretty and start
the vlog there but I messed up I messed
up this is my shaver guys and I forgot
to change the setting and I left it on
really really short
and this is what it did I have no hair
on one side look this is how my beard is
supposed to look and this is how it
looks now so okay I'm gonna try to fix
it and we'll continue the blog from
there we're all ready to go out today
and it's pretty much already dark
outside I don't know how we managed to
get ready so late ready guys let's go by
the way I thought I'd mention this to
you guys I'm going up to an event to
vlog she only came out to eat big
difference in mentality you see you
played yourself you played yourself
grabbed our food Luca who's going
healthy oh is that a fresh orange juice
I see in your hand I was actually
supposed to go out and now we came back
home and we're having a picnic if I
don't make it there she is the vault
okay she made us have a mini picnic at
home
I just finished eating ready to head out
with my mom look what she's bringing in
my car
who takes a coffee cup outside like she
could literally drink it right now but
no
okay I finally made it into the festival
guys and there is a lot of amazing
amazing cars over here let's have a run
through of some there's a really really
gorgeous Nissan GTR here look at this
beast Wow
then we have like a Mercedes like SLR or
something not too sure and we also have
an Aventador over here which looks
really really gorgeous but this GTR
makes one of the meanest noises ever
Wow
and
Wow just because I came your ringing hey
I'm gonna let go of this gt-r
pronouncing another thing Wow that was
one of the craziest GTRs ever we've
actually got loads of them over here if
you live behind me they're all parked
off let's go see other cars they have
over here I'm going to come and show you
some of the unique cars they have here
this one I'm about to show you I've seen
the Lord Instagram look at this
Chevrolet oh boy this is definitely one
of the coolest cars I've ever seen it
Wow awesome awesome stuff over here
that's actually a woman's car so that's
why it's pink I actually can't believe
some of the cars I'm seeing over here
they're so like different like it's not
your regular cars you see every day I
look at the wraps they have on them
what's your favorite car so far Oh Oh
what is that what you even cool this
thing
one oh my I have no words for what I'm
seeing right now this is just this is
just crazy
I'm actually so so happy I made it on
the last day today's the last day and
the last hour but the cars over here do
not fail to surprise me guys at the
event there's also some people that
we've seen at that event before let let
go to these cars tell me which one you
recognize are them yep that's right the
Bugatti racing in the rain video exact
same car but also awesome submarine here
by the way I've been meeting so if you
guys today here's one of thing with your
shots and friends - are there a
shout-out cynical and yield yeah you
down to the voice man by the way some
amazing cars are here look at this guy's
this SLR is extremely mean Wow okay
I'm not gonna lie like one of my
favorite cars is these / Sadie's of
these winged stores I just think they
look so cool can probably hear cars
getting reps in the background for the
people that like your power in the cars
I thought I had to come and show you
some of these classic being destroy yota
Supra so let's see where they give us a
resin
Wow the noise of revving never ever gets
old it always sounds amazing
like a line of - Rose revving right now
yeah you're not gonna get enough reverie
today
that was an extremely loud horn check
out the rims on that thing like it I
shouldn't kill somebody
okay a lot of the cars are heading out
now so I'm extremely happy we got to see
most of them but I don't know why
there's something about these two
Toyota's which I really like like their
kids look extremely nice anyways right
now I'm actually going to head over to
this really cool Hummer and get to sit
inside it
cursey 200 members so yeah let's go
check it out oh boy
check out this armor guys it's actually
on top of another car I'm not sure how
they did that but it looks really cool
so you guys might actually be one thing
if this Hummer actually run over these
two cars and the answer is yes it did so
they brought these through cars in there
just for this hardware to go and this is
good a Humvee and it's the only Humvee
in the whole of the UAE so this is the
only one in the country let's go around
to show you it look it's actually run
over these two cars like I don't want to
touch it but this is glass right here
anyway that's the interior of the car
pretty basic I think it was a military
car but yeah wow we're actually gonna
witness this Hummer come down the cars
just to show you that actually did go up
so let's see this
oh boy I feel kind of scared careful
this is Humvee power for you oh oh oh my
heart is crushing there wow look at the
cars they are barely in place there okay
that is magnificent is they going to go
back up I'm actually going to hop into
this humbler while it's going back up so
let's see how this goes
I don't think I'm half of that either
there or any any door base I gain any
door they let up you never bail
I've never done this actually I can pull
out from do it all right I get that
that makes sense yeah your stock
customers are ready
okay that was insane
well there you go guys i sat in a Hummer
going up two cars and got out of a
Humvee sorry I'm asking please I'm sorry
you're gonna roast in the conversation a
Humvee guys anyways you chance to live
where I can for letting me stay in this
Humvee I learned a bit more by right now
basically Hummers came after Humvee so
this is like the first generation
military car they are using and stuff
like that so all sort of awesome stuff
I feel bad but what were these cars by
the way the ones under a like what did
we smash this is a Toyota Tercel again
that's some infinity oh okay so it's
alright guys we did we didn't destroy
too many things I just realized that
they're also doing drifting over here so
let's check it out I think it's a
professional from the Lebanon
override is this variety
oh my god guys Oh
my
I was shaking throughout I don't even
know
oh my god
so you guys have seen until now hasn't
he live in the main event
the main event is sight
oh boy what is he doing oh my god
my god
this is not happening right now there is
no miracle
pop in the middle of this
Oh
oh there goes the wheel I'm guessing
whoa I dunno what that was but that was
a grand finale for us I'm gonna head out
now the car is still smoking guys look
at this Nissan GTR right here this thing
is absolutely crazy like everything
about this is unique like even look how
the doors are on this this ain't even
your normal scissor door this is like
opposite okay I want to show you the
interior of this car cause it just gets
better
okay okay okay okay hello with a trucker
I only know Piper
I don't know
so guys these things over here they
actually lift the car you can hear that
like do you see that guys the car is
actually going up and down which is
really really awesome
look how low it is it's basically
touching the ground right now and that
is actually what this tank in the back
is more it allows it to go up and down
which is really really awesome like if
you see that guys it is literally
touching the ground we just pop the hood
to see what's under fashion you're gonna
ha
that's an awesome car whoa what is that
that looks insane come across a flag and
that is one of the meanest engines I've
ever seen
this car actually also has a hydraulic
system which can lift it up and down
okay now you want don't like it that's
going to go down let's see this
Wow look how much the car actually can
go down like it literally is sticking to
the floor now
now the backside is going down what it
covers the wheel that's how low it yet
now you put this and now it goes fully
up again when you put these two cars
next to each other you can see both
their hydraulic systems so this is for
the red GTR but look at this one this
one is really really funky light it's go
lights it then everything even like a
little gun over there by the way I want
to say huge shot to the other spot
because they're all here to my malodors
Oh GTR oh look at that car revving in
front of the amazing view of the virgin
today a very nice tasting what would a
different God
it's actually the sole car if you look
at it and it is amazing I want to show
you the inside of the car smoke actually
comes out this thing and it is extremely
cool inside it Wow this car is so unique
right here and it is something like the
inside is actually super creepy if you
look at it Wow amazing
I actually don't know how they make the
cars
I work in Friday
Wow it spray something
hey the sauce going up this go on
let's say you win
Wow around to maybe shout out to my boy
guys he's gonna do a Burnout just for us
guys let's check this out
oh boy
smells like a barbecue in here guys
smells like a barbecue in here anyways
one hour over here turned out to be
super awesome shout out to my boy in
that car but wow we saw a lot over here
like what I hear so many guys good night
they're cooling an IV sorry
comments like oh boy guys right at the
end of the event we've got three of the
coolest cars straight next to each other
guys oh my god okay boys this is the Rev
bout to be watching for
oh boy that's crazy stuff right there
anyways guys awesome day at the car
event today saying goodbye to do is good
bye guys also see you guys are we got an
awesome view today look at that you guys
like the board Geneva and this year hey
stay safe guys galeano my man let's just
take a moment to enjoy the silence oh my
god I heard so much rapping there
shoutout to everybody at the event so
many people let me see their cars they
revved it for the vlog and stuff like
that it was just amazing and obviously
shoutout to the years right over there I
met so many of you guys it was
incredible back to the hectic J I don't
think we've ever heard so many people
say mo vlogs mom oh my god my sister was
on the phone my mama chose out what's
going on there is it like a meeting
greet and oh shout outs everybody also
people at the event and we got to see so
much we really did by the way now the
hope for all the your scored asking at
the event which was a ton this is why
Lana didn't come guys she's work you
know they're like is Lana in his llama
in hospital she's sick I was like no why
they're like so why didn't she come out
like she is working I missed you all
oh my god yeah grandma you by the way
guys grandma was supposed to get this
painting while she was here and it's
still not done to my sister day I want
to give her like an unfinished project
so maybe next time when she comes I'll
try to make
all right that's nice awesome stuff
oh I see later I'm gonna really get
changed peace guys
I just showing my sister saw the clips
on the vent where I got a kiss on
machine they love you Mandy oh my god
anyways continued during your working
license is looking to the kiss of the
mob Oh luck as always everybody I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog you're my
lion wassup bubbles I doesn't want to
join in it why are you leaving me bro
but yeah I'm in my pajamas right now I'm
gonna go to bed super tired I had an
awesome day I said I got start smiling
thinking about today's event like I got
there the last one hour like no lost two
hours ish so to finish
I thought I missed most of the action
but thanks to all the support from you
guys the yo-yo squad people were there
there was such nice people over there
that we managed to literally get so much
content I think I covered about the
whole three days in just one hour but
yeah see you guys some more for another
epic vlog love you all stay awesome
Jana Yolo bye
