boom way
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so how are y'all doing I'm actually
smiling because this morning's other
year Scott came by and said hi and then
they were like can we wash your car I
was like okay don't wash it so you took
the hose for them and they're just
washing my car that's pretty awesome but
yesterday night there is actually a huge
huge storm and I'm not sure if they've
cleaned up or if it's still there but in
the main road in our area
there's actually palm trees falling down
like you know they've got like thick
roots I'm not sure how strong this storm
was but that's what happened anyways
let's go out right now and have an
amazing day by the way I don't think the
yo Scott did the best job it's still
muddy talk about palm trees falling this
is legit just a road block right here
here you know I'm gonna stop by the
street to show you this this is crazy
yeah this storm was pretty strong this
palm tree has been chopped in half what
do you see that this palm tree has just
been chopped in half imagine I don't
think obviously no car is hit but look
if my car was under there would have
literally eaten it I'm standing here
just to put into perspective guys how
big this thing is I'd look at it back
let's go touch the root like what's
happened to it
you you took a lot ants in this we're
like investigators right now there's
this heavy let's see now it's actually
pretty light anyways there you go
everybody I had to come and show you
what it looked like the yo-yo Scott
actually told me about this and I was
like seriously there was a storm that
bad obviously when I sleep nothing wakes
me up so I don't even know about this
stuff but yeah that is a palm tree
chopped in half because of a storm I
might just keep one of these a piece of
a palm tree that's actually really cool
you know it's actually a really really
beautiful sunny day today we just did
our shopping but look at this Porsche
I'm actually a huge fan of classic
Porsches by the way everybody look
there's actually another tree which is
collapsed on the pavement this one has
been snapped bad what look everybody I
told you they were gonna take it soon
look they're working on it now ah Wow we
made it literally in the nick of time
guys like you see we went like five
minutes to the supermarket and they're
already cleaning it up so right now me
and my family are heading off to see one
of my friends which you guys should know
gonna meet have a little bit of like I
know dinner lunch whatever you call it
wood road rage it's this way
I think this way ah what are you doing
fixing your pants in the morning why is
there so much honking today a little guy
everybody needs to take a chill pill
okay so I just made it over to the
chocolate bar guide and the person I was
meeting today is Rush and what it's not
near squad we're having a nice little
dinner over here with the fam but my mom
wanted me to show you the stuff they
have here look at that that is so what
is that mine is that like an onion Wow
this place actually looks really cool
this is one of my favorites guys try
this when you come here it's like a
chocolate milkshake
check out this dessert that just come
it's pretty cool there's like a candle
in the middle
show you
Wow what is that yeah is wrong this is
absolutely cool guys yeah
it's
I'm doing it to get away
yeah drop
I love chocolates right
I love desert so much and Ariana should
never want to hear oh this one is my
favorite
so excited enjoy you know what the best
part is like a desert art
artistic ways but like the entire
they decorated with the action
chocolates
pretty cool and yeah
so check it out guys my sister just
realized that these twigs remain our
chakra
and actually edible twigs look at this
Wow yeah no so
Bon Appetit
anyways just finished up at the mall
right now we're gonna try and make it
over to the event right now I think we
should be fine this is what you call
privileged guys my car is basically like
a Maybach right now look this is what
you call me back seats my people
complain that my car doesn't have enough
leg room guys what glasses my blue
glasses my favorite is I lost my eyes so
anybody wants to send me a new pair feel
free to or if you find my old pair which
would be even better and the way you
know it's mine there's a little scratch
on the lenses so learn t-nuts crack down
a virus specialist it's like a very
small line carry this up
bitches
No
letting
so we just made it over to the track I'm
not sure if you can hear the cars guys
but there's a lot of Mercedes here I
think it's a Mercedes AMG event look at
that slick AMG car oh oh boy Matt gray
loads oh wow this actually got a
carbon-fibre bonnet anyways mom and
sister are over here what's up you ready
to go in okay let's go let's go let's go
see what they vent about here we are
boys we just got on the track as you can
see lighting up to do that drag race
this car looks amazing y'all look at
that s 63 coupe a AMG it's contender is
over there it's a very gorgeous yellow I
think so like a neon yellow let's see
what this race does I put my bets on the
s63 guys I don't know why I feel like
it's more powerful
so I'm quickly going to go up this
staircase to get a better view for you
guys of the races as you saw there guys
my vet was right the s63 did win but I
okay I'm fine I'm climbing these stairs
to go up
my bets are the jelly guides the
four-wheel drive let's see am i right
again or not two one go Oh
I was right boys I was right the s63 is
back right now and it's got a new
contender
okay I've got a better idea guys I'm
going to come down the track so we can
actually see everything a bit further
down to see who actually wins because
for up here like I kind of see who's
ahead but I can't see any comeback so
yeah jelly vs. s63 guys
whatever I was a one-man region I think
maybe he he went before they even
started
hi guys this is the fun let's see
Wow s63 killed that 900-horsepower guys
the two cards you see over there now are
the finalists so s63 versus another car
about to head out whoever wins this wins
the competition Oh
who on bat would you think wounds I
don't know you wonder my console like
there were so close as you're bossing
okay I'm not sure exactly who won guys
but they had like a little bit of a
difference over there but yeah who do
you think won no idea okay we'll see
I'll offer baguettes to how about this
tournament if I win you buy me ice cream
for two weeks if you win because you
clean my room for two weeks how about
that okay so after like ten minutes guys
of discussing with the judges the two
cars are actually going to do a rematch
basically they came in so close to each
other that you could not tell who the
winner was so they're going again for
another lap this is good the finals I'm
rooting the e-class like after I heard
the sound it makes I think it's going to
take the win I'm not too sure though
so in fact the winner was actually this
eClass guys here's everybody we are done
over here at the drag racing event got
to see a couple of the cars this Hummer
got one of the coolest exhaust sounds
ever
oh did you oh I've never heard of a
Hummer like that that's going really
nice sound let's go now
okay mom
okay
what's happening what king of the jungle
out here rock on kitty rock oh oh I just
heard your scream holes across it yeah
pretty expensive bed over here well was
she's trying to scratch it and jumping
off this ah
poor poor expensive bed hey buddy hey
buddy what's up bubbles is getting
straight into this mill time for us guys
look at this open it open it open it so
I didn't promise you to open a couple
pieces of mail once we got home sir just
gonna be these little four packets over
here and yeah let's get straight into
this this one sounds like it's got a lot
of stuff in there so open up and let's
see what's up our cats are way too
excited by the way they're just there I
can quickly open it up is it impossible
okay let's do this person we'll get onto
that then you got oh damn
son no but you know every event you go
to you put tissues in your ear maybe
they sent you it cuz guys basically you
know we got two carbons they're super
loud and we put tissues in our ears I'm
guessing somebody saw the tissues all
like yeah
you guys put tissues in your heads I'm
Jess it's not what you do
Carmen's again Oh loud noise when you're
in here
hear the boom bah what bro I'm pretty
sure the guys ran it nicely you're just
like proof you know I'm whenever I'm
tired I'm always on using my words or
say something really ridiculous like the
other day poor girl like do you call
these cars no I could good bye honestly
I'm 4 hours of sleep that day I said I
hope you guys do a blog on the new BMW I
don't know that'd be awesome
it's actually a good idea I'm gonna find
one thank you so much thank you for the
earplugs
I think there's earrings in there this
is a bit of an overstatement guys from
El time so let's put that back and you
just get a straight one that's a bit
better flip it and boom hey why did this
just happen yeah no I cannot see what it
is
it said earrings I think it's Gucci
earrings is there such a thing no it
must be inside it there it must be
inside it man open it it's better be for
me guys this better be for me what is it
earrings I knew it there's earrings in -
so maybe one in each wait I've owned it
hahaha let's see let's see are you
seeing it on my hand oh my goodness
wow that's actually really nice this is
gorgeous
thank you I don't we've done this
there's no note nothing well that's why
you open that packet wait
can I just fit it on please I'm so
excited
honestly oh oh oh is this some earrings
from oh is this some earrings from oh
there's no no okay well thank you to
whoever sent it let's see Cheers
oh my god no I got like I think I think
this one is for me now guys no joke I'm
gonna be honest I once had one of my
ears pierced once a lot of them pierced
by let it close I don't know why I did
it
whoever sent these these are gorgeous
and unbelievable our company guy sent me
this honestly Wow
shout out to the plug shout out to the
blog i zoom in on this like this is
gorgeous
guys guys guys
um confuse me I'm sorry that we're
complete idiots
I didn't you see it I saw that we
completely forgot about a guy's there
was a show here letter the first thing
that came out it was a lad we could
really go excited at the gift I saw a
letter boom my the first thing that came
out was the lair guys yes you put on the
side we got super excited and completely
forgot I came with a lair ah the way
we're like nobody sent a letter with it
please choose the ones you like best
mommy mommy oh yeah you're about to
steal both of them law that was like
oh my god watch on Joe the heart says
all the best from UK fans long wait
Lolly's laugh out loud ah this is
remember we got a card from UK fans
oh that card is in my room yeah
and they said this on his own yeah so
it's from UK man shout-out to the UK bag
I still don't know how we completely
missed the card like the first thing
that came out the card and we were like
there was no letter inside yeah is huge
shout out to the UK fans their second
time on the milk I'm so sweet thank you
guys so much
wow this is like the most tightly
packaged thing ever
I can still sanity I think if anyone
wanted to check this on the way they
just give up okay we like it
oh yeah oh it's chocolate are you
serious
all this packaging for chocolate no does
bear piece of actual stuff what is this
there's not it's a Vegemite a what what
is Vegemite I have no idea let me see it
limited edition don't you see that oh
you were dropping apart here look yeah
you're just making yourself okay you
just kicked himself in the face okay
take the red your money you gotta know
this stuff stuff what is it what is
inside there let me see let me see what
the hell is that this is like your
makeup stuff are you serious the hell
and they sent us a factory of makeup
this is so cool guys oh my god check it
out
like I have no idea what all of these
things yo we just got a bunch of make
okay guys that they're confused from now
on I think people need to write - Lana
Rose for Lana Rhodes because what the
hell is makeup doing on my vlog Channel
nowadays like this is literally like
guys 50 pieces of makeup look all of
this all of this makeup for Lana what
anyways thank you what is this raving
beauty thank you so much to raving
beauty is room for all of this makeup
stuff yeah thank you
Amy this stuff looks so cool I'm gonna
try it out from what what is this do you
even know what this is like is this I
honestly have no idea but it looks like
it's just some glittery like powder is
like for makeups I'm out of here wait
did I even get anything in today's no
time oh yeah I got that Vegemite
chocolate what the hell was that
I got a vegetable jump Lamar in ml time
all I got was a chocolate bar and she
gets like $200 worth of makeup a Gucci
earring like the hell talk about
equivalency and my sister just went out
to wash your Lamborghini but look at the
view you get from the CCTV light it
looks so cool looking at somebody from
CCTV it's like such a unique angle right
yeah what's up you know what you offered
me by the way wait wait yeah project
flood the street successful boys it was
already out the project flood the street
is now successful guys look at that
there was already a flood last night and
now we recreate our own here look at
that guys yo look look at this guys so
much water here oh my god well what can
I do got it stuck behind us there I hope
you enjoyed today's vlog I'm gonna wrap
it up and Amy's guys why didn't make him
nervous of it Aires guys I hope you
enjoyed today's vlogs there's gonna be
some awesome blogs coming up soon so
stay tuned for some more and yeah I hope
guys enjoy today see you guys tomorrow
yo yo
goodbye
