yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so I'm currently on the phone they put
me on hold
and basically yesterday I bought myself
some credit from my phone
and I kind of messed up when I scratched
it so I'm kind of on the phone can you
see the middle five completely messed up
basically I try to scratch you my nails
and the numbers came up so I'm on the
phone trying to get my credit back they
just put me on hold and they're trying
to fix it from yourself let's see how
this goes
come on come on guys we can do this got
it
yeah I thought they came right through
there hello thank you for everything $44
hello hi hey can you show me the car can
I please please color on old okay I just
wanna let you know I don't uh well isn't
that great guys they couldn't even help
me over the phone basically I have to go
to their business center because there's
like an error message on this card so
yeah I don't think I'll do that say you
know what giveaway guys if you guys can
guess the numbers on that thing you can
have the credit because I'm not sure if
I can go today might end up going
tomorrow but if I don't know you guys
take against just all try and type that
number in and see if it works for you if
it does congratulations
200 rooms of credit for you my mum said
we're not giving up on the credit
because she wants her money she actually
paid for the credit so we're gonna go to
the shop that she boy and see if they
can do anything there because the
business centre is quite far not too far
but you know you'd prefer not to like
drive half an hour when you can drive
like two minutes away to your shop and
maybe they can sort out so that's what
we're doing we made over to our shops
let's see if this actually works I doubt
it because I don't know it might
actually work because I guess
they might have liked a better business
connection loser guys loser they didn't
give us the card we do have to go to the
business center but you know I just
bought myself another 200 credit because
I have to have my internet I'm always
snapping and stuff like that so you know
I had to I'm finally home now and I
wanted to talk to you guys because
there's a comment that's been like
spammed out on my comment section every
single day and it's kind of annoying me
because it actually gets a top comment
and it's called hash tag project kill
grumpy cat like what is this poor guy
done to you guys like he's legit I'm not
a cage look she had me very badly but
he's just a very angry cat guys like why
do you want to kill him like like okay
he ran away you see he knew you guys had
something for him he's gone under my car
but leave the guy alone man was that
poor cat done to you guys let even kitty
and bubbles have been looking outside at
him like what is he doing what is he
doing
I feel bad for a grumpy - I don't know
why he just makes very moody all the
time it doesn't seem like he's having
much fun anyways let's go inside and see
what's up me and my sister are actually
heading out right now
and we're gonna go somewhere I guess
kind of different and I'm not even sure
if I can record it basically we're going
to an antique gallery now by the way
guys if you can hear my voice twice
that's because my grandma is watching my
video and she just recently discovered
what my channel is so she's been like
flicking through one of the videos but
yeah as I was saying we're going to
light this antique gallery we got
invited and we're like you know what why
not so okay you are very smart slash
elegant by the way am I allowed in my
jeans is a bull I don't think I'm
allowed to jeans
should I change to black jeans okay I'm
gonna change the black jeans just in
case they don't let me in because it's a
pretty formal place is my black jeans
upstairs
alright don't worry I got it oh yeah
boys we have some formal pants on okay
that's clearly where my shoes were kind
of late to this thing look at the
program of vlogging in this car no light
there is no light in this car
I need to bring a torture myself now
look look at this what we'll talk about
vlog light over here by the way I'm
stuck with my sister's music on the way
there so it's not going to be great this
is the worst song ever anyways let's go
ahead
I have to change the songs guys so I
could have heard that one second year
stuck in traffic waking up in two
projects
why are you sucks the morning
weak-looking my god look at this traffic
we're not gonna make it we're definitely
not we're already half an hour late
bridges the beach honey that's my dad on
my break so here we are guys this is the
entrance to the Emirates Towers which we
are going to so this is gonna be a
pretty fancy gallery Webre is I hope I
can show you what it is because I don't
even know like you know sometimes these
art galleries you say oh don't take a
photo of the art pieces so see once we
get there how the situation is but for
now we have to go get the car in for
valet these are the Emirates Towers by
the way for all if you're wondering what
they are I'm gonna go enter and see
what's up Wow look at the entrance not
bad at all we just made it over to the
art gallery place and basically it's a
huge art gallery as I said so we're
gonna start in this corner guys as you
can see some spectacular pieces yeah I'm
not really artistic in my mind so yeah
that is blurry in the corner let's go
see what they have over here got a lot
of pieces over here what I think this is
the style they're going for so check out
this piece guys this whole thing is one
art piece from left to right and it
actually goes for between 400 and 600
thousand dollars
that's approximately half a million this
is going to get auctioned off on Tuesday
or Thursday guys but look at it yeah I
know you have to have like a huge villa
like because this is one hell of a piece
I can't even fit the whole thing in the
frame that's how massive it in you can
still not fit it even as far as I go
back wow that is humongous anyways let's
move on but yeah guys we're just taking
a look at a couple things over here I
wonder what that is like is that an art
piece can you purchase that what's your
surprises in this so you must be able to
walk in you know what
thug life guys thug life the thug life
chose me my sister is telling me before
we were like quickly going around the
area don't come in here what if the
alarm goes off oh my god how I reckon is
it's 300 thousand dirhams if not even
focuses there you go I'm gonna be honest
guys I'm not the biggest person when it
comes to art like pieces like the
drawing but I like cool things I don't
know what this thing is it looks like
it's a mirror bowl a mirror bowl okay
and that cost a hundred thousand US
dollars but this is the type of stuff I
like you know that movie where they're
robots are made out of like junk and
stuff this kind of looks like it it
looks really really awesome I like that
I like that a lot
oh look at this one guys it looks so sad
why so sad
okay we are now my favorite section
which is both the watches and the back
so let's go take a look at some I think
you can actually try someone is also
yeah let's try on some really expensive
watches and take a look at some other
one check out this diamond they have
over here guys what that's here what is
that what do you even call that 100
carat
know what that is that's insane so could
I absolutely love my watches guys I'm
going to try on my Richard Mills
okay so let's slide this bad boy on
and you know the price for this one or
estimate think it's there you go 50 to
70 USD that's I should breathe cool one
of my absolute favorite watches thank so
much by the way guys in this section
they've got these really expensive bags
they've got Louboutin bags and these are
Hermes bags I'm not sure of all if you
know what these are but they're pretty
much a very expensive bag brand and yeah
my sister loves them so let's have a
couple photos for her fur I think she
just did some major shopping ahead
because my sister's balling out here
she's going to try on this fully diamond
watch that they have over here so you
know you're gonna buy it what whoa what
are you talking about man I'm out man I
need stripper there you go sweetie I win
oh yes because it's gone I don't know
how many characters after that it's
actually a lot of diamonds in there
yeah so there you go guys that is a new
watch do you like it we might come back
an auction for it basically the auctions
only opened in like another two days
guys so anything you see you can try on
now and if you like it you can come back
and pay for it I'm pretty nice anyways
guys we're going to head off right now
we quickly took a quick look at all the
stuff over here and yeah we actually
took a catalog for the watches because
that's why not so for now we're going to
leave
look at the stairs that's why I really
like do you really want to walk it
though I let's leave one of my favorite
things about this place is actually the
hotel section you know when you just
come in as you can see I'd love like you
know elevators which are visible to
everybody just looks so so cool isn't
this the one you posted an Instagram
video of once final thing before we
leave is this huge bouquet of flowers
wow this looks absolutely gorgeous that
is really really nice anyways I think
we're done over here that is the last
thing by the way guys look who I ran
into again it's Assad you guys oh noes
Instagram check it out again the orange
lambo guy so I'll put in the description
he came to our event is over looking
around together and we've got both the
bad boys out here as you can see anyways
we're gonna head off now amazing they
were so amazing views and yeah peace I
absolutely love this car look at the two
cars next to each other they just look
so so gorgeous as you can see we also
got Rolls Royce behind that I'm gonna
head off in my sister's car obviously
the view is amazing
anyways let's get headed and go
Luzi the wing go up with that oh great
thank you for all of that blog Twitter
again she's cleaning the window I was
lucky
that's how we say a hot man Ragini
mounted or in orange looks so gorgeous
at night by the way
brother Bentley over there g-wagen now
you're biking next to us hey hey
this time I think the bikes gonna take
it seriously I got him he's getting
ready he's getting ready
I know nothing nothing hi that's
surprising I'm proud of the laughs oh
yeah once you're winning for once got
the bike followed us followed us into
our area oh boy oh boy guys so I just go
home and I check my Instagram and
basically let me tell you like the
context behind this on my video a day
with the Batmobile in the video I said
guys prtscn this moment and post it on
Instagram and I cover my feed and look
what I see what the absolute hell is
going on my feet is completely spammed
out with that picture now what I've
never had that happen before hey let me
let me show you much this is awesome on
talking about look at you know your tag
section look at my tag section what is
this all different people by the way I
told them to tag me in that photo but I
didn't expect me what I should be doing
what is I eight or nine and the thing is
I love the fact that nothing else is
interrupted it you know it's like back
to back let me see again that's every
grand finally guys food is home but I
don't have a key
do you have the key please give me the
key I want my food okay sent me this
Eiffel Tower because without it I don't
know all right can I get the key I need
my food okay you're Scott what's up you
got my food yeah yeah all right we got
the food I'm spicy ah exactly what I
wanted thank you so I had to show this
to you guys because we just got invited
to one of our friends weddings but look
at the invitation box that came like it
is ridiculously beautiful okay this is a
real peacock feather look how gorgeous
that is by the way this whole thing is
suede I'm not sure how well you guys can
see that
and it says mo
Plus Lana Rose which is hilarious that's
really really awesome I had to share
this with you and there's some really
cool stuff inside which my sisters are
going to show you right now so let me
show you what's inside this beautiful
box you've got like this amazing luxury
brand which by Jimmy Choo they actually
had a little person there Wow and guys
if you don't know Jimmy Choo is like a
brand like it's a proper brand yeah we
were surprised Wow
there you go guys that's the little mini
purse that came inside it and it comes
with a perfume inside it that's really
really awesome but moving on to my
favorite part about this there was
chocolates inside it take all of the
chocolates are the best buy patchy Wow
oh you dropped my bar chocolate man Wow
huge thank you to our friend can't wait
to go to that wedding
awesome awesome stuff anyways I'm gonna
wrap up today's vlog here guys and
before I do I kind of want to talk to
you guys I'm gonna be honest I've got a
couple of meetings scheduled and it's
about stuff related with my youtube now
honestly speaking me and my youtube
channel I run everything I upload the
videos I do my emails for now anyways
and it does get hectic I was talking you
guys a bit by yesterday I think so
unless I edited it out but it can get
very hectic and very busy and stuff like
that and that's kind of this meetings
about
I might have people working with me from
now on we'll see if I can come to any
sore like arrangement with them because
most the time you know I don't but you
know if I don't go through these
meetings you never know you can't move
forward they're all like learning curves
and yeah hopefully I mean I can work out
something because it will make the
youtubes seem a lot less stressful to be
honest YouTube's the hardest part isn't
making the videos or uploading them and
stuff like that it's just everything to
do the checking your emails like posting
on it
snapchat everything like that adds up so
much and imagine trying to reply to as
many as I can every day like on emails
in comments in DMS they go down in the
DM but yeah it's really really stressful
and that's why I'm kind of doing this
meeting to see if I could just get a
little of that stress away anyways I'm
gonna wrap up today's lucky I hope you
have enjoyed my shirt going to this like
art gallery thing like there's levels to
people that are wealthy and like I swear
and use these galleries you're like damn
they're paying a million dirhams for
like a paying this big this big and I'm
like alright alright you know I'm just
gonna back I'm gonna back out here I got
can't afford any of this so you know but
yeah I'm just kidding guys hopefully you
have enjoyed today's vlog I wore one of
my favorite watches which was the
Richard Mill today you're not just had
it on my wrist for a couple seconds and
then I like it you could take it back
and yeah see you guys some more for
another vlog stay awesome everybody love
you all
yah yah yah no bye
