I love
top of the morning PR yo yo yo everyone
welcome to another vlog so me and mom
are starting today off we're gonna go
around do some stuff collect some post
you know the regular daily runs shimmy
shimmy shimmy to the right
shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy few look
where we are
emirates post back at RPO box guys you
know what's really really funny I kid
you not how long have we been to the
post office and the lights for our
corridor have not been fixed okay look
at this corner right guys every other
corridor the lights are working you see
that lights are working only ours is
never working like never ever ever ooh
buddy before I actually go collect the
packages let me show you this postcard
that came pretty funny stuff let
mobilises KMZ mustang Lana honey Lambo
shout-out to my boy monster man thank
you for this postcard here you go
first stop of the day very successful
for those of you thought I was weird
when I had crisps and yogurt see runs in
the family runs in the family she has it
straight from the top man lineysha look
I have it like in a little bowl we have
my Superman and Batman stuff over there
but yeah how does it taste
exactly don't play yourself I told you
is good you guys didn't believe me
try it try it out any Christmas any
yogurt just make sure it's a crisp that
you like like there's no specific one
any brand any Christmas just buy plain
Greek yogurt and dip that just try
it by the way when I said dip that
I mean dip it in I met dip it in
yogurt did that do it me my MA she
heading back out right now and I'm
hoping I can go see Linden today now if
you guys don't know he's in a hospital
and he's not feeling too well
I hope we can go visit him I think he
was asleep because I just called him and
he didn't answer but since I do have to
go collect post from Kurama which is
closer than here to his hospital we're
gonna go there and hopefully by the time
we're there I know where he's at so yeah
maybe you can see him today if not hope
he does well and yeah stuff like that
you know what I mean
anyways car is on do you hear that
constant like dude what is that I don't
even know what that is the birds get out
the way anyways as I was saying I feel
to push my car today
who listen to that car California
special baby
here goes nothing boys here goes nothing
I think these bikers on a race
they're getting
oh yeah this is too far too fast to
recurrently at the post office guys my
package should be coming out I think
it's like to kill around so let's see
what it is I hope it's like something
massive so it looks really cool but
we'll see well they do say you get what
you asked for what this thing is massive
it's actually way too big like I did not
expect it to be this big you know I'm
happy but it's very light so it's got me
like suspicious like what is it I don't
know if you think it's a pillar that's a
pillar sister ajan it's a villa don't
know how you hold it mommy hold it I
think it actually could be a pillow yeah
do you think I don't know we'll have to
see later on
anyways I did call him them he's not
feeling too well so he won't see him
today I think we'll see him another day
but it was cool to come pick this up the
side you know my mom has the worst ideas
ever like I didn't even cool inman and
we went and got flowers because I
actually thought he was in the hospital
but he's not you know what I will keep
them flowers for later when we see him
but yeah I think he got dispatched from
the hospitals at home now but that's
good at least she might be feeling a bit
better so yeah guys I just got home and
the craziest thing ever has happened to
me so my friend called me and said your
mole you don't believe me I'm looking at
somebody who is identical to you and I
was like yeah right he probably has like
a little bit of similarities I know bro
this guy is you're like identical
look-alike I like okay send me a picture
he took a picture of the guy no joke I'm
about to show you right now it's on my
phone this guy could pull off being me
better than I could okay you guys ready
to see this picture look at this okay
what oh my god guys that is the look
like and that is me like if that was the
same scenario guys I guarantee you guys
could not tell us apart and look at that
tell me that you guys would not think
that's me from behind like that's me I
just took this picture right now over
here on that chair and that is the other
guy that is crazy that is so crazy
oh my god that's crazy so I don't know
why I'm doing this by dick promise you
guys I'd be doing another snapchat video
so without further ado I'm going to be
reacting to some of your snapchats and I
just hope that you guys do not
completely roast me because you guys saw
if you on snapchat are complete savages
let's get into this some oh dude your
videos are insane a car is life in the
UAE looks amazing I see when you're
restoring a straw we're starting off
strong Thank You Man thank you for that
nice that jacket / Burgundy never said
anything
he literally never said anything okay
okay
boy obviously I love Lana she's gonna
fire me I want to be easy turn that guy
is a savvy what's the name what's his
name from the stage we say what's up yo
yo squat what is your favorite team but
as y'all but mine is Real Madrid - my
man mine is real mature - that guys
you guys okay you know respect to the
guy that likes me read your friend don't
know I don't
Thank You Alice pop rocks on radio and
that's my kid I remember this guy get
shut up - you best replace your favorite
essential - nice
hi mommy thank you so much for uploading
videos on your job and me cuz very happy
have a great day thank you
this is easy typical of snapchat users
they have to flip me off party is going
on
why didn't I like oh man crazy ass get
up I'm sitting my t√≠o or right here
Marino drift off you know drift car and
I like your biggest fan of comics watch
the latest video please include me in
the video alright thank you appreciate
it so much
No oh I'm jealous no that is a crazy
collection why does that sound so creepy
I'm Freeland I'm pretty high hey what's
up my way
I'm from England those shoes are so dope
not even gonna lie I'd love them so much
I might get myself back Oh
you charge that - I never knew that to
be honest so that's cool for me pit stop
at nothing the for burn more I have a
tradition why don't you have a
girlfriend
it's just hard
how do you like me no no no I don't
destroy as I might I know the strikers
I can't hear you need to do it you you
physically need to talk for me to hear
you and then I'm looking 50s as I PhD by
myself any new suggestions on what to
visit between thank um you're a girl so
probably the Bible both Emirates will
have your shopping needs there you go
thank you Oh mom is my mom Sally hi
hello I love
okay Albert loves random snap job see mo
oh man we love you
one word mustang manual a lot thank you
yeah there doesn't that's my squad guys
we didn't know hi my I'm Sofia and I
love your vlogs and videos they have
same things so Thank You Sofia I love
you that's enough of me with snapchat
for today thank you all for sending in
your snaps and yeah I had a lot of fun
thank you I really love interacting with
you guys good and bad it can it's all
good fun and games
anyways by the way don't forget that's
my snap named Mohammed dude I don't know
why it's a random name don't ask me I
made it I can't change it just follow me
there and you can get involved in the
next one so my sister is home and it's
time to break the news to her I kid you
want to know the news and I haven't told
it by the way it's not like I've told
her anything is okay don't you wanna
hear what's going on
somebody is stalking us stop yes they
are literally following us are taking
photos of me while I'm saying down now
kick that that's one photo that's crazy
right that is not you is it a Hadji no
that is not you blow easy lady how did
you know that woman I can tell I'm your
sister but that looks so similar to me
okay wait let me get mommy's phone we
did a recreation of that pho I swear we
look identical though if we're second
when I love
you know how liquid Allah is not you
okay I can't tell the like small dick
here you know yeah okay the only thing
is his beard this section I'm empty but
I didn't think you know anyways wait one
second I'm gonna get my mom started to
show her here is my recreation of that
photo lightly school I know the beard is
not full but come on put it next to each
other and that looks really awesome okay
fine fine she's too smart guys yeah that
was it by the way look what we got at
the post office that massive box this
huge thing over here it's actually not
that heavy weight on second let me let's
take it going to open it now
we'll do one piece no time the only
reason I'm actually opening this tonight
just cuz I'm really curious to see what
it is it is can I start yeah go for it I
have no idea extremely big but extremely
light so I don't know Mahmut so just be
careful you know it's like you always
make it look better some creatures I can
say cuz you're like yeah actually very
scared for a second why is every
package nowadays okay a few moments
later we will get into this box to see
what it is squished doorstop moving in
there I told her just open it oh thank
god guys look at our view right now like
there's just loads of broken foam in
there just tear it up man Mohammed dude
that's your stuff yeah that's nice dad
yet oh my gosh what is this what is that
guys I'm kind of confused as to what
this is oh I still don't know what this
is ah that explains all of the packaging
foam okay so the first thing we got as
you can see is this wooden bowl um yeah
thank you so much we're just going to
continue just going through this box
Oh your key chains I'm sure Bonnie
it says body on doors of all these are
body where's body I don't know but I
think it must be small easy in Indonesia
um I don't judge me don't judge me I
guess from body adverts from thank you
so much more stuff from body thank you
oh look at you keep it bubbling city
look at that I do say
I want to open this honor look at this
on guys that is adorable we got a bubble
and Kitty swing this is cute
ah Larry I'm just going to keep on
pushing that on the blog these are
actually a lot of cool souvenirs thank
you I'm Chris - we got more struggling
where ever this is from I think wooden
handcrafted things are very popular
because literally everything in this box
was wooden so thank you Indonesia it's
in Asia I knew it I knew it
don't usually here they see something in
Terminator Wow
Marlin Ambala this actually looks really
old someday I'm gonna play around with
it it is no no wow that is epic
thank you so much Raleigh like full
fridge magnet from Akbar ah thank you so
much Akbar and that is that it's a
pretty cool box I've never had something
like that to go take this books anyways
thank you guys for tuning in to today's
vlog gonna wrap it up here thank you so
much at raffle all of these gifts that
is so much stuff and some really cool
notes I don't know if this is like the
current note because it looks really
antique but regardless it's all going in
the collection and yeah I love you all
anyways stay safe everybody and yeah as
always Yolo Yolo good boy
