like that sound
yo yo everybody welcome to another vlog
so today's look is actually gonna be
special again so I hope you guys enjoy
it right now I'm heading over to exotic
cars and you guys know the Batmobile the
other day I'm gonna be seeing that today
and vitaliy cuz he's doing a video with
it now I won't say why at the moment so
you guys can check it out later on but
it should be really fun and yeah let's
go over and see what's up by the way
guys my mom and grandma actually running
today so I had to come give them the key
before I left right
see you later peace bye bye grandma I
love you it is so hot today like my left
arm is boiling just because of the Sun
from this side anyways I'm driving now
heading over there to see some of the
cars there should be other cars because
it's like a car show so I'll show you as
much as I can today and yeah should be
dope okay I just laid it over to the car
showroom and there is so many cars in
here like my favorite one you guys
always know the Laffer re obviously
beautiful car there's so many cars in
this shirt as you can see Italian the
crew over there sup okay I'll join you
guys outside but look at how many cars
are in here guys you got the i8 the
Porsche
wow this showroom is remarkable anyways
we're gonna go out and get the Batmobile
going and see what's up pretty much we
made it over to the beach with the
Batmobile and
mentioned or guys check this out black
Aventador as you can see whoo hey bro go
with Aventadors welcome hi
vendedores barking up here shadow Johnny
by the way guys this Batmobile has a
twin-turbo Corvette engine so that's why
makes so much noise
finally the noise is ten times louder
than a Lamborghini
Oh anyways guys today we're just going
to be going around in the back of you
and the aventador doing some filming
like this car is absolutely crazy one of
one I can't it just turned on the event
dome or going around vlogging with their
little I mean we probably cover on it
because it attracts so much attention
you wanted it to calm down for a little
while but yeah as you can see Batali's
over there walking around and I get em
across the street for a second they're
moving the Aventador I'm guessing
Wow
it's cars really loud I thought I'd show
you the interior of this battle of your
one it's open it's actually really
really cool if you can see inside there
these screens are it's got four screens
along there we'll try and turn it on a
bit later but it gives you like a 360
view up around the car I Johnny or as I
just turned on the Aventador holds that
for a video I know you know that I do
that all the time just like the switch
on it okay that guys now have you driven
one before
really love it really American cars I
love them
we're just chilling out here you know
with the cars the Batmobile and
everything's exclusive what I
no we're not playing around you special
cloth alert this up bless up covering
the Batmobile because we have the
Batmobile here we actually have a Batman
mask if I could do the voice stand I'm
the worst guy I can't do it but yeah we
wanted to take cold fours so we got the
mask as well it's so hot in this thing
so I mean just pop it off oh okay it's
stuck back my head oh this is so hard
but yeah we're doing a big out here
you'll see what this is for layer of
that it's dope it's dealt yeah Robin out
here as well Batman's assistant guys oh
by the way guys this is Amir and I had
to let you know because he actually made
the Batmobile yes made it so he's like a
genius of cars knows how to build them
but super awesome to have you on the
book thank you so much as we have
special videos to come soon like ah this
is just amazing
can't even like turn on my car let him
build a car that's just amazing check
this out we have Batwoman
Wow
do you like that sound since I know all
if you're going to ask me to do this I'm
gonna go show you the interior of the
bat review I'm not exactly sure how to
get in this pretty boy whoa okay there
we go guys we are in the back of your we
finally go in there I'm going to show
you the interior of the car so it's got
lots and lots of switches I have no idea
what they do so I'm not going to touch
any we've also got I told you a 360 view
of around the car two screens over there
and then two on the left to kind of give
you the view of all the outside the car
but apart from that steering wheel gas
pedal all the basics
awesome awesome car I'm gonna hop out
this that's the hardest part hopping out
of this car
it's like okay how do I get Scott
everybody's eye outside digging balls
okay we are out in the car so hard to
get in that guy hey I had to show you
this guys cuz look at what the keys are
attached to the keys of the back we are
in my hand which are these two things
very basic right but they've customized
out with a little Batman Lego and a
Batman symbol looks awesome having these
in my hand what by the way since I'm
here guys I want to show you something
equipment these guys used to vlog like
look at this whole bag in here we have a
drone and oh my god I know all of you
wanted me to get one but it's just so
like this is proper cinematography type
stuff this is what I meant when I said
it has a 360 vision up around the road
you see all of these cameras are on
showing you ever
thing like even on the other side there
we have cameras showing you the road Wow
I think they're loading it onto the
truck now because we finished blocking
it and doing stuff like that they have
to actually you hook the batmobile rod
they're hooking this bad boy up and
pulling it they're actually going to be
pulling it up the ramp
shut up some yo-yo squad I met out here
oh let's go let's go this is madness
right you have any message to the yes
good yes so you know what these guys are
heroes like Aventador yeah yeah well
yeah we're just chilling I think we're
gonna move it we're gonna go for another
Drive it goes kind of busy here just
drive around look a bit more Hey look at
this
Louis how are you gonna Bentley out here
peace alright let's go my corner it's a
car madness out your luxury cars
supercars I see on the other side sake
I'm gonna go you gotta go sorry I love
this car what is this car by the way pmw
750 lb all sensors here the luxury cars
enough so I was somewhat their hectic
attack at the 9-month old ah we got to
look at this year this is amazing got
the bad-boy view things I never got to
show you but they opened up a skate park
here which is I don't I look at this it
is so massive it's like this official
xline skatepark but we're actually going
to Lantis right now yeah what's up man
y'all gonna vlog no what's up man no way
shout out to do your squad anyways guys
that was awesome meeting some of you
guys were actually rushing off to Lantis
right now to do a bit of filming over
there as well but yeah we're such a rush
right now rather late
what's up what's up what's up I'm here
with Mo vlogs you now is guys and I'm
the ones long before much Russia yeah
but hey we got he's in the leg alright
yeah and we're all behind the scenes of
this uh this blog this blog can release
it right special we're trying to go
somewhere where it's a bit calm because
you know we don't want too many people
but no it should be true it should be
true anyways see you guys once we get to
our location
please do you guys know that the
Aventador is my favorite car look at
these doors up you got out here taking
bows and the view is incredible if you
see that guy's look we got the board
you'll Arab in the background
it's just lit right now that movie was
being brought down over there guys
you don't realize it's actually really
hard to bring the Batmobile down like a
heavy car need to properly slowly bring
it down but I'm just loving this
Aventador
this thing is so sexy got the wrist game
on point look at that that is a bull you
should screenshot post on like instagram
and tag me but love this car to bits man
love this car as you can see this is
Robin oh yeah vitaliy over there and is
your Batman super suppose I'm actually
sing in the Aventador moving the car
little yeah this car is laughs this car
is laude woman it's going slow I got I
got you're gonna move this traffic well
this cars mad I just had a three second
ride in that card okay no through sales
like ten and my heart dropped so bad you
saw that acceleration guys it's crazy
anyways the amount of traffic because
everyone's staring at the Batmobile I'm
actually gonna try and be like a
roadside assistance telling everybody to
move now I'm a traffic mover out here
today alright yeah okay Aventador coming
I also have Catwoman here today
she's also take suppose also so yeah
taking some Batman theme foes out here
it's awesome like the cars and
everything so thank you for reading on
the blog yeah shoutouts outrageous
that's your music group right outrageous
outrageous you can follow me on
Instagram for sure what is it I'll leave
in the description or you can say now is
Lara I'm the lion Lopez and the line of
the show check your channel allo
official Lala - no RJ a little did
they're doing a big out here
chillin in the battery I see how is it
there gee I haven't seen is it like
sturdy
that's also shout-out I'm here sorry
yeah I saw the insights got like a 360
view yeah Oh Batman sweet like darling
that's good
yeah this all of the phones gabbing what
is this anyways guys today's load was
really really cool
I was just like kind of chillin with
that mostly hopefully I figure one
that's good perfect Jonathan Vitaly
awesome vlogging today winter coming
watch me now I was amazing like okay so
the Tally's blog is finished right now
and everybody's heading out they got
what they wanted for their videos but
I'm going to be dropping Catwoman and
I'm bad with names I'm matinees yeah
their manager to the car so yeah let's
go
I kid you not we've been in traffic for
over an hour and we barely moved light
look at me that you are happy right now
I just remarkable anyways let's drive
okay so every time I vlog it's like a
lucky charm the traffic opens up
oh please oh my god this is like very
fast
yeah compared to what we were going so
guys I did mention that Laura is a
singer and she's actually gonna sing you
one line so I want in the comment
section rate from 1 to 10 it's gonna be
a 10 but yeah let's hear it but now it's
because I'm hungry
yes this is because she's hungry she's
saying yes okay let's see what you got
how want some Chinese food some Chinese
food
don't Chinese food oh my mind right now
I personally don't like Chinese anyways
guys I'll see you go home tonight and
see maybe like Chinese you there yeah so
look on my left guys we have Atlantis at
night at least we get to see this
gorgeous view traffic is picked up a
little bit but not too much
I checked that view out that's
ridiculous that's awesome anyways
hopefully it looks to be getting faster
and faster so we should be home fairly
quick wow that sounded like a explosion
I've got like the biggest headache ever
right now
oh hello what's up grandma good good I'm
great
oh okay and I've got five minutes to
upload a video what's up mummy oh my god
today was such a hectic day whew now
that I'm home to speech you guys because
you do not realize how tired I am if you
guys follow me on snapchat you would see
everything like today I'm believin sure
how much i vlog I was trying to do as
much as I couldn't but the main thing
was Vitaly was recording for his stuff
and I was trying to like not overlap
with it if you know I mean just so I
wouldn't like ruin his shots and stuff
like that to be honest the main reason I
went guys was
learn now I love learning personally to
see how others do stuff and you know
when there's a big youtuber in town and
I love YouTube so let me see how they do
stuff you saw their equipment like it
was like cameras and like drones and
everything it was just madness but I had
an amazing day I'm gonna go wash my
hands and eat cuz I swear we were stuck
in traffic for so long I haven't eaten
like the whole day like I left the
breakfast and that's it I had like a
drink till now and it's nine o'clock yes
I don't 94 so I'm just gonna eat up now
funeral you've our mom huge thank you to
her for making me food and yeah I'll
continue after that let me just have
like a one-hour break
oh my god okay I actually forgot to buy
my mom and grandma some milk on the way
home so I'm heading back out I'm not
sure if you can tell how scruffy I am
like even though we didn't do too much
we were out in the Sun for so so long
today you can probably see how bronzed I
am just filming and stuff oh I was
hectic it was very hectic anyways thank
you mommy for being my Mustang key
outside I was too tired to walk back in
ah let's go sir over here at the shop as
you can see this place is like the
funkiest like trolleys ever look they
look like a basket you can attach to
this thing which is a trolley anyways
I'm gonna put that back and yeah the way
you like this man that you just pick up
the basket as you can see put it over
here and then that's that they've got
like two pieces you can grab and make
yourself a trolley with yo I finally
took a shower guys and I'm feeling fresh
like I was so tired and I initially got
home but now I'm thinking about today
like it was actually really cool like if
you think about it I stood on a 1
million dollar car with like a famous
youtuber and I I don't really think
about stuff on the moment kind of thing
but once I get home I'm like yo damn
like did that just happen but it was
super epic today filming with the crew
shot to exotic cars they had their cars
out there the vent door Jaromir with his
Batmobile he made that thing
but i'ma wrap up today's blog here it's
been such a long day like it kind of
goes to show like how much effort and
stuff goes into their videos and stuff
like my blogs are pretty chilled out by
hanging out with them today they're like
on an extreme level but I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog stay
awesome everybody stay happy
don't forget your own amazing Yolo Yolo
goodbye
