yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
Fram allistic blog so today I think
we're going to be heading out to like
this really cool garden place with loads
of flowers but I don't know why before
we head out to go there I thought it'd
be really cool to burn this $100 tissue
now I've seen pictures like this with
real money and obviously I'm not gonna
do that so we're gonna be burning this
$100 tissues now why not try outside
let's just try and put it in slow motion
is all okay come on
here goes nothing no let's go wow that
looks like real money you cannot even
lie okay
I'm not sure if this is the best idea
doing this inside but this is catching
fire pretty quick
I mean there you go guys
whoa okay yo-yo shy just drop this oh oh
my god oh oh my god oh my god oh my god
no no not a great idea more not a great
idea at all
whoo oh so much smoke uh we're lucky
there's no like fire thing in this house
like an alarm but wow there you guys I
started this look by being an idiot oh
boy by the way kids don't try this at
home
uh yeah basically I tried it so you guys
wouldn't but there you go not gonna lie
it looks so cool look at that
anyways I create just got a little mop
to clean that up I'm hoping I haven't
burnt the tiles I don't think they can
burn but let's just see okay please tell
me that this is not burnt under it
please no come on is that fern
okay now it's not burnt guys you see
that the wipes off there we go whoa
hello are you ready to see something
cool why are your lights off man are you
like a vampire
turn them on okay are you ready to see a
cool creation I made by the way it's
behind my back guys okay ready it's like
whoo I actually thought you bought real
money person it looks cool right must
your mother are you crazy
hundred dollars that's so awesome right
it looked cool Diane I was gonna put a
picture on Instagram like saying I'm
balling
yeah I'm balling trying to try it enjoy
give me $100 I'll try over here there is
some certain monies linka pasta I think
some more you'd like currencies in the
road maybe I think the Chinese Hong Kong
it looks very plasticky and unburnable
by the way I just want to show everybody
like this is where all your fan mail
goes a baby girl Lana and a load of
other teddy bears you have this is what
did end nothing - is hers that's also
fan mail that L um cards I think their
fan mail there's a lot of fan mail in
this room oh yeah these as well Wow
so there you go guys Lana is now finally
ready to go out into the garden we start
getting ready
we dress for the garden oh okay that's
where that came from
we started getting ready at two o'clock
when it was sunshine guys and if you
open the door wait ready I'll guys
two o'clock and now it's eight o'clock
six hours we're gonna let the yo-yo
squad decide who's lying here it goes I
take this long tube on a t-shirt in
daylight pink I snap in daylight in this
on it it was I shot yes good
I should okay fine fine you shouldn't be
is you see my if you see my nobody
follows is fair so guys we just okay be
careful mommy where's the guy just
walked in front of it of the green light
what the hell yeah we were actually
gonna go miracle way is it blurry no he
can see mark we were getting aware from
garden but the thing is it's actually a
late night and I'm not sure we can get
basic guys footage for you guys don't
like to see flowers yeah and there's no
sunlight I was telling my row that and
nobody was listening until they got in
the car instead Simon do is we're gonna
go to the game section yes I play some
games or playing some cool games
don't don't they were playing board
games which games we don't play that
darts dance revelution stop doing my
jeans oh you look so chance to go into
the garden not now you can hold your
dress and start flicking it around I
swear I hope it's me so awkward to be so
my girls are not painted I feel like my
toes look so weird when it's like a car
swerves our camp okay enjoy
okay mom mom okay guys if you guys are
part of Asian families and families your
moms do this in the middle of a song off
be like oh this makes me wanna cry I'm
seeing like my song right oh thank you
thank you so many beautiful memories in
my life
where's the urine squat now was it all a
fantasy imagine tomorrow morning you
wake up I know even a youtuber you guys
know your squat to be here for us stay
with me I don't like the first and they
say hi all night yes yes good you guys
know what the dude is I'm always gonna
vlog when I see nice cars and this is
definitely a nice car you got the orange
Aventador here Rolls Royces and other
stuff like that but we didn't come here
to do cosplay we came here to play games
so yeah the first game we're gonna try
today is to win a little poodle I don't
know why I found it kind of adorable so
I'm gonna give it to Lana to try come on
go on
oh yeah yep ah you had one shot okay
this is your last try give me give me
give me the car down come on you can do
it come on is it got it ah
so Lana is here with their best friend
and I put them up for the challenge of
who can punch the hardest okay so let's
see guys let's see what the score is are
you guys ready okay who's going first
okay there you go
Lana go first you go first okay
we need a hard punch okay you got 12
seconds to punch it that's actually a
good point that's a good pun 7.1 kay
you're up next you ready here okay here
goes nothing
can you beat 7.1 K wait another dozen
kappa we're gonna shove it blonde is
practicing with this little hammer
it's actually really you can't even get
it behind you oh okay I think Johnny
just leave this game do you want to try
poppy we should try is where the shot
really
I wonder which one I should press guys
am i a woman and a kid a little kid or
big aha cheat mommy
he shoots and you just press her kids
one
right
so there you go guys who said I wasn't
strong I just won that machine see she
could have lived it I won that game at
before before you guys say I was in the
women mode that actually doesn't make
too much of a difference trust me guys
I lived you won that right there anyways
we're going to go around play some other
game right you have to find the dog
machine so let's do that that's like a
all round game everybody can play where
you take you up reduce it this is like a
little shortcut so you guys know about
boys wants of the plane and point
machines we're like pushing it forward
they have something similar finally now
they have these I know beads and I think
you push these down so that's what we're
gonna try just keep on spamming us right
now
Oh Oh what type of game is this
oh you go on you know on
oh they drop what you're gay points
that's our equivalent to a coin slot
machine guys that's the best we can do
okay so the moment you guys have been
waiting for me alone are about to play
okay she's not dressed appropriately lie
is gonna be harder for her so yeah let's
play I think I need to swipe it twice
just give me a check Oh bro this card is
so messed up
okay we're selecting a song right now No
here we go
that was so bad
did we look bad though Rihanna's in
Alaska
oh my god that was so hard I promised
you we used to be bad that but that was
the worst game I've ever played
we're going to do the dancing thing
again because we completely forgot to be
good like Nisa hold on son bevel if you
guys are played before you understand me
like you literally have to I completely
forgot you so proud - let's go again on
this bigger machine and sing with Lana's
adjusting her wardrobe to try and be
able to play this game do you think
that's it it has to be okay I don't know
I'm not even gonna say anything do you
think that's gonna help
it looks so weird like I just hold it
anyways let's go again round two
okay we're gonna go for this song are
you ready I came round two
I did get that oh yeah you got D okay
we're going to head out the game section
for today now we are literally sweating
right now from that day that was a poor
dogs up we did there anyways you guys
saw all spend on so not all John I
killed it I got a yeah anyway we're
gonna head up to a town they were about
to if I had to show you could dive in my
trips is here and you know that's like
one of my favorite so we and I'll catch
you guys after my sister has a special
way of mixing it learn guys learn how to
do this you know I really don't like
that sauce I don't like how it looks it
just looks really bad but
anyways we're heading off home right now
awesome awesome day out with some
friends do you guys have it like me ever
I think this runs in my family but our
throats each so badly and we have like
all the time are you sometimes yeah
whenever we're like sick but so get it
bear we do the same listen to the sounds
like it sounds weird right but I don't
know how we all somehow do it's not like
we've told each other like this mom you
know how to do it I gotta mommy can he
did I get it my sister a stunning yeah
we got I don't know I don't know why and
that's the only way I can itch my mic
yeah when I don't know I don't do also
only when I get a like ethics and I
think it's a cold I think we don't get
cold or blogs or stuff and it's just so
weird like doing it Ralphie was like do
you want me she don't wanna Coco's our
baby single path what the hell before
you give them feces in the head
vomit seriously but that was using woman
coming says I'm scared to Gina no I'm
thinking that you're gonna go into this
phone to be hey Toby come come come on
Emma's here come here come here we have
reached home destination you can now get
out my car
get out my car okay we just got home is
that it
my sister's making a big deal about that
little spider it's tiny look how much I
have to do it's the size of a button now
that I'm home I'm gonna be super honest
with a lot of you like I love playing
games but you guys won't even believe me
when I say it vlogging has made my life
so busy and like kind of a good way
actually not a bad way at all that I
haven't even played my playstation for
three months literally three months so I
think today it's time to take this do
you see how dusty that is guys look look
at this oh my god do you see them are
dust on my finger like it looks like
it's two different colors on this
joystick but look at that all of this is
dust that's how much I have not touched
my playstation
let's open up fully to see how it is
whoa look at that
mommy mommy look at this that is so cool
right
whoa
oh yeah boys PlayStation is alive this
is how much of a nerd I am I've
literally pulled one couch all the way
to the middle of the living room to play
PlayStation
an object a damn update a system update
which I've not done for like three years
yeah please move fast yes yes yes come
on all right you know what that's that's
good
yes I think I think I spoke way too soon
about that days I really really think I
spoke too soon yeah 60 minute update
right here 60 minutes guys and here's
I'm not playing PlayStation tonight I
it's like 11 o'clock right now I don't
think I'm waiting to midnight
just to play playstation so you know
what I think I'm going back to my
computer games do you want to see
something come to come look at the
coolest coolest tablecloth ever you want
to see it come I've got the coolest
tablecloth Edler
Edler ever yeah buddy
that looks cool right I could sell this
on eBay as a legitimate you know what
cool it printed money burnt evacuation
happened lost peace found
Kitty vs. bubbles Oh No is she gonna hit
him from the top is she coming to do it
oh damn Bose Oh
oh okay
I have to show you guys this Instagram
account now normally I'm not a big fan
of trolls I stay away from them but this
is some next-level trolling out here
okay there is a Moloch's troll this is
not my cat I have no idea what it is but
this guy trolls the living your hell out
of anything like he's gonna print
screen' something right here and trolled
by okay let me show you I mean oh my god
this is ridiculous
focus look at this guy's for example
normal photo ever nosebleed when you get
punched for not knowing what a p1 is
guys guys okay this isn't even just for
him I made a mistake guys I made a
mistake I honestly know what p1 is and
the differences but I genuinely don't
know if it was me being excited that day
or for the cool things by just cool
there p1 because somebody actually I'm
not even gonna I don't like blaming
people but before I even went out to see
the cars
somebody said Yoda is a Bugatti and p1
outside and that's stuck in my head and
that's why I said okay I don't normally
explain myself but that's that what
besides from that look at the other
things this page has okay
okay which one which one when because
like what this guy is the ultimate troll
ah this guy man lien is when bubbles
grows up too quickly
I know what there you go shout out to
you man
alright objects aside a funny account
that's the only reason I mentioned it to
be honest
I'm gonna interview you with honest
answers okay so don't make up anything
just be very straightforward yeah okay
so guys I'm on skype right now with my
friend enough I want to show you guys
life behind more vlogs so behind me
behind me and you guys so my first
question is how much do you like me
that's a weird question man oh I'm sorry
okay one time I wanted to know how
there's a there you go guys
if I give you a shout-out how much would
you like beside Oh gotcha
Queen uh okay nice
oh yeah that's a nice guy interviews
there anything else you want to add in
there like nice comments about me
oh yeah not like what was a nice guy
stop even though in his videos he looks
like a prick it's actually that's not
hang on you so much man going to relax
here's pullback so oh I thank you side
I've never had kind words said about me
like that thank you
I know that I can interview we're gonna
go to the small a drink me
as always I'm gonna wrap up today's
mochi I hope you have enjoyed I don't
know why I thought of doing that
interview but it turned out pretty funny
I'm not even kidding guys you saw me
starting that he had no idea he was
gonna be on the vlog and he was like
okay fine I'll do it on this review but
yeah they also everybody I love you all
and I want to be honest there's a lot of
car things planned for this week so for
you car lovers and they're pretty
awesome car but it's not like your
normal ones they're actually really
really cool so hope you guys enjoy stay
awesome Yolo Yolo good boy
