yo good morning everyone what is up
welcome back to another video so why are
you gonna start off today's video in a
very special way we're about to attempt
a trickshot for you guys I'm gonna take
the basketball on my roof and try and
score a boss key let's see if this
actually works great thing I can do it
yeah alright come on you got this dunk
Odom guys right now I'm literally on the
roof it's time to see if we can do this
you got this you got this you got this
I did it I did it
we anyways let's continue the rest of
the vlog guys basically today the plan
is we're actually going to an abandoned
forest with our friends to do a barbecue
now I'm not sure how good of an idea
this is but sometimes you just got to do
it for the vlog all right anything else
on today's vlog I actually have a very
very special unboxing for you guys check
it out oh yeah the hallway mates 10 pro
this is a boat from Hawaii and it is one
of the most amazing phones out there and
I'm gonna show you guys why alright so
let's get straight into the unboxing oh
ok so here's the thing before our books
this bad boy I have a massive
announcement for you guys who la we are
actually giving you guys 6 free phones
yeah
yes you guys heard me
so as you can see I have six halawi mate
10 pros that butter me right now they
are going to be hooking you guys up
big-time Danielle this is the biggest
giveaway I have ever done on my channel
guys so big big shout-out to them for
making yourself games not one not two
six of the new why make ten pros six day
off though
and number seven which I'm going to be
unboxing for you guys right now so this
is absolutely insane what to enter for
this contest it's really really easy
guys all we need to do comment down
below your favorite feature about the
phone if you guys like the camera if you
guys like how it looks anything just let
me know your favorite feature is and you
can win one of these six phones the six
of you guys are gonna be winning a phone
it's as easy as that guys it's time to
unbox one of them now one of the reasons
I'm super excited to unbox this bad boy
is because during the device shopping
festivals going on now you can actually
save up to 350 Durham's on the wali mate
series phones so guys if you guys want
to buy one of these bad boys it is
literally the perfect time to do so
because you could save a lot of money
anything without further ado it is time
to get onto the boxing so let's go
check it out so the one I actually got
is blue they have three colors I believe
guys but I went with the blue one it
looks absolutely amazing like wow wow
guys look at the color on this bad boy
oh you so here's the thing one of the
best things about the poet is the camera
this phone has an AI camera that can
recognize 13 scenes and objects and it
can optimize the quality automatically
now I know you guys might be wondering
what I mean when I say this phone has an
AI camera the camera is artificially
intelligent again AI it can realize if
it's taking a picture of a human or a
cat or a plot or anything literally it
actually detects that all right and I
know it sounds insane but I'm gonna show
you right now all right so right now I'm
on the camera off the phone and watch
what happens as soon as I put my mom on
the camera what so you guys can see the
bottom left corner as soon as a face
pops up it recognizes that it's a human
guy so look I move it away it goes and
as soon as my mom comes back in BAM the
phone recognizes it's a human the phone
even recognizes plants wait for it
what this is insane like this is
literally a phone from the future it
recognizes humans cats plots like what
other food does that guy's not talking
about the camera on this phone the
waimate 10 series they actually have the
world's largest aperture dual cameras
which means that in low-light conditions
this takes amazing photos now I'm not
sure if you guys can realize I've
purposely turned off the lights in the
living room just so I can show you how
good the camera on this phone is all
right check this out guys
yo oh my god so if you guys can see the
camera on this phone literally makes the
living room looks so bright even though
there's no lights it makes it look like
the living room is well lit even though
we can see it's dark on this camera guys
hey guys as I said this phone literally
has one of the best cameras out there
it's the like a dual camera which means
there's actually two cameras if you guys
can see that and like the phone's just
come out super super sharp and clean if
you know what I mean besides from the
camera one thing I absolutely love about
this phone the back of the phone
actually has a fingerprint reader so
when you guys want to unlock your phone
you can just like put your finger there
and it all looks let's see let's check
out the rest of the box guys whoa wait
wait do we get a case does it come with
a phone case the first time I've seen a
phone actually come with a phone case
really guys there you go that has been
my mini review on the huawei mate 10 pro
let me know your thoughts or if any of
you are planning on getting it and yeah
I'm just super excited to take a ton of
photos with this bad boy all right for
now let's continue the rest of the look
let's not some fun oh alright guys so
right now all of our friends just made
it here and we're about to go have some
dinner but we have a whole squad of cars
check this out bang so religion you have
a Tesla Model X down look at this bad
boy this is a flying car
they see me rollin dad hi guys so right
now we just made it into the forest I
kid you not we are literally in the
middle of nowhere right now check this
out look behind my sister oh are
you good are you good
lights guys this is not a good idea like
we've never been here before so I don't
think I put the light over there I can't
see we should not be going off trail
Rasha Rasha Rasha do this to us rush it
brush heads come on the rosters come out
please I cannot see there I can't see
anything go right now meet Lana and Ross
 are gonna go explore this haunted
forest we have no idea what's down there
this could Brody and up badly guys holy
moly
bro what is over here I think this is
somebody's house bro the machine they go
close to go closer go closer come come
come
this is actually really creepy they'll
open the door see can we for what is
that that's not a machine what is it
what is it what is it so far we've
realized this is some sort of like
factory thing over here I swear it is
like 12 a.m. at night right now nada
nada there's a light down there I think
there's people so we found the lake oh
my god Lana are you sure this is a good
idea so basically this is a lake in
Dubai and like it's it's literally in
the middle of the desert all right so we
just me it's a lake right now dude we
just made
I've never seen this lake before there's
ducks on all no way guys we found some
ducks hi Oh so basically right now we're
actually gonna head back to our friends
and family are for why is the Sun to get
so dark
wait there's a sound coming from here I
hear something we're getting out of the
for us this was a dumb idea let's go and
just have a barbecue guys okay so I told
you right now we're doing a barbecue in
the desert we just made the biggest
burger in the world guys check this out
whoa this is about 20 pieces of meat
together guys why why was this made I
don't the world's largest rock should
have a bite have a bite just one by one
by one welcome to the world's biggest
burger you're gonna beat it record bro
it's hot it's hot you're gonna burn yo
yo yo whose man's is this bro
who are you who's Zara we are literally
in the desert right now and the Tesla
just decided to start dancing
happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday to you hi guys so right now
we're gonna try the dumbest guys we put
the whole oil in the fire oh my lights
are holy moly that was insane
oh boy so right now we just made it back
home after that crazy experience in the
forest y'all that was fun I don't care
that was super super fun chillin over
there be a guys as always I'm a wrap up
today's vlog here don't forget if you
are new around here make sure to
subscribe also don't forget if you
subscribe you are in to win a free phone
for you guys that's it subscribe and
comment and you can win a free phone as
always I love you guys so so much I'll
see you tomorrow for another epic vlog
yeah yeah leo
