oh will oh my god wait oh yes she
got super ha ha here you go grandfather
yes God said he can watch you is it
darker is it just me okay it's just me
that's great don't get the hell back
inside you dumb cat with that he'll open
the door oh my god then come back into
it okay you know what you know what
leave him okay that cat is a complete
headache I finally got inside before he
leave because I couldn't leave him
outside but before I start today's vlog
properly I've actually got a big
announcement for you guys so you guys
know I'm always on my social media
things and I've actually found a new
social media thing that I've started to
use a lot and I want all of you to
follow me on it now let me show you what
it is now the app is could blank
messenger and it's pretty much it's like
new social media with a twist like you
can record yourself and you can probably
tell my name blank messenger you come
blank out a section off your video and
insert like funny noises so I'm going to
show you how it works first of all this
is how the app looks like by the way
that's the logo as you can see and
pretty much how that works is you open
it up and you start recording oh yeah we
have inception going on but yet you
start recording yourself and you use one
of the sound effects on the app to beep
out the section you don't want people to
hear okay I'm gonna do one see if you
can see what I'm saying alright alright
guys I just finished recording my video
let me see if you guys can guess why I
blanked out it's pretty easy but you
know I'm just trying to show you how
this at work
okay here goes nothing so what time do I
fool you guys take yes but yes there you
go guys that is the app which I
exclusively joined for you guys make
sure to follow me my name is mo blogs we
can actually do like one-to-one videos
or I send one a few guys a video you can
send me it back it's pretty cool you can
play around with it and yeah guess what
I said in the comment section I bet 99%
off you're going to get it right the
other 1% probably don't have the
Internet
I'll leave a link to that in the
description you can download it if you
have an iPhone or an Android device
doesn't make a difference you know
anyways let's start today's look yoyoyo
how are you all doing you know this
morning I felt like a savage so wearing
the Ferrari hat and the Lambo shirt I'm
the Savage I don't care about brands
anymore she wore her for all you had I
thought you know what I'm gonna I'm
gonna just be even I'm not going to
support any side so that's what we're
doing anyways right now are actually
going to go to the post office to
collect post let's see what we have
today I think we make it look I hope we
don't have like five bags we're taking
my car just in case you have a lot so
let's go by the way guys I thought I'd
let you know doesn't my sister look like
them people at like the Ferrari stands
or something right even though her sure
is a Polo Ralph Lauren shirt he just
kisses red already looks like you know
hey today we're sending you Ferrari
that's why I had to represent Lambos a
t-shirt you know what now we told you
that you don't have to be working
somewhere to wear red okay nobody just
you know the whole outfit thing ever
since it anyways right we to custom
no by the way the people are pure bumps
like no us a lot so I'm kind of laughing
to see their reaction when they see my
suggested they haven't seen you this
gala hair
what the hell is happened look she came
last week and it just changed it and it
is Wow so dark under that okay let's go
see what's up ready I'm sitting on a
chair by the way is there anything even
in there I don't even know anymore like
every time it's something different even
though I lose like this there's a lot of
slips that means we're gonna get a huge
back I'm glad we to the left make sure
nothing was happening
say yeah again there's somebody on the
inside good I'm you know I think your
your pics awesome thank you
send them all over Wow oh my god yeah
I'm gonna come better thank you so much
that's good huh there's like a person on
the other side we were you to get all of
yourself yeah okay so delivery log on is
to the rest you look like a pizza
delivery but you look like a pizza
delivery girl now oh you dropped my note
I'll it what are you do yeah yeah that's
my car by the way
he's been making fun of me does she not
look like a delivery person or something
like just wet I don't know I don't know
it's just me pizza delivery is not gonna
be the thumbnail anyways
let's open up the car oh it's filthy so
my brother died okay it's again secatur
he switched to sports mode and now he's
trying to stress me out my cars in
sports mode and it has a little
deceleration crack good thing it's not
like a Lambo obviously but I want you
guys to hear it because I've never put
it on sports mode for you guys so once
it turns green let me show you it's like
it's not a crack watch like it it's like
a baby version of a gradual like an S at
this
they owned any separation
you hear that yeah I think they heard
you uh who knows it's a very tiny
anyways you must have a pretty strong
arm blogging I'm Big John oh it starts
right my arm is startling look at this
guys look at the time oh that is so bad
I told him this is burning I was telling
him oh look at your art like I did not
draw under his shirt only I saw you know
when you see a little bit of that light
line so what's that and when you run
outside oh yeah
what your wife yeah Lieut look at this
guy he's got some major talent good job
bro oh okay alright so as always guys
let's get straight into the mail we've
got loads and loads of packages to go
through couple here here come over there
more and more so to make this a fairly
reasonable met video okay Bobo wants to
join us can make this a reasonably death
video at the end of it I'm just going to
collect all the money without showing
you and show all of that at once and as
always read your letters off the vlog so
let's get straight to this and see
what's up I think we have to like this
is a lot Axela boxes except the boxing
we got one out of time he's been very
moody today guys as soon as he so much
as didn't you hear me yeah he's not
happy about my hair color sure don't use
me really upset something's bothering
him I don't remember the brown hair
who's this guy
okay okay so um guys I've got myself
somebody here if you can see that's
somebody on my mom's face okay cool I
guess so all in all today eight people
sent us money so let's start off with
four from me and then my sister will say
the other four so first of all I got
Hungarian money from a guy could bought
on thank you so so much
secondly Canadian $5 from Steven really
really awesome then I got some Mauritius
money from Vignesh so thank you for that
and finally I actually didn't read this
one this is Bangladeshi money which
looks really cool from Nike so that's my
form let's see what Lana go
I would say thank you to Diana sent us
money from Bahrain Oh
any more just not okay there's the odd
percent of some notes here I've no idea
where they're from but in the great pool
whoa I think that's like Korea or
something no Yeon okay you're scarred
for life and then there's some coins
from Samuel they're called peace beat
pieces appease those all right that
looks very nice it's a golden coin sank
thank you so much you're safe we sent us
a $1 and a 10 rupees here so they'll
definitely go into a manipulation so
there you go guys
that was all of the money that's insane
like eight different people sent us
money for the collection guys as soon as
I make the collection it's going to be
massive anyways let's get on to the
packages we went through all the letters
and pretty much all of them had money in
them as you saw there so yeah time to
open the big pieces let's start off with
this one it's fragile okay okay let's
open this bad boy up and see what's in
there oh you got our keys cat-boy
just so cool don't you wear this okay
even though we kind of the money
collection stuff guys I got a $2 bill
these are rare so thank you so much for
that and then after we have half dollars
yo look at this we've got some rare
points here as well thanks so much
people what all find it very he drew a
portrait so hopefully it's the right way
I don't know it's want to buy some
guessing I sure let's see oh Oh
doh Oh shudders good man oh my god yeah
yo that's any put on the Cheerios back
in like just stuck you on there like a
little canvas Wow amazing
oh you've got talent who's this Matt
Richardson you're back shout out to my
boy Batman is your talent oh my god
thank you so much much I talk about
going on the wall ah let's see what's
the rest now I'm excited of that first
on this is from Bahrain oh okay I guess
I like this a lot
what is this I have no idea
oh wow this they've actually sewed on
this look at this Wow look at this like
a napkin with Lamborghini and Mustang on
it guys check out my new oh okay oh cool
that is epic the bomb with a and
Taemin's none and it's actually a LARP
it is really cool sewed clothes for like
these decoration things and we do
appreciate it oh yo that is sick
you know what this happens when you plug
this in this becomes soft and you put
muck with it so a kingship oh wow this
is so cool thank you my man
let people like me I try she I should
reach other what T and I would
appreciate something like this first of
all thank you I came for this really
cool mug teacher but you really did not
have to send me so much money
what okay thank you so much my man I
really do appreciate it I don't even
know what these notes are to be honest
they literally give me one I think this
okay this is Bangladeshi money smallest
one option how big it okay look at that
is pretty tiny if you see it like it's
so cool
Lana's going to open her first package
off today let's see okay not he touch I
think this is some new music you know
what that mixtape stuff going on yeah
it's basic budget I think they've done
us like a good selection music to play
for us I know bad ticket you thank you
by the way guys you've got these two and
then three massive boxes so this seems
like some sort case okay yo bro let's
try it out with these mixtapes today
like what what and this is for Lana we
have a mixtape for Lana
thank y'all being here for the two CD
okay yo we've got some birthday gives
him here yo I just got guys when you're
watching this is actually my birthday so
this is the key of bubbles
this is to granny mo all my grandmas are
getting first give today you know what
let's open Friday night and you it to
them like one there may be ready like
hung up some so I should
wait not real
yes don't you got so pop ha ha here you
gotta grab um yes God said he can watch
you so uh orders I thank you
this type of stuff my grandma actually
does like like so yeah
that is also suspected but this is
Nikola Lowry deepest oh cool
okay thank you Brodie for that awesome
gifts that did for a smile on my face
let's put this to the side all right if
you guys are still here that is a good
thing because now we have these three to
go through soul I got this today from
DHL you know that first-class delivery
type thing so let's go ahead and cut
this open okay you know what how do I
open this without hurting myself
you need the knife what they have a hand
so what is that what is it in something
you can open it so look oh my sister got
from Kenya that is a rose on a ring
which is really awesome and the
container came in is the shape of Kenya
so not it's really really awesome you
see that it's like this Kenyan shaped
thing and you've got a fridge minder
which we're going to go the fridge right
now sha-2 cadmium and really appreciate
it
so a show cut thanks oh god I really
have no idea anymore what could be in
these packages before has some sort you
do not
just none okay sir cat cat food
we got pepper dude you weren't kidding
we wrecked that it was from fries I've
read that there is cat food today and my
sister said no way there's captain so we
just got cat food in mail time oh yeah
that's great kill yourself right you
know what they eat good tonight boys
okay thank you so thank you so tell for
the cat food we really do you appreciate
it
to end off today's mail time we have a
box and by the way they said there's a
notebook in it I'm pretty sure notebook
is something electronic who isn't it
that little thing okay you know what
open it before I mean for the message
whoa oh they sent you a book for your
money collection
oh no and that is so cool I'm the god of
this home yo mo money o money and oh my
god
huge that I actually bought an album but
it wasn't like a proper money album so
thank you so much and he is quite oh he
started it
I always started as oh thank you and
he's got all of the dye look he's
converting it to how much it is in
Durham's as well on everything that's
how funny now that is a great way to end
today's vlog big thanks to Steve from
California Thank You Steve that is epic
that's like the beginning of the money
collection and here is that complete
smell time guys I am so so happy like
this has made my day
everything else so thank you everybody
for sending things thank you yeah let's
continue with today's love okay my
sister just chucked a new toy and
bubbles is getting really jealous oh no
oh no
get off my toy oh she took it to
worldstar well it started she didn't
even let go guys do you see that she's
good in her mouth what she's taking this
and she's playing with this new toy what
this girl is insane there's nothing the
same why are they beating it up so bad
oh my god by the way guys look at this
look at the album oh my god yeah I just
showed my mummy wow this is gonna be
such a dope album when I pull it up this
in there so check this out oh yeah you
guys look amazing
I I got it thank you that's that big
that's all so they're just plugging your
hat everywhere so right now as you just
saw we made it over to the mall and the
reason I actually came over here
straight off to the mail time is because
both my camera's I'm using our broken
basically if you don't already know I've
got two of the same camera the canon g7x
the one i'm using right now slightly
broken you can only tell when it's sunny
is like a black go on the screen and
this one is completely messed up so I'm
going to buy my third one I know I go
through these like tic tacs and
basically give this one in for a repair
so I still have one and then the new one
so I still have like a backup one to go
because I always like having two cameras
just in case something happens I was
actually going to get one of these at
the time look at these they like the
ones with like the fish eye type thing
you see that but I prefer my camera yeah
it's got like a massive angle here we go
guys my third one they had it in stock
which is really good because last time I
came they didn't but I'm not sure I keep
on buying the same camera guys should I
upgrade 70d is something I wanted to get
but I don't know I just like compact
cameras anyways let's go pay for this
and go we just finished up in the nick
of time guys like after I got my camera
all the stores closed but I had to come
by and get my car key I was ready
alright thank you so much thank you
vicen shut up I love this thing this
thing is delicious cheers to
but you would stay awake yeah my mama
don't like you she likes everyone and I
never liked
I was wrong my mama is so cool hi let's
go help out the groceries anyways guys
now that I'm home I feel really really
hungry and look what I have
I had one popsicle stick left sir it's
like yours bentham oops and if you it
was like it was meant to be left for me
but I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here
by the way tomorrow I think I mentioned
is my birthday so you can type happy
birthday I'm turning 21 I'm not much of
a birthday person I don't really
celebrate my birthday's but you know I
wouldn't mind with a couple happy
birthday Cup I'm such a loser anyway see
you guys then I think when this video
comes out it actually is gonna be my
birthday on the same day yeah this video
comes out tomorrow so yeah I'm actually
doing something really cool by the way
for tomorrow's vlog and before I enter
this look don't forget follow me your
blank messenger guys I bet you guys
forgot so go do that now anyways stay
awesome everybody hope you all have an
amazing day
yellow yellow good bye
