tell me
steady
here goes nothing
good morning yo-yo squad today I'm going
to the hair salon to get a strand test
done this time I'm really hoping to go
into much darker and fingers crossed
we'll see how the little strand comes
out and you guys will see a new Lana
coming up again soon and my brother is
just like sitting there like holding his
head cuz he's been editing like so much
so guys you have a nice message in the
comment section so to get him going and
look at this guy
he's really like tired right now so hey
everybody how is it going as you saw
this morning my sister started the blog
for what she's actually out coloring her
hair she sent us a photo and it looks
very Brown so I'm kind of curious to see
how it looks once she gets home right
now I'm actually gonna go meet up with
one of my friends first off I'm gonna go
to his showroom of cars check out a
couple things over there and then saying
hi to on my neighbor's and then just
chill after that okay so I finally made
it to the exotic car showroom and as
always there's so many badass cars over
here like first of all I have to always
show you this car when I come in as
presents the great laugher re this car
is approximately twelve million dirhams
guys in dollars I think that's like 3.5
million which is a hell a lot of money
but for this beauty I would not find
paying out or then we have the McLaren
over here Aventadors
on Aventadors it's just it's just a
beauty out here look look at these cars
look at them by the way guys you might
not know what this car is this is a
Porsche Mirage GT one of 25 in the world
this thing looks really really unique
like let me take you around the back to
the engine it's kind of got the Porsche
911 gt1 at the back but this is
extremely rare cost 4.5 million dirhams
so less than the laferrari but still a
gorgeous car like you can tell it
something unique like when you see the
bonnet and the cuts it has just look at
the cuts you can tell it's definitely
super super rare car anyways so many
more bad boys I'm just gonna go through
a lot of them I love cars in the show
because they look so shiny just just
look at this to be honest I really love
this Mercedes SLS I think it's like the
Black Edition it looks like so gorgeous
anyways right now we're going to head
off to a special location which is not
the showroom and just know there's going
to be loads more cars and it's gonna get
very exciting okay so we came to the
second spot in this seven series guys
absolutely love the interior of these
cars like look at it the back is so so
dog it's got like these curtains as well
to keep the Sun away and you can
probably tell I'm really tanned at this
one so let's get out where you reach the
special location and let's go show you
some cars first on being the c63 AMG
I've never heard these bad boys so let's
get it started and see how it sounds
okay here goes nothing
that course guys I've heard revs before
but that rib that was like a scream I'm
not even kidding guys that was the most
men to arrive I've ever heard we're
gonna go see you a couple more cup Wow
way to start today's vlog okay the
second car was gonna Rev is one of my
favorites the gt3 RS so let's go sit
beside it see what's up I love the fact
that it's got like a white key like the
car but yeah let's see how this bad boy
is all right so I'm number eight where
is the start I've never turned on a
Porsche before how do I do
right there yeah it's right oh you guys
it yeah it's right just put it in okay
you can really like tell a car by its
Rev like they all have like a unique
sound if you know I mean like that
sounded like a a bullet like 100 but
that was also okay we're actually moving
we're moving this car to make space or
imagine or this isn't a really cool
experience guys just with these cars
over here and revving them next up we
are you gonna do the Aventador with the
flame spitter so that should be pretty
cool it's gonna be this white Aventador
look at the interior of this bad boy
well I am black like the car not not bad
sight the V around and then maybe even
the four five eight okay so it's going
to be Aventador time guys I'm gonna go
inside turn it on and then we'll do a
couple ribs in it so point of view
Aventador put on the brake flip the
switch
I haven't even pressed the accelerator
guys and it's not loud okay I'm going to
go around and I could get some
accelerations for you guys
by the way guys no mentor for which I
just say this was rented by Justin
Bieber that's bad right anyways let's
see how this boy comes in the
acceleration test
let's go it's got like the loudest echo
since I'm here guys why not turn on the
Aston Martin as well look at the
interior on this car like okay check
this out guys the doors on this bad boy
they're not your normal doors so if you
look at it they don't go fully up and
they don't go straight out they're kind
of in between but anyways you guys just
want to see the interior I'm guessing
and the turn on so let's put this key in
and switch it on
here goes nothing noise let's turn on
this car favorite feature about this is
the interior like it looks so gorgeous
anyways the way you turn this car on is
you put your foot on the brake you see
my foot then you push this key inside
and then it should turn on so let's go
ahead and do that Wow look at that
anyways let's hear how this car sounds
on its revving
Wow I think I think that's my favorite
for today I'm just such a cigarette wad
next up all of these cars and guys I
want you to comment down below which
record you like so far but we're gonna
do the Maserati neck so let's get in
this bad boy
apparently it should sound really loud
so let's go ahead and turn it on oh my
god
okay which side does the key go in there
we go put it in put on the brake and
turn there we go
since this is a rap battle let's see how
this bad boy sounds as well
okay okay next up in this Rev battle we
have the contender the Audi rs7 here
goes nothing guys
so to end up this ultimate red bow today
we're gonna go to the bad boy for five
days so let's go switch it on now and
see how it sounds are you ready guys
let's get in and see what this bad boy
is all about okay okay
personally my favorite thing about
Ferraris is the wheel guys so take the
key put it in and switch it on so foot
on the brake key goes in on the side
like that and here goes nothing oh boy
so after going partially death that
concludes our rap battle guys hope you
have enjoyed today was like on the spot
thing and yeah we just came up with this
idea so that was epic let me know what
car is your favorite now that we're done
with all of the revving guys by the way
that's the m5 that just got turned on
I'm sitting in the main back you know
relaxing got the tables this is such a
luxurious car like I'm kind of lying
down like the seats go back by the way
to hear that that's the Empire anyways
this is so fantastic guys like imagine
having like your little own tables in a
car like can just flip them up down do
whatever have a little meal it's like an
airplane like this cars like an airplane
but yeah this has been insane for all
you car lovers like the maybe actually
has like a plane Mercedes ski I never
knew how the key look like I was always
wondering if it is actually a Mercedes
key but it is and yeah just loved them
save these key anyways like that's one
of my favorite part about Mercedes the
whole logo and stuff we're gonna head
back guys I hope you enjoyed the rev
testing we did super dope and yeah we're
going back in the seventh series again
another luxury car let's go oh it's just
me myself a nine hey my song anyways
that was complete madness today guys
really really epic I hope you enjoyed
that and yeah went ahead of home now
let's see what Lana's hair is like now
because from what I saw it looks really
Brown and I don't mean like when we
normally said it before every time she's
been before
she said you changed the brown but ended
up changing it to bond again so this
time let's see there should be a
difference I'm finally home now I said I
went out the door with a hundred percent
of my ears came back with about twenty
percent because all that noise he made
but it was insane by the way let's see
how much is this hair turn now she
should be coming to the door any time
now she needs to go get the key let's
see is open not yet okay lights are on
inside oh my god what the
oh it looks like you're wearing away
yeah yeah I thought your believe what I
can wait let's turn on these lights as
well yeah this is definitely a new Lana
big difference right yeah that's really
dark oh my god oh it finally matches
your eyebrows I think it's the same
color Oh
snapchat yeah so guys you're not gonna
believe what happened I have some news
reporters outside my door I get some
fresh sisters whoa okay Oh Jake's aside
guys they're part of the year Scott he
actually vlogs which is pretty cool and
he has a for a dope setup as you can see
nothing like mine he has the full proper
KC nice that set up but yeah he actually
blogs I'll link it down below if I find
it he'll give it to me hopefully and
yeah check them out also here from Spain
recipe Barcelona Barcelona portal Madrid
but again Barcelona anyways oh sorry
guys and yeah yo you scored we out here
peace peace out
alright now we're actually going out for
a little dinner my mom and grandma curse
you of Mother's Day so let's see where
we can go to eat or something like that
our first stop for Mother's Day was the
Lulu hypermarket because they wanted to
get like a battery replace than my
grandma's watch so their choice I wanted
to go AI restaurant they wanted to do
the watch stuff so I actually found a
really cool watch over here so let me go
show you it looks really really awesome
that is g-shock and it's golden look at
that one the one right in the middle
guys these are really really funky light
I'm not sure if they're customized or a
lot but they look dope guys guys I see a
random ball in the middle of this
supermarket okay we have to do some kick
ups
ah okay I lost the ball
I lost the room guess honey I can do oh
geez okay you know okay that wasn't me
that was not me nope wasn't me as if you
guys haven't already seen too many cars
today we just arrived at the mall
femoris because I wanted to eat and you
know the only reason I'm showing you
this is because it's a carbon-fiber
Nissan GTR look at this bad boy not to
mention the four five eight well you
know I have a thing for these Nissan GTR
okay I never actually showed you the
flowers we got my grandma mum there they
are they're in water as you can see so
let's take one and go give it to them
even though I've already given it to
them but you know just for the vlog here
you go that's my grandma and and then
let's go get the second one I don't know
why I'm doing this and let's go give it
to mommy mo for Mother's Day these are
gorgeous by the way
Oh mommy mo here you go I'm giving you
the same flowers twice they even bubbles
is looking like what why are you skinned
why is he scared of the fast here you go
happy Mother's Day but yeah anyways I
hope you will have an amazing Mother's
Day with your mom or your loved ones I
personally had like kind of a boring one
I was taking the brown shopping my momma
grandma just like shopping and like
quiet places so you know his Mother's
Day
they did what they wanted and they're
happy about it but let me know what you
guys think about Lana's new hair like I
haven't commented on it she's gonna like
scream when she sees this part of the
book at the moment is so fresh to me I
don't even know if I like it or don't
like him but I think it's a good change
let me know what you guys think it's too
fresh look like whenever someone gets
fresh look you know when you're like hmm
do I like it do I know I'm not like
honest with everybody like she asked me
do I like I was like I don't know yet
I don't not like it I don't like it so
I'm just like at alone I don't know if I
could change so let me know what your
opinions are blood Laden Ilana don't
care lon
that's me don't say don't Carolina hope
you had an amazing day as I said stay
also there already be positive be happy
and appreciate everybody around you who
loves you
yeah Yolo goodbye rody
