mumbles tell me what she is down of
Jesus sexy
yo yo everyone welcome to another Friday
listing vlog how are y'all doing today
today's vlog is going to be more
chillaxed I wanna I want to make you
calm collective and just do normal
things for once so let's get started
actually the first thing I want to show
you is something we got yesterday so
let's get into the kitchen and open it
up so you guys might remember yesterday
athlete and Feroz brought this light but
I think they said it was for Lana but I
don't know what a backlight is so we're
gonna just put it in and test it out I
think they said there's something to do
like in lights up your t-shirt or
something I don't know but you know the
club lights which make the white
t-shirts yeah yeah the quickly just do
it I don't wait is it on is it on I
don't even know over there I know black
piece of the wire oh yes that's
oh okay wait they can't even see on
camera it's purple now that's cool do
you see that guys it's actually perfect
they turn it off so they can see the
difference and turn on so I think we
have to use that night we'll try out at
night anyway there you go guys we have
to show you this in the morning because
we had no idea what it was pretty cool
stuff today we're actually going to be
taking bubbles and Kitty to go have
their vaccines so once a year you have
to go and inject them boom with a little
thing called a vaccine to keep them
healthy so they are not going to be
happy now right now they're playing
about but trust me when I tell you once
we go to take them they're going to be
killing themselves we're actually taking
them in like 20 minutes I need to
quickly go check if my car has any
petrol now I don't know if I build up
yesterday before I got home or did it so
let's see um yeah I didn't fill up darn
it uh you know what guys even though
you've only got like 25 percent petrol
left I think we'll be fine it hasn't
even showed the light by the way look at
these two what are you guys looking at
could it be topi yes it is
they have such a beef it's alright look
I'm on your team when I come outside
with Toby they think I've betrayed them
standing next door like they get so mad
I don't understand why okay so for those
of you wondering when my first 360
degree vlog will be out I just recorded
some test footage and I want to show you
how it looks like and you're going to be
really confused okay BAM
that is what 360 ruffridge looks like
I'm gonna play it there okay I should
hold it like this I see this is me
holding the ball the camera so this is
this test and now you're probably
wondering what the hell is going on well
I do I see two circles basically the way
these cameras
work they have two lenses on either side
super wide angle so they capture a lot
and those two circles are the individual
cameras and now I need to download the
app which combines them to make like a
whole 360 video so I'm making it
somewhere there's progress this glorious
don't worry about that guys but now I
just need to somehow combine this okay
it should be really easy I'm just going
to try and download that today and
hopefully soon come we'll have a 360
video but it's so cool I just looking at
that look at it two circles like woah
that's just crazy how that just becomes
on uh-oh these two are fighting guys
you're gonna go get a vaccine today Wow
oh okay no guys split up split up I know
the reason they're fighting is because
at OB outside I think she gets jealous
that bubbles looks at her
calm down moles calm down and they fight
even cats have relationship problems
what the hell how can they fight over
girls like bubbles Brandon if this works
then I think I can make a whole vlog 99
oh okay oh boy hold it like this I see
Oh going yo again its report on y'all
look at this guys isn't me holding the
ball they can't residence Wow
then let me see if I can hold the whole
thing I look like so I did it guys oh I
did it that I finally got the 360 camera
to work
Wow I'm scrolling around everywhere you
see that let me look around the back
yep got my face this is a long hand
shortcut the way I was testing it anyway
super happy that I got the camera
working now it's time to get these cats
in their cages so you can head out so ok
bubbles in the big one you know it's
it's vaccine time alright go go go go go
you got him you got the cat bubbles go
go go
good boy ok
look at this guy's Key has been running
away from us constantly trying not to
get in the cage I let our leash run
downstairs dinner in a minute I ready ok
it's a wrap guys we got the cats in the
boxes road trip with the cat what's up
guys oh my god weren't you seeking you
for vaccine you're just scared that
they're gonna go do you know which way
we have to go by the way that's your
main focus right now Wow
look at that view everybody they're
getting some commentating from bubbles
as well and the cats are not naming you
until guys they're just really grumpy at
the moment but we'll see you once you
get to the van this is what you call
karaoke with the cats
without disrespect ball bubbles tell me
what she is damned of Jesus sexy haha he
did it oh my god Hakuna Matata
what a wonderful thing it means no
worries for the rest of your days
it's a problem-free enough of the
meowing guys come on please we're doing
this for your health
see they understood so we're just inside
the vet room bubbles you're going first
for your vaccine buddy hello thanking
well today they should tell me like
talkative he's a nice
that's good brand-new jet
perfect condition so check this out guys
these are actually Kitty and gobbles
passports over here this is key from
that one is bubbles and we're just
topping up their own vaccines this is
their initial vaccines you can see that
bubbles of trying to bug here is the
exact take me that I'm not leaving
rest in peace bubbles rest in peace he
doesn't even know what's going on I get
it better than we do because they're
just getting the skin of a muscle picked
up done yes level is hurt but you can
pop back in man he's nose running he's
running you back to the box Oh No
okay we're all done at the vet guide I
swear they have the most adorable kids
in there and when I play with them I
just want them so bad but I quickly came
out because I thought okay I'm going to
get way too attached to more kittens
than just okay let's currently put these
guys in the car now you can unlock it
there you go and yeah see you guys at
home let's go back at it again bubbles
your home run run run it okay for you
I'm going Rick so right now I'm actually
gonna head out to buy myself some
equipment and I need to talk to you guys
about this now you know YouTube you need
your equipment your camera some mounts
stuff like that and I want to be honest
with you guys I am the worst person ever
with equipment so I would call myself a
mixed breed of vloggers right I've
looked like daily but I also do a lot of
car things and a lot of the time in
carve blogs you need like a little you
know one of these dash cams with a
suction mount so the other day when I
went this is my suction mount okay this
is my section mouth and I'm laughing
because this is broken I knew it was
broken by
thought it would still work I didn't
bother gang and you on it on the day
when I went there I can look at this I'm
gonna unscrew this tree this is supposed
to be one solid ball but it's just
cracking now like it's legit look the
whole thing is falling apart
I put paper in here to try and hold it
together
it's disgusting this is like a look look
at this what do you call this we tried
to literally DIY this on the day to make
it work and this is the equipment that I
was using so you know what today I need
to go invest in some proper equipment it
was so embarrassing
ah I felt ashamed to call myself a
vlogger that day let's head out
everybody to go do some shopping in the
mall she needs to go to the bank because
you know she's broke and she needs to
withdraw some money and money more is
obviously a food person so she needs to
eat let's go Hamid my sister put her
neck right now you see it's like it's me
the first thing you have to do in that
situation is vlogging so how are you
feeling right now I know this can have a
lot of pain but I closed your seatbelt
what the hell I don't care you have a
pod Nick close the seat belt it was so
bad
okay tell them how you're traumatized
right now you have to claim insurance
fame we know you're broke so you're
using every reason good evening SEIU a
guy she tried to make a story on the way
there for the bank so I just pull my
neck here I'm broken the car and my neck
I don't know why you know yeah these
hold the camera straight your hand is a
pool do your neck cracking whoa moment
over and done with crack it do I just
like stay in this
same position after turn my head
opposite direction okay not even going
to lie guys I've been searching around
for the suction mouth and everywhere I
went was out of stock but what are you
doing multi oh my god our family and
their vitamins now what the hell you
feel drowsy okay it's good a brain
so I've still had no luck with my
suction cup
the only other store I know that my
habit is jumbo but I'm not even sure if
it's open
look the door is half closed is that
open or closed I don't know is it closed
darn it guys the only option I had left
is closed yo you know what the deal is
boys petrol stations stop at night oh I
should the petrol station has the
yummiest deserts ever light I never even
knew they had a white KitKat but doing
this I'm not a big fan of KitKat I want
some ice cream
Oh what should I pick guys you know I'll
go simple let's just take a galaxy
I bought one ice cream one ice cream and
now Lana's making us wait bird to go buy
one because she stole me eating she did
she said oh I don't want an ice cream
and like every other girl as soon as I
get it look she's going to buy an ice
cream she's going to buy a damn ice
cream now we have to wait for her the
peasant has finished buying ice cream
guys Lana looks so weird ice like she
puts her head down and like walks in
like a very posh way you ain't famous
bro nobody knows you you why'd you put
your head down like people are gonna
start paparazzi NSYNC she's famous and
stuff walks with her head down like
there's gonna be paparazzi on her case
yeah don't think we don't see more
digital ice cream though
oh sorry I just wanted to test out the
petrol school okay okay okay okay
like I'm holding up hormones that are
okay now that we're home I want to test
out this blacklight we got and I we
think that it's the ones that light up
like yeah I think it's the rise out
Kulik you know what we're gonna try I'm
gonna wear this white shirt we're going
to turn it on and see if my goodness I
thought there are UV lights that does
stuff yeah what is this door denies it
is it not bad I just thought it'd be
great to google it and find out but he
obviously wanted you just have a very we
don't know what it's going to do so
we'll have a better reaction okay so
like I think she put on the floor
Mahmoud Mahmoud okay yeah well put it on
the floor over MA it's gonna get hot oh
you're right oh you should hold it put
it down put it down
it works yeah it does work okay yeah if
you see the background it's even cooler
great yeah no you can actually see
everything because you know why this
light has to be off okay at this point
all the lights have been switched off
Mart gone
whoa everyone's blue wait oh but I don't
know it can they tell this is so crazy
look at my teeth in my eyes we look so
weird
yo that is all sir I still can't believe
my teeth and my mouth also oh okay
nobody normally calls us on the
telephone guys yeah I see what's up
hello
yes get out of here get out of here you
got the wrong number man who did even
what you know I think this is always
used to like you know what they want to
see what fake money is oh really I'm
really not bringing a lot are we got an
idea we need that we neither no no I'm
going to I don't know it's I don't know
it's don't turn off the light turn off
the lights okay
investigation type stuff guys yes yes
you see that this is some mad
investigation stuff Pierre look at my
sister let's see it whoa I never saw
this symbol you can't see it with your
knee Lydia no you can't see that stuff
with your eyes that's so cool oh it's
quite enough oh it makes my eye look
like a vampire line no Joel look if ball
was going follows outside because shy
girl my sister was actually completely
correct our house is legit glowing fully
blue right now that's gonna look so
beautiful outside though it looks like
we're doing something weird in there oh
are you serious yeah my sister just saw
herself on the flip screen I look at us
so if you want magical teeth whitening
kit for free
hit me up I'll do it that's crazy I know
this is very weird
I like a vampire God say why do I look
so dark and my eyes are like vibrating
like you don't kind of door while it
like
I don't know very time tokhes glory yeah
guys so there you go
we are officially part of the CIA today
wait what's the place that like does the
investigation CIA D it was DEA I don't
even know we're some sort of spy though
officially it actually looks so cool oh
I need to snapchat this Dan it looks so
cool I'm not even gonna joke with you
okay I just lined up a couple of notes
for you guys so you can see the
difference the hundreds got one hundred
written on it twenties got twenty round
you see that all of them have their
values written on them
five Durham's 10 dirhams 20 their homes
a hundred Durham's and stuff like that
so that's how you can actually see the
money's legit snapping that fake money
doll
they're gonna be suspecting you like
what what's going on fake money now it's
normal
no they put inside you is shining that
is freaky I'm not even kidding oh my god
you look so bad here here take your take
Oh like oh my god you look scary
why that's scary wait not your eyes look
scared that is so weird that is it just
as bad as yours it properly ah yeah
obviously well if I see like this in the
middle it's gay okay we just finished
having fun with this lie and my sisters
down and her jeans ripped you know it
could have been worse imagine about how
did it rip is it that tight
how can a loose pair of jeans rip on you
these are diesel only peasants ripped
their diesel jeans huh I thought as a
design you know that I didn't even know
it I thought well now now you can sell
on eBay for double the price
Lana Rose Rick diesel custom jeans
they're gonna wrap up today's vlog yes
okay okay it's it's nothing it's right
now you have a design to it I'll it look
how nice that looks
whoa look at that look at that
Oh big for me I'm fine what will happen
if you differ
hey guys I hope you guys have enjoyed
today's look if you have hit a massive
like button there will be a GoFundMe
link in the description bye Lana new
jeans so support the jean project if you
want her to have a nice new fit is a see
you guys tomorrow for another vlog and
yes they awesome everybody just go
donate anything you can anything will
help even donate look Hillary I say he
looks dead I did the vaccine hurt that
much are you okay
she's she's okay hey I think he's asleep
anyways I see guys some more stay
awesome and yeah don't forget your Leon
oh boy
okay I had to show you this is Yuki why
is bubbles tongue stuck outside bubbles
ball has put it back in please
he's just literally closed his eyes of
this tongue out guys this is not normal
try make it go back in go back oh well
thank you good boy
