yo yo yo yo yo yo yo everyone welcome to
another vlog so how are you all doing
personally I am so so tired I'm not even
kidding you guys it's like 8 o'clock
right now and I'm heading over to Abu
rabu which is the next city from here so
I'm gonna be driving for about an hour
and a half while I'm sleepy which is not
a great idea but you know I'm going to
this drifting event to be honest I'm not
exactly sure what's gonna happen but I
think I'm gonna be sitting in a car
which is drifting that's all I know
um still I'm not sure exactly what's
happening boy see my mood is open oh
wait my mom's over there I thought she
was doing something in the boot but yeah
we're gonna head over there see what's
up and I hope you guys enjoy so I just
made it over here to the drift event I
see two cars that look like they're
gonna be drifted one of them is that so
yeah I'm not sure if you can hear behind
me there's some drifting going on look
at that
Oh meanwhile guys there is an airplane
in there
thank you for hurting that noise we just
wanted to hear thank you okay so what
you see going on behind me that I've
just been showing you is that this is
actually just the introduction it's like
them warming up and practicing about are
you ever ride can I send the passenger
seat alright let's go
no no that was good thank you one more
time than Will Parker Oh
Oh as you can see guys he's in the car
overnight oh my goodness
that was so so awesome guys Ahmed just
gave us a drift ride in that - how is it
Mary did you see from the outside
yours recording it oh that was crazy the
thing is guys like I don't think we're
going too fast but it just feels so like
adrenaline like rushing yeah my mom was
outside I saw her recording I think we
were going faster than everybody else
though like we were actually going for
like a proper right yeah I know she's so
much fun so right now it's actually
gonna be my turn to drift it around
we'll just sit next up but he's gonna
teach me how to do it
he's the professional year and then I'm
gonna do all right
you just have to teach you for so we're
gonna hop in i teaching me now how to do
this i'm gonna try to teach you okay
let's hope that's all that I learned
you're a fast learner okay I'm gonna be
honest I don't have the best driving you
let me just quickly seatbelt and ya guys
wish me the best learning okay first
thing I'm gonna show you the track okay
what are you gonna do okay
full throttle
you get here to level equate pendulum
okay
you expect me to do that cause listen
hey stay little bit early leaving I
don't know why I feel so nervous right
now
this is only a test drive this car come
flipped up no no no possible possible to
him we're good to go
Tiptronic yeah yep
okay
again wait wait wait wait wait
right yes you're way out of track okay
go get first gear donuts okay too much
throttle too much multiple again
whoo this is nothing this is very hard
yeah too much speed
I'm gonna turn it loose easier I hope
you enjoyed that thank you so much Ahmed
guys that's absolutely crazy right there
I was doing 360s and everything not
properly because I kept on losing
control but not Alice complete madness
so after actually drifting this car
today guys I'm gonna look at these cars
so differently like it's actually good
it's got a lot of power all right
they're going again oh my god that's
what I was doing guys no joke I was
doing that so now that we're done over
here we're actually gonna make our way
over to the proper track like this is
just like the you know the dummy
practice around track but there we're
just gonna get a passenger seat in the
800 horsepower rear-wheel car I forgot
to ask which car is we're gonna see once
we head over but yeah that was insane I
was drifting today mommy mom why don't
you drift don't wanna you're worrying
about that drift lifestyle so there you
go something off my bucket list
I finally drifted for once my mom just
brought out the Christmas we got the
other day and I never realized they have
capes on the word it felt like a Batman
and Superman versus you've my one mummy
but that is crazy look the Superman one
has a keeper saw show though that the
depth of that that is there that is
amazing so we got over here to the main
track and if you see behind me they've
got the proper like Formula one cars and
loads of other cars part you just look
at this
so basement of track cars over here I'm
not actually sure which one we're going
in I think the one we're going in it's
coming over here because I don't think
it's any of these but you can really see
like behind the scene racing and let me
show you this because do you see that
Formula one cars I've just been taken
apart like after races that's what they
do they take them apart look at
everything make sure it's all okay oh
wow like these cars are much smaller
than I thought they were like they're
very low guys like okay look at me
it looks like a toy car takes place like
so long so this is the main track you
see behind me absolutely huge
Wow so nice so I just realized you can
actually sit in this thing so I'm going
to give it a shot without looking too
bad okay
how'd you actually pop your legs I get
might be Holland to this game this gets
super tight
I don't know how racist do this like the
angry guy here the character that yeah
it's just this this is the angle like as
one hard part yeah
before we actually go on the track we
have about half an hour so you've come
over here to eat a little bit I think
it's Johnny Rockets yeah always seen it
but they're actually coming Rio d wow
this is actually a really nice place to
eat and I'll show you why like we've got
the restaurant over there and look at
the view you just see the cars getting
drifted right under you that is insane
okay quickly have a go with a snack here
and stuff like that oh yeah
thank you so much let's see what we're
having guys so your boy had to get a
chocolate milkshake today you know
what's funny they give you the chocolate
milkshake and this thing came over here
and I was like what is this this is all
the extras so if I want to just top up I
can pre cool stuff Oh burgers have just
arrived as all thank you so much a
mummy's burger I just got here too by
the wind look at some of the camera
equipment over here it's mental like
compared to my camera they've got like
machines proper machine you know your
boy just does everything actually
finishing our food now it's time to the
main event
let's go so this is the car that we're
gonna be drifting around with this is
like the main car 850 rear-wheel
horsepower which is like I think a
thousand normal terms I guess
look at this thing oh my god so I'm just
really heading inside to you know sign
my little paper to say you're not I die
it's my fault and stuff like that but
part that carve over there - its pain oh
my god I should really nervous
by the way shot - my man what's up man
long board whoa you got some trick
stairs up i boys just signing my life
away right now
there you go individual name is okay I'm
wearing a helmet now skate strapped up
and ready to go
I hope it got big head yeah
idiot yep yeah there we go
tell me how I look at the comment
section do you guys think the racing
looks suits me or not it's not my turn
to go in this car there you go I'm ready
I hope I'm ready
Oh
oh yeah it's not you
oh my god
oh my god that was absolutely insane
like there's tears going out my eyes
right now I was just no you guys you
guys got here I got a leash maybe or
just mental
okay so
so the car you just saw go basically
that's the one we're gonna have a ride
in but the axle broke
yes it snapped like right before
everybody go on the ride and snapped so
you won't be going on that for today but
I think we got so much drifting and
stuff so I hope you guys enjoyed you're
gonna head off home down
amazing amazing day of the Yas Marina
you shall never inviting me down
it was meant to man it was meant to like
maybe we're going to get right of that
another day but I had it I think maybe
it was meant to be I think I would have
literally a heart attack if I went for a
ride in that because that is one false
Corbyn I knew but I probably gonna leave
now good seeing you man thank you so
much over you shot at him guys thanks
for dealing with my stuff dealing with
the driveway whoa okay but the car
lovers today was a proper racing de Luca
Sofia
thank you so much I just noticed they
have a wall of fame over here that has
like the hands of the famous races so if
you check this out Lewis Hamilton 2014
this was actually really recent 2011
Lewis Hamilton then we have Sebastian
Vettel which seems to have won it three
times that is cool all right you know
what guys let me just they got more
vlogs more vlogs ahead let's leave this
Laish today we learned how to drift but
I didn't really learn that well I was
kind of bad at it but you know at least
I did it yo I just go home and I am
tired like man good time right now where
those oh okay you guys know what time it
is I'm going to take a small break up
like an hour or two from vlogging
probably take like a quick nap and I'll
catch you guys after that so peace so
I'm just outside cuz two awesome people
have come and they've come all the way
from Saudi Arabia and here they are
Ahmed
and Raj yo what is up guys and they got
into vlogging cuz of me so yeah there we
go
they've got the cameras on fleek
anything you want to say to the squad
well shout out is Haiti Austin and then
fake shout out to the boys shout out
through the noise I like that by the way
huge thank you Sam they brought by so
many gifts I still don't know what this
is I might open it inside John tell me
or shy keeper as a surprise I don't know
Cuba I got here as a surprise I'll open
it up inside and they brought Lana like
make out what light is that my black
light what what's a lighting tonight
it's close and we'll show you the glow
the t-shirts oh so it's like them disco
light that way
oh ok cuckoo but yeah thank you guys so
much if they have a vlog channel bye
we're trying to make up a name for their
vlog channel right now so if they have
it by the time we finish speaking I'll
leave that link down below so you can
check them out and they want to be one
of the first people to vlog in Saudi
Arabia which will be meant to like
that'd be awesome so yeah anyways guys
remember three two one Yolo Yolo I
restart man thank you okay so me Ahmed
and forest are going on a little ride in
the Mustang showing them the power of
this car and I hope you guys like it
we're first in mind by the way guys and
you know your boys the red light
destroyer and yeah we're just
experiencing this car to the fullest
double vlogging here don't like it come
on
I think it's turning green
I think the guy takes us on two ratios
getting me a look he was giving me a
look will give them a head start
come on we are you but yeah there you go
guys that was added and Feroz I had some
free towns like your guys you were
riding the Mustang they were like yeah
for sure and you know we had a bit of
fun we had a bit of fun can't be a fight
aliens are heading on home now and yeah
just I'm just really tired I was really
cool meeting them and I can go home and
open what they got me I don't even know
what it is but huge thank you to them
for whatever it is this is really weird
I just got home and the back door to our
house is completely open and this is
never open like what Wow okay I know why
it's open you guys basically I'm not
sure if you saw like while I was talking
to happen the fries bubbles was outside
he was like running around we're trying
to get him inside like off the vlog
obviously but he just he just doesn't
come back in so my mom what she has done
now like I just saw her she's looking
around for him and she's left that door
open for him to come inside and yeah
he's just not coming inside he's not
coming inside at all the mission to get
bubbles inside is still on
you got the CCTV to look at where he is
a cake he's right around this corner
look like he should be right around here
bubbles come come no come to me please
mommy mommy they go yeah yeah that way
that way he's a he's in front of the car
go no then it good yes right right mama
no he just refuses to go inside like
legit just refuses he has ran into the
road again
ah so to wrap up today's vlog I'm going
to open what Ahmed and Franz brought by
so let's see what it is it says I'll
love it so you know I'm gonna love it
anyways that's open it up and see what
it is yeah
wait what is this they call me a virtual
reality no that is crazy what nah thank
you guys so much
yo that is crazy cool oh my god listen
uh I got even speak that is so awesome I
seriously can't believe they just got me
a virtual reality simulator that is so
cool anyways I was a wrap up today's
Lord cure guys you do not realize how
much are the big smiles on my face I'm
so excited to get to using this I'm
gonna read about it before I do I don't
want to mess it up and stuff but yeah
that's just insane I never actually you
could own these like I thought there are
only things you could use like you know
events and stuff like that but to have
one at home that is dog seriously dog
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog with a
big fat smile on my face I am so excited
because these things are so cool but
yeah if you guys have enjoyed I love
your faces by the way for Friday that
we're going to be doing that drifting
thrinng drifting thrinng
drifting ride with that car that broke
down today let me know if you want Lana
to come as well because I know it's
going to be a super scary ride so you
guys might want to see your reaction too
so yeah comment down below if you want
to come anyway stay awesome everybody I
love you all you guys
once I put smiles on my faces so thank
you for doing that
and yeah y'all Yolo goodbye squad ooh
