yoyoyo
everybody it's your boy mo today so
we're actually going for a Lamborghini
event again today you guys know what the
deal is you've been on these Lambo tours
with us but today's gonna be a bit
different it's actually raining right
now like look at the street there's
puddles and everything and I'm not sure
if there's any flooding anywhere like on
the streets there might be so today
there's like 12 Lamborghinis stuck in a
huge flood I'm gonna be the first person
to release it on YouTube so yes anyways
yeah you're washing your car in rain oh
okay
anyways we're gonna head out if there is
any sort of flooding on the roads it's
gonna be very interesting we're very
nerve-wracking at the same time what are
you saying yeah the other side is good
man don't worry let's go you need to get
the car ready I don't know why I have a
feeling that there's gonna be one road
or something with a lot of war on it and
we have to pass it
anyways cars switched on we're ready to
go I've collected for the ages since
we've
Lamborghini correct me if I'm wrong whoa
puddles puddles on puddles the rain is
just pouring and we're swiping across as
a bride for five million front of us
that might be with us I'm not sure but
it's going to be interesting to see how
the day turns out actually a long drive
I think it's all the way to Abu Dhabi
which is the next scene so should be one
for me because I'm going to get my that
lawn is going to be swerving in the
street and the virgin so as you can see
we just got to our destination guys a
bit rainy but we have some new additions
to the club
look at this Aventador number one but
secondly we have a Bugatti a new member
I don't even know what this car just
looks absolutely gorgeous we're going to
walk along and see a couple of the other
cars a nice addition a nice addition I
bought it and I was like yo I think we
have a good ride then we have like some
Ferraris but it's getting a bit rainy
I'll show you the rest of them on the
trip for now we're going to go inside
before my camera gets more damaged
let's go peace out if we could to see
that Bugatti
what do you ride this Corvette looks
really really cool you got the doors up
and everything this has to be modified
right
I don't think Corvette doors have like
the scissor doors but super awesome okay
so the last couple of cars just came in
one of them being this yellow SV
absolute beautiful car look at the
exhaust on this car for four pipes this
car looks absolutely gorgeous and yeah I
think there's nobody else that's coming
I think everybody showed up we have like
loads more and I'm not gonna walk around
in the rain to show you but okay we have
one more McLaren I can show you here and
some other stuff you know just a bunch
of supercars okay I'm actually gonna go
on a smaller ride with the SV to go fill
up some gas let's see I've actually
never sat in an SV before whoo let's go
Wow the interior of this by the way guys
I just want to show you the interior on
this SV because everything is carbon
fiber starting off with the doors look
full carbon fiber door here and even the
format's the design is in carbon fiber
which is just amazing but yeah we're
just being up with everybody
so he can start this journey hi the cars
are now leaving I think as you can see
I'm just going to hop it to my sister's
car but well yeah all the way to the
front we had the police going back wow
this is an absolutely amazing lineup
look at these cars challenger we just
got so many by doing this Aventador is
extremely loud when you rev
Oh little bear for a cheeky rub there
don't you make the big boy
I'm gonna go before my ear runs hot my
sister's gonna give the SP way just cuz
it's a gorgeous car tab in front of us
I like how you think I like how you
think you're like okay sv got that nice
booty on the car so we're gonna let it
go in front oh it looks so gorgeous
though have you seen the inside of that
car beauty ah favorite cars to be honest
with you I love the SV for so many
different reasons they're saying the PPS
not I love it because it's limited yeah
it's just like a perfect supercar man
the journey begins here okay look at
this
all of these supercars in there a lick
so that he's who the roads are great
slippers I'm gonna scared rain boys race
because that guard beautiful that is an
absolutely stunning part
Oh
Oh
Oh st was not taking that long my
sisters friend is coming
that's my best friend
these are the real MVP taking the
pictures Louis up on that we safe
so I hope you guys are enjoying the ride
so far few cars are here and the others
I love seeing supercars in the rain it
just it just looks so cool but this is
the map in my hand this we're going to
we're going all the way to up with the
reserves on one hour drive so I think
we're going to get a couple of
interesting shots on the way there we're
going to somewhere coincide that Island
or sign that Beach something so yeah
oh my god thank center agents never get
on guys
okay everybody is by the side of the
road so we're stopping here I guess huh
this is interesting do you know how
freakin young yeah I was like stop okay
so the rules have changed off a little
bit apparently we're going to go super
fast in one line like one straight line
of cars really close to each other let's
do this Roy's already I don't even mine
this is a community bringing fun there
goes our escort everybody follow quick
here we go
when they said for killing boss Bank for
not joking cursed luckily right now
we made it over everybody else you guys
say in front of us we've got the Audi r8
to the right whoo
basically guys my sister's door was open
her friend likely to doctor and she was
like yo your doors open so he quickly
pulled to the side I had to close that
gorgeous yellow bumblebee color
look at this line SP Bugatti Aventador
Nissan GTR this is snap worthy right
here everything right there
these guards are so gorgeous
look who's catching up gt-r power 1000
horsepower cubed gt-r I got another axe
made out guys I'm completely lying it
could be it could tell I have no idea I
don't know what I think it's an airplane
or the metro behind us somewhere noise
what is that noise
humble or neck played one of them
okay I think it was a Lambo definitely
Lambo
that sounds like a rocket jet
these cars are loud this don't make
sense right now you better work
whenever you're ready boy
Hey each Gurgaon man he took on slow
down
three two hot dog
okay we have the right or left the
desert GTR to the right who will win
this contendership will they even race
who knows let's see
the racing
in these races law has been taking it
down was harder than beating mill by
what that every race driving that's what
you call a Bugatti booty eyes a Bugatti
booty it seems like we're going to like
somewhere very private you know like a
really secret meeting that nobody else
would know about is this like but it's
really cool only the elite squad know
about it which are they sick it looks
like that all right
Hayes I'm not even sure a guy okay we
just made it over and look at where
we're parking the cars up in the sand
not the sand I mean the grass but it
looks absolutely gorgeous got a nice
lineup I'm guessing that's the hotel
we're going to behind there but yeah not
bad the more cars coming in one of the
loudest Aventadors today
smarter the cause of alban parked up now
doors off on the aventador look at this
line this is absolutely ridiculous you
have like 20 cars here and all of them
are just special everybody at the back
over there taking bows from the front
you know I had to do a bit different and
come to the back get the booty shot of
the cars before we move in front of them
this is what happens when you come
supercar riding on a rainy day guys
what is this
you look so posh right now oh my god
what are you doing
yeah our mum gave us the umbrella do you
want to take I was like actually I will
guys this will eventually loved so much
there you go it's actually pouring now
let's go let's go let's go let's go yo I
need this is oh where do we go
okay I think they want to show us some
gold for doing some sore like drive so
that's our guy right the camera is not
protected from down brother girl let's
go okay so apparently everybody's
getting three shots guys I can't play
golf I don't think I'm gonna go for it
but let's see who wins out here whoo
found it sweet let's see what are you
guys this 202 okay because we're
probably not gonna take part in that
golf competition for leaving to save
more videos of the cars my sense is like
I want to get a nice statue everything
so many boys on a golf boy okay that's
really good
amazing shot te conoc√≠ somebody with an
umbrella on a golf course of those are
guarding heroines weekend it's like what
are these doing weird to think you think
everybody wants to know better right now
this umbrella
yeah mummy mommy's on brother Yeow okay
yes thank you block out the hole Bugatti
why not no I can't wait wait wait look
Harry no you stop moving yeah
no what stop stop let's go let's go I'm
pouring down with rain it's raining so
badly we're like lunatics right now
people think we're working as
photographers
still out what type uh all right keep
your snaps on let's go help mo please
I'm getting tortured out here for some
balls help me I just take a phone and
some balls oh my god yes it's a good
shot please let's leave yes we don't
we've seen them all day long
you see them well what the hell are we
doing here
this is this is torture music look
everybody's looking at us like a bunch
of lunatics
no why we're used to this we lived in
London for God's sake like it rains
every day
what no not me he's an umbrella put it
this way we already come on dude
going up more I let's go to me okay
let's tuck in the Charmin this is hectic
we're going inside didn't take any
pictures of you mom I be right back one
second
finally we're going inside guys alright
there you guys are bear we're finally
going inside off there it is your choice
to go out the right
but it's nice you're really nice bar
over here I look at this place
whoo all right not bad at all not bad at
all
okay we're gonna stay here to freshen up
a little bit close that on bright
eternity yeah do not lose that everybody
here once done umbrella
look at this fireplace this actually
looks so cool and it's really hot it's
actually really hot Wow
yeah it's actually like why I don't know
how's it staying on the fireplace
supercars everything I'm Bret huh it's
like complete mess today we just got in
the hotel and you can see but the back
entrance looks even more beautiful lot
what I'm telling decide it says said
yeah Beach Hotel I think
whoa
that's you don't imagine if we parked
all five cars around here we should tell
them you know how I feel like no you
know how I feel like guys when we went
to Singapore the weather was like this
yeah it reminds me of Singapore
especially the views were getting now
because we went to Singapore we stayed
at this really nice hotel was like a
jungle II looking 1 and this looks like
it's amazing y'all I'm so happy we came
here today like what's your snap saying
though guys you know like on Instagram
like have you noticed I post everything
oh yeah a month late I just don't know
why I never get is it too late now to
say sorry my brother's I know everything
before me but you know this is gonna be
up in april/may yeh around mate I'm
expect this girl when it comes to
closely and stuff cuz you lazy not
cooking lazy so many pictures and I
can't make up my mind about what's the
chair anyways take your photos let's go
stop the yappin and start chatting
finally we're heading back inside to go
have our dinner we have like a buffet in
there you left the umbrella how could
you risk that anybody know I didn't even
realize okay I think the bathrooms are
down here this place is really like
elegant and posh guys every night you
know every store every golf like hotel
looks so posh insider I think I see you
soon I saw I think like oh like go
hotels are just like really fancy
because you know golfers are like posh
type of people but yeah like they look
it this is how you know it's a golf
place look all the walls they have like
golf things hung up on them look look at
that they have a live jazz player
also to start with that's amazing by the
way because I know all if you ask what
super car clubs are you guys involved
with guys it's actually called the IBV
super Club as you can see on this little
sign yo what's up man he's got that
crazy Corvette guys that pimped out one
but yeah let's go inside
yup lon up then she's gonna be giving
out the prizes right ready one but do it
thank you so much
anyways we're heading home now guys
amazing amazing event you shout out to
the guys the ipv4 am eyeing us down
today yeah it is go time now you ready
to lead
wow he actually looks so nicely but I
still reading what it's actually still
raining and they're taking away the
photos no okay it's actually pretty cold
now at night so it's so cold
alright that's got to be a heat from
this fire that's a good buy for this
golf course I was gonna play guys by
going to day or two many good golfers
I'm skipping a few likes of mine wonder
and women
what you see is in money or me anyways
home sweet home I'm actually starting to
miss grumpy guys like poor guy don't
know where he's gone I hope it was just
him like going to another area nothing
bad happened to him but as I said he's
been gone for quite a while now honey
Toby's here this up Toby missing grumpy
the best I don't think she misses grumpy
I think they're worried they didn't even
get along that much mommy what's in
there wait wait you see that guys there
she is there she is
y'all look at this mummy mo had my back
as soon as I go home food was ready
you're on point we got this kabob
looking thing over here you know got
that glass bottle and finally my
favorite type of bread Lebanese bread
anyways let's get to feasting huh
actually wait let me put you guys down
here this is my favorite thing to do I
love opening these glass bowls they're
just so cool come on we can do it please
last time I did this I spilled it all
over my computer so let's try and not do
that this time
yes we opened it let's see yo I am so
thirsty right now water water is life as
always guys are gonna wrap up today's
look here but look at my desk down here
like every time I stare it I love so
much that these hundred dollar tissues
like on skype I mess around my friends
and I hold them and they're like yo get
your tissue paper out of this Skype
camera anyway stable so everybody I love
you all I'm so so tired right now I'm
not going to lie I was up last night
editing so much because obviously
yesterday's video actually don't know
but what we're talking about
I get don't worry about it guys anyways
they all sort of love you old yellow
yellow goodbye
