yoyoyo everyone welcome to another
friday listing blog so this morning you
can probably tell a huge branch from
that tree has fallen into our garden and
it's absolutely massive like look at the
size of this thing it's still attached I
think I don't know it doesn't look like
it's fully broken but yeah we need to
get it moved out of our garden anyways
I'm not sure if you could already see it
or not but I've got a GoPro my pocket
and the reason is I need to go give back
a memory card yesterday with all of that
cool drone footage that I got I needed
the memory card obviously put into my
computer so Michael kindly landed me his
which I put my GoPro just to keep it
safe and stuff so gonna go head over to
the office right now to drop it off and
yeah let's get headed on our way now is
it just me or do GoPros on selfie sticks
just look so cool I know it just looks
so like professional and sporty looking
by the way tomorrow we have a huge car
bang going on again so you know what
time is tomorrow taking this Lambo out
for a ride okay I just made it over to
Michael guys and he's got this longboard
you guys know I'm in love with these
longboard things and he can do this like
360 turn on the back wheel so show us
what you got hope I don't know it's
better than anything I can do woo wow
that's actually really good for a
longboard cuz you can't flip these
things they're so huge and stuff so
that's pretty much the best thing here's
what oh really
Elton's are the guy by the way you saw
yesterday pretty good stuff man and
you're a drone you got it right because
I lost in the sky somewhere really none
anyways good seeing you man I appreciate
it yeah see you soon peace anyways guys
cool little stop over here I'm gonna
head back home now I just came to drop
off that memory card Michael awesome guy
over there you guys saw but the beach
right now it's a really cloudy so it's
like really cool over here and I'm
really happy that got my wind muffler or
you guys wouldn't be able to hear me
talk because it's really windy yeah
this is a classic o method or these
streets okay I see you I see you do your
thing so I just got back home as you
guys can see and my channel has hit a
huge huge milestone and you might be
confused with what it is but I just
actually hit 100 million views on the
channel that is a crazy crazy number
like just put it into perspective guys
100 million people could have
potentially seen my face now I know a
lot of them are gonna be repeat people
watching it but let's just even see 10
million people gonna see in this face
that's just mad but there you go guys
let me just show on my channel focus in
on that
there you go 100 million five hundred
nine seven thousand and to celebrate
that I think I should change my picture
my display picture of my youtube channel
number one it's kind of outdated we
don't even have the Range Rover anymore
and number two just way let's let's get
a good focus on this face why do I look
so mad in this photo like and look what
that photo genuinely makes me look like
I was forced to take that photo I was
like angry face like my hands locked up
I was like why am I doing this but I
think it's about time we changed it
what's why I was just to get home we'll
change other actually out right now with
the lamb but it needs to do some work so
yeah once that car gets back home we'll
try and line up my Mustang and Lambo to
get a good shot I've got like the worst
luck ever I swear I'm waiting for an
assistant to get home while the Sun is
out or like it's still bright a little
but apparently they're stuck in traffic
and won't make it so I don't think we
can take the photo today but hopefully
by the time this vlog is out there
should be an updated banner
you put a battery into banner but they
actually go show you the camera I took
the photo in for my last banner
I've got like a professional DSLR camera
and I never use it like I barely ever
use it and it's just sitting in my room
in this bag should be most first ever
professional camera I found open oh oh
no okay be more careful mo so hard
opening things when you have one hand to
use here is guys that is the body of my
first professional camera I got this
like 6 years ago and let me find the
lens it should be somewhere here there
we go and that is the lens pretty easy
to put this camera together all you do
is just take this off but I'm guessing
I'm such an annoying sound I'm guessing
there's gonna be a load of like
embarrassing pause on this camera ok
what do we do you put the lens in and
turn now this should turn on okay not
bad at all guys look who decided to join
me upstairs I think you just woke up and
he's in a bad mood I think it's because
I dropped all that stuff where are you
buddy say hi to the vlog just to show
you that this camera was in fact the
camera I used to take my youtube banner
it's still on here look at this to see
that guys that is the official photo of
my youtube banners that or was one of
these you see I keep can changing it I
took a couple that day just random ones
like actually I think it's this one cuz
of the color anyways what's up with mr.
grumpy today why are you so moody look
who finally made it home guys it's
pretty much dark outside and I don't
think it's time to take photos anymore I
wanted to take a new thumbnail shot
today
but for my new youtube banner the
Mustang in the Lambo but it's dark okay
so I'm trying to get myself a nice show
of the lineup of the cars guys well I'm
not sure exactly how it should be just
doesn't look that great my mom looks
like a complete tourist right now take
some shots of the car's gone
professional photographer right here
doesn't even know how to use the camera
mommy I let's see Oh take one four oh
okay she knows what she's doing she
knows what she's doing you know what
guys I think I'm gonna do the photo
another day because I just don't know I
think this shot would be way too boring
and overseen let me know your thoughts
right now I actually want to go make you
over to some break break show break
dancing show that's going on so I'll try
and think about an idea for a cool photo
and you guys can help me out I guess and
then I'll just quickly take photo and
put it up as the banner sound like a
plan yes it does before we actually head
out I've got some pretty sad news which
I'm not a hundred percent sure but it's
pretty confirmed like for the past five
days Grumpy's been missing like we
haven't seen him even my mom mom have
you seen grumpy and we're not sure if
he's just left by himself somebody's
taking him and put him in another area
but he's actually gone missing which is
pretty sad because it happens straight
after the hashtag kill grumpy now I'm
sure he's not dead but I think he's just
gone out of this error cuz we haven't
seen him for like five days right now
and we saw that guy every single day
like he would come to our house to get
food so um I'll keep you guys updated
but for now it looks like he's not
coming back
only Toby's here so Toby's still here
hey bud how you doing
poor guy now I think grumpy was her
boyfriend so yeah maybe he ran away from
her who knows maybe he's moved on to the
next chick Wow
look at this sky today everybody look at
the top of the buildings they're covered
in clouds that is an absolutely amazing
shot my friend was telling me over that
the war place saying that it might rain
tomorrow so that would be pretty cool to
see for now you can enjoy this cloudy
weather I actually really like clouds
and stuff they look awesome
I made it over to where the BMX /
breakdancing thing is going on that I
can't really see from here but once I
get closer let's see what's up bar spin
now into the time machine that trick is
told there's a couple of tricks going on
in there
I know the organizers the scene even
possible for me to go in and get some
footage shot that we vacuum I'm in zone
if we're gonna get sick or even straight
a minor okay I think we're kings and
this is awesome
then we have some your feeding area
these wraps eyes you really big like
he's got the megavision unicorn now from
everyone who is ready yes we are ready
trials champion nobody better to display
this style of riding known as matted
biker trials put your hands together
make some noise later the first athlete
in the show his name is Luke Madigan now
this is a little bit like gymnastics but
all about the Freestyle linking the
combos
together ladies and gentlemen one of the
world's best been performing in shows
for over six years
Luke Madigan hey I do my Marv if I die
now somebody could get hurt here so this
takes very very still and then hopefully
won't survive this only six people have
died so and he's done it seven times so
you should refine your kbecque he looks
a little bit nervous there's a little
bit of rain on the floor so careful of
that bend a little bit slippery
can we have a little rubber
my hogs in your mouth Tesco is screaming
a little bit he was moving quite a lot
are you okay babe you okay oh that was
good but I think I think we need to take
this time we're putting this man's
ability to procreate a risk here so
we're going to need a little bit of
noise can I hear some hands going to go
is but not the wheel Oh got a bright boy
there from the airport
is anything else gonna fall off no we
could be having human kebab for dinner
can we get some noise go for bed check
this control yes soldier well hells can
we have a round of applause please
I drop him sets three quick Wow that was
absolutely massive double windscreen
wise person and the parkour side of this
is about the fluidity of movement but
within a lot of here
yeah kitchens always go for now
reception this guy's good what you first
bit of a spin to talk and no hander no
changes on the most freestyle of all the
bikes he's got those brakes on their
small diameter wheels and a short
wheelbase makes it very light way Oh
360 and fast bit bike is designed for
very smoothly done put your hands
together for bed sandwich lining up for
this big gap can we keep this vibe going
run trip and dropping in together once
again let's get those hands going to get
up and down the jaw Superman
Mastiff extension so that concludes
round 300 and Lucas beer as well people
of the beach makes it noise almost in
the air the same time let's keep this
atmosphere going laser general put those
hands together let's get this nice going
shit absolutely everywhere put your
hands together later the backflip train
look at that bad so high off the ground
pub that is a monster drop if he's going
to go for that I'm gonna need everyone
to go home
solutely wild for him
come on this is one of the biggest drops
I have ever witnessed laser janma put
some hands together Ben Savage dropping
a drop on that rigid frame from the
World Championships
oh thank you so much for being here
it's been a wicked day one yeah advanced
urban a beach at the beach the great dog
thing that went on here mom
they're doing a bit of freestyle stop
here hey
look at these guys guy okay so the event
is done guys as you can hear peace and
quiet nothing else is going on right now
kind of leave which way should I go
through okay I see a little gap through
here
so we're taking it well slipping through
there yes not going to lie that was
pretty mental like day I got you're like
within the last half an hour and I was
like could organiser and I was like
please just get me in there we'll get
some great footage and it turned out
dope shout out to them all the
information down in the description I
think this events going on for three
days but no is completely amazing that
like the best freerunners BMXers and
stuff like that sure you guys saw that
their tricks oh wow I'm actually really
hot the music was so loud I'm partially
deaf right now but now it turned out
epic this is the face of absolute
exhaustion guys I don't know it was so
hot like the crowd or cheering think all
that energy born here but you know mommy
came through with them biscuits though
them myths kids she's alright what was
my even biscuit alright
not even gonna lie I'm starving right
now so this is a lifesaver
okay let's go check out this ice-cream
place in other places that steal your
ice cream from you give it steal it
alright that's not a good way of
describing it but let's see
nice
anyways I'm gonna head off home now the
environment here is so chillaxing who as
you can see ice cream places just joking
around and stuff and yeah just loads of
events over here jvr this game is
virtually impossible guys look at it
I've seen so many people play this stuff
it's just so hard I swear I am so sweaty
right now that I would even want to go
in that fountain and take a shower like
right now if there was like nobody
around I just would go in there and take
a shower like I am boiling it's actually
really getting hot now in the violet
it's starting to get summery and oh boy
oh boy it's gonna gonna heat up a little
bit just a tad bit anyways right now I'm
so hungry we're gonna go grab some
shawarma from our local area I didn't
want any closer Alma isn't the
healthiest but I didn't want fast food
so I thought sure wall would be the best
thing we can get this this is how lazy
me and my mom are okay we've come to our
show our place and we haven't even left
the car to order a few no we sat here my
mom told me to honk so they would come
and take our delivery I count joking we
didn't honk they just come up to your
car cuz they know you're here for food
satellite ok these people are way too
fat to walk like 10 meters over that for
some Chihuahuas oh let's go to that car
and see what they want
oh yeah I just ordered my shawarma -
chicken no salad extra sauce thank you I
think our orders here thank you so much
thank you alright time to go home you go
everything money you got them goods
hey that's mine Oh after home now as
always everybody I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I've actually got the
worst back ache ever I have to use this
backache spray right now I like to make
the pain go away I can barely move my
neck I don't know what it's from like
exercise I don't even know I don't even
know like I haven't even done anything
yesterday I slept on the floor from my
nap and I think that's where the problem
came but I'll see you guys more for a
very cool vlog
another Lambo events I know how much you
like these car vents and yeah it should
be fun generally so stay awesome
everybody for now let's see how this
spray work okay I don't even know by the
way look at this can line I have it is
huge oh it went in my eye
alright they wasn't already love you all
Yolo goodbye
