Wow real-life Batman here real-life but
it's so cool
the yo-yo everyone welcome to another
vlog so I actually wasn't even supposed
to start the vlog yeah I'm super scruffy
and I just woke up but something got
delivered from our pure box to our door
sometimes it happens when it's bigger
packages and people pay first loss
delivery and it's from Lada and look at
this box and what the hell is it is it's
so heavy like I can barely lift it up oh
it looks like they've said like I don't
even know I don't know anyways I don't
even think she heard the doorbell when
it came so let me go to grab or give it
to her okay the reason she actually
didn't come down is cuz she's in the
bathroom so she has no idea this is here
she's gonna chuck it on her bed that's
her problem now we're gonna open it up I
guess later for the mail time since we
got one package today my sister said we
should go to the post office to get the
rest so we need to quickly head over
because it's gonna close soon so yeah
we're going in my car again
we're just at the post office right now
I'm going to go and collect it looking
forward to all your fan mail so
hopefully you'll see that soon all right
we're just about a part right now I'm
going to hand it over tomorrow I think
we might start paying for the service
when they deliver everything to our door
because the road is sold out there's a
service where you can pay extra they'll
like bring all your posts to your door
which makes it more convenient for once
I'm really happy that they have these
chairs because look I can push my way to
my pure box
la la la
okay which one is ours okay found it oh
it looks like we've just got like
packages anyway
I'm enjoying myself way too much
anyways let's go see what the slips are
about we didn't expect that to be honest
the main reason we actually came today
isn't because we got that box is because
we wanted to post something off I'm
right okay might as well do you like you
know one shot two targets type of thing
I don't know what to say right now and
you're gonna see why what the hell
we got so much post they had to give us
a bag like we're not in this bag there
is a load and load of posts from you
guys and we have to actually empty it
into my boot how did we get this much
post what oh oh oh oh that is okay yo
guys guys seriously okay be careful with
it how much did we get like I'm glad I
don't think we can bring the Lambo soon
look at that one
I swear I still can't fathom like we
didn't come here for the post site we
were actually sending up something guys
you're all so amazing like woah it's
just it's unbelievable like I didn't
expect this day a day would come when we
would have to carry such a new we gave
the guy two slips like out of the fire
anything to show that we had so much
yeah like we have two slips and we gave
it to him and he comes out with a bag
we're like I know I thought I didn't say
I was like this is all ours or you gonna
take out the pieces I was like nope no
all yours we're like I'm shocked
and it's pretty any good anyways let's
go home and see what's up man let your
fans love yo I quickly stopped by the
street because you're not going to
believe why see
there's a baton of your being loaded
onto a truck right now I quickly parked
my car one second check this bad boy out
guys I just saw this while we were
driving by and I think they're going to
load it onto this truck what look at it
compared to the cars passing by this is
humongous and if you guys are wondering
how much this is I've actually checked
it's a million dollars Wow this is
definitely not something you're going to
run into every single day but it's
really awesome to see look at the
interior of that car the doors like open
kind of kind of like the scissor doors I
still can't believe why I just saw sure
like I'm seeing okay
I told my sister to come and check it
out - it looks really awesome look at
this come over Wow
real-life Batman here real-life what oh
but it's so cool guys
okay this is really cool cuz now it's in
the shade and you can see it properly
listen to the engine of this bad boy
what do you think of that it's not
everyday you like run across Batman like
that
okay I'm really going to show you the
front now
I'm kind of intimidated by the Battle of
you and it's haunted
because it is
awesome I don't know why I'm smiling
surround
oh the Batmobiles coming towards me
okay let's go around
I'm curious to see if this bitch guys I
don't think it will
really really loud I'm not sure on how
much you guys are thinking up
it's very loud and it's funny because
the car is so big too if the wheels have
to go like the edges if you can see that
oh my god
okay it looks to beyond right now
one awesome way to start the day guys
only in Dubai
can you drive home and see the map of
you on your way fellas
okay let's head off home now and opens
on the mail okay
that's what chapters this part we
finally got a whole mummy look at the
mail okay we have to tell our mum to
bring a bin bag look no you just press
the button we have to tell our mum to
bring a bin bag do you see that a hole
hole hole everybody oh oh you know I
just got the mail but there you go kids
if you're nice Santa will give you a
gift
see you soon kids bye anyways I'm about
to open a couple of the things you guys
sent us and I'm gonna be honest we're
not gonna open all of the mail to be
honest we're probably not even gonna
open most of it so look how much there
is and this is why I'm just gonna
randomly pick a couple of my sister open
them up and see what we get inside them
because I'm gonna be honest
doing a fool mail time on this probably
would mean like an hour long videos so
time to pick out a few couple lucky
pieces let's see what do you think is a
lucky piece out of these now we have to
choose three layers each and two boxes
each one of the boxes I'd pick is this
not your turn that's my box and I know
what's in there that's why I picked it
it's a boomerang okay that's one box I
chose now we get three more two from
your side okay that's her box let's make
a couple of more all right that is that
do I get one more package which is just
yeah this could decide everything okay
you know I'll take this stay go and that
is gonna be today's mail time okay ready
let's go neck cramp
having the snake problem - since this
morning what the hell is that retarded
movement any stop fight you're gonna see
in the video
okay let's start real-time alright so as
always we will read all your layers guys
but they're just not going to be on the
vlog to save a bit of time so let's get
straight into this first go to theirs
and then you're the bigger parcels to
see what's inside them let's go oh okay
so look what's in the first piece of
mail online I wonder if it it's stuck
look we have some little you know
pictures we have what's this bird called
again I forgot that's some monkey and
then we have finally spongebob and
patrick i forgot the name is up so thank
you so so much that i mean thank you so
much is pretty oh my leg so just won't
see oh what was that what is that oh I
think it's a twenty Cronus's from sweden
I think so thank you so much for that
that's also oh I'm the worst with
pronouncing names so if I do bad at this
I'm sorry
barley Garnica land lega thank you for
that so the next packet we got this
really cool note from Ethiopia it's one
of their currency we have no idea what
the currencies could go so I'm sorry
less than the comment section is the
first one we got yes our first Ethiopian
bill thank you for that this is the
bazooka I know what this is this is a
poster but I'm interested to see what it
is in that yeah okay there we go
i I don't know why I just don't like
opening stuff which is like this I'm not
gonna lie guys I think
and that's that just stopped with
tissues and wrapping and then there's a
spider in cycle stop scaring me okay
thankfully no spine edition I'm kidding
guys I don't even think spiders will get
to us because of that nothing in there
oh whoa
okay I'm interested to see what this
pond sorry
Wow Matt what is that I'm trying to
figure it out - let's see the mold of
the car it's a poster all we've knowing
- oh all your work okay there you go you
will push for a fire break thank you so
much I'm still confused that so it looks
like a classic car but no mistake yes oh
I used to throw brushes moment I need
one of these by the way magician my
sister found an amazing use for the
package she's using it for her brushes
so thank you - under the table okay so
the last two things are opening are
these two I know it's been a really
quick mail time but I wanted to keep it
short for today don't worry man power to
stop man power
okay no man power I need something okay
Oh what is - the fit what is all of this
okay that seems to be close to here oh
that is a CD there is some clothes I'm
guessing for you okay let's read the
note first maybe I'm not yours reveal
from my home could be for money -
there's more blows Wow do you see that
guys don't worry it's not the camera is
actually faded in real life as well so
are you sure
you help me love it help me I think this
is what I'm taking ownership of this my
it's large
it's more me help me it should fit it's
large look it's gonna set look once I
can move my eyes stop is this not yours
why it's not to go with it so you're not
going to help me I pick it up at least
oh my god look it's mine okay I think
we've kind of confirmed that's not mine
guys this is my taking everything that
was tight rather than heavy now Jesus
could as confusing as it sell it to you
so huge love man all that stuff was from
India my sister is actually gonna wear
what they've said so we'll be back in a
couple of seconds to see those for me
are those for me but I guess no it's for
her so she's gonna wear I will see how
she looks like before and after ok oh is
that for me is that for me that might be
for me oh let me see let me see
yo yo look at that guys your boy sitting
in a Bugatti and it's like a family one
Thank You Man I appreciate you that is
awesome
are you guys me before and now after
my first time trying to go up it never
tried before in this beautiful thank you
so much damn Daniel back at it again
Daniel so I'm pretty sure this is from
India guys which looks really really
cool I think it's like a cultural dress
which looks awesome beautiful I love the
color combination
gorgeous damn Lana killing it with the
looks Lana well yeah there you go
that is awesome I can finish it off with
this yeah why not
mommy Mama's gonna come and shop because
she's actually something right now my
grandma and when she comes they scoped
out what worried you could like and
that's my daughter I recognize me so
anyways let's get onto the last package
now so let's see what's inside here okay
so in that box came three things first
one is mo blocks second one is Lana and
then third one is mommy mole which I
guess both the bus will open for a she's
not here so should we start with yours
or mine my lips bigger so we'll start
with yours okay let's see what's in this
special package okay let's take so here
goes nothing a few moments later
very well packaged oh you guys I love
versus thank you so much it's a brush
set for my art my painting I love this
there's no more brushes let's see why
whoa oh yeah I knew it I knew it
look at this guy's Islam look at what I
got I got myself a boomerang yeah I blew
right secondly this is an old Australian
note guys that's even told me y'all this
is old handle with care okay I'm
definitely handling that with care and
there is one more thing in here oh this
is so awesome
you've got a money notepad look at that
it's like a notepad money and you can
write on it so yeah strain that's so
nicely guy as well
I've always wanted a brand of I'm scared
of using it because you need to go to
this yeah I'll try this one day in the
desert I promised I don't think anywhere
indoors will be very doubtful or just
like boom and then you'll see granny
Modoc down but thank you so so much this
concludes Mel time huge shower to
triplets see me and yeah thank you so
much see you with the rest of the vlog
heist okay you're probably wondering mo
why the hell are you blogging without a
shirt guys it's seriously getting so hot
right now like summer
oh that's great I'm vlogging without
shirt and there's like loads and loads
of people behind the door okay let me go
put okay let me go put some clothes back
on so it was in fact some yoga squat
that came by its aid safe and be how's
it going guys are not solid shadow
colleges got for life but also meet you
guys thanks for coming by and any more
shout outs to people driving from my
school everybody from the school I love
you mama
peace out there anyways the house really
really awesome the time he was like oh
boy I took off all my clothes was
vlogging and then I was like thinning
but yeah I need to take it all up again
I'm so hot like it's a short sleeve but
she's boiling in here like can you hear
that the AC cycle max and it's still hot
alright so I actually forgot to mention
something or me and my sister did we
forgot to mention that this cool dress
was from Armen VB so huge shout out to
him man he completely forgot we're sorry
we're sorry apologize but thank you so
much like cool thank you baby I love
this by the way my mom and grandma just
got home
oh okay she's home now though she can
open it herself okay here on the vlog
you're on the vlog
ha ha do you like it mommy so since we
actually forgot to open mommy Moe's gift
she's gonna open it right now so get to
opening and let's see what's inside it I
have no idea
bubbles is actually joining the Bell
time he wants to see what's inside as
well so okay pack it inside a packet you
guys are eager to see what's inside it
turn Anna
done Anna what is that oh wait what wait
what 24 karat gold plated bookmark Wow
Wow yes that is really awesome Wow we
just arrived at the mall and I think
I've spied a really special car I'm
walking over to it right now and if I'm
not mistaken okay yes it is guys I just
spotted a Lexus LFA those are super rare
super unique cars and here it is okay
I'm going to turn the camera on it right
now so here it is guys this is the Lexus
LFA now I'm going to be honest with you
guys I actually don't know too much
about this car all I know is that these
cars are very limited and very expensive
so it's really awesome that we got to
see one in person I've actually never
seen one so this is pretty cool I like
the fact that it's got the three exhaust
that's my favorite part about it but
overall really really nice car so I'll
show you it since I don't think you get
the chance to see this car every day
anyways I'm heading off to go eat
because that is why we came here
the pizza also really nice ow d re over
here Park job and a mercedes-benz GTS
with some like gold things on it I'll
show you I mean look at this the GTS
actually has these fine touches of gold
on it which is pretty awesome like not
sure if you see that gold there gold on
the side and on the mirrors really
really cool just touches of gold
everywhere okay I know you guys are
going to roast me that was the SLS the
GTS I'm sorry I always get the two
confused
so I can wear with the McDonald to get
my grandpa a cone ice cream you don't
know what they are they're the one
dirham ice creams like bring your cheap
but they're so delicious I got myself
three one for me lovely bow my granny
for sure she'll love it
this is the bathroom right now so once
you get out I'll give it you check that
out guys those are the ice creams I'm
talking about
delicious absolutely delicious I don't
even think I can hold you in my hand
well alright here's the high screws what
is for you there you go and that two
more one for my mum I want for me I
actually love these so much you don't
even know like I think anybody in Dubai
would know the love I have for these
what from uh me and then final one is
for me
by the way guys I ran into fondant in
the bull so I say what's up to the air
squad
what's up and yeah you're as good as out
here have me by I just go home and I
actually wanted to show you guys
something because I'm not sure if you
remember but the mold blogs and Lana
Rose magnets are actually in our fridge
I forgot to show you us putting them
there and a random picture of somebody
holding a strawberry so they're all on
the fridge guys don't worry by the way
I'm going to the habit of having my
popsicle sticks again which is not
really a good thing but they taste
delicious I will wrap up today's blog
here everybody you know I just realized
this hat and this shirt came from my $50
challenge video if you guys remember
that but stay awesome everybody today's
been like a hectic day for me off log
like I had loads and loads of editing to
do but I prevailed I worked the ass of
that editing or I finally got it done
but yeah if you enjoyed today as well
hit the like button and stay awesome
everybody young Yolo goodbye
