yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today Nico and Luka came by and look
what they have okay
they've got roses for granny more my mom
Ilana which is really see of them but
they went and got an official unreleased
the yo-yo sculpture they actually made
this themselves which is hella awesome
so thank you guys so so much for that
that is dope like I legit just woke up
and they came with them cool present so
thank you guys so so much as always guys
they have a channel I'll link it down
below so what a way to start the day
good morning everyone
anyways we're gonna do their vlog now
and yeah I'll see you with the rest of
my face and here is guys the powered by
mu yo yo Scott sure in front of the
Lambo anyways also seeing you guys high
five yeah I found all around I'm
definitely gonna give them flowers to my
mo granny mo inside and yeah get their
reaction to peace so that was a really
really awesome way to start the day huge
shout out to them actually gonna rock
this t-shirt all day long and they were
so kind to bring these flowers you so I
already gave Lana's tour upstairs but
here's mummy mo and granny Mo's there
you go from the --yeah squad themselves
my grandma's actually buy the same for
now so my mom's gonna go take it to her
and hopefully I can join them once my
editing finishes I swear it's getting so
hectic anyways have fun at the Singapore
see you later bye bye I'm in my room
right now and I want to show you
something because normally I put all my
clothes in this wardrobe like this is
where I look for my clothes but I
decided to take a look in this one and I
found the dumbest thing I think I have
ever bought in my life now I bought this
like a couple years back and I kid you
not this jacket has not been wore by me
even once and I'll tell you why now when
I bought this this is a leather jacket
and I spent a hundred and twenty pounds
which i think is quite a bit of money
for a jacket and I never wore even once
I think this is the
this purchase of my life let me wear you
and show how it looks
wait did I just say let me wear you I
mean let me wear it and sure yeah it
looks here goes nothing Oh
oh my god I can barely straighten out my
arms this is pretty small for me now but
the reason I never boy is when I'm boy
initially I thought I was gonna look
badass in this jacket I was like yo
leather jacket and then when I came to
actually wear it to school
i legit just backpedaled my way outfit I
was like no way people make fun of me
and stuff like that slow it actually sat
in my cupboard for like three years and
I never wanted to give it away because I
was like oh but it's my leather jacket
by never worry so this jacket has never
been worn outside like three years and
it was just a big waste of money I know
it's my fault let me let me I can't even
take it off with one hand it's so tight
that okay Larry yeah oh yeah there you
go most biggest waste of money ever I
might try and wear out from now even
though it's never gonna be cold all
right Peter this jacket man so you can
probably see I've come by this rule to
do a bit of swimming now I want to be
really really honest with you guys
two days ago I uploaded a vlog and in it
I had loads of swimming clips now don't
get me wrong none if you said anything
like there wasn't any comments but after
watching that vlog myself I felt so bad
about myself and I'll tell you why like
personally at the moment I'm not in the
best shape ever like I've gained a lot
of weight compared to like one two years
ago and you guys wouldn't have even seen
a lot of it on the vlog because there's
parts I actually cropped my own belly
out and I know that's really bad but I
don't know it kind of gets to you when
you see you're gaining weight so that's
why I wanna try and do now just start
exercising a bit more that's why I'm
here at the same for now but that will
mean I'm probably gonna start blogging
my exercises less because I've realized
and it is a bad thing whenever I start
vlogging it I don't focus on actually
doing the exercise I focus more on
getting the correct shots and you
nice and make shots but I don't actually
go all out like trying to lose weight
type of stuff so I hope you guys
understand I'm just gonna do a bit of
swimming don't get me wrong I still will
record a lot of it but just not as much
as I would normally so let's take the
shirt off do a bit something and lose a
bit of weight mo come on you can do it
how was your swim mummy good very good
did you guys actually swim or were you
guys talking yesterday they weren't even
swimming I was swimming a little bit and
they were just like walking and talking
to each other but that's fine I guess
what's that oh it's not are you sure
that's not real touch it touch it touch
it
ah are you sure that's okay yo who would
do that
they put a lady you know we should annoy
grandma with it oh yeah okay no no no is
it here is the start of a new mo guys no
time OUP okay that was a bad idea so
much water right in my nose okay I'm
gonna get to swimming and I'll see you
guys after
I'm done listening for now as you can
see it's pretty dark now I'm heading
back home I'm actually really happy with
the workout I did feel really really
fresh and yeah I can just go now to take
a shower and get ready to go out so me
and the family are heading out to go go
village right now and I remember last
time we went a lot of you said no go
back so we're doing it today with my
grandma just gonna go around I guess the
places we didn't go because if you don't
know Global Village has like loads of
countries and stuff like that you can
explore and yeah we pretty cool to go
there by the way I am so tagged do you
guys realize it because I do like I feel
like I'm a different person I'm so
prawns anyways let's go and have some
fun
whoa I look like an evil person would
look at that lying anyways yeah let's
head off and have some fun over there we
just made it over to the global village
and I know I say this every single time
we get here but it looks better every
time like it looks gorgeous right now
I'm not sure if you can see it behind me
it looks like I've come to like you know
Disneyland it actually does like just
take in that view for a couple of
seconds okay so I just got the tickets
by the way a chicken's color from red to
green so check that out I'm not sure how
like often it changes color like every
10 minutes five minutes but it's cool
you got to see two of them anyways let's
go in and have some fun
here goes nothing we are entering the
global village we are back in the
international square I call it is
because it has like all the countries as
you can see a really awesome place we
have China deviceport Khalifa replica
London New York actually really want to
visit the United States this year funny
enough I am actually never been to the
US so that'd be a first
that's definitely gonna happen soon
hopefully summer I'm not even gonna lie
guys at this angle you would totally
believe me that this was the Burj
Khalifa like it looks so real but then
once you get down here they'll be like
your mole how are you this close so
things this is what you need to do to
fool people
what is that
look Locke actually rings that's awesome
so you know what's really funny that
realized compared to like an average
person I would say like I'm an above
average when it says to traveling but
I've never been to like the iconic bases
for example Paris I've never been to
Rome I've never been to even Sydney what
you see over there I have never been to
but on the bright side that means there
are loads of places I can still go and
visit without it game boring because I
haven't been to a lot of them so that's
a good thing I guess yo look at the size
of the teddy bear they want did you see
the size of that teddy bear that was
humongous like I don't know where they
want that from
whoa whoa nice epic yo hey
all the windows not gonna lie that last
one had me afresh the others are my okay
with but that last one looks so cool
anyways action oh they have a war show
going on here okay
you
Wow tah-dah wow that's - pretty cool
shows we ran into right now is really
refined my mom and grandma I think they
sat down because they didn't want to
follow me around obviously because I'm
walking around trying to find the cool
places oh you guys got correctiy without
me okay oh it's just tea okay I see how
it goes I see an arm flying to Venice
sweet you like it since my mom and
grandma got their shells tea I want to
go get myself this special type of ice
cream I'll show you what it is like
these white rice stick looking things
and it's got lemon trust me it's super
super nice so let's go grab my cell
phone I can show you it this is what it
is guys it's these like I don't know how
to explain it but it tastes like lemony
and sweet it's really nice that's
awesome here you go this is the ice
cream and I know it might not look the
best but trust me when I say this thing
is delicious like I know to me it tastes
delicious
so the first area actually come into is
Egypt and they have loads and loads of
cool things so he's making I think it
looks like some sort of I'm not even
sure it's like them things that turn
water guys I'm not sure it's like on a
smaller scale Wow
that's amazing I can't believe he
actually made that because when it comes
to this type of stuff I have no talent
but he's actually handcrafted this whole
thing what you call these I can't
remember the name in English it's like
the ones that move water like when the
water comes but it's like a windmill
kind of thing if you know I mean anyways
really awesome thank you I'm about to
enter the Egyptian Museum they have over
here which is really really awesome cuz
look at this they have a mummy here like
this is actually kind of spooky to stand
next to because I don't know you feel
like it's just looking at you anyways
let's get straight in here and check out
the museum okay what is this I'm unsure
about what this is okay not sure about
what the first one is I think it's just
some like sort of design in arts but
look and these they have like some
horses and bearer statues which look
really cool I just I would love to stand
there like it would make me feel so
satisfied right now but obviously
there's something stopping me but there
you go mr. Farrow over there
loads of art pieces on the wall space is
awesome they've got a bunch of cool
stuff in fear one of them being this
sword it's the sword replica of the
Prophet Muhammad look at that that is
really really cool anyways I'm gonna
move on what is that thing what is this
it is a ram head machine okay anyways
let's keep going and see what we can
find this place I hope I don't get lost
in it because got a couple of turns and
twists in between I never thought I'd
say this but I actually learned
something while I was here so I came in
here and I looked at these flags and the
first thing I thought in my head was why
is the flag of Turkey here but after
reading this actually isn't the turkey
like this used to be the Egyptian flag
and look how many times they change it
so it was that then they change it to
three like moon shaped on the stars
changed it back changed it again then
they change the color and then
changed it again and again so that is
really cool I never knew that I'm
guessing is this the final one I'm not
even sure anymore well that's really
really awesome I guess you do learn
something every single day okay I'm just
exploring the place now loads a step oh
that is awesome that is oh my god that
is so awesome
I feel like I'm in a movie you know
unlike in the movies you find like the
special tomb that's how I feel like
right now I'm actually using my phone's
flashlight because it's super dark in
here but I'm amazed and moving on look
what they have over here they have like
this little two thing that I should
looks epic I swear if anything moves I'm
gonna cry oh my god guys that looks
really really freaky they had that in
the corner and I didn't know what it was
until I put my flashlight on it and it
looks like these dead mummy type of
things but obviously I think it's made
of plywood okay I just left that Museum
that was so cool like did you see some
of the stuff in there anyways it just
actually closed I think I was the last
person in there which made it like
scarier like the guy so I just saw one
person comes to me I was like okay and
he was like we're closing I was like
okay my grandma actually bought a load
of things while I was in the museum so
these are some shirts or dresses were
they this is their
 oh okay yo how much oh my how much
was it yes I'm guessing 50 for both wow
that's actually a good price that's a
bargain
grinding mowing that bargain stuff is
that it so that there you go guys my
grandma actually bought herself two
pieces for only 35 which is really
really cheap like I can't even get like
food for that price that's a wrap of our
global village tour for today guys we
got you're really late and they're
closing so unfortunately I only got see
Egypt but it was so cool in that museum
like I did not expect to find something
like that even last time I found this
like really cool Chinese gallery which
was like super dope and this time I
found this like exclusive tube like
nobody was in there which made it even
like scarier I was like okay am I
supposed to be here but no that was
amazing anyways we're heading back home
for today I think my grandma had a nice
time she bought herself some clothes as
you can see them walking and yeah it was
generally a really chill day for now
though we're gonna have to say goodbye
to this place and head up home I saw the
petrol station has become like a second
home to me pretty stop you know what I
feel really cheeky and AH this is really
hard to pull I'm gonna get myself a
galaxy ice cream you know why is this
thing so rigid there we go one galaxy
ice cream and a milk I'm gonna wrap up
today's look here everybody I hope you
have enjoyed I'm so stressed at the
moment because 21 a.m. and I'm going to
bed
and I've got two hours worth of clips I
need to edit tomorrow as well as somehow
record a vlog which is just going to be
so hectic but I'm sure it will happen
I'll do something hopefully and yes they
also know you hope you've enjoyed today
Yolo Yolo goodbye
