No my question for Lauda is do you have
a boyfriend this is obvious
so before today's video starts I have
two quick announcements to make number
one if you're somebody new around here
make sure to click the subscribe button
because I'm doing a massive giveaway I'm
literally giving away three free phones
at number two we decided to record
today's video in the garden and there is
literally a hurricane going on so sorry
there's a little bit of wind noise in
the background
I enjoy the rest of the video guys it's
time to do a lie detector test so
today's going to be a little bit
different because we have the whole
family here why are you launderers
my question for Lauda is do you have a
crush on anybody on Instagram
it's very easy quick you could just tell
the truth I'm good do you have a crush
on any guy on it how does this work I
swear like how why are you guys teaming
up to ask me questions
this is a cheat I can't is your
girlfriend on your Instagram list no
again who's nine up for life
400 percent Wow I won I think I was just
very nervous and my hands were trembling
so it's just that's why hi guys anyways
if you guys haven't already followed us
on Instagram
our instagrams are gonna be boom right
over here guys
go and find those Instagram crushes part
two is coming very soon like this video
and let's continue the rest of the vlog
hey let's go we went and took a shower
now here's the thing we're actually
heading to something very special
basically super car matches the car
group we have here in Dubai
they have taken a ton of supercars and
put them inside the bull right now
they're literally just put all the super
cars in there so I don't know what to
expect right now we're gonna go check it
out I don't know let's go
oh hi guys so we are here inside the
mall including a Bugatti so right now we
are with the founder of supercar matches
abbu Miya de and he is about to unlock
the Chiron for us are you ready guys
check this out them lights down so right
now he just turned on the bugatti chiron
oh my god this is absolutely insane oh
the lights the lights because the lights
are absolutely insane anyways as I said
there's literally a ton of cars in the
mall right now there's thousands of
people that look above you bro look
above you honestly this is insane guys
shout out to super car matches they're
always doing new things this is my
sister's first time checking out the
Chiron oh wow the roof is carbon fiber I
know I know that is a sure on what about
show love to the under cars bro the
funny thing is this section that we're
in right now is actually closed off if
you see behind my sister they're just
crowds and crowds of people staring at
you look behind you look behind you
please
I saw guys this floors and floors of
people just staring
hi guys so right now it is about to go
down they just gave us the Bugatti key
it's like four million dollars all right
okay unlock the car and let's go sit
inside Wow
oh yeah you have to do that again guys
check this out oh my god everyone's
looking at you if you mess up if you
mess up right now ever seen in my life
we are inside a bugatti chiron right now
you do realize we're the only two people
sitting inside the shirt huh this is my
sister's first time in a bugatti chiron
and I'm pretty sure you want the first
girls I've seen in one I don't think
I've seen this type of photo before an
Instagram take a million selfies right
now girl buys bugatti chiron cash
anyways guys look at the center console
on the Bugatti it looks so cool bro yeah
this is the whole car guys the whole
thing is carbon-fiber
alright guys for now it's time to get
out this you're on goodbye the cars are
turning on right now oh my god rev the
car rip the car so the bugatti has
switched on right now guys looks
gorgeous
alright guys all the cars are heading
out right now
this is madness we are inside a mall bro
oh my god there goes this you're on
yo bro this is crazy
so here's the craziest thing we actually
have a Ferrari from the UK see you guys
that's James he actually has a channel a
YouTube channel good mister jww just
like it's late numbers yeah hi guys oh
there you go that was the supercars in
the mall the mall is literally just
closed right now if you guys can see we
came here super late and we got to see a
whole car vent go down inside the
shopping center but now we're gonna head
off home we saw some insane cars I mean
it was a good day
