yoyoyo everyone welcome to another
travellish dick vlog so before I even
start off today's vlog there is some
huge thank yous I need to give you guys
number one we recently hit 600,000 squad
members which is ridiculous like I swear
I can't wait I'm going to show you some
stats online after I talk but we have
grown so fast in this past week due to
one video I can only give it to that one
video which is the rich kids of the
Middle East and that's why I wanted to
show you currently as of right now the
video has been out about a week not even
knowing six days and it's got 4 million
views 4 million view oh my god the love
and support on that video has been so
meant to I can't thank you guys enough
like just just look at this number 4
million and 4 million ah that is crazy
just so you guys know how much of a big
deal this is to me my lost most popular
video was this one with two Bugattis and
this one took it over within 6 days this
is my most popular video this thing
right here oh okay I really need to calm
down myself guys I think today's vlog
has started off with too much excitement
anyways I just wanted to let you guys
know I thankful I am with you guys
pressure I sweater weather is so nice
today look at ki she's inside stretching
and sleeping come on I'll see you later
alright my neighbors gave me a funny
look let's go let's go guys let's go I'm
in a cubby Wow hey you guys ever feel
like when you're karaoking everybody
around you is looking at you like you're
a weirdo I feel like that right now but
I can't spot anybody looking at me which
is a good thing don't get me wrong but I
just I have a feeling that they're just
staring at me
are you so like people look at me while
they're passing me I just made it over
to the hospital but I haven't turned off
my car because I'm not at the right
place I just stopped here because isn't
it ironic like one day or two days after
we go to the classic car show I just run
into this like really cool classic car
here at the hospital I look at this
thing what what is this car even like it
looks so cool and I had to like legit I
was on that main streak and I couldn t
take a u-turn to come see this I can't
even lie this looks really cool
it might look just as cool as everything
we saw at that event
okay I'm going before something just
jumps in my car and leaves I don't want
nobody to steal my car I K it's not a
good idea to leave your door open guys
with the keys inside the car I just got
here and I'm playing some vive I look at
your boy mo please just check out that
goal fire
oh that allows the best whoever does the
best go ever
okay just finished up at the hospital
guys just checked in on my friend he was
doing good played FIFA I want play cod
he wants a you know 50/50 right now I'm
actually heading over to Sage house the
guy you saw yesterday the one we made a
rap song with but I don't think I'm
rapping anymore today like I don't think
you guys liked it alright you know I
think rapping is not my thing for now
maybe once I develop a little bit of
skill I'll continue but you know for now
we'll keep on the low-low maybe I can I
can become a singer maybe not a rapper
maybe singing is my way for it oh god no
God please no no no no we made it to s
G's house I didn't even tell him I was
coming back yeah I did tell him I was
coming but
see
come on is anybody gonna answer me guess
who's back back back back again Jen Jen
sides back and start admire that ye does
your maid like know me like she just
open a door me I got get it like got
anything no she knows me oh yeah yeah
Sheila's videos what are you doing
making beats yeah I'm trying to work on
something new but a hot fire coming yeah
I'm thinking lo something idiom today
don't tell them too much you know these
guys will steal your ideas hello there
what a savage there's Sally song
that they're gonna be like looking at
your beats on your computer trying to
replicate the lines anyway that's good
man smells like home I want to show you
guys how dedicated saying is to making
beats okay he actually does not leave
his room for maybe a couple of days so
he's brought up this many war balls like
he has like a full like weeks of live
war in the corner of his room just so
you can make fire beats isn't that true
I haven't found one of these lighters in
a long time basically no lies that you
adjust and the flame goes really high
Sayed has one so let's see if this works
yeah I can I show them like the small
one and then we'll compare it to the big
one like this is how light is supposed
to be guys okay and then turn it up and
then woo it rises so much I don't know
why guys I find it so fun playing liars
which is not a good thing
yeah it goes down after a while
whoa Said's on some daredevil type stuff
he thinks he can get the Bulls right
back you okay alright don't hurt
yourself though like make sure you past
your head when you release it
oh I see I don't even trust you like oh
okay I think that's it okay I know what
is on the board that's that's enough
we'll leave it there everybody's safe
okay let me get behind the camera again
suppose I was
full of
mom say it's taking me into his dungeon
guys what is this place
what it is your eyes your eyes bother
you guys haven't seen this they have
another seeing area over here only for
the bosses only for the bosses let you
get back chuckling yo you know that's
actually really expensive chocolate man
shoot my heat punches
really I love it I don't know why
anyways that's the singer guys did we
show them this yesterday no I don't
think we actually came over here I'll
use you Livesey late we'll see it
someday but yeah there you go your head
lice aids you on the chocolate I
personally like it very much
oh god one of them will be stopped
working Barbara blow you guys are both
of them work the key to not having
accidents is device it's colorful rims
alright boys we are back at the red
light we Sayed and say do you know what
I am you know what my my position in the
streets is I'm the red light destroyer
that means anybody around me well
there's nobody now that's the biker okay
that means I have to beat him Roger
takes me living on my god
tailors maybe sometimes I think that you
chain the car you know what's up
that's here that means for today we're
gonna go eat right now we're
contemplating KFC I think that's the
only option we have at them no because
any gifts he doesn't want me to eat KFC
because he says it's really bad for me
and I have it like every single day so
he wants to go to Uncle Chang's
cool chain beer Chang's on couch as you
know same thing so we're trying to see
we'll see what we have once we get there
and see how busy is for those of you
wondering they actually still have this
play fair going on in the middle of jbr
I'm not sure how long this thing's going
to last but we have to go through here
to get okay we decided we're not going
to be have change or KFC we're going to
the Cheesecake Factory which I don't
know how that came about
they said it's really good I stayed said
guys you said it off blog you said these
games may look easy but they are
impossible to win without you losing a
ton of money it's actually like so hard
anyways cheesecake actress looking very
busy so I'm not sure there was somehow
two seats available for us
straight away on a date me and say it
was funny guys save you why don't you
have a girlfriend yeah you try to write
to you guys
yeah I'm commenting motion on the go
he was like Mo Bros me to go for a sound
I was like shake calm down 2017 I
probably 2017 although like legit
arching excuse me you should've
me a Hawaiian right now I just ordered
my food guys but say meat has been stuck
here for like five minutes
shoutout to rap y'all part of your squad
and over here but save man what's up
what you want you you're confused
the pressure of the vlog is making you
chew have you got some of those babies
in before tell viewers what you said
earlier extra wings what I said I wanted
the oscillator if you can explain to me
for free because you know the answer mr
Boyle I'm starting here we'll put the
link on the description go Appa go far
Molly please hungry struggling and all
the streets is just hard out here got
I'm saying like blocking is art it's
only going to be a smaller million
dollar it was gonna happen
 me sage pasta got here
extra cheese on top Wow hey love cease
love cheese right by the way guys
the milkshake years you guys okay
compared to my face this is like a lot
of chocolate right here and freeze Nick
Mike
take my pictures well an hi
shut up the New Year's - I don't even
though he's alive if it saves I love
here anyways I guess that just happens
like slow motion
so that is us done with our food we
actually had an awesome waiter who was
like part of the euro Scott's a shout
out to him farther yoyos garden but yeah
we're just chillax Rita walks on this
boot off
good thing our car is part kind of far
away so yeah we have a nice little walk
ahead of ourselves anyway check out the
artwork they have over here because I've
never seen this one guys it looks like a
leaking aquarium you've got there the
warlike dripping down the stairs and
stuff like that that's really cool right
I think that's like part of the 3d stuff
they had going on but another 3d R or a
career now let me hold the door open for
him
this truck is trying to park in this
parking lot I don't know how he's gonna
fit in an oval barking so I say joiner
Delta now I'm legit scared around that
huge Scott Baio me to record imagine
anyways boys we are at Sage script he's
leaving high five man you have a new
handshake trying to do it what is it
it's like we had something going on oh
yeah then it comes back no no no the lip
click and
I already knew tragic anyways guys
that's been saved for today I hope you
have enjoyed him he is back at his crib
by the way my car smells like burnt
rubber right now from all the like
putting down Jax if you've done Nate
says they say bro awesome having a yeah
I'm sure she loved for Sade man peace
out boy my cat is legit unboxing and
empty Apple box
what are you doing key don't do that oh
alright now that we'll have two things
to taught you guys about and the first
thing is something that I'm ashamed I
haven't done yet it is basically use
this camera now I showed you this like a
week ago let me just show you what is
again a lot of you do not properly it's
called a 360 camera basically what this
device does it records in 360 degree
angle so basically when you're like your
phone you can scroll around and imagine
what you're seeing right now but you can
also see like the whole behind me and
everything I know a lot if you know how
it works because other youtubers have
used it and I still haven't got you like
round 2 using mine so I want to ask you
guys is what video do you want to see
with this like the first video I make
with it John it just to be like a normal
vlog do you want it to be like a ride in
the Lamborghini so you can kind of see
like the point of view and everything
like that this was given to me by a
friend like a week and a half ago and it
was a human kind of him and I still
haven't even used it which I really do
need to use ok I wanna wrap up today's
Loki I hope you have enjoyed stay
awesome everybody and yet just be happy
yelling you're already good boy
