yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so how are you all doing today I'm
repping the Canada shirt that one of you
sent me like two days ago
let's pray who I actually like this
shirt now but right now I'm heading over
to see my friend who's in hospital and I
slept all morning long I've been playing
with this toy and it's so addictive you
guys have seen in my other videos you
just chuck it on the floor and it comes
straight back to your hat it's just I
love this toy anyways let's head over
there I'm actually also dropping my
mouth to the supermarket before I leave
because she said she wants to do a bit
of shopping and walking but she only
wants to walk the way back that's her
over there mommy more in the building go
catch anyways let's go guys and have a
great day
alright mommy's going to buy some stuff
peace and yeah I'm just waiting for it
I'll take her back home as well morning
Mustangs mommy mo she did her shopping
and ready to go oh she got my friend
some crisps alright yep that's perfect
I'm probably gonna have that but you
know that's nice yeah bye-bye mommy
we'll see you later
you'll have your rolling yep everything
is good please quick question what is a
stretch limo doing in our area no idea
my man no idea I just finished up at the
hospital right now and I'm actually
heading over to one of my friends houses
you've met him before on the blog his
name Sayed we're just gonna go chill
there he actually know showered you
mentioned this she makes music like he's
like a beat maker or stuff like that I
think I already said all of this but
yeah as I just met up with my boys say
he'd and the first place we're coming is
she said this pizza place is nice I've
never tried it
Pablo's pizza so we're going in here to
get a little bite and then we're going
to head off to his firm shot some music
okay let's do this this place is like
soft way but for pizzas guys like they
actually make everything in front of you
My look at that that's a piece of game
made all of their toppings along here
pretty cool place a pretty cool place
I've never been here now oh boy that's
my pizza thank you I'll take the
chocolate pizza I got it we just made it
to Said's crib whoa you know how long I
haven't been here for this whole place
has changed right yeah this is Wow like
guys not sure if you guys know this or
no it's wait why is it so dark in here
okay you know I think it's just because
it's really dark anyways
I used to be here like so much because I
was born in Dubai you guys know I was
pretty much born the same time stays I
remember like brought together and we
used to be here all the time yeah okay
I'm checking out your garage by the way
let's see what they have all line up
line up line up cars on fleek we got
another one under there yep anyway so
we're gonna go inside yup guys but your
garden is evolved man they're never used
to be this many plants no I remember we
used to like roll down this little hill
there remember now it's like a fortress
you can't even walk there shout out to
my mother shot she's blonde this place
actually looks really cool really come
out we'll do something in the garden but
for now you know we're going inside
welcome to my crib Sade edition
like I said I remember this place like
it's yesterday oh you know I remember so
bad okay guys let me tell you a story
they had a TV know the ones with like
the nets the net TVs and his brother had
thrown a knife in the team lake Kozma
screamed like a plasma screen here and I
was like a rip in the middle and his
younger brother had thrown like a knife
in the TV and he cut through all that
was legendary man ah I got around I was
so funny we heard it anyway this place
is pretty big well first eat and then we
can show them around sounds good
I'm starving we finished the we had a
feast and now it is time for the holy
dessert yeah this is called a chocolate
pizza a chocolate pizza guys never had
it before first time is it not sad all
the way on it probably I mean what else
I wanna party everybody we're going over
to Sage room itself the monster cream he
is leading the way in front of me as you
can see say yeah let's go see what a
studio is all about let's see all you
changed your room okay I okay by the way
his room used to be like one of the
other rooms so now he's changed it to
this one okay now you have a master
bedroom DJ oh you got everything over
here yo yeah you got a whole studio up
in this place so I you know that means
guys we're expecting some fire Beach
right now we're expecting some fire I'll
play something what are these all of
these things do they like you got that
that's a hard drive basically I store
like samples in them okay are you home
so you know your stuff like I didn't
expect you to have everything I thought
was more like a you know hobby type
thing but no you're going to allow my so
so where can we find a stuff DJ side and
then DJ Carnage's DJ Khaled as g20
rinder NIC SG 28 you heard it here first
Radio One BBC Syed on the track
just for honorary sake Said's got Obama
on his table to lead the direction in
the right way Obama on the track
ah we got a professional might up in it
okay hit me with a beat oh oh oh look
you actually got everything like to call
the pop filter and then this is this is
kind of like to remove then extrapolate
or yeah like it's a form to remove the
extra noise okay so since I am here and
say it is like a professional DJ person
he's cooking I okay it's my BJ but you
know he knows stuff with his beats he's
gonna make me a beat right now
and I'm gonna try and spit freestyle for
you guys lorilee a freestyle brilliant
right now cookie on my phone but let's
let's hit this occasions gonna finish
off with the be right now I will start
some bars okay this is MV on the track
boys every but do you big I mean here we
are having a quick break from making
Beach lover I cannot offer different
uh-oh yo bro I'm scared I'm gonna hit
your wall right here goes nothing eyes
Oh
close your turn go Fred if you can hit
the middle you get ya free shower how
about that you guys shout out on the
vlog okay you got a road show I has not
played this game anyone you're
aggressive what to say how is it like 20
year old millionaire in the crib yo you
got them snacks though what you want
homie here
yeah I say it's so fun making beats and
rapping to it by the way don't judge me
when I rap because I'm not a rapper I
don't I'm not like known to be a rapper
I suck I know and this is all for you
guys it's just like a small little joke
okay by the way Sade can you tell them
what happens to the rest of the fish
because this is their fish tank guys and
it used to have like over 30 fish I
think
and now that
there's two fish left this guy and this
young what I heard they emigrated cheese
MIMO escape
I brought sate outside to show you his
pets he has a couple of pets in the
corner over there
he has rabbits I used to have rabbits in
London and he didn't even tell me that
he has rabbits so I just bought them oh
oh look at them can I touch them or will
they bite me
no the whole bunch get them out okay
here goes nothing would you see that I'm
running away there good and what is it
doing what are you digging oh yeah I
think for the knees by the Red King and
yang guys there you go oh my god they're
so cool rabbits anyway since we are in
Sage backyard I still have to show you
the whole place we did show you the cars
but they also have a swimming pool which
is pretty cool back in the day when I
was here this wasn't filled up but now
it's fully functional look at it does
anybody even use this bra like knowing
does anybody so you do to give you a
full tour of this place we are going to
the last place we haven't gone to which
is the roof okay after you say I like
the shoes all of those I'm joking what
do you not want it back yeah I had to
show you the view from up here check
that out guys way until it focuses and
get the whole of the Burj Khalifa view
at sunset wow that is such a good shot
right that's amazing
you can see it you and better in person
guys obviously on camera you're just
going to have a little tough time but
down there is the area by the way so if
you want to stalk seed you can just come
somewhere here and that's that's the
spot somewhere in the sand there well
yeah Wow this is such a spectacular view
anyways for now we're gonna say goodbye
to that view guys we're heading back
down the stairs just just lucky look at
this guy's before I walk down I after
you after you say oh my god not even
gonna lie I'm kind of scared right now
okay I want to play your sample of where
Sade is on the track right now this is
the beach so far ah hey kill it mul MV
on the track produced by SG himself boom
Connie will light up the fire me getting
pumped okay boys it's time to spit some
bars got my producer behind me I could
barely hear you guys so that's why I
might be shouting I check your check it
we in the studio today you know what the
deal is going to be saige gonna record
me splitting my bars written them all
down on my phone right now so it's like
a half freestyle game we'll say that
half free stuff yeah this is harder than
I thought man how do how does Drake do
this well I look like in with the
eyebrows and stuff but I got its feel
like it let me let me fix actually gonna
make my voice lower and make them be
higher so thank you
this back I just finished playing my
bars as you saw I know you guys ready to
listen to the final you know that was my
freebie for my free star I think you
know these are my first I know this
complete trash on a professional level
but I'm taking what I can I'm taking why
I can that was good beating man good
beats we did it first rattle plugs
anyways guys that is a wrap over here we
are leaving sage Kripa is officially a
day yeah so we will be back we will
definitely be back it's been a long time
today's been like the first time in my I
think sick how many years ago as I hear
six years or something
goodbye all of the cars goodbye Sayed
I'm gone into the jungle you know I
don't know why your free stuff you know
my producer kicked me out it
I love pour liquor I'm parked as well oh
my god I Collier make it to my door with
that without having a tree in that I
need to come round I just got back home
and I actually played my little track
from my mom and sister and they told me
it's trash you see that song was for
like people like my sister because they
don't believe my rapping skills to their
ears that was a song to the haters and
you fell for the trap okay see I sang it
badly to see who my hair is are and you
are one of them so hey I'm not sure if
you guys remember but do you remember my
friend Linden we blogged a couple months
back he's back in Dubai now he's just
coming over to say hi I think he's right
outside now so I'm just gonna go say
what's up and then we might see him on
the walk because right now I'm actually
outside because as soon as I got home my
mom and sister let me know that bubbles
apparently went missing from three
o'clock and he hasn't gone back so me
and Linden by the way Linden got here
she can see him we are on a hunt to find
bubbles because yeah he's been missing
for six hours so hopefully we find them
now yeah this isn't bubbles by the way
like this cat just came up to me when I
was pushing for bubbles so yeah we're
just gonna take like a quick lap around
the area hopefully if we can't find them
today he'll be back tomorrow morning
okay
we searched about an hour and a half and
there's no bubbles in sight can't do
much more we'll wait until tomorrow
hopefully we'll come back if not we'll
get like a load of leaflets print it out
put around the area but for now we're
actually gonna head out and yeah just
cool it quits with today okay we've come
over to this restaurant place that
Lyndon suggested there he is
it's called gnar gnar very nice they my
rocking tea it's so good like a
okay okay more of a cart person here you
know well Steve you still duty okay it's
Kate kind of busy and everyone's like a
Marisol inside look at the tea guys
Moroccan specialist thank you so much
Wesley Linda Nana's colossi tea has a
taste spot-on we are officially done
over here let's leave it's a push door
sorry Linda and I just took your spot I
took your spot so Linden is actually
heading off home now guys and he wanted
to say goodbye to everybody
Stan going god Tata and yeah we'll see
you soon man see you later peace out
squad by the way I never got to show you
some the souvenirs Linden brought for me
you brought me this little what you call
this thing again meerkat meerkat that's
what you call and secondly you also got
this really cool portrait which is
apparently drawn by elephant poop yes
you heard me right man this was drilled
by elephant poop I have no idea how and
it doesn't stink like don't get me wrong
cause smell the poop or anything and you
also got something else which is like an
ostrich egg okay here in serious this
thing at the top over here apparently
this thing is like a candle holder made
out of an ostrich egg so this is like
the candle thing we put that candle in
there by the way but apparently this was
an ostrich egg so pretty cool stuff over
here
nice I'll put this back without breaking
anything I'm gonna wrap up to this look
here guys I hope you have enjoyed my mom
is actually sleeping downstairs I might
as well just in case bubble comes and
meows behind the door or something but
yeah hopefully tomorrow morning is back
I'm gonna have like a mini heart attack
I swear but yeah anyways I'll see you
guys tomorrow as I said like at the
moment it's not that bad it's like a
couple of hours or like six seven hours
Asian missing but if he's not found till
tomorrow I will be very worried so cross
my fingers she should be back we tried
our best looking around he wasn't there
anyway stay awesome everybody I love you
all yeah leo no goodbyes no extras guys
I know it's super late you can probably
my eyes are baggy and I was kind of
sleeping but yes it's like bubbles
actually came back right now he just he
just came behind that I need to started
meowing oh I don't even care that you
were gone for the holiday I'm just glad
that you're back buddy
and he wants to go out again really bro
it's like half past one and you just got
back oh all right peace out guys I'll
see you tomorrow bye
