yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
my hair is absolutely scruffy right now
I just saw cut and kitty has jumped over
our wall and can't get back so we are
three man firefighter rescue over here
putting a stair for a cat to climb
genius guys genius I'm sure she's gonna
climb that starey well okay guys y'all
bring it back up what genius thought
putting a ladder yeah but you shouldn't
we should have opened it I think we
should have gone from the other side
because there's too many trees here mom
it's like come on mom I'd bring it slam
it yeah but come on push it the other
way well you bring that chair to the
other side quickly guys look at her
she's right over there wait wait kitty
away I've got you she's so panicked
alright yeah on the stairs under stairs
oh she ran to mommy ah
hey I can't the stairs and then jump up
here oh and there you go guys that is
how to start off your day by rescuing
your cat she goes there all the time
never knows how to get back and has no
common sense like this cat is dumb just
it's just dumb things people do to save
their cats
it's like pork or mama don't break your
leg or something the important part is
really awful okay you can't buy yourself
some meat because we're gonna do a
little barbecue again today so let's go
grab some stuff I'm actually heading out
to a classic car event so whoever likes
classic cars we're going to be seeing
some of those today might be doing some
cool stuff with my friends as well but
for now you know food comes first then
the event let's go grab some stuff this
right here is what you call kebab stuff
my look at look at the amount of me it's
just pure meat charcoal and oil that is
what you call a good feast for today
let's go I think I enjoy barbecues way
too much anyways we're starting this
barbecue up putting some oil or whatever
people is lighter fluid lighter fluid
you know what I don't even know what
does it stuff do it anymore
yeah fire lighter fluid or liquid and
I'm not the best at lighting and let's
put this away from the fire just in case
but look we've got like a tiny tiny
lighter here so it's gonna burn my hand
try go mommy
Jonna do I joined
all right there you go there you go
slowly starting off by itself just add a
lot of liquid to it is that too much wow
that was on fire too anyways they're
gonna wait until this property catches
fire I mean it kinda is already properly
caught fire then we're going to put the
kabob on there you know heat it up it
catches fire really quickly they're like
y'all that's a big flame already I think
I've got too much fluid there look at
all of that smoke under it why they
smoke under it after about 25 minutes
you can see all the charcoal is fully
hot like this is fuming right now so
let's go ahead and put all of the you
know marinated kebabs on this bad boy so
let's just grab this stuff out and yeah
listen to that sizzle guys listen to
that sizzle I love myself a good little
barbecue bubbles we're trying to make a
kebab and you're going up the tree now
that I see my mom Fanning the Kabaddi
reminds me of a comment I always get on
youtube I used to be a fan now I'm an
air conditioner no please no no no no no
that government just stopped
anyways once I look about as you can see
started to get you know cooked up as DJ
calluses appreciate this motor thing to
life major killer money more dick today
we appreciate your squad is out here
good anyways I'm going to tuck in and
then head over to my bed today to check
out some classic cars I'm going to be
honest normally I'm not a classic car
type of guy I'm just going to go over
and see what's up maybe a couple of you
enjoy it I don't know it's my first time
I've got a full stomach now I take a
shower I freshened up so it's time to
head out to meet one of my friends and
go to this event
mummy mode here uploading my video you
know how she does I see you soon mummy
and yes have fun so I just melt with my
friend back at their showroom right now
and I'm gonna head off with him to the
classic car show thing by the way I want
to show you this plate number because my
sister absolutely loves this number 786
so she's going to be super jealous when
she sees this on this Bentley because
it's going to be extremely hard to find
parking at the event I came to the mall
impart my car and we're gonna go my
friend's driver there so you can drop us
off here and then bring us back after
we're done so that's the plan for now
alright so I'm in the seventh series
again guys but I wanted to show you some
stuff about the interior which I didn't
know so I leave with this back up so I
can show you so this middle compartment
named bring it down it's actually got
all the controls of the car so if you
see when you bring this bad boy down
you've got all of the buttons and you
can actually control the media system
from back here then here you press that
got your cup holders which is pretty
dope and finally this middle section
it's like a compartment where you can
just store everything in there pretty
cool stuff we finally arrived over here
with the classic cars guys I'm going to
cross the road and show you them because
it starts right here so here it is guys
you got a load of camera crew and stuff
I I'm not even going to name any of
these guys today because I really have
no idea guys but I think this is at the
Mustang okay yep Ford Mustang baby Ford
Mustang got proper camera crew and stuff
here you got all of the American muscles
over here look at this
ah and I touched a car but yeah I don't
even know like where the actual event is
because I just see a lot of cars on the
side of the road
all of these are classics obviously and
yeah try um what are these cars mad I
don't even know I feel so bad
oh no this this is what you call you
know the Mafia Mabuse like the ones in
the movies so you're talking to me
you're talking to me the classic sports
car guys okay let it has four exhausts
on this back and it's got a plate number
on it so I'm guessing this is actually
like a car they drive around in the
street I had to show you guys look at
that famous Little Tramp thing we have
over here
that looks like a something that be in
London I don't know it just has this
London vibe to it
just here in downtown taking everybody
across this looks like a classic car
that's really good if there was a
classic car that looked like mine guys
today it is definitely this I think this
is a classic Mustang it is I think it's
the Shelby because look it's got that
little Shelby sign on the side but
listen it's exactly like a classic
version on my car right it's got the
grey and black just looks awesome all
right now this is this is the mold logs
'mobile like 50 years ago definitely I
think this is an old-time racing car
correct me if I'm wrong but in the
movies they all look like this we're
just relaxing around here looking at the
cars like a another racing car over here
I think this I think they are because
they've got the stripes and the numbers
on them and stuff
that but this car event actually goes
all the way around the area like we're
walking down and you can see that's like
hundreds of cars on either side if we
cross the road over there you can also
see all of them tents their cars so we
have a lot of looking around to do I'll
show you the special stuff as I can but
yeah not not too bad actually for now
we've hit the funky car section with
these really funky four-wheel-drive
Safari type vehicles I'm taking a small
little break from the classic cars I see
this really nice hotel over here and I
thought I'd do a little hotel tour for
you guys look at this place it's got a
really nice entrance and it's straight
opposite the Burj Khalifa so you know
what let's walk over here the classic
car show is over there somewhere so
don't worry not going too far but this
place looks like a castle look at this
entrance man this looks really good I've
actually never been to this hotel guys
and the entrance just looks like a
palace out here I am super impressed
guys like I'm walking right next to the
war like there's two sides of war next
to me and I'm walking down there like
look at this place yeah don't mind if I
do
I swear guys I come to downtown a lot
and I've actually never seen this hotel
which is really surprising like it's not
even like hidden or anything I just
never knew about it but it looks really
cool the walkway especially anyways I
don't even see if there's any cool cars
in the valley of the hotel because I
think that is the main entrance pass
them doors and I see a classic car right
there but really impressive stuff over
I'm actually really happy that I came
here now because we did a little bit of
exploring I just realized you know how
I've been cooling it a palace all along
guys this hotel is actually called the
palace downtown look at that
not bad at all not bad at all Wow
anyways guys I'm gonna head out of this
hotel it was really really cool just
exploring it and not gonna lie it's one
of the nicest hotels ever okay quickly
need to catch this car because it's just
entering this hotel
I sure I've got the best luck ever look
at this
that is a really cool car thank you wow
that is insane
I'm so lucky how did I just run into
that car
not a bad sight guys not on that side I
think he's actually leaving the palace
right now wha wait wait wait wait guys I
leave this hotel and look what car I see
oh my god Wow is this a P wonder that is
a P what we just ran into a McLaren you
are now
I swear guys just as I was talking about
lucky I can't even believe I just
randomly ran into a McLaren p1 hypercar
this ling looks absolutely gorgeous it's
white and it's got these orange stripes
along it fantastic car wow I can't
believe it anyways we're gonna head out
now look at a couple more classic car
guys but I think this is the car of the
day that I've seen today we have run
into a hot rod this is I think the
second one I've ever seen the other time
was getting revved when we saw it but
look at the engines on these things
they're just killer like I swear I think
hot rods I should buy one of the coolest
cars ever but moving on we have like a
lot of these now British classic cars
look at them they just look so fancy
I've seen a lot of these in London
oh is that Rufus I came maybe that's
I've seen a lot of it in London looks
really awesome I know I said no more
cars today guys this is technically a
bike and I had to show you it's on the
bikes where you can have a passenger and
look at the cool features on this day
it's got a skull there it's got the UAE
flag there also some stuff over here
ok now it's officially trying to go as
soon as relieving we run into the p1
again getting towed away
bye-bye classic car goodbye racing car
okay we definitely have to say goodbye
to minimo
goodbye security guy good y'all good
yo hey what's up look at
that good the Star Wars guy in the nori
the same guy is back guys he just took
off the helmet now we've come to this
like trampoline park place over here
because my friend comes here apparently
very often sauce is going to check it
out but this thing is huge compared to
the last place I went to like this is a
proper trampoline park my hate last time
when I went somewhere else I kind of
small but this is like major key let's
look at all of this stuff basically some
a gymnastic guy here is gonna do like a
really cool trick for us dry let's see
this guy's let's see this
give us all you've got oh no I shot a
video Scott as well alright I don't mind
I don't choose our off guys I got these
socks on and it's time to go bounce
yes what is value
no it's up guys what's up that's a
lawyer you scored here today there
everybody is out here night
let's do some bouncing look at this
this guy wants to do a trip let's see
what's up he wants to do a trick for me
whoa alright guys so basically one of my
friends just actually broke his ankle
right now very badly so we're gonna
quickly head over to the hospital
there's gonna be like we're gonna get
off you're going to da school now and
yeah we're just going to follow the
ambulance and it's just got here sorry
if I sound stressed or the bad snaps oh
yeah the ambulance is here guys my
friend should be coming out soon like
icer my hand is kind of shaking right
now I don't invoke too much until we get
then sees okay so after this we're just
going to follow the ambulance to the
hospital like okay guys we're just
waiting and I'm gonna follow that
ambulance straight to the place right
now we're trying to find where my friend
is in the hospital because I think we
came through the wrong entrance we need
to go to the emergency want so we're
just walking through the hallway it's
really empty over here and it's like an
echo a hallway so let's go to see what
it is over there we just finished up at
the hospital my friends actually still
in there I think he's going to stay
there and they have anyone like you know
the anti pain stuff so I'm just gonna
leave to go home now it's very
unfortunately as I said so I'll catch up
with you guys once I get home
and yeah I hope he does well he gets
better as you can see guys I am home and
let me basically explain what happened
because like the past couple of clips of
the messy and all over the place I just
got off the phone with my friend and he
said he's doing good now and everything
is just much better here's at the time I
didn't tell you he was unlike some anti
pain medicine and as you know the ones
that make you go higher a little so yeah
hopefully he is going to be doing much
better you said within the next couple
of days but basically what happened you
guys saw we're at the trampoline park
now we're playing around obviously off
the vlog were just jumping around and I
didn't see it exactly but the guys that
told me basically when he jumped and
landed you know what you just like twist
your ankle but the bone popped out like
imagine I just
and like this and then BAM the ball
popped out and I saw that part like I
didn't see the bull by sword actual bone
and ah but thankfully is doing much
better so you should be able to walk
within a couple of days sorry if I
couldn't speak at the time but you could
probably tell I was in like a huge shop
like ah ma meemaw is finally ready and
it's time to go she said we should go
like buying me a new shirt my mom
actually doesn't like my shirts by the
way she just doesn't like the type of
shirts I wear so she was like let's go
get a nice shirt and mole because I
think we've got a couple of events
planned out she doesn't want me coming
with these type of shirt itself that's
gonna do a bit of shopping to wrap up
today see if we can find anything all
right let's go you see the problem is
guys when I come shopping the type of
shirts I like are these ones you know
just like the funky spider-man ones or
the Batman ones these are the ones that
I like okay you know just the kids
section ones and the ones that my mum
likes they're like all of these ones
like a form where you know the proper
shirts the ones that you wear with suits
and stuff it's just not me it's just not
me I mean dude you like my new shirt my
mom absolutely hates is dirty but like
she's been telling me to take yeah mum
they're so boring
they are just legit so straightforward
like you know what let me try this on
this on the color ain't too bad yeah my
size not even gonna lie guys I think I
jump to conclusions this sure actually
looks pretty nice look at it I'm wearing
it right now and I think my mom actually
chose nicely it looks nice right
ah you know what I might actually get
this and the things it will look even
better cause right now I'm wearing it
over a sure if you can see like my own
shirt so not bad not bad at all came on
me I think you did have a good pick
after all right calm down mommy cut calm
down I gave you one good pick there's no
pink shirts in the house now apparently
if I buy two items which are on sale I
get 20% off but they're already on sale
I don't know how this is working out but
you know what I'm just gonna pick
another shirt why not they told me
I get it's already on sale and you get
an extra 20% cuz that was that except I
don't even understand what's going on I
picked myself this red shirt what you
guys think you know what I think that's
a success let me just take these two
shirts and go I actually haven't had
like a beige red for a while so this is
nice so I'm actually going to go and try
out this virtual reality right now so
I'm also going to record it should be
cool let's see how it is putting on our
seatbelt safety first don't forget even
on
she held up
thank you I'm not sure how bad I looked
on that machine if I was screaming like
a girl but guys I swear it felt like I
was dropping down the false Rollergirls
I try to hold on at some points and how
do I look from outside I've already
looked like a complete retard
we're gonna head up home now guys me and
my mom are gonna go see this how late we
stayed the doors are closing anyways
let's go do you see that the door of the
shots is actually closed that's not a is
right now
oh my car is that way why am i walking
this way I don't know
as always I'm home right now guys I'm
just gonna wrap up today's look here we
did so many cool stuff man you know as
always stay awesome all of you I love
you all i sir I met so many of you today
I think it was definitely a record like
at the bouncy place now you went to the
trampolines I met like I think at least
10 of you and in the mall I met like
another 10 which was just insane so
thank you for supporting the channel
love me in your faces and by the way I'm
gonna start promoting my snapchat more
so follow that name Mohamed dude I've
been starting to snap so much and I
think it's cuz of you guys I meet so
many if you had to start snapping with
you guys so yeah check that out for sure
anyways stay also everybody love you all
younger Yolo goodbye
