hi
the yo-yo everyone welcome to another
vlog so right now I'm actually heading
somewhere I've never been before and
it's kind of strange I've not been there
since I do YouTube I'm heading over to
Google Dubai so it should be fun I've
never been there before I've actually
never been to any Google office place
ever so let's go over there I'm actually
are meeting there to talk about some
stuff in relation with YouTube and stuff
like that should be cool let's get there
and see what's up normally at GU offices
like there's a load of cool thing so I
hope I can see some today I'm making my
way to the Google office right now and
I'll see you when I see you all right
guys
cool so I'm just inside the Google
offices right now as you can see guys we
came here to grab some snacks but look
what they have over here they've got a
bunch of arcade games you could play
like this whole room is filled with
games that you're around there you go a
ping pong table you got a football place
these offices are pretty productive I
love the fact that there's loads of
games you can just play all routes out
my little meeting and I'll see you guys
after pshh Justice League a ton you're
nuts can it does actually start yeah
alright I'll leave that to turn on how
do you guys choose these by the way just
what people want yeah I think oh yeah
hey that's awesome by the way guys this
is jad I had my meeting with him and
yeah everything is done now so I'll see
you on the way I should we can go now
I'm going to show you like the Google
sign and everything so let's go after
you thanks let's go guys the Google apps
actually pretty cool by the way it's my
first time here oh it's another section
now which is calm by the way look at
this section guys have you even got
their own little Google pillows and
stuff which is awesome anyways let's
make our way out the offices into this
section this is like the entry place by
the way it's my first time here so that
is pretty cool
Google Dubai is the only place they have
for Google
Wow and it's a pretty big office like
you go oh the newspapers here the Google
door which I came through and what's
over there right
just more like cool stuff let's go
through and see this as well guys
explore Google Dubai today can we talk
here or is it like everybody's okay
alright anyways guys yeah I drew quickly
show you the decoration over here and
we'll head out and it's awesome day and
I'll see you guys in the car pretty soon
they've actually got a really nice way
and an amazing view like look what you
can see from up here
it's like a whole lake and everything
anyways lift this year let's go down or
out the car is still there guys like I
legit just VIP parked it myself right
here and yeah it seems to be perfect
anyways thank you so much dad it was
good seeing you bye yeah peace out in
the sky everyone sky looks so beautiful
from here look at all these clouds
they're gorgeous
the inside is completely covered by it's
amazing
yeah what's up nice car
yes it'll rock this tiles Cooper I've
never seen this ton of it it's got like
lightnings in the middle of it so
futuristic it's the huh
after my Google meeting we came all the
way to the Divine Will basically wait
why did we come here for you wanted
something you wanted car key that's what
she wanted
to be honest there was a huge cut in the
blog basically our supposed to do
something and it just completely got
ruined so yeah that's why we're here now
basically this is due to a mess up like
a huge mess up the legit just got camel
hats over here odd that is such a
touristy thing you know by Jimmy give me
the brown one actually let's see how it
looks on me crack and mate so you know
what it is we just have here in the bar
but the camel that's on y'all salt is
good in the hood right looking at a
flake
nice yeah nice you want ominous hi
Calvin girls like each other oh I don't
think I've ever showed you this section
of the mall in daytime it looks much
better cause at night you can barely see
it but look at these guys
you got some professional divers down
there's a war but look at that
bring your awesome stuff over here by
the way just a point of perspective guys
the other day we were right there like
around the hundredth floor which is
right at the top of that looking at it
from outside okay lately I'm gonna show
you guys that's my sister that's the
board and we were somewhere up there
which is just madness this is actually a
great picture Wow
you're just as tall as the Burj Khalifa
I always come for scenario nice where I
just want to one day be able to grab one
of them umbrellas just bring one down
for me please anybody yeah their own
like these really fancy umbrellas wait
what Please Please I think you only
makes noises in the morning
that's right player be okay hit me with
that boom but cheap boom boom boom but
you could hi let's go
you know before we go we have to get our
little character let them know - one for
me one for you dork Eric you see I not
said I not say don't got a chocolate is
like guys chocolate is everything
imagine it's no but don't worry I'm not
a GD your character is ready thank you
guys I appreciate it hi thank you let's
go today it is fuming
oh my god ingenious hot tea on a hot day
heartless heart is equal cold okay you
understand you add hot or not makes cold
just like plus and plus makes - what Oh
what are you talking about man yeah I'm
a genius that's why I left my maths
class Mia my sister are gonna get to
opening some of the mail you guys sent
us and I wanna do it differently I'm not
going to set the camera anywhere I just
want to vlog casually and open it cuz
I've just given up with the formal take
so we're just gonna open them live all
right straight up you're getting paid to
read letters whoa wow thank you so much
yo look at me look at these notes by the
way they're like people dancing on them
Wow yeah this is real anthem that's
right lucky dip what's next
I got some point I thought open it with
one hand shy shy bite it ah I'm buying
mail open not the best idea why do that
this is different Luda
whoa guys seriously you don't have to do
this dolla dolla dolla make it rain Femi
from Nigeria thanks okay you know you
know why I'm like smiling when you said
I've got a friend called femi and naw
nigga and he's from Nigeria so I shout
out to my boy shout out to that femi as
well for sending all of that stuff in
let's open this one with one hand let's
see what comes up okay you need to help
me here
okay you know what you just do it I
can't do this with one hand anymore it's
pretty hard right it's not rebellion'
Farida thank you so much this one says
be very careful by the way he says don't
rip it open don't do any more vlog-style
opening very calm calm and natural yeah
Lana style pretty yeah it's good muscles
okay whoa what is that it felt weird
when I was opening here is it cool
I don't know I'm excited ladder you know
it is like I've built it and it felt
like not not one not two
obesity is coming all right is it only
candy it said be careful though hey my
boy Drizzy Drake from Canada oh no you
got jewelry all right jewelry
I've been looking for dangling earrings
and this these are so gorgeous oh my god
oh she came in to take it huh she came
in to me cuz I you know of low
expectations I'll just take the candy
Donna doctor
yeah you know any any type of money is
for me so I'll just just hand it over
hand it over from sofa car and Mahmoud
wow thank you guys guys okay don't don't
look at their smiles now often the
camera they're gonna fight and take you
off of each other right now
I wanted the other one you'll pay up pay
up this is like monopoly what is that
that is definitely not a real no that
can't be a real note why is it so big
let me see let me see I think that is an
antique it's kind of you know I read the
letter guy okay wait before you read it
look at this guy's it's from 1941 14
1941 in the Second World War
big thank you to Caitlyn Caitlyn Catalan
Catalan Catalan
Wow are you serious look at it next to
normal note put it right next to this
like y'all that could eat that note like
look in front of it that's like two and
a half notes or something this is what
you call major key alert
big money wow this is actually really
dope I didn't even think it was a real
note but we're gonna keep that safe for
now oh yeah and that's exactly Sai Baba
one shout-out to the plug look at that
wait they left you out yes hahaha
they left you out yes for once you guys
understand that
mummy Momo vlogs and me again y'all
that is awesome thank you for the fan
love these two are new I haven't got
these tubes Serbian or banknotes where
is that I don't even know where that is
shout out the new shout out to who say
come on I don't know oh it's from
Fredrik Fredrik shout out to Freddie
you're not a do huh
are you retarded like let me use a
finger is it Auto drum ticket I'm a
genius
I knew it I knew it I knew it
and they emailed me okay the final
masterpiece from Isaac John himself
aggression chill chill bruh it's a box
and you telling me they sent me an empty
box
I felt what's in there she opened is
that it's empty here we get vouchers Oh
what we've got a coin collection then
huh
are you guys please don't sum your whole
collections I don't really I feel guilty
for like taking a whole skill this is
perfect this is perfect I'm putting this
in the collection my brother like within
the organization it's from Isaac John in
Abu Dhabi this is really young Abu Dhabi
just look at this guy's Mel time is over
and just look at this like I could
actually just make each of my mail times
the whole money collection nowadays by
the way we just saw something that is
really funny look at this please put my
hair in the vulgar come on Isaac Mac oh
ha ha ha his hand Ajit just got shy in
the vlog shout out to that hair rub it
for good luck you know keep it in there
but yeah I can't believe we legit just
feature the hair on the blog what what
hair is the eyelashes is that muscle
hair what is that I don't even know well
anyways on to everybody yeah I hope you
liked today's style of the
I was just much more casual let me know
I'm actually going to go meet one of my
friends now so goodbye family see you
soon we're going to the beach yep
beach day with the boys yep sorry family
I'm gone I'll be back wink wink
oh look up bubbles I never leave him he
took all your mail guys and he's used as
a bet he always does this after mail
time mommy mommy
if I don't return tell bubbles I love
him
you know why are you out you go away
guys you're not coming with me she's
trying to check one of her Instagram
post let me go I don't want to be part
of this family I'm not going back again
well what did you want no I'm not kind
guys she wants to post one picture on
Instagram with her role model and she's
like is this nice enough I said I love
her see my bulb muggles they're gonna
see the picture by the time this is out
you know look at these guys so he called
fitness call guys keep going well that's
like a grouper 34 people running there
so he came to this restaurant in the
middle of the beach we just had our ice
creams I completely forgot to show you
guys how it was when it was full but it
is a nice place Gary just sitting around
yeah we're just chilling here having our
ice cream and chatting about I just came
to the extra buy skate park and I didn't
realize how big sounded drops are here
we got some people about to do some
tricks for us yo shout-out to them man
don't hurt yourself yo that is a huge
dome by the way who's gonna do the trick
alright he's gonna do it guys watch out
for him oh my god you don't realize how
big this skate park is alright oh no
that is good I don't care that high one
more thing that's not right
that's crazy yo he legit did a backflip
alright guys up oh my god
that is crazy man that's crazy good
that's mad love man respect respect
hey guys shout out to these lot amazing
skaters we'll see them soon again peace
out
stay awesome skateboard pros let's go
one that time guys oh so while my car is
getting washed I thought show you all
the amazing cars that are over here
there's a ton okay I don't know where to
start from but I'm gonna go with my
favorites for now not sure if you guys
remember this do you remember that the
day with the Batmobile this car was
there that's the black Aventador
secondly this oh my god I don't know why
I just love this gray Hawk and it looks
so like it looks so cool it kind of
looks like Batman looking cuz it's got
like the gray and black and stuff like
that the bad boy is clean and ready to
go
we made it back to the showroom guys and
we're kind of tired so you know what
better way when you're tired and just
get the keys to the me back and go
sitting there so we're just gonna go
relax in this bad boy
just looking look at this luxury car man
I saw and I hold Mercedes keys it
reminds me so much of my car in the UK
let's go inside and sit in oh yeah not a
bad cio it looks like a business class
Emirates flight whoa just look at this
car guys like I'm legit just sleeping in
this mad boy like it's so cool I may
back some of my favorite like luxury
cars
anyways I'm not actually this car solely
kinda for guys but you just cannot be
around the presence of the laferrari
and not just admire and look at the
interior of this bad boy
all right neither as you can see this
car is pretty much brand-new by the way
like just look at it it still has all of
the stickers on it and everything like
this is just not touched and you barely
get any laughs are always like this
which is really really awesome you're
wondering how it looks point of view of
driving a la ferrari this is what it
look like
got the other door going up but look the
wheel actually has so many buttons like
esc off CT off like i don't even
what these do sport race wet start the
engine obviously so I just got the key
for this event door and this is not your
normal event to door this is the event
door serious special I think it's a 50th
anniversary event door and this is
actually the 74th one out of a hundred
now not sure if you guys can see that
under there that's what it says 74 of
100 but we got the doors up just just
just take a look guys just take a look
it's not everyday and it's even got a
red key to match the car now I love
about this car is the interior because
it just looks gorgeous to be on look at
this it's got the red and black steering
wheel the red and black you know middle
part I don't know what you call that
and just the stitching and everything to
go with the absolutely fantastic car
gorgeous thing over here and it's just
so cool to have the key because normally
the keys are black but this one because
I guess it is a special it came in red
just like the car color anyways guys I'm
gonna head out of the showroom also with
some stuff inside here we've got some
really nice cars just look at this gt3
RS as we're all like I don't think a lot
of people know about is car it's just I
find it fantastic anyway
I'm heading out now and yeah but a
really cool day I just love being around
cars I know you guys see it a lot but
it's not every day you get to see one of
these things I wanna wrap up today's
look here guys since I am home and
really really tired bubbles is
complaining in the background I'm not
going to talk too much like I normally
do my outros because today we did so
many things that I think the blog is
already long in itself so I'll see you
tomorrow stay awesome everybody don't
forget don't let your haters bring you
down stay focused stay positive and yeah
yeah Loyola good bye everybody
