we match three oh I swear we won $50,000
look 50 thousand 50 thousand fifty
thousand but how often do people win
these as this really is it really I feel
like would you win it like no you don't
win this normally
yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
vlog or should I say good morning squads
so basically today we're gonna go to the
PIO boxes and collect our mail I'm not
sure if you guys remember two weeks ago
I actually started opening all the mail
as we got it but then I saw all of you
in the comments section saying don't do
that mole you want to see like a huge
pack opening instead of you opening like
one piece at a time so that's why it's
been like a week or two since we've done
like a proper mail video because I've
let it accumulate and today I think the
post office like cooled are saying yo
you've got quite a few packages come
collect them I think they said we've got
seven packages or like seven pieces of
mail which have come in with recorded
delivery and I guess more that haven't
so let's go see what it is I'm just
waiting for my sister to come downstairs
now and we can get headed like it's
really really hot by the way and I chose
to wear black like only I would do that
right let me go see where my sister is
because it's been like 20 minutes and
she hasn't come outside okay come on are
you ready yeah why are you so you're
swapping everything from that bag to
that what what the hell is this retard
doing
she's got a strawberry you went back for
a strawberry alright we made it over to
the post office with my car for once
that's a change
ayah basically we we found some unknown
letters in our post box and look they go
here put it in let's see wait how does
it work oh okay you can just stuff in
there only in our post office would it
be absolutely freezing oh yeah they fix
the light but they still haven't fixed
this chair porch it's not even a charity
wall that what is that we should be
expecting a lot oh yes we are expecting
a lot this is a lot okay let's just make
sure nothing goes backwards in there
okay Wow oh my god you're into this
there's more and more and more yo
alright so more than I expect you to be
honest ton of mail and we still have to
go collect the ones I've been recorded
delivery which are usually the packages
so let's see how that turns out look at
that guys I never thought there'd be a
day where my boot is starting to get
full anyways let's close it up go home
and see what's in there all right we got
loads and loads of pieces to go open up
at home to be honest I think I'm gonna
read less letters guys and I mentioned
this in the last look because I think
would take way too long but we'll see
how the gist of the mail time goes and
yeah let's go home
they're actually getting like
considerably more like every single time
so I wonder like is there gonna be a day
where we can't fit in the car anymore
that'd be funny
shaking I remembering it all around the
place walking me like this like this
I don't not teach me like I robbed you
were going like it I was getting an
epilepsy watch em I don't know off into
the sky didn't teach me love it I just
kept doing no britches the bitch honey
can I put that on my rib anyways guys
I've actually got a headache he been
going full out on Bugatti right now I'm
teaching me icing yeah oh man oh man not
again like and I said we sound like you
know them old people trying to sing here
but like and then put up yeah it's a
man's car okay anyways let's collect all
of this stuff and start oh my god oh
yeah they're sleeping they have like
their little tent inside and they look
at people outside Oh before I get into
opening your packages guys I want to say
that all the letters will be read so if
they're don't read on the vlog don't
worry because me and my sister are still
gonna read them but we're just doing
that to kind of short and down the Bell
openings because they do get very long
so let's get straight into all of these
and see what's up
okay let's go straight to it oh haha oh
that it's a surah shit
so the first letter was all the way from
Romania starting straight off strong we
have money for the money collection
already and a chip that okay my sister
put it there thank you so much Robert
and yet move on quickly why are brown
packets uses it because I like thicker
or is it when you want to put an item
yeah I think there is something in here
I think this one is God pointed it okay
oh look at that
they actually stuck a note and a coin to
the lab anyways thank you so so much to
Adam for sending this money for the
collection I might just keep it with
this layer because it's been like
sellotape really really cool wow thanks
for seems to have some stuff in here
okay so there's some stuff for my system
what magnets
Lada Rossum Oh blogs magnets okay yeah
that's your that's mine alright well
thank you to Gabriel for these awesome
magnets and the Romanian No thank you so
much I love this that is very cool
that's going on our fridge today it's
cool
oh they put my intro as a logo on the
left let's see what this one is
Oh stuck it's stuck it's an owl
it's a cat good it's not oh look at it
from here like Oh guys I couldn't see
it's an album oh I'm gonna make a new
beginning but I wasn't sure because I
couldn't see how it's bright so you got
another cat picture for the capital of
Fame the cat is from Finn thank you
that's going on our wall look at that
have your name on it whoa what is that
oh yes yes I love did we win last no we
didn't win I'll stop my check guys we
got another one hold on the mail time
cut cut
we are playing this raffle right now
before anything else happens good yeah I
feel lucky today not find that drop you
yes so lucky clean okay all right shout
out to the plug Adam for hooking us up
with these let's scratch and see if we
won come on half a million pounds for me
and no no this is both for me okay you
can record me doing it that's the rules
I can I do it won't let me use it let's
see how do you play this do I describe
everything right I think we scratch
everything I write on it it said scratch
all the coating okay that's okay on this
game I make sure they see me win it okay
that way I can have legal proof that
water okay so I have to find a diamond
to win okay yeah a fine diamond oh I
want five pounds that's great I want a
five pound okay there you go okay did
you get it yeah obviously see that the
diamond one yeah you know time one is a
five pounds so you want fuck um yeah yes
what at the door okay yep but say yo
your squad so look who came by guys are
you came by and he's actually got a
unique note what is it it's an Armenian
it's called Trump Trump I've never seen
that nobody's adding that to the
collection which is awesome Armenian
right you could it Trump yeah like Trump
from from if it's pronounced Mir dinner
oh okay that's really awesome Thank You
Man I appreciate it high five and yes
you're a man P oh you're scarred for
life much this is the worst personal
recording anyways back to scratching
this guy
start guys if you can see that from the
first section we want five pounds this
diamond one is a winner and let me just
go ahead and scratch this second section
so we need a match three to win um okay
yeah my bad
let's see did we win did we win oh no I
didn't win no you need to get the cash
back she at the bottom it says it okay
but your third one match three to win so
three walk all three amounts okay but
got our dog oh wait wait no no no did we
win 50,000 it says we want 50,000 it
says we want 50,000 how does it say look
it says 50 50 50 I swear we won 50,000
to win we matched three oh I swear we
won fifty thousand where we 150 look 50
thousand 50 thousand 50 thousand yeah no
okay this is a joke I mean we're going
to joke no no no what you think they try
to trick gonna say no she's not happy
one I'm not playing you guys we've won
have we won I don't know
ice wave 150 thousand pounds yeah um
Randy hey guys I'm not even kidding you
I right now like I am like my heart is
dropping I don't know if this is some BS
or not but this is sixty thousand pounds
well I'm not kidding like this is 50
thousand okay well I can't I'm just all
right no no this is a joke man this has
to be a joke have we seriously won all
of us are confused right now
guys I'm
like I'm confused because I know
definitely really the man told me if you
did mastery but how often do people win
these as this really is it really not
below like would you win it like no you
don't win this normally like but how
could it be such a coincidence that you
get one with them with it I think who's
that in this - she's stupid why look
what I just read a joke scratch card :
okay I hate you guys man I hate I need
to see this holdin it says joke scratch
cut you guys seriously oh my god
no this is definitely this is the same
with this is it the same is it the same
no this one is legit you know for a
second I was actually like not sure
about you win I dropped because I it's
just it feels like really like you
couldn't think okay why would the
winning scratch card coincidentally come
to us like I know you don't know shot no
I did you see what he did Adam he took
that scratch card away from me so yeah
see joke's on you
look look at what who says what we will
not be held responsible for any actions
taken by persons who believe that they
have won a prize from this scratch card
oh I completely hate you but don't make
us celebrate I was gonna run with the
money so different
a super I hate you so bad I hate you so
bad
ah damn okay you know what let's move on
to the second scratch card
I'm not even hoping much for that like
sure it says this game I think it is
legit but it's real it's real they just
want it let's see let's see you did a
story Adam you did a scary get us sorry
I'm just funny
just with a single scratch ii scratched
god i'm gonna do it imagine $1,000,000
when i'm not even gonna believe it like
what do we have to do yours des what's
going it says everything if yours weighs
more than theirs win prize okay so this
is mine - 27 nope doesn't win nope
doesn't win okay so the first section is
all losses high so there you go that's
the legit one no wins thank you thank
you so much for breaking my heart today
I thought I was gonna go buy my Nissan
gt-r today but no excuse me it was three
million so Jaco - I'd just I'd put it on
the loan or something I mean this faces
your emotions like this let's get back
to this belt I'm the melt our mood is
completely changed like it's not really
you know my heart like just got played
with on blow like that's just that's
just too much man I think this is for
Chinese New Year I'm not mistaken but
let's just go ahead and open it i'm
saucin i'm saucin on you I'm balling
balling oh yeah Wow
why is that wait that five daughters
it's got the Queen on it that's a first
for our Australian dollars that is
really really awesome strain Yin thank
you dear more I love your videos I love
it all tell mommy more longer nice and
high
I can't thank you so much Christopher
you know what this is more the small
back in my face we can go with a
positive male time from now I don't
don't worry I got you bro don't worry I
got you I'm gonna have one thing in the
future oh you got this is the first time
and look I said owl and we did get
something with an owl it's not for sure
like it's going out on it at that yo the
notes we're getting are starting to
become really beautiful guys like I've
never knew there are so many colorful
notes in the world these are really cool
that's really cool so thank you knew
through son for this really really cool
boys it do to me it's a sri lankan oh it
was so many nice much you know like I'm
jealous no first of all on it we have we
have something really cool we have a
Ford keyring for my Mustang Wow
I did another one so that's really
awesome thank you for that I can open
your hands now there's tons of points in
here but my favorite part about this
whole opening of that there is this
mobile it's on a visa car more that is
awesome time
this is really cool it's go something
right you know what it reminds you hi
boy yeah imagine how far when you start
seeking you need a dollar dollar dollar
is all you need the cat no Denise in the
video did you see the one day the saying
I don't think the video me actually
putting on the wall without by the law
you know something even weirder we never
show the strawberry in the vlogs that he
must have seen so somehow the new monoi
confirmed he sent strawberry picture
I've never shown a strawberry Thank You
Joseph for the dollars rain do you
appreciate it
and yeah the cool pictures too it's a
million dollars for you I'm a
billionaire I am an official millionaire
guys look at that
1 million dollar notes you know sir I
thank you for making me a millionaire
guys I think you need to update your net
worth some bucks because we just cashed
it a million dollars and the $50,000
like 10 seconds ago so yes my net worth
has been like 1.1 million now based on
this vlog huh you know that's hi guys
once from Afghanistan is this the one
from Afghanistan this is Ken Bernard
this is from Indonesia and this is from
Iraq Wow
this is from Gibran thank you so much
and we love your channel
I appreciate your brought this we're
going in the money collection yeah it's
been ahead of a long real time video but
we have just got to the packages right
now so don't you leave because here
comes the big boy toys okay let's start
with the smallest and go to the beach I
guess that's how it works right
hi first up let's see oh that is really
cool there's no spiders in my head
yeah it's payday for you Lana oh that's
really cool oh my goodness oh my
goodness
wow thanks real flower moment that's
real flower the first thing we got that
little package was this note so look at
that I have never seen a note like that
where is this from in the comment
section guys can you let us know where
this notice from because we have no idea
it's a different language so we can what
is this no guys no please please please
it looks awesome so pretty the colors on
it are gorgeous
okay moving on we got like the coolest
coolest keychains ever first of all do
you see that that is a dollar or $100 I
think yeah that's $100 keychain it's got
like $100 and then it flips you see that
so it can turn around she's also a
little money souvenir collection whoo
that is epic
Oh secondly look at that guys I would
join you this place your name it says
log on and know anything oh my goodness
wow it's not these are listen man thank
you I love this okay I'm finally this is
my favor so definitely hers beckus it's
a necklace with a clasp little container
has got a real flower this how you know
I'm excited I won't even sing on the
couch anymore like I'm straight in your
face that is so pretty
it's unbelievable wow that is a real
flower guys what well it's a necklace so
it goes around your neck Thanks hey flex
on and flex on them quickly look at that
I love it you know huge shout out to the
blog Abdur we appreciate when these kind
gives much love bro much love I don't
know mother you got a file
we are out of bankruptcy now let's see
it's actually uh I'm filing for
bankruptcy this wasn't supposed to be in
the vlog that it said there's a Moses's
lobster here in the blood mommy are you
hiding here one second please don't hide
it moment look at that whoa it's a
picture of you oh wow I know this is the
second Oh talented Wow for me she's 12
years old she's 12 years old and drew
that for time you know let me let me be
your agent because I think we can have
some potential so yeah just how I mean
you signed a contract like wow look at
this
they're 12 any Memphis look at that much
love to County presenting that also
picture and we love this it's really
dope lightly I have no skill in art but
that is a really really cool picture
thank you know which one is especially
cool I love it I don't know I stood for
our memory days like 15 I got a he's got
a lot of enemies got people trying to
drag me off this
yeah I guess you know the cats are going
to love this look at her she's like
looking at me so look at her know what
happened I don't know if you're ready
for this I don't really miss a lot sure
just a lot what does it say I don't know
if you're ready for this that's what I'm
gonna say sure you show up words I don't
know I he ready for what's inside here
all right hold up everybody I know you
were expecting me to continue the mail
time but I got so many things that I'm
going to cut it into two sections so the
rest of the mail time is going to be a
timorous blog I can't thank you guys
enough there were so many special things
that I just didn't feel justice if I put
it all into one video so come back two
more to check out the rest of the mail
time and let's continue with today's
vlog I went and changed up my clothes
off of that mail video me and my mom are
going to go out because I'm feeling or
craving realization I'm sure warm up
just to explain why I cut up the video
this mell time was the longest no time I
ever did and I was gonna do like a whole
mess of mail time but it was too much
like I did not expect that I don't want
to give too much of it away but the
second half some of the things I get the
riku lished things i've ever gone in my
life
so I'll see you later bubbles all right
keep this house safe don't let anybody
in that escalated really quickly so
check this out they have a section of
the storage cells Indian dresses
fun fact my mom used to love Indian
dresses like when she was younger would
you wear them right she's to do our
little dress ups but they have like a
whole portfolio and everything yeah yeah
where would you wear that though it's
like a wedding dress yeah
so look what we ran into again guys you
ran into another claw machine obviously
you know your boy Moe has to come
through what you want mommy look at this
guys and a bunch of random stuff just
chucked in here there's literally the
light bulb there is a light bulb in here
like who invented what went in this
machine here goes nothing really
loving each other fellow men
that should be
damnit guys do it we lost this time it's
a game maybe next time anyways guys in a
wrap up today's Loki I hope you guys
enjoyed I can't wait for you guys to see
tomorrow's half of the male time super
super awesome I can't thank you guys
enough for just being so wonderful to me
I really do appreciate it and it
genuinely puts a smile on my face but I
didn't come in for you I don't don't
think I forgot about that I'm still
coming for you but I'll see you guys two
more for another vlog stay happy awesome
and positive everybody and yeah Yolo boy
