from the popping trees popping three
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
we're currently going to go head off to
test-drive the brand-new lamborghini
Moroccan which is a two wheel drive
Lamborghini so I'll meet up with you
guys once we get there and let's have a
fun day peace
so we just made it to the Burj Khalifa
we're gonna wait for all the rest of the
people to get here as well but I thought
I'd do a run-through of the cars here as
always there are loads and loads a nice
car so I'm gonna start from the left and
let's just keep going I love that war
show okay watch this oh that is really
really cool I love that every single
time it's just so satisfying to watch
okay what's gonna happen next
Wow just listen to that it gives me a
sense of joy every single time anyways
let's get onto the car so the first two
cars in this lineup are these two
Porsches the gt3 on the right and the
gt3 RS on the left absolutely beautiful
I don't know why with these Porsches I
prefer the back than the front they just
look so cool at the back but don't get
me wrong they are amazing in the front
as well now moving on we have a
beautiful matte grey Lamborghini
Aventador really really stunning then we
have a hurricane that looks very similar
to ours but is not ours okay then it's a
blue Gallardo I've seen this one quite a
few times now then moving on the
rolls-royce Wraith and then I think this
is the Phantom so here is the LP 580
guys so there's a couple of differences
which I will go through in a second I'm
just going to show you the overall
run-through of this car I really like
the fact that this one has black exhaust
tips but yeah this one's gorgeous me and
my sister are going to take you through
some of the differences between our four
again and the brand-new one which you
see over there so first of all I'm going
to start by the looks of the cars so the
first difference is in the grille now
look at this one this is our car as you
can see the grille is all the way to the
front of the car now if you move on to
the new one there is pretty much no
grille at the front because they've
extended it to the back but you have
this thing like is this winged shape
thing at the front of it and then all
the way at the back you have the grille
I guess it gives it like a more sporty
ER look and secondly in the front on our
car this green would have extended all
the way here so you don't had like
green panel here however this one they
chopped up the color so it's green here
and this midsection is black but if you
come and look at our car over here the
whole thing is why even that middle
section so I guess they've done that to
make it look a bit edgier but there you
go now we're going to move on to the
second difference which is behind the
car so moving on to the back the
differences between these car are kind
of obvious if you take a quick look at
it so just look at this grille under the
lights here and I'm going to go across
to the new one and you can clearly tell
the difference it's extend a little bit
lower where the lights are and it's got
a little bit of a structure around it so
mix the lights look a bit more bigger I
was going to mention this is the glass
back version our car could also come
like that so that's not really a
difference in the new model but it's a
difference in our car and that car
because ours we went further
I guess the plastic sport back and then
that is like the glass back so there you
go that's the new car we're gonna go
sign up and actually go for a drive in
it now so I hope you enjoy okay more
hurricanes are showing up at the scene
one two all right let's go sign up let's
go sign up okay oh can we fit into one
yes we can check out this base guys you
would think there's camels walking
behind this but some effect they have
going on which is really really cool
we're just in the seating area as you
can see and then we were like what
there's camels but no we realize those
an effect there's not even like anything
on this wall projecting and like that's
why I'm wondering there's no projectors
and then you have camels walking not bad
okay look guys the secret is this if you
can see behind there there's loads and
loads of lights that make this effect my
sister wanted to see how it works but
open it
oh yeah do you see that it's good I load
the lights and they turn off when the
camera effect this coming okay we're
about to go on the drive guys as you can
see a couple more Hawkins turned up
we're taking the green one guys you
chose that I chose the green one but I
never saw them that let gone anyways
it's good because you can see it from
the outside now
anyways please don't kill me it's a
two-wheel-drive more slippery and here
we go it's got black interior it's all
the hues come on the heels come off
anyways here goes nothing guys we just
started to drive obviously it's gonna be
 in the beginning but hopefully
we'll pick up we're going for like a
half an hour all speed mobs we're going
for like a half an hour on lap and yeah
that's let's see what this all new
Lamborghini is about you know it's
really funny guys we have walkie-talkies
in the car and I'm not sure if they can
hear us or we have to press a button for
them to hear us but you can have the
walkie-talkie boy give me just hold it
from the antenna these are the
walkie-talkies we have as you can see
guys I think you have to press a button
for it okay hello can you hear me okay
let's take a song from California can
hear awesome and it doesn't seem like it
works unless you press a button
from the haha where's the walkie-talkie
where's lucky I wish that I he's worth
listening to us and thinking like who
brought these people are like
in karaoke
there goes and now we can join behind
him this is so the instructor doesn't
see us
yes
did you see that guy's the guy literally
almost went on us like are you inviting
it yeah they sure like he came on us so
there you go guys your fave accidentally
love you more
I'm a machine
very much
you made it back to our starting point
in the Burj Kalifa as you can see the
matte black crack and is barking up next
to us I think in this building
whoa all the way up into nowhere that's
it for today my sister got to drive the
car we also got some little gifts I'll
show ya home with like the designs of
the car and everything we can take a
look at I did show you pretty much all
the differences in the loan anyways
we're gonna drive off home now yeah the
biggest difference easy to steer so
light and really actually it's more fun
to be honest with you it's a lighter car
with two wheel drive a lead so your
classic sports your standard classic I
don't know is for that sports car
anyways let's get the car and go home so
because we were really close to the move
we decided to come eat over here because
by the time we get home we're gonna be
starving and I don't think we have food
ready at home so why not eat out we're
back at Texas we haven't been here for a
really long time around the peanuts guys
oh yeah we don't mind if I do
we don't mind if I do it's okay man you
break them open anyways remember
we see I wish that you like take these
all these purse or something you like
break
whatever you did a snack we just have
this is oh-three peanuts yo free peanuts
because I always want to Wed like how
much is a custom justify that to be on
it I don't know but yeah you have a
video for a pretty long time I we used
to come here so often I rarely see a Q&A
as well we did like a mini Q&A in here
and yeah good old times
anyways this order our food my favorite
part about here is always been an ox
case pretty nice so here is the food
guys oh my god this is for everybody
that loves food which is like the whole
world so I guess why it's all for me my
sister's not even eating
Oh
okay so I actually completely forgot
that it's going to be Easter soon oh my
god it's a season where we can paint
stuff on eggs and everybody finds it
normal who we wander like lunatics
little like eggs taking challah does a
pre-drawn there you can just color it in
yeah it's got like everything drawn on
customizable yeah we can have one of
these
oh la la no Rosie strike for sell make
it like a fool Gold you're like a load
of gold Melly into an egg Oh
Easter cat's not under here is for cats
a name is just for kids
you know I don't understand guys like
why is some stuff just like unacceptable
in society like why can't I just sit on
the floor in the supermarket like why is
this unexpected well what's the product
if I'm tired yeah that's why I'm wearing
jeans and they go in the wash drag me
drink why can't we just be out of the
normal spray it spray it this place
stinks anyways make it make it smell
nice but they don't sell
my show is that purple oh good job Lana
good job little kid bossing right oh my
goodness like sugar what about this one
what do you think roses roses are red
violets are blue and you can't open one
of these damn you
they she she rhymed before we left we
had to we had to had to had to get a
current tea you know the deal on second
thoughts I didn't have one I just that
my sister yet one it's too much energy
in that theme I hate it's like Sonic the
Hedgehog all right boys time to go home
let's go oh wait no no sorry man I'm a
drunk I I've got stuck here with a
challenge guys I have to hold my
sister's drink because there's no cup
holders on this damn car we need to get
what I think we can put this is cool I
can really take back my words about
being a practical car like like I have
to be a personal cup of tea
like
all right we just got a home and I
thought I'd show you what was in that
little Lamborghini pouch we got so here
it is my favorite look at that it's a
sketch of the rockin and this is the
brand new one so look it's even got that
little thing at the fraud mister lb 582
well this is a really nice one this
could be the thumbnail look at that
these are really good shots these are
cool things to like stick on your wall
okay so zero to one hundred and three
point four seconds max speed of 320 and
580 horsepower my sister's actually has
610 by the way but it is four-wheel
drive I guess they're completely
different cars yeah the pictures are
really awesome this one is the holy
grail of the photos here what's wrong
with your shoulder Oh hard work get back
to work would not mind if I did cookies
and war okay yeah I couldn't find milk
that's why look at that these are minis
damn ah it hurts it hurts I'm not even
gonna lie guys I've got a massive
headache and I think it's because we
went out in the daytime and I was in
like the Sun for an hour and it just
it's giving me the biggest headache our
enemies let's go pop some pills to get
the headache to go away I need a glass
to have my potion potion or my pills
isn't that satisfying sound to hear okay
here goes no Fred
the headache has gone away now not so a
lot of people keep asking me to this day
what happened to the Lamborghini
giveaway bro the one that was being
given away in the mall we didn't we
didn't win we didn't win guys I don't
know who won but it was enough so they
cheered obviously because we had to won
that like who else wins except who would
win a Lamborghini Baraka except from us
we entered that competition like 20
times
nothing was harder than easy to win man
I feel so sad guys I thought we were
actually gonna win like I don't know why
I strongly believed we would win like
always planning things to do like once I
got it I was out okay so first day I'm
going to take it for a race say if you
ever do that like plant stuff to do with
something that's not even yours yet but
as I said unfortunately we didn't win
maybe next time don't don't look down on
these situations if it's meant to be
it's meant to be and this time it wasn't
I guess before I had stays blog I want
to talk about one thing that kind of
gets on my nerves of you will comment
and it's like mo your vlogs have no
meaning like there's no purpose of what
they're then before in today's long I
want to say one thing and it's in
regards to comment I sometimes get it's
like mo what are we learning from this
vlog or what do you want people to take
out of it now the one thing I always say
is stay happy and positive but besides
from that the one thing you should take
away from this is you can do anything
you want in life like what I mean this I
mean there are people out there they can
literally sit and eat food and cool it
their job there are people that play
video games and call it their job so if
you're looking at my vlogs look at it as
like a positive lifestyle that you could
just live your life I call it your job
even though YouTube isn't technically my
job is just something I do my gap year
because I really enjoy I could
potentially in the future even call this
my job like living my life could be a
job and that's what I want you guys to
take
outfit if there's anything you want to
do trust me just do it and I know
there's going to be loads of people
saying that's ridiculous you can't do it
but those people are probably the people
that are so negative and never did what
they want to do so don't listen to the
naysayers just do what you want trust me
even though it looks easy YouTube can
even be hard itself - people like
PewDiePie who's the biggest youtuber and
he sits and plays games for a living
which sounds fun but trust me is hard
work at the same time but at the end the
day you can do anything you want and
yeah that's what you should take out my
blogs just be positive do what you like
and don't listen to others anyway stay
awesome everyone I'll see you tomorrow
with another vlog Yolo Yolo goodbye
