yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so the other day I bought myself some
diet coke and some Mentos now I never
tried the Mentos and Diet Coke challenge
thing for myself so I thought I'd do it
right now
now apparently if you mix this with some
coca should blow up so let's see for
ourselves okay ready okay I don't think
it's gonna be that big it's like 5 ok
ready
yes got it yes is that hey I wonder what
happens we close it and then this this
was wood and we put a lot in it
hello 2 1
that's right I think you slow you slow
to impact when you put it in like with
the cover on it what the hell was that
that was like a mega mega fail I'm not
sure did I do it wrong guys or did
people have like some super steroid eat
mentos and coke because the thing barely
even formed up that's some expired coca
Mentos right there oh my god my cat is
some psych okay just meows all the time
anyway just continue today's vlog and go
do some awesome stuff peace anyways I'm
not sure if you guys can hear that well
listen to the sizzling in the coke to
hear that not bad if you guys ever
wondered what a diet coke tastes like
with Mentos in it let me tell you for
myself this is like mid coke right yet
it's like coke admit mix to each other
which you would expect I guess because
of the Mentos you know let's see all my
mom thinks about the taste
do you like it or do you hate it last no
is it to you it takes I'm mean and coke
makes the other anyways let's head out
now I actually loved this jumper so much
like this is basically my gear for I'm
gonna get dirty and I don't want to ruin
my clothes but we're going out now I'm
going to change up rest in peace Diet
Coke rest in peace you got to go I'm
sorry I'm sorry the Mentos is stuck uh
doesn't wash this up
not bad not bad okay you know what I was
initially gonna change my clothes but I
love this jumper it's so comfortable so
I'm gonna wear out who cares
something I haven't done for a long time
is switch on my car with the remote I
used to do it so much on my boy and I
never did it again so let's see if it
still works it never works first time
it's so annoying hey Lu you have to lock
it we just kind of pointless and then
there we go it finally worked fine it's
such a pointless feature now I don't
like you anymore
that's a gt3 hores oh my god I love that
car okay now I'm gonna behind it I'm
going behind him
check that out guys the Burj Kalifa is
so tool that clouds are not even above
it like it cuts through the clouds you
see that that's amazing like such a
beautiful building I can't believe it's
like so check where we've come guys like
what the slice of backstreets yeah
we're exploring today we're actually
it's a proper a story so the only way we
could find parking is in this parking
which you have to pay for but look at
this view right now oh my god
do you see that we're gonna go on one of
them boat so we're gonna try and go
anyways
those boats only cost one dirham and
that's like 30 cents or like 20 P and
hence like it's so so cheap and you get
a ride for that so let's go while we
have the time I hope we can make it it
looks gorgeous
alright there's some proper we're going
some weird way we have no idea where
again my mom's scared that the lift will
get stuck you know this place is so like
creepy very doing found a place yeah yes
and we made it out of the building okay
I'm excited we're gonna be going on the
votes over there so I think we have to
wait in this long long queue to get on
the bow oh my god it's gonna cost us two
Durham's to get to the other side guys
go on the left side yay
okay boys this is Rick I'm saying
straight you got your back
as you can see
this is a really really cool thing look
at this guys like that bow is right next
to my foot oh my god oh my god mommy
look at that the view right now is
absolutely incredible like there's so
many boats around us as you can see and
we're just in the middle of the war
right now look at that
mommy mommy we have to lean forward
because driver needs a view from the
video
this is a really crazy area I'm stand
alone against
look at that
uh-huh
what's really incredible about it is I
look right there like that's the 30
centimeters away from before it's just
mind-blowing
so we're pretty close to parking the
boat up and the only thing I recommend
you guys watch out for is when it gets
port it's going to like hit the other
boat so it could be like a bump so we
have to like kind of hold on the door
there might be a thump stop holding the
camera giant
now you can't get up
Oh
this guy
that was a really really awesome
experience anyways now we have to get
back on the other side are you going to
the same trip okay basically yeah we
left our car on the other side we have
to take the same trip back okay so we've
come to this place I think it's like a
market area that is really cool so since
today's vlog is like an explorer vlog
let's go check it out
mommy why are we going so check that out
they have a bunch of different notes
here we had a good little look around
the shops yeah they just sound like
traditional stuff and really awesome
stuff but it's getting a bit late so
we're going to head back now oh my god
that is one spectacular sunset guys
that's beautiful
Wow you see my
we have no idea where we're going I love
it but he's okay it looks cool
while we're here I decided let's have a
little divided geography that's it for
you guys because not too many people
know too much about the by in general so
I thought I'd teach you so about twenty
years ago when I was born the body
actually was not built up at all those
pretty much the shaped sideroad you see
now with one of them buildings none of
that was there was just one road with no
buildings on either side and where I am
now this day er area was pretty much the
only bill up area where everybody did
their business and everything was built
up but within the past 20 years it kind
of boomed and has become what it is now
but it's always nice to come back and
see like the first place the first built
up place anyways let's make our way back
to the little boats because it's getting
really dark and we're just getting lost
out here
all right we're making our way back onto
the boat again
here goes nothing oh so you might be
wondering like why do you use these
boats is it just for like the tourism
going around it's actually not because
of that now the reason a lot of people
used it is basically to get from this
side to the other side where the boat
goes there isn't really a fast way by
walking so this is like a cheap
alternative to go to like your workplace
so if somebody lived here and they
worked across the lake they could be
wandering for each trip and go to that I
can work instead of paying for a taxi to
go all the way around so that's why they
actually use it I just have this urge of
touching the war like I want to touch it
okay here goes nothing
and as you can see that is the goal hi
everybody just sitting in their sides so
yeah if you're ever wondering what's the
best thing I can do it like a wonder
this is definitely one of them this
whole idea
never seen a bow ride in my life this
cheap and the cool thing is it's always
data same prize like I think
years ago I came here and it was still
wonder and so
inflation really digs things up but this
estate the same price along
uh-oh
oh that was a close one
I got a dick up my feet look at my feet
okay I'm bringing them down again oh my
god I was scary
okay you pretty much reached on this
side now this is when you hold onto your
camera hard
is it good you got the air we got here
Oh
they already standing up we're gonna be
lost
and those are rap that's all awesome all
right for the day that has been like one
hour of exploring with mold so I hope
you guys enjoyed that we did come and it
was pretty dark so next time we can come
bit earlier if you want okay look where
we have to go through to get to our
parking echo oh okay that's not the way
it was down there I love how energy is
this can legitly like a you know that
seems a new feature people I stopped
fighting stuff this can be the place
where you do that copy we're going yeah
once I wanted like you know I knew that
is I am I am how I move my children's
house well we made it to our super super
creepy parking garage with no breath
left I was the high five Robbie high
five
the shoot we're here is the first time
getting out in this parking it's super
tight that's the most hard I've been in
one day okay I start my engine for all
listen to this guy's
here that parking
okay I'm gone I'm gone okay let's go
show them the exactly this is by far one
of the tightest exits I've ever been on
you can't even see though oh my god oh
my god oh my god
where do I have any Feinstein yeah I
know
Wow Wow this is the tightest parking
I've ever been to
thank you okay
leave now the tunnel we're going through
right now as you can see this is
actually underwater that watch this
watch this guy's watch this watch ready
okay I'm not going so glad to do
I quickly stopped by the water eat some
KFC but it is absolutely exploding so
packed out I thought I'd head over to
the valley to see what cars are the
first car I see has my favorite number
which is number three my favorite Rolls
Royce the wraith and my favorite color
this guy definitely has my taste like
three rolls-royce Wraith this is a
beauty
the second car I spied hidden behind a
couple of cars is this beautiful pearl
white I think pearl white Ferrari 488
loads of people still get this mistaken
with the four five eight but it's got so
differences like the front is more
curved can you see them light edges on
it I guess you can see it more in person
but I really do love this car and I
think the door hand was also look a bit
different if you can tell I'm not too
sure maybe that's just me but absolute
beauty and yet perfect interior on this
car it's all red I love the red interior
anyways couple nice cause us boys aren't
you gonna head off I gave my mum my car
keys so she could go and sit in the car
because she doesn't like walking around
cosplaying with me
seems to be some Chinese like festival
theme going on
Oh
anyways our radio show
Chinese New Year like lost three maybe
is like a
fish or something who knows anyways I'm
heading off home now
I just greatly stopped by to eat in
there and it was like packed I mean you
could barely walk it was on that packed
but it was too hectic in there oh there
was some Chinese show going on so I was
recording it that's why I took so long
hmm I'm so hot I'm never wearing a long
sleeve and device ever again like I
thought it was pretty cold outside okay
it's not this color oh look at that
silver I ate by the way I met so many of
you guys today in the mall obviously
side signed another autograph I swear I
signed this on with the pencil which is
hilarious I see what's on the radio
free-thinking off that's rubbish what's
this e.g a hostess
to hear that that means it's time to
upload a video move
I've been waiting 15 minutes for my mom
to do shopping and the reason I'm saying
that is that would be okay but she told
me oh she's getting is milk so what type
of milk cakes is she like going to the
forum and coming back because the stores
right there like I don't know what type
of place she's getting the milk from
anyways I think I saw her coming so
finally it's like an oven in this car
why did I wear this on my god it's been
like 25 minutes now I'm losing my mind
mommy what happened this is what I do
when I'm bored
that's my way of calling my mom just
that is definitely one milk mummy
just just one milk over here might as
well come back with a whole cow the hell
is this okay I couldn't you only go show
you where key and bubbles are sleeping
in my sister's room it's absolutely
hilarious again let's quickly go on
you're not even gonna believe it
okay so nobody's in a room let's just
turn on the lights and boom these two
are sleeping in the box how did they
even hardly to get out I don't know even
know okay you know what
they don't get out or ship them - I
don't know Timbuktu I went to wrap up
today's vlog here because I need to get
ready for tomorrow because tomorrow is
the day when we're gonna test drive the
new Lamborghini having a bit of cheeky
strawberries I absolutely love
strawberries but it's that fruit that
you don't have often I don't know why
you just don't pick it up off them but
okay very nice anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow for that really awesome video
make sure to check it out should be
exciting it's definitely gonna be
life-threatening for me because my
sister's driving and yeah she has a
tendency of skidding cars this one is
only rear-wheel drive so it's basically
more bout to skid so I'll see you guys
then pray for me and yeah yada yada bye
