not even hear me and really down
good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog so we're actually going to
take my sister's car in for a wash right
now as I mentioned yesterday today is on
fr friends weddings and she wants to
take the Lambo there but it's like
filthy so we need to take it for a wash
you know same place maybe there's some
epic cars there let's see there always
is and I get really excited every time I
go there anyways let's head out as you
can probably see my sister's hair is wet
camera ready that's a word okay
I'm not
I feel partially death on my left ear
cuz that's what was close to the
ignition right right if you're flying
why look at these glasses
bumblebee glasses as we call them look
at these guys look at this
the bird has the audacity not to go oh
my god
yeah it's gone don't worry them birds
were not going out of the way of the car
you guys I don't understand how rude the
birds are like we were there Ginger's
going and then we're not moving they lie
yet hit me watch my insurance claim it
like they don't want to move I have to
get out uh anyway that's at all
great weights are today yo this is a
song from the inspiration
DJ shining I wouldn't don't show a
one-sided thing oh you need better
seating I didn't like doing every
morning waking up in the morning
in all fitter bars any chaos put down on
my
I woke up in a new rocket so we finally
made it to the car wash and I want to
show you one of the most insane cars
I've ever seen are you guys ready for
this
so this car over here is actually the
company car this place we come to it's
called majestic car care and they've
gone with a 1,000 horsepower a hotrod
which just looks really really fantastic
I'm gonna take you around to the back
first of all the engine is just like
mind-blowing the whole thing is out it's
just insane but look at the wheels on
this bad boy like how big is that like
I'm not sure if you guys could tell
that's like four no two hands I guess
this way it's absolutely huge but it
looks really really awesome head-turning
yeah that you can see compared to my
sister like look at her look at her
that's like a half your buddy anyways
we're gonna get this bad boy started up
and I'll show you how it sounds okay the
hot ones about to be started up
Wow
not even here means ready now
that's great
that's one loud
even when it's just like normal with no
acceleration look out loud inside boy
I rose
oh wow see how silent it gets and it's
often anyways that is an entire engine
my heart was being when I was on while
you can feel it from here it's going a
bit darker though am I wrong oh yeah you
can feel the heat wave it's like a
radiator guys I want you to guess how
you open this if the windows are closed
so I don't see handles we're trying to
figure out right now tell me if I'm
missing something it's not putting the
mirror it's no button on the mirror as
well there's nothing though like there's
legit nut it's not even like a secret
compartment I can see this is like the
biggest I'm trying to see something but
so check out the interior of this car
guys because it looks absolutely awesome
so look at the steering wheel first of
all got this really cool skull look to
it and everything is just so like you
know I don't know you hold manly or just
like stiff it looks awesome
it's even got like these skull triggers
down there if you can see that but even
better if you look through there you can
see the speedometer and the fuel gauge
which is just really really cool feature
but yeah it's got like a awesome red
interior so you guys already seen the
venire Supersport on my channel but i'd
show you this liken now there's a
difference between these two cars guys
this is the lichen which are seven off
in the world and this is the unmei this
is like the one of one veneer but fun
fact about this car can you notice that
it's been completely like destroyed
mirrors off if you look at the interior
and everything it's been like completely
crumbled and the reason is this is the
exact car they used in the movie where
Paul Walker is in it and now you can see
over here it's written for poor like
this car has been dedicated to him and
in the movie I thought it was all
graphics but they actually threw this
off a building like look at the interior
this is the scene where they're trying
to like take the chip out the car and
is just insane like everything's been
taken off they actually were taking this
car through buildings and knocking it
like look at this my heart just breaks
it wow that is a really cool fact to
show you guys let's say goodbye to these
cars really really awesome still love
the veneer a lot but that's really cool
to know that poor car actually sat in
this car that's amazing let's quickly
get home so we can make it to this
wedding on time because my sister needs
to still get ready she hasn't even done
a makeup wedding like what what is woman
with me what is makeup wedding like why
does it have to be wedding makeup okay a
couple yeah we go every wedding makeup
here let's go home quick me
I make awesome cars are always here lie
did you see that a hot rod that's
actually our company car like what a
thousand horsepower hot rod will say
that money hey
Arius stinks you know when you boss them
areas that's the like sewage that's what
just came like a fresh breeze of rubbish
what happened to this meat milk so while
we were out something really really
shocking happened I know what's happened
I'm not gonna say it because my sister
doesn't know yet are you ready to see
what happened yeah she told me she told
me right now before you came in okay get
ready for the fire for your life yeah
apparently for with the cat oh my
goodness mom Oh Oh mommy was at home she
had to I did yeah
don't tell me his heart no oh I'm there
come to mommy
yeah is he hurt no mommy checked him
look he's like that
yeah you got revenge for ki yeah but
does not know I know that's not good but
mercy
yeah he's guys okay he's okay if I show
that I love you sad heart normies do we
do a job yet each other yeah so yeah
water out guys my mom just told me now
that bubble was saint grump you had a
fight
I think grumpy came out from under the
car and attacked him look again any of
those good ask him he attacked him
yeah him first their gun became
ineffective so some also also your squad
came and it's Dave
Saiga and Jagger and they showed up at
the door with some amazing gift thank
you guys so so much okay we're gonna
start off with the money for the money
collection that's ten rupees thank you
so so much and then oh that's also ten
you have a coin that sends oh wow
to pen I'm like collecting money on my
birthday but that is a Pirates of the
Caribbean coin how'd you get this like I
said I go from somewhere I go in as a
gift from wow that is amazing thank you
guys so so much is any message to the
yo-yo squad oh yeah the lighter
I completely forgot that is epic show
them the front of it that looks yeah
it's like a timer and a lighter it looks
whoa
I love lighters I'm gonna add that into
the collection wait for Lana hi this for
Lana guys if Lana didn't take so long to
get ready she could have come and got
this outside but she takes like five
hours and then everybody yeah every blog
I have to just keep saying oh thank you
guys so so much
right II appreciate it and yeah you're
just good for life out here
your squad I see you guys there thank
you so so much
pshh wow that's really really awesome as
soon as Lana my mom get ready I'm gonna
give them these roses Radio some guys
all right that's me done with editing
for today let's go upstairs take a
shower and get ready for this wedding
oh yeah
I look clean but I feel unclean if you
know what I mean look how fresh your boy
looks I love fresh to death I think I
could kill some of my looks like a slim
dick with your cute ass hey I might buy
you a new beds
hey anyways there you are ready to go to
our friend's wedding I shall need to run
in a tie man I don't do ties but there
you go killer looks in the building
everybody's finally ready and here they
are we have the wedding crew anyways
let's get headed down because these you
took like forever to get ready but
before I go here are the flowers of your
squad game for you two so there you go
I didn't give it to my mom and sister
and they gave chocolates yeah
again you oh yeah guys thank you to all
of them I like these they watch the vlog
man they watch it yeah thank you so so
much and yeah
time to head off before we're late and
you didn't show me this one oh I thought
that was the same thing my my thank you
I love these also I can just go you're
late you're late
oh my god okay we're never making it to
the wedding got it
GG after about 20 hours of selfies whoo
you're ready to go I didn't even take
one I can take a couple but nowhere near
that my mom my sister took Oh where's
the key
where's the keys how do we it's not okay
so I was open I'm just oh let's get the
fire out here looking I can Brown what
it's it's a wedding not a funeral okay
that was not my car by the way that was
perfect being time with my sisters
Milan does not make a noise like that
you know I've realized like I would make
one sexy employee life I look good
insurance I don't know why I think it's
only on camera by hate wearing shirts so
I only do it for like weddings and
family type of meetings I guess here you
only take it we are on our way my
sister's in the car next to us I'm not
sure mommy showed them there you go
she's in her Lambo but it's green light
and it's time to you time to go
okay that's waetford SketchUp she's
coming
so that is the hotel we're going to guys
as you can see on my left
pretty nice at nights I love this hotel
we just arrived at the hotel basically
you're not going to be seeing my sister
more they're going to be going to the
women's side of the wedding I'm going to
be going to the men's side so often that
we're gonna reunite peace
let's go so it's actually set fares
brother's wedding that we're here at
today so should be fun but the view is
incredible
you can see boards ladders right there
guys look at it it's like right there I
could hold it basically but let's go
make our way to the wedding to be honest
I really like the Jumeirah Beach Hotel
yet looks so awesome at night anyways
let's go it's wedding time guys people
are getting married today as you can see
I kind of walked away from all the
tables over there are sitting just to
block the view for you guys absolutely
incredible were like the Vergil out
there and obviously the hotel itself
over there
I've just been chillaxing to be honest I
kinda feel embarrassed of the log I it's
more like a forum where what he's seeing
down on tables type of thing so I just
walk away just a great you vote for you
but I think my mom and sister should be
done soon and then we're gonna leave I'm
breathing it's so cold back to the beach
so look at the virtual Arab now guys
look at the lights on that thing
absolutely gorgeous
alright stop oh it's back
having myself a tiny little tree not
going to get myself drunk or anything
okay I'm just kidding guys it's actually
apple juice it's nothing but yes okay so
I promise you them lights they are not
flickering in real life I don't know why
it's flickering on the video all right
I'm back with Lana now she just came
back from the woman section how is it we
were outdoors we have like we're right
in front of horse power by the way where
were you
she should have logged her side but no I
gave you guys the candy I was busy
inside even me I walked away from the
table but yeah anyways look at this this
looks so cool I don't know it looks like
you know the things that you're like you
tell someone's fate by it's like whoa
okay you're screwed I'm gonna read your
future okay forever oh geez what was
that oh my god my heart dropped
Oh anyways that's all saying guys for
everybody that presses subscribe you're
gonna buy an Aventador right now if you
press like investor like button then
you're gonna have five years of good
luck oh look at that you see the redness
in it okay
there's a character that is such a cheat
it's empty under like that it's like a
bowling god you know what you have like
your fingers in a holding like a now
when I put it back in this place
make charging on the legs and Franky
good boy
I'm gonna go show you around the hotel a
little bit because I don't think I've
ever showed you the Jumeirah Beach Hotel
properly you've come here before Baba
you show you the food here so first of
all this is the entrance okay look at
the ceiling of the entrance boom
that is awesome there's like loads and
loads of floors you can see there with
hearts I think it's like a Valentine's
Day theme you know yeah you don't
recognize it but there's also a net
there I don't know why I'm guessing if
anybody drops anything that's a cool
safety feature nice let's go around they
change up this hotel a lot because I've
been here like four or five times and
every time I something has changed
anyways this section is really cool it's
like what is it's like a lounge area
where they said have tea I think so I've
never actually been to this area and
I'll tell you why basically the place we
go to is through their latitude is where
we always go right to the restaurant
I've never actually come here yeah it
was the second birthday party without
you guys had but I've never been here
this is really awesome
yo that's actually gorgeous we should
take photos here and then obviously up
here to my penthouse do you know how it
goes you go up and see what's up
come we might as well while my sister
takes photos I'm actually gonna go up in
staircase and see where it leads to mo
is back on that explore mission there's
my sister down there okay where does
this take us
oh it takes us to the hotel shops I'm
guessing look at this place
yeah okay I got spooked out and I don't
know where I am but there's more stairs
to go up so let's just keep going
obviously what's the worst that can
happen EAL it's actually dark
oh it comes to a dead end the sundeck
okay broadness and spooky I'm going down
I'm going down quick
she stole the rose she stole the rose
anyway it's time to go home got my valet
ticket and so does my sister came with
two cars mine and hers
so let's go all right boys the cars are
here and we're ready to leave that is
pretty busy today guys there's another
Lamborghini behind my sister right now
Gallardo nuba I have a feeling the
Gallardo behind us wants a race guys the
green light
I smoked them guys I smoked them look at
that I thought I was my sister for a
second but knows an Aventador would 3
Lambos in the same Road
that's awesome oh look they came in
front of me to take photos under how
get out my way I have something to talk
about and it's just been playing in my
mind so much and I thought I'd share it
with you guys because I tried to share
all my thoughts with you and it's in
relation to the light can we saw today
now that light can pull Walker himself
and Samy and it's just crazy to see like
I know everybody always is like they
want to like reach success and fame but
at the end of the day like we're just
all human like his life went like that I
mean rest in peace to him but it's just
like mad you would not expect it like
for a young guy like here he was healthy
and everything but at the end of the day
we're all just human and anything is
possible like I could not be here
tomorrow I could have a heart attack
right now while blogging it's just crazy
to think like obviously you don't want
that to happen
you're always like want to be healthy
and living a happy life but just like
man anything is possible I don't know I
was just in my head playing around I
thought I'd share with you guys and yeah
just live your life in the moment guys
like really should and you'll see you
guys some more for another awesome vlog
I think after tomorrow wait it's either
tomorrow after tomorrow that we're doing
that awesome Lamborghini test drive so
I'll see then yellow yellow stay awesome
everyone bye
