okay I just opened the door and there is
something in front of it I know you love
mangos this is from everyday stuff oh
thank you so so much guys Toby this
isn't for you this is mangoes that's
really sweet by the way there's a huge
storm as you can hear Wow all right let
me go show my sister what we got
hey guess what look who we got at the
door today we got a mango a mango don't
worry she'll be videos of people open
Incan spiders yeah and they have spiders
in them that's the exact same thing I
thought when I saw it but don't worry
it's a mango and is I'm going to cut my
hair so you guys there hey it's going in
the fridge for now let me get eat it oh
okay is a mango mummy I'm not going to
lift a tissue I'm not gonna lick this
issue I've seen it
oh it has a face on it that is awesome
look alive thank you so much for the
mango that's a great way to start the
day
anyways I never got to introduce today's
vlog yo yo yo everyone how is it going
I'm actually on my way to have a haircut
right now and I spied that little
surprise at the door before I started
today's vlog anyways today's vlog not
today's vlog today's weather is unlike
any weather I've seen for the past
couple of weeks in Dubai is cloudy and
it's about to storm down with rain I'm
pretty sure you heard it at the
beginning of the vlog look at all of the
clouds guys that is pretty much gonna
mean that it's gonna pour down with rain
it already is kinda but very light I
think it's gonna pour down even heavier
and
as I said let's go get my hair cut and
look on hundred today put on the brake
press the start a boy I think this is
the first time I'm going to be using my
windscreen wipers in a long time anyways
let's get headed off one two three
handbrake down and we are ready for
liftoff
look at this guys look at this it's
pouring down rain right now
oh yes libery road conditions for the
wind time to clean off the rain who miss
doing that used to do this every day in
London
alright let's go get my hair cut guys
and see how it turns out peace o Allah
here you go guys just got my fresh trim
it's really short I kept telling him to
go shorter and I kind of messed up
myself I'm so itchy right now I want to
run into the shower and something I've
noticed and tell me if you guys noticed
this as well why do people drive so
crazy
when it's raining like brah it's a
puddle it's not a mountain they think
you can't do over a puddle it's like
this it resisted like it's this object
you just can't go past it's just a
puddle it's like more like not even like
a huge puddle a huge puddles are
annoying sometimes but there are puddles
this big and people were like anyways
let's go take a shower because my body
is itching so badly right now but before
I do let me show you kitty and bubbles
new room check this out you ready to see
their room boom is there any lights here
there is a light here look at that the
cat wall of favours started we've got
the three pictures that people gave us
and we put them on their wall pretty
cool I can imagine one day this whole
thing is going to be covered alright so
there seems to be three guys outside now
and yeah let's see what's up okay I
think they're going to ring the door
anytime soon thank you I think they not
hello what's up man what's up how is it
going how are you guys YouTube fans
follow me
okay you guys have fun yeah what is the
try you can guess on what's your name on
YouTube we have to change it so yeah
okay um yeah just let them know when you
get one thank you so so much so yeah
yeah these guys just came by they
actually added money to the collection
as you can see which is there's two
looks in there right yeah there's one
for China is it Chinese and then one
Persian money which is real what's the
Chinese one named Eli you won you won
and Rio so that's pretty dope but yeah
thank you so so much for stopping by
thank you I really do you like my
haircut yes no yes yes you guys they are
high-five around yes sorry the money
dead like I got eyes on their life so
there's going to be a slight change of
plans for today guys basically now when
we took Katie to the Vatican see she's
here she's actually kind of sick now we
took her so that the chance of her
infection would be much lower however
unfortunately it looks like she did get
an infection which isn't too bad cuz
she's not going to die or anything but
that just means that it's just gonna be
a bit more pain for her anyways me and
my mom were gonna go get her medicine
now but look what shirt my mom's ring
she's got the yo-yo squad shirt that one
of you guys sent she's ripping the squad
today yoga squat til I die and is that's
gonna get ki her medicine let's turn off
the lights and go oh I'm scared of the
dark
like a ghost darn it we made it to the
pharmacy too quick I don't even get to
enjoy the song anyways let's go get
Kitty or medicine mommy more what is uh
I finally ended up getting the medicine
kitty needs it's in that plastic bag you
got something very similar they don't
have the exact one but yeah they don't
have the exact and she infection Airy
thing but they had something really
similar that work so can't complain I
think I just found a miracle guys so you
guys know kinder right the chocolate and
the face of kinder has always been with
this kid this white kid it's always been
the same thing but I just wanted
something different there's a new kid in
town what what look at him look at him
he's completely different and it's a
miracle yes take over take over we want
to see something new so look I picked
myself up guys some Mentos and a diet
coke you probably know what that is used
for now I'm not sure if you guys have
seen if you mix these two you pretty
much explodes and I've never done that
so I might do that tomorrow morning and
yeah
sure it's gonna probably turn out
horribly wrong but let's try I do get
the garden I actually really really love
my car I don't even know I I think I
bought the perfect one for myself so my
sister is the one that's going to be
doing key surgery on her as you can see
we bought some band-aid simple band-aid
bandages I don't even know but yeah we
have dr. Elanna in the building ready to
operate it oh my god she's gonna kill
you
this is going to hurt all right doctor
all right what's the chances of her
surviving what are the chances you have
no idea what your murderer okay what are
we doing here to be fine okay this is
just for hygienic purposes all right
steady hands doctor steady hands Oh were
you something to mix it with Oh dr. Lana
in the building yeah I don't think what
the hell bro what the hell are you doing
are you trying to I trying to burn her
bomb now what that I'm starting to hate
my haircut now guys I don't know why it
makes me look like a pineapple I don't
want my hair cut now I think it's way
too short you know there's this dream
pineapple head dish oh he messed up my
hair man yeah okay doc what's happening
now that's it and then just one that
okay we need to bring her in bring her
in to the medical station right there
Hey hey Kat come come on we need we need
you in the medical room why is he
complaining
how does he know okay come come on come
on kitty
by the way if you're someone that
doesn't like this type of stuff I advise
you go off now and come back in like 30
seconds I'm guessing that's when it's
gonna be over would you stay it's gonna
sting a little key holder refresh your
scratches you know enough that said and
then to tape oh okay good job guys that
was yeah I know it's like operation is
over I said I was just looking and my
heart was beating like I was stressed
out just watching that but that was
scary man that's a scary situation even
though it's like something minor just
like hearing her like me oh it just it
gets to me does get to me guys I'm not
sure if you can see that do you see the
outside for two days the same cars come
in front of our house if it's one of you
please tell me it's getting kind of
spooky places Susan that one return of
the life instead you never face comes in
a without a friend I just like stops
talking no blinds and these cops say hi
to me I stress they wanted to like I so
flash I can they see me I'm scared that
I'm backing out I'm backing up man right
at scooters I'm running already
it's a lost night guys
the same car the same car came at like
one o'clock now go sharp is something
similar
1 c1 sacrum what's it what's it the Fred
game there's another car do you see that
guys there's another cab robbed right so
this is getting like even maybe they are
waiting for a friend to come all
together that oh I see shadows Toby go
defend us Yusei told me to throw you out
too oh he's right you okay I'm gonna go
see what's going on outside cuz I think
the second car left did the second one
leave yeah the first one's still there I
can't let's see what's up alright I'm
gonna keep the lights off because I
don't want them to see inside that's
that it will win now I'm gonna go look
through Oh God
they are both gone that is kind of
spooky not going to lie no I know it's
just like something you guys taking
pictures of the car that's a Kaiba
imagine it's not like imagine somebody
seriously just spying on me or just us
not even me just the house who knows who
knows so something I really pride myself
on about is that I think I'm generally a
really fair person so if you give me
something I'll give you something back
and the reason I'm saying this is
because you guys have all seen my intro
and I absolutely love it now three
months back some guy made me that intro
and I never got to thank him enough
because it was really really nice intro
and I did give them like a mini
shout-out back then but I wasn't bigger
all on YouTube so today I kind of want
to surprise him he has no idea that I'm
doing this and I saw he made a new
channel because I've kind of been
following him on the low without telling
him so huge shout out to his channel
which is nad Bosch I'll show you right
now here you go and yet this guy made me
my intro like two months ago it's
absolutely amazing and I thought I'd
repay him by just giving him a small
shout-out so check out his channel I'll
leave
in the description and yeah I thought
that just be generally a nice act of
kindness because I love that intro to
this day and I think you put a lot of
effort in it making it for me when you
really didn't need to so yeah thanks man
if you're watching this I really
appreciate it and I just appreciate all
of you because you're all helping me out
by sharing the channel watching the
videos and leaving nice comments anyway
something else I need to say is I know
this is like a cycle for me once in a
while like I need to start exercising
again but I really think that I'm losing
myself like I'm not really gaining too
much weight but my fitness is dropping
to a point like if I run up my stairs I
start like breathing heavily so I think
every single day I'm going to try and do
like 30 push-ups not something
unrealistic which I don't like I won't
stick to so I think we should start
right now
here goes nothing boys I'm gonna try and
do 30 back-to-back it's not a lot for
somebody who's bit but for me it can be
very hard let's go
oh my god
oh my god I did 22 okay small break it
I'll do eight more yes let's go that's
nice oh okay no it's not going anymore
oh oh boy I'm unfit Oh although I can I
go up okay
caught my arms I did okay eight more
cowboy you can do vision thank you what
oh oh my god I can't do I can't do 30
crushers okay I promise you my heart or
this section of my body feels like
you've dropped like a whole piano on it
oh my god I am so unfair I think I might
actually sign up for a gym because it's
kind of gotten ridiculous I know I've
said this before and I've never stuck to
it you know it's actually hurting me
really bad like this area the fryin
today's vlog I want to try the mango
that one have you put in front of our
door today with its little cool face
don't worry guys I know the people so
that's the only reason I'm eating it oh
yeah look at it looks so cool and fuzzy
OOP it's a mango I love mangos though
and this looks like a really like fresh
one
okay let's cut it up mummy let's cut it
up wash the fruit I'm suffocating now
help me okay here comes the murder of
the mango are you ready to die are you
ready I'm sorry guys close your eyes
guys close your eyes you don't want to
see this Oh
oh my god no no mommy Oh anyways guys
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here I'm
not sure if I mentioned but our friend's
wedding is actually tomorrow night and
we're all gonna go there it's gonna be a
really nice hotel I'm gonna
I'm record as much as I can without
obviously intruding their privacy and
stuff maybe just record the hotel and
some of the friends that want to be on
the vlog but yeah it should be really
dope regardless and ya ready to stay
happy positive and amazing anyways I'll
see you guys tomorrow for another Frey
ballistic vlog stay awesome everyone
yelling oh no don't forget that bye bye
