yeah everyone good morning welcome back
to another vlog so today is a very very
special day my boy Ross had just came to
my new house and he just pulled up in
his new Lambo good you like it bro
my boy just one up everybody on YouTube
you're gonna make me stop car vlogging
if you keep on making cool cars like
this I'm out of the car game that's it
when he kicks Dubai money kicks don't
forget the baby's on the car man what do
you think more you like this are it
loose talk about in wall guys raw shit
is killing the car game for everybody I
call you my car let's go let's go
do you trust me your dad's car I trust
you man you're the man he's the man of
the course in YouTube okay videos no
more is that man or shits bad if you're
watching this I'm gonna go no pressure
where's the key you're driving
oh god I think I know what I'm doing can
I put into this more mud
yeah yeah where's your dad's car all
right
whoa hey guys here goes nothing
- to discard strong Allah I never knew
this girl's nuts
sorry my father sorry sorry I'm saying
how this comes only 3000 kilometres it
says warning speed to be a boss not
going fast you're not going fast alright
model of my father will kill me if you
watch this video I love my boy rock shit
here's the only 50 year old I know which
gives you a Lamborghini so you don't
know I can't drive you take it I'm 15
years old why you have to have license
18 so a team I'm gonna have a crazy
this car is great I will so we are
officially back with the Lamborghini in
one piece there you go
Russians that if you're watching don't
worry I was going very safely guys down
this car looks beautiful guys look at it
anyways there you go that is Russia's
new ride it looks insane guys just
having it here damn damn oh ok so wrong
shit is gonna put the roof back on the
Lamborghini you know what you're doing
I'll do it you know I'll do it you own
the Lambo yeah a pig Lamborghini
so more on that pink Lamborghini the
exact same for the Roadster yeah half
the roof is on so the Lamborghini has to
half sir roof sure that's cool right
yeah that's a nice I like that sorry if
one person wants the roof up you can
just take off we can do that it's legal
baby baby baby for now the car is going
peace out no don't change the colour
look who knows so this car is only gonna
be this color for like a day no come
back
goodbye bro that car is insane
nobody texted me he didn't go he's like
that I was going off so after the next
day the security not him the security
that crimes don't wash it you have to
move the rock the crazy thing is as cool
as the rap is on the car wash his dad is
making him take it off in two days he's
given him a time limit bro you know I
like that yes it's my Corvis I don't
like the Venus youtubers move guys
nobody has a better vlogging channel
check out the content you living in
Dubai hey I think it's a dream come true
I actually feel really nervous because
in two days time we're playing
basketball in front of 10,000 people I
gotta show you how I shoot
we're ready it's okay okay that's
creating guys that's training it's okay
celebrate success the right way
celebrate success the right way
Oh hahahaha oh my god brother looks so
good yo listen now that you've seen
Russians new car we quickly came out to
celebrate by having some desserts oh no
I'm going for a the money kicks
milkshake just came of my god
so before we leave look who we met hey
let's know what's up guys
who's better me Russian a few moments
later
bro-bro it's Christmas soon are you know
excited bro
I'm excited chatter - everybody Merry
Christmas are you gonna get me a
Christmas gift how about this convince
your dad to give me boom game
whole lot of games sure oh by the way
guys if you don't know who he is that's
probably a good sign
high voice ooh today has been a crazy
day but just to end it off the right way
right now we're actually gonna go over
to see Amana and marijuana and TK and
salt babe I feel like I'm wrapping the
end of today right you're gonna go have
dinner with nano because it is our last
day here in Dubai so your school and
everybody man we love you guys but right
now we just made you guys with my boy TK
brother-in-law the brother hey what the
hell was that for
alright guys so we're here at this
anyways that's all saying guys all my
boy - game
most of the pictures say he's my
brother-in-law
and I think it went badly just a little
just a little misunderstanding but you
know what let's leave it like that guys
just let it marinate you guys figure it
up figure out what's going on basically
a lot of people thought he married my
sister Lana but I would like to live a
joke because he's a man his brother so
it went wrong yeah guys he sees live
believe what you additionally thought
that's right a few moments later all
right guys we're saying goodbye to Nana
tickets
outside I'm gonna be back I'm still not
gonna know how to blog because I always
get too close to the camera blog so
there you go boys right now we just said
goodbye to Amanda and everybody else
honestly I'm gonna miss them so so much
all jokes aside
they were super super old I know you
guys are gonna spam out the comments I
know your girl is leaving now chill guys
chill chill chill but yeah anyways we're
heading out by the way this is marijuana
Lamborghini it's just parked outside
here I really like looking at Lambos I
just feel like they look so cool being
guys for now I am heading home because
we have a flight to catch guys so let's
go this is the road or on a tight
schedule right now I just wanna say I
love you guys so so much thank you for
always supporting me on the channel guys
briea guys I'm gonna end of today's look
here if you're new around here make sure
to subscribe and yet stay tuned because
me and my boy are shed we're going to
America so the device are going to be in
America very soon again so hey I love
you guys though I'll see you tomorrow
and as always yeah Liana
