hey grumpy what is love he's leaving in
front of your car
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today or right now right she going to
get my sister's car cleaned we haven't
done it for a long time
grumpy are you gonna let us go what's up
man what's up I'm your friend we're
friends okay bye-bye we're not friends
anymore but yeah my sister's car is
absolutely filthy guys like what did you
see all of them white dots that's mud
okay we need to get this car cleaned as
soon as possible because of all the rain
and yeah you can start heading out today
ready let's go by the way grumpy is just
patrolling the streets today yo what's
up man come back come back
Hey
anyways we're gonna drop the car in now
guys and go inside and see what's up
over there
yeah back at my favorite carwash alright
boys so I know you guys been waiting for
me to show you the lineup over here so
let's get straight into it so we
actually saw this car last time the
classic Ferrari then we have another
Ferrari not bad not bad two Ferraris
next to each other then we actually have
a really cool Range Rover Sport loved
this car and okay I want to get onto
this car because last time you guys
killed me because you're like whoa you
did a focus on the lichen you ignored
the lichens already really sorry guys
remember I told you that this was the
one that was actually in the movie and
they like ran through buildings with it
and stuff like that you can even see the
mirror has been like ripped off doing
that stuff and even the interior has
been mashed up like no show how well you
guys can see that the interior is like
torn to bits but some other really
really cool cars over here we actually
have a four or five eight as you can see
there you go and next to it is one of my
favorite cars the gt3 RS so not a bad
lineup at all over here really really
amazing cars and I completely forgot we
have a white Rolls Royce which is really
really awesome so yeah as you can see we
finished up at the car wash and we're in
the car heading off open
and that's why we're rushing off right
now because there's a lot loud it's not
ringing fully and as you can see we're
trying to get all this is possible right
now so yeah we should be there soon Oh
for thee and I just hope it doesn't
start raining like a cloudy
anyways boys we made it home more
quickly actually gonna go grab the cover
for this car and put it on because as
you can see it's a bit cloudy in the sky
and we don't want it to get dirty
because tomorrow we're going for this
event with the car so you know trying to
keep it clean for now my mom and grandma
are actually not home right now we have
to open the door for once we're learning
how to use a key alright let's go
it's so dark it's not even that late
guys oh it's like we're in a ghost house
cracking a crack you guys oh okay now we
have some life and look at what we're
popping out after ages you guys remember
this bad boy do you remember it
we used to cover the car with this every
single day anyways let's go put this bad
boy on the car and we need to head out
to go to the central post office cuz we
got lots of stuff from you guys that are
stuck in customs Joe hurry up let's
quickly cover it so we can go see you
soon buddy see you soon for now you're
gone it's stuck under your plate yeah
there you go and there you go boys the
car is gone I actually really missed
this kind of look it has to it when it's
covered it looks funky right so as I
promised you guys yesterday we're going
to cut to yesterday's section of the
vlog which I didn't show you basically
we went to edge mod for like a meeting
and ended up doing loads and loads of
cool things so we're going to cut back
to that enjoy it is absolutely amazing
and if you're wondering why I'm wearing
the same clothes it's because the clips
are from yes
so I hope you enjoy it smash the like
button if you do and then we'll be back
to continue today's alright peace
alright so I made ours I mean guys this
is so ton he's really cool we're talking
about some big news is actually
happening on Friday so expect something
really really cool but for now we're
going for a drive in a SLS yes so let's
go for a hectic drive alright let's go
so there's actually something special
about this SLS which so Tom wants to
tell you so what is it
this car has long tube headers okay I'm
tuned I'm somebody else custom tune we
tuned it for a decibel spin day that
means there's a lot of power in this car
so let's go over to drive and see what
it is basic terms it's going to go very
fast all right here goes nothing boys ah
whoa hi
let's go we're in the SNS right now I
want to show you the interior and it's
really cool something I love generally
about Mercedes guys is these like the
fans look like you know them air
turbines which is really really cool so
here goes nothing boys oh I ready my
dear Freddie
buh-buh-buh
what
my heart well there you go guys that is
I think the fastest of every room was
boss this car Wow alright guys that was
an insane ride amazing stuff there one
more look at the interior but for now
I'm gonna hop out wow that one
acceleration showed me my whole life
like my whole life flashed between my
eyes there I'm actually going on a ride
in this Gallardo super trehala trilogy
I'm so bad at pronouncing names but this
is the only white one in the Gulf region
overall there's like 150 should be
awesome let's go for a quick ride inside
this bad boy oh my god let's go
so this is hot it guys and he owns this
car so I thought it'd be best for him to
tell you about the car so what is it
okay sure it's got the Gallardo so put
your face to Daddy hi they made the 150
of those cars and they give it to
selected people I append them on their
previous super car collection now this
car is completely built for racing yeah
and the tracks I sorry here so basically
this is why the whole car is made of
carbon fiber why I see the whole thing
show them why look at this holes Spanos
I carbon fiber complete carbon fiber
package the more you say is I'm scared
like if it just sounds faster and faster
hurry time jumps and people actually
think that the edge is going to break
because it switches that which I shall
record the street or my face but it's up
to you okay let's get them to see the
street guys here goes nothing you ready
yeah
make a difference
Wow there's a lock on this car they are
a thousand insane ride
oh yeah but with this gun Wow yo that
was an insane experience right there
guys I swear like today my heart is
gonna level up like it's gonna get more
resilient to things like this because
trust me when I say this bad boy was
fast
Wow like now when I look at Gallardo and
I know this is a special version and
can't compare to normal ones but it's
just giving me like a whole new
perspective of galosh books are actually
gonna go for a ride in so tongs GUI go
right now and this car is really really
special I'll tell you that a couple of
ways number one I thought it says off
Lin's here and I also like what is that
apparently the off Lin's it has Orleans
suspension and that is no regular
suspension you actually cannot even buy
that like unless you have like these
suspensions are an Aventador Xin
Bugattis and P ones and you will never
find it on a normal G Wagon like this
unless you specifically get it so that
is really cool we're actually gonna go
for a ride and apparently you could like
fly over bumps and not even feel them
which is super cool so yeah alright
let's go for a ride woo first ride in a
Guin
one thing I actually have never noticed
about g-wagen is you're actually really
really high in the road like our Range
Rover I don't think it was this high
like I feel like on the top of the world
right now so that's really really
awesome
anyways look at the view you get by the
way guys the suspension means that it's
going to be really smooth on a speed
bump as you can see oh my god but there
you go
that's like just to show you how good
the suspension on this car is like we
went over a speed bump 70 kilometers an
hour which on my car there would be
nothing left like the Mustang is gone
but we were gonna remember these another
test on the bump guys oh my god oh my
god oh you're flying rise also see the
things that I nothing Wow
it's like a straight road speed bumps in
this car nothing that we're coming up to
on
I got scared
check out the drinks over here guys wow
they're actually steaming look at that
I'm gonna see this
wow it's bubbling yeah does it give it
color noticed okay Wow no you give it
back because unlike it twisted you know
we need to mix it you know what this
white thing now they call it dry ice Wow
yeah so she's the one she's making you
know we came to this burger joint and
look what they have they actually have
like colored burgers which is really
really cool like look at that they've
got a pink burger or orange burger and a
green one that is really really awesome
really cool stuff over here anyways guys
we're gonna head off home now we had our
little being over here really really
awesome cause we checked out as well I
start my car and recently start beeping
a lot do you think it's cuz the door
look it says yeah it's the door it's the
door snow even the alarm I don't even
know what it's annoying that's what it
is that's what it is I need to go fix
that anyways let's go yo I saw I've
never been so scared in my life like
that was madness I guys I've been in the
Gottis but you never been that fast like
I was that was just insane so I'm
actually gonna head up to the central
post office by myself guys I've actually
got the slips I need you choose these
two so let's go pick up the stuff that
went through customs and see what that
is and then I'm gonna go pick up my mom
and grandma because they weren't
shopping on like the other side of Dubai
to where we did which is like half an
hour away and that's where I'm picking
this stuff up so kind of it makes sense
to do that while I'm there so anyways
let's head out with my car right now get
this bad boy turned on I've got a load
of snacks for the way they're got these
had a load of them yesterday
my car's like a food machine over here
let's close the door I had some really
cool information to share to you guys
because
this morning I was actually mentioned on
the radio and I'll tell you how it
happened one of you guys actually
mentioned me
basically the radio said like the radio
station said all guys cool in and tell
me what you do when you're bored you
know the standard radio stuff and one of
you guys one of the unis concluded and
said I'll watch roblox and tomorrow
sat-nav I'm trying to say story right
here okay but yeah one of the guys said
I watch boatloads which is really really
awesome I wish I could get so I don't
know I don't have a recording of it but
what if you guys do please send it in
like I'd be so awesome to see but yeah
thank you thank you for mentioning me
once you get like the chance they're
cool man I'm gonna be honest I'm super
annoyed right now you know when your
sat-nav tells you to do something dumb
like so dumb it told me turn right and
then turn left I turned right oh you
went the wrong way you told me to turn
right it told me to turn right to go to
a road that doesn't even take me the
right way and then now let look at this
look at this BS please I have to take a
u-turn and go back onto that busy road
which I was already on kind of
progressing and now I have to go right
where I started again and as as if I
wasn't late already you know what I
think it's confirmed like I've got 15
minutes to get there 15 minutes and it's
like at least 15 minutes away without
traffic so yeah pretty much screwed I
don't think we're gonna get the packages
today so sorry so annoying all right I
think I just about made it please please
please please please please can't be
open be open guys it should be open
right now yes
OpenBSD yes ah they they weren't
open guys basically I don't know
I got your five minutes to nine they
technically closed at night I think
because it's the weekend they might
close a bit earlier which I guess is
what it is watch this is like for
Instagram and my youtube channel is not
way I make music videos is amazing
I just finished eating and I met so many
of you cool guys in the food court even
like I think I met about five or six of
you at least we're now in super dry wood
grandma and Mommy as you can see I'm
going to go try some shirts out because
I swear I'm running our shirts to swap
out everyday and I'm just trying to see
if I can get any colors I haven't had
before so close the changing room and I
picked up this one because kind of weird
blue I've never had before so let's see
if he actually fits nicely
I I don't really like either guys I
don't know the thing is it's kind of
like a cheap hooker is just the tag
that's making me itch a lot and I don't
I feel I feel like it's big like I kind
of like the really big one they call
fuel because it gets so hot oh I don't
know for now I'm going to say no for
this let's try a couple more on in all
their stores as well see what's up I'm
gonna nother changing room right now and
I'm more pieces to try and right now so
we're gonna flick through a couple of
these shirts and see if I like any of
the colors okay okay first piece guys I
should really like it okay that's the
success all right let's go to the second
one second piece I'm not too sure it
kind of looks nice but it feels really
tight on the arms I don't know keep this
to the side for now
hi guys my mom approves of this one so
that's two yeses for now I used two
again huh all right that's a wrap guys
success anyways we're just gonna head
off home right now but before we left
you guys know how I feel about my car
key and Granny Moore is also having it
you see here in our hand you know it
runs in the family right now so I know
how much you guys love drama Oh William
Wesley you can never check me back the
banqueting niggas they didn't get the
message
baby felt like I'm on a couple legal
weapon better bad like I'm Jordan 96-97
Oh
and you left the final pass I wanna
see my niggas go say hey hey she likes
your song we gonna smile but your ass my
character yang yo what's up Tony you're
scuttle stop man what's up so here you
go guys this is the new shirt I got and
this is the one I've really okay guys
I'm trying to show you my new shirt and
bubbles over here won't stop playing
with the packet like he just chucked it
on the floor I also got this shirt but I
don't know this one is like it's alright
if you know I mean like I personally
don't like it that much like I like it
but not as much as the one I'm wearing
right now so this is going to be the
shirt light over we're not because I
don't know it's like the color on this
thing is nice it's got dark colors which
I prefer and yeah it's got like a little
bit of flavor in the middle so yeah I'm
going to be over wearing this a lot from
now on properly this one the other one
as I said I'm gonna wear a little bit so
yeah at the moment I need to prepare
some stuff for an event that we are
going to I need to get my GoPro charged
on if you can see it's on its little
selfie stick have I ever showed you guys
the GoPro no selfie stick man put the
camera here and then you fully extend
the outside in a
so you see I have my new camera outside
the car this is why I extend and I kind
of just put this out the window and I'm
like hold it like that I'll actually got
another suction about to go with it this
is like to put it outside the cars but
actually never put it on a car because
I've been scared of fall off but I think
I might try out for the first time so
I've been really really busy today
trying to organize my life but it never
works out and everybody know that
organizing your life never works out
gonna take the swag way out again let's
go alright oh I just realized I still
have the tag on my new shirt you know
it's really funny guys
my mum doesn't even know I'm outside
right now so and she comes downstairs
she might freak out saying when I did
more I get as a car in the road anyways
my neighbors are probably looking at me
like what is this guy doing in the
middle of the night I'm actually outside
because I wanted to wrap up today's vlog
here thought it'd be a bit different
than usual because I always sit inside
at my table when I wrap up the vlog and
I was like now we ain't doing that today
but I hope you have enjoyed today's vlog
I'm sorry it's been really hectic and
all over the place to be honest I've
just been getting myself prepared for
loads of events that are coming up like
next week I think we have three events
and I say events I mean like planned out
stuff so one of them is going to be like
a water activity day another one's going
to be like some classic car event that's
going to happen I've been invited to
like the premier so it should be really
really cool just be getting my stuff
charged up and memories cleared and
stuff like that so I hope you guys have
enjoyed see you guys two more for a
really really cool vlog and yes stay
awesome everybody yellow yellow
good bye
