hi three two one bolat we're trying to
get out of the window by the way that I
said at that house amazing round to
skateboard Olympics and it's gone
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so this morning me my sister are gonna
go for a quick run and you know cuz it's
sunny outside
I wore a long-sleeve t-shirt it's a bit
baggy I know I know
I owed your side guys do you want to
know what this is a case hold account
for them so they can see it alright
basically guys I'm action what is that
moment what is that are you sure
is that your pants is that your pants
those are my pajamas are you serious I
actually thought you had something like
I had this Luther ah under my shirt
anyways let's go for a run guys I'm
gonna take my shirt anyways how are you
all doing today guys I'm doing good
woke up pretty early today nine o'clock
that's early for me and yeah we're going
for a run who would think that Moe would
be on there running spree to be honest
my sister's not even gonna do the proper
lap anymore she refuses to go around the
whole area because last time was too
hard and too painful for her like
breaking
that's how it's supposed to be though
guys when you exercise you have to eat
no pain no gain
you know what it's right guys all right
at least we're doing something all right
let's get on this run and yeah see you
on the other side which is death all
right let's go so we just start running
cuz I had like my head start hurting I
don't know what it is like it just feels
like a thump in my head and my sister
told me a brilliant reason she said
maybe your brain is not getting enough
oxygen as if running would stop the
oxygen going into my hand I could be
legit who knows last knowing the
connotation
anyways that is the wrapper for on guys
oh we did that box also I just want to
say something if you were wondering how
I got them clips - my sister running she
was always running at a constant pace
like she wasn't slowing down and I had
to keep sprinting in front of her
filming her she would pass me that I'll
pick up the camera hood run anyway so
her home now renovating a shower and
continue today yeah we were Sophia
aren't we guys let's go
this actually annoys me so badly there's
one piece of hair anyways right now me
and my should start going to check the
peel boxes again so you guys know what
that means
another mail time video I absolutely
love doing them you guys seem to like
them so let's see what we get today it's
been quite a while it's been a while
you're Scott since with our fan mail so
who knows it could be a lot so you know
just in case because her car doesn't
have a boot let's take my car there
could be like a five meter box in there
so yeah new song alert guys okay it's an
old song but yeah now drop in an angry
but if I listen to music at this volume
like my favorite music he will turn it
as community cloud base you know your
how loud is playing the music right
oh you're back raining I want to go out
with my car god I don't think it's heavy
rain
it looks really cloudy don't I look at
the sky you know yeah possibility okay
well you're back boys back for some male
I'd be surprised if we don't have a lot
because you haven't actually been here
for like a week and a half and you guys
know it gets pretty hectic when we don't
come for a weekend off the time we've
all been waiting for let's see what do
you even do okay Jam Hut jam-packed oh
you reckon it's falling out yeah pull
pull
what the hell one week guys it's just
one week by the way checking their stuff
on the other side
alright guys so we got a couple of
packages the rest is in that bag but
we're actually going back in because I
was worried that we dropped some of our
pieces back inside so they're just
quickly checking it for us because you
know the little box gets pretty full and
when we're trying to take it out I'm
worried like it falls in I totally love
them I might put like flailing for you
guys on YouTube when your car is like so
cool like it's like the beat out of the
bass when it comes who God is Shopping
Park Knicks is such a beautiful korma
look at this okay so I don't know why I
kind of just felt to come and look at
these Bugattis guys so yeah we're doing
that let's go home this is the shore
entrance no okay this is not the
entrance the entrance is around this is
the entrance I'm guessing guys so all
honestly guys I just came over here to
look at these two bad boys over here my
sister loves this colorway by the way
the red boo right there you go that's
your birthday surprise take it next year
don't worry I'll somehow I'll somehow
get this for you imagine guys it really
does look gorgeous this colorway dancing
the red and black look at the interior
of this bad boy
Oh cream and the reason it looks so good
like I've always said just I like two of
the same car next to each other now over
here you can see the silver and light
blue one not bad not bad you know just a
couple bugs out here squash the bug I
like this one guys tell me which one
would you choose
blue or red anyways except for the
device not bad line up guys there's
actually a lot of cars over here let's
see what we can find
I saw a really special one over there I
have no idea what this is like when you
don't know a car you know it's probably
special it's called a am echo AM echo
it's good Noble in the front it says
Noble but what is this car guys like
what the it's like an unknown thing to
me it says Noble like the badge says
nibble okay let me know in the
conversation because it looks like it's
fully carbon fiber do you even know what
this car is yeah me neither like that
that's how you know it's something
special like when I have no idea what it
is it must be something special
anyways gorgeous lineup of cars over
here I just felt to see the Bugattis one
of my favorites is the Aventador anyways
let's say goodbye to this bad boy
lonnis next birthday somebody just bring
her that okay promise yo Scott you need
to promise us that one of you will get
her that that that hug imagine like you
know that Bo you have like my new baby
imagine doing that one of these one day
that'd be so awesome
hi let's see you soon Bugatti let's see
you soon
you
yo did you guys catch that exhaust
system so cool oh my god that was so
much louder girl I'm like I instantly
know you guys are not gonna get like the
real effect it was like like a bullet
like a god the coolest exhaust MLA right
I just saw the car and it looked so
amazing I'm like y'all clever guy nice
to see what's up and then you start
doing I really did all right we finally
made it home guys what an amazing way to
start the day I swear that has made my
day seeing the Bugattis and that
beautiful Porsche like what like how
does it I sir when you're in Dubai every
day you see something cool like it's
just amazing anyways let's close the
boot and go inside to open up the mail
I'm going to be completely honest with
all of you guys we're about to do the
mail time but we're only going to open a
couple of pieces because we have to
actually be somewhere I'll explain why
it's because of something big that's
going to happen
but let's quickly get into this we're
going to take a couple of your packages
outside and open them so yeah random
selection
I'm definitely picking this big one
because it looks really cool and my
sister's gonna pick a couple and yeah
let's get to opening it look at this
guys we got some cat food delivery Wow
so much cat stuff anyways I think
there's a bit more coming in it's a lot
of cat stuff guys
oh yeah hey I'll let you take it
Wow I don't know why our cat needs so
many things guys that's a lot of coins
in there Mahmoud the hell I know we're
supposed to do smell time outside guys
but it's way too hot and I prefer over
with AC so we're doing the first note
I'm in my sister's room we've never done
this before
alright so essentials of doing mealtime
a knife and that looks to have a lot of
coins in there yeah
just coins kitchen
tax notes don't gags and we don't have
dogs yeah wait really that's open with
care wait something's going on in here
guys there's notes in here okay you can
open that do not rip but you're not
ripped let's be careful Oh guys check
this out
imagine if there's like a hundred
dollars in there no okay it's not a
hundred dollars but dimes whoa guys guys
you guys give it like a what this is one
person this is a lot guys like seriously
oh my good luck wow thank you so so much
I appreciate they all look like they're
from India and one from Malaysia right
India uh he's now officially gotta I've
got the ultimate Indian money collection
now thank you so so much
that and secondly twins we have a pouch
for the coins here open your hand so you
can slow oh wow that's a lot crack you
mate what's going on here so thank you
so so much to my man for sending those
things by and yeah he told me more you
need to hurry off of a Down manipulation
so I won't do man this is definitely
going in that collection video it's
actually gonna be massive so I call me
for that video what is this maybe this
is the dog tag
yo I'm rockin my pen on my neck my pen
on my neck I think it's a pen yes it is
a pantsuit listen all right we
appreciate very for the really awesome
gifts you know we got it CDs at the USBs
and the cool chain so yeah thank you my
man you sent me the $1 huh the $1 okay
wait what he send the $1 to you well
it's my favorite No
that is so cute I love this thank you so
much guys you're so sweet
hey you sent me one dollar to you yeah
yeah wait I have to read on it oh my
after your mother says cuz I'm gonna
gives away what's in it all right thank
God some gift
whoa oh my goodness look at this
I got some badges guys open a number
they enjoy watching your videos oh thank
you they sent you an elf Rolando has
pins with coach oh my god thank you this
is so quick matches my room
Oh more vlogs check this out guys oh
yeah so many like pins here look at that
these are dope we got Yolo Yolo he said
that would you pin them on to a board
and they are also black Magnus this is
imaginary this is your face oh thank you
this is so cool I love that look at this
Keep Calm because I love you more I
appreciate that
anyways much love to Ahmed and amber we
really appreciate these this is going on
the fridge right before we leave don't
worry I'm not gonna forget this is the
law so we're gonna be opening for today
oh yeah there we go
this is love oh that for you yeah I can
erase it oh okay the big ones for me and
I our boy mobile or just our big package
alright yeah I mean I'm gonna open mind
you open yours that's only fair right
yeah but I need a knife oh you need to
dry up in like hey guys and I please
please the diary ticket be no cheating
ah please breakable I'm sure you don't
know to be happy about the way you're
treating their myth ah the boss is so
hard no look
I'm the one like kick yo hey hey killing
your book I can get the knife is always
three let me open my you gave the knife
away it's too late she does something
about fairies oh you're kidding me dude
get Tinker Bell
oh god why miss seevers my god oh this
is so cute oh okay let me see I don't
even see it yeah it's like it's a fairy
oh wow
there wow so much dough this is so yeah
you have a little child now very child
this is gorgeous as a sleeping fairy I
love this oh hey hey we got guys oh good
guy do not all right look
oh my god seriously yeah I see you know
a good guy don't do that bleep so scary
I thought with a real something like I
just saw us you know that what's going
order
I'm gonna use for prank though whoa
Betty what oh my god you guys have good
taste in music oh look she's got a
proper album bro thank you so much I'm
yeah that's epic man oh my god
alright look at this guy's okay you see
that it's doing that by solar power it
says number one sister so that's for you
oh thank you guys that's the cat lover
one
this definitely mine by the way I guess
this is definitely mine I think this is
your so you can have that thank you so
much
oh wow I love the Disney Princesses
theme
thank you so much Jay and Eric we love
you guys we appreciate or the kind gives
you guys sense even if it meant you guys
sending us a spider it makes a screaming
wah anyways we love you all we really
appreciate it and now we need to head
out we have like a two-hour drive to go
all the way to two cities away not one
city Oh a two cities away because of
some meeting to do with an event anyways
I'll catch up with you guys there and
see what I can tell you alright
let's go mom as promised guys magnets
are gonna go on the fridge so let's just
scatter them around the place Keep Calm
because I love you mo now you have law
to say okay why do we need her face on
my fridge
oh yeah genius hi there you go fridge is
coming along nicely hold up everybody I
know this is a random cut in the vlog
and you're like wait what mo why are you
wearing a white top what's going on
basically this is future mo talking to
you guys I'm actually talking to you
guys from the next day of the blog
you're watching and basically I did end
up going to the other city guys and
blogging but so many cool things
happened and I'm going to show you a
preview after this don't worry that I
didn't feel it fair to put it all in the
mail time vlog in the stuff we've
already done because the video would be
way too long so I'm gonna give your
preview to watch and come back tomorrow
for one of the most insane vlogs you've
ever watched
I'm not lying guys you're gonna see in
the preview I'm about to show you and
often a preview I'll meet you back over
here to finish up the mail time so yeah
I hope I haven't confused you guys too
much enjoy the vlog and I'll see you
tomorrow
peace
mr. day are you ready yeah
so I did promise you guys that once we
got home when you continue doing the
mail time so let's quickly open what is
left there's not too much most of them
are small packages but you know I'm
going to show how long today's vlog has
been so let's get straight into opening
these pieces oh that is so cool guys you
guys took a lot for him in here what is
that ladder look at this psycho huge
ladder in that yeah that's cool just
like a long honey
guy for Wow
that's why for one of the biggest money
collections I so I thank you
I cut the guys you guys I sweet you have
to like I want to say much love to my
boy Alex Mendes for sending this by I
don't know why that name seems really
familiar to me I feel like you've given
me something before but thank you so
much for what these cool nuts really
love it like Theo like this one what
what are some things I don't know I
guess it's like water and you're very
crisp not yeah like yeah like from a
brand new as well Oh guys you really did
this one when I said stick the notes on
and the cones
no no coin coin coins speaking of which
yeah yeah I think you guys will help him
complete it if my viola Jin don't have
every note in the entire world by the
end of the year I'm gonna be surprised
i legit be surprised like and that's
by the way thank you so much MX MX
shallots my brave action there's a toy
what is the toy you broke the toy hmm
yo look I just got 10 ounces of silver
oh thank you so much who is it from
that is awesome Thank You Sarge for
sending those two food pieces in he set
the whole pool toy our one ounce of
silver that's really cool thank you
guys guys that wraps up our mail time
for today I hope you have enjoyed some
cool stuff we got a Trinidad you know
flag going up in here Thank You Leo for
that stuff and yeah I appreciate every
single one of you for sending in the
wholesome stuff see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog stay awesome happy and
motivate everybody yell Yolo bye
