yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today we're gonna start off the day
by me my mom sister and grandma were all
gonna go to this new restaurant that
opened up it's called classic burger
joint it's like this burger place that I
just recently opened up and we're gonna
go see how it is I think would be like a
nice little place for us to have a meal
pattern it's really nice let's go and
see for ourselves
but yeah the birds I swear they're so
loud today and Toby was just around here
but he's gone missing right now by the
way I don't read newspapers but every
day we get newspapers in the post so
let's grab that
what's the news for today you can buy my
baby what the what's going on here yeah
we're not buying your baby guys and
we're putting it back anyways let me go
grab my mom and grandma so we can get
headed over to this place yo okay why
did my mom leave her key outside is
everybody ready to go alright people
come on let's go let's go there's gonna
be traffic we need to eat stop with the
slapping and let's go ho ho ho guys
she's addicted get that phone off of her
exactly good I'm not even letting you
use my charger anyways alright mommy
please everybody is on their phones
right now come on huh what are you guys
doing I need to eat so our brother's
about to switch on the car and there we
go guys
that's pretty loud vomit vomit why is he
doing that that's the reason why he
handed me the camera I knew it there's
something really fishy about that he
doesn't already make me video of it
alright guys let's go let's go we're so
late
Mahmut you purposely made me record you
switch on cuz he knows I hate when he
does that all right guys you know like
I've got some clothes to give to the
laundry
you guys like that wherever it's been a
while since I've done that and you're
watching my own in the cameraman let's
get headed it's actually three o'clock
and I'm starving right now so you know
your boy need to eat so here we are guys
it's this classic burger joint let's go
and see what's up
alright so we're checking the side here
guys let's look at the menu and see what
I want so guys nobody else is looking
through the menu okay let's see what's
up we got burgers I might go for that
classic cheese I think that's like a
cheeseburger but I really like the
interior of this place look at the
decoration they have it's like a I don't
know why it is a Lebanese like franchise
oh it looks like an American type design
don't you think it looks really cool
thank you blue like guys we promise to
always deliver the same great experience
so just so you guys know the concept of
this restaurant which Sam is gonna
actually brief you through it so hey
what's up man how are you and yeah
basically classic good good boy
thank you so much that is also see you
guys I was right when I said it was like
an American flying I knew it all right
my food is here guys you guys can be
jealous until yours comes and yeah I'm
gonna get straight into this
I like okay it's got some spicy sauce
I'm having my fries first I love spicy
sauce by the way guys look who joins us
along is bang special alert how are you
man that's I remember that another girl
another hardware yeah we're gonna have a
killer here Oh Oh check that out we got
special it's really hot wow it's
steaming this is the secret sauce could
I have the recipe for this let's pour
this bad boy on
that looks so satisfying oh my god
ah all right you know that that's it for
me there you go hi so we just finished
having arm you guys and I'm gonna go
into the next nation order ourselves
some dessert thank you over there guys
let's go into next year it's cool
crisscross so yeah let's go have some
dessert over here guys cool
hi sir yo look at this menu guys like
for a second when I came and I thought
was possible it sounds like wait what's
going on over here but that's actually
the menu you can see that is crazy
that's all so all right let's make a
dessert and see what's up over here all
right so I'm going upstairs guys I need
to show you something really cool the
decoration they have over here all right
do you see that right there you're
probably wondering what is that more
that is actually a real bumper from a
Lebanese taxi if you can see under there
it says taxi now rig but that is so cool
like they've actually taken it off and
stuck it to the wall
anyway from up here you can see down
there okay I'm scared of heights so I'm
gonna back up over here well that's also
thank you so so much
I sit at home I feel good saying if this
human alright so we're going up to have
our dessert now let's go
my sister just saw the menu guys she's
like she only left their passports over
here
she stole somebody's boss put it back
put it back can you put back to personal
boss bar over there the date that is
like father's name finish your mother's
and crisscross so there you go guys we
just saw a couple do passports over here
where we're taking them so you know
Maureen official is so good like ahh
okay actually 7 menu so you can't eat
our food too many people but oh yeah now
I just realized if people realize it
that's really really awesome chicken
guys check out this dessert kenapa you
know the thing that my sister normally
has but is shake in a handbag if you
actually hold it I was going to fall out
wow that is epic and we have not hella
sandwiches with whipped cream all my god
guys oh nothing cooking look over have
it guys are having these juices and here
shame very like you know the ones that
they're boys been about like in a long
time ago
and it's pretty cool bit all you do you
take it okay you have to
use precise mathematics to hold it here
all right there we go we got it we got
it
I just love the shape it looks so cool
it looks like you know what you have on
your coconut ring and yours guys I'm
heading off I love it with a good day
hang out Ian eating good seeing all
shala people a nice card in the
description used on with the easy jacket
last time guys I'm sorry brother I
really didn't mean anything under Adam
and it was just the easy jacket astray
on how are you sir fine
appreciate and yes they will see my face
yellow yellow yellow anyways we are back
home now guys look our garden whoa these
flowers have been growing nicely I see
not bad not bad at all anyway today was
really chill hung out was a long you
know I hope you guys remember from the
other vlog we did that day but it was
cool just chilling with him having some
food oh my god I ate so much now I'm
gonna go exercise it off because I need
to go buy my car some sonic which is
that thing basically in Dubai the main
roads they charge you like every
Tollbooth type thing you pass and they
charge you for terms but now my Sonic is
finished and if I don't top it out
obviously I'll get a fine so that's what
I'm gonna do now look at this adorable
dog come on Shawn
oh boy oh my god oh my god look at these
guys this guy is so fluffy
what is up nobody how are you he is so
excited why is he so excited oh look at
it oh my god alright that's awesome guys
there's loads of dogs in our area
getting walked and let this guy's one of
them oh I like
I don't know it'd be like me IRA's John
and Jason I don't know what I've been
told she's running away from me
like yeah I think she's out of breath
listen I actually found something really
really cool while I was in the
supermarket I waited until I got home to
show you when I was young my mum
actually bought me this toy and it's one
of these things now let me know if you
know what it is before I open it
basically you chuck them on the wall and
they like crawl down there is so cool
when I was a kid I love this I'm gonna
give the camera to my mum let's open
this bad boy up basically if you chuck
this at a wall it kind of cruel down
slowly so let's see how this bad boy
works yeah he's stuck one and he's gonna
start falling down oh yeah
spider-man doing his thing Oh careful
spider Oh careful spider-man don't want
to fall off there d I absolutely loved
these toys they're just so fun to play
with you can see our reflections in the
mirror oh yeah me tired man yeah and you
know what's funny guys if you chuck it
to a wall it just completely gets
stucked like that will not move as weird
as the position is that will not move
out over like I don't know how it's so
sticky against walls and I know you have
to actually proper peel it off oh it's
so sticky
all right everybody everybody I need
your attention for a second so look at
this year I need to point this out
because I don't know how you guys do
this my video has been uploaded for 23
seconds okay let's click on it okay
let's click on it all right how do
people manage to get 40 comments in 23
sale I don't even know how look like
legit as soon as the video was out
people commented first like it and the
thing is I'm not mad that all if you
watch the video straight away that's
actually a really good thing
but I want to be first again for what I
just wanted to be first I said I never
thought I'd have to like fight with
people to try and be first like I legit
cannot get first comment on my videos I
just can't do it like
let me know have you guys ever got that
before I found it ridiculous all that
why does everybody care about being
first but I want to be first for once
now I just I just want to upload it and
call it first but by the time I do that
what if you guys are taking it just I
how how how does happen guys so my mom
just gave me one of these cheese balls -
yeah I bought a genius idea I have this
toy gun which is meant for my little
ping-pong boo like this size but I
thought why not try to shoot one of
these outfits sir
let's go ahead and load it again mom I
haven't tried I don't think I get like
this yeah I'll just kill OC right okay
three I'm so scared I'm so scared to do
this I sweat can I do it - you know I
did now what did it go yeah
what did it your hon did it by then yeah
okay you know what whoa it chunks all
part of the cheese board you know what
we're not having that one again I so
cieariy together at yourself god don't
move you it was like I know it's a toy
got it Sonja cheese ball but who wants
to like to shoot anything on themselves
it's nuts
well that doesn't work out and in here
is you know what guys I'm gonna leave it
that brilliant I want more just in a
general direction see if it even goes
because I never saw how it works right
so let's see how this bad boy works
y'all they just completely crushed it
all right this is actually the first
time my grandma seen the ioho
my mom's gonna demonstrate it for us uh
show them how it goes mommy you need my
hand just in case okay here you go
oh yeah what's up what's good in the
hood yo mommy you good
go first come on faster speed it up
speed it up you look like a ghost on
that thing why are you so tense man calm
down calm down relax relax
my grandma's smiling her I mean she's
gonna laugh at her is it difficult you
know I can't I that's enough that's it
you showed your skill you showed your
school you can get up that's good right
great and wait what's oh okay I was
wondering why is it blue behind me I was
on the Segway backwards anyways as I was
saying I actually forgot to buy Pepsi
and Fanta and stuff like that yesterday
so I might use my straight way to go to
the shop so I'll be right back let's go
for a little ride let's go boys goodbye
mommy she went inside alright
whoa this is actually pretty fun once in
a while I love coming at night cuz it's
so empty in the streets like I feel like
this place is abandoned I know there's
nobody it's just me no cars no nothing
no traffic I feel like I could just like
top out my speed on this swegway even
though that's not really that fast let's
go let's go let's go
alright it told me to slow down you hear
that this is what it sounds like to go
max speed guys listen to this
I just made it to the shops what's up
buddy I'm on a Segway All Right see you
later doggy yep man oh man
I'm the jet plane Drake in the middle of
the night in the middle of the street I
love the game William West you can never
check back to back I go on a couple of
Lethal Weapon back to back I come
Jourdain 96-97 whoa guys Lana just met
spider-man he crawls down the window you
kidding but not on the whole he just
gets stuck on walls yeah yeah but
careful because if you put it too hard
the red things come off so like
individually peel them such a delicate
spider-man isn't it I worked from the
shop yesterday and I thought was awesome
they also had a ninja turtle one I have
you told her something like creature boy
yeah my sister came down to she was like
what is that I was like wait what's
going on
yeah just chuck it anywhere I'll watch
him crawl boom and he will eventually
don't worry you tucked in a bit too hard
Oh smack OH oh I love the way he always
somehow hangs on like I think he's gonna
fall
anyways join explain to everybody why
you're wearing an apron guys she doesn't
have to cook don't worry
she has an apron while cooking even
dried on a truffle paint on the second
the first layer it's like becoming more
like really messed up
basically guys painting takes lots of
layers you have to take time to dry them
my grandma's leaving next week no time
to let the layers dry so you skip it
paint on one there she'll just joy you
know you know print the picture and just
stick my grandma really like know she's
gonna be showing it to the family yeah
there's like a lot of the pay is I think
I'm like alright spider-man
she left you there you go it's been a
really long day today I think I need to
treat myself to a little bit of food and
yeah when I wrap up today's don't care
pretty much so I hope you guys have
enjoyed um tomorrow something special
might be happening if it does you'll
definitely know by the title but it's
really confusing because it's not been
organized as of yet so if it does happen
it's going to be dope if it doesn't then
it doesn't but yeah so I'd let you know
that anyways cuz but we really random to
have it and not to have told you guys
about it because it's something I would
normally tell you guys in advance
advance so we'll see anyways I'll see
you guys two more stay awesome everybody
you know I love you all don't be
negative be positive and yeah Yolo Yolo
goodbye everybody Cheers
please
