hey hey
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so I actually woke up really early this
morning if you can see I've got my
laptop with me I'm actually going
somewhere to drop my mom and grandma off
they've got a bit of work to do and I
think the camera place that repairs my
cameras around the corner from there so
I'm gonna go give my camera in for
repair and then after that while I still
wait for them I'm just going to start
editing some videos so pretty busy
morning let's get headed I have no idea
what they're doing they're just standing
there looking at a phone it's not that
complicated to work the phone okay my
momma grandma finally finished up with
their work we came to the canon center
now so let's go see if they will finally
fix my camera up and yeah I hope they
don't charge too much because basically
all of my cameras at the same problem
where I'm kind of like broken the lens
so we'll have to see alright so I just
gave my camera in for a pair of guys and
it should take about a week but
thankfully I do have my backup one which
I'm using right now but I just love
coming to camera shops because of all
the equipment guys I saw it like I
really want to get some stuff but camera
quickly can get really really expensive
like look at this stuff over here they
have like that is a humongous camera
anyways there you go guys I finally gave
my camera in hopefully they can fix it
really really quickly and I can get that
back oh look at this shop look at this
shot oh there's this Naruto stuff it
looks like it by the way I don't watch
Naruto I just know that it looks
something like this I'm not even gonna
lie to you guys I'm not a morning person
that's why I'm so tired so I'm gonna try
and get myself like an ice cream or
something to give me some energy because
I am way too tired right now anyways
let's see what they got I don't even
know what I want anymore you know what
guys I didn't actually end up buying the
ice cream I don't know why like whatever
I could
weird or stressed I always try and like
go to food or snacks to like relax me
and or like make me feel more energized
and I don't think that should be the way
specially no like unhealthy stuff so I
did I'm not buying it I'm just going to
go home probably like wait until I feel
really hungry and actually have like a
proper meal like instead of just having
junk food all day so yeah healthy mode
dynamos about a hard wrap life hey hey
hey that looks he gives you guys okay we
came all the way over to the edge to
solid business center because I wasn't
giving up on my credit habit yesterday
and I'm leaving in a lie I don't
normally complain about the heat but it
is hot I mean a hot hot I'm getting a
headache
the I can't even relight and now that
I'm inside here it's a pretty cool place
look at it they've got like a huge TV
screen playing like Disney stuff and
over there behind my mom they've got
like a coffee shop which my grandma's
sitting at obviously look she's she's
picking what she wants to have look at
it yeah there's nobody there guys I
think they've run to the bathroom and my
grandma is just sitting you're patiently
waiting for them to come back oh look at
this I would accept that that would kind
of defeat the purpose of me trying to
lose weight you know your boy is gonna
hold it in I did end up getting
something for myself guys but it's not
any chocolate type stuff I got myself a
mango like icy drink it's like iced milk
a mango and I can't even lie it tastes
so so good like it's actually really
nice anyways if we're gonna share that
I'm not even gonna have the whole thing
you can see we've got like two straws
going on here here you go guys that
that's your straw
there you go from my grandma
we finally finished up over at their
solar center so they did sort out for me
but they didn't have one 200 dirham card
and look what they gave me instead they
gave me 825 which it's going to be funny
because I ruined scratching that one so
imagine the eight unbalanced Arun won
over this time the problem was last time
I didn't use a coin so that's why it
messed up but don't worry this time
there's no way I'm messing up any of
these anyways let's go it's blowing in
my face by the way check out this
awesome shot Udell of my car in the
business centre guys or the business bay
I think that's what the area is called
anyways also it's actually started
raining so let's go before it starts
pouring down on me like the other day I
don't think you should bring bad because
it doesn't seem too cloudy but you know
just in case alright so just a quick
reminder for those of you who might have
forgot in like 1 hour time I actually
have a meeting with a company sorry
about this I'm just really really
thirsty and basically I love filling up
more from these things it just looks so
cool don't you think
no is it just me anyways that's how the
saying basically the reason I'm being
them is I did say to just say it's
pretty much to help get a bit of the
YouTube stress away from me they're
going to help me manage some stuff and
yes stuff like that it's really basic
I'm just going to go and see if we can I
know come to terms with some stuff it's
so hot today anyways I'm just going to
get ready for the meeting I actually got
a couple questions to write down you
know so I can go there a little bit
prepared and aside from that the best
way to get ready for a meeting is by the
way check that out mol blogs Lana Rose
is to eat everybody knows that you get
ready for a meeting by eating so yeah
what do we have some fresh farm eggs
yeah not bad not bad anyways ok this is
not the section when you're getting
ready for a meeting this is the section
when you're going to get ready for a
meeting snacks
yep now due by the way before I leave I
had to show you something so in this
corner is everything my grandma is
taking away with her a she
leaving next week and she's actually got
a pretty funny souvenir I'll show you
what it is that you know them tiny Pez
things that people have look at what she
went overboard
she bought a huge this is humongous I
don't know what child is gonna receive
this but they better be happy cuz this
looks awesome
what I that's amazing anyways let's get
headed whilst I need I need socks shoes
and let's quickly take a watch from the
watch collection so let's open that up
he what says I mean business
um yeah we'll just go for this is my
favorite show do you okay it's currently
32 past 5 google map says I should be
there in 8 minutes so if that's correct
I should be there 20 minutes early let's
just hope so
okay I bet you up somehow gonna be late
it's always what happens I finally made
it over to the destination I think it's
one of them buildings which I need to be
at like there's a ton of huge buildings
over here in the marina area look at
that anyways let me just double check
that I locked my car yep there you go I
love that feature that is actually a
feature I always use ok now all I need
to do is find a way to cross the street
and find the building yeah that that
would make sense right let's do that
look at this there's one under
construction right now as well
well those buildings are huge I need to
make a quick call because I'm kind of
lost
alright let's see how this goes I'm done
I see shut her tower I parked up is that
close to it okay is it the one that's
really tall I seem to be very close
apparently all I have to do now is find
a supermarket you know the sand is
getting blown into my eyes right now
it's very windy I I think it's supposed
to be somewhere around here pedestrian
war okay at least I have something to
block me from any falling bricks okay I
don't think there is any falling bricks
but just in case oh look at these
buildings being constructed Wow
I'd be scared to work out there look at
the street I am on right now like you
know the futuristic videogames or they
have like a metropolitan see that is
what it looks like there's like towers
not even like building those are the JIT
just hours or skyscrapers should I say
in there when I said there skyscrapers I
really didn't mean it
look at how many floors one okay I got
to my destination all right let's go
meeting is over guys come on come on you
can do this now on the 70th floor but
please get to me within like a couple
minutes okay
seems good please please please yes yes
yes yes okay guys let's go G meetings
over
so are we good Wow very echoey near but
the thing is my parking runs out like
five minutes on come together before I
get fine I've been running to make it to
my car
the party has officially ended I don't
see anybody around my car so I don't
think I'm going to get whoo I'm so
unfair money I breath by the way marina
looks so much nicer at night look at E
the buildings are only up and everything
let's go home it's okay let's see let's
see come on cross our fingers no fine
yes no fine oh yeah okay actually uh
yeah I was only five minutes late not a
biggie whoa
let's take this ticket out I'm so tired
right now today it's been a hectic day
who's flushing the toilet anyways let's
go do some food shopping so I can have a
nice meal at night mummy boys minding
downstairs and yeah we're ready to go
thing might I think granny went to the
toilet I heard of flushes oh yeah look
at these adorable biscuits I'm having
right now they've got like a drawing of
a panda on them you know what I'm sorry
I know they're adorable but I'm hungry
I'm hungry we've actually come to a
different store than normal guys are in
part night next a road but look at this
ditch like yo you could legit just drop
in there oh I feel so risky okay in case
the floor starts falling I'm gonna back
up because I don't know psychic I don't
know what this is by the way is this
like a construction place they might be
like a star up like a construction maybe
they're just digging it oh look at this
oh my good guys that thing in the middle
turns with this you see that okay I got
a move I gotta move anyways alright
let's see this place I've never been
here before I don't know why this is so
fun - rizal just in this section because
my grandma wanted a flyswatter which is
this thing obviously you know just your
standard and then I saw this plumber but
look how fun it is to play with these it
actually proper sticks to the floor
anyway just put this back they have got
the big
Easter Bunny I've ever seen here it's
like the size of the top off of my mom
what that is seriously really awesome
like and they really spider-man mini
Easter eggs I think that spider-man
anyways I saw I absolutely love like
holiday events just because the candies
and stuff because they're really really
cool anyways I kinda cheated myself
today look got myself lots of cheese
balls I love the cheese balls like I was
gonna get this I might put this back now
because I like the ones I like this you
know the circular shape one so I think
this might have to go back I'll see I
might keep both who knows we run into a
little bit of a problem guys well you
have to take this trolley out and Oh
careful careful careful
and it has to be done through one of
these swirly things you know what my mom
did a good job
she made it she made it out
we kind of took the trolley out guys and
now that I think about it I'm not sure
if we were even allowed to we're gonna
take it back obviously don't get me
wrong but we're just in the street with
a trolley and we took it all the way
from care for so it's gonna be a long
journey returning this thing okay let's
take it let's take it it's four-wheel
drive don't worry you can come on the
sand with this thing see four-wheel
drive they all right we made it to the
car I have to push this trolley all the
way back I don't even know why you
brought it we could have just like taken
all the bags
that was a very fast car I couldn't see
it I could hear
I can still hear it and I stopped
vlogging for like ten seconds now that I
actually have some breathing time let me
explain to you what today was a box I
know there's going to be a lot of you
saying your mole you told us you're
going for meeting and you just told us
it's to make your youtube life easy but
what is it exactly so the honest truth
is with YouTube now I'm sorry you guys
don't care but I'm just going to explain
for the people that want to know what's
going on is the making of the videos as
I said isn't the hard part but a lot of
stuff around it for example getting
opportunities to go to places go to huge
events that's something that is like a
headache a lot of the times to store out
planning your dates planning what to do
you know like most of the places we go
at the moment are chill like they're
just like some of our friends like me up
with their Lambos or like stuff like
that but softer events like I'm not sure
if you guys remember I think it was the
one with the flame spear vent or that
one specifically that was like an
external event we still found out
through our like friends but imagine
there could be more of those things
which we don't know about and I would
like to know about so today's mean was
kind of like a team to try and manage
that for me and like manage stuff I can
do that extra stuff better stuff so
that's what it was all about it's like a
management thing that's it wasn't
anything to affect my youtube channel or
content or anything it's just stuff to
try and get like me more opportunities
so that's what today was about as of now
it went good like the people were super
cool but it always comes down to the
contract guys so hopefully it goes
smoothly we can start saying that and
yet might have myself a little
management team who knows anyways that
is that guys but before I in today's
vlog let me go upstairs and show you my
sisters paying now she's actually
working on one from my grandma which I
haven't showed you guys yet so
let's go quickly take a look at that and
yeah I care what's up which means I'm
gonna go over to Ari I don't think they
heard you but she was talking about the
lair stuff still half way because the
dress needs to be orange so you can kind
of see it starting to take shape now you
see how the colors start changing I'll
be putting two orange on her dress by
the way guys that picture my grandma
took off Gugu and she said I want that
so yeah pretty awesome looks close
enough yeah she does she's actually
remind about the dress I thought she
wanted yellow yeah and then when she saw
the umbrella and she's like I think
orange would go so then I'm gonna put
orange over
what are you doing granny more always
changing your mind always changing your
mind by the way guys my sister is
actually heading out right now in their
car okay
listen to this peace and quiet inside
the house she's gonna turn it any time
now and it's gonna blow up like the
noise comes inside from outside I don't
know how but trust me it will okay you
bring loud you can actually properly
hear inside
sorry neighbors we're sorry
nor boats the car okay okay everybody
look what we got
oh my god will you go ice cream here you
go here you go
psych no I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm
kidding
all right I'm joking you can have it you
can have it there you go anyways I'm
gonna wrap up today's about cure guys I
hope you have enjoyed business is
booming
don't forget about that oh joy exercise
I love every single one of you guys and
by the time this video comes out we
actually might have half a million
subscribe what I don't even know what to
say oh
spazzed out light i sir sometimes i did
you just forget about the number until
like it hits a milestone and you're like
damn are half a million people really
like looking at my face like I know it
sounds retarded but others I love you
all can't wait for everything to get
sorted out and yet who knows we might
have big things coming up I mean we
already kind of do but you know it might
take it up to the next level anyways
they also already love you all don't
forget always be happy
yellow Yolo I messed up my eyebrow
eyebrows on fleek bye
