yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so this morning me and my sister are
gonna go for a small little run I stir
every time my sister sees her car dirty
she just wants to wash it but probably
wondering why are you wearing long
sleeve when it's really really hot like
it's boiling her outside today and the
reason is last time I got a ridiculous
tan and I don't want to burn myself
again so you know I prefer Kimbrough
you're getting water on me what the hell
oh you do here here you're caught you're
not even taking it out today why do you
need to wash it she's washing it for the
euro scored that come by and take
pictures anyways we're gonna start our
run soon and yet this time I'm gonna
make her keep up with me we're doing a
whole lap around our area so no you know
short BS like last time damn Daniel no
don't wash but don't touch my car
I know it's filthy right all that
bubbles bubbles get back here he's so
casual he leaves and comes right guys I
that's the type of person he's becoming
all you're getting war on him he's right
oh my god anyways I don't know why
there's something about like you know a
wet card I just look so cool anyways
guys let's get off to running right now
you can see we caused a little flood for
ourselves in front of our Drive but yeah
today as I said I'm taking my sister the
long way around our area so let's see
can you can you keep up keep up can you
and you know that song que si son oh
yeah slow down but let's see if you can
do the hole that my sister run so slow
that I can actually vlog guys come on
man you're not supposed to be able to
vlog and run I'm insulting the running
we're seeing some chance you guys I
don't know what I've been told but
people are staring at me it's really
harming long sleeves I both of us I'm
burned
but just allows me to play some
motivational music guys on Iran so what
better what better music than this work
we reckon
work work work you can see you ding a
speaker real work work all right you see
me I'd be die die die die die dying this
year guys let's shine the air squad
she keeps complaining and stopping come
on do this for the squad and only hear
excuses good curious Cod we don't move
all right let's get back to Ronnie here
and so I lied for the good reason all
right let's go vinyl like 200 years oh
my god oh my god
finally made it home guys aye sir my
lips are so crusty because I haven't had
any more so I'm gonna go drink some more
I have a shower and yeah my sister's
like 100 meters behind me so she'll make
you soon guys they say no pain no gain
but you have to go through the pain to
get the gain my sister's legit is dying
right now she can't even breathe how is
it was it good no I am sweating bricks
right now anyways what a great way to
start the day ice crackles fresh
didn't tell me you're gonna go in the
entire area Irish guys make sure to stay
fit I'm trying my best right now my
sister was like you wanna go for a run
initially I said no but we did it we
finally did it we did a proper run and
yeah we go take a shower now that's it I
know you know if you go past that limit
okay
my face is like so red right now we look
the same color as your lipstick burn me
like I'm so hot right now and you got
some code war in your head
Oh feels refreshing I just finished
taking a shower
I feel so fresh guys but look what my
mom and grandma were doing outside so
they had these like I don't know what
you call these there's some sort of nuts
and they were using this thing it's like
this very sophisticated device and they
were cracking and watch this and then I
think you can take the insides out once
it cracks if you can see that so let's
put it back in there try and crack it
again this thing is really cool I try to
do this with one hand by the way okay
Brown - ah nice one mo we got it you got
the insides and then you just peel it
off the nut and there you go you've got
the insides not bad not bad it's finally
that time of the video for me to show
you my Ralph Lauren collection but
before I do I just want to stay the
obvious I don't have the biggest Ralph
Lauren collection and most of these were
actually gifts so let's get straight
into this and see what's up
I've kind of divided my wardrobe into
two because as Kanye says the same raft
oh it ain't rap though okay this is
Ralph so let's get all these bad boys
out my wardrobe oh okay oh yeah by the
way I forgot to mention I've got a Ralph
Lauren towel and two perfumes from them
so yeah that's just chucked into the
collection so getting started into this
collection I'm just gonna put them out
and about and I'm gonna kind of tell you
I don't know why I got some how I got
some and stuff like that so let's just
check these all over the place I've got
loads of white ones if you can see that
and I'll tell you the story behind that
is also yeah just let's quickly put
these into their categories or whatever
you want to call it and then we can
start off so I'll see you in a second
all right hey so I actually had to
change my clothes into my Ralph Lauren
tracksuit to get all of them to fill my
bed so here goes nothing
boom there you go guys this is my Ralph
Lauren collection so I'm gonna go
through them one by one very quickly go
broody till I've got like six white
shirts or seven and they look very
identical so I'll tell you why in a
second but here you go that is the
collection for now I've kind of pounced
on the top because there's one under
here as well this one if you can see
that but yeah let's quickly go through
these and yeah that is actually not a
bad collection now that I have it all
out so the first thing you guys are
probably noticing in this collection is
there is a lot of white top so basically
I really like white and black tops those
are the two colors I really like but
don't get it wrong I didn't just get
loads and loads of them because of that
nicely a couple of these were gifts I'll
get strained that so this one I bought
myself you know standard white Ralph
Lauren top but then I actually had one
of my friends get me one as a gift which
is still going to tag on it as you can
see so let's put that back in its place
this one I think I got myself I've
really loved like you know the collar
being blue and the number three being
red let's see this was a gift
I think this long-sleeve one was a gift
this I actually bought when I was living
in London we went to central London I
saw it really loved it so I picked it
out and finally let's see which one is
this this one is a oh yeah this one one
of my friends got me I think they
ordered it from online for me so that's
where this came from and that is pretty
much all of the white ones done for now
so there's loads more to go through I
don't even know where I want to start
actually I'm not even going to go
through more of them I'm just going to
talk about these bags for a second
because you know them
perfumes they sell you okay you can
probably tell got a blue one it came
with this bag and I have a red one which
I had to buy for this bag to be honest
if it was not for the bags I would not
have bought the perfume so basically if
you didn't know sometimes they have like
promotions going on where you can buy
like a Ralph Lauren perfume and they
give you a bag so that's how he got
these one of my friends actually really
like the red one so I got him one as
well and I think that's how the towel
came like with another perfume so yeah
they have a really good way of marketing
their perfumes okay this top this is my
favorite Ralph Lauren top I always wear
it in my videos I just love it this was
a gift pink one was a gift this one was
a gift the yellow one this was the first
one I actually ever purchased I remember
where I got it was in Dubai it was cool
Berchem on that's the name of the center
and I boy from there I think this was
the second one I bought as you could see
when I first started buying my Ralph's
there are really funky colors purple
ones I think this is a gift and I know I
have so many like Ralph Lauren gifts and
the reason is after a lot of my family
saw that I was buying Ralph Lauren's
they started gifting them to me so they
thought I was really into it which I was
at the time so pretty much was a
standard get mo a medium Ralph Lauren
and he will like it so that's why I've
got so many years I hope you guys have
enjoyed this collection it wasn't too
long because how long can I show you
guys some shirts for but yeah there you
go another one of my favorites this is
like the long sleeve blue one I wore
this all the time to university but
anyways let's finish the collection
there guys basically the only thing that
differs in these is the colors as you
can see I'm getting really hot in this
tracksuit oh really really hot but
saying that I used to wear this everyday
to uni cause it was really comfortable
and the bottoms like I used to wear as a
whole but yeah I thought cherie because
a lot of you have asked me for it that
is my wrap
collection whoa and yeah let's continue
the day I need to pack up all of this
now I saw it that's gonna be long
bubbles is fire mounted Oh Oh vicious no
rushes they see a line or a chat mm-hmm
right now we're actually going to head
off to Sharjah you don't know where that
is that's the scene next to Dubai so
it's gonna be a long drive I don't
really know how we're going there I
think it's just to explore and see
what's up over there so you know I love
driving my cars I hear
I'll Drive you guys over there by the
way guys I've actually realized as
excited as I was when I first got the
car about the turn on feature I never
really use it like I'd never do except
from when I want to play around in the
vlog I don't use that all by myself it's
not working there we go so anytime I
ever use it on the vlog that's it before
I head off I actually came by to grab
myself some takeaway food i came by you
know my local show ama place because i
was starving and there's no way i'm
driving like an hour or two without
having my food so hopefully should be
ready soon think they're making it back
there and yeah we can head off with a
full stomach as well such a food person
they have loads of things here and i've
only ever tried to show homage you can
see on their menu they've got like
everything so I might try out the other
stuff but you know show on was just the
easiest thing for me oh it's ready are
they particularly takeaway thank you
thanks a lot all right I feel like
people find it so awkward and I'm
videoing them saying like you know
bye-bye thank you for the food and
they're just staring at me like what is
she doing
what is this here is got my food here's
grandma mo there's a window open there
you go guys can barely see them you just
see a hand we just arrived in Sharjah
and parked our car first thing we see is
a really beautiful mosque but I think we
parked next to this park if that makes
sense like there's a part where people
are sitting and having like
I don't know tea coffee picnics and
stuff so that's where we're heading now
that's the entrance as you can see it
says that and yeah let's go see what's
up over here I've never been here to be
honest so should be interesting
Wow look at this place this is really
cool
it's like you're walking down some
Foresti area they have a war show here
as well that's inside
all right here comes the beat that
Oh
Wow this is incredible
I'm always excited to see the outros
like the ending because they'd already
blow up hi-c
come on do something
ah we stopped by to get some snacks in
this place as you can see it's like this
little place in the middle of the park
and my grandma got herself some waffles
what ok you know what I'm gonna try some
I'm sorry grandma
let me just cut off a piece and see how
it is a place like Nutella they told me
it's not that it does taste like it
after I'm stealing so much on my
grandma's waffles guy gave me that dirty
look it's good I don't know nice by the
way there's something about flowing
water which is just so peaceful I know
I've always said this before but being
right next to this is just so like
soothing right now look at it
Wow and it's got a beautiful mosque
behind it what a shot damn mummy back at
it again with the tea ok this is mine
boys I said I love having you know the
hey why is it tied around my cup I can't
bring it out this is why I like guys I
like tea bagging my tea
hee hee hee Oh what the hell it's
covered in foam is this tea or coffee
why is it covered in foam goes up to me
ah there's milk in there ok anyhow it's
time to head off home now but quickly
gonna take couple pictures of my grandma
because you want some pictures over here
so here's my mom and grandma what's up
say hi to the yo-yo squad Oh
kill him alright give me your phone I
need a phone to take a photo and yeah
give me your phones this block page is
all going in the vlog mommy were you
doing mommy what is it cold or hot you
know what thank you pretty cold
you
how could you put a sad song back to
miss been without you my friend and I
said how did see you again I want to
show you guys something but please don't
say stuff like our mole everybody knows
this okay guys I know that when you put
money in the light you see the stuff
through it but I found this really cool
cuz when I put this five dirham in the
light it looks completely different let
me show you I mean so here's the note
I'm gonna show you guys okay the five
dollar mark it looks really normal but
look at this what in the light it looks
completely different like a new note
forms you see that way I should let me
try and make this part flat so you can
see a bit better look at the change guys
okay you see like that and then like
that it's like two different notes
that's insane I don't know I found that
really cool let me know what you guys
think about that anyways guys tonight is
one of the nights which I'm just like
tired out of my life I keep on repeating
myself I saw I've liked repeated the
vlog five times and every time I just
can't manage to say stuff properly and
you see what I mean I just I keep on
getting stuck with my words you know
what I'm going to end the vlog here I
think I've done too much vlogging for
today recently I'm going to be honest
with you guys like I've been so tired
like vlogging every day can actually
really start getting tiring on you like
my eyes have become weaker from all the
editing and I don't want to sound like
I'm complaining in any way because I
love blogging and just generally YouTube
but I just want you guys to know that it
can sometimes be harder than it looks so
I try and keep positive that's the best
way to go about anything alike because
negativity trust me will never help in
any situation so yeah next week granny
MO is not going to be with us sadface i
hope you have in
join her presence around us she was very
sweet I hope you guys can see that
through her angry face she always she
always has this like screw face going on
and then when she sees the camera she
suddenly smiles because yes no idea what
else to do I'll see you guys some more
hopefully you have enjoyed today's look
if you have let me know by hitting the
like button and yeah I'll see you
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo goodbye everybody
