just just pretty up on just did do
everything you need to
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so you're probably wondering where are
you but what the hell are you doing in
some tree now
bubbles lost his color and we're trying
to find it because now he doesn't have
one but it doesn't seem like we are
going to because this place is so
confusing I've been trying to look there
but I don't think it's noticeable
anyways I think that's a mission fail I
have no idea where my mom's are looking
she's also trying to look with me but I
don't think we're gonna manage to find
it so let's head up home anyways I
absolutely love coming out in the
morning so there were like some white
swag going on white hat white shirt look
at the view like Dave son mommy wait sir
helicopter oh it's there played
this is a huge problem we have with
bubbles okay check this out
not sure if you can see that he's under
my car and it would be okay if he just
stayed there but he actually goes and
tries to fight with Toby and grumpy
Toby's under our neighbors car and
grumpy is on the other side and he was
just about to try and fight with grumpy
but my mum quickly came out and scared
him so mom's gonna come out now and try
and get him to go back in because he
will not budge
okay let's see if we can make him come
out with this stick home bobbles
problems go inside go inside okay Lucy's
gone quickly gonna go change my clothes
and show you something really really
cool gay I'll be back in a second so
this came in the post about two weeks
ago I never had time to make a video on
it so this company sent me this and it's
a car charger but to be honest that's
not the part which I even care about but
apparently I can download the app with
this thing that lets me find my car like
it navigates me to my car so let's see
if this thing actually works and yeah
I'm kind of interested now let's quickly
just unbox this bad boy up and see what
it's all about
so finally managed to get out of its
packaging so let's plug it in download
whatever app I need after I read the
manual and see if we can find my car I'm
gonna take out this thing I think what
do you call this like a lighter the car
light or whatever you want to call it
and plug this thing in instead okay
oh okay it's got these fancy white
lights now I'm gonna download the app I
finally downloaded the app and I'm gonna
try and connect this thing to whatever
it is okay not sure if you can see that
it's trying to scan it how long is it
gonna take to scan it alright connected
yes this actually works is going to be
pretty cool press home button to close
up leaving it in the background alright
okay what do I do now I want to find my
car okay Zeus is connected all right
let's leave the car and see if we can
use this to find it be right back so the
app is on my phone and my
cars here I'm going to take my
skateboard and I'm gonna ride far away
and let's see if this can guide us back
to my car I think it should be able to
because I saw a little sneak peek of it
now by quickly closed it so I wouldn't
spoil it so yeah I'll be back once I've
ridden like three minutes away from my
house and let's see if this guy can
bring us back to the car ok so I'm about
like three four minutes away from my car
and I think I should start heading back
I'm not too far and I just opened the
app my internet is not even on and this
thing seems to work so I think I should
start following it back because I really
don't want to go too far so let's see
this thing reroute us to our car bye as
you can see 230 meters in that direction
so let's just keep going
and see if it can actually get us to our
car it is the right way to be honest
it's actually telling me to turn this
way now which is completely correct the
only thing I need to do is watch the
street because I'm looking down at the
app oh wow I'm actually kind of
impressed
let setting me just turn right slightly
lost 50 meters stretch I'm not sure if
you guys can see the cars but let's just
keep on following this bad boy this is
actually very very cool I can't even lie
let's see what it says we've got to our
car 15 your car is nearby wow that is
impressive oh I'm really really tired
but I'm not even gonna lie I'm pretty
impressed because the USB is pretty
small and I didn't need any sort of like
mobile data turned on it was just
straight from Bluetooth so good job to
that company thanks for sending me that
and yeah
well that was really really cool back
inside everybody wondering wait wait mo
what how did the shirt change again the
reason I don't wear this outside is
because I just ate and there's like a
spaghetti stain somewhere behind my arm
and I know what someone to be like hey
more than the like wait why just cower
and your dirty shirt but anyways let me
just finish off with some editing and
then we can head out we actually have to
go print bubbles another
no with his name and our number on it
because this morning as you saw he lost
this which was a complete headache and
now we just have to go get him another
one
pose is such a headache man Lana's
heading out to a business meeting right
now
good luck Cisco kill it Munni Lana in
the building the best way to go to a
business meeting in the Lambo it's all
about the image guys you ain't touching
my car cuz I'm going out with it today
anyways I'm going in to finish up my
video and I'll see you later on
peace all right there goes Lana peace
now we're just left with my car aye sir
now ever why it just looks so reflexive
like look how bright I look it makes my
skin lighter is all somehow the power of
white shirts makes everything look
different yeah that's so different when
you look at it from oh my god super
person you cannot lie to me you're mad
at least once in your life done that to
a can and thought you are like the Hulk
but yeah all right Peter this coke bowl
you will be missed me my what we're
heading out now but I'm wearing a jacket
you guys have never seen on my blood now
I wore this when I was in London and I
absolutely love this jacket like I
always tried searching for the black one
is all like the same style and
everything but I never managed to find
it so let me know and you guys know if
there is like a black and red design
Ralph jacket like this I already managed
to get this one which was in like why
I'm blue which still looks really
awesome but I think I would have loved
the black and red as well
anyways let's head off out now to get
bubbles color and we might go all the
way to the central post office to
collect the package that is sitting
there who knows let's see
okay so we've come to minutes to make
another color for bubbles just like that
one
let's see how this goes that's kiddies
yes everyone yeah you want one that says
bubbles on it now so he picked up bubble
his new color and it's going to be this
little green lucky charm
hopefully it's lucky enough that he
won't lose it anyways we haven't
engraved anything on it yet that's what
we need to do in each for his name and
our number so when he gets lost people
can find him but for now let's go do
some shopping so you guys know I
absolutely love Nutella look what I just
found three kilograms of Nutella or 6.6
pounds that is a lot of nuts Ella
it looks very tempting but I know I'm
smart enough not to get it because I'll
eat that thing so quickly this is why I
love coming to care for or any food
store in general free samples of
delicious things my sister would have
absolutely loved desperate my mom's
getting me my favourite forever Mac
cause oh my god actually I were the
worst person to join along in food
shopping now I've become like a little
bear but before in London when you used
to take me food shopping I was coming
back with KitKat Maltesers any type of
chocolate slash dessert I was filling up
the trolley aisle and now I've okay I've
calmed down a lot since it's Valentine's
Day guys I think I'm gonna get base some
flour
I don't have a babe I don't have a pay
okay
I don't like Valentine's Day I'm no just
it's just a pointless holiday for me
right now time to go home mommy close it
before anyone else gets here haha losers
by the way guys what is this Aston
Martin it actually looks really cool I
think it's the db7 I'm not even gonna
say if you have no idea really like it
and it's next to this Bentley
you know what game we should play mommy
push it and then let go of it see if it
hits any cars imagine that would be like
the dumbest thing ever it would hit my
car yeah anyways let's close the boo up
right now and go home
on our way home I quickly stopped in the
street because we saw this cat nananana
nanana bishop's come come come come boy
it looks like bubbles and the poor guy
we just wanted to feed him no no no no
no mommy he's running does it here okay
got some hot chicken for him okay let's
make sure there's nobody in the road
alright come on little buddy no no no no
no oh it's gonna be impossible to find
here here yeah okay you know what guys
the food is there I'm sure he will find
it if he's hungry his cats always find
it
this is Bobo's new collar and look at
kitty she's absolutely obsessed with it
give me oh oh
the only problem is she's gonna try and
scratch you and you have it good to me I
think she oh okay maybe not shot try and
go with her let's see make sure you get
him oh she got it she okay
Sean come at me bro come at me come at
me bro I can't believe what just
happened so you guys no rush it from the
vlogs we went and checked out his farm a
couple days back and we saw this amazing
sneaker collection and I want to thank
everybody that checked out his channel
I'll leave
down below in the description again but
he's genuinely such a kind person and it
was so awesome to us when we went there
and showed us around and now he's just
done something which is blowing my mind
so huge huge thank you to him and look
what happened so I just got this
delivered and oh my god that is a cake
yes a cake I can't believe that guys
that is seriously so kind of him and I
really do want you guys to check out his
channel like he's got some of the best
sneakers ever which I haven't even seen
on YouTube and besides from that
something else game as well so the other
thing that came with that cake is some
kicks and I'm not going to show you what
it is but obviously his channel is
called muddy kicks and he actually
hooked us up with some awesome Jordans
but I'm going to show you them tomorrow
because they really do deserve another
video I want you guys to guess what you
got up with I don't think you guys will
get it it's something very unique but
let's see in the comment section if you
can it's okay mommy I'm giving you time
just just pretty up fun just did do
everything you need to it's game mommy
are you ready three two one action
well we know you're okay please I'm
trying to end the vlog now I'm all
trying to fix up her hair mommy the vlog
is waiting okay mommy
so today my sister's business meeting
was actually with Chanel Gucci and Prada
all together so long Ilana product Gucci
Chanel lines coming soon I'm definitely
not lying
oh wow what are you doing don't drop
your you know what happened today I got
a free sample of next week when I was in
care for a free drink and it was the
ones you like that it was 28% is a new
one
there's a new over 28 percent cocoa
that's what she was saying
28% cocoa I swear that's what she was
saying
I heard 28% something so bother be
careful it's gonna drop it's gonna drop
it's gonna drop Oh what are you unless
you guys have a dream I'm gonna keep
doing this anyway anyways guys will
jokes aside I'll see you tomorrow with
another fantastic blog stay happy stay
awesome be positive and yet live your
life the other Yolo good bye bubbles
bubbles good bye to the vlog he's on let
me go let me go let me be a free cat
he's stretching it off bye
