buh-buh-buh-buh yo yo yo everybody
welcome to another vlog so how are you
all doing I'm doing amazing I swear like
I woke up fresh I literally didn't have
an alarm today so I woke up at like
half-past eleven so I'm kind of feeling
good I had a lot of rest but first thing
I want to show you guys today is the
other day I bought this like really
cheap toy it cost me like a pound it's
supposed to shoot these ping pong balls
let's see if it works because the last
time I bought a toy which was cheap and
pretty much just fell apart
so yeah time to use this bad boy I feel
like I've become a toy review Channel
let's open this and see what's up
I I got at Oakland it seems to have like
a little spring system I think you you
clocked that back not bad okay alright
let's see how this bad boy works guys oh
alright seems to be in there okay ready
that's aim for the TV oh no oh my finger
just blocked it ah ah not bad not bad
it's actually pretty decent you guys
ready ahh
oh my god you know what I actually quite
liked this store I think it was a good
purchase let's see it's my grandma liked
it
uh-oh uh-oh messing with the wrong
portion today son uh-huh that's why you
don't mess up mobilize guys oh shoot
anyways right now I wanna get to cutting
that birthday cake that one if you
brought for me yesterday I don't know
why I never liked cutting cakes when
they have like writing on them but you
know you have to do so let's get this
cake is it been frozen to the fridge
it's got stuck to the fridge guys it's
alright alright
what the hell I've never seen paper get
stuck to a fridge
anyways let's open this bad boy up oh my
god I'm taking that first piece out that
tastes good that's a very good
I just chocolate hmm I thought that was
peeper that's chocolate around it whoo
yes I love gates there we go and it's
all chocolate oh my god mommy let's get
a plate
oh my god yeah tastes delicious oh I'm
stuffed
okay because I had so much cake I feel
it's my duty to go exercise a little so
I'm gonna go take my skateboard do be
skating around the area my grandma is
currently at the soup was a Mike go say
hi to her and my mom's right here she's
going to be singing until my video
uploads so thanks a lot Bobby
I'll be back and yeah peace
I'm not gonna lie once in a while
exercising can be fun but I just hate
exercise in general like running jogging
anything like that I find so boring and
I don't know how people do it for fun I
guess I don't know I just don't enjoy it
personally my hair is completely
becoming a mess as you guys can see I'm
right next to the soup who I'm living
life on the edge like I could drop into
the right here but I'm here actually
being a personal trainer today I'm
making my grandma do some exercise
basically she's been swimming for the
past half an hour and I say swimming
because she's really just been sitting
in the pool look at her and now I'm
gonna try and make her do some laps so
gonna spend some time here with her make
her actually swim get that heart beating
you know because if I'm exercising today
she has to be exercising today and I
want you guys to exercise today so yeah
hey I feel like I'm gonna fall into the
morass I'm gonna I'm gonna get up
because I'm Way too close to the edge so
let's go put my skateboard home see why
mommy's up too look she's still not
doing anything anyways I'm gonna see her
later bye bye granny Malu we are back
home
let's see where mommy mo is all right
doors open video done alright seems like
it's done right now me my mom and
grandma are gonna head out I'm not sure
exactly where we're gonna go it's Friday
so it is really busy um preferably I
want to go to the go to because a lot of
you want me to go and secondly there's
like some really huge pieces of gold my
grandma likes gold so who knows maybe
she'll buy me some gold and yeah that
should go out and see what's outside
she found I said that she'll kill me she
wants me to buy her gold what all right
let's go
so you finally made it over to the Gold
Souk guys but there is no parking in the
actual Gold Souk so we have to come in
the fish market park our car and then
you have to cross the bridge so that's a
little light pack for you guys I want to
come anyway they're super busy it's on a
Friday let's go see what's up look at
this guys I'm on top of the bridge right
now as you can see the road is down
there I'm waiting for my mom and grandma
has they're a bit slower and walking
come on guys let's go one step at a time
I'm not the best when it comes to
heights I don't really like them but you
know we had to cross this bridge we
finally found the entrance of the Gold
Souk it's behind me over there you can
see it says gold land or a at the top
over there anyways my mom and grandma
are heading over there they're looking
through sauna shop so let's go meet up
with them Wow look at some of the things
they sell over here guys these are
actually gold one
that's incredible so much gold every
single shop here pretty much sells gold
I know I came here to show you they go
to guys but look at this now I'm not
sure if you guys remember that video I
made about this this is good saffron and
this stuff is so expensive like a packet
this small like a tiny packet could cost
you like $100 so this is definitely like
worth at least $100,000 like that's a
lot by the way Wow check this bad boy
out
this is 160 kilograms of gold right here
that is insane and everything else here
is fully gold by the way so that is a
fully solid gold don't go please
anything solid gold for Geneva and
encoded dress that's insane I just
calculated and that's like 25 million
dirhams which is like I don't know in
dollars is like six seven million but
that is ridiculous guys like God for hot
hi I'm gonna leave this shot because I'm
pretty sure combining them so I couldn't
resist and I bought myself these there
with jello things I love coming to these
places which are like markets you just
find so many cool things and lots of
gold as well as you can see she's
addicted she's addicted look at me
oh my grandma loves gold by the way like
that's the number one thing as you can
tell by our hands guys she's filled with
gold don't yo grandma if you want to buy
me a gift like any of these will do you
know any of them
but how do you even wear these very nice
nobody how do you how does your neck
support that no guys that's actually
incredible by the way guys while I was
in the Gold Souk I ran into saw you guys
the you scored you guys what is this a
5/5 German money thank you so so much I
appreciate it smugly boom I see you guys
there peace we are officially done in
the Gold Souk but I wanted to show you
one last thing because the sides from
gold they have like some sort of jewelry
and watches and they've got one of my
favorite watches over here which is an
AP watch and I asked this is two hundred
and seventy five thousand dirhams that's
like I don't even know in dollars like
eighty thousand I don't even know there
is I eighty thousand that's a lot thank
you I don't they were buying an AP like
that anytime soon guys but you know
alright where's my mom and grandma I
completely lost them so this is our
version of a red phone box if you can
see it's like a concrete telephone box
I've actually never seen this is my
first time but there you go we have our
own little version by the way because
this is Gold Souk there's so many
adorable cats in the street what's up
buddy what's up oh look at them they're
just all here because obviously there's
loads of fish here and they eat them
kill everybody I'll name you copy that's
a good name here this guy's hand pop
you're now friends and you see
nice inside the booty he just want some
fish come on four feet okay puppy game
we save poppy I'll see you another time
and sister we came to the most Emirates
because I want to eat and I want to have
kerosene but I just bought myself a
defender and you guys don't know much
about these they've actually stopped the
production of these so I think they're
going to be very rare cars I've seen a
lot of people post pictures about these
cars oh ok guys my mom and grandma are
having London fish and chips ok you can
go get your food by the way guys don't
forget they don't want you to be happy
they don't want you to eat good somos
blogs we are here my KFC spicy fries
spicy buns everything spicy so guys I
was just in the Virgin Media store and I
always come by the youtubers book
section and I ran into one of you guys
the yogurts good so also meeting you man
I appreciate but we boom we out you I
just ran into sucker and he's gonna do
some beatboxing for the vlog I haven't
heard this is gonna be first time so
let's hear move move move
that is insane man oh my god I did not
like how do you do the noise like well I
mean on that wing how'd you do that
that's crazy why shout out to him
appreciate it
anyways the Virgin Media store is closed
now but that was crazy like I just ran
into that guy and he was amazing at
beatboxing did you hear that there's
like boom like he could do everything
like that was mad and he didn't even
know about the channel like he just saw
me vlogging and it was I let me do
something for you I was like alright
let's hear this by the way guys look at
this insane gaming setup they have over
here it's like this 360 degree monitor
thing that's going on over here you see
how big it is compared to like a a
normal monitor would be about like half
of it wow this is like a proper gaming
setup let's leave this place that no
date they're taking this up
we are out of the Virgin Media story
I've always time to go home in the race
oh sorry I guess that's not our way home
mummy why didn't you buy me a race for
my birthday
oh yeah oh yeah bet that's better than
Aretha better than a rolls-royce for
sure okay we just got home guys but do
you think snapback suit me I swear I
don't know why I think snap backs are
just not suited on my head shape let me
know if it's just me being picky or
myself but there you go that's my first
snap back from what if you guys die gave
yesterday I think maybe it suits me more
backwards
thank dairy go Ashley yeah we have a
look going now you have like this you
know American boy look hey okay okay you
know I can do with that I can do with
that let's ramp it on one more time hey
slim thick with your cute ass hey I
might buy you a okay let's take this off
my grandma she really likes that hat
might give it to her she's been wearing
you a lot who wants to see gangsta
granny mo
hey she a gangsta with that hat I saw my
grandma rocks like snapbacks hot better
than I do by the way I just opened this
new toy I go it's like this ball
attached to your hand so flip the screen
so you can see what you're doing
okay basically the way it works and
watch our cats because they're addicted
to you just throw it
there's no way they were going to give
it this is actually a pretty toy guys
rat catchers no one is serious dude that
looked like what's about to go on my
face well it's pretty scary even in the
camera I can see it moment seriously if
the camera drops us cuz you you want
please don't do that it's really scary
Wow yo - alle hand
flick at the wrist Lili's look at that
he's got a pretty cool toy I'm scoping
around this I'm gonna rock up today's
look here with bubbles guys I hope you
have enjoyed I'm here my little my
little lion I actually love this guy to
bits which you guys know I'm sure a just
like my little son like you always just
wants to sleep on my lap you know how it
goes bubbles what's up dude oh you're
just going what's up man I said this
guy's adorable anyways I hope you have
enjoyed today's don't we'll see you guys
tomorrow stay also everybody and happy
young Yolo good boy kiss the bloke kiss
kiss tomorrow's alright peace guys
