look at that
so yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
vlog I just woke up because for the past
hour if you can hear that storms and
loads of rain of incoming to look at
outside right now it's absolutely
pouring down with lightning and
everything I don't know exactly if it's
going to stop but wow it's been raining
so much like I don't know what's gonna
happen like I hope it doesn't flood it
because that is a lot of rain for divine
this is not normal for us but we don't
get this much rain ever so yeah
here that so right now me and my mom are
gonna pull over to the stores before it
gets too rainy because I'm scared if
there's too much more on the roads we
can't drive so it's kind of like just
stuck up on everything I don't think
anything is gonna happen but just in
case you know so look at this umbrella
by the way oh that's cool thank you it's
not that bad I feel like I'm in London
what it's actually not that bad by the
way outside but you know Lucy I know
right the road to do it okay look at the
road guys are driving on one
we will invest with head I told you
very cool do you see that they're fixing
something mom II go first Marimo trying
to open the alright let's see on the
other side are you stop I gave my mom's
going round to give me some more
protection ah
it's boring guys I'm trying to not get
you guys wet ha ha
ok crack you mate we need to stock up
okay no mommy mommy we have to just yeah
just just just keep chucking them it
yeah no I don't need everything just
take I'm joking
anyways what do we need guys nobody else
is doing this Oh where's my corn flakes
cranky we're in a sticky situation son
go as fast as possible
Oh guys this is like the bad part look
look at this part one what look at that
good
oh my god okay we have to get that from
the outside
he's the mom driving or my mom is
driving through that yo did you see that
okay
I'm doing that I know I'm doing that
again I'm out okay
okay you go I can't we're back bubbles
we got you some food hey we actually got
more food for the cats than ourselves
because we had food anyway so there you
go and so much right so much yo look at
that guys they had to actually move the
Maserati because it was getting stuck in
the war alright so since we last spoke
on the vlog guys I farted about like two
or three hours that's when I lost vlog
and basically as you can see number one
the rain has stopped there's no rain
coming on me and basically all of the
water dried out pretty quickly there's
just like a couple of puddles on the
pavement but there's none on the road
like the road is wet don't get me wrong
but in the morning if you can remember
this whole section was pretty much
flooded do you remember like I was going
through it just to show you guys but
yeah anyways right now we're gonna go
head out maybe look at that watch that I
was supposed to get for my birthday she
went online and I found a couple other
ones like very similar designs from the
same place so I might take a look at a
couple of them maybe pick up the package
that we have to pick up from the main
postal office so got a lot of things to
do for the vlog so it should be really
fun look at that okay some places still
have a lot more guys what the perks of
having 4-wheel Drive you can just go
through it we made it over to the post
office but need to quickly put some
money in the mir serve okay you know
what let's just go for it two Durham's
should do that good okay press per
ticket
by the way guys the point is no longer
there do you remember that okay we got a
ticket I actually have a feeling I know
what package is arrived for me now I'm
not going to say anything in case it's
wrong but once I get it I'll let you
know how I know what it is okay
all right the package has been received
guys as you can see it's this massive
box and it is like Thor's and I'll tell
you why basically there's actually
another youtuber I follow and in one of
his videos he was sending a package to
davai and he also follows me back so I
found that a bit you know coincidental
so let's go home see what's in here
and I kinda I'm not going to like kind
of saw it in here because they were
opening up for like a random Security
check but I didn't really understand
like a little airplane type thing so
they didn't open it fully they just like
pour it out on my kindness also let's go
home see what this is but for now let's
go find my mom and grandma mommy what
are you doing you know what it come on
come on you got a cup that's that's
almond
hey we finished off at the ice cream
place and I see two kids around my car I
think they know me
let's see I think they did I like
looking at my car waiting for me
let's see a reaction guys watch this
watch the reaction
all right so it was in fact either you
went around the guard what is up guys
there's good for life they've been
waiting here for like half an hour they
said so now sorry I took so long my
grandma mama
they shot too much guys but I was
awesome seeing you guys spun me boom
pull I'll see you guys there
peace currently in the divine war guys
and I've been going around for the last
like half an hour trying to find the
watch I want so if I can find it I'll
continue the blog but I thought I'd give
you updated because I've just been
looking around and I can't find it
anywhere because the model I found and
you probably thinking why don't you go
back to the same store it's actually
slightly different I found off their
website and that's why I want to get I
think I think it's over here let me
check so I did end up finding the what I
wanted guys but after seeing in person I
don't know why it didn't click with me
this is the watch I took like a
screenshot but in person it looked like
a bit I'm not sure if you call it dull
but different look different that's all
I'm going to say I never bad but not as
nice some of the foes I'm going to look
around a bit more to see if I can find
anything else I like and if I do all
that you know
go go they don't see initially I'm going
to say I look at it look who showed up
Lana oh my god all the stores are closed
right now when she gave to eat Burger
King
she was bored at home she died she'd
been working on something yeah I'll see
you guys on snapchat so you can see I
was like halfway on the painting
foreground yeah the funny thing is going
to be our grandma she really wanted much
just to draw something so that's what
she's doing but right now writing
something bad again I think you guys
might know him he's like this really big
Instagram comedian I've seen him like
three or four times just so good instead
of like every time I hey how you doing
yeah anyways we're gonna go home now she
came in her amber guinea even though
it's like ha flooding so I get stuck by
the way yeah I got you reverse Oh
apparently every car was reversing
though everybody would just like
reversing out people's like why did I do
it why did I come out with the Navajo
anyway let's go home
she's gonna be in her car I think
everybody else is getting in my car they
don't want to risk getting in the Lambo
I should be fun engine on everybody just
started looking this way look how slow
my sister is that my mom I thought I was
a sister for a second what is that peace
sign you're rockin out your window yo
what's up
a lot of snow as people on this road
you know I'm going to the right just so
I can have the same start at the front
eh eh
I'll be her do you want to see the box
we got by the way yeah we got a massive
box okay oh there you go pretty big
right it's light though yeah it's
because it's got packaging foam in it
all right let's take inside and open it
let's get to opening this massive packet
which went through customs and when I
got there there are robber like security
questioning me they're like do you know
what's in here I was like no no I don't
know I don't know anything but then they
opened up a check bit oh yeah I expect
them I have no idea what's in my
packages but you know they just checked
it knows I can see I think it was like a
random Security check I said I don't
know I don't know what's going on here
yeah they haven't look in there like
it's fine bro we just ask these
questions you know this let's open this
bad boy up and I told you guys I knew
always in it the box is a French Ally
basically somebody actually made a video
sending this to me and I know the person
yeah they didn't say they were sending
it to me by kind of view it because it
was sending a package to device so you
know you already got an impression but
let's go shout out to my boyfriend she
blog I'll leave it on the description
cuz he's gonna send it to me I watched
his blog my favorite bar guys is the
packaging look at
are you kidding me that's a lot
Wow and it's got a list of the countries
you know Saudi Arabia UAE China Ukraine
got our South Africa Egypt Malta Jordan
Libya Wow like anniversary of the little
do I have on it so guys look at that
first of all it's got a list of all the
countries you're halfway through your
collection now how did they get one of
these they must have travelled the world
that Sligo collection here do you see
the size of my hand right now that's a
big like a month Wow Frenchie look says
that he sent you part of his money
collection he has walked two he also has
a collection okay okay so yeah that's
really if this is part of its collection
I want to see that collection because
that must be a bad collection it's
actually more in this package we just
opened the first thing - so let's go
through Morse this is the thing that
they checked this is what was through
security check itself all I saw is
there's an airplane going through a
security check now that what is this
so um okay let's just open it I I don't
I can tell you what it is what is it is
it like a thank you something from his
own clean collection oh so he has a
plane to that shoot a scale replica for
French combat aircraft the rough I'll be
should I have opened it or is it
supposed to stay in the box
I'm guessing supposed to open it I'm
sorry if I just completely like devalue
to collect right anyways I hope you over
any you're supposed oh yeah I think I am
oh this is pretty cool guys okay
I'm not opening that because it looks
like it's got loads of pieces do you see
that that's cool right that is really
awesome okay you know what I'm going to
contact him and tell him I supposed all
but this because it looks like you know
you have to build it what I make it red
I make everything okay
so this is for money money you know what
we're gonna open on her behalf open it I
hope you don't mind it's just gonna give
it by the way we're gonna look at look
at this yeah I kinda have like this
stuff on the floor but yeah now mommy
mom she got a nice part of the Eiffel
Tower thank you so much then finally
let's look through here it should be
somewhere here
stop every but there's mine oh you also
send me one thank you so much
don't you ever say why look at ya cuz
then we ELISA daddy it's a fair trade
yeah okay that's icing yeah oh you got
me the Eiffel Tower oh this is awesome
it's like a murder okay thank you so
much for this I totally love this I
don't know if you guys can see it there
you go
I was on my dorky yes anyways that is
pretty much all the bail we're opening
for today thank you so much my man I do
appreciate it keep friendship love by
the way like just the sake of it all
right
now you tidy up okay deuces sorry guys
but this is a big mess you've made
ah guys that this is what a human vacuum
cleaner what are you doing
this is what efficiency hey Doc I don't
know how to do at Ultra at all all right
guys I'm gonna go finish granny moves
first layer painting before it's too
late so I'm gonna hand it over to my
brother yeah all right yeah all good I'm
gonna leave the camera
the youngest college is gonna take that
take that
you just got love you don't be so mean
all right I'm gonna go guys before I
wrap up today's vlog guys I don't want
to show you some stuff because I was
like let me see like if there really was
a lot of rain today and device I
searched on YouTube and look at some of
these like photos and videos what do you
see that what that is mad oh my god we
didn't even get it bad like where we
live like there wasn't that much worse
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog state also and happy
everybody and don't forget y'all yo bye
