grandma grandma how much you very much
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so how are you guys doing so this
morning me and my mom are heading over
to Abu Dhabi right now basically one of
our friends had VIP tickets to the air
show and they couldn't go so they kindly
gave it to me
so yeah huge thank you to them for
giving us that now I can go there and
look for you guys and it should be
pretty dope so I haven't been to I would
that be a lot so yeah I'll be like a
first in a lot of ways for us we're
still on our way to our that me but look
at this car coming by guys oh yeah
mustang mustang GT it's been picked out
really nicely oh my God look at this
we've got a lake next to us and another
bridge and we're going under this thing
okay I don't know what bridges is that
looks pretty cool though we just got
over here guys as you can see it was
like an hour-and-a-half Drive and it's
actually raining if you can see that on
the floor so I'm not sure where you have
to go right now I think it's somewhere
in the airfield right now we're actually
at an airport because it is an air show
so let's try and find where we're
supposed to be and see what's up right
now guys we just made it into the VIP
lounge actually got some pretty cool
passes but they came in this thing says
platinum invitation but at the moment
it's currently pretty really rainy
outside so once the weather clears up
we're gonna go outside but from my view
you guys are not going to see it because
it's really far like I see a load of
Bentley's parked out in front of private
jets I think everybody here actually
owns these jets so should be cool but as
I said once the weather games up we'll
go outside and do a bit recording for
you guys alright so basically what
happened guys now is the show is
cancelled the rain isn't stopping and it
just looks to be getting worse like it's
actually flooding here and I know you're
thinking what really look look at this
guys it's legit just flooding as you can
see like I think if it rains a bit more
cars can get stuck like look at this car
what III need to pass over there you
can't go through here anyways not to
worry guys I think I'll come back after
two more cuz this is a three day show I
can't come tomorrow but Thursday I'll
try my best to come because apparently
it's really really nice so we'll see
what happens
yo look at this I should really like the
war guys so I don't even mind it look at
that
God oh yeah great oh my god
I feel like we're in a flood look guys
look at that we are stuck in the flood
anyways I really make our way home now
and yeah we will probably will be back
on Thursday maybe to see the show Wow
look at that Moss guys we stopped by it
is so beautiful oh my god do you see
that I'm gonna try and see if I can go
in I'm not sure exactly where the
entrance is but I'm glad we just came
till here to look at it cuz that is
gorgeous okay
oh it's raining so bad so I actually got
to stop by guys and this is the biggest
mosque in Abu Dhabi and it's absolutely
gorgeous as you can see my mom's even
taking photos in the car she can't even
see me recording her but it's really
really gorgeous look who's coming out to
take some pictures it's really nice and
yeah I have to stop by to show you guys
cuz the whole Oh mummy oh my god your
feet are in water okay here let's see if
our mummy ma yep got you on my birthday
we're out here washing my sister's car
what the hell happy birthday mo oh wow
there's a filthy card you see that guys
look at this car has legit just been
like dumped on we're actually going for
a small little run I know I know being
healthy on my birthday
starting 21 the right way you look like
a bodybuilder right now in that tank top
it's spreading the disease no no don't
do it
we're currently running guys and my
sister said she thinks because I have an
exercise 4 light years she's gonna beat
me in a run so once she stops not once I
stop once she stops I'm gonna record oh
yeah take my word for it
ok my breath has run out a little bit
more than her cuz I'm talking so I'm
going to end the vlog here until she
stops I still just run that way ok hi
back to running guy it's gonna get shaky
stead that their dinner and the loser is
Laura come on a run is it too hard I
thought you're the daily jogger in huh
no you see guys yeah I'm sure there's
flies in my face oh yeah look
come on newbie she's so bad at this
guy's I don't you say me yeah I'm a
daily runner I'm gonna whip you nobody
beats raw okay I made it home my
sister's still on the run
I don't know how people enjoy Bonnie
this is no fun hey how are you gonna
take a shower and continue the day right
now I always just are waiting outside
and we're gonna go do birthday shopping
for me whoa basically my family just
pretty much says what do you want more
for your birthday
and I go pick it so let's go I don't
know why don't we like birthday shopping
BAE enough they have to get me something
I can't let's go what's up to you happy
bird
hey let's go Jacky let's go Scott my
birthday present
happy birthday like y'all can't see for
my birthday okay we just made it over to
the mall to do some birthday shopping
but there's a really really pimped out
Ferrari okay check this bad boy out
whoa look at this but carbon-fibre
bonnet and everything like this looks
really really mean Wow okay look at the
back of this thing guys tell me that
does not look me
it's a Mansouri kit I'm guessing because
that's what it says on the wing also
there's one other really funky car over
here look at this gold Cadillac wow it's
not even like a metallic gold it's like
this matte type of gold I'm not sure
what you call it but that's really
really cool anyways let's go do some
birthday shopping lot beautiful Rolls
Royce over here so the first place I'm
stopping back my birthday gift is going
to be Rolex guys psych psych we ain't
going this I know we're gonna go get me
some clothes so I'm your Hollister's I
think they're pretty comfortable and
they're like thin shirt alright so the
first three things I've picked out are
these three shirt so I'm going to show
you them here so it's this one this one
and then finally I picked that like camo
blue color so I'm gonna go try these on
see how they are yeah that is the first
segment to birthday shopping t-shirts
okay we're leaving Hollister every
single one I showed you guys I didn't
pick and I picked another one which I
just came outside in this grab because I
like it pretty much a plain blue shirt
okay so for my birthday guys my sister
was just about to get me a watch but
because I couldn't choose I said let me
get it another day
basically these are the two watches as
you can see so they are both GC which is
like the luxury version of gasps they
look very very similar but I just can't
choose so please let me know what you
guys prefer let me just kind of see
where people are at this is the blue one
and this is the black one and the main
difference is like the face if you can
see it so yeah anyways I'm gonna head
out I'm so indecisive we're heading off
to go get my grandma right now but I
never knew that my mother sister
surprised me
no they're not even looking at me like
they're just going none it's not a
feature for my birthday all right fine
fine a ticket I didn't even want like a
Rolls Royce or anything
by the way guys my sister is so dumb
because and no I'm not hanging on it for
no reason she wore these really high
heels and now I can find very
uncomfortable
look at that guy's it's taking her skin
off okay go sit in the car and never
wear them again please what are you
supposed to do that I can there you go
girls don't wear brand new shoes outside
test them inside well that was a fun
little birthday shopping trip my mom is
just going to kill me because I barely
bought anything guys I'm personally not
a shopper I've told you that even if
somebody else is buying me something I
find it hard to find myself something I
like
so I legit just write and pick one thing
like one shirt I changed into my new
shirt this is actually from my grandma
so thank you she's over there but yeah
we're gonna go out right now I think to
eat my birthday I have no idea where
we're going
no surprise I can't new lawn a new shirt
and I'm 21
okay let's go ready grandma all right
let's go okay so do you
oh is it the manual ones oh darn it
isn't it
are those electronic anyways you guys
know where he came from my birthday
do you wanna guess we came for cheeky
knows okay let's go eat my brother
I asked you I would have been so
disappointed they booked a hotel or
something
we only did him a favorite because he
said no I just wanna have like fun I
don't like fancy food anyway let's go
have my dinner by the way before we go
in our family wants to impose here you
go my birthday po that's it that's all
yeah okay finished up here let's get the
flick and embrace okay we just took four
folds again made the wait and take two
bows turns out bad only first map is not
bad my sister take another tooth and she
has this like replaying in her eyes like
really show you more in me and look at
this guy's
I guess what wait on seance a what the
hell is that guys in water prize turns
green or even the other thing that is so
bad oh my god edit this guy talk about
what normally I would say that it's like
her being picky enough oh but there's a
legitimate problem here I want it from
I'm sure you haven't got something in
your eyes the flash marry she doesn't
know my finger she's right
all right yeah I'll take one myself
there's like a loser taking Flash pros
of herself no well you're so weird my
grandma just gave me a gift
hey I think one of our no rings it's not
even new it's huge what the hell is this
it's not coming off oh my god thank you
no worries my girl fat sloppy look at
look at look at this look at this guy
sorry
what the hell you robbed us
I don't lose a finger on my birth
oh my god what this is to it the flesh
is coming out of a grandma grandma how
about you she let her in back oh yes
you're trying on my finger almost gave
up on my birthday
there's an actually bell rings
it's not even like a specific time I
like it what it is
I'm pretty confused guys there's more
like an event like the big man sized
Nando's
so thank you yes all of it I wonder what
this me
we take a spoonful okay start getting
that excited about my cake knickers okay
thank you here you go you're Scott I'll
feed you to anyways guys that is the end
of my little birthday I can't lie that
cake was the most delicious cake ever
where's my mom oh guys where she she
she's a pot guys it's not the best idea
to put my grandma in the middle it looks
like it looks like you're holding the
pot Hawaii holding the pot look at this
place over here it's like behind and
nobody really knows about it and it
looks really cool I've actually come
here so many times and I've never seen
this place it's like right behind here
it looks like five fireplaces even
though it's like these little bulb type
things anyways they also have you know
on this camera it looks very nice yeah
and over here they've got computers whoa
Wow I'd love to have one of these at
home
okay run away you're right anyways I'm
gonna take a couple photos then we're
gonna leave to go home
time to head off home in my car look how
close I parked it by the way like yeah
make sure not to scream look at that
the back is even worse it's like one
finger and he's gonna help me no I think
cuz I'm gonna come straight out anyways
don't worry
yeah hey I'm good don't worry let's go I
don't need help that woman guys she
can't help me
don't we just take niggas hi don't guys
it's my beat sorry guys
the Friant today's roy wanna show you
what my mom got me for my birthday so
basically this shirt was from my grandma
my sister is gonna get me the watch once
I decide and my mother however she got
me a special gift okay you want to see
my mom special gift shouldn't the show
show that the special yeah okay you
ready guys boomba
she got me a card and pyjama trunks not
even a full pajama she got me pajama
showed any age I'm gonna wrap up two
days ago here I hope you won't have
enjoyed all jokes aside guys I'm not a
big birthday person and I don't really
care about the gifts it's all about
spending time with your family isn't
that right guys so stay happy be happy
with what you have guys and yeah I'm
going to be wearing these pajamas from
now on anyway stay also everybody love
you all and see two more for a special
vlog don't forget that yummy yellow good
bye
