yoyoyo good morning everyone welcome
back to another video so today's video
is actually gonna be a pretty special
video because I'm gonna be showing you
guys a very very special car connection
now it's been a really long time since
I've taken you to anybody's car
collection but today I'm gonna show you
one of the most exclusive collections
you're ever gonna see alright so we're
gonna go over to one of our friends
places and he has 8 of the most
exclusive Ferraris out there and a ton
of other cars ok but I think we're only
going to show you the Ferraris for now
because he's kind of like a private
collector if you know what I mean
anyways right now we're gonna go it's
time to check out some crazy cars
alright guys so right now I just made it
over to the location and I'm about to
show you the most exclusive Ferraris
you've ever seen in the world I check it
out
so if you can see that we have eight
Ferraris eight okay four on either side
and right now I'm about to show you some
of the craziest cars you ever seen I've
actually got the keys to two of them in
my hand so let's go unveil these bad
boys okay so the first car we're gonna
show you is the lap Ferrari this is like
the god offer are you guys so right now
we're gonna unveil this bad boy let's go
I'd say check it out guys here is the
first car we're literally only starting
right now
so there is a lapper are you over here
now there's only 499 of these in the
world and this one is literally mint
condition guys as I said it's a private
collection of Ferraris but we're gonna
move on because there's eight Ferraris
to show you so let's go to the second
one the Ferrari Enzo so here is a fun
fact about the ends of before I fully
unwrap it so initially three hundred and
ninety nine of them were made and then
they made an additional fifty making it
four hundred forty nine and then they
made a lost one for the Pope
so in tow there's four hundred and fifty
of these in the world so let's show you
this guy so we are literally only two
cars into the collection oh we have a
lapper re and the ferrari enzo these two
cars combined this is almost six million
dollars of cars right here just in this
every year but now let's move on because
they have a lot more control so I had to
start with the best ones obviously the
view behind me is absolutely amazing now
what I love every Ferraris obvious on
the old is red so it looks really really
cool now personally this is actually one
of my favorites as well as the laughs
Ferraris just because I love the four or
five eights so much that this being like
a special model of that is insane now
the next car will be going to I'm gonna
let my friend behind the camera tell you
about it so what is this so that's an F
430 16 mm since he knows about the car I
won't let him unveil it for you guys so
I'm gonna take the camera guys so you go
for it this car is literally been kept
in mint condition
I mean just ah ah I don't think I've
ever seen a Ferrari collection like this
now let's just move around look all of
them have been covered just to make sure
it stays in mint condition it's got a
carbon fiber engine I mean this is just
absolutely special their Enzo the
laferrari the 458 speciale aperto down
this is such a section car guys honestly
I can't it's it's it's hard to breathe
around this then we got the aperto now
now we've got these four bad boys to
move on to self let's go
so now you've come around to the other
side you have another four Ferraris to
show you I'm gonna try and go through
this a little bit quicker so you guys
can just look at the car so first things
first help me what do we have
599 GTO 599 GTO guys so this car over
here is actually Ferraris most powerful
road car ever that is actually a crazy
crazy fact - no I think it was going for
around four hundred and fifty thousand
dollars so this is a beauty right here
next up we have the Ferrari so the next
part I'm about to show you this is a
very very special one it's the 70th
anniversary for a spider and this is a
one of one of this money I've actually
never been tired of uncovering cars
there's so many cars here but I'm
actually getting tired by the way
comment down below which is your
favorite I still think the Laffer R is
my favorite cuz it's beautiful but now
on to the last one I want to show you
guys so come check this out the last one
is the challenger's - darling I hope I'm
saying it right guys my spirit my
Italian is not all good but this is the
Challenger sedullus wishes unwrapping
you guys want to check it out
this is on another level right here no
I've seen Ferraris guys but having every
limited edition Ferrari next to each
other that's what you call boss but
before we go I think we should switch it
on yeah I thought we're just moving in
for the exhaustive so guys this is the
charger for the laferrari so this is
what charges this car now it does run on
petrol as well there's a hospital half
charger this is crazy high voltage and
low voltage the charger is probably more
expensive than my car
it is right oh my good all right just
like a regular Ferrari you put the key
in you turn it you press the start
the doors open up the
I'm surprised no alarms went off we get
it we're good anyways there you go boys
that has been the Ferrari collection I
came to see today honestly one of the
craziest collections of Ferraris ever
like we literally have every single
special model that Ferrari has ever made
literally I'm not even kidding guys but
yeah let me know what is your favorite
in the collection guys that is the cars
I mean oh it's so beautiful we got the
laferrari we got the head so we got
everything out here so yeah by the way
make sure to follow me on Instagram
you can actually see the owner of the
cars on my page guys this is top secret
but these are my Instagram so check it
out but for now we're actually heading
out guys hopefully you enjoyed the snow
collection video so yeah let's go
goodbye laferrari good bye Enzo we'll
see you soon what a collection of cars
I'm not sure if you guys saw that that
was insane like listen I know why I was
there I wasn't too loud or enthusiastic
but like guys when you're in that
environment with the owner of the car
it's kind of a it's kind of like awkward
and scary you know guys that on this car
are very important people anyways guys
right now we are back home so we're
actually gonna head out to continue the
rest of the day I actually want to buy a
couple of things so let's go and let's
do some shopping all right whoa hi boys
let's go do some shopping
right now we just made it over to our
destination we are actually I Chinatown
and my boy just came on the radio right
now we are here we're about to go do
some shopping
it's crazy everywhere in the radio
they're playing meds no huh man's never
you guys don't forget Wow look at this
guy's the tires on that goes black
that's so cool the tires change so many
directions the demon guys what the hell
is going on over here what is happening
to toys nowadays I wouldn't want to be
in a room full of toys it's creepy right
now we do some shopping and I told you
we're gonna be buying some weird stuff
the first thing we're getting we're but
wait what you do this it's a microphone
I don't know the first thing we'll
buying is a megaphone we've come over to
like a really cool store and they sell
like a ton of weird stuff like a
megaphone
they sell quotient feet I don't know why
we're buying this stuff but right now
we're going on like a mini shopping
spree we literally just bought a fire
extinguisher oh yeah so basically you
guys know that at any moment in time
your house could burn down so why go out
the fire extinguisher that we use it
right now we also went ahead and bought
a safety helmet listen I'll make sense
later on ye ball up this stuff but for
now we're gonna get out of here and yeah
here is on you fire extinguishers
oh hi boys ago so I have a big
announcement to make on today's vlog if
you are this far into today's video and
you haven't subscribed yet what the hell
are you doing alright there you guys go
down below hit the subscribe button or
else
police will be cool this is our new
megaphone that we end up buying today yo
this is gonna be so useful for our house
guys so if you guys don't know we have a
problem where people come and constantly
not gonna gain okay so let us know in
the comment section what you want us to
do I feel like we have to take this into
public and start telling people off Oh
Josh your side as always I am actually
gonna end off today's vlog here we love
you guys so so much what should they do
if you guys enjoy today's video make
sure just make sure to make sure to
subscribe by clicking somewhere on this
screen and you can watch one of his
videos that just randomly pops up thumbs
it up bro thumbs it up I will see you
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
