oh wow now that's awesome
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another video
so I'm gonna be completely honest today
we have some family coming in from out
of town visiting us and because of that
a lot of my day is going to be taken up
however instead of leaving you with a
short day or a short vlog I'm gonna
actually add in something that's gonna
make today's vlog really really special
now two days ago you guys saw we went to
one of our friends farms they had loads
of exotic animals which are really cool
but besides from that he has an amazing
sneaker collection which I didn't show
because the vlog was so long and I
thought I'd keep it for a special video
and today is the day so after this clip
you're gonna jump straight into two days
ago where I was at the farm and I'm
gonna show you his sneaker collection oh
my god if you are a sneaker fan I think
he has every single shoe you must want
to see anyways I hope you guys enjoy
I'll try and have the value of the
sneakers under them because most issues
are extremely rare and have ridiculous
resale prices which are just ah make
sure to check out his channel as well
because he does have a sneaker channel
where he shows all his new sneakers and
the new ones which he buys and it's just
generally amazing so I'll see you guys
with the sneaker room and then we can
continue the rest of today's vlog peace
brush it's taking us over to the famous
sneaker room he has if you're a sneaker
fan he probably has every shoe you've
ever wanted so let's go take a look so
we're now going to go to the sneaker as
you can see they're making their way
through this place it looks amazing and
here we are guys shoe heaven oh my god I
love this blazer it's like a little kid
I can't I need to see everything so
thank you for taking 24 karat gold they
were these cool don't any course okay
you see I'm how many i roasted in my
comment section I'm not the best with
names so
keep going guys today we're going to be
doing a little shoe review for you guys
so the rarest and the best the Jordan
does dunce the Jordan just dawns are you
going to get your hands on these
probably not probably not very very bad
anything so that's what that vacuum
brushes are like the best shooting in
the world again nobody thinks money best
shooter that killer in your heart this
is that and drape ov you yeah I knew it
are you a collector you know I'm done
trizzie oh yours sure let's see let's
yeah oh you know yeah I'm kind of good
myself start turning there you go the
drink yo kicks
alright that's the exact yes hi next up
all the you guys know easy easy easy
moong daal feel every good wow it's like
the first time I think easy to get
myself overloaded yeah let's hit that
 she goes well let's meet Lord this
is when he was you wonder championship
okay cool I smoking a cigar
okay you won the first drink so she got
Jordan subsea other a great deal
as well see moment you shouldn't let
gently we was think he was holding it as
he got him smoking as you got thinking a
champagne oh so that's the - that's how
they came about that it's awesome look
how gorgeous and you know really cool
yeah last year's championship after
championship back
whoa look at that last hell was that
okay look at that green I think you know
this one very easy if these yes not bad
stuff the grand finale
people out there are legit killing each
other over the shoot holy and you just
have 750 yeah where they just a foot
I might make two videos together today I
might have to see much it as a separate
video so here you go by this way yeah is
it like when you go on side thank you
yeah those are this is this money I
think that is to not a fortune all 2014
Oh turn it right a 2k 14 game I know I'm
gonna watch it watch other side balances
Wow look at that
no other bottom you're gonna see it's
like a signature oh this is like the
most this is probably the most expensive
sneaker duction in the world where
you're just taking any loss expenses
also Maybelline you know makeup so onion
businesses you're gonna fill this whole
place up yeah this is one of the house
so this is just like the cornet yes yeah
is my Chicago's is the first Air Jordan
you should have to take are you just you
probably know I've said something
similar to this with the holes but
that's the 1i office okay see how I'm
like a new bike to learn about the
sneaker game this is the one point five
most the difference we took a mix or I
got that choice of 2 sonics ones this
year and put this in the Jordan one this
one he wore the same color this is the
1.5 is another letter step you oh it's
like this little keyboard the same color
and then for cheaper it says less than
you want that's what Elysium look it's
Casey for diesel pizza storage you know
how sugar for yourself
500 Wow okay oh now that's awesome
they're going to choose outweighs so it
shows a cream is I'm - oh wow look at
that that's shiny yeah yeah no that's
what I love just like no look at me now
ah very good
this is like
okay I know you could time Oh Christian
Louboutin oh yeah you can tell my so
guys the right okay this is Nike oh
really
I'm slammed by the broad Jim said he
that killeth uh Nikola two o'clock
although it romantic exactly shootin it
and swallow
yeah um I was gonna kill me the colors a
little descendants gonna sue them yeah
yeah I know
why do you guys I think I'm gonna be a
lot you don't go through so definitely
check out his channel you out like that
whole thing there so you got poison
stores they look like something that's
where you sure they're gonna sold out
there fighting produce it some people
booked a gun shots oh my goodness don't
be we're gonna sell for this year about
this II saw this one this is the one Wow
what you put that down yeah my blues
okay you know just here on my sneaker so
yeah Nancy Sheppard yeah yeah nice
t-shirt and you know here's money pics
when we don't know we don't big out here
with your cakes that ones like you
something what is that that would sign
yeah besides I'm young
young on them she wants it no
young thug have you signed those Jordans
because I though I've seen these on
another YouTube shadows over Wow so you
go big condition right it's perfect and
that's a wrap guys so hopefully you have
enjoyed the sleeper see you guys next
time on buddy kids
okay we're back I hope you guys enjoyed
that sneaker collection my family just
left we spend a good couple of hours
with them and look what came in the post
right before they got here as well
because massive package from India I
have no idea what's in it very very
light so I'm just going to leave that
and we'll open it and not
day before now I want to actually go
give in this camera for repair I'm so
dumb because I put this on it and I
think I might need to take it off if I
send it into repair so I'm not too sure
the reason I'm giving it in for repairs
look at okay do you see that guys the
lens is supposed to open up fully which
I'll show you how I can there you see
but it doesn't there's loads more
problems with the end it's just faulty
that's why I had to buy this one
so yeah let's go before we go I've got
one more thing to mention this morning
one of you guys by the year Scott came
by and gave me this key now I thought
the key to success you know dj khaled
but apparently this is a key to a
restaurant and okay wait wait let me
explain it better that didn't sound
right but it's a key and you need this
to go eat at this certain restaurant and
I found that really really cool he said
you can find it over like I know just
all over the place and Dubai I'm
guessing but you don't find it like
often so there you go the key to success
by the way my mom's just getting ready
she's coming with me my sister's still
working on her paintings obviously she
does that like most the time but you
guys don't see it we just made it to the
mall I gave my car in for a wash
it's absolutely filthy like I didn't
wash it properly the other day so I
thought give it in right now I have no
idea how I got my card this dirty that's
just gross okay there you go let's put a
plus sign on it and leave it guys I ran
into my friend Hershey right here how's
it going
it's good yeah I always love seeing my
you know dressed up costumes I think I
kind of sneaked up on him you didn't
even see me guy here with my friend
Hershey anyways let's go over to the
cannon shop right now and see what they
can do about my camera I just went to
the cannon store and they gave me the
number to their head office and the
location they recommended I went there
because they said over here a driver
comes to the branch once a week and they
said if they take my camera in it could
be back like within a month which is a
really long time I don't want my camera
to be gone for that long so instead I'll
just take down this and then go there
another day me and my mom are going to
be testing out this massage chair we
have no idea how to make your work
though that's the only problem okay
something is going on there working oh
okay it's detecting my shoulder position
my bad
feels weird really that's relaxing I'm
Justin super dry at the movement and my
mum is actually shopping for herself for
a once okay this is what she picked but
it looks okay but it's a bit big that's
the only thing and they don't have a
small size which is uh it's okay it's
okay I don't know do you want it too big
okay so guys I ran into Sanjay in the
Superdry store come back I can appear
and she's made on the vlog so you guys
remember the last time he was here yeah
I mean girls like you early but two
challenges right somebody challenge oh
yeah yeah I call you remember that so
long Cyrus slow and I was like the $50
shopping caddy ass I'm yeah we couldn't
get anything in my budget but good
seeing you again on the vlog I mean yeah
thumbs up for Sanjay I'm so mad
okay that was a Rick wait we're on the
wrong floor mommy for on her uncle
it's just normally we park our car here
but when we got to the wall the guy was
like come come let me wash your car and
we part upstairs where we don't normally
park anyway let's go see how my car
turned out better be clean and better be
clean oh my god
my car legit looks like you could lick
it and you won't get a grain of dust it
looks so clean right now let's just
cherish it my mom said compared to why
did yesterday
my job was filthy like this is what you
call a car wash man hey hey sometime
mummy
look at this I'm back at the petrol
station guys because I swear I don't
know how my car keeps running out of
fuel my mom just quickly grabbed
something there she is she's coming is
the door unlocked how'd you get mommy Oh
Oh what is that you got moist
Nutella snacks not elastics oh my god
anyways I've just realized okay I'm
kidding I don't think the car drinks
petrol every time I fill up
I don't even pay that much so I just
think that the tank on this car is small
compared to like the other cars we've
had like the Range Rover so I think
that's why I keep thinking it's drinking
petrol but every time I fill up I
realize I'm filling up much less than
than cards Oh mommy you're balling
balling balling
whenever I fill up my tank my car gets
more power but I feel worried nice more
petrol yeah okay I'm gonna accelerate
anymore
you smell that
is that dangerous guys I'm not sure okay
let's bring up my window I don't want to
smell it anymore since I'm home let me
show you my sister's painting and how it
has changed from yesterday because the
whole canvas is now painted I think the
first layer is almost done but you can't
tell much so let me go ahead and show
you what it looks like so far so boom
there you go guys it's just you can
barely tell anything I think the only
thing you can tell at the moment is
there's going to be mountains that's it
but nice job first layer complete almost
just because I like to fill you guys in
on everything that goes on tomorrow
10:00 a.m. I have a business meeting
with a company now you guys probably
know I literally never name companies
until like something does go through
them that's because I swear I've had so
many meetings and nothing has come off
then because I guess we could have come
to terms but let's see tomorrow could be
a good luck
third time lucky I think this is the
third meeting I'm having so yeah third
time is the charm
so let's see if we can get somewhere
with these meetings and finally get some
stuff done come on beau businessman of
the year okay no not really good anyways
guys I'm going to wrap up today's blog
here I'm not sure if you could tell or
actually my pajamas right now I'm gonna
go to bed straight after I end the vlog
but I hope you guys did enjoy today's
vlog even though the vlogging section of
it wasn't really proper as I explained I
had family around and we were just
catching up with them but to us I did
leave you in the special video
I love sneakers myself so that video to
me was just so enjoyable to make because
I saw all of the shoes I've ever wanted
in my hands I Easy's limited edition
Jordans the Christian Louboutin Knight
which I never knew existed kind of
fooled me with that one I did you
thought they were Christian Louboutins
this is the red bottom but anyways I'll
see you guys some more with another vlog
hit the like button if you have enjoyed
Yolo Yolo goodbye
