oh this is my biggest nightmare and
today bob was did it jumping over the
wall so on the other side of that
woman's art garden and he's actually
jumped over now my mom is giving me the
box I try to put him in that box yeah I
don't think he's gonna let me you scared
of the box that bubbles please
it smells like horse shit behind here
what's up calm buddy I'm trying to relax
him come come come come
so beau was actually managed to climb up
the tree himself and go over and I'm
stuck on this side now he basically he
tried to actually run this way and he
would have gone to the road I think and
if he went that way that's also leading
to a road so let me get myself around
and yeah look oh where I have to go
through I imagine if Boas came here
there was no way I would have found him
again okay there's something in my
shoots like a thorn so annoying alright
thank you I know why I'm gonna go now
this guy needs a wash for sure okay look
at this let's see if we can oh yeah
dusty do you see the things I do for
this guy I jumped over a wall to try and
save him and he got back and left me
there he is such a snake he just ditched
me what you have to say for that why was
he just completely ditched me on the
other side of the wall
anyways I never got to introduce today's
vlog because of what just happened
yo yo yo everyone how are you doing well
I'm not the best myself my favorite pair
of jeans are now covered in horse poo
yes there was fertilizer on the other
side of the wall and I sat down trying
to make bubbles come to me because
that's the only way he kind of come see
if you sit down if you start chasing him
we'll keep running and yeah Thank You
bubbles now I have to just burn these
pants so you guys probably know this but
for the past 1 week I've been taking my
car everywhere and it's gotten so sandy
to the point the guy needs help like
look at this it is so dirty I could just
put 4 fingers on this bad boy and I look
like it's just ridiculous so I think
it's about time we helped him out and
clean them up
mom turn on the pipe okay let's just
make Bobby no turn it down turn it down
turn it down what the hell was that
Sakhi slowly turn it on this time please
okay okay there we go
there we go Oh Oh boys
oh my god oh my god I think we should
give my sister's car little wash to look
at this baby nice and clean
oh yeah mommy turn it off turn it off
turn it off please please mommy it's too
much that's looking better it's actually
shiny now all right not bad I am the
worst person at cleaning a car ever it's
actually looking really really shiny did
you see that
good job more okay is that good yes
Bobby put it in the floor angles I just
realized that whole wash I did was
completely pointless okay look at this
do you see that this is all dusty stout
how I just whoa my god nothing has gone
off like the dust is all here now that
I've wiped all the dust of my car I can
move on to I actually wanted to do and
yeah I'm gonna be spray-painting my
Mustang I've always wanted to see how a
blue mustard
Mumm Mumm you need to show them the
Mustang what are you showing them my
card
my mom always does this guy's okay as I
was saying when we spray paints Mustang
because I've always wanted to see how a
blue mustang would look like so I
thought why not did it today guys I'm
sorry my mom was like I don't know why
are we pointing at that cloud is gonna
do it guys
so all jokes aside guys it's finally
time to spray-paint this orange Mustang
now I really want to know how will it
look like because it looks really really
gorgeous in orange but as you guys
probably know I love spray-painting
things I love customizing them and
that's why I had to do it especially
with one of your gifts because they look
really really awesome so let's get
straight into this and see how this guy
swing looks I'm going to start off by
covering the parts I don't want spray
paint and sellotape now it's going to be
the window obviously and the parts which
are already black so I'm not sure how
exactly again this is not going to be
exact
fit so I need to do in a couple tries
okay we need some more sellotape now
there's actually a lot birds outside
just chirping so that's gonna be kind of
annoying okay here's how it looks now
that it's been covered with cellotape
let's see how this turns out I'm gonna
miss you mustang this is a bit more show
by the way here you go before okay okay
one two three
the interior is now blue as well okay
so as you can see guys is fully
submerged with blue spray-paint I can't
wait to see after we can peel off this
part and see how it looks like I think
it should turn out very cool wow that's
a lot of spray paint right you see that
okay
I'll be back in like half an hour and we
can see what we've done as you guys saw
I washed my car today and my sister's
somehow felt like washing hers too while
you wash yours can you wash mine as well
I don't think I did mine properly don't
you the bonnet you see it's like not
properly washed I don't I did it but I
think I need to like you know scrub it
down to get the dust off Oh
oh boy a wet car that always looks
awesome it's wet out here oh my god it's
like a flood what have you done so I'm
quickly gonna run out to buy something
and don't worry once I get back home I'm
going to show you how the Mustang turned
out but the reason I'm going out is
because I want to buy myself some
suction mounts from my car now basically
every car type of vlogger has one now
I'm not really a car vlogger but I do
vlog a lot in the car so I thought I
needed it so let's go out and buy some
one with my mom obviously oh wow this
place is flooded look at it we washed
our cars like a mess
anyways let's quickly pop out and buy
some of these so this is what I meant
when I told you guys I wanted to get
like a suction thing you just put this
on your dashboard and it like bends
around all over the place and you can
just put your camera without holding as
such you can see I'm just I
for you guys here idea which way is it
this way and now you truly can't pull it
off at all so that's what I'm gonna get
we've actually come by to buy Marina and
the view is incredible like there's
loads and loads of yachts if you can see
behind me like they're all parked out
there it's funny because when I was in
year 9 and 10 year one of our friends
owned a yacht and it was next to this
move Food Festival center or something
was known verdict festival I can't
remember the exact name of the mall but
it had like a parking like this so it's
straight when you'd come out the mall
like we just did there'd be a parking of
yachts and I remember going this yacht
and playing PlayStation it was so sick
they also had like two jet skis and
everything but we weren't allowed to use
them because we don't have permission
anyways me and my mom were just here to
do a bit of relaxing oh my god my body
aches so bad I think I haven't moved
myself for a while so check this out
this is the way to go to the yachts but
you can't because there's a door and you
need an access key here so if you had
one could actually walk over and just
check out all the mutes or you can do
the daring and jump over but then if I
fall in the water I'm doomed let me jump
it jump it just jump over jump over and
make it to the other side alright we
made it up and yeah we don't really get
anywhere there's a restaurant but look
for my laughs year look at the view from
here mum it's been a really really long
time since I've actually seen a Gallardo
I don't know why but here we have a
really
bright-orange Gallardo and it's
convertible all the way over there look
at the Ferrari putting its roof on you
see that okay
that is awesome anyways I remember when
girl artists were extremely popular they
were my sister's favorite like absolute
favorite car she loved them to bits and
that is a really nice colored Gallardo
it's like this bright I don't know it
looks red on camera but it's like bright
it's like dark orange ish I'm extremely
scared of heights guys look on the left
that is just ridiculous okay nope not
doing that I hate Heights I'm standing
as much of this side as I can that side
is nothing let's take the Batmobile and
go eat it is really really dirty mommy
look at that all the water drops and
everything I might as well install this
onto my car right now while we're here
and see how well this suction cup thing
works okay unboxing in the car time
let's go Oh Brooks um okay wait let me
show you what happens basically pretty
much this thing just goes onto my
dashboard as you can see and then you
tighten it not tighten now anyone can
pull it off and then this thing attaches
it to the bottom of the camera I'm using
right now I want it to be a bit higher
there we go
and now we can tighten accurately no no
no no no no alright so at the moment I
think it's recording right check now we
can check for me I'll put you guys on
the mount we need to use a mirror to try
and see you guys there you go you can
see yourself now and yes it is recording
so that is great
I just look so cool right now from my
perspective
where do we need to go Johnny go eat
some food mummy
what was that kid saying did he say more
oh I think somebody recognized me the
other day one of my friends suggested
something that I should put on the vlog
and the reason I'm putting it is as well
as I'm suggesting it loads and loads of
people always ask me this and I'm oh
what songs do you listen to make a
playlist for us and I've done just that
with like a new set of songs I've really
been into lately so let's start off hey
these are not new songs by the way they
could be old as well so this one's like
two three months old
don't say that hope you enjoyed that
first song this is another song for my
playlist it's a really new song from
Rihanna it's good work
okay along you should know this okay
y'all need to get done done done work
come over
we just need to slow to motion since we
are home now let me show you the Mustang
so let's see how it turned out I just
got it from outside okay this is how it
looks like at the moment okay I need to
patch up these parts but let's take up
the sellotape and see how this bad boy
came out so I said I take this whole top
part you can't see already oh my god oh
my god so much sellotape look at that oh
oh okay don't worry I thought I did too
much but nope that is fine that is fine
so let's just quickly peel it off that's
really cool it's starting to look really
awesome you see that it's all coming up
as I said I take down a little lot oh
are you ready to see the new and
improved blue mustang yes you
I want to apologize because I did a very
very bad job with this Mustang do you
see all of that I mean it isn't quite
Janna Mies the rapping was kind of bold
low standards very bad but don't worry
cuz I'm gonna go over all the orange
parts in blue and hopefully I'll perfect
out later but that is what I did I
actually like you I'm not even gonna lie
I like it I really like the blue over
the orange that's just me because my
favorite color is blue so that is my new
Mustang what I'm about to show you is
going to be something really really
special now a lot of you should know my
sister is an oil painting artist but
we've never showed her do it on the blog
so right now she's in her like office
from out say or where she does her
paintings and I don't think you've ever
shown you her in action so I'm going to
go up there because she's doing a
painting right now so here we are guys a
lot of special headquarter offices where
she draws her painting so this is her
idea board I'm not even sure what it is
just a board yeah just to make you fancy
in this office Lana rolls and then this
is where she works so as you can see
this is a freshly started painting first
layer it's the first day it's the first
one we've shown on the blog as well Oh
what is it gonna be guys but basically
guys the process of my sister goes
through first of all she does her like
drafting or whatever you call it in this
book so do not steal this book please
that is the Holy Grail that's where all
the planning goes into and then what she
has her idea she just puts it here and
the rest is history
whoa this is the first layer you're not
gonna be able to tell much once the
first layer is done I'm outline and then
I'm going to build up the color so I
need like I normally go for like four or
five to be honest I'm not a genius when
it comes to like painting but I will
tell you this what you see now has no
representation of how the page and it
turned out because even sometimes my
sister's like two layers in and I'm like
what is this
then two layers after that like what how
did that thing become this thing so it
really does change when the layers go by
and yeah this is just a very very
earliest process of it oh my god oh my
god yeah but this one is just the first
day eventually I'm gonna close in here
yeah okay we wrote here we won't tell
you all affair we won't touch it okay
okay you guys have to way around bye
yeah she has a cameras on that that's
because of the more vlogs people all of
you gave her supporting record it yeah
my brother asked me to record it because
he said I think people yeah I think
people could want to see like the
process a thumbs up if you do yeah I
don't know how you're gonna fall for it
so much of videos everything is gonna be
put to me like there's gonna be like 50
hours you're gonna blog ok I want a
really nice five-minute video out this
how like we have my memory card a 64 gig
and hers is a hundred and twenty eight
gigs and she goes through like war so
anyways we're gonna leave her to our
work guys thumbs up if you want to see
more of my sister's paintings she
normally doesn't show it but you know mo
blows get that gets the exclusive access
to Lana Rose pains because I know
because once it goes second third there
you're gonna get the idea and I would
like to show the fun okay so this is the
only thing we're gonna see until the
final project guy I'm sorry
Oh anyways good luck with your painting
we'll see you soon okay now we get out
of the private office so see you guys
somewhere with another vlog yah yah know
goodbye
