what up logs over here mr. goodbye life
thank you so much for sharing I have
been your blog Cali ago same camera the
yo-yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today we're actually going for a
special special event but look oh you
have to do it before we go so my cats
are currently just sitting on the tree
and the wall and they refuse to come
down
what come down guys I need to go to an
event you guys caught me out all day no
you just you just want to sit there
alright fine
I can't do anything I guess me and my
sister are actually heading over to a
super car club event right now so it
should be really dope gonna be loads of
other supercars as always now we're
going to be visiting two fancy hotels so
let's get on the way and see what's up
over there so I'll catch you once we get
there hey okay what is this new songs in
the making so drastic
so we've come to this fancy Polo Club
here today as you can see I'm guessing
these are some horse stables and stuff
like that we're actually gonna have our
breakfast if they are still serving it
we're very late so I doubt there's gonna
be any breakfast left for us but you
know we'll still try and like grab like
a little croissant or start grabbing
whatever is left okay we finally made it
over here to the events so I'm going to
take you through the lineup of the cars
so first of all we have this yellow
Aventador as you saw on the way here
followed by this gorgeous McLaren they
kind of match so that's really really
awesome then moving on a red rose Royce
I don't know why I really like this
light blue like GTR it just looks so so
cool then we have a Ferrari 488 followed
by a Mercedes GTS then S Coupe a and
then finally our car the rhetoric on was
here but he quickly went to pick up
another Aventador it's coming then
moving on we have another GTS OD r8
Aston Martin and a huge lineup of cars
here as well so I'm just going to
quickly walk while showing you guys them
absolutely gorgeous you guys remember
the screen here I can write these things
they're really awesome like I've
actually never I've seen them but I just
never like know anything about them like
how many horsepower are they well are
they I just don't know they're just a
really cool anyways more cars are coming
so we should expect a couple more
I actually felt one of them
accelerations like a bullet hit me in my
ears like that mad by the way guys no
shortage so it has a plane spare because
not great in exhaust system this is by
far the loudest car over here hmm you do
not want to be in the way ok let's just
move out anyways we're gonna go have
some breakfast right now and then we're
heading off to do our run with the car
like you know the run you guys should
know it just a bit of accelerating ok
she's happy about her dress cuz as
colorful as you can see don't know you
can do what you are okay let's go out
some breakfast now and we'll catch you
guys for the run ok so at the moment
everybody is eating over there we just
came to show you the view because look
at this you have our own Polo Club over
here what's up
so podium work involves horses right so
along this strip you can just imagine
amazing four C's where the horses at
though when the horse is at doe man I'm
watch the games breakfast is officially
finished and I think it's time for
everybody to head off so let's get
headed yo-yo squad
this one by far one and the red bow this
is supercars man Wow
it's like a pile of toys on top of the
jar this is madness right here was that
your car making that noise was that your
car making that noise
that's great that's the crossbow guys
thank you we actually have to divide
police escorting us so that's going to
be really awesome
so many guards are here there you go
that's going to be our escort for today
this is just amazing Wow
Charlie John I've no idea what happened
I'm trying to go away to the front of
the crew mission catch up boys we're
trying to get to the front
we brought ourselves behind the loudest
Aventador you hear why are you holding
your hairbrush
scared of the revs some more going by my
sister Aston Martin okay
police pulled us to the set okay we're
pulling over I don't know exactly why
I'm not sure exactly what's going on I
think they're taking some bows but we're
kind of standing alongside the road okay
people are getting out at the front so I
can see yes got to take a silver here by
the desert by the way if you're
wondering where we are look at this are
you putting out do we get out the car or
no I see me one in the front getting out
but as you can see we stopped by I'm
guessing they're taking some bows but
look at this it's not everyday you see
this alongside the road Lamborghinis
MacLaren's as the mines you name it we
have it here this is mental okay you
know I'm just gonna walk down take a
look us on the guys whoa
never legit form the line of supercars
this is crazy
listen to echoes those cars made
we are catching up in this race
overtaking the fifth place the fourth
place we are many kids oh my god this
seriously ready
I can okay
this is
babies think you was going to go down
the Bowen is the police is at the front
front and everything going on I think I
said we've done behind the police so all
I just going ahead and back ahead a
black gray buddy but yeah
you
what are you doing drive the car you
touching the better with a hand like
they make sure it's working think you're
going mad now
that's entrance they actually gave us
these Sun protector type of thing sign
shake so we're gonna put it inside now
cuz I think we're gonna be eating in
there and as you can see it's super
sunny so you know why not protect the
car from some Sun oh yeah open it up on
this side yep you got it that's good
whoo
after that journey we finally made it to
the bowl chefs guys cars are finally
parked up look at this orange red yellow
blue okay yours cannot fit we don't have
white skills well yeah amazing lineup as
you can see we're actually gonna go I
gave the car
your exhausts are really loud like when
you drive by I'm like whoa you've
upgraded them right I'm responsible
yeah anyway tell me in the code section
what your favorite car over here is and
got the Ross Royster pick from the
McLaren's you also got that X bar over
there let's not forget about that bad
boys bad boys what you're gonna do and
what you're gonna do when they come for
you
we're gonna go inside to the I swear I
am so sweaty right now that I'm boiling
out here like hot and we're in the
desert right give me the keys I'm
robbing this okay look at this couch
we're just cooling down and like the way
I think everybody's gone inside to let's
go why did we even stay here just I just
realized that we just stayed anyways
look it is really awesome entrance oh we
missed the hot towels they were handing
out you know what I'm taking one myself
here you go here you go the hot towels
they're kind of cold now but you know
why not just white one if your hands
with it okay anyways let's get headed
inside we missed everything we're gonna
miss the whole food by the time you take
your photos show them your school what
the view is right now there you go check
it out looks like this hopefully a palm
tree this amazing walking along this
desert look yo imagine imagine you were
stranded here and there's nothing it's
like yeah there's trees let's trees yeah
you could drink okay you're giving us
nice drinks over here oh they're getting
us drinks whoa yes you don't know how
much I needed this what is this that is
mint and lemon juice mint a lemon thank
you so much I would have died
you saved our life thank you nice just
so refreshing we take this inside thank
you I feel I needed this so bad alright
now it's like I wanna keep it to my face
guys you know guys I need to tell you
what was right we were standing over
there he was like telling me off you
know why do I even I don't know why come
to these events and Isis today you know
your son no coach
there's nobody everybody from our group
has gone there it reaming everything on
me guys I'm not kidding guys there's the
word you're the only people here you
made us sit on the couch for a while I
don't know what he was doing and then he
blames it on me I'm not because I needed
a tissue guys oh yeah let's go find
where everybody is this is beautiful
have you been here exactly have you been
here or somewhere else
exactly I went somewhere another extra
I mean again
they're actually doing a little raffle
right now I guess who's going to be
cooling the winner they asked my sister
to do it so if we win it's gonna look so
rigged I told her make sure if we win
hold the check out don't put it back in
so I think you cheered we're gonna have
to go and take the prize if it's not
Calvin I'm taking the prize little
surprised by the way have no idea of the
prizes
maybe you in a lab mood or something
okay you need your bike here
Lana Rose here is going to do the
drawing who we are doing the drawing for
the Chanel it's number 13
you're even number 13 that's kinda what
they do you have a lucky number 13 lucky
winner thank you number 25 25 mr. Moore
where are you come on guys we can win
this one it's number 5 and that's my car
don't think again darn it guys one job
she had to do she had to just rigged the
election oh that's all I gave you to do
anyways let's go sit down and eat now we
finally finished at the ball champs guys
the event is finally over we just ate
some delicious food and look at the view
is incredible here we had a nice chillax
time we're gonna head off now get the
cars and yeah let's continue is a great
way to start the day
a gorgeous supercar event see ya bye I
think they're setting up like a mini
race
they say they say my sister Sola Cara
from far as Isaac ever the secular I'm
in every matching they couldn't get
proper
ha ha ha ha hey God you would see them
Wow look at the sand on the road guys
what it's so good with the Sun their
sand gets blown across the road on the
way back we have to listen to my
sister's music so let's see what she's
picking for us there's something nice
what is this some motorbike say music
run by by the way we're so thirsty we
forgot to drink that we were having such
a nice time some also be bar over there
like today was so fun from the people we
met like they're just so cool Oh
Lani like chocolate laughs hey not now
where'd you find this YouTube playlist
Oh
I'm heading out right now by myself now
it's been such a hectic day but I'm
gonna be going to the downtown Burj
Khalifa area I'm meeting up with Russian
you guys know him he had the insane shoe
collection and I might be meeting with a
special youtuber so I'm not gonna say
until we get there so it can be a
surprise for you guys so let's go over
and see what's up
hey girl since I'm by the valley in the
downtown area I wanted to show you a
really cool car this is a purple gt3rs
absolutely love these cars and this is
the first time I'm seeing a purple one
it's got a Saudi plate so that's really
awesome
I just came too fast you guys and I got
myself some chocolate I absolutely love
the chocolate they have over here so I
couldn't resist getting myself a box
anyways I think the place I was supposed
to go was do actually here it is a
downtown area but it's not in the more
so that's why I gave me our Lackey
before I head off let me get myself some
chocolate but I made it over two hours
to beat rush it and then look but look
at these cars in the parking what
Aventador roadster matte black that's
crazy okay I love this car
and that's not even the only car over
here in this parking that's just one of
them then we have a red roadster and the
Blue Ranger or what what this is crazy
oh my god this is epic i love these
roadsters that's amazing so guys I came
over and this is Russian as you can
your money chicks don't forget through
this red saucer as well just hang out
with Kim and Ratan exactly another and
I'll show you a lair but yeah they're
going now they have to go to a
basketball event and yells great having
object long sucker yeah okay a football
event sorry anyway I'll see you soon you
start that I blog check out this dessert
so much crisscross and thank you snap
perfume
it's that review you got
what is that is rare I love it number 88
baby check out the awesome desert I'm
having right now huge shout out to criss
cross welcome more vlogs and I'm having
this delicious cake awesome so guys I
find him out with Vitaly
here he is what up what up loves over
here mister goodbye lies thank you so
much amazing guys check them out so in
the description I find you man so do you
Austin but thank you I appreciate that
in your blog value bro
linking same camera but yeah guys shout
out to you Scott
yeah I came over to this restaurant
because the daddy was having a me agreed
and as you can see we did me out with
him he's over there just doing a bit of
talking but yeah like a small thing I
didn't record too much because it was
like a more chillax vibe I think they're
leaving that you can see and yell see
them soon oh great our ages by the way
guys I wanted to introduce you to Johnny
just by actually the lighting is so bad
here I'm too black that's what it is I
really know
Namie Erasmo can you see him that light
of my feet oh we see with like super
fighting guys shout out grade just shout
out vitaly - bye next time you come back
we should definitely do something out
when a local oh my camera died I can't
watch local bridge or yeah I got what's
one anything but you guys would check
out is the vibe home and it comes out
alright guys as you saw I just melt with
Vitaly and a lot of people actually
didn't know he was in Dubai and he was
actually really really nice guys to
shout out to him shout to rush it he
told me to come today he was like yeah
he's doing a meet-and-greet so he let me
know about it but it was really awesome
had some delicious dessert at crisscross
like the dessert made my day like I I'm
a few do you guys know that I'm gonna
head off home now me out with my mom's
sister or my mom whoever's home
basically
and yes you what's up over there yeah
guys I just got home and I put all the
shopping in my hand but let's try and
freak out my grandma I let's go outside
man this isn't working she's not
impressed by anything Haley
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here
everybody I'm finally home just
chillaxing I'm so so tired right now you
guys don't even believe it but tomorrow
I might also be doing something really
special but I'm not gonna say just in
case I don't wake up because it's
happening early in the morning and I'm
really tired so if my alarm clock wakes
me up tomorrow we have another special
vlog but if you did enjoy today's look
please make sure to hit the like button
so I know and yet stay awesome everybody
I love you all yah Yolo
goodbye
