yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so you're probably wondering why am I
sitting on the floor right now so this
morning master lugnuts came by as you
can see and he came with two packages so
I thought why not try a on the floor
mail time for you guys this morning so
I'm gonna open what he brought five and
yeah let's see what's in this packet
what is going on behind me yeah so on
the spot Jonah actually hold this day
yeah right there will do that's great
also I like the back of it that's really
cool what is that is that the logo yes
my logo so yeah and I got a layer on the
back there's a picture over here on the
back of that book there you go guys
my neighbors are going by looking at me
seeing on the floor and yeah generally
an awesome way to start the day anyways
I'm gonna go have breakfast guys I hope
you enjoyed thank you so much for these
cool things the shirt I'm definitely
gonna wear it and yeah I knew yesterday
yo Scott actually peace on the streets
but alright bye guys inside I was
setting up myself some online banking
you know wanted to do a bit of online
shopping and my account or my bank has
locked me out of my account because I
tried doing it way too many times and I
just couldn't do it right and now I have
to go all the way to the bank to sort
that out this morning so that's where
I'm actually heading over now let's go
for this shirt back inside and go tell
the bank to give my money back like what
the hell how could they lock me up my
own account I made it over to the mall
in the morning
and surprisingly even now the valley is
pretty full right we've got a GTS over
here as you can see a Porsche a Corvette
and loads of other the cars over there
as well
I finally got my bank accounts all right
guys look at the great view at the mall
like we've seen out there so much where
we kind of stopped now I don't know why
anyways I'm gonna head up home now you
know it's funny you know in the valley
YC do you remember that Porsche gt3 RS I
saw when I went to that car event trying
the new Lambo it's parked right here so
let's check it out look at this bad
board you guys remember I remember
seeing this exact one I'm pretty sure it
was this exact one it's got the same
rims and everything and it also got a
red Bentley and one of my favorite cars
over there you know the Rolls Royce and
blue the gorgeous car and a couple other
nice ones anyways I'm gonna head up home
to take my grandma out you know what's
funny I used to go to the divine for
literally every day and you guys know
that cuz you're the one saying MIMO why
do we go to derive more but since my
grandma has been here we haven't taken
her there once also there's a really
gorgeous blue rolls-royce it kind of
matches my t-shirt email you know it's
funny what there's a supercar in the
parking
you could just hear it but you can't see
a lie here a supercar in The Barking
just can't see it this song is amazing
off okay right now I'm gonna be taking
my mom and grandma over to Dubai Mall
and I kind of convinced them to go for a
selfish reason and I'll tell you I
lately I've been watching loads of
videos on YouTube do you know the coin
pusher machines are you both going in
and it pushes the rest and you can win
like stuff from it I've been watching so
many of them and I've actually been
addicted to it like I want to go over to
the buy more to see if they have a coin
pusher machine to play because that that
thing just looks so that you put a coin
in if we are it's just I want to do that
I guarantee if they have on there I'm
winning like I'm taking the whole pot
off there somehow by the way my grandma
is so scared of cats and grumpy is
standing opposite her Oh Oh grumpy
attack attack anyways let's go grumpy
grumpy no no grumpy don't do that don't
we stop in the games over here in the
Bywater there's loads of games that
never used to be here like that thing
that's actually like an indoor ride I'm
trying to look around but I don't think
they have the coin machine so I might
just find some other stuff how can they
do I have a fog machine that's not my
favorite game
the stinky monster and the only reason
is in America they have this game and
you can win easy like this game but
imagine a load of Easy's on it so I'm
gonna try out for myself
here goes nothing guys I know I'm going
to news about I'm trying regardless
again
I've never been
I have to hold it oh that was such
always
yeah I need to hold to that
I suck at this game
isogai you know what guys I'm going to
try one more time if I thought when this
machine is rigged like I just wanna do
it it's so BS the first time I just
press the button and I thought it
supposed to just go up til I press it
again okay we lost turn okay you know
that was the biggest waste of like $15
ever okay mommy okay you know what let's
go let's go one hand be eyes one hand
I'm recording with the other hand okay
you know up three two on a let's see can
we do it can we do it
please give me an iPhone okay three I
need you to stay focused here
okay this one has it Oh Oh dice such BS
I got cheated so hard that's the I'm not
playing again man this is rape this is
very good it was this close did you see
that guys this close and I lost here
a lot name this game again like this is
definitely racing I swear I guess so bad
like up in the game section all the time
you know what I'm just gonna play a
random game let's just play this just
drop a ball in there and see what you
win all right mommy don't play this game
yeah you're you're the lucky charm from
now on you know I give up
yeah you just have to press one button
let's see how you do
oh okay we want a big number come on oh
oh no no no no yes bonus bonus go
this game is playing with our motion
there is such a cheat I swear we
actually have one this machine so many
times before like these huge teddy bears
I don't know should we drive for her or
shri play another game do you think
we'll win
okay you know what because of the yo-yo
squad we'll try everything out today
here let's try come on guys we have to
win something today any this
I guess I got ya
okay here goes nothing oh no I did it
turn turn
I tried to get in between things okay
I swear these machines are you know I'm
going to speak on because there is
growing adult in the game section how
did you kids do with this like I've lost
for for death today
I don't even know I am so done with the
game section right now I feel like I
just got scammed out all I money I I
didn't win anything I want 20 tickets it
doesn't even get you like a bubblegum
anyways we're gonna meet up with some
family Fred's down and yeah see you once
I see you yes
so guys currently on with some family
doing shopping they're like in the other
side of the store but they've come in to
Dolce and Gabanna because they need to
buy their son like some jeans and stuff
so that's what I've been doing if you
guys were wondering just walk around
shopping with them and showing them
around like I was running around trying
to organizer everybody was like they
didn't know where to be up sounds like a
you wait wait there I'm going to pick
you up we finally finished off with our
family yes I came by downtown Burch area
always loved this view just look at that
man it never gets old it really never
gets old by the way guys have you seen
that they actually have boat rides here
in the downtown birch area so I'm pretty
sure that means that the war show isn't
starting anytime soon anyways just came
to check out this view as always I swear
I just I just smile every time I see the
Burj Khalifa it's just that awesome
I'm Way too tired to leave this place
without a car at least I had to get
myself one carrot is carrot only if it's
carrot
let me know if you got that reference
I've got a big announcement for you guys
so I thought I'd let you know while I'm
in the car so tomorrow's vlog is
actually gonna be another special vlog
so we're going for this car event with
loads of like exclusive cars
Lamborghinis and other things to be
honest I'm not exactly sure what the
turnout is going to be but this is the
same group that organized the same event
that was in the video
the Dubai luxury lifestyle which is like
one of my most popular videos at two
million views so should be really really
awesome can't wait for that so that's
what you guys are gonna expect more also
something else might be happening but
I'm not gonna say just in case it
doesn't so come back tomorrow there's
actually loads of things happening on
the same day which is gonna be good
because that means it's gonna be like a
old jam-packed vlog full of exciting
stuff so yeah hopefully to work and make
up for today
it's time for a special male opening
guys so you know what the deal is
let's get our Santa Claus mailbag and
I'm gonna do a mini melt I'm with mummy
mo for the first time so hopefully the
things we open our for us if they're for
Lana then I'll show her what she gets
home so let's get started
oh okay
let's dig in this mini Mel time for you
guys first I'm gonna open this packet
pretty heavy actually so let's see
what's inside here okay we have oh okay
we have some really rare coins I'm
guessing oh okay
they sent me a silver bar a bar of
silver what that is really really
awesome guys would let me see it says
one gram of silver like this is one
solid gram of silver that is so cool
like look at mommy that's like an
investment right there thank you that is
really cool thank you so so much that is
epic
so thank you Jonathan for that awesome
gram of silver he also sent three rare
coins this one is a Jefferson nickel
from 1964 secondly it's a buy Sentinel I
can't even pronounce that but there you
go
and finally it is a Native American
dollar all right next up let's go for
this brown packet let's see what we have
inside here okay I have no oh ah there's
a lot of dust in there okay
we have I think this is for Lana guys
it's like this lipstick type of thing so
I'll give that to her secondly there's
some more stuff in here yeah all lots
and lots of coins which is really epic
Thank You Nina for this awesome charm
this is in fact from
and apparently she got this from a
casino in Los Angeles which is really
dope it's like a gaming token so thank
you so so much for that ah this is very
heavily closed I hear like coins in
there oh my god yes there is coins cool
wise is not coming ah like yeah I
haven't opened the property yeah finally
got it to come out so what is this
we actually got my first Saudi real that
it's awesome Saudi Riyals we got two one
Rios from Saudi Arabia which is really
really epic okay but bubbles has joined
our mail time and my mom got a cool
little note from banco república
bubbles what's up okay no he's leaving
the mail time Oh what is this wobbles is
on my lap by the way right now I'm
making this video so yeah he's just
running lap to lap with his tail in my
face what is this oh we have a kitten
calendar what I think this is definitely
for my sister but let me go ahead and
open the letter just to make sure no
this is actually two kitty at what I do
he's sleeping on me in the middle he
just bought it on he stinks
Obama's please get off anyways thank you
so much shot here for this awesome
kitten calendar bubbles kind of spoil
everything he just I think he saw the
kid and got jealous so you have to jump
on our laps but yeah thanks for that
awesome calendar before I run for
today's vlog I wanted to let you guys
know something so I just placed my order
in for my official Molag shirt and good
news and bad news good news I finally
place my order in my back
is the company I'm doing you're with is
based in America that means it's only
going to get to me in three weeks so
hopefully once it gets here and I see if
I like the quality of the shirt I'll let
you guys know how to get it for yourself
but yeah we finally did it boys now I
just have to wait three weeks I was
hoping you'd come within one week but
they had no like foster mailing auction
that was like the fastest so when I
wrapped today's vote here because we
have a massive day ahead of ourselves
tomorrow like huge events and just
all-around madness so can't wait for you
guys to come back then and I'll see you
then Yolo Yolo goodbye
