yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
so I started this morning with Ashwin
and Sarkis coming by they added some
money to the collection which is Ugandan
money so let's check that out
we've got Ugandan and South African
money that's 5000 you know we ballin out
here and then we got the ten South
African so thank you guys so much any
message to the yo-yo squad you guys were
awesome I love you more we out here guys
we out here anyways how are you doing
everybody so this morning me of my mama
are actually gonna head out to some boat
show now I heard about it from one of
you guys I've never been it's gonna be a
first for me but from what I've seen
online there should be like boats yachts
etc etc so who knows we could it's going
like maybe buy a yacht today is that a
good idea you want to buy like a two
million durham yacht yeah why not just
splash out you know how we do out here
so we're gonna head over see what it's
about and have some fun over there and
you guys are obviously coming with us so
let's go mommy gonna buy me a big yacht
like you know a massive 100 million
durham yacht oh yeah your toy okay fine
that's the best we can do by the way
guys my grandma is at the pool right now
she should be over there that's why we
came this way this year I don't see her
the only reason we came by there soon
foolish because my mom was telling a
lifeguard to make sure nothing happens
to her you know just to check up on her
so let's go back on our way now we just
made it over here and it is so busy like
component oh look at the parking over
here like we just about found one
luckily like the guy was in this car and
he got kind of pushed this car to the
side for us and he was that you can
squeeze in so that was really kind of
him but yeah let's go see what this
place is about I see lots and lots of
yachts so maybe one of them's for us you
know okay none of them's for us but
we'll be nice to look at some
oh and now it's in there
that saya hole Oh the source and it
blows all the sand in your face when it
kicks up to get our passes we actually
have to go to the other side of the
water and we have to do that using a
water taxi that's what they told us it's
that thing over there if you can see
that that's good a water taxi fee right
there so it's like a little boat ride
we're now getting on to the war of us
finding guys we just waited in that
little queue for a while being the right
one yeah yeah which one are we going on
the right one okay let's go on the right
one we're going on a trip on the water
taxi
so you made it to the other side now
we're just going to get off as you can
see look at the boat like I think this
is a really huge event we're just going
to get off obviously and go anyways I
love being by harbors like this where
there's loads of boats it's just so cool
as you can see all the yachts are next
to us like check this out I can
literally just walk on this yacht it's
like a little gap but let's go and see
what's up oh that's a big engine I don't
even know what that is by the way I know
you're coming up your votes but look at
the lineup right in front of this place
v8 biturbo g-wagen followed by a
rolls-royce and a 7 Series that's just
amazing
great lineups even at a yacht she'll see
I'm alive Osaka
we love love love love love
so I won't eat no more no more
actually how will I know the song I
don't know that's the signior which is
somebody is sorry okay let me know in
the comment section I love that song so
check out these two bad boys over here
guys
looks very luxurious so I'm not sure if
you can see that let's go let's go up
these stairs and look at the interior
wow this is definitely a very expensive
boat which looks awesome okay not bad at
all look at all the stitching and
everything on this boat leather gorgeous
made in Turkey they said okay I say even
though this is like a yacht event I'm
more focused on the car see I see four
Rolls Royces next to each other okay
check this out one two to go past you
have another two behind it look at this
it's like a line or Rolls Royces here
that's epic okay
I found something I'm really interested
in jet skis okay let's see how much
these are actually because I really want
to get a jet ski later on let's see
there's no price so I just asked about
this jetski and apparently this jet ski
is like the light is in the haul road
and weighs like 180 kg and it like broke
some records nine hundred so you see I
thought I look pretty cool that further
let's go fly but this is something
cooler I would love to get one of these
is like thirty five thousand dirhams
which isn't too bad in dollars of like
ten thousand so pretty nice I should
really like the colorway anyways we're
just going around I love the fact that
this boat actually has the price on it
nein nein nein nein nein nein a million
dirhams in this boat very much it's
pretty cool right it's like for sale
whoever wants to buy it can just pay you
up front here that's what we should do
you guys imagine pay in cash or yacht
next video coming soon I just found the
red carpet of the boats look at that
this boat is actually on a red carpet
guys I said like I think this is not my
place I have no idea about boats I'm
just walking around looking at them
mommy which one should we buy pick one
quickly round I don't I don't have all
day to spend this cash no no I like the
yellow one or the green one that looks
like the a nice land more color to go
with I'll match the car you know what
guys I'm just going to go walk into the
ocean I've given up they're not selling
me any boats over here so I might as
well just whoa what is that
what is that
that is awesome
what she is so talented on that thing
look at her go on that that is amazing
I'm guessing it's hard because it looks
really hard yo that thing that girl one
is actually like motorized and those
like you know the swegway of war is just
like so simple
more okay you know what thank you over
here so this is the thing that they're
riding on on the war as you can see it's
like pretty pretty small like
it's like a motorized little surfboard
okay I think he's going to take a ride
on it Oh
so the coolest thing I've seen today is
this thing guys this is one of them sea
explorers that you used to go underwater
imagine being under Ward one of these
things like that's just so awesome you
see the whole ocean as you can see like
that's what it is under war like that
it's just mental like seeing and
personally looks like some sort of
spaceship so you know the deal guys I'm
just saying in my New York paid for in
cash as you know we do your shopping in
cash I'm just waiting for that kick me
out honestly this thing looks really
really cool inside I can just imagine
like how hard it would be to like
driveable look at the things it has
charts radar has so many complicated
things if you can see that on the screen
like what does that even mean I don't
even know but anyways you know the only
reason I came here with the bias I'll
just get some sort of driver to drive
this job so yeah overall really cool
inside this yacht
not bad at all not bad since I'm here
let's do a little boat review me and my
mom are saying in this boat
look at the interior of this thing you
know whippin in my brand-new boat oh
yeah left ok mommy don't pull stuff
don't poster yo I guess that's how they
move imagine just start going I'd be so
insane anyways we are in the middle of
the ocean shhh guys can you hear that
Shh anyways ready put that where'd it go
okay just check it somewhere
check it somewhere oh it goes in there
yeah it's got like a magnetic holder you
know what the deal is I'm just here pink
and you know yeah
got the money on fleek
I don't even think we could get wouldn't
vote for this but okay all jokes aside
guys obviously you're not paying cash
for a new yard I don't even think I'm in
nothing in my pocket to buy a wooden
paddle boat like you how can I do that
so maybe next time we'll be back with
some cash to buy a boat
who knows somehow got into the party
section off their yachts look at this
thing this is a huge swimming pool in a
yacht you see that that's crazy okay I
think the security is looking at us like
how did we come in here I'm kidding guys
they let us come in we said can we go
look around oh this looks bad these are
like the party boats in like the one 3e
and have drinks and stuff like that like
look at it I think I have found Batman's
boat like this legit look like a Bat
mobile
not even a Batmobile a Bat mobile you're
not gonna believe why did the eyes they
just sold me this boat for less than a
hundred dirham I paid cash right now
like I did you just paid cash for this
boat so there you go guys that is how
you close deals you just just woke up
hey what you have and they'll give you
you're like this anyways let's go before
they start trying to get me out of this
place
you still be
was knifeless teeth this is what you
call a mega yacht guys it has its own
little parking in the back like look at
the size of this thing that is cool
imagine like having like a Lambo or a
car in the back I think you could
actually fit one in there before I leave
here today I thought I'd show you the
biggest yacht in this whole place which
is this thing like I don't even know if
you call that a yacht a cruise what the
absolute anyways guys that is the last
job I'm going to be showing you guys for
today the biggest one hopefully you have
enjoyed today's event that we came to
like an improv type of thing so we just
came over to see what it is but
definitely have some nice shots I say
everybody here I think is actually
buying yachts except from us goods or
actually coming on like a little party
type of thing so let's head out go back
home and see how everybody's doing it
the boat is still open please please
wait for us wait for us yes yes we made
it to the taxi guys the boat taxi
anyways it's good a war bus all right
let's get in okay I made it to the other
side
I'm actually really tired like we did a
long career through my mom seeing all of
the yachts and stuff thank you okay
let's go home with a car no you're with
a car what we're trying to do now is
find my car because we can't actually
remember where he put it
so we're looking around the base I think
it was somewhere over there to be on his
cell fingers crossed we should find it
like okay not who are you guys you found
the car right at the end I was right
yes I just got home now and while I was
out let me go and show you upstairs so
they battery horribly exact name they
came when I was out and look what they
gave my sister I'm not sure if it's just
for my sister or for me as well but they
came by and gave three roses and this is
the best bar Ferrero Rocher chocolates
by the way guys if you're wondering
where Lonnie is from the boss our she's
been getting ready some of our family
are out found and their door wants to
hang out with her so she was getting
ready she's gonna go pick her up
go have like a coffee and then she'll be
back home I came outside just to show
you the car it's funny because at the
moment my grandma mama on skype with my
mom's brother and the car turned on from
inside you this year
he was like what that is that and she's
gonna head out soon go meet her I'm
staying at home you know it's a girls
day whatever
oh thanks
I paced by if you can't tell already Oh
actually in my mom's room the reason I
came up here is because at the moment my
mom and grandma are on skype with family
and you guys probably know how skyping
is for like older people they think they
have to shout they're like hello hello
can you anyways guys on the wrap up
today's low-key I hope you guys had an
amazing day if you enjoyed today's video
hit the like button also if there's
anybody that wants to buy me a your in
the comment section just let me know you
know my pure box so you can just send it
there I'm pretty sure yeah it'll
probably come through my pure boy who
knows injection slide I'll see you guys
two more just be happy and positive and
yah yah yah no bye
