howdy partner
yoyoyo every welcome to another vlog so
I'm starting today's log in my sister's
room and she was showing me one of her
videos that she's about to upload and
let me show you what I see okay no
please just show them that part one
second okay foundation um wait which
part is it can you take it over there
guys tell me those Mitch don't look
crusty as well God that is crust okay
girls notice there's foundation when
you're punished your entire face they're
just gonna go on your lips so yeah if
you guys watch that video I want you
guys to calm down then crusty-ass lips
what Dad okay I'm joking rise but okay
by me okay fine fine fine fine okay one
second comment mold blogs was right
that's it don't even write anything
about the list just write mold losses
right anyways good morning how's it
going great video uploaded I'll see you
later
face is ruining my video are you saying
that you're gonna get people to comment
on my video and make my face look bad no
the head book okay you know what scratch
that guys please okay write her a nice
comment to show how nice we are is this
good here okay right epic video Lana
very nice anyways let's continue the day
with that and you complain it's okay we
good we good by the way check out what
my sister's favorite snack is she loves
these honey loops no not anymore God you
don't why I love it used to I used to
but nowadays it's just everything is too
sweet for me
except Nesquik which I totally always
love there you go
let's not speed bubbles on she's asleep
bubbles you're okay I'm not gonna wake
him up don't worry what happened what
happened what happened No save the video
no scroll your timeline back it just
means it's over yeah ha such a Dumbo
back whoa thought the video got deleted
there alright now coming to my battle
can you by the way look how high it is
ooh creepy but you guys ever have the
moment where you're like you start
appreciating nature like that's how I
feel every time I got into the balcony
the wind is just so peaceful and
everything by the way I always loved
looking oh wait look at that Toby's over
there
I always loved looking at the cars from
up here they just look cooler okay so
you can probably tell about how dark it
is outside there's been a huge pause in
the vlog and I'll tell you why basically
I can finally say that I have a mold
blogs logo ready for shirts now the only
thing I am doing now and don't get it
twisted I know I've done this so many
times before and it never ended up
happening but this time there is no
other like party involved for example
before I was contacting companies and
like stuff would get twisty and India
canceled as you would have come to like
an agreement but this time I'm not doing
it would like any like companies working
one-to-one with me it's just like this
basic
main stream company that anybody can
make shirt so that's not the problem but
the only thing I'm doing is I'm ordering
myself a single shirt just to see the
quality because if I am gonna start
making shirts for you guys I don't want
the company to just be like giving out
cheap shirts and even though it's like a
mainstream company I prefer to check and
see if I like and then if I do I'll just
start up with the design up and then
tell you guys to buy it but if I
personally don't like you I don't think
I'm going to start telling you guys to
buy it because that wouldn't make sense
so we have got four with it I just
wanted to let you guys know all I'm
doing now is ordering that one for
myself and whenever it gets here if I
like it I'll tell you guys to get it and
that's how it's gonna go so cross my
fingers I think it should be good
because the company that I'm looking at
like everybody uses it pretty much
everybody that doesn't have a deal with
other companies uses it so yeah let's
see how it turns out anyways right now
me and my family are going to head over
to jvr because I was stalking some
snapchats you know as you do just
looking at some snaps and apparently in
GB or they just like cool like you don't
have 3d art things they have like on the
floor where like when you stand it looks
like you're falling in that type of
stuff so let's go and check it out and
see what's up for ourselves
okay let's yeah right now there is so
much traffic and I'm not sure if it's
because of the art thing going on in jbr
but we've been stuck at this red light
like and each time it's turned green
only one car is gone like if you can see
there like it's green now we can't go
like it's legit just green I don't even
know like should I go like okay you know
what I'm just gonna go I'm just gonna go
for it I'm just gonna go for it
hopefully they move oh my god please
don't get stuck here oh yes yes yes yes
okay that's the thing I don't want to
get stuck and blocking the red light you
know we finally went though that's good
that's good so you made it over to jpr
and I can't lie on the way I saw some of
the paintings but I think there's like
some still happening like they're still
paying them and some which are complete
so let's get out this parking and go
check them out okay look all that guys
doing over there hey oh that's awesome
crowds going wild for that is really
really cool the first piece of artwork I
see over here is this now if you take a
look at it you're probably wondering
okay where is the 3d effect moe and
that's exactly what I was wondering
until I saw that blue circle now you
actually have to stand here and look at
it from here and now you see the effect
come to life so I was going to hold the
camera and I want to make it look like
I'm sitting on that one
yeah
that's nice yeah
and then you have like the effect so
hopefully that turned out good but look
at the picture it looks awesome
hi I'm gonna go look at a couple more
pieces cuz that was really awesome I
hope it came out nice oh wait there's
one more straight over here so this is
actually how they make them as you can
see this is one in the progress so so
far looks to be like a swan and I'm
guessing over here they probably have
like some sorta pond I'm not even sure
but they've got loads and loads of paint
yeah it looks amazing thank you what is
this good to buy canvas
okay we down the wall oh wow that's
awesome
Wow you heard it that guy's 90 pieces we
have to go through today check out this
one site this guy on a horse you
actually have to like step up these
stairs to look at it alright let's go
down there is so many pieces of art I'm
just gonna start picking the best ones
now so I can try and show you all of
them because you heard the lady said
there was 90 pieces here whoa check that
off so this one over here you can see
that they're still drawing it but look
how cool it's coming into effect like
you got like a little panda and like
this swing this guy's climbing like a
hill that one's really awesome I can't
wait until they finish this one but
there's so many more I'm actually really
happy I came over to this art festival
because they look dope like it's not
your typical
art it's like this really cool 3d art
check out the one behind me right now
they actually have to use that to draw
like like how high it is oh they're
coming down
they are coming down anyways before you
check out anymore our I'm super hungry
so when I should go eat I'm such a
foodie but why are white hurricanes so
popular look there's one right here I
see white Hawk heads on a daily now
that's awesome though okay this one you
actually have to look at it through here
whoa
I can stand there oh okay yeah that's
great what is that yeah that's good
that's awesome
my mom just completely dropped that oh
my god that was so loud and embarrassing
the reason the reason she actually
knocked into that is because we saw some
of you guys and we were waving to the
car and she just walked into that it was
so embarrassing what's that
she ran away as soon as my mom hit that
my grandma ran away out of embarrassing
like guys you can imagine how loud it is
to drop like a metal thing it's like
thing that was embarrassing
yo this is madness what type of body
here is this
this car has seriously got like the
maddest body I've ever seen like I've
never seen this on like a Chevrolet it's
got like carbon fiber on the spoiler and
yo this is really unique like tell me I
think it's good a guy ver edition that's
what it says on the side but this is
madness man anyways me and my mom are
just going around the area check out how
many cans of spray paint they have on
the floor like I'm guessing they're
using these to like spray paint stuff
over here wow you can really smell it
though like can you smell that spray
paint I'm always getting knocked out by
that smell like yo the thing is guys
like these illusions work best in
daytime at night like what's on the
shadows they don't work out but I found
this really cool one over here look at
this it's massive like this is huge
giraffe on these walls
wow that is epic mom's gonna feed that
giraffe God that is crazy there you go
guys you don't have to go to the zoo to
feature off so you could do it from here
so after walking all the way to the end
of jb our guys actually found the best
one so i'm happy i came all the way to
the end because this book is a pretty
long walk but i'm gonna show you this
one okay this is the one which i think
is the coolest so you can actually look
like you're sitting down and petting a
monkey look at that if you get it in the
right angle you can actually look like
you're doing our okay one second i'm
going to show my mom how to get this
illusion working alright but let me let
me check let me check let me check okay
um I'm ruining this so bad
oh okay no no yeah that was right no no
back up back it kind of works out but
the thing is it's so dark guys so don't
try any some flash on you uh okay you
know what let's let's jump over this
anyways I'm quickly gonna head back
because my grandma's actually at
Starbucks waiting for us so she was
having her coffee but it's probably over
by now because we've been gone for quite
a while looking at these art pieces so
let's head over I saw some really cool
boys on Instagram and I think the ones
that they took look better in day time
so kind of disappoint I didn't get to
take any really cool shots but you know
we saw a couple of pieces it wasn't that
bad guys this one was by far my favorite
just looks so awesome that is epic now
that is my favorite throughout the
holiday all right let's go all right
here she is boo hello
that's a wrap at jvr for today it's been
hella tiring I can't even lie like we've
been walking down and up and down and up
so much that you guys don't even see
most of all no vlog because the artworks
like spread out through the whole walk
by the way nice red Corvette over there
behind me anyways let me go pay for my
parking and then we can leave I'm so
tired
who's ready to go sleep alright let's
see how much it costs for parking guys
okay so you put it in there one moment
please
okay sixty Durham's oh boy please take
my money this machine has a tendency of
giving it back to me okay yes it kept it
for once okay
ten more derms police say it's done
yes doing my chip back oh boy
that's actually quite a bit for parking
guys that's like over ten pounds I can
own that traffic what you're cool is
they're not really good Metra are they
either called the tram mega really smell
that look at this thing I'd rather look
what I got and pick another one but you
know it's pretty slow I guess it makes
it alright this guy's running run run
for your life better then I can either
nice yeah darn it Oh red rolls-royce and
my favourite red nice it is so so hot
right now guys you're not even gonna
believe me like I had to take off my
shirt I can't can't handle the heat but
I'm gonna wrap up today's look here guys
I'm sorry if I didn't go out too much
but as I said I've been trying to crack
down with the shirts and as of now it
looks like it's gonna be done within
this week which is a really really good
thing like finally Bo you found a place
to produce them and stuff like that but
tomorrow I will let you know what's
happened with this shirts I think by
tonight within the next half an hour
hopefully I should have my like order
placed in and yeah see you tomorrow with
another vlog Yolo Yolo stay awesome
everybody bye
