the yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
vlog so this morning I decided to wear
the pajama top I got yesterday is just
like a normal shirt it's super
comfortable don't judge me but I'm
actually taking my grandma my mom to do
a bit of shopping right now so let's get
on the way I'm not even gonna lie these
Easter eggs have me so tempted like just
to buy a bunch of them you know what
because I don't want to gain a lot of
weight I'm not going to but look at this
cool snack they have here it's like a
huge look at that I'm gonna head back
home and I'll pick them up later once
they shop around but yeah see you soon
peace out alright okay they can go do
their shopping I'll see them in a bit
alright
I am hella tied right now like oh she
have them days where you just can't open
your eyes like I don't know that's how I
feel today I really felt like getting
myself an ice cream and my mom told me
to get one too but because I've been
complaining so much about my weight I
decided not to anyways let's go home bad
boys parked up yeah let's go see what
home is about so because I feel hella
drowsy I think I need to have something
with sugar like I wasn't gonna eat
anything bad for me but I don't think
one popsicle stick in her yeah I just
came to have a popsicle okay
look at this man you're probably
wondering why I'm laughing what the hell
it's that what I'm guessing my mom
couldn't find the proper stick but what
what what do you call this it's not even
like a spoon or anything you just like a
little plastic stick hey hey okay hey
all right
my sister's downstairs and we're going
to open some more of the packages you
guys sent in yesterday so we're gonna go
straight to the mail bag that we made
out for garbage bag we had to put it in
our shoe place look there's a huge bin
bag so today we're gonna do our lucky
picks okay you look so ridiculous taking
that out imagine somebody looks in our
like shoe place in the night why do they
have their garbage there but they don't
know it's the mail so loads and loads of
things to open
yeah you might as well just pick one out
of time from there while I love about
randomly selecting it is your picking
your destiny like you're picky yes I
should be fine so as always we're going
to get into opening your mail and we'll
see you once we get some cool stuff so
let's go in my room oh okay quickly
pausing the mail time my sister a lot of
bubbles in a room because he was in her
bed he's in your room my sister cater to
the mail time closed their door and
bubbles got left in I think a first
thing I got was ten Turkish money from
Bert thank you get back in this Bell
time look the poor guy in the room
I don't think they're gonna visit my
room you're sleeping in my room that's
for me so getting what's gonna melt I'm
sorry I read the first thing it says
every beginning has an end yo is there a
gym pedals in here I got one illuminati
money it's got a triangle on it oh that
is Illuminati confirmed
Thank You Albert it's from South America
okay all right not bad at all not bad at
all
Mia my sister just finished reading all
of your letter you want to say thank you
but just to keep the vlog short we read
them off the blog but now it's time to
get onto all of the big packages so as
always let's start with this one and
then go to the bigger ones okay this is
for me so let's open it up and see
what's inside here but is that a Mustang
in there
I got a blue mustang in there okay and
then secondly okay y'all you guys are
listening to me he stuck down his coins
on a piece of cardboard so they don't go
through the letter so that's awesome we
got loads of coins at straining points
Thank You Nicholas for these awesome
coins and his mini blue mustang like now
I have a small one and a bigger one
which a spray paint so yeah awesome
hi next up we're going to go for this
package let's see what's inside here k4e
pretty nicely packaged up oh okay
I don't think it's fragile okay I
definitely think it's fragile this is so
hard to open
okay oh I know what it is I know what it
is look at this look how heavily
packages bin it's one of them gloss
things that the thinner let yo look at
that that is every one piece that is
really really cool and it came very well
packaged we've actually got like a Amol
wait focus I've actually got a mold
blogs little sand thing which is really
really epic thank you the same guy also
said this one dinar from Jordan looks
really really awesome thank you my man
from Hamza thank you so so much hands up
for this awesome gift that I can't
believe it came without even breaking so
that's awesome next up I'm actually
going to open this because this person
has said this based on my sister's
Facebook account so I'm surprised to see
what the Facebook people are said me
have you know your thing on Facebook too
I
I don't even think she's put her steel
box on Facebook but somehow found it
through there oh my god what is that no
idea it looks like a lot of spices to me
is it no okay bring it up slowly bring
it up slowly what is that okay it's
spilling its dankey leave it oh okay
we're gonna put that to the side for now
what is that I don't know either
oh thank you so much guys check this out
yes there you go it's a longer bracelet
thank you so much don't worry this right
now okay Mambo's seems to like it that's
my sister's new bracelet as you can see
thank you so much shiny on drugs these
are like my second cash prizes
thank you so much all right let's put
these away oh you're messing up the
place stop okay all the candy back in
all the candy back into horrible spills
favor but imagine bubbles on Mexican
candy next piece we're going to open is
this brown packet let's see what's
inside here oh okay it looks like it's
gonna be jewelry for her so you just go
ahead and open it while I read it
squeeze squeeze you got it okay the
necklace is on I know that hey girl one
second there we go thank you so much -
she I love this is gorgeous
Thank You Tori for like cool little
necklace and yet my systems we
appreciate you moving on to the last two
pieces now that's quickly open these up
this one seems to be a shirt or two or
three shirts okay I'm guessing one is
for you he's a lifeguard shirt okay
thank you I guess thank you all right
now we are official lifeguards and we
even have a lifeguard
Minnie Flo what is I don't even know
what this is is that whistle I need is
that a little Pete I don't but I can
there's that if something went in my
mouth
I don't think that's what I think that's
just like a keychain well thank you oh
oh oh my goodness that is a heart-shaped
$2 more even a one door that's a $2
that's rare thank you for that
thank you to the Carrera family for
these shirts and this little lifeguard
flowy thingamajig and my favorite a
heart-shaped $2 so that's really really
awesome thanks final package let's see
what's in this bad boy and then we can
continue the rest of the day okay okay
Wow this is kind of complicated okay um
dear mole dear mom oh okay I think on do
here is going to be like a piece of art
three two one Oh see what that is dope
it's all three of us look at that oh
that is really really happy that's like
pencil drawing isn't it that's amazing
you're really tight
this is so cool oh my goodness we should
frame this let's get into this see
what's up okay
it's like Christmas all over let's see
what's inside this it seems to be a hat
oh oh my god oh my god oh my god we have
a Yolo Yolo t-shirt that is epic oh my
god
okay I'm wearing this right now I am
wearing this right now look at this oh
okay
fish here it is the under yodel wow that
is epic guys that is really really
awesome I also got hat which my sister's
opening so let's see does this help my
god I have the same logo did you see
that guys I'm officially branded out of
younger yo no stop so that's really
really awesome okay let me get to
reading the lair and see what's up
well that concludes our little Mel time
for today guys I swagged out I look like
Mario if you guys remember the video
game but thank you to everybody sending
stuff this is from Darius by the way I
forgot to mention so thank you everybody
for this awesome Mel time and yeah let's
continue
today's lot oh my god my hair no no okay
there you go all back to normal anyways
I'm gonna go after my mom and grandma
now and you know see once I get there
peace so I made it back to where I
started today's vlog I can't believe my
mom and grandma have been here for like
hours it's been like four hours since
I've left them here and they've just
been chilling here they are guys they
actually did loads of shopping okay so
that's what they're doing spending the
moolah so
just arrived in the Mall of the Emirates
to go play a couple of games and my
grandma mum but look at what car I just
played which is leaving now it's the
rolls-royce Wow
it turns on so silently what I think
that's the Phantom if I'm not mistaken
but that's actually really cool to run
into that car so my camera is looking at
it show you that what is that - your Tom
head grandma was our nice theatre she
doesn't care what god out anyways got a
couple bad boys in the valley or this
black GTS looks really mean like yeah
I'm pretty sure this one's a GTS then we
have a Bentley a wraith in the
background over there but some nice cars
I'm in the food court right now and
apparently they're just new restaurant
open and look at the line break I kid
you not the line starts all the way here
to there one thank you guys is what
short something really delicious could
like nowhere in the food court has a
queue like that ever so let me sort of
like what is going on there I'm coming
to the game section with my mom and
Granny Moore and look why I found you
know these machines so you just slammed
them oh this is a pretty heavy hammer
here goes nothing
here it goes nothing I don't even think
this works ok guys this is actually
really heavy like I'm not kidding right
this is like a dummy
lift it lift it it's actually really
happy here
slam it do it one time I see it let's
see how how powerful we can hit it yeah
I'm sure he would win with that didn't
we get score that's how weak it was mine
thank you how did the lid open when I
hit it I didn't even hit it that hard
would now we have to find the lid yo you
know when you just fall like one ball
and somebody hasn't thrown in okay I'm
going to let my grandma produce if she
makes it will play all game okay that's
the deal here you go one shot grandma
one shot to make it count to go here
goes nothing
you still have a shot ah we lost my mom
and grandma over there they're looking
for stuff to buy all my points but I
just bought my mum's gold is in our back
pocket I'm going to try and see if I can
take it using some stuff I've seen on
videos online you know like when you
like touch their arm is that that
distract their focus on
that's if I can do this while more do
you gay did you find anything
we're trying to find stuff
which one okay yeah just keep looking
around let's see see what you can find
okay
ah driver driver I can't even lie I am
hella tired
I have to just see on this escalator man
I'm so tired I can't even stand up
anyways we're heading on home now I
quickly went and checked my bank because
there's some stuff I needed to do in
regard to my accounts basically I need
some like money transferred and I needed
like my sort code and I just couldn't
find it on like the papers I had at home
but you know it's funny like she gave me
a paper with a sort code and apparently
everybody at my bank has the same sort
code maybe that's something common I had
no idea how to even get myself who's the
same what's wrong and right because I
have no idea about anything pretty much
now that I'm home I want to show you
something really really cool so while
we're out my sister actually hung up one
of you guys's fan art that you sent in
so now we have like a little all the
family pictures going on here but by the
way this is really awesome like guys I'm
not sure if you can tell this is I think
all done by pencil so that must have
taken ages so huge shout out to my mom
for sending that in that is really
really cool
before I end today's look I want to show
you something really really cool I got
as a souvenir this was actually given to
me by my sister like one or two years
ago when she came from Dubai to London
she just picked these up and brought
them for me and I actually really cool
they're these gold-plated playing cards
and look how fancy these are as soon as
you opened them they come in like a
really cool packet now there should be a
certificate saying it's gonna play by
she lost mine but it's all fine now when
you take it out it's just awesomely
packaged about the you a flag there and
then here is the part that you've all
been waiting for the actual cards now
these actually a really really cool in
person now obviously you can kind of see
on camera but trust me they do really
nice and they feel really like sturdy
compared to normal cards which are like
kind of flimsy these are like kind of
hard I'm not sure if it's because of the
gold playing or what it is but like you
know with normal cards how you can like
normally shuffle them like this it's
much harder to do that with these
oh yeah got it
but yeah thought I'd show you them
because they're really awesome now I'm
guessing a lot of you might ask how much
they are they're actually not that much
was that cap or was that person I just
saw something on my screen run by but
then I she likes better I think like
twenty or thirty dollars which is kind
of pricey for cards but come on to go
play it so you know they're just gonna
add the price there but yeah really
really awesome mine personally have a
Burj Khalifa design on the back if you
can see that which is really awesome I
think if I'm not mistaken I have another
one with that lantus on the back or am i
giving it away but that's besides the
point
anyways that's that and I'm gonna wrap
up today's look here by the way as
always guys I know I always repeat this
but stay positive guys and the reason
I'm saying this is I always get comments
saying mo you're living the good life
like mo you're always happy and I'm
living the stressful life but guys trust
me everybody has their ups and downs
just try and keep your head up and trust
me everything will get fixed and yeah I
hope you enjoyed today's look if you did
hit the like button and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
PS I've got some big news coming up
which I'm just gonna keep on hold for
like a couple more days until I hit it
to you guys so stay tuned for that and
you stay with some everybody yelled at
Yolo bye
