that sounds awesome bad
the lies on aventador sounds like in the
mountains good morning everyone and
welcome to another vlog so today I'm
starting the morning super super early
it's currently 8 a.m. we're heading off
to go into the mountains it should be a
really really amazing view so I hope you
enjoy today's vlog and yeah let's get at
it
I'm not even gonna lie it is freezing
right now and I know it's probably not
as cold as where you live but it's
pretty cold so guys we just met up with
the squad and at the moment there's a
lot of Mustangs in it there's a red
two-door the mclaren 675lt and some
other cars so here is guys it was in
fact a 675lt I love when the doors are
for this bad boy look at it the interior
awesome black and orange and also you've
got the black rims with the orange brake
calipers alright so there's the turn out
you've got a couple cars there Aventador
Mustangs and we've got the Porsche and
the 675lt limited edition over there the
next guys got the limited edition 675
I need to go
one of my favorites
so you've just come for a small stop at
the petrol station again as you saw but
there's some beautiful cars here today
I'm just having fun to be honest I can't
wait to get into the mountains because
there's some beautiful scenery like
trust me and to be honest my favorite
cars out here I don't know why I still
really like the Aventador then we have
the McLaren the gt3 and some really cool
pimped out Mustang show the specs on
this car how many horsepower and
everything 675 horsepower
okay that's why it's cool that all right
let's build an editing sensibility I
never expected it to be a v8 I thought
it'd be like a v12 and it's a 3.8 yeah
that's it you know that's the best part
about this car yeah let's see the engine
is it visible from the back it is yeah
there you go
awesome this is the first time I've
actually been pretty close to a gt3 now
normally I don't have my eyes on them
but I put a lot of good things about
them so it actually is a really cool car
one of my favorite parts is the rims
these are some massive rims but pretty
cool car and it goes pretty fast to be
honest so a lot of you always show me to
show some engines of cars and I thought
I'd show you this Mustang since its
supercharged so so that's the standard
engine as you can see an over here we
have the supercharger and this is what
creates the extra power hi everybody is
about to move off we had a nice little
stop
event store goes first
hahahaha
let's kick
seriously I'm scared now
Gary skills we all learn the name
mclaren 675lt else McLaren 605 Ltd
limited edition I get a limited edition
after say mclaren 675lt good morning
guys we haven't introduced ourselves we
have introduced in this corner hey I did
not introduce myself so that know where
I she's going because I was busy doing
my makeup in the car okay this yeah
because I was well we slept late last
night
we actually slept up like 3m and woke up
pretty early nurse 47 this morning
and yeah so I was the knight in a
Russian I live like a total mess I had
may come in the classroom done like a
tutorial ever drawn cup in the card so
it's actually really hard to buy driving
challenge especially trying to do your
eyes like it's really difficult so I was
like really stressed out and having him
go up my brother then try slowly drive
study you're going too fast you're doing
this but yeah it's really difficult but
that would have been a cool challenge
maybe oh there's a goat there's a go oh
my god is it good there yeah I mean
watch this watch mama seriously do you
not like especially in the morning would
have like so tired and stressed out and
my brother and decides to slam his foot
on the accelerator it was weird
well guys I've only done 250 kilometers
on my car so far so today is pretty much
gonna double that whole amount like I've
driven so far what is that not to speed
on they're going over a super sideways
oh wow okay
I'm just gonna follow the crowd and do
the same way normally I don't so here's
okay but I think the other thing my car
needs to do it maybe that okay guys
seriously there's other cars in ah this
is fun
we're going to the mountains oh I told
you Russia to the mountains though I
told you alright you know I wish I
brought my car now oh that's dull I want
to bring my car next time I'm so excited
we're going into mom
is the space not into mountains but like
yeah we're gonna go I think we're gonna
go up there spirals little eyes you're
gonna be like you're not a professional
type of car driving videos yeah that's
gonna be us Wow the view in front of me
is like wow oh wow like seriously
these beers
oh my god there's girls cause they're
really good can they see them you're
staking solid in front of us where's one
more crystalline order waiting for the
goods to cross the road
Nene cook looks like we're gonna cross
in between the Montes I wonder what's on
the other side
your woman we are on a mountain I hope
you do not need to do that I'm really
scared for my life loogie to see you
good to see good mood everywhere
so you made it were here into the
mountain section a look at the view of
the cars absolutely credible v LT wow
it's like 137 the gt3 from here on out
we're gonna be going fast up the
mountain I said oh boy watch this
the lies while an Aventador sounds like
in the mountains
that sounds also bad
that's crazy
Lux they're recognizing the clouds in
the mountains woman
this definitely wakes you up in the
morning like I was pretty tired well
we're coming but now it's like my heart
is like racing
you'll catch up
I'd rather get lost than die okay no
moment seriously slow down what this is
a mountain mama we serve up dead Oh can
you watch you really take this car to
the living I take it that's a no take it
off okay you have to realize something
like at the losses there Stevie okay I
see that it's getting out that's what it
means outside is gonna be freezing oh my
god guys look at that
what's down there dick where there's one
over there
where's down there though it looks like
it's gonna fall down
look at these not a very good Oh what's
down there though no but look he's up
he's down there yeah I don't think they
want you to go close to them
yeah they're just walking along the
mountain check out this view you get
guys in my car today it's absolutely
freezing up here like it's cold really
really cold no you can keep going don't
worry just keep going I'm absolutely
starving and you know to go to for
snacks
what what's cooking sausage you got
ketchup with it we're pretty much stuck
you guys and the only source of food we
have are this one can of peanuts Kimmy
man and tastes so good I need to survive
I need to survive out here energy be
nested yeah that's a good thing so if
you're wondering how the key to the
McLaren looks like I've got it oh you do
oh boy it can't be yeah I got it right
now so awesome unless they call pictures
it's really cool it's like this carbon
fiber key I never knew that that's
awesome
it was here yeah
that's cool right so yeah there you go
my new baby
500 in the whole world boys I saw I
don't know how I'm getting my hands on
these limited cars they're just coming
to me I actually got my hands on the
Porsche years low and this is by far one
of my favorite keys I look at that it's
red it just looks also looks like a car
but yeah that's the key to the gt3 look
it kind of looks like in some ways you
see that I think that's how they
designed anyways anyways epic key I'm
gonna go give it back well that was a
really really nice day we're actually
heading back home now and everybody is
ready to go I think the rest of the cars
are staying but I need to get home to
edit we're hungry and we're in the
mountains grilled food from me you know
if we got lost here we're gonna be here
for like years
I've got peanuts ok let's go let's go
basta we go foster get food you ready
let's go
so very much oh no and it's been a
really really long ride home as you can
see
all right we finally made it home I saw
those are the longest drives ever I'm
just gonna grab some food because
obviously no one was home to cook
anything and then we can go straight
home and eat Wow what's up okay ready to
start watches watches I'll record my
character vodka I never used to be a
scary clown until today because you're
starving in this only option okay look
at these people
bubbles sleeps anywhere he please okay
basically he was sleeping like this for
an hour until I came and moved a little
but he literally sleeps anywhere he
physically can like look at him you just
crawled up there oh I feel bad
he was sleeping like that for an hour as
soon as you've like you start scratching
you why did you Scratchy anyways guys
look across my sister screaming we have
a dead body so that bubbles is sleeping
on my sister's foot what the hell is
this retarded cat do you did that
earlier tape so I know today's vlog has
pretty much been about cars and so I
have the past few days but from today on
out I think we're back to normal blogs
unless something really exciting comes
up so at the moment we're just going to
go out with some family and yeah head
out I'm so so tired like I went out in
the morning and I'm just going to be
drowsy for the rest of the day because I
didn't even get to sleep
so yeah let's go so I'm back with set
guys
as you can see we're just working around
trying to find some chocolate we were
gonna go watch a movie while my mom and
basically them not do shopping but the
movie was sold out so now we're just
trying to find some chocolate to eat our
sadness away so steps just doing a bit
of a soccer shoe shopping set man you
got that boiling money father's life
that wants to buy a Versace chain for me
isn't that right set are you gonna buy
me one
yeah family's at ball is life right ball
is life I'm not even kidding I said
could afford this whole place but Nina
he's just he's just thinking about it if
he likes a design so yeah we've just
been pretty much going around because
separate wants to look at some stuff and
maybe cops them you know what did you
want to want it right I'm calling with
out by the belt so really she's just
thinking about it he's probably going to
come back another day to get it but
which one do you prefer to what it was
about find themselves a loose nope let's
go you don't like my wallet
worse things I even told my walk Oh
drop the candy you would so like my
wallet isn't like Versace or anything
like it is
yeah like the coin slot and everything
like that yeah my sister is having her
favorite snack again Eddie man I'm gonna
be honest she loves this so much by here
yeah yeah that's why I like her she
loves it
so we're heading up hope now was a
really cool day my mom and sister are
hanging out with ceps family their birth
family obviously and me and him we're
just walking around and yeah it's pretty
chilled to be honest I'm going to be
super honest if the second half of
today's vlog was like super drowsy I
apologize because I was so so tired
after I came from that Carvin I was
behind the wheel for like five hours
yeah and I was about to show them
there's a yellow Mustang it's pretty
much like mine but more customized out
so let me show you check that out guys
check it out I think this is a kit you
know because look it's not a standard
thing the vents don't come like this
normally obviously the whole body is
different yeah it's even got this might
be like I don't even know I'm not even
going to say something to make myself
sound dumb but it's definitely some sort
of kick
anyways behind this brown g-wagen we
have my baby over there Joyner try one
more time to turn on my car
quick DoubleTap if you fail it that's it
okay will you triple tap that that was
retarded
all right give me the keys now she is
stinking up the whole car headed man
fish
we've got Kumar today okay
I know he was gonna come he didn't know
that was not fair yeah I'm sorry I
cheated I cheer the person would not
know I ready for you okay
so I'm going to answer a question I've
been getting a lot recently now the
answer is actually going to be really
pointless by one answer anyways and it's
kind of in relation to what we did today
now a lot of you start asking me more
how do you go to these super car club
events like is there a club I need to
join and who has that some guy asking
can I join with this car or do I need a
Lamborghini to be honest every single
car club event I've been to now we've
been invited from our friends like
different ones and I think we've been to
different car clubs however saying that
I don't even know what most of their
names were I know the one yesterday was
super car clubs Arabia and there was a
couple others which we've been to but as
I said the way we've been to them is
just from friends telling us like hey
this events going on join a couple in
your Lambo like today my friend with the
blue Aventador which are that that car
is so beautiful he was at hey mode you
wanna come on I was like can I come with
the Mustang he was like yes like I'm
coming so that's how we do it I know the
answer isn't helpful for you guys
because I haven't even told you how to
join any but yeah just make friends that
know about the supercar clubs and
they'll probably tell you to join along
anyways I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog
here hopefully you have enjoyed if you
did you know what to do I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another epic vlog
Yolo Yolo goodbye
