Oh
okay you ready more yo yo yo everyone
welcome to another special vlog so today
I'm going to be going to one of the
biggest supercar Club meets I've ever
been to there should be some incredible
cars from Ferraris the Lambos maybe even
a laughs Ferrari and a Bugatti but who
knows I have no idea what the schedule
is all I know is I'm going there and it
should be a ton of fun so hopefully you
guys enjoyed today's vlog at the moment
I'm just waiting for Lana and my mum to
get ready you know women take a bit
longer you're getting ready so I see
once everybody's ready and we can start
heading out peace me and my mom are
gonna go there first and once my sister
gets ready she's going to be coming into
her car but the reason I'm going a bit
earlier is because I don't want to miss
out on any car action over there so yeah
let's go go go go that good yep it looks
like the right way because that is where
we're going we're going right so I think
it is correct I'm not sure if you can
see that there is a Ford badge on my
face and it's so annoying to me every
time I've long look I'm stamped with a
Ford what the hell that's the worst
thing and it's coming from this that
that creates that little shadow on my
face that little Ford sign over there so
annoying so if you see a Ford sign
smashed on my face like that
you know why now so I've just arrived at
the event and I'm going to get straight
into it the first car is the LAT Ferrari
which I was hoping to run into so you
don't know much about these cars
there's 499 of them
the world and they cost around five
million dollars now so yeah let's have a
little walk for a bit here you go boys
an absolutely gorgeous gorgeous car
there's so many cars out here but this
one definitely stands out as one of them
here is the back of the laferrari and oh
my god this thing has such an amazing
view behind the car look at the engine
and everything I'm going to quickly move
on to the other cars because there's so
many here that I can't spend so much
time on one but laughter Ahri is my
absolute favorite car you should know
that if you watch my vlogs I've always
talked about it I'm going to do a quick
run through some other cars here so we
have an red Aventador a chrome green
Lamborghini Guyardo
then we have a 4 5 v to be honest I
don't even think I can make it across
this place there's so many supercars you
can't see already they're all even lined
up back there it's just amazing as you
can see a white Ferrari 458 speciale and
behind it is a red four five eight
special I don't know how they're
managing to fit so many supercars in
this place like it's just an
overwhelming amount like I'm just
walking and we're not even gonna finish
there's so many here that I could walk
on forever let's just keep going there's
something which I really really like
about this Ferrari four or five bit let
me see if you can guess what it is it's
the fact that it's got two GoPros
mounted on its roof for videos so that's
pretty cool that is awesome last three
cars in this line are over Sadie's Benz
SLS I believe so there you go then we
have a white Hawk on like ours and then
an Audi r8
because though
okay that forw drive is just going on
and on anyways I think I've showed you
enough supercars for now so I'm gonna
head off inside and just say hi to
everyone let's see who there is I love
the fact that for half an hour my car
has been parked in front of the valet
section which looks go look at that guys
this has been here for like half an hour
straight in front of the valet section
and it's not been moved yet which makes
it even better
oh I think I'm moving it now let me say
goodbye to my baby actually looks really
nice I can't even lie even next to a
laferrari alright there you go that's my
car going for you me and my mom are
finally gonna enter I've had enough car
spotting for now let's go see what's
inside Wow place looks absolutely
gorgeous mummy candle lit and everything
Lana's going to be super excited she
sees it we just got inside and this
place looks remarkable like look behind
me in this
fantastic okay just taking that view for
a second take it in like this is just
wow that's the word I was looking for
awhile
the ceiling that chandelier that is
crazy
y'all I'm gonna try and find where I'm
supposed to be but everywhere looks so
nice I don't even mind going anywhere
where's my mom the dinner is outside and
that's what we're trying to search for
at the moment I'm actually never been
here I think okay there we go
super car clubs arabia dinner that's
god's side mommy you ready for this yeah
you got some royalty chairs for you you
see that group of people over there I
think that's what we're going for good
this place looks amazing
oh you have the hotel yeah Jonah fine
here you go get on the fall on the vlog
okay three two one
screenshot screenshot that guys and send
it to my mom
we are now on the red carpet I was just
in there and the reason I didn't even
blog and I came straight out is
everybody was eating my sister just got
here so she's kind of in front of me now
coming I just just finally here we're
gonna go sit down hopefully once
everyone's finished eating we can talk
to some people and Shmi is actually here
and a lot of other people so yeah we'd
like to start with a few words by our
president Shaikh Salman in
I hope you enjoyed this tip I enjoyed
thank you for attending this and limit
ease and we wish to see you
thank you so after tons and tons of
comment guys I finally met the awesome
happy thank you Rory I've had as many
comments asking if we're gonna meet up
and like it's it's kind of uneasy guys I
literally I'll slow try to I'm gonna lie
I'm like should I go or should I not
but I had to do the log grip we're all
in movies you came together but yeah I
think it's kind of crazy because I
actually come out here quite a lot yeah
I can't believe we never like never a
nice option congratulations thank you so
much oh yeah he's gonna see how it's
like to this far back sure yeah do I get
a photo
oh yeah here for sure but yet check him
out I'll leave a link in the description
here like you're awesome heart blogger
and yet maybe one day I'll be inclusive
they just keep having fun thank you
having fun so I'm actually going to show
Tim my car I think it yeah I'm needed
even if I'm key were here with your new
car I gotta come and have a look at yeah
I know you think you're gonna be too
impressed because this is a lot of
regard I had a lot of fun cuz I did a
test drive in one really was it like a
driving around Germany in the summer I'm
not a cop your money gonna pan out I was
driving a red one it was a friend game
to go home again it's it's an Irish it's
so much like even when I got it first I
was like wow oh
anyways guys I had a great time being
everybody as well so great to finally
catch up with you too
we saw the Co you saw my car right now
and you'll see on this page yeah it's
decent not as good as its gods but it
still is something but today an amazing
day love me you never know I love these
things an exam next time I'm out here
yeah for sure let's do some driving with
it but good seeing you thank like so
much everything on the shadow yeah hit
the like button I finally reach for me
see you guys peace so guys thanks to Ali
we're going to be seeing the LAT Ferrari
I'm holding the key to the Ferrari yes
the gorgeous on the front there's only
499 of these in the world and I've got
my hands on the key we're gonna go take
a look at it so make sure to follow his
Instagram down below here to me up and
I'm just so excited when are you gonna
say that you've held a lapper re key in
your life like the limited-edition
laugher re and the keys are in my hand
alright let's unlock it I don't know how
to simply just take the key and you
press the unlock button like on an
Ashanti and there you go it's unlocked
Wow get it that's amazing okay so not
really but I can try my best to pull the
hand where do you find a hand on this
car
Oh oh my god
wow what a sight the two doors are up on
this car and it looks superb
alright let's go sit inside the car do
some interior and it's awesome I'm not
giving you guys this car has always been
my absolute favorite part and I feel so
blessed just to sit inside it's actually
a really big honor so thank you know
that it's pretty like I think this is
what I see right now this is the
interior of the laferrari first time
sitting in it so many switches here so
you know what these do launch control
you know automatic and then reverse and
obviously you've got the paddle shifts
back here which are awesome features a
man carbon-fiber everything pretty much
everything on this car is going viral
right yeah so Ali was mentioning a fact
that I'm pretty awesome now there's only
499 of these in the world and you would
think that they'd be numbered 1 to 499
but that is wrong every single a Ferrari
is called one of 499 and the reason is
because they don't want to have problem
of the people arguing about I wanted
number 5 or I want to number 10 so if
you see over here there you go limited
edition one out of 499 that is pretty
awesome I never knew that
how do I open my door you pull though
pull your liver yeah yeah you pull it up
and then you just lift up with your okay
just yeah and then you just
yeah it's kind of a heavy door there you
go getting out of this car is extremely
hard guys like I mean extremely there we
go we are out now you get to close at
all
anyways we're going to say goodbye to
the leftover from now really awesome
seeing and yeah once-in-a-lifetime
experience I'm going to go give the keys
back to the owner as I said there's 499
of these in the world and get your hands
on one is extremely hard because these
actually go for like I think five
million dollars like now in the after
sales market which is a hefty amount of
money but the car is beautiful very rare
and just powerful you're not going to
believe I'm about to tell you so or
actually gonna go open up the hatch the
owner has been kind enough to show me
the engine off the car open so let's
just go I Wow today excuse me bearing
back in order to open the hatch you have
to actually open both the doors because
if you don't it will crack the doors so
that's what we've done right now as you
can see there you go the doors are
opened and we're about to open the hatch
Wow
oh my god
that is a gorgeous engine so there you
go
all the doors on the Laffer re have been
opened up and it looks absolutely
gorgeous
the lapper re is going to get started up
right now so embrace yourself guys how
much horsepower does it up screwed up a
thousand everybody's just looking to see
this get turned on
very loud engine
that's incredible
Oh
all the kids been here for a couple of
hours
oh my god oh my god
Wow that is extremely loud like you
don't understand and here go all the
supercars all right time to go today man
that was amazing so it's not good okay
you ready
good I even turn on my car my sister's
going and I'm gonna follow her let's go
everybody
let's go I watch this
like all of these guys look at this God
my sister opens the door like boom
anyways guys we're going to wrap up
today's vlog here I just want to say I
had an amazing time at this event today
I met so many cool people so many kind
faces a lot royal family which was so
nice to us and I just want to say thank
you to every single person I met
definitely check out the links I put in
the description of everybody that I saw
and yeah I was just so amazing like
these are bets the best part is just
meeting awesome people which have the
same interests as you and yes just like
connecting with them is making really
cool friends but hit the light run
because the owner of the laferrari was
kind enough to say that we might be up
in the near future to do like some
accelerations on that car which would be
absolutely amazing so hit the like
button so he sees you guys want that and
yesterday was just fantastic it really
was anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another vlog tomorrow I'm actually
going on a like we're going into the
mountains with my card like a load of
other cards basically one of my friends
was like yo mo come we're doing this
little thing and I was like yeah sure
why not so I have to wake up super early
and at 8:30 we're gonna go out to get
like the amazing views and stuff so come
back then we're actually all going in my
car think that is it Lana wakes up she's
so bad at waking up so it could be the
ramier mummy bro or me maja and Lana I
think she will come because she promised
us that she'll wake up early so we'll
see about that anyway see you tomorrow
with another vlog yella yo everyone
goodbye
