the yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
Friday listing vlog so this morning
we're starting off by giving my grandma
a little walk or my mum is anyways I
kind of left the house like five minutes
after them so I'm trying to catch up
that's why I brought my skateboard along
as you can see so once I catch up we'll
just do a little workout with her and
yeah continue today oh isn't that great
guys I had to go all the way to the
shops because my mom and grandma
couldn't come guys I'm gonna head of
home with my mom and grandma are gonna
sit by the lake and talk bye bye anyways
I've got some work to do they can just
sit and relax and talk to each other for
a while I like go and do my editing this
is how you communicate with the cat guys
as loud as ours hit him with it bubbles
what are you doing what like what is
that I don't understand how your Sun
Tanning sunbathing I've got some pretty
cool news for you guys which I hope you
guys will be happy about now I remember
for like about six months I've been
trying to set up some clothing y'all
know yoga clothing unfortunately I never
found Thank You halfway through she at
you so loud not even that late what you
got it sneezes I mean not actually is
there but yeah I've been trying to find
an online store that kind of meets my
needs but I never found one and I still
kind of haven't found one by I found
something else now instead what I'm
going to do is I found this website
online which is pretty who basically you
can just upload your design to it and
then within like one week I'll tell all
of you guys look the design is up you
can order your shirts however they won't
really give me a store you just whatever
orders our place within like a set
amount of date like let's say one week
they'll stop there and print that and
then you can't really order
that which is kind of a bummer but it
makes things more exclusive I guess you
can only get them now and then not later
on but pretty cool so right now what
we're doing is we're designing some
logos and I might go to snapchat to like
for people to choose but look at the
ridiculous logos my sister's is drawn
okay here is what she has gone for guys
okay you know what guys if you want to
submit designs I will show you what not
to submit from this so okay anyways just
a good opportunity to show them what not
to submit okay no writing please on the
lawyer guys no y'all a Yolo no more
vlogs no more vlogs no no nothing pretty
much no cats no bubbles no kidding this
is a good not to do lesson okay
nothing big okay that's just a no it has
to only take up this portion and this
portion not the whole shirt what the
hell is that
you're Liana what the hell are these
designs oh my god alright and that's a
wrap okay thank you designer for them oh
my god I didn't even get that Oh mommy
Jacob ah you just messed up anyway
booter subside as I said you can submit
your logos in but don't worry I am
working with some people on the logo
right now myself but oh my grandma
brought me I love these to bits like
these Cheetos things they're just
absolutely delicious so check out who
came bye guys
it is Zaid and Andrew and they wore
something really really cool so it's
this USB but it has like a code you can
actually put like a lot code on it which
is pretty awesome so thank you guys so
so much but I want to go through
something with them because you guys
know the video I made three cool things
about the Mustang you didn't know now in
the video I brought down the windows and
I also got a lot of comments about this
by the way saying mo hold the lock
button it should bring the windows back
up so we're gonna try it right now I
came all right guys I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I've tried it it didn't
work but
maybe you guys can be a good luck charm
so okay so I have to press unlock once
twice and hold it on the second time and
the windows should come down okay now
what do I do now
okay you can take the key holder unlock
button for five seconds I think or the
left okay hold it down let's see if this
works this works you are geniuses God
maybe the lock button try that hold it
down for an ages come on come on work
work
oh darn it okay you know I've got sigh
okay let's try something else let's try
this guy's unlock and then double lock
and hold on oh okay I don't think that's
working ah damn it guys you see I I
don't know guys let me know in the
comment section hard part about doing
this is I actually have to go inside the
car to bring the windows back up yo wait
okay I think this is how you steal
somebody's car yo why is this not
working alright guys thank you for
coming by see you later peace bye bye
guys
alright I was really awesome seeing them
pretty cool thing they gave me right now
we're actually going to the same pool
with granny MO as you can see I want to
do this swimming
she can't relax by the pool as well you
know some fun times
it was awesome me guys outside as well
thank you so much for that cool USB
all right we just got those simple guys
let's open up this little tent thing so
we can sit Andre what do you have to do
okay we're getting somewhere with it
here I'll lift it I got you oh wait no
you have to put the screw in the bottom
by the way I'm holding it if you're
wondering how it's staying up so me my
mom and grandma have actually come by
the simple to do some swimming as you
can see granny more behind me giving you
guys that screw face who like what does
he say to that camera again
my mom is checking the temperature for
my grandma to come in because she
doesn't like cold water let me know let
me check not bad
come on grandma it's good I promise is
it I don't think she trusts us before I
go swimming though I need to go take a
small little shower of weight it
wouldn't make sense to take this camera
to the shower I just not waterproof so
let's swap to the GoPro
oh my god I absolutely
I don't really really Resty okay just
been singing a bit without my nose piece
but I hate seeing about my nose piece of
my mom's tried to drown me trice already
and war keeps going my nose is really
annoying anyways I'm trying to get my
little piece for my nose right now so I
can actually swim properly without
getting anyone trying to annoy me
so check this out guys I'm recording
this with my GoPro because I want to
show you myself and stick now at the
bottom of it there's a little check i
watch this yeah loads I know the water
goes in there do you see that okay i
watch the small type of underwear it
starts like filling up again it is so
cool
I just made something really really cool
with this selfie stick you wanna see I'm
showing my mom it for the first time
okay guess what I'm gonna do
Jessie it's something really cool you
Eddie okay we're all done now we're
heading off home now that was a really
cool session I'm freezing I'm freezing
breathing frizzy but yeah let's quickly
go home guys so cold man it's so cold
can you come at the swimming pool then
we go take a shower
okay you ain't getting into my house no
I'm kidding just cuz I grandma you can
come in I want to show you something
really cool in my sisters penguin
because the other day you heard us
saying she needs a mosque in this room
because of all the smell of the paint
and there's no prop like there's one
window but obviously how much man is
gonna go in there so look at this cool
little gadget by the way we got this for
free like a year ago it's just like cool
here what do I do I'll just lie it down
whoa this is like an air filter guys I
there's wind coming out you hear that
and that should hopefully yeah I know
it's time I don't even think is gonna
work in full effect hopefully that can
reboot on this thing also I want to
mention one thing because so many people
are asking me more where's your sister
paying why is it not finished yet guys
paintings actually take about like a
month or two I once you paint a layer
you have to let it dry for like a week
then paint dry paint dry
yeah you know like I live you can see
like okay let's do like a little tour
brief tours whoa oh okay this one just
fell on my leg so there's some I've got
here which I've done this is not
finished by the way I'm not finished old
ones but basically like the whole
portfolio here I'm working on two here
right now so this one you can see this
one over here you can't see because that
way here yeah you can see the cord your
hair anyways let her get back to work
piece I've got some massive news to talk
to you guys about once I get home at the
moment just heading out to go get my
grandma some food she loves shawarma but
look at my table in my room right now
you got the YouTube play button next on
my favorite books look at it it's just
this is my favorite corner right now
also we have the album which I bought
yesterday need to fill this up but for
now let's go get grandma some food she
loves shawarma she's just like a Sioux
turn off the lights and then we can go
yo this is young and this by the way
guys that UK people now are into that
rap all you're gonna do this once yeah
you'll get tips on are you Thomas guy
woke up oh yeah oh yes Marty air rules
in the hammock you know what the deal is
we are back at our shawarma joint my mom
and Graham are seeing in the car they
didn't even bother to get out look at
them can't even see them
and uh but yeah just getting them some
shawarmas right now and then we can head
off to do some shopping and at home I
can announce some news to you guys okay
I think my mom wants me for a second
look at her she's trapped in the car
what's up oh it's time for my video look
at that guy's tell me that is not
satisfying thank you and this is the
other two all right thank you okay
oh I got my schwannomas ready to go
anyways we nearly got run over there but
we made it out of our armours alive so
you know what still calling that a
success there we just made it to the
supermarket and look at this there's a
dog over here and I want to touch it but
I'm scared of it at the same time so you
know what I think uh yeah I'm not taking
my chances this time so let's be real
for a second guys now I'm gonna be
honest my swag isn't the best like I
don't dress the nicest out everybody in
the world but I'm real talk my mom has
all more taste in clothes mom mom what
are you wearing what the hell is that
guys it's red on red no but what I just
blended it into the meat section we
can't even see her anymore
damn back at it again granny mole oh
look at that my grandma went all the way
around she is absolutely frightened yeah
I know that is goodbye
look at how bubbles is looking at my mom
and grandma outside that's all right
buddy
okay I won't touch you he is not giving
up they're gonna come back inside don't
worry Bob was just stressing over you
guys it's okay that's it so the super
cool announcement I wanted to tell you
guys is tomorrow's vlog should be really
really awesome because at 10 o'clock in
the morning one of my friends is coming
to pick me up in his Aventador yes you
heard me correct it's Lamborghini
Aventador then we're gonna go out into
the mountains with loads of other
Lamborghinis and supercars should be so
so fun there's actually like loads of
big Instagram people coming like big
Instagram photographers like taking
loads of cool shots and stuff and you
know what's really really strange guys I
just realized I've never had a ride in
an Aventador like so this is actually my
first time tomorrow it should be really
awesome I know you guys are gonna love
it like I'm charging up my GoPro my
cameras and everything just like and get
the best shots for you guys because you
know when you're in a Lambo there's
gonna be some noisy accelerations and
stuff like that anyways I'll see you
then make sure to check it out tomorrow
and yeah don't forget stay with some
everybody yelled Yolo good bye
