from the popping trees
laughing the Lamborghini is never gonna
feel the same it's never gonna do
suspect
yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
Friday listing vlog so I'm super excited
in today's vlog and you should probably
know why from the thumbnail so I'm going
to be meeting up with one of my friends
who owns a very very special car as you
can see by the title of this video so
let's go over I'm not even going to talk
anymore I just want to get to that car
and see it while it's daytime so let's
go I feel bad because I'm leaving my car
behind that's my best friend that's my
best friend and here we are guys the two
beautiful Bugattis I was talking about
first one the White T's famous Bugatti
everybody has seen this it looks
absolutely gorgeous this the second time
I'm seeing this and secondly this is
also a beauty I think this is the
Bugatti Grand Sport if I'm not mistaken
and check these two bad boys out Wow our
Lamborghini is actually getting parked
next to them wow that's going to be a
nice trio
huh so what do you think about the guys
they are absolutely gorgeous yeah they
actually look superb and especially as
two together Wow can't be it
I decided to come round back in both the
cars so you could see what their engines
look like as they are visible so here
you go this is a 16 cylinder Bugatti
engine let's go to the second one as
well
Wow absolutely gorgeous so my friend who
owns these should be down sooner we can
go through some of the interior of the
car and some more specs a lot of you
actually ask me how do you know it's a
one-off one well there's a plaque under
the bonnet which says one of one Lorca
Blanc so that is actually how you know
it's officially or one of one car guys
and it looks amazing so these are the
keys to the Bugattis and there's
actually something special so this is
the standard Bugatti key which unlocks
it to its normal horsepower but this is
the speed key which takes it all the way
to its full potential so there's a
difference between these two this one's
the fast one and this one's the regular
one another one of our friends just
showed up with their Aventador we're
gonna Park this Beach next to the cars
to have the best lineup you've ever seen
on my channel so the key on the left is
actually solid silver that is extremely
interesting it's just everything about
the Bugatti I think is just pure class
but we have the four or five eight
getting move now for the Aventador to
replace it so there you go
so my brother is going to show you the
inside of the bugatti so this is the
first time I've ever sat in a Bugatti
let alone I'm going to be turning it on
so much this is going to go around the
back and just show you so the key goes
in as you can see put the foot on the
brake and turn and now you press the
start button wow this is the best
experience ever
what's going on in the wing opening
Wow Wow
how does it feel like being in a Bugatti
it was like three more million dollars
look at the interior of this car there
you go guys my money car oh my god I
woke up in them you forgot is the song
to play right now yeah look at the
interior on this car wow this is
gorgeous
I could do this is like the best mom
nail shop for you mom and like you got
it you put this on Instagram got a new
Bugatti a new Bugatti guys I did tell
y'all's gang okay and even the but cuz
the Bugattis I know go here carbon fiber
amazing look at that yeah got a logo in
the carbon fiber so I'm not sure if you
guys know this but the Bugatti the test
means that this is a body super sport
convertible meaning it has 1,200
horsepower and the Vitesse part means
that it is a convertible guy so we're
gonna take the roof off so you can see
how it looks like and I just know it's
going to look amazing like
guy can't be then the roof has been
taken off and that is what the
convertible Bugatti looks like we're
actually going to be going on a quick
drive next to this car my sister's going
to be in the Lambo
and I'm going to be in the Bugatti so
I'm super excited Wow here we go boys
here we go
time to go on the drive a little less
way up I feel blessed so my brothers in
the variety right now is in front of us
they're just going
Wow
Wow
what it is unlike a turbocharger bus Wow
my favorite songs on there yeah I
learned a game from William Wesley you
can never check me back the back foot
and niggas they didn't get the message
biggest Chinese legs
are they real Austin is that my sister
is like over a kilometer away
the Lamborghini is never going to feel
the same it's never gonna do
I love that crackle
but that is it guys that has been my
first ride in a Bugatti let alone a 1200
horsepower Bugatti matiz Wow
it was an incredible experience and if
you want definitely check out the
Instagram page whities
I'll have at the top my description you
can see more pictures of this beautiful
car from the owner itself and
from experience I can tell you it's an
absolute beast of a machine and this is
where we start and finish guys back with
this beautiful lineup of cars you can
probably tell by the smile on my face
I am super super happy today been one of
the best car looks ever and you guys
have to hit the like button because I'm
not sure how you could have not enjoyed
this video anyways guys that has been an
absolutely amazing day we not only got
to see both these cars in person and in
detail but we got to go in an amazing
ride - guys I got to go an amazing ride
she has a video me from the car which
had an absolutely amazing day with the
owner great people definitely check out
his Instagram which I'll link below but
it was so much fun I can't stress how
fun it was like ah anyways let's say
goodbye to these Bugattis hit the thumbs
up and if you want me to make another
video with them and I'll try my best
sisters turning on the car alright let's
go we're now leaving and
look at this new man and the day keeps
getting bare golden horses to finish off
a golden day yeah that's amazing
anyway it's time to go with our car now
it was much slower of course and see
what you expect that was incredible
four turbos in the back yeah makes you
jealous guys literally as soon as I was
leaving the petrol station I ran into
these guys awesome they follow the
channel so that was really amazing
but yeah love me one of you thanks for
being in the video and yell to see
yourself in the video
you know what I she quite liked this car
still I she still like yeah I think it's
good yeah the poor guy still has a veil
horsepower I just arrived home and I
can't stress to you how much of a good
day I had and not only because I got to
ride in a bra tee and just see you but
the owner is a really nice person and we
just had an awesome time Torquay
I am planning on doing more videos with
it so let me know if you guys want to
see a video of how much it costs to
owner who are you because after talking
about it with my friend that owns it he
actually is much more than I expected
like I don't know you guys know how much
it does cost because I have seen a
couple videos but this one in particular
costs a bit more than the videos which
I've seen so we have 5000 likes on this
video I'll try and go record a video of
how much it costs to own that car and
put it out for you oh my god but was
this completely faithful on it I swear
you don't believe what like my sister
can't see it but he's completely faced
farted look at that guy's what the hell
is that I don't even know if that's his
mouth his tongue something's out I don't
know what that is it's like his room
tongue lip I don't know something is
like up are you sure he hasn't died like
what the hell take another before in
today's vlog I want to say a huge huge
thank you to each and every single one
of you watching the video because today
while I was out recording with the
Bugatti we actually passed 200,000
subscribers I could have never dreamed
to have this many people join the squad
like it's just amazing so for every
single one of you to support the channel
watch the videos and share them it's
just mind-blowing I want to say consider
today's video as a 200k special video
and the reason is today was just like a
coincidental thing and our friend was
free and he was like John
recording with the Bugatti and I was
like hell yeah I know it's a Bugatti so
it was like I think it was like a
coincident that was meant to happen and
we hit 200k today we recorded the video
today so only makes sense that today is
the 200k special so we did interested in
you hit the thumbs up on I'll see you
tomorrow with another epic vlog
hopefully Yaya's everyone
good bye
