this car love it no no don't stupid oh
my god
it's five-o what I'm not I'm not he's
right you're over the speed gyro yo
everyone welcome to another vlog so as
you can tell my child I'm going to be
going to pick up my new car today at the
moment in about five minutes time I
should have my insurance paper delivered
to my house I think the guys outside if
I'm not mistaken and yet then we can go
to Ford and pick up my new Mustang let's
go all right time to go and pay for my
insurance let's go so Habib came and I
finalized my insurance documents he's
the one that hooked me up so thank you
so much
we finally got insurance guys and we're
gonna head off so thank you have even
less appreciate it here let's do like a
mini handshake guys today I'm going to
get the car yes boom bolo I got my
documents and I'm gonna rush over I
should be driving the car home myself
and it's actually my first time ever
driving a Mustang is all I haven't even
test drove one when I bought it blood I
hope it sounds like this though
my baby doll baby
hey hey hey - missus hey am I gonna do
Justin Bieber next-door skies generate
Justin Bieber
that was just a bit of mother
the car next to us we didn't expect it
to accelerate so he slowed down at any
sign go right go back drew come back
we're here to collect my car look at
this Raptor rah that's me apartment
imagine how you can mark that all right
so we're just going through some
paperwork and registering the car so I
can get my plate number put on it and
then I'm gonna be driving at home are
actually really nervous because I
haven't even driven in like three weeks
since we've sold the car so it's gonna
be my first time driving and let alone
my first time driving a Mustang which is
going to be ridiculous so hopefully
touch were to touch would we get home
safe and then we can make some videos
with the cops you press I it should be
exciting
let's see which one is it it's this one
Wow
there you go my brand-new baby
oh ho ho that is mean
Wow that's my car you go hug your child
so there you go I finally take delivery
off my car look super me
what I'm sliding so much
it looks so mean look at it
oh I'm so excited
it looks like a race car it actually
does there you go guys
that is my keys to the new car yeah you
can that's the manual key by the way
guys the one my success is like just in
case but dying son this car is a
ridiculous one I keep listening to okay
one and then keep pressing no you know
you make a give big bag of it don't
leave the cap okay go again oh that is
awesome
in case you didn't delay at home yeah
you can stop it again
one time simpleton but one time this
hard to turn off to turn off like what I
don't know and I do not strike no done
it's not good I hold it one time only
Wow cool so this is inside of my
brother's new car it looks so amazing
look at that I'm just learning all the
features about my car right now we're
actually gonna drive it off I changed
all the light settings and now I'm not
sure you can see that they're all blue
you get blue here all right time to
drive Oh such a powerful car oh wow I
need to definitely change this make a
 POG pickups is how I want to be
showing anyway
so only one Lamborghini will find you
all right bye-bye from here on out I
will be driving the car okay I'm gonna
take it super slow because I'm not even
gonna kid you guys it can swerve a lot
if you take it far so I'm gonna be safe
oh my god
no no I mean I won't go fast fast no
I'll go fast enough all right there you
go guys I told her kids to be honest I
don't want to push this car too much on
the first day because I want to get the
feeling of it but why not do a mini test
we've got Lambo against Mustang let's go
she's just waiting for the green light
okay I think it should be the green
light soon
I'm not pushing and we are finally home
safe it's the most important part safe
guys oh my god my mom has this way of
good luck so she thinks if I run over an
egg the first time I get my cards good
luck so there you go
this is for good luck purposes we have
to do it I'm gonna go drive the car over
the egg destroyed it slowly bro slowly
alright there we go
nice I know I've showed you yesterday in
yesterday's vlog but to be honest I'm
super excited because I actually did
receive it today as you saw in the vlog
a damn garage goes man garage goes now
all we need is a four-wheel drive car
here so inshallah soon to come my mom's
next car my mom doesn't like driving and
to be honest you know my mom um look I
got a nice plate number I've looked not
nice but four one eight one six so it's
got like one one in between it oh yeah
that's awesome
so I just melt with Lev and he came back
the perfect time I just got my car and I
can't believe this two days in a row and
look what he brought me he brought money
to add to the collection thank you so so
much he actually has a youtube channel
yeah you could tell them right now and
my youtube channel is live sports and
that's the like the main channel ok the
second channel for the pranks its lives
log slash pranks and that's awesome he
actually has the same camera as me and
that's dope like he came by when the
cars are lined up like this is the
perfect time you came yeah but yeah
thank you so so much I'm gonna add this
to the collection and wow what do we
have in there it's you said dollars five
dollars check money check money okay
Russian and Ukrainian so opened up
inside but thank you so so much for
dropping by it was all so wait they do
my signature high-five thanks and I
appreciate it that's not it
more cute to give Oh oh my god thank you
okay
that is amazing thank you so much though
wow this is awesome so this is actually
quite a bit to add to the collection
five different notes I'm actually kind
of confused to this one okay I have no
idea I think he said their Ukrainian
okay but I'm not sure if they're all the
same but that is going straight to the
money collection guys thank you
everybody who in just wow the love is a
lot bad love man bad luck we're with a
squad up you man I swear that is so
awesome that I met a load of you guys
today that I got my car cuz they got to
see it obviously before the vlog is out
and I know a lot of you might be like mo
it's just a Mustang you guys already
have Lambo and a Range Rover and the
Mustang is below them too
to do this I'm that type of person I'm
just grateful for anything I have like
it could be literally anything and I'll
be grateful I love when you guys send me
even one dollar or anything it's just
amazing so I find like I should never
take anything for granted I'm not gonna
turn it on okay unlock whoa oh okay
mommy look at that look at that the Ford
sign we got a horsey on the floor can
you imagine mommy driving that yeah
imagine her driving that mommy balls new
car
crikey we have two targets we have two
targets mate crikey wait let her phone
crikey mate I think she was going for
you I think you moved that she got
scared of for you I'm gonna go on a
small tiny little rant now normally I
never do this on my channel because I
keep everything positive but this is the
second time that this has happened to me
the second frickin time yes and it
annoys me so badly like first time this
happened let me tell you what is
happening right okay more what has
happened basically I upload my video and
it fails now that's usually not a big
problem like the other day it was a big
and it made my video cut back in our
today I uploaded it if failed I've
loaded it again and it failed when I say
failed basically midway through me
uploading a video my internet cuts off
or something happens and it fails ok
this time this happened twice it didn't
matter to me because I started uploading
at 6 o'clock which is very early third
time upload was successful and it was
like 7 o'clock by that time I was like
ok it successful woohoo once it's
successful it then puts it onto YouTube
now YouTube itself has the process now
that has nothing to do with my internet
speed nothing to do with anything like
that it's just YouTube and it's not
processing my video like it's 9 o'clock
right now and my video should be up
right now and I'm going to show you why
see ok so oh my god oh my god midway
through my rent
it started recessing I think that I
completely take that back I've been
waiting an hour on the same screen which
said not loaded as soon as I turn on the
camera and start ranting about it it
started processing oh my god look at
that okay it was basically this is the
basically oh my god I can't even speak
now I started uploading it just in case
you can see it's still uploading and
that's what the second one is for but it
was stuck on zero percent for an hour
and now it's started to process I
probably look so crazy right haha okay I
take back everything I said and the key
to success I think is let it out let it
out I just took my camera started
writing and it all got fixed I think
just let it without your system and it's
gonna get sorted out well I was mad like
I was about to go off and it fix itself
thank you - love you thank you
well my video is finally up and I'm
taking the car out I don't care if it's
10 o'clock it's the first day which I
just got it so I have to take it out for
a little spin
I love the key I don't know if I've
showed you enough yeah I probably have
showed you like a hundred times today so
you're sick of me but I'm in my mom's
room and I want to show you where Bob
was asleep and I look at this okay you
ready for this so this is my mom's
wardrobe nothing nothing like special
here and then if you go down boom what
the what look at his eye it's open
looking at me like the hell oh my god no
we're in the Carla listen to that okay
please discs are in 400 feet turn left
okay next right that's way in the street
so I can cancel that hold on okay wait
one sec it's on this side your is so
dark I can barely see anything in my
rearview
please mommy mommy love this car you
I'll show you be careful your car
jumping
hey watch this moment no no don't no up
to say moment generally like it swerves
a little okay left or right we are in
Montreux station right I just don't feel
safe in your car I'm sorry
I need to get using this car to us I'm
not even gonna haven't even put my foot
down on it and it's making this noise
like I'm just scared at the mall I don't
want to swerve here or anything so I'm
taking my time look at look at the vents
the vent actually indicate oh okay I
mean Google vomit seriously I'm I'm I
dropped me back home there I'm not gonna
sit next to me like this I'm stressed
out okay mommy I know why I feel so bad
maybe it's just been tuned as soon as
you buy it
once I get used to it
oh my god I'm taking a slow on the speed
watch because I don't want my front to
get pulled up
I called me to put in sports mode don't
do that please
he said it drifts more like when your
nose but so obviously that's why I can't
be doing it now what's wrong with you I
can't a not like my I'm tired at night I
like to go places very peacefully
careful this is a place I saw the car
knocked the bottom of the thing so
yeah but yeah like at night I like to be
in the peaceful dry this place it's not
really good idea to come up with someone
to get some new car and they're overly
excited and they want to kill you so I
should I don't know I had to come
because we need to do something I was
going
this is my first time at the petrol
station with this car I'm filling out
with some fuel that I love I'm learning
everyone this is a mute button I know
it's nothing special but yeah I'm just
loving it man
my mama sister inside and they're
currently trying to get me a sonic tag
now if you don't know what this is the
way I said that's so weird sonic and
basically what that is is when you're on
like the main road chairside you get
charged and you have to have a shape a
little bladder you have to have a solid
tag to get charged if you don't then
you're kind of breaking the law so
that's what they're doing right now
getting that for me okay since we're at
the petrol station I had to get myself a
hot dog night I love the hot dogs over
here which ones are normal hot dog is a
10-month yes how can I have two of them
because they're making pencil yes please
and here is my takeaway hot dog let's go
so a feature that is getting annoying
about this car is it tells me I'm over
the speed limit when I'm like passed it
by one one you are over addition
I don't know I get how this for me so I
can drive what you get to know me suck
map telling me you are over the speed
limit is good okay sit 150 feet turn
left see is satin of his own vomit
I don't really turn off no I didn't turn
it out
stupid oh my god it's five five
kilometers
Oh our distaste if you're gonna get over
the speed limit again this is got Maria
limit
everybody's getting out my way today oh
wait I'm not I'm not
he's right you're over the spear mom hit
the guys live some guys AC no AC in this
car I'm hot and second of all I don't
know how to load your Satnam how do you
load your SATA we love you mom if you
don't need to do that how do you race at
enough
where is the Sun I don't know where the
Sun I was like
by the back attorney one for this
movement okay I got wanted hi guys all
right everybody stop racing
everybody started a trend that's really
tricky how to work the menu really oh
yeah
we're over this movement okay so I'm 20
kilometres an hour
what really I need to find a setting for
you all done go tell this guy to stop
Huns and warnings okay down to more
action I think it's a good thing it's
annoying
yeah it's haunted you know you're gonna
be over to speaker all the time 20 kids
yeah I know even by one over it's gonna
tell you that they're over the speed
limit or good speeding audio animation I
think what you know should be off
once on the date date maybe that could
be on they have a ding ding feature
anyway guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
look here I enjoyed myself a bit too
much I think
but I wasn't pushing the car too much
because it is my first day and I was
getting like into grip with the car how
it feels and the sizing and everything
like that so hopefully you still enjoyed
I think I did push it quite a bit even
though it was the first day so if you
did enjoy hit the like button there'll
be many more videos with the car you
know me when I get something I'm
probably making my 50 videos with it so
yeah see you tomorrow with another
awesome blog love your faces every
single one of you yellow Yolo goodbye
