yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today I'm actually going to get my
license and you might be wondering what
you don't have a license alone now I do
I do now basically when I did my driving
test I did it in UK and when I came here
I never really convert my license to the
UAE license so yeah pretty much what
I'll be doing today is going and taking
my license and converting if you didn't
know if you have a UK license you can
just convert into you a license because
they accept it so yeah today I'm
officially going to have my license
woo off like 4 months oh I'm actually
really happy that the weather started to
get a little bit cold here because that
means I can start wearing my long
sleeves out again and yeah I can change
up the wardrobe a little to my looks
so yeah
don't believe me just watch oh damn funk
you up uptown funk you up I think I
should take back what I said in there
guard it's actually pretty hot outside I
don't think as my sister honking me but
yeah I actually need to go take an eye
test so they can check that I still got
my vision so hopefully my eyes don't act
up on me okay let's go I just finished
my eye test
I like post yes I still have my vision
guys I still have it barely so barely I
said I was like um is that a chi or a
one yet guys the vlogs have messed up my
eyes and to be honest I'm a stick mag
which means like sunlight affects my
eyes and like kind of makes me see
blurry for like just weaker so that
could be a reason to unfortunately I was
unable to convert my license today and
that's because I forgot to bring some
documents yep we always do that I swear
I don't know like
I always take the standard documents I
think I need my boss for stuff like that
you know just the basics and no look at
that photocopy of my face seems legit
seems legit Samoa copy of that ball and
it came out like that I feel so tired
this morning and I just went to get my
license and it failed on me thank you
oh I feel like I just wasted two hours
did I drop anything what did I drop oh
this is my first time doing the duck Yip
thing with the Pringles oh all right I
was going to leave you outside okay
sorry but I needed to go do some editing
piece my sister's seen bubbles on the
tree for the first time have you ever
seen him go up that high yeah to be
honest he knows what he's doing it I'll
teach him I teach him let all you have
to do is be like your bubbles you see my
finger here that's we need to be okay
follow the hand there you go he needs
you to hit that your treat so he knows
where to go Oh kitty was up there too
ha she was around the other side anyways
I spent five minutes making this mini
Domino thing leave Kitty alone man kitty
don't don't ruin it don't ruin it I show
Kate no I have to do it cuz she's gonna
ruin it what he wishes I made something
a bit more artistic this time okay ready
guys ready three two one wow that was
such a fail that was such a fail okay
let's do it from this side oh my god
I felt so hard you know what that's what
I wanted to happen okay
we failed kitty okay ready ready mommy
ready say what's up to the block
what's good what's up another one say no
I say what's up no no what's up was good
anyways me and my mom are just going to
go to the metro station now well we are
planning on going there however because
it is kind of a long work if we do
stumble across a taxi on the way we
might take that but the plan is take the
metro station to build it is kind of
long like walking and my feet get tired
quickly you guys like I'll kind of skip
leg day for like about a year and a half
so yeah I think I need to get back on
them legs so my mom just saw a taxi
going to the small community and she
knows it's going to come back out so
we're gonna try and catch it before it
leaves so you can take that straight to
our destination it is at night to be
honest and I can't be bothered to
alcohol so yeah hopefully it comes out
with nobody inside it I think they're
just dropping off someone look my mom's
trying to scout the taxi wait for us
wait for us look look it's the perfect
time to stop it stop sign patience is
the key okay please make him stop he
stopped
please start yes we got it thank you
wow look at the designs and the birds
not even right now
the place where I am right now brings
back so many memories and the reason is
my sister first got her fur I can choose
to come to this valet section all the
time and there's one specific photo that
photographer took of her car which has
been on the lamborghini official page
twice and got over 50,000 likes each
time anyways look at this valet section
it is absolutely gorgeous there's even a
Ferrari four five eight right there look
at that what a beauty
but that's not the valet that my sister
used to bark at this is a different one
the one she parked at is a little bit
ahead so I'm going to see if there's any
cars you can see there usually is but
not a bad lineup today it's a double
rate line up a white and a blue which
looks absolutely amazing what do you
guys prefer to be honest I don't know I
think I'll go for the white maybe
actually no I can't choose I can't
choose they look amazing I'm just
walking through the wall and I spotted
the roof which is all Starling and it
reminded me of the video which I saw and
I'm not sure if you guys have seen the
Rolls Royces which have the starlet roof
he actually costs $14,000 for a
rolls-royce with a starlet reviving just
adding that option itself costing
$14,000 which is a ridiculous amount me
my mom decided to have some pizza for a
wife's like from the boss
one month I've literally just been
having KFC which is kind of bad so I
decided to change up having their pizza
on my mom we're having pepperoni pizza
before you guys off pepperoni here is
not porn this is how you know your food
is ready
it just keeps beeping I can't believe
what just happened I sure I had a photo
with about seven people that knew about
my channel which was amazing like I was
such a smile on my face like even my mom
would say heroes with me so if you're
watching this thank you so much all of
you for the support me and my mom came
outside in the downtown area to be next
to the version Aleve as you can see they
wasn't designed going on it's like
sparkling and it looked absolutely
gorgeous look all the way from the
bottom to the top it's sparkling and
they have like a little light going on
off the top of it Wow
what a time
my mom loves this song mom what's it
saying in the song what's a song thing
or languages a Suffolk
we
me
yo you're not going to believe the valet
section today those are some nice cars
okay let's show you something look at
the color combination on this hurricane
it's like this matte gold finish which
looks incredible Wow
that is amazing it's just run this event
or SP just rolled up and it looks
absolutely gorgeous look at the color
look at the color of this car that's
amazing
this right here is what you call squad
goals like Rolls Royce and SV like you
can't get better than that
the last car I had to show you is this
metallic blue or chrome blue should I
say Ferrari four or five eight which
looks very mean within this small
parameter there's a hurricane and SV a
rolls-royce and another rolls-royce well
that was some fortunate course while you
ran into I just saw like an SV roll up
with the Rolls Royce and I was like damn
son mom you know what just rolled up you
know what car that was an Aventador SV
limited edition I'm in the Virgin Media
store and I ran into a section where
they sell the youtubers books look at
that they have PewDiePie's book they've
got shane dawson
marcus imagine if i get a book here one
day to be honest if i do have a book
it's probably not going to be like a
proper novel type of thing i hate
reading myself as I wouldn't make you
guys go through that I'd probably be
something very simple or I know
something pretty much empty no worries
me and my mum are going to
and take the metro now I'm going to let
you know before I'm used to living
divided like five six years ago the
metro station at the divide walls still
had no tunnel connected to the mall but
today we're we're on our way with the
taxi I think I saw like a bridge
connected to the mall so that's our
heading now and I think they've built
like a bridge from the wall straight to
the metro station which is epic so
hopefully that is the case I think is
because I'm seeing something coming up
so let's see how it looks like inside
the bridge it says Metrolink over here
so I'm assuming down this path is the
metro station even got a device souvenir
shop here
I love Dubai that's awesome
that is really awesome this is actually
really really cool now I think the whole
way from the mall to the metro station
there just loads of like mini shops okay
my sister would have loved this shop
it's like oh okay so this is where the
connection actually starts that's
actually really awesome like within the
span of five years so much can change
like I know this isn't much it's just
like a little connection bridge but it's
a lot improving like thank you for
visiting the divide wall I don't know
what I've been told I feel are starting
to hurt now because the most line coming
something
okay and this your last chance to go on
the Metro it's okay I could drop you off
at the Metro my Mustang and then yeah
okay I need to massage my mouth I can't
speak anymore I swear like I'm messing
up with my words so badly I think I have
enough let's go now we're back on the
tube I keep on calling it tube even
though it's the Metro I'm sorry I always
have that habit because in London you
call it a tube but you're it's called
the Metro this is actually going to
probably be one of the last times I come
on the metro before I get my car so it's
gonna be sad because I've read in the
conversation you guys really love me
coming on it because it was such a nice
view and just something different for
those look so I had to do it one more
time before my car gets here and
Saturday it's like three days away until
I get my car so I don't think I'll be
coming back on the tube don't worry
though because my mum has promised me
that she's gonna still come on the train
so I'm gonna drop you off with my car
and from now on you might get mummy more
Metro vlogs the thing is she was like oh
after mo gets the car we can't take the
train well you can still take the train
I promise I'll drop you off every
morning wherever you wanna go
my mum is going to be the number one
person who is going to abuse me she's
gonna make me beat her personal driver
once I get my car she sees my own mo
I need I need grocery shopping Oh mo
don't don't need that smile he's so
happy because she knows she knows she's
gonna use me and here's the train Lego
boys let's go
and here we are we are reminded leave
home they've got some pretty nice days
at the metro station you think it's like
a palace
Wow look at that exit time mummy you go
first just in case you made it now me
yes I've got three Durham's left echo
there's actually like an echo in this
building this is the only trouble we
have now it's actually getting home from
the train station because we're lazy and
we don't want to walk so where's the
taxi at Rose yeah we should have thought
about this before coming here this might
be a miracle I think that's a taxi
please please taxi
yes yes mum we did it we did it yes oh
my god treating yourself good huh I
swear I just got home the door rang and
I opened it oh yeah what what what did
you get
okay there's one guy on Instagram wonder
who he is he tagged me on a picture on
Instagram and it was a close call sushi
are okay but before she finishes whoever
you are a year I completed just cos 387
dirt I did it to try it out on top of
sushi cost eighty seven thousand I don't
like a stop tagging her because I will
find you and I'm gonna expose your me
and I see my sister so I don't
understand
it cost 87 Durham's for takeaway sushi
me sushi okay you better post some
pictures on Instagram and get them likes
or that because whoever tagged you oh my
god bubbles is attacking the sushi oh my
god Boulud please no no no save the
sushi save it King Kong it's coming my
sister just tried the sushi and I think
something clicked in her head for once
and she realized how bad sushi tastes I
mean you know what for once I thank you
guys for adding her with the sushi cuz
now she realized how bad it tastes she
was like damn bro is that sushi I just
speaking the truth I hear I say any lies
she was trying to drink soy sauce the
maitre de scole
that I can you know I take back why I
said thank you to my bro frying her yeah
go drink that sushi Oh a bigger bubbles
he's seeing on my mom's lap lucky let me
reposition them reposition himself go on
but was yeah get that get that good
position for yourself ah they get him my
sister resorted from her sushi to the
pizza she just wasn't feeling it okay
you want me to sing your song why you
lyin why are you always lying
oh my god stop you're lying
always lying to me lying so much I have
another son freak let's just be honest
lashes being real let's just be honest
sushi wasn't the deal offer it's okay
it's never too late to say you messed up
you don't messed up before I wrap up the
vlog I want to say two things that I've
vented or we saw over there the ESPYs
are actually limited edition and they
are gorgeous now I saw some young people
getting out of it I always loved seeing
like young people with nice cars it's
kind of like motivation for me and this
kind of leads on to the second thing I
want to say is the other day or two days
ago exactly I saw a comment that
actually made me smile like legitimately
make me feel good about myself and the
comment was saying more I love the fact
that you're always so positive in the
vlogs now the reason it made me smile is
you know when you would like somebody
you like to know is something I always
like wish that you guys take you in like
I always want you guys to take in one
thing from my blogs and that's just
positivity because trust me just being
positive towards life will get you so
far like even if it doesn't like
physically get you like the things you
want you're just always going to be
happy like what else could you want like
except from being happy that's it that's
all I'm gonna say thank you for the
person who noticed that commented it and
yeah see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog be happy you guys just be happy
love you all
Jana Yolo good boy
