we have two suspects outside uh no idea
what they're doing
Donna Donna don't damn and he's gone he
just ditched his rent
oh yeah will you answer
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another
Fraggle istic vlog so I'm gonna be
completely honest this morning our house
is a mess everything is being chucked
around and cleaned up that is Katie's
house now she has like a little play
area inside which consists of this thing
and we've taken outside to clean it up
as you can see it's nice and white now
now inside doesn't get much better you
know what's really really funny we've
been here for like four or five months
and we still haven't even opened all our
boxes that we shipped over that's one of
them that still hasn't been opened one
has been taken upstairs with like a
bunch of my sister's clothes and she's
soaring growl yeah it's just a complete
mess this morning yeah this is how my
sister's room looks like at the moment
guys look a whole box of clothes were in
them now she's just taking them out now
look at her jumper
I love Cape Town anyways I'm gonna leave
you here we have bubble sleeping here as
well a new one yes why I always like
makeup and YouTube things you made an
Instagram beauty is only about beauty
stuff like oh okay well there you go I
actually did not know about that so it's
been a really really long time since I
had myself some popcorn and fun fact
before I used to like watch loads and
loads of lagers this was way before I
even started I used to heat myself some
popcorn up and just watch the vlogs now
I'm making a vlog which is like what I'm
on the other side of the camera but yeah
that's it reloads people watching this
right now and you're having popcorn oh
all right time to put this in the
microwave okay I'm pretty sure it's like
this okay let's get it ready steady one
two three minutes and start
anyways guys assault do with nine
seconds to go
you know don't have it as burned as it
will be oh all very hot very hot chuck
it in there chuck it in there and we are
good to go boom this is so so hot right
now you don't even believe it
so let's go ahead and empty out into
this plate that looks satisfying do not
lie to me
whoa empty popcorn bag there's one more
in there one more okay anyways here's
some popcorn
let's go share it with the fan as you
can see they are watching my videos over
there who wants popcorn does anybody
want popcorn no are you gonna keep on
annoying me
three two what what what is this I don't
know I just sprayed that nothing came
out Oh
stuff did come out oh this is cool
oh it's not working any what the hell is
it okay time to clean up hey Jeff
another question to ask I cannot sir a
dish oh I'm not ready for camera not Oh
already ready camera Nikola this tight
cheese
to see itza by mistake okay guys time to
do a little project with this okay ready
okay I think I bought like the cheapest
one what the hell is this no that's
great this is a load of rubbish ah there
we go
there we go boys the dream okay now I
know why this was less than a dollar to
buy because it's absolutely garbage what
the hell is that doesn't even come out
properly so if you look here my videos
uploading it's gonna take like 35
minutes so in the meantime I'm gonna go
skateboard by the way if you're
wondering why I was spraying that thing
on my sister
she asks me too many questions so I felt
like she deserved it anyways let's get
to skateboarding
at the moment here in Dubai it's
technically winter I think and the
weather is like the most perfect it's
ever going to be
I'm coming in a mist this once it
becomes summer so let's use as much as
we can now oh oh
speed bump success to be on that clip
right there guys I solid about five
different flies why there's only flies
there I don't know it's probably cause
of the lake
ah I was disgusting
okay that's a wrap guys I'm done for
today there's some lake maintenance
going on right now look at these what is
that I have no idea it looks like a
massive tube anyways let's go back
inside a little bit of exercising and
enjoyed the amazing view for some odd
reason our road is always darker than
all the other roads don't know why but
it just seems to be okay nobody's on PS
guys look what my mum boys uses on okey
the one of you I said this to her and it
says mommy honey wait doors locked
oh shit I hate you I swear I did not
even see where were you hiding
that's the worst prank ever because I
couldn't even see my face I said no I
heart you stop okay I know this may seem
like a bit of an overreaction but it's
freezing outside and I unbox this out of
my London clothes so I'm gonna wear it
like this massive jacket let's go out so
me and my mom have come to this new
shawarma joint well it's been around for
a while the only thing is we're trying
it for the first time and it's this
place that's really really close to our
house I hope it's good because if it is
I stir I'm going to be coming your way
more often anyways that is a chihuahua
if you guys are wondering what it is
it's that stuff like on the stick and
yeah we're gonna go do some shopping
while it gets ready because it's going
to say like five ten minutes anyways and
the shops are right around the corner
you know what I have not had for a
really really long
Kinder Bueno I remember like this was
the holy grail of chocolate before I
don't know it kind of like on earth I've
become old or people have started having
it less but when I was a kid like this
was to die for
the Chihuahua place is like two minutes
round the corner but we're actually
gonna drive there let's go
hashtag lazy hashtag laziest people of
the year goes to us okay worst driver in
history award hi and here are the show
Armour guys mommy there you go let's go
home since I'm home I'm gonna be doing
something I haven't done for a while but
I really really enjoyed doing it last
time so we're doing it again and it's
going to be another snapchat video so if
you guys don't already follow me on
snapchat my name is right here Mohamed
do go in Mia follow there and whenever I
do these videos you can participate as
well and if you haven't already please
please please follow me on Instagram
it's old boom the name is mo underscore
vlogs underscore I know I have different
names everywhere but sorry they're
always down in the description and yeah
so let's get strange these are these
snaps guys and see what's up okay mo
blog what's up Oh oh my god yo what's up
what's up from Sweden that's dope what
this is just like know your sisters so
cough man oh my god oh my god so far oh
yeah I moved just didn't you know your
drugs are awesome
oh so glad subscribed worth the watch it
oh yes the man is gonna say keep up the
hard work
he did work you rather keep up and doing
videos of medicina bite cheered bro for
sure man for sure I love the beach
shoutout to my blog visite - keep up the
good work
never play itself don't play yourself
major claim all the way to California of
gravity cheers bro the hell was that you
know serious edit
in my dreams I see you okay I'm going to
be honest I focus too much on my work
and stuff that I want to do and I
haven't had the time to really look
around so that's the honest truth
thank you the Lamborghini thank you wait
whoa oh it stopped power stop
how is snapchat this weird I don't
understand
bastards right for sure what the hell is
it
get your face back in snapchat brah
till I heard that one okay guys snapchat
videos are not just an excuse for you
guys to send me swear words okay hello
too much brandy from any I watch my
vlogs everyday know your slice we get it
oh wait first second I'm not sure is
this the same guy that wanted to marry
Lana because I'm confused right now I
think that might have been somebody else
no that was somebody else I can okay
that thank you for the nice snapchat I'm
just I'm just trying to remember right
here do I study um I'm taking a gap year
at the moment guys I get this question a
lot do I go to uni I did my first year
of university in London and this year is
a gap year basically I'm going back next
year
technically that is if I don't decide to
fully quit Oh we'll see about that folks
this is me
Achtung follow us crossly hello
everybody
okay this guy could be the next dj
khaled all right guys that concludes our
snapchat video I've got like another 200
steps to go through by myself if you do
want to get involved as I said please
follow my snapchat and my
Graham just as like a little bonus and
yeah that is a lot of snapchats I've
been recording here for over an hour
even though it's probably cut down to
like three four minutes at max PS I know
I didn't mention it but please next time
send in videos on snapchat most the
times or pretty much all the times
that's what I'm gonna put into them
because I just like seeing you guys and
interacting with you yellow yellow
goodbye
