yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
and before I start happy Valentine's Day
even though it's already late so I hope
you all had an amazing day - currently
Valentine's Day right now today woke up
on the floor have like a bad back
because of it
and look at the CCTV cameras ok brah if
anything goes down I don't think this
will be identification what's that word
identify
I'm not going that good at English you
probably know that anyways let's go see
what bubbles is up to I'm dead
I lost that word ident you still be was
not thirsty by the way I want to say a
huge thank you for everybody leaving
nice going some yesterday's video for ki
she's actually getting on pretty well
now her coat is still on her head we
take it off to feed her because she
doesn't like it
there's my mom inside her little tent
trying to feed her right now she's
eating she feels much better than look
at her she said no more no more I've
already eaten a lot since it's
Valentine's Day I thought before I went
out I change into something that fits
the description of the day red that
means I'm gonna wear my new kicks for
the first time I still have anybody
steps on my new Jordan's outside in the
mall let's just believe that there's
going to be some buying happening
because nobody's stepping on my shoes so
let's get these bad boys out and let's
wear them for the first time they've got
such a strong smell like they still like
nobody man J's on my feet
fresh Jade's oh just
babe what ello anyways guys I think it's
time to go out we've got the proper
Valentine's Day swag you know even if
you're single just just flex on people
pretend pretend like you're celebrating
it you know what I mean
got the what are those shoes on honey to
lift my legs up but yeah proper strike
down let's go I thought I'd check
snapchat because team snapchat sent
everybody steps let me take a guess it's
gonna remind me it's Valentine's Day
otherwise I know sound damn it that's
great I missed it so we actually DIY to
Kitty's little cone I'm not sure if you
guys can tell it is much smaller than it
was we basically cut this section off it
and now she has like a smaller comb
because I think that was a bit too big
for her we took it into our own hands to
give her a smaller cone Veronica look at
the way she's looking aside I don't want
it I don't want it so you know what's
really really funny so this morning
bubbles is out and he basically had like
a mini fight with Toby so I ran out to
get him and that involved me running
over to like neighbors because that's
where the other cat ran and while that
happened for like for members of the
yo-yo squad we're outside the house I'm
actually looking there's loads of kids
over there I was wondering if they're
coming over here but yeah like four
members of the yo-yo squad were out here
and I ran out of my pajamas scruffy hair
just woke up and they took my autograph
and I don't have a notary off guys all I
can do is write more vlogs in their name
I found it super super like the timing
was so like odd but perfect and the same
tiles like whoa anyways guys me and my
mom are just about to head out now I
actually really want to go watch this
movie that just came out recently I
can't remember its name but it's really
really popular so once I get that I can
let you know I'm not even sure if you're
going to get tickets in on Valentine's
Day my sister's gonna join us they're
late
because number one she takes hella long
to get ready and number two she's gonna
take care of kitty a bit longer because
we don't leave her alone too much
because of what happened yesterday PS I
know there's gonna be comment saying mo
you're a loser you're single on
Valentine's Day do I do I care do I care
I'm kidding guys
it's alright it's alright to be single
for someone else single don't take it as
a bad thing and besides from that I do
have a Valentine look at my baby right
there my Mustang
she is my Valentines Day so I'm gonna go
out take her for a ride you know how is
and we'll spend the day together my baby
Mustang here you go
it's okay baby it's okay let's go it's
Valentine's Day
I understand but really blue really how
much traffic does there need to be I
don't think Valentine's Day needs to be
this popular okay
look at that guys that's what you call a
Valentine's Day g-wagen present that'd
be so awesome hey we made it we made it
Kix coming up tip tone in my Jordan's
done and then you know what it's
surprisingly really really empty even
though there was traffic on the way it
just seems like people were going back
from work so guys that was the movie I
wanted to watch but it's not in divine
to another four days I sure I've seen so
many blogs of people watching that pool
and giving their reviews on it and it's
not even out you guys saw it said it's
released on the 18th but the reason is
here some movies I don't understand
ships are special like type of things
and then they release it so I'm not sure
maybe they're like censoring parts out
the movie or just changing up a bit to
make it suitable for here but that is
the reason if you're wondering why I
generally some countries just release
later than others so I actually come and
I'm trying on this white shirt guys
because I think it's a much nicer match
with my shoes don't you guys reckon that
this hat looks I think I complete you
more my outfit wrong and I think I look
much nicer can I can be in the mirror
I'm Jasmine can I get this but it might
be a bit too tight the thing is I really
do want a white t-shirt but I don't like
them like you know the plastic II feel
like this I just want to get pure com1
so I'm going to look around to find one
because this one just felt a bit weird
check out this base guys it's in this
shoe district and they've got loads and
loads of flowers just take one my we
take one run without you know don't take
my don't take book you can actually take
it I let's go anyways as you can see you
guys I never ended up getting this shirt
or just looking around in the shoe
district place I was going to take a
look at some more Jordans now I got my
second pair I don't know I'm kind of I
might started it like a collection of my
own they actually have a hockey teams
I've never seen hockey practice I think
they're about started match guys this
should be interesting
there are other people down there
watching
or aren't you
I quit you around to my car and got my
jacket because I just realized it's
white and it matches the crÃªpes so I
kind of did swag out right now I've got
like a whole look going on my sister
just joined us that's why I'm sitting
down on a chair right now I'm waiting
for her to finish buying makeup yep
makeup so while my sister is shopping I
thought I'd show you some ice which I
bought today so not sure if you see that
guy's got myself a new little you know a
diamond ring I thought whoa blogs needs
a bit more swag and yeah it's just on my
pinky that's how I roll out here cookie
it's really my mum's I couldn't fit it
anywhere else in my hand that's how we
do out here spuds me guys
fugly
so here as long as you can see she
decided to join us first thing she did
is viola to make up for passing by like
the fashion opinion you know it's really
surprising on Valentine's Day there's so
many more single people to my thought so
thumbs up if you're one of us well yeah
we're just going around she's she's got
like a bucket list of things she needs
to buy herself a Valentine's Day and
she's doing that so it's gonna be a very
boring day for me okay check out his
place which I'm currently in what these
are all perfumes by the way this lady
looks closer oh I think these are dude
my mom said as you can see look at them
they're all lined up and everything
really really cool and you can just sit
down here like a while you look at these
so why not why not just have a bit of
Dolce & Gabbana fragrance
probably not my starter I'm just looking
around the shops trying to find a nice
he's up very few
so I'm just testing
am I gonna do more days and then I'll
make up my mind okay
by not let's go you go I'm not standing
up bye-bye
so yeah that's pretty much what's going
on my sister is just treating herself on
Valentine's Day
who does that but is it put it down here
put it down here
let's see it's worked oh okay there you
go that's okay I got a little bit on my
hand
so which ones do you like this one this
one loved ones back it's red check this
out guys what do you reckon this is are
you ready for this three two one
it's a we where oh my god it's a mirror
oh I'm like the most bored person ever
in the makeup store you know what look
at yourself you guys
see that staring there guys that's
Illuminati
my mommy let me go away the blog doesn't
want to see you do you know what you see
in like they start doing people's
makeups for movie sets and stuff that is
what it looks like anyways they let me
check this out oh there's stuff in there
let's not touch it alright peace out
so this is what single people do now
it's a thing okay ready
300 K we want it three two one okay my
sister just took her foes do you like it
whoa whoa look at that check that out eh
hey you guys are walking at normal floor
I've got this I've got the lit up more
to walk on my sister's trying to find
this exclusive sushi place called mango
or mango or some something weird like
that
was it good
I can let's try and find mango Minogue
over the sushi basic school mango I was
correct
mango sushi now let's see where it says
we need to go I can't follow that oh
okay
go up once more oh look at that
oK we've completely lost our way and my
sister is trying to you can't find it so
you can do manga sushi we got you now ok
manga sushi what why are you taking us
man this place is so far
Hey
oh we have to go all the way that way
and then all the way that way now so it
looks like a new sushi places I've never
seen this place before
let's check the menu what's up what's up
over here sushi bar there's a sushi cool
cowboy what the hell
cowboy sushi he are let's see what they
are lobster rock this place there's
pretty cool inside it alright so we came
to my sushi with my brother yes I
totally love sushi I'm supposed to look
in the lens right okay yeah so I think
you love sushi and I made my mom and my
brother come with me - mango sushi in
the Bible I found about this place from
snapchat foreign place
I'll show you guys something
look at that morning at least they gave
you some protecting hey now we like the
place sushi oh yeah this is I like this
it's a very light suit it's called mr.
Smee
yeah so I totally love their sushi and
I'm going to finish this and we're going
to go feed my mom on her brother now so
yeah it was on the way I'm not that
selfish I was I would have let them eat
their food first but we were already
passing and by with without careful
help me help me please
there's anybody on YouTube call 9-1-1
right I hate sushi places okay so we're
done over here guys how we need to build
Hill those two fingers those no fingers
a title for a bill bill B and that's a
wrap guys happy Valentine's Day I say
there is so many single people out today
I think I think Valentine's Day is
turned into the holiday for single
people to come out and just be like yell
so I'll start everybody we out here - we
are here - you know it's funny my sister
parks so far and there's some new bar
next to it I parked my car all the way
at the front guys like I don't really
care cuz obviously my car can get banged
up who cares nobody parks next to me
sister on the other hand parks five
miles down hood and somebody decides to
park straight next to you actually look
at this look at this they do have that
bumper thing so they can't even knock
your door maybe they knew you they're
like oh my god Lana's party let's park
next door so shout out to this car park
next to Lana yeah what's up me and my
mom we're gonna go in my car alright see
peace
so we just stopped by the petrol station
to pump some gas I think my car is
finished my sister is also here to pump
some gas okay she turned on but there's
a really nice Corvette coming as well
there you go
Oh is she gonna do
what's up oh you're gonna go home okay
you can wait for us wait for us
no no they're hearing us nothing here
damn it
I said it was unlucky we couldn't make
it to the first cars
I know
before today's vlog I want to talk about
something in regards to Valentine's Day
now before I start talking let me just
say if you're someone who is in a
relationship on Valentine's Day I hope
you had a great time with your loved one
but the talk I'm having is for the
single people like me so a lot of the
time of experience people saying oh you
don't have a girlfriend like you're a
loser why don't you have a girlfriend
etc etc and if you're somebody that was
single on Valentine's Day I just want to
say do not care about what anyone else
says I'm going to tell you why I'm
saying okay obviously you guys will know
that and I'm going to be completely
honest if I really really wanted to I
could be in a relationship and I'm
guessing it's the same for pretty much
anybody like it's not that hard
but there's no point being in a
relationship if you're not going to be
happy a lot of the time I hate it
because people always want like to be in
a relationship just for the status oh I
have a girlfriend oh I have a boyfriend
and if you're someone I was single and
somebody even tried to say something to
you just be like yo I was happy like why
are you getting on to me anyways I hope
you all had an amazing day if you're in
a relationship or not I hope you were
having the time of your life anyways you
guys two more stay awesome stay happy be
positive and move forward yeah Yolo
bye alright hold up everybody quick vlog
extra since the end of my vlog was a
little bit of her and I'm going to
extend that rant because this what I'm
about to show you is just the bag to be
honest okay look at this so I already
mentioned to you guys that there are
fake mold logs doing like giveaways and
what's even more sad is every single
time there's like a weird profile with
some sort of girl picture on there which
is always like a fake person and look at
the replies it's some spam doubt replies
just to make sure that at the bottom of
all of this the fake move logs does this
giveaway so all I do is
block the usual look I'm going to show
you look I can't even go to China wait
one second I go to their channel and
look once you go over for subscribers
and I've already blocked him look
unblock user and once I do that I remove
it but there's still no point you just
keep on making new accounts anyways as
you saw there guys I try my best to
remove it but how sad do people need to
be to just keep on spamming out with new
accounts to try and scam people like
that's just awful anyways see you guys
tomorrow for another vlog stay happy and
positive and try not to get scared by
those fake imposters and yeah bye
