oh my god guys oh my god they don't let
moved on
okay good morning guys and welcome to
another vlog basically I wasn't planning
on starting the vlog here but we heard
some scruffs outside with some meows and
I think the black cat tacky and her leg
is bleeding now Sora calling I don't
know somewhere to do something as you
can see that's her leg like that blood
is coming from her leg I'm not going to
go close to her because she'll keep
walking she's yeah she's licking the
blood which was it was it
I don't know mommy watch cows grumpy oh
no stop walking kitty he's really
worried about her yeah he's worried
about her so that is a pretty bad way to
start the day and bowls is actually
really really nervous because the black
cat actor we saw bobbles like run and
defender like he was right next to her
at the moment he's kind of white for he
just keeps on going around her and
smelling her butt and stuff like that
we're not going to go close to I'm not
sure if you can see her
there's blood look at all of this blood
guys like that was when she was walking
inside there's some here and there's
some oh my god I'm not sure if you can
see that she doesn't want to walk right
now no no no no no no get up don't get
up it's a game anyways my sister's just
calling the vet place the thing is she
still has a vaccine so that's a good
thing I think she can't get affection or
psyching really last chance so he might
just let her heal up inside but she's
calling this a dog check poor guy he
gets so worried for her oh she's in pain
she's I don't touch me so we're just
checking up CCD footage now guys okay
that is keyed you want to fast-forward
it so you can see do you see any other
cat coming okay she moved under the lamp
oh yeah keep going
oh okay so you know what happened she
actually went into the neighbor's garden
so as you guys can tell we're just
looking back at the CCTV to kind of see
what happened what cat it was and stuff
like that okay down here you go here you
go okay Oh's now she's gonna walk over
here do you see that she's going to the
neighbors that's where I think she gets
attacked so she goes out of our vision
now she's no longer in your house then a
couple minutes later a couple of seconds
there she starts running back so I think
Grand Prix saw her here she ran back for
safety and then checked these cameras as
well for bubbles oh okay who's that who
is that no no no no no that's bubbles
okay
that's bubbles you see him now bubbles
is trying to see where kitty is at this
point
okay okay bubble starts panicking here I
think he must have heard key okay you
see that
yeah he's his tail now he's running he's
running
no I did it oh he ran all the way
opposite the road did you see that and
there you go KITT you with her broken
leg do you see that bubbles brought her
back yeah it wasn't in the house and
then there's us coming out we heard
something do you see that which cat do
you see attack we can't tell those
across the road do you want to have a
look and see which cat is near our area
right so kitty actually also lost her
necklace in the arc I found her necklace
it's under the landcruiser okay there
you go got it
so there you go guys she got attacked
under a neighbor's car I think that's
where it grumpy was so yeah we finally
figured it out I'm pretty sure it was
grumpy because there wasn't any other
cat around in the morning kind of sad
that she got attacked now she's just
recovering but stuff happens okay I
think we have some new year's squad at
the door oh yeah they are hello what's
up that's when you were going to your
collection oh my god
how's it going so Luca and Nico are here
and like loads and loads of coins what
are these are they different currencies
Japan Czech Republic Japan what is that
one there's one really really like
odd-shaped one Singapore and then
there's how do you have all of these
cards here in two different countries so
yeah that is the really really strange
one ways this one um two dollars for our
Singaporean dollars that is also never
seen a shape by that straitening dollars
anyways thanks again guys I'll see you
later check them out they also have
YouTube channels there down below and
they stay also be safe guys Oh bye
anyways that was really really cool
speaking to Luca Nico I've seen them
before like a couple months back and
they brought this by I swear the money
collection is becoming so big right now
I think I need to do an update very very
soon do you want to see my bedroom
explosion Andrews s but this where the
rest of the money is right here in this
corner do you see this this is like not
even all of it like it's all in the box
and everything oh my god by the way I'm
not even sure if I show this but Nico
also gave me some coca-cola cards it's
going on my table I like cool stuff like
that and yeah as you continue the rest
of the day I ran out of breath running
up my stairs oh my God my fitness levels
are bad so guys in about half an hour
time we are actually going to take key
to the vet initially we weren't planning
on doing so but my momma sister checked
inside and she's going through a lot of
pain so maybe go there put some anti
infection on it with some painkiller to
ease the pain it's sad cuz this guy
grumpy which is behind the door he's the
one that attacked her it's okay but
there's nothing you can do man they're
just like animals you can't really
punish them they don't understand so it
was just an unfortunate occasion we're
gonna try I'm gonna feed him now because
I don't really like feel like because he
attacked her it's like like treat him
differently or anything okay look at
this guys I'm gonna feed him but I'm
taking him very far from our house so he
doesn't learn come yeah come here right
here there you go that's your food take
it
okay okay I'm gonna leave him to eat
here so keys that point when is actually
at seven o'clock but we're gonna try and
feed her a little now before she goes
she can't really sit up properly so
we're just trying to give it to her in
our place you know she wants huh
I know I don't think she's feeling the
food lever it's time to take you to the
vet we need to put her in her little box
now as you can see I have no idea and
she absolutely hates that box so there's
no way she's gonna walk in there by
herself we have to raise goes to lift
her up because she's gonna scream okay I
don't know how I'm gonna help you she
keeps on moaning there's not much more I
can do here
that's okay kid here take a mommy
careful no no it's okay let's go quick
let's go quick take her quickly in
softly it's okay kitty we're doing this
for your good
you got her okay I'll bring your bag I
got you if you can't tell her I need
kitty absolutely hates that box I guess
she doesn't like going to like the
doctors but obviously it's for their
good so I'm gonna quickly get my shoes
on and we're gonna go peace I know what
are you doing I want her to see us
okay I'm pretty sure she sees oh she's
gonna complain more yeah
thanks good leave her there okay kidney
he'll be fine once she gets her
painkillers and I think they'll inject
her with antibiotics Jenny it's gonna be
I mean yeah we're not sure but it was
bleeding a bit like when she was coming
in was like bleeding everyone left the
only issue is that she got bit in a very
bad place like it was just where her bum
is and there is a lot of bacteria around
there so you know obviously that's an
area where it could lead to possibly an
infection so you need to give her
antibiotics the place we're bringing her
right now is actually the exact same
place we came to when her leg was broken
when we found her so hopefully
everything goes fine and she's okay
again as I said this was just like
proportion Airi actions check out these
cats guys they're for adoption you know
cash if has catches my friend by the way
guys she has some orange cats exactly
like that and there's one down there as
well adopt them yeah you can come here
and the doctor let me touch her let me
touch oh okay now how about touching
please try to grab your arm come out
Niebuhr come at me oh oh come on come at
me bro go do
I'm scared Akagi you were one of you
bubbles that's my best friend that's my
best friend oh oh he's attacking you
guys oh my god that's my best friend
that's why I misread me come at me where
you ain't doing nothing commitment we
saw she started bleeding from the back
not sure if I was a biosketch it's just
something
yeah she's gonna scream a launch okay
perfect she when eating and drinking
she has weak Feddersen she got in the
beginning like one one eight one who PMI
after okay
and then she was it was even beginning
but number
she husband it's okay kitty how much
she's over here mix - yeah
the attack is we actually have a male
one - and he ran to try and protect her
but it's too late she hasn't wanted a
toilet no judgment here
oh this since one o'clock afternoon yeah
yeah
that's weird oh that looks painful was a
bike idea it was a bite oh well thank
you
well she had some tapeworms not that
that's related so guys were finished up
at the vet right now we're gonna take
key home you're not gonna believe it she
has like one of them you know them cold
head thing Buster color I'll show you
when we get home but she looks
absolutely adorable yeah
she looks very rocky badly she's gonna
be okay
painkillers now so so she's not in pain
but she's just grumpy
she used to got antibody injections oh
look at that little coat around here
yeah rest up and be back with bubbles
thanks a lot bye-bye
okay I'm gonna drive slowly home because
obviously yeah now she's got her anti
infection her her painkillers she has
everything right now so she should be
fine it's like today's vlog turned into
like kitty an emergency for key but you
guys I can't put her in first the fries
- John wait oh I feel so bad for her
guys frustrated because she's not moving
she keeps hitting her cone everywhere
leave really really really / so yeah
guys that is what kitty has to be on oh
no it's okay kitty
your neck you have a little thing on
your neck she tries to go up the stairs
but she doesn't realize that the thing
is like that but she has to have it up
the stairs kitty kitty what's wrong we
obviously but what's the point she's
gonna get stuck in every stair like in
here here okay why don't we just help ya
help her pull that thing up while she's
going up lift your head a little bit
more oh yeah she's learning she is
learning guys so for those of you
wondering like what's going on basically
the cat side bit the back side of kitty
and we can't never leak it because then
there's a chance of infection so that's
why they put this cone they don't want
her to lick it they basically
anti-bacterial up and stuff like that
and that's why the cone is there and we
caught that bubbles like it either
because it's still like saliva
don't worry key you know why they keep
success they will hit you down you will
go through hard times kitty but don't
forget you will overcome them Kitty so
four more days and she's back up and
running guys don't forget that did you
smart not you turn the camera inside
kitty you be okay me my mom are gonna go
out to do a bit
shopping my sister's watching key just
to make sure bubbles doesn't like you
know annoy her why am i light to the
London okay there you go they turned off
let's go buy some stuff for the cats
they need food I feel really really
really peckish right now and I'm in the
chocolate section which makes it even
that much worse so let me think what
chocolate do I need noise on what do I
need right now how's that let me go
ahead and pick something I just can't
choosing the chocolate section
everything is so nice you know what guys
I'm gonna take one kinder chocolate
I had this so much as a kid and they
still haven't changed the guy's face
it's always been the same oh my God look
at these dogs outside the shop guys
they're really calm that's awesome hello
please don't bark at me or I would like
okay no a crack oh okay see there see
everybody good I want to see if I can
actually touch them guys I came back
hello
oh I absolutely love dogs so much how's
this one how's this guy okay no this guy
wants all the love I see you guys there
we've opened up his little umbrella so
she can eat her food a bit easier this
way she doesn't have to like get stuck
by it oh look at that guy's brothers
opening she can finally eat yeah that
was a good idea I just leave it leave it
she's got it she's got it so since we
didn't get to go out too much today I
decided just to open this box up and see
what's inside it listen to this I have
no idea what that is but we're gonna
find out so let's get straight into
opening this box got my flip hot knife
is you know how to do it and yeah let's
just slowly cut away at this to be
honest I could do in my hand oh okay
there's some electronics in here you're
kidding me I promise you so basically
the reason or saying is is because this
went through customs and we were
wondering why ugh
through customs but there seems to be
some sort on ik box in there you see
that something that says Wi-Fi there you
go okay it says it's a powerful new quad
core processor come on you so this is
what came in the post I'm quickly going
to read and see what it is because I'm
kind of unsure
it says broad continent I think I got an
email about this and somebody told me
I'm going to send you a box and you can
watch TV shows from all over the world
so like for example ITV from London or
like if you want USA channels and stuff
like that and this is a way to stream
online I think ok cut
Legally streaming online hey let me just
make sure to say it's illegally
streaming you're online guys ok it's not
some like weird illegal stuff this is
like a boxed illegally stream TV
channels so that is pretty cool let's
see what else is in the box ok there is
a bunch of candy in here too oh my your
heart what and what you're gonna make me
obese there is so much candy in here
just open up your hands there push pop
her she's there
so thank you so so much to mark for
hooking us up with this an hour plus
device I'll definitely check it out try
it it says it like live streams
a thousand channels or something really
really high let me open it and see
what's inside the book it's like a mini
melt I'm opening so I guess it's like a
it's like a Apple TV boss you know I
look at it it's this really really cool
okay oh okay
I definitely need to learn how to use
this because I don't even know how it
works but thanks a lot thank you let me
go ahead and open this and actually try
it out I haven't had these for like
years there we go oh do you remember
this do you remember this light saber
lollipop how do you put this back in
mm-hmm after two hours this is what I've
done to my lollipop so I've created
pretty much a knife and I'm gonna stab
key with it so let's see how this goes
okay all jokes aside guys I think my
sister might be sleeping downstairs to
keep Keisha company as well I think all
three of us might be sleeping downstairs
so that's a great way to get into
tomorrow which is Valentine's Day
Stav wake up on the floor probably have
damaged backs we're gonna be like hot
dead she was planning a whole thing
right
cheers her planning all independent
woman Valentine's Day
we have bubbles on this side running a
scratch just in the middle of the night
if we move we have kitty with her
retarded umbrella thing Oh runny oh
my god I got to get a predator meets a
toy and it's gone
and it's gone oh my god
rest in peace toy you can still fly
higher than ooh boy
I'm better than you oh he hates it now
oh yeah is I could jump to I could jump
- what's going on here guys we're
fighting for who takes the couch tonight
Weiss my boss wants it but you've lost
my mom was first mommy are you okay
yeah don't worry this is good efficiency
guys people can sleep in this man wife I
was trying to you were lost like you
have no say in this we're gonna sleep
downstairs with the cats for today I'll
see you guys tomorrow
Valentine's Day we're still Elias back
then
and yes they awesome everybody what a
star yo-yo best Valentine's Day tomorrow
goodbye follows will you be my Valentine
this is our camp for tonight you got
five people sleeping kitty over there
Lana hear me here mommy here I'm bubbles
there yeah we've got a five man camp in
the living room so hopefully it's a good
night nobody gets injured here and the
cats are fine so basically guys kitties
gonna over there so whenever she
does that they're gonna smell cat
right here
thank you yeah me too I know you see you
guys tomorrow Valentine's Day we're
gonna we're gonna do it big out here
peace
