one two three four five six year squad
and the building oh they're leaving
don't worry guys I said hi to them this
morning so he didn't meet selfie on
point brah this guy's got the tactic did
you see he's got that angle he's got
that angle he knows what he's doing
squad for life man squad for life oh my
god I'm losing my mind okay yo yo yo
welcome to another vlog I don't know why
I just feel happy so hopefully if you're
watching this feel happy with me so I'm
gonna start today by drinking some coke
the only reason I'm doing this is
because I bought a bad ass straw
yesterday and I want to use it so let's
open this up and see what's going on so
this looks really really cool by the way
let's quickly open up this silly straw
should be awesome should be really
awesome it's all not sure how this straw
is meant to work but oh okay don't worry
I got it I got it
don't worry Moe is here dude this is
some complicated stuff how are kids
supposed to use this again here we go
here is the shitty strong okay behind
your ears kids we are ready to take
mission drink coke
oh my god
oh my god okay one more time look at
this look at the straw all my gosh this
is the coolest thing I've ever had again
you know what I'm going to be drinking
everywhere now I know oh he came out it
came out lemons are soda straw to my
sister okay let's see no reaction to
watch it Lana okay are you guys ready
for this okay
that's so cool oh that is awesome I am
so annoyed because I just brushed up all
of these leaves and wind came and blew
them backside let's just quickly try and
do this again so annoying I sure I was
brushing it for 20 minutes and then a
spiral of wind just came as you saw
there you go nice and tidy everybody
nice and tidy I'm the best cleaner in
the world anyways one awesome way to
start the day
I hear Bob was crying outside I have no
idea why oh my god don't bubbles he's
chasing a huge be that big okay you know
what
that is dumb I'm not even getting near
him cuz he's a cat he does not know what
he's doing oh there's crows up there as
well that's what he's chasing look at
bubbles right now he is on top of the
cards he climbs this tree all the time
cold buddy you could make it down yeah I
know you got this bro I know you got it
there he comes there he comes
Oh yep the retardant back the other way
I feel like he does not know his limits
because he just keeps trying to go up
anything he can but thankfully he hasn't
fallen till now so I kind of trust him
so you can probably tell by what's in my
hand I'm going to show you some new
kicks I got these are actually a gift so
huge shout out to Rush and it was so
kind of him to hook us up with some new
Jays yes his own YouTube channel check
it out links in the description he has
like a bunch of shoes that are so cool
and he actually gave us some so let's
open it up I'm so excited I'm not even
the lie I've already looked inside the
box so I'm just showing you guys so
three two one let's open up the box
something I love about Jordans is just
smell I know other shoes have their
smell but this smell is different it has
a unique smell so time to unpackage it
cut us so these are the Jordans he
hooked us up with they are really really
really stand out ok look at this
colorway white and red would definitely
make you stand out like these are the
shoes you're gonna wear two flex on
people like a check Brad did you see the
shoes alright like whoa somebody is
super super gorgeous shoes I absolutely
love them these are only my second pair
of Jordans I've only had one pair before
this and those are the black ones I got
like two months back so pretty cool
right dime but yeah absolutely love this
shoe to be honest I love getting new
shoes just the feel the quality is like
so nice on these like the leather it's
all like leather you can see the only
thing is it's white and I'm gonna
cherish this because I don't want to get
it dirty wait hello dj khaled business
is booming son business is booming oh my
god I'm so excited
here you go guys I did promise you I'll
show you the new kicks I got huge shout
out to the plug Russia
check out his channel
and anyways I'm gonna put these kicks
away and I don't know why I just don't
want to wear that I've messed them up so
they might be in the books for a while
and then then I'll start wearing them
kids
I do wear my kicks guys I do wear them I
just I just don't wear them straight
away be my mom we're heading out right
now the weather is so nice grumpy I
don't think you want to fight with me
right now
I left Wow
that is incredible
anyways because the weather is so
perfect
me and my mummy are heading off to go to
the beach mommy
this is one of my favorite songs god I
gotta pay some lower not work every day
I got a feed to make sure everybody is I
got hey okay
we finally made it over by the beach and
look where I parked my car somewhere in
the sand so I hope it's not a key
doesn't look deep enough for my car to
get stuck anyways let's unlock this bad
boy weather oh my god it's really really
nice and cold
at the moment I'm using my camera that
has Owen muffler and this camera that
you see is the exact same one it's just
without Owen muffler and I thought it'd
be the perfect time to do an audio test
to see how it sounds like with and
without Owen muffler so the thing you've
been listening to you for the past 20 30
seconds has been with the sound muffler
and I'm gonna quickly swap over to the
one without and let's see how much of a
difference it actually makes okay this
is the one without the sound muffler
it should sound much worse if it doesn't
that I don't know why I got that sound
muffler but I'm gonna switch back now I
could kick the rest of the vlog with
that camera anyways guys it is
absolutely freezing right now I did not
expect it to be this cold it's your easy
Bobby's show my jacket go under my
jacket still good
okay we're gonna leave now that was one
of the greatest visits I've had at the
beach I was supposed to stay here relax
but it is quite too cold oh my god I
can't see anything anyways make your way
to the car right now it gets so dark so
quickly I have to use a flashlight yo
since you're in Jumeirah we had to stop
by and get some shawarma there's like
sandwiches that you cut the meat on the
railing
that's where you went let's see how it
is we're taking away some piranhas oh
because she loves shawarma okay that's
cool
something that ceases to amaze me as you
can see by what I'm showing you is the
Jumeirah road gets more beautiful at
night than it is in the morning so guys
my mommy's gonna vote for you guys today
so tell them how it's going mommy we
went to shower methylase before shopping
with mom
so we're home and these are the
shawarmas guys they're actually really
really big how big are these okay you
got five because we have a hell of an
appetite
it looks cool every single time so a
couple of the yo-yo squad appeared and
here they are there's loads of them it's
besides birthday happy birthday on the
video game I saw vine yeah you guys get
it in the box
anything I can say to you squad yellow
yellow yellow okay so they've got a
drone which I've wanted to see out work
so I hope you're a good flyer okay never
knew you made a noise okay you don't
have to do anything crazy just go up and
down
okay I just don't drop that thing okay
it's coming down safely
can you attach a camera to that that is
really really cool
I was gonna kill us yeah um I don't want
a haircut today
okay good job oh there's another one as
well another one you wanna write what's
it called
that drone this one yeah wanting to know
does it is a camera on it there's no
camera the camera would go here oh you
took it off for hmm oh okay come to
another government so I think this is
the first ever drone fight we've gone
okay I think the Phantom one alright bye
guys good night thank you you too that
was really really awesome cool bunch of
guys that came by with some drones that
was actually the most amount of you guys
of everything which is really really
awesome for a second I was like do all
of you know about my channel and they're
like yeah just here with bubbles you
know the star of the show as well a lot
of people say okay Bob will show us your
crazy dance moves I now watch me whip
watch me nae nae now watch me whip whip
watch me nae nae oh oh I could you want
to mention something to you guys because
a lot of people have been asking me
about it and it's kind of a gang and
dying for me okay here is if you guys
see a comment like that from somebody
could mold blogs and it's in regards to
a giveaway where you need to submit some
information do not do it okay that is a
fake more vlogs guys I made a video
about a couple weeks ago and to be
honest all I can do is block them from
commenting but new accounts are made
every single day I know it's annoying
there's nothing the youtubers like us
can do about it I try my best to remove
as much as it that I see out but there's
only so much I can do so do not enter
any information do not enter any
giveaways if I do do a giveaway the
title off the vlog will be about
giveaway it won't be in my
comments-section so hopefully that helps
and yet if there's anybody in the
comment section just please write like
reply this is big
don't enter and yeah besides from that
negativity let's do something really
really cool I bought these yesterday and
I think they should be fun to play with
so let's open them up I bought so many
baby toys but let's see how this one
works okay one second I would get turned
off I ripped its hand off
what how did I rip its hand up I thought
you had to hold its hand I'm sorry
alright let's try this again that's
awesome
anyways guys I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog here with Kitty bubbles and Lily
the new members you know how it goes but
before I go as always don't forget guys
be positive be happy keep doing what you
love and go forward in life don't let
negative people bring you down I'm going
to remind you that in most my vlogs
because I want every single one if
you're watching to go out and be
successful and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another vlog
y'all know Yolo good boy
