good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog so I'm kind of busy with
some editing at home right now so my mom
and sister are actually gonna go pick up
some mail from yesterday to today we've
got apparently four packages I have no
clue they're gonna go check it out
anyways because my mum also needs to
pick up some mail so I'm gonna hand over
the vlog to them and I'll meet up with
them once they get home again so here
you go your squat is with you for now oh
god you're coming with me okay let's go
mommy actually mum oh my god he needs to
move look you know that's dangerous you
need to go first look what he's doing
he's trying to kill himself
what he's not running away anymore I got
me what are you doing I can't when I
switch on the car he'll go all right
let's go mommy anyways guys best of luck
with them I hope they do a good job
blogging if they don't do you know who
to blame
guys time to okay Wow all right yeah we
got sorting packages all right so we
made it on time and we managed to pick
up finding two
high pitches and I think there's two
letters with something
I'm really excited and really
okay we'll just drop these in here I
think there's another couple here
I hope I've got my post of escape
alright so guys that's a wrap
we made it and time to go home let's get
going
have you already blogged what you got
well okay let's see what we got
I'm not even sure it's a bit it's mixed
it prints off our mail but these doodles
oh yeah he's pretty heavy by the way
that seems like a book this is where you
soft
I feel oh wow my guesses are all wrong
there's the package and the lair it
feels heavy coins I don't know this is
another like I'm taking these in sorry
you bring the rest in just fell on the
floor and there's definitely coins in it
okay I'm gonna take this inside
okay so kitty is in the street right now
with bubbles it's just really dangerous
because I'm worried that they're gonna
get run over by car so they shouldn't be
out here
where are they mommy I'm trying to
figure out where they are um one second
just hold on my total is ever seen um
cats have gone missing that's bad bad
news you see it's not just the cars
we're worried about there's even some
people like they even have dogs in their
gardens and I'm worried that you know
they might be like you know sometimes
dogs they don't get along with cats so
it could be a problem this is one of the
issues and where are they are they here
okay one second guys I'm just gonna try
and look for him because I can't hold a
camera and do this so we found bubbles
he's going back inside the guard and he
jumped over the wall but the problem
comes that sorry the problem is that
the problem is that the walls are pretty
high for Kitty to jump over she's not
got the ability to jump really high and
she's only able to make it on parts of
the wall which are like half the length
of what we have here I'm where you
hurried where's Kitty now oh my god you
see this is bubbles up here bubbles you
went over and you make Kitty go up here
now I don't know how she managed to go
through these boxes but somehow she did
out there this is the gap that she
managed that's bad so I don't know where
Kitty is now the only way she'll jump
back up is when someone walked through
their garden and she gets scared but in
the meantime I can't really do much I'm
sure she can make the jump from the side
of this wall because I saw there's like
a little garden section which is like
half of his length so she's able to do a
little jump from there
oh you missed it so since today my
sister went and picked up loads more
mail I think I should just open them
before they start stacking up in this
house now before I start opening them I
want to say if you've sent a letter in
don't worry we're going to read them but
I don't think I'm going to include all
the letters on the blog because I think
it's going to prolong the blog out and
you guys don't want to see it but don't
worry cuz we will still read them so
let's get straight into it and see what
we got okay first there is this green
one it looks really cool and it's been
declared into the customs so let's see
what it is custom declaration okay so I
think there's loads of money in there
okay this is what was in there so I
think it's Indian money cuz it looks
like those Indian stamps on there here
we go
evidence right here so we have let's go
ahead and open this smells I want it to
be
is there not a lot of the coins that I'm
gonna hand them over I'll keep them and
we can open up the nose this is from
India check this out oh my god we're
really really cool nope from India so
huge thank you to Rosanna he was the one
who said this Indian currency and I'm
definitely adding that to the collection
cuz that's my first ten rupee let's move
on okay next up we have something that
seems like more coins can you hear that
okay let's open it up let me see what's
up
nothing keys coins okay
this is one of the weirdest coins I've
seen that looks so cool look at that
coin guys what the hell is going on with
that but it's so interesting what is
this guy's one of the coolest coins I've
ever seen where this this is from where
nor ji nor Jean I don't know there's
more there's more so we also got these
three coins from the same person which
look absolutely very very rare
I can guarantee they look very old it's
even got like the dust and everything on
it that is very very easy to let you see
what it is this is a limited edition
British 50 pence that is a bomb Wow Wow
so shout out to Ravi and Cheyenne for
sending those coins by let's show you
this 50 P one more time because this is
very different look at that I have never
seen a 50 P that looks like that very
cool and very awesome man
thanks a lot so this is one of the last
lectures I think so let's go straight
into this and see what's up looks like a
portfolio
I'm so sad I'm so sad are you I'm behind
a wall in on you Molly not here one what
how much is that worth I don't know wait
which party is this bullski check that
checkered currency can very mummy let's
see so huge are two bought from Poland I
just converted that and that's like a
hundred and fifty dollars or like 170
that's insane oh my god I'm definitely
adding that to the collection Thank You
Man
I really appreciate it you I'm going sir
I'm so sad I'm so sad on you don't worry
guys she's not going to spend the money
it's all going to the collection give me
about money now anyways that's it with
the small packets now we're moving on to
the bigger ones this seems very soft
let's just say that and I have no idea
what's in here oh oh we got shirts up in
this place what is this
okay I think we didn't talk back this is
a medium what's yours
this is a medium - yo again check out
these shirts keep it 100 Audrey what's
up what's up what the but there was no
letter in there I just read there wasn't
all there wasn't there
and I was gonna say is it meant for me
nice actually throw got things for you I
just read the letter and these shirts
are from a company called QE QE so thank
you so much
QQ for sending these by and don't worry
we're gonna keep it 100 out here let me
try this on actually okay okay let's see
if this actually fits me
what are you doing you should try over
84 I can just open the buttons go for it
but I keep it 100 out here we didn't
need to open it I can't breathe I keep
it I love you oh my god okay thank you
for the shirts I think I'm a large by
the way oh my god just for future
reference I'm the large and medium does
not fit me anymore but thank you so much
I could make it where it I can't know I
always let's continue to smell time what
it mean you know what I can you try on
yeah oh I'm balling embody are you it
makes you much nicer than me yeah it's
me
so then yeah I think it's the muscles on
me okay there you go
we got the keeper 100 shirts on okay I'm
struggling to breathe so I might have to
take mine off thanks again
when did I gain this much weight guys I
used to be a medium II know I think I've
just gained away I've definitely gained
weight so the last thing I think we got
in the mail was this thing which seems
like I said it was a book but now I see
Matthew heavy to be a book so let's know
I have an
see what is I don't have anything to
open it with okay my hand will do what
oh it is they were it is a book thank
you so so much for the kind gift
I'll definitely read it and yeah that
concludes our mail for today
I'll wait so the last thing I want to
throw in today's mail time is some money
which I got at the door yesterday so it
wasn't really through the pure box but
left came and gave me all of this money
to add to the collection which is pretty
cool so that's really awesome this is a
I have no idea what note that is so let
me know in the comment section also you
came by and gave me some coins and
lasting loss left gave me $500 and
you're probably like what okay guys I'm
just kidding it's fake money but that is
really really cool for like a prank
video look at that that's awesome
anyways hope you guys enjoyed today's
very short mail time and I'll see you
with the rest of the blog let's go
pace we keep it 100 out here don't
forget don't forget keep it 100 oh honey
how about hundred my mother let's not
even discuss it man
how did 100 hurt my day let's continue
today's vlog happy birthday to you happy
birthday to Lana and this is my cake
shut up by the way have we showed this
yesterday but let's show you guys it
again whoa
huge shower ah man money kicks
we're gonna start eating it today I feel
bad for cutting it okay you can do the
honor of cutting it better today I don't
destroy the picture oh that's the same
feeling I have but we have to eat it I'm
just taking the sides yeah start from
the sides leave the picture okay we'll
leave a picture for lost because today's
mail time was so money heavy I want to
say something because I always had a
plan on doing this now
ohdon't loads of them are like little
notes $1 $2 I feel like the people who
give like so much like bar that's like a
lot of money 550 polish was it I can't
remember the exact name we're a convert
like a hundred and eighty dollars and I
think I should just like start with like
era even though it's money for the
collection is how I can name of like the
most value that someone's given me like
a top donation thing even though it's
towards the money collection if you know
I mean that way like the people who give
so much will have something to be
remembered by as well how how did you
just took a hot chunk out of the cake I
was supposed to have the first bite as
it tastes why is it chocolate is a
chocolate okay be right back guys it
looks like waiting-maid it's like no
chocolate cream wars since is so cool
Wow go to the side you can see it look
at the side the way done they did the
chocolate cream inside it yeah that's
delicious
I know me my mom are gonna head off out
now but I am way too hungry to go out
without having some Pringles I thought
I'd mention this to you guys because I'm
actually driven my car a lot and I mean
a lot let me turn it on
thank you there you go car is on and if
you look right there it has 1,100
kilometers in it which i think is quite
a bit for a car which I've already had
for a couple of weeks so we just got to
Kurama and okay let me get out the car
quickly post office closes in 10 minutes
and we're across the street from it so
I'm not sure how this is going to work
out let me get out quickly so the post
office technically closes in five
minutes for short we can bake
okay I'm not sure every guys you make
this guy's is close to like three
minutes oh my god sigh gosh like oh yeah
hey give me the fun hey yeah I need to
quit Mir I'm to try and make this all
boys I don't think I'll meet you I've
got like two minutes this way please be
open please be open we made it just in
the nick of time
oh my god you do not realize how lucky
were the door was closing and they don't
let anyone in after it closes and I just
squeezed in and I was like please that's
my mom she's with me and they just
luckily that I sinned Oh all for a
package from you guys I can't even carve
Rees right Bell was so clutch from us I
swear mommy
imagine the box is empty and they just
have like nothing in it I'll be so mad
like I ran so fast oh boy guys the
things I did for this package let's go
ahead and put it in the boot and then we
can open it up later I think there's a
mug in there so I'm trying to be extra
careful with it since we've got all the
way to this side of the bike it's really
kind of far from like Kurama stuff
we decided why don't is chill here for a
bit since we have part for like an hour
so we've come to this shop good day
today I said this would be the best
place to do the budget challenge no lie
this place is like a maze I have no idea
I'm going so check out what I found you
I found a Rubik's Cube I'm definitely
buying this I have never ever been able
to complete one of these but even worse
look what I found a hole I love
Valentine's teddy bears I'm actually
going on a mini shopping spree here look
they've got all sorts of toys and
they're so cheap I sure like you know
beyblades and all them childhood things
you used to play I am so happy I came
here guys I'm buying everything you can
think of I found these silly straws I'm
even getting some like spray I don't
even know why I need this stuff it's
just so cool look at what I filled this
up with toys more toys junk
I got slippers I got a Rubik's Cube
I got sellotape and you know what's
gonna be even bear the whole of this is
probably gonna cost like 10 pounds not
even more than that pretty less direct
Americans if it's more than that
I lose no lie I am so excited I came out
with a whole bag of goodies for less
than 10 pounds I'm happy with that let's
go home in this area I swear they have
the coolest things ever again check this
out
look at all of these safes they have I
mean what the absolute hell hook this
safe could fit a whole human being in it
look at it so my mom spotted something
really really cool now she said there's
a port next to the pay mirror and I was
like okay let's see what it's for look
what's written here guys it says wait
for it look it says please don't touch
my plot okay it's mine what it says
don't touch it it's mine whose is this
whose plot is that somebody's legit just
left the blonde and said don't touch
it's mine okay I'm not touching it that
has legit
we first smile on my face like that's so
random someone's left the plant there
and said don't touch it
so look why destroy it I just bought a
floor machine and last time this machine
not this exact one my floor machine
ripped me off so bad and I'm dedicated
to win this time I'm gonna win this time
guys trust me
I don't feel like you can lift the
people I'm gonna go for anyways
I don't think any of them can be lifted
I'm gonna go for the green guy
what No
I don't think you're in this machine
pink Mikey you can't be funky okay I'm
gonna go for the pinky toe side I'm
gonna try
not something I can't believe I actually
one guy so anybody's in Kurama I'm
leaving him right here so go and take
him he's right there on the machine my
mom was the one who told me to go for
the pink one I can't believe I wonder I
was I want because it was like jammed in
there but the core went exactly okay I'm
happy trying to go home I just wanted to
win it that's what I wanted to do okay
this car almost ran me over what mommy
happy Valentine's Day will you be my
Valentine it's currently 22 past
- as you can see and my mission now is
to try and get bubbles and Kitty in
their room which is going to be very
very difficult so I'm going to start off
with bubbles you're sleeping over there
wish me luck okay all right I'm gonna go
put bubbles in his room right now look
what I have to put up with it yes yes Oh
God
basically the hardest part about putting
them too in is getting both of them in
at the same time somehow kitty was
already in their room so when I put
bubbles in I could just close the door
anyway it's great way to end today's
look I can go and sleep now and I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another vlog Yolo
Yolo goodbye
