good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog so this morning was
actually raining what I were in Dubai by
the way you guys will know that so yeah
that was pretty cool I'm actually
heading off to the supermarkets right
now my skateboard and I want to try
something different I've actually never
done this before I want to have my GoPro
my selfie stick and skate around and see
if I can get any cool shots for now I'll
see you guys once I get back and we can
start cooling some car companies because
you know what the deal is from
yesterday's vlog
lion roaring in the Morning Sun such a
formal long good day people feeling like
the light has just come we must never
stop the way
and grasp it
let us happy first son
see that
in the mornings the view here is
absolutely incredible it looks beautiful
we have hit a forest pretty much I'm not
sure if this is just me but you
sometimes just look at the environment
and you're like wow this is so gorgeous
I look at that nice pattern from the
palm tree over there onto the sand onto
the sand I mean grass my bad completely
I lost my words today today I just got
back from the salon I had a consultation
I'm gonna be changing my hair color
tomorrow and I've done like a little
where is that patched like a test so I
don't know if you can see but there's a
really dark strand in here so my hair
color is going to change like a lot so
there's going to be huge dramatic change
tomorrow from blonde to like a brown
color I hope you'll come out exactly
like this because this looks gorgeous
and I like it
so you'll see the new Lana again it'll
be like a new line of video yeah coming
out so I hope you guys like this change
so I've done blonde for one year now so
I thought it's time for a change and
yeah I'm looking forward to tomorrow
what do you think mom there's going to
be a new law again a lot of three points
yet to be honest last time a lot of the
color washed out so this time I'm hoping
it can go like brown denied all sounded
kind of emo like a darker blonde so
let's see I'm not rapping yeah last time
we use like one shade lighter but this
time going darker so hopefully even if
it does wash out it's gonna wash out a
little bit like not as much as last time
anyways I'm trying my best to see how
this goes and I'm looking forward to it
so guys will see the new Lana soon so I
did promise you once I got back home I'd
cool for the car I've actually waited
it's three o'clock right now and I
haven't got any calls myself so I'm
going to call them and see what's up
hello no no you go tell him that you got
if you guys thought I was he on the
phone
no way anyways I just got off the phone
with the people I was talking to and
they're actually gonna call me back
because I'm gonna tell you why this is
actually taking so much longer than it
should have now the person I'm dealing
with and I can let me fix my hair
completely before you guys get annoyed
at me like brushing constantly but the
reason this is taking so long is because
the person I'm dealing with is actually
not in the department that goes through
things like this so they're kind of like
middle Manning it from me in between
which is very nice of them but that's
why it's taking a bit longer hopefully
they can call me back and give me an
answer yes or no that's what we're
looking for after a couple of hours I
finally got the phone call and I've got
my answer for you so the deal I wanted
actually didn't go through so instead of
that I am actually still getting a car
and I think after tomorrow I'm pretty
much gonna guarantee you after tomorrow
I'm gonna go pick out the car I want set
down a deposit for it and customize it
out so in two days time you're going to
see the car I want to get the other
thing I was working on as I said I got
the cool it didn't work out for a few
reasons and one of them being like
whenever you do want to get deals
there's a lot of things that did what
from you in black they're not just going
to give it to because okay yo you're
gonna make a video they might want to
like specifically yo you have to say
this and that anyways I'm gonna go out
now I want to set up online bank account
now not online banking I want to have
another bank account for online shopping
I think I told you this yesterday I'm
just weird when it comes to that type of
stuff so let's go out and try and do
that I just arrived at the mall to come
open my bank account and you
won't believe the cars on the scene
right now the colors are amazing okay
let's go through some cars we're gonna
start out simple with the red
rolls-royce okay this is just the first
one don't worry we're getting onto the
better ones
then we're followed by a white I believe
this is a phantom okay correct me if I'm
wrong being completely honest I have no
idea what this car is so the badge on it
says Fisker okay if you know this and if
it's like a really rare car let me know
but it says this is karai
I think that's what it said Fisker and
on the back it says Karma
moving on we have a blue Aventador and I
just bought something in my eye which is
ridiculous so I'm gonna quickly pass the
Aventador and show you I just boy here
is guys that is a gold Maybach that
you're staring at chrome gold Wow
here's the back of the chrome gold
Maybach I mean wow I never thought I'd
see a golden Maybach only in Dubai
seriously that is one of the most unique
cars I've ever seen I can't even lie we
also have like a wraith over there and
some other things but damn I did not
expect to see that anyways I'm gonna try
and go get a haircut now let's see if
they have any time for me by the way I
normally go somewhere else to cut my
hair but this base is like a really
luxury place let's see if they have time
for me they don't even have time for me
and that's closed in like 45 minutes so
it's kind of pushing it inside this
luxury haircut place I don't even know
what the name is Wow
oh my god look at these what I love
Ronaldo this is a signed t-shirt from
Ronaldo and they've gotten is that
Muhammad Ali Wow they've got a Muhammad
Ali sign shorts and a Cristiano Ronaldo
sign shirt mom that's the important one
no no this one oh they sell it they
actually sell these they sell Muhammad
Ali signed shorts for a hundred and
thirty four thousand dirhams Wow and
then they sell the Ronaldo signed
t-shirt for two hundred and twenty four
thousand dirhams that is insane I never
knew that Ronaldo signature costed that
much like I know it's not just a
signature it's a whole frame and shirt
but
224,000 I'm gonna cool my boy Ranaut up
tomorrow and be like yo can you just
send me a couple sign shirts even
tissues anything signed will do I'll
take it alright thank you it's so sad to
say what today was like a complete waste
of time couldn't open my bank account
couldn't cut my hair couldn't do
anything
anyways let's take a taxi and go home
now
hello now don't understand this cat sure
spoil
whoa-ah mouth stinks bubbles what do I
do
your mouth stinks mommy let's have some
real talk now that I'm home and I'm
really really excited to talk to you
guys about this so as you know I've been
talking about this for a very very long
time starting up my own clothing line
and to be honest after doing a lot of
research it just it got me to a point
where I just kind of gave up and left it
but I was looking at a couple companies
within the past week and now one of them
has actually got back to me and this
company is actually a pretty big company
working with like some of the biggest
youtubers and I've actually set up a
conference call with the I can't exactly
remember who it was but one of their
like representatives and one of their
people like the management so we're
going to have a cold on Monday okay so
it's way out of this video is out and at
the moment I'm just going to jot down
loads of questions I have so obviously
when you're going to do something like
this you're going to have a lot of
questions in regards to all of the
business aside to things and just
generally how it's going to work so I
need to make like a pretty nice
structured list of everything I want to
know but regardless of all of that I'm
just super excited because I always love
trying new things and clothing was
something I always had in mind like
YouTube and clothing what are two things
I had set in mind to do this year my gap
here and the YouTube part is going great
you guys love the videos I love all of
you for that you've just been you've
been killing it like just if you're if
you're there just give yourself a pat on
the back like you guys have really been
killing it every like and everything and
if this goes through now I have no idea
I have no idea I'm just in the same
position as you they just approached me
saying like yo I think we can do
something here and alright alright less
something up but if this goes to like it
could actually change so much like in
one year I could have done my two
favorite things and it's just it's just
mind-blowing it's all because of your
support so I want to thank you guys in
advance by super super exciting ervis
because this is the first conference
cool I'm ever having like it's kind of
breaking out my comfort zone and you
need to do stuff like this - like
proceed or just progress I mean okay you
can really tell by the way I'm speaking
I have no idea what I'm saying anymore
but yeah I just wanted to share that
with you guys because if that does
happen I can look back at this vlog I
can look back and be like yo more like
this this vlog was where all change for
you like it was that day where you got
the email and that's what like kind of
changed everything so that'll be pretty
cool I had to share with you guys I'm
super stoked like imagine like a really
cool brand from me and you guys could
wear it and it would just be like you
guys that know the meaning of it or yeah
okay I was reading way too much tomorrow
I'm going to go early morning and get a
haircut and like shave my beard kind of
or fix up because I haven't had one for
ages and to be honest when I look at it
on camera it doesn't look too bad oh I
don't know why I think it looks pretty
darn good but I'm gonna have it
regardless because I haven't had a
haircut in ages and when I cut it I
always look back after I cut in on my
day well I look so much better with a
cup so even though I might think it's
okay now probably gonna look bad
tomorrow again I've been rambling on way
too much on the floor I think I've gone
a bit too comfortable on our new carpet
it is really comfortable by the way just
sitting on it like before I had to put
my like bone eos on the tile for that
does not feel comfortable if you're
wandering by the way bubbles talks it
flies like that he is is like croaky
voice
he lost it Oh what is he trying to do
also recording oh my god
what type of weird language is this it
is normal like oh he hid it away
yeah just normal guys like everything
cats talk
oh no he saw that it's there can't even
jump can you make it can you make it the
Flyers right there oh oh you should I
hit the fly down yeah here let's hit the
flight back yeah my mom you're being a
bully now Marge assisted murder yeah
anyways I'm gonna let bubbles enjoy
himself there with the fly he's gonna
spend all night it was that a good
impersonation or what like what that how
old do cats do that light is that normal
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow I'm
super pumped today let's see what
happens this week I'm gonna put deposit
now for my car this week and maybe one
of my biggest goals can be completed as
also see about that anyways for now see
you guys tomorrow let's see how
everything prevails tomorrow lawn is
going to turn from blonde to brunette or
like black hair I don't even know you're
gonna see I'll let her start the vlog so
you kind of see the hair change and they
see then y'all a Yolo squad for life bye
