good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog I'm going to point out
something before any of you do that is
not someone shooting at me okay I've got
that in the past it's not a red laser
dot it's not anyone aiming at me of the
sniper yes I know I've got a small
little red pimple here okay
jokes aside anyways this morning our
carpet got here I swear
our cats have been like tearing it to
shreds I'm going to show you what
they've done already
okay like this is how the carpet is
supposed to look like nice and smooth
this is how it looks like do you see all
of these scratches yeah they're messing
up pretty bad but our living room
actually kind of looks full now looks
better than it did I think anyways I'm
gonna get to cooling the car places
again today so let's see what happens
what's up kitty yeah pee wow you're
definitely happy I'm going to cool the
company regards to a car today and
hopefully okay how do I put this on
speakerphone I'm not even sure okay no I
got it something wrong mom what's up
bubbles I'm trying to get a car man
it's ringing hey it's me ma do you
remember a homage I just got off the
phone as you saw there I actually got an
answer as soon as I plug B I got an
answer so basically what went on is they
said that tomorrow they'll give me like
an answer if I'm going to move forward
to them or if it's like a no we can't do
anything and basically from then on it's
either going to be moving forward or
cutting that off and moving forward my
own way if you know I mean so it's
either like I'll go with them or I'll
just go in the car what so see from
there and yeah I kind of feel revealed
revealed released I mean this is a major
problem we're having with bubbles
recently and I hope he never like learns
to go higher but look at him why'd you
go up there if you can't come down
yes slowly does it there you go oh well
at least you landed on your feet can you
guys guess what bubbles is looking at
right now you want to see two lizards on
the wall oh my god I hate lizards so bad
I'm not sure if you can tell by that
window but it's pretty dark outside and
I haven't done much blogging today so
I'm gonna be really really honest so you
did see a cool I'm eight today that was
just in regards to my phone
besides from that today I've actually
been going back and forth with loads of
businesses in my business email and
actually making a couple calls as well
trying to get some stuff sorted now the
reason I'm telling you this is it could
lead to some exciting stuff but I don't
really want to talk about it too much
just because in case it doesn't happen I
don't want to have to go through the
hassle of saying oh it didn't happen
because of this or it didn't happen
because of that so that's all I'm going
to tell you I want to tell you the
reason the blog is kind of late today or
it's starting late anyways is because of
that I've literally been emailing back
and forth and even also like a cool for
half an hour talking in regards to this
thing that might happen that's all I'm
gonna say for now but yeah I wanted to
let you know why it's so dark by the way
we're just about to head off out now I
want to show you a really cool phone and
now normally I don't think I've ever
shown any photos of my sister when she
was younger so I'm going to show you one
right now we're gonna compare that to
how she looks like now okay I'll be
right back I went upstairs and I got my
sister's childhood photos and this is
her now and yeah I'm going to give you a
side-by-side comparison all right you
ready for this this is Lana right now
and drum low please drew
boom oh my god what happened to that
Lana Wow
innocent Lana is gone and then the wild
Lana has appeared a transformation has
happened but yeah there you go guys I've
never actually showed any of much like
sister Charlotte photos there's one
there's a second and there's like one
year old Lana for you guys there you can
it's blurry there you go you can like
printscreen that and Instagram it and
Tager if you want be like what's up this
is Lana before and after because we
still don't have a car we all have to
take a taxi out now my sister actually
has an idea she was like yeah let's take
the swegway a little bored yeah I think
we need like Oh imagine like a you know
how they have like Santa with the
reindeers imagine having like eight
people and swegway is pulling you oh my
god viral video idea don't take that
from me I'll do that next year please
that is actually salsa your if anyone's
ever done that before
oh that would be so amazing
ah see you re Todd I think it's cuz you
be in so much more fish I found out my
favorite place to eat sushi at the
moment is Japan go and they have a
branch closer to us I just found out
about and I'm so excited to try it it's
amazing it's California roll with some
mango on top of it you will see actually
some girl my college session told me to
have California thing she said it's not
raw is that true I think they could they
serve cold something like that I'm not
sure maybe you guys know better to me
but it's amazing no I'm good I'm good
don't don't don't worry you can have
your sushi I'm not stealing any of it
yeah my mom's gonna be she ate sushi
dude it's us against them you know I
love that too much essential try sushi
okay take care of mom I'd have sushi
with her oh you have to not take one
it's called a torture test yummy like
believe me these are so yummy
try it lost her she okay
yeah let's go guys I don't know where's
the taxi oh I don't know you're the car
it's your fault for drying out the
process and get in the car soon thorn
we've been through this the whole
morning don't worry guys we know you've
been for it
okay taxis here ready to go look at that
that is too
like Christmas tree decorated standing
on these I little bow-wow lies also look
is just looking I like the hell is that
look at that legs as well it's like
these skinny like sticks obviously it's
not the actual legs my mom is actually
going to eat with me
my sister's just going to order a sushi
because apparently sushi you could eat
really quickly and then she's going to
join us after looking at the sushi menu
I kind of know why you like it you know
I the face of the menu looks like you I
swear it actually looks like you so
there you go if you look like that
you're going to love this place
good job anyways I'll see you later I
pass for now we'll be back there's a
little ice does it look nice okay we'll
stay we'll stay
we're gonna stay just the look our sushi
and then leave to go
trust me sushi can look anyhow at once I
won't try and there you go that is what
we've been waiting ten minutes or just
to look at congratulations
so basically see this this is like no
you know like that I'm going out you can
go you go quick
pagan ways this I'll tell you and cool
no no no what is this
it's
California Maki sushi roll what you said
five names like boo California rolls
nigga this is a California roll all
right we'll see you later
peace out okay well let alone I enjoy
her sushi now we're gonna have some
proper food
I just want overto for myself up another
bank account now I really like having a
separate bank account when it comes to
doing online shopping because I like not
having much in the account when I do
that and I just you know that feeling
where you think like oh do online
shopping they have access to my account
but I completely forgot to bring it
everything I needed the only thing I
brought with my passport and that's not
enough you need more than that so I kind
of failed it the only thing I came out
to do today which is open another bank
account so I guess what we're going to
do is do some food shopping and then
we're off on Lana waiting what are you
do
kiss the fish pucker up over here you
have two professional fish shoppers
looking for the best fish look look at
the amazing tactics they have they need
the ear open fresh ear since when has
Angry Birds introduced their own crisps
like what does this taste like you know
I don't understand when we don't have a
car we've got like a whole year's worth
of food to buy but as soon as ah but we
have the car we never did this much
shopping as soon as the car goes look at
that we got like five years worth of
tissue roll here we got like four years
with a kitchen tissue roll I know like
another couple years onions
oh don't worry just don't worry yeah the
taxi this is seriously ridiculous
because I have to carry all of this to
the taxis and everything oh my god
don't worry guys yeah just just test it
in the middle of the store
don't just put your finger in is all
right there don't mind just don't worry
just dab your finger in there so they
won't mind yeah and you can carry it to
the taxi
I want to say I love so much like I love
one person I'm not even sure if they
know what it is it's just like Arabic
scent it's like you get some perfect I'm
Moochi and I did it boss
oh dear start this lime yeah I love that
so I'm trying they've actually started
one here so I'm tempted to get it I
honestly don't know how but my mother's
sister are back in a makeup store I'm
just chilling yeah I'm really like you
know I'm relaxed and I'm crossing my
legs honestly I think like makeup is the
best industry to like have a business
centers if you think about how much
money women spend on it it's ridiculous
like it's millions per year
obviously Brosius Wow I don't know I
don't know how they spend so much a mate
I was yeah yeah I can't even say
anything
we just filled out another raffle ticket
because we did some shopping and I was
playing around the guy was like yo
what's the biggest receipt someone's
giving you because every 650 Durham's
they enter you for the raffle once and
he was like some guy entered 68,000
because he bought one watch I was like
bro you just like killed my whole hopes
of winning the Lamborghinis don't worry
guys if I win I'm going to announce it
every single day like I've never won
anything like the only thing we've ever
won was once my sister won a gameboy
from Nickelodeon
she actually won and it's funny to shoot
yeah yeah basically they had like five
or six gifts and I thought I want to
always present a huge computer a couple
of games and a vacation and everything
no she won the game boy that's what you
want but - as I was even good in itself
Jennifer and the other city famous ale
is wrong again
I really want an ice cream so I'm going
to ditch my sister in the store Lana
does not know it
right now me mama are having delicious
ice creams and she's looking around in
stores like who does that who does that
I don't know not me
by the way this is mango and I love it
look who showed up
Oh Joe mango you want to have one okay
go Valen why do I have to take you to
buy ice cream like she's like a little
14 year old no I don't want to do it oh
yeah I'll say relaxing lat
fun my little sister I need to take to
the ice cream shop and it's not even
like a one-year age at this is over five
years there you go my little sister go
ice cream strawberry ice cream I just
opened my dartboard to play a game of
darts and look whos sound do you want us
to hit you bubbles with the darts
please move he's not moving he's
completely resisting ok it's time to
play a game of darts versus my sister
are you team la da or team mo vote down
below even though she's half-asleep
let's go let's go come on people let's
play you ready yes I am moment I don't
care there's no time for games
Wow because you won't let me go sleep
and I slept all myself in another notch
you look retarded okay we're gonna play
a simple game okay four darts highest
score wins first try okay no practice
rounds okay no practice okay go for it I
want to see no don't worry you just look
like a typical yeah you look like you're
off the streets yeah are you gonna start
okay three two one wait vote down below
team Lenore Teemo to win oh okay she
have 4000 what the hell is that
I'm so sorry I did
ah there we go that's good that's good
as an extra oh great now it's amazing
and time to add up the score so like I
know we can do around oh you got a
triple 15 that's forty five forty five
plus four forty nine fifty-nine sixty
three you hit sixty three okay there you
go and that last one was a nothing hey I
saw this this and this door picked up
guys it's 1:00 a.m. I'm tired when it
comes to competition there's no time are
you ready for this I'm cold
I'm all to be victorious I don't have
shoes I'll have to steal my mom hey guys
I'm trying to focus here which other
folk is ready way I'm not recording on
another moment here wait how am i
recording you are debord I don't know
you can require getting ready just wait
I'll record your corner so they see the
posture of houses there you go you do a
flick and you reloaded the same arm is
you need to have to say so gonna fail oh
I just said you're gonna fail you're
near the what is that the center oh no
oh no freezing hurry I don't know why I
feel so cold you feel so cold
something you being lucky go
you know this is the worst dart game
I've ever seen and I lost to someone
that like got nothing yeah I bet you I
beat I did hit bull's eye worst so yeah
doesn't count doesn't she look at kitty
she's looking at you like daddy's retard
man this kids mad do you think of this
kitty so somehow my sister beat me and
she's basically dead asleep like she
wanted to sleep and I forced her to play
and yeah anyways you can say goodbye
tonight vote from now say bye bye bye
every piece I'll see you tomorrow
I do the lanky leg do the leg you lay
your squad out boom okay go go peace we
accept your goodbye go thank you we got
it for now she got some more with
another vlog let's see what happens in
regards to my car tomorrow and yeah see
you then Yolo Yolo
I'm out boy
