can we get 300,000 boy good morning
everyone and welcome to another vlog I
can say good morning for once because
it's like 8 a.m. or 9 a.m. I'm sorry I'm
gonna head off to a business meeting I
have right now and then I'll do more
talking off that I'm just super tired at
the moment I want to see what's up over
there so let's get headed all right so
we just finished up with our little
business meeting guys and we're actually
out our supermarket so let's go buy some
stuff and I can talk to you on the way
while we're buying our food or groceries
so let's go
oh boy I'm super super tired anyways
basically today's meeting was about some
events coming up and they were trying to
see if I was interested in coming now I
do need to do more emails with the
company okay look at this by the way
there's an identical Lamborghini to my
sister's is that I saw I thought that
was hers for a second it's just got a
different plate number so yeah as I was
saying today's meeting was just about
upcoming events and seeing if there were
going to be good enough for you guys
because I try and go to the best events
I can and make entertaining content
obviously and sometimes it involves me
going to meetings and seeing what the
events are all about anyways mums doing
a little shopping
Oh my body is aching so bad I slept at
like 3:00 and woke up for like seven but
I guess a lot of people do that like
just four hours sleep nothing too short
what's up bubbles that is go home from a
meeting how's it going how is it going
oh my god I'm so tired even the cats
were asleep piet√† my sisters still
sleeping upstairs it's 11 o'clock and
she still hasn't woken up check this out
when you go and look at bubbles from my
sister's balcony he is dead asleep so
down there I'm not sure how well you can
see him
poor guys basically dead bubbles I'm so
so excited right now and I'll tell you I
at the moment I want this website which
shows you your life subscriber feed and
I'm 70 subscribers away from 300,000 and
I can't thank you guys enough for the
remarkable support you've given the
channel it was only about two months ago
which we here our first 100,000 and
today I'll be hanging three hundred
thousand which is just mind-blowing how
much the channel has been spread about
so look at the website as you can see
two hundred and ninety nine thousand
nine hundred and thirty so soon this is
gonna be three hundred thousand oh my
god it's just so crazy because you're
seeing like one person subscribers then
one person
unsubscribe and it's just all live which
is a remarkable man at the moment it's
14 minutes past four and we're only 36
subscribers away from the big 300,000 oh
my god I'm so excited and it's moving so
much faster now so when I'm boss for
this and let's see how long it takes
seven away guys
we are seven away oh my god can't do
this to me guys four three oh four three
away
we are three away and nobody else inside
this house except for me - nein nein
nein nein
can we get 300,000 boy oh yeah that's it
there you go oh my god we hit 300,000
subscribers
okay it's kind of a delayed reaction huh
well what I can say is a huge huge thank
you and what I'm going to do for a
special video right now is I'm going to
show you a video which I took down off
my old gaming channel
it's so embarrassing but when I hit 500
subscribers I was excited and I should
also check it out for yourself
please don't judge me here you go oh my
god guys I can't believe we hit 500
subscribers but yeah I want to say a
huge huge thank you to every single one
of you that supports the channel as you
can see back then when I was like 14 15
years old YouTube was something I always
wanted to do and suppose I don't even
seem 40 that like a beard going on a 15
years old and yeah I just loved making
videos of fact then I wasn't as
dedicated I was younger it was just like
a hobby type of thing and now it's just
crazy to see like all of you guys
supporting it and just making it
possible for me
and yeah really just want to say thank
you to every single one of you and
300,000 people in the world and growing
is just a ton so yeah I think we all
deserve a round of applause your school
your squad love you that is the most
ridiculous like oh my god I was such a
goof back then that oh my god me and my
- ascaris I say everybody in my school
knew about this video and they used to
take the mick out me so bad like it's
been quite a while since I last played
basketball and that's what I'm gonna go
do now my mummy but bubbles is being
annoying again and we have to go check
behind our house just in case she's
fallen I know we do this along we should
probably just let him come back by
himself but we get worried I don't want
the cat to get lost and hit by a car or
something
so let's go see where this retarded cage
and I love you always say why did you
call him retarded more you know what he
is retarded that's it follows is
retarded so annoying that's his problem
mom it's through yeah yeah this is the
way to behind our house it's such a such
a spooky way mommy wait for me don't
leave me behind
this is our house and you know spun eek
is looking at me
so look at this I came on the wall but
I'm not sure if you can see key
she's just been looking at us for like
the past five minutes kitty she can't
see me I don't know why she's distracted
anyways ah let's get down and go play
some basketball because bubbles is just
being annoying
I don't think he's their mommy let's go
he's definitely in the neighbor's garden
mommy I hit 300k subscribers there and
look how I look oh my god this is filthy
by the way our neighbors own this really
really cool Maserati I think this is the
Gilby the one all of you always told me
to get looks really nice in this
colorway so a lot of you actually think
I'm bad at basketball
even though I'm very good because I okay
look at this these are called Jordans
only people that can play like Michael
Jordan wear them so let me just show you
again okay watch this again I'm so good
I can even hit the shots backwards okay
oh oh I made that I am so good I can
cover my eyes a maker shot I can't watch
this yeah oh oh retard alert retard
alert class this next one is gonna be so
skillful you guys are gonna be blown
away I'm gonna kick the ball in okay
ready for this
let me show them it went outside the
cage oh my this was such a bad idea this
was such a bad idea
alright guys that last one just don't
try that one I think that one meant a
bit wrong but yeah apart from that one
of the best players in basketball
history
throw some old blogs and yeah hope you
enjoyed there you go guys quick little
game of basketball just showing you my
skills obviously all the shots taken
were legit 100% real my mum
unfortunately couldn't shoot anything
because her hand was injured look who's
back wrist of retard
mr. retard oh yeah good job bubbles you
made it before today's look I want to
open up a package or you're on the post
other day it's just kind of sitting
there alone without any other packages
so I felt and be sad to leave the poor
guy there without opening him so without
further ado let's get the package boom
that is the package completely taking
out my sister so I have no ideas
actually pretty light guys actually save
it so let's get into it
it looks fragile course I'm just gonna
hey I'm gonna cut the date I'm going to
be super delicate with it because it
seems like it could be something fragile
towards your face go on you save guys
okay this is fragile this looks very
fragile it's compact very nicely let's
start dancing guys this weather you
let's get no idea me a picture I think
it's a pizza leaves like that
you know pizza box I feel the frames I
told you the frame picture I can there's
a frame okay
voila sure you open it all up on you
okay which way is the other now it's
upside down
Oh
Wow like around the house as if it's got
everything in here let's just take this
out oh my god and there you've got 300k
special today that is amazing that is
really cool oh my god Wow okay so while
you showcase that I'm going to go ahead
and read the lair and see what's up I
saw your channel name in the corner yeah
whoa blog you know a TV screen is
seriously amazing I can't thank you
enough
Wow thank you time to fight amazing this
is awesome thank you can I just walk
around that room but see where I can put
this I'll be right back please so I'm
just about to read the letters we go for
this so one of the letters is for mummy
bo there you go so I'm going to hand it
to her she's behind the camera the
second letter is my sister sister Lana
and then brother Mahmoud so let's get
started reading
yeah so I'm going to start by reading
mine it says your escort reporting in my
name is Mohamed sunbae and I'm 20 years
old me and my wife during the yo-yo
squad when it was a 1326 members Wow
he's the 1327 that's amazing that's
really really early think I was like
about eight nine months ago damn but
yeah we have been a huge fan of your
since you start blocks me like what's
your books regularly I will usually do
appreciate your hard work and dedication
towards each of your blogs you never let
us down thank you so so much
I really appreciate the fact that you
guys enjoy the blocks and like really
really really I'm being honest like
these kind letters and kind words I
receive on my vlogs that's what
motivates me to keep going and it's just
stuff like this it's just amazing so I
really do thank you but like from the
ball of my heart and I think this is
like one of the best gifts that we've
got it's amazing look at this it's mine
I'm gonna take nothing keep it I I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog here what a
way to end the day which I get 300k
subscribers thanks again to Muhammad and
his lovely wife for sending this bye
however though like snapchat oh this is
an amazing gift I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog today let's see how big the yo
squad can get in 2060 let's just keep
pumping out videos and building the
squad and we're team out here so I love
every single one of you now see you guys
tomorrow
yaaaay Yolo good boy okay hold up
everybody I ended the block way too
early we haven't even put this on the
wall so let's take the screws the place
is going to be right there and my
sister's holding it so in between that
painting and these two I think that's
the perfect place for a DIY Lana to the
job what's up okay I think these are
these the screws ceased argument oh you
and your snowshoe about me it's not
about me it's about the fact that it
always does that oh that's great good
job sis good job I've never seen
somebody worse than my sister at this
job okay look at look at what okay
screws must be like that look at it what
the hell is it's like this way screw
what the hell my I don't think the wall
likes me how can you blame a wall every
wall is the same
Oh swag
Oh kill him she's put down because in
case this we're trying something else
our wool is so hard the screws don't go
in and this one might break into her
face so taking precaution kids kinda oh
she's you fell someone the floor there
you go
they hit me that's all i'ma stop us
Oh what is the needle attached to it oh
no okay all I know is he hit my back and
I was standing here do you say hit you
on the back we never heard it on the
floor one place it could be see it's on
your where is it how it is it's not
visually it's kind of attached to your
shirt hey take a smell you take it out
mommy uh it does her is that you're off
Lauren no no no okay oh stop me my
sister held the screw like that and then
hammered her own finger ah the things
you do moment of truth does it fit
perfect is it good yes perfect
and there you go guys thumbs up to that
our new portrait on the wall now I think
it's time to properly end today's look
so we're going to see you guys tomorrow
buh bye everyone Yolo Yolo and stay
awesome boy
