why am I always blurry goner youtube
channel as spam blog no I want you to be
a blogger I want you to be alone
what are you doing verse there she yells
it holds purses like down no okay now
that it not as bad you know that my hand
is freezing no I'm not pretending you
got here with the first that wasn't me
pretended you actually hit good morning
what is that everyone welcome back to
another video how are you doing it
alright so today's actually a super
super fun day and kind of a sad day at
the same time basically right now I'm
actually going to me out with my friend
Doreen it's her last day here into my
soul so yeah anyways yes it's her last
day guys so let's go let's have some fun
one six hours later I so right now we
are on the hundred and twenty big I hate
you around a hundred and twenty third
floor right now I gotta check it out the
view is insane
hey I can now ugh yeah guys look at this
view so this is the highest library in
the entire world I told you that and I
told you that so pretty much I'm being
quiet because like it's like a little
lounge area and there's other people
that's Thomas by the way so that's not
other people Oh
imagine jumping down I so right now he
came downstairs I can speak a little bit
better right now honestly up there it's
so quiet it's actually awkward right now
we're actually heading to go eat I don't
know how we started out today's vlog so
late she is the reason to blame no not
yes you know why we are in the car I
know guys so here is the thing I feel
like a lot of you don't know Narine 2l
you see her on the vlogs a lot but we
never really introduced to her
so this is Nereid hello hello okay guys
I think she should tell you where did we
first meet in Mundi basically when I
went to Spain I met her there and now
she's here in Dubai I feel like you guys
need to know Narine a bit better because
I love you have been asking about her
really yeah the comment section loves
you apparent what's your favorite thing
about me when is the first time you
watched my blog in the hotel in Spain so
you didn't know about me before I'm a
one really cool thing about her she can
speak five languages or five five and I
killed in a bit Spanish say hello in six
languages Madiba we say like we usually
say might have an kodesh suit okay
that's the same that doesn't count
hey hola well you just said three or
four no might have might have a you call
use this it's like saying hi is English
and American no ok so right now you came
to eat she's having it this shawarma
thing it comes like on a stick
you like it guys basically I'm having
kebab and they actually bring it and
there's fire that's my food don't eat it
that's my food oh my god this is so cool
this fire under there wait can we open
it Oh
whoa so under the food they actually
have candles heating up that is so cool
so this is how you eat your shawarma
yeah this is the weirdest shawarma I've
ever seen guys you actually have to like
take the meat off the grill oh my god we
look so lazy
hi guys so right now we just finished
with our dinner the food was amazing
right really good it was really good all
right so here is the thing now that
we're in the car I actually had really
what's that one the car horn because
yeah okay what should we do now party
party
okay so basic you guys right now if you
guys don't know a couple days ago we met
in tandem remember yeah right now we're
actually meeting up with them again and
I think I think this time around we're
gonna be the whole crew so did that
and more baby okay we just made it here
check out the desert guys oh my god and
I know again you ordered everything
again all right so the desert just going
here every time we'll be clear okay so
we just finished having our dinner right
now guys I told you not to take one
photo of me and have one photo turn down
guys basically we just finished my side
you're such an aggressive human being
why am I always blurry it's going on
YouTube channel Hispanic blog blog look
I want you to be a vlogger I want you to
be alone
oh no I need a vlog partner that's what
I need basically she's actually here for
a couple more days right what are you
doing right we're gonna go check out the
Tigers tomorrow if you come the craziest
person there hey Shannon by the way guys
this is the amazing no yeah guys you
know can you show hurry not as holding
her purse yeah what is wrong with you
that she won't sit like a killer that's
terrified of me she yells and holds the
purse is like down no okay now that it
on its back and on my hand is freezing
you don't know Amana is the wildest
person I've ever made in my life like
pretending you got here with the purse
that wasn't me pretending you actually
hit you see I told you we met Hannah hey
so guys basically we just met Hannah and
I know again don't sorry guys like it's
bad sis I just and I know I love her man
she's so cool and she's so chill and
crazy Oh where's my gun oh no they took
it from me
everybody took my god anyways we met
Hannah guy she was so dope as well I
gotta follow where these are my
Instagram crushes right yeah guys you
know what like somebody's just like so
like famous and cool on Instagram you're
like yo I really want a photo to pretend
like they're my Instagram like
girlfriend yeah yeah yeah anyways right
now we are heading up over guys you need
to go home
really today has been I don't even know
what I've looked it I think most today's
vlog has been in the car yeah I think I
think yeah we did like here's the thing
guys I should have been meeting them
every day that they were here but every
day I'd wake up late and I'd miss them
at the events so it's your fault no it's
your fault guys trust me I haven't
actually
Wow
Mamamia
all right for now we're officially
saying goodbye to married for today so
yeah peace out
she's gonna be here for two more days
so it is currently the next day right
now I actually completely forgot to end
the video off yesterday but I actually
have a big big announcement to make so
ah okay are you ready for this are you
ready for this so you guys have been a
longtime viewer of the channel you would
know that once upon a time I had mo
vlogs merchandise okay boom this it's
been two years since I've sold any
merchandise at all okay and I know that
sounds so bad like every youtuber has so
much merchandise but it is finally back
guys if you want mold logs t-shirts you
can get them now the link is in the
description and now here is the thing
guys I don't know what I did but I
accidentally set the time to one day
so these t-shirts are now available for
one day if you want them you have to get
them really really quick I'm sorry I'm
gonna work on fixing that but but yeah I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog guys which
is technically yesterday's vlog but it
was super fun hanging out with everybody
you know and I know was there
Hanna was there I mean the girls are
just beautiful look here if you haven't
do it subscribe and don't forget link is
in the description a I love you guys
yeah Leona
