oh oh oh okay the like oh okay they are
very big this is like a land of buddies
episode oh oh oh he's the dominant one
in the farm and look at this
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another
special video so you can probably tell
by the title of thumbnail of this video
we're heading off to one of our friends
houses who happens to own an amazing
farm with loads and loads of exotic
animals so I'm not gonna talk much more
lessees head over and see them I love
animals and there's tigers lion monkeys
and more so let's go and see what's up
let's go it's time Batmobile on let's go
we're on our way to the prom right now
and what better way to enjoy let's do
some cool music
so I just met up with Russia this is his
farm he's gonna take us through some of
the amazing animals they have but we've
got a Black Panthers I'm happy
oh my god okay we're gonna go through by
the way he has a YouTube channel so
check him out he has like the most
insane shoe collection which I'm sure
we're gonna see later on but yeah let's
go through the farm first and see the
animals male and female oh so that's the
male and that's the female oh shit oh my
god oh oh look at that
Oh have you ever touched it
yeah would you not be scared oh it's
like a right I'll look look at that oh
he seems kind of happier imagine our
cats were like yeah like a hundred times
bigger oh look at the way she's looking
at us
I think how are you oh okay hello want
to be disappeared oh oh they don't
okay you go first you'll be the bait but
they don't make oh you don't stick your
fingers I said okay yeah this is okay oh
you can very good at this okay yeah sure
no fingers got inside oh he's gonna
taking you right
yeah just thank you howdy do they have
these large
alexis biscuit mission you know this is
what one is all considered a diversifier
I can give her from fire so that you
won't get jealous okay wait oh but she's
so high up that that's a she right yeah
Mia doesn't let the familiy alright good
Oh
oh my god she takes it all all the
trans-pecos female okay you can take it
not in the milk is this
actually where's my other come here take
it good boy I remind you not oh my
goodness did you see that she just took
she'd take it from your hand
I saw you can I beat her mama I've never
been are these all like animals through
here that's amazing this is a huge farm
buzzing oh she's happy she's dancing
yeah this is a morning close Armani and
Paris way it's this Paris right they
draw the stars okay
oh that's adorable oh wait let me get a
look at this guy he has a mustache this
guy
oh these eat the same snacks yes these
monkey biscuits your monkey biscuits huh
oh look at the baby look at that oh just
a man oh oh he just took it is it just
takes it from your hand these are five
us monkeys losing yes it is this is the
one for the movies oh okay come come
I'll take this right yeah I think it's
easy there you go you got it okay I'm
scared of these guys cuz they're like
fighting it is not it's really a video
game oh my
they've got red but thank you
oh my god but I never thought they're
really good like wow that's very pink
oh and he's very energetic - I see I'll
just chuck it in
caitli yeah maybe if we give him one
he's gonna let the girl eat now the girl
can eat I know I'm not giving you one
yet
oops the Sun okay just a good picture
oh yeah for sure cool cool this one
oh he's gone we're heading off over to
the giraffes to see them while the Sun
is still out and you should be a very
very nice view so oh the monkeys are
like everywhere look at that Tyra Jo
Paris is the best all right we're gonna
drive over to the Duras right now and
check them out a Russian is actually
driving got the best skills I shall sit
here or alright passenger I don't know
what liger is it's a tiger hospital
again half tiger you can do that yeah
okay let's go you've got these awesome
statues in the garden that are amazing
okay I'm I'm I'm scared now but I should
slow please I'm kidding our today we
made it to the hyenas first though
aren't Highness very aggressive yeah yes
they are okay yep that means I shouldn't
get very close to them you know they
look so different in person hey wait a
versa they're wild yeah hyenas are very
aggressive just be careful yeah I'm
always scared / yeah
Hakuna Matata I like is the Risley I
remember go go next them again you got
it again okay morning morning behind you
behind you oh my god oh oh hello oh wait
what is this caught up a Puma American
what you look like how the same vine you
got cool yeah so that's how the Puma
ranking about this guy oh you've got
bigger one okay bye bye bye bye I come
in peace
I come in peace so we're going to feed
the mountain lions or something out the
hyenas are getting excited all right
calm down boys oh okay
oh the Puma ones are the mountain lions
your friend Oh like that that is okay
yeah you can do it okay make sure that
you don't stick this one inside just
snap down again keep your hand yeah okay
whoaaa
I know I got it he's dumb anyone he's a
dumb didn't like it just for that okay
they're so cute you can even see the
tiger but he's jumped on the cage he
needs his food okay just let go let go
ah there you go
okay the like oh okay they are very big
this is like a land of buddies Beckett
oh oh oh oh he's the dominant one I'm
getting away
it's the nut one strike look at that's
my sister and this guy is stood up okay
my sister can feed this one this one is
all yours
this one is all yours this one we have
to really make sure not to move this is
amazing let's grab on this okay they are
really strong bite they could take this
away from us oh oh oh I can't bad but my
moment you know in the camera it doesn't
look his way but trust me in real life
this thing is future Oh Darcy died
because he is real sighs there he is
Wow yes I kind of gave it I made it work
for that p.m. like your part - oh look
at that oh I know I got it yeah that's
me yeah it dropped out of your mouth
whoa
oh I'm sorry okay the Bears are out the
bezel take this to later okay please not
company okay goodbye look at the Bears
but you can't see them make sure you
don't watch y'all see them yeah you can
see that from this light actually the
fathers are white friends and mothers
are trying a white lion okay they're
really cute like they're gorgeous
I usually could just cuddle them but I
don't think he wants to cuddle with you
one bite you're dead end
oh my god okay that was a really really
eventful time here
Wow we saw a barrel Eiger hyenas and a
puma okay gosh it's taking us our next
destination you're one of the few
viewers I can say like you've got a lion
as a pair tiger of flamingos Oh
is this next to the job for China Oh
Lavar cars oh no we don't put that on
here customer Bieber a lot of beavers a
beaver yeah what did they do
I don't know my father's car alligators
everything oh my god
we're entering trough world down yeah I
know you just want to take a hundred
selfies yeah you can feed them check
this out they're ready friendly okay
I'll grab one of these there you go
here take this hold strong yep they're
gonna pull um yessing yeah let's feed
some more my sister's feeding them there
okay I'm sorry guys I don't think this
is enough for all of you all right there
you go oh wow you can even touch them
wow that's awesome
see these are much like friendlier with
each other yeah go for it you can pay
his head can I can she pet can I bet you
said um the meal though okay mom emo is
trying it anyways giraffes are something
I like like these are so much friendlier
I like it now we're heading off to the
main zoo right now and you know what's
gonna be inside it
it's a surprise Oh Mike I don't even
know a song that's right all right let's
go Holly Kira back where the cars are
yeah he says like a big circle sorta
tada
okay we're actually heading into the
main zoo right now this place looks so
cool oh my god or next to the guard
doors okay oh my god what what oh Jesus
oh my god I just my god ah
so really them too obvious really wow
this place is so cool this is the
coolest place I've seen so in this case
somewhere is amaze you right look so
awesome
okay you're coming in there like just
lost they're looking around everywhere
so this is where the main zoo area is
like there's loads of loss around this
dining table and you can see every Oh
white tigers are down there oh sure if
you can see if down there
and then this is the coolest place ever
oh look at him he's just looking at us
you see yeah it's like who is this what
is that you know just generate a movie
you right here was he like fighting you
talking your speech it would like a
Chinese is going here okay kid all right
yes or is that going I think I give you
the diamond will kill the Chinese people
Oh inside there he's coming he's coming
can you get any reach up here obviously
not look who's a pretty tall right yeah
but there you go this is like the best
dining place ever just sit here and
relax while you get a beautiful the
lions and tigers it's amazing
I'm look at that once oh yes and what oh
wow okay
look at the tail they're happy then
they're telling they're happy
okay wait is he about to nobody Khan
yeah he can't be here there's 30 of
these in the world there's the
difference this is a king cheetah no no
I'm gonna show you yeah another King
cheetah or normal cheetahs are normal
chichi disease beautiful because you've
um the bitch oh yeah difference there is
only thirty in the world Wow just just
having tea with my white line right
there you go
alright so we're just about to eat right
now I've got my food I swear like
they've got my favorite thing pizza
Nuggets and then my sister's getting
your food over there rush it was kind
enough they have like a whole buffet
ready for us Wow the food is delicious
that's also alright it's like
on
it's incredible okay this let's make all
y'all the game I don't want to be lost
why is that noise noise oh it's a
speaker it's it's not actually that it
maybe is the speaker to scare people
like you that's awesome
alright let's make our way out the cave
this is actually a dog and a lion in the
same cage now they've been best friends
for like how long have they been best
friends ten years laws he's only 103
years yeah that's a dog with a lion when
he goes out she goes out he cries you
know he didn't call he cries really
close and sometimes when we keep him on
the hill one week he doesn't eat he
doesn't eat if the dogs out how did they
become friends when they were small but
they're our babies so that is pretty
awesome guys and a lion be best friends
honey
guy is actually really cool anyways
let's say goodbye to the lion wow you
actually swim in there sometimes
hahaha it's cold yeah now it'd be an on
site winter and these guys are gonna
head off home now huge thank you to
Raj's for showing us around the farm
okay my handbrake is up by let's go guys
really beautiful farm they have I think
she reversed right Molly the doors gonna
open backwards okay doors opening we're
leaving Palace
okay thank you love there's water
anyways check out this road that were on
right now to get home Oh super cool
right
hello my lion what is art
I saw more for you today how are you
doing at home
bubbles are lying guys this is what we
get for lions - cats
hello my lioness how are you how are you
doing having a bit tea in my mold lungs
Cup right now my sister's over there
she's having her tea oh it's not a
bullocks cup yours doesn't even say
loners just a brand
copy for yourself something special
about my cup what special this cup is my
star sign
Alberto yes alright now look at that if
you can see it very far your cup okay
who cares man Mario Cup yeah babu's if I
put you in the lion cage you would no
longer exist balls oh yeah by the way
guys in the morning
bubbles jumped over into our neighbor's
garden who has a dog and we had to go
rescue bye dear I'm blowing it because
it was like early in the morning
everyone was panicked we got so scared
yeah we put them in home today like we
don't let them go out his heart as soon
as he came inside guys like he legit
just like he fell on the floor and he
was like
yeah like normally when picking him
outside he scratches so much but because
he was so panicked like you just fell on
the boy inside
he was so stressed out yeah that
happened anyways guys we're gonna wrap
up today's blowing here I had a blast
that Russians farm there's so many cool
animals we had monkeys we had cheetahs
Lions Puma don't even sure if I'm saying
you're right but the pew man will try to
attack my sister like she just she's
tried to snapchat it while I finger was
supposed to the cage which is kind of
dumb on her behalf like who would
snapchat standing next to a lion and
pour a hand next to the cage like it's
not good oh my god we knit you do good
job that souza happened but hopefully
did enjoy today's video I recorded so
much I'm not even sure if I have an
all-in-one video I probably will or
maybe I'll have a separate video of his
shoe collection who knows he has a
massive shoe collection
I might have a special video for that
because oh my god it was just amazing
anyways hit the like button if you did
enjoy today's vlog it was amazing rush
it was so cool like he showed us
everything and he's such a great guy
like he's humble and everything and yeah
see you guys tomorrow
Donnie Yolo goodbye
