oh my he's neither friend houston six
good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so I'm gonna be super honest at the
moment bubbles has run away somewhere we
don't know where so I'm gonna go
skateboard around and see if I can find
him I'm just scared he might jumped on
the other side off the wall and yeah
pretty much we don't know where he is at
the moment all right let's go so my only
concern is that he fell on the other
side of our wall and if he does that
then there's no way of jumping back
around but oh oh
fell on my skateboard this is the only
way of getting to the other side of the
wall Lucas anyway okay so I'm not sure
exactly how this is going to work
because the alleyway behind our house is
over there through these railings okay
so apparently you jumped in our
neighbor's garden so I think you should
come over here this is where bubble
comes all the way when he runs away guys
look at him look at him where's kitty
our cuties over those oh nice here get
back down down down you know what guys
from today on we're just gonna leave
them we're not even going to go after
them I think it's gone to that time
where they probably should know their
way back home anyways so yeah let's see
how this goes for the next week
it's finally time to open this box I got
yesterday I actually need to put a
picture of myself and use their hashtag
so let's quickly take a take an
Instagram shot for myself okay okay we
won so anything we need to make it look
really good like yo what is that got it
okay okay this won't turn out good can I
see that yeah you're really funny okay
I'll put that one up so I just posted my
phone now I'm going to be honest last
night
luckily found password to this we
haven't opened it yet but thought she
was three nine one I don't know how you
found the faucet but let's open it up
you mean I just guessed by playing
around with the gearbox you know how we
did it just kept turning the keys and
then eventually one of them seems to
open it let's see is it gonna open up oh
we got the only code are you ready Josh
I do you bird store myself I've no idea
no duh oh okay my heart Supermercado oh
okay
you know it matches your room you that's
your favorite color blue blue is this so
I have no idea
not that one I don't know it looks like
an iPod mp3 right maybe it's a Walkman
that I put right yes that is yo this is
the craziest color ever I put it on
which my round is it there won't be on
it laughter is it Ogami yes it does do
you think it's bluetooth hey wait hold
up with this um no idea yo okay so
that's wires and that is a huge pouch
yes
Wow I think that's to keep the headset
back phones that is awesome there I say
anything else though I've really loved
the box because can they see all of the
pictures they posted on us there it's
super super customized out look at
everything they put there the social
timeline they got pictures of me from
like 6 7 months ago and yeah they've
written stuff about so I really like the
fact that it was super personalized and
customized let me see if we could turn
this Walkman on I know I think that's
pretty loud moment gonna hear I can hear
it from here
I like this song well that was a really
really cool way to start the day I'm
gonna leave that books there I'm happy
now I've got some new headphones I
actually got three headphones now I got
one when I bought my GoPro then I bought
boson like a while ago and now I've got
this Saudi one which is pretty funky I
like the color it's like this metallic
green you call it or I don't even know
we're about to all go out now and the
place we're going was actually my mom's
idea she found somewhere on the internet
even with her low internet skills my mom
kind he's the computer but she somehow
found the place for us to visit and mom
that just looks like a random place I
dunno what it even looks like nice no
okay but what is it
what is it though like I could just see
it it's a market somebody's at the door
yeah probably so I just came out and in
fact it was some years god it's Ryan and
Philip who showed up in his health care
and I always call it Hellcat challenger
that's it so it's pretty cool partly to
get all the three but you can check out
Ryan's Instagram your says Ryan shake
but let's go show you the car a little
bit more because you have like three in
the front right now so this is Phillips
car it's actually a challenger and I'm
showing you it because so many of you
always commented more look at the
Challenger why didn't you get a
challenger so I have one now kinda in
front of the house obviously it's gonna
go but it looks really nice it's got red
interior which looks awesome and yeah
garage goes guys garage goes there you
go guys that's the interior absolutely
love red interior on cars and yeah nice
car Philip man really love it alright
that was awesome
just met saw you guys again and
hopefully cross my fingers my sisters
should be ready to go out now that's a
really nice car actually
I love the vents in the front yeah you
guys already all right you're watching
my friends leave but I scored I see you
I see you I no longer see eyes already
ready to go out did you see his car yet
the challenger not a challenger
looks nice right okay why is there a cat
biscuits on the floor while we were
trying to look for this marketplace
we've kind of lost our way and we're in
the middle of nowhere check this out
guys like where are we going there's no
streetlights there's nothing Oh Oh huge
speed bump mummy legs just oh my god so
I'm not sure exactly where you've come
but I'm pretty sure this is not the
market though okay doors open Wow look
at this place
this is called the Falcon city or balcan
wall and it's really really empty like I
mean really empty so I'm not sure if
we've come to the correct place mommy is
this not the correct place all right
Johnny go outside again yeah it's a cool
place but what did they have for sale
should we go look around look at these
let's go look at what they have for sale
there for like tents and Falcons stuff
it's like more I think hunting stuff so
check these out guys they're actually
Falcons so they won't suddenly fly
towards me or anything so that is really
really cool we just went into that shop
and they had live Falcons like I think
the Falcons they used to hunt stuff with
for y'all I didn't expect that my mom
was like is that Falcons yeah and these
things on the floor there for like this
Falcons to stand on regardless it was a
really cool place like look I think the
whole theme is Falcons and stuff like
that so we should have expected to see
some live Falcons in here yeah Falcon
Center I really like this this is it all
right I mean let's go anyways we're
gonna try and head off to the place
where you want it I think it's a net
al-jabbar market but we can't find it
well that was a mega fail because the
market isn't even open we just went
there and there was nothing there was
just like a parking no that's
I'm not sure if we came to the wrong
place or anything but that's what we saw
and we're heading off somewhere else now
that's why my mum should never be the
organisers that thank you mommy we came
off an hour try to find no market
anyways we did see some Falcons though
so that was pretty good
okay look how dirty my car is this is
just ridiculous now
help me oh wow Wow
I had to get myself some car key from my
favorite spot every time I go to the
divine ball now I need to have it just
tastes so good oh I'm also having some
hot dogs hot dogs thank you oh here you
go my mom also wanted some hot dogs as
well there's some in there for her not
for Lana no she's on that diet type of
stuff but her own fish
thank you so so much let's go
Oh gravity
oh you can actually do it
ice cream you like sushi does it taste
better one year like that look at how
this place shakes their little juices or
whatever they made as one of the coolest
shakers I've ever seen they've actually
built the Wunderland which they were
working on for quite a while so I'm
gonna go check that out
all right my own sister are leading the
way on to Wonderland let's go see what
this place is about red carpet it's by
Hermes by the way one of your favorite
brands this is my first time here
I don't know it said free entry let's
see what it's about okay we got these
and let's go in there what what is this
place
where do we go after this though I feel
like that wall is moving I'm saying yet
building on it okay this is the way to
continue I was confused why were
standing there okay okay so I'm not sure
where do we go off to this
out the doors through that
all right let's go
my Wow oh my sister's favorite so in
kirby's land at the mall Wow okay
turn this way but yeah let's keep moving
and I have no ideas just to go yeah show
them where are we going where are we
going
follow the wonderland signs okay getting
lost in this maze at the moment
why is that we're finally moving on to
the cafe the object it's not even a real
dog but let's have anyways I think this
is taking it to the next level guys
there are so scared of people like my
sister taking their bags that they've
actually Hank off this bag what that's a
golden handcuff all right we need like a
chainsaw now what what is that poppin
bottles on to the next round
okay nothing over here I don't know why
I have a feeling that something could
scare us oh this is the end
nobody is it end I don't know is it
isn't my bad whoa this place is pretty
cool like we just randomly soil are we
entered but there's so many things I
finish that's it elephant sculpture all
the I don't even know where you go that
help me out please guys all I have is my
camera all right and then out of the gel
we go that's a pretty cool illusion to
be honest and we made it to another
hallway check out this room they have
everything seems to be moving inside
there oh look that lamp is moving to now
Oh
what this is like an illusion or room at
the moment I wonder what's going to
happen next
oh that light turned off yet oh it's
going down now wait what choose the
tables going down can you see that
are they trying to distract our folks
like I swear I heard the window about to
close oh great
and everything is off again darn it whoa
wait is that hologram and that is a wrap
that was really really cool to be out
it's like it's the first time I've been
here and now we get to walk on the red
carpet again yeah our red carpet goals
hashtag oh my god Lana's feet are on the
red carpet yeah starlit Burj there you
go
anyway that's a really really nice
outing today I swear like the whole day
I was editing because today's video is
the mail time video and it takes so long
to edit them because there's so many
Clips and so many mess ups that you have
to keep going through and finishing off
but look at the face for visiting now
like it's got these really cool
umbrellas in the ceiling alright let's
go buy my sister her food and go home
she loves that indepence though
everybody's fascinated on
there's only some that work tried on the
one okay let me try this one yeah this
one works
I think it's only some that's the way oh
ah oh you can stand under my umbrella
ella ella eh eh anyway it's time to go
home now I've never seen this color on a
Mustang why is that though did they even
sell that I don't think it's a wrap it
looks natural like it doesn't look like
a wrap
it's like a officially one of my
favourite colours in the car now what do
you call that like it's like a blood-red
hi we're gonna have to do with my grade
migrate exploring now compared to that
red nice red oh poor guys begging for
help
okay to the bird that show my car I hate
you I hate you and I hate you there's
bird on my car how did a bird
in this place like I swear it wasn't
there when I left I can't sir back at
the petrol station if you can see I
swear this car drinks petrol like it's
just like yep I'm good mo let's go for
another one round I get wait hold up
more I need more petrol I swear like
it's my fourth stop at the petrol
station and this card keeps on eating
everything oh she got Nutella I want
some why is that not kind of snacks
order dos I still picture this on
internet I did not think they exist
what you mean I've seen these before
actually no the ones we had weren't
Nutella right it is not exist no so were
they a different brand oh I saw a
picture of this on anti salted I will
find you and I will catch and I will eat
you and here's this girl let's start the
car you know I think this car drinks
more petrol than your Lambo like it's
been slurping on petrol I got my
favorite
oh my he's neither friend no this is the
type of thing that happens when my mum
tries to read the newspaper
so bubbles what's going on in the news
today can you can you let us know
because you're kind of sitting on it
what the hell since we're home now I
thought I'd clear something up before I
end the vlog and that is Lana's arms so
basically a couple of days ago we did
mention her arm was going a bit weird
feeling and she went for an MRI scan and
the results came back and we can finally
say the MRI actually didn't pick up
anything which is a good thing for sure
however the only problem we think it may
be now is something to do with our nerve
in our arms so next week she's going to
go see a neurologist but for the time
being I thought let you know there isn't
any serious issue that we found from the
MRI scan which is always a positive
thing and yeah thank you for everybody
asking how she is yes I will say thank
you to everyone who's left messages and
my instagrams resuit if you guys I
really appreciate how much you guys care
about me so thank you anyways I'm gonna
wrap up this book here hopefully you
have enjoyed hit the like button if you
have and I can promise you some exciting
content is coming this week so wait up
I'll tell you more about it tomorrow and
it is yellow yellow good boy
