good morning everyone welcome to another
vlog so it's actually quite early in the
morning right now I did initially wake
up we were gonna go quadbiking but today
is Linden's last day so he's gonna spend
time with family a little I might meet
up with him in a bit yo where's all
these shades and stuff coming from
wait I want the Sun there we go makes me
look nicer oh yeah instead I think he's
gonna be hanging out with family a bit
maybe we'll meet up with him a bit later
on it's his last day and yeah let's just
go enjoyed the day anyways we just got
home
bubbles ran he loves Italy yeah because
we open outside for him but was you
ready to go out
you ready to go out first your color no
no come your color and now you can go
out try it open it
yeah wait no that's what keys on this is
what he loves about outside look at him
bubbles what you doing how are you doing
we don't want to see your butt the floor
nice and nice and warm
yeah oh look a kitty guys she's showing
my mom some love oh that's all adorable
slapper now quick no I wouldn't do that
guys I'm just kidding
we love our cats too much they're
spoiled to be the Kidder Oh bubbles are
you doing
so he's like balanced on one of your
legs by the way oh oh what are you doing
here Toby
Toby go away why are you teasing bubbles
I saw him like go bubble doll buddies
yeah you go bubbles don't fight him
don't fight him he went he went he went
I made sure he might look he's gone oh
my god that was ice I don't know why my
heart beat so I never involved with the
fighters oh no no don't go outside to
fight again it's no bubbles bubbles not
anything Toby don't
bubbles no let us hope he go go go
please Toby go cool it from the other
side then a chill jump that was no joke
I'm cooling from a socket can you can
you hold none of I was calm down
so Linden is finally here guys and he's
been doing something special so you guys
may know may not know he's actually
finished editing his first vlog Oh
anyway I was helping you edit we're just
here we're working here or grinding out
here to get his vlog out by the way make
sure to follow my snapchat boom right
here I'll snap whatever his first vlog
is live so don't worry about that follow
the name Muhammadu right here and his
vlog channel is called Linden adventures
at the moment but we can't find it for
some reason so I'll slap you how to find
it don't worry cuz I know you guys want
to see Linden channel but today is the
last first Joe show them sneak peek
first first second seconds the intro I
was dying I was like just just the intro
just ensure like Dallas hit don't give
them too much because they have to go
check it out on your channel it was
hilarious I love you will love okay
ready once they make a
oh my god I just I love what I see
people love it just basically smart
anyway anyways make sure follow and I'll
keep you updated Linda adventures to
come and tomorrow his vlog should be
amazing should be a very recognize you
don't know
first gloss is like super expensive but
guys I won't be vlogging if I don't tell
first time in the plane like anything
Laura I don't regard this log regardless
and people guys thumbs up this video if
you want Linda just a vlog all out like
no no like things given you just just do
it
scan me them yo we're gonna shop editing
up his channel trying to fix it up make
it look super professional and will
continue in today's I'll be plus read
that intro made me happy just watching
the Laflin peace guys and feeling super
gangster today got my hoodie on my hat
don't mess with me son
okay serious life life advice right here
guys I've been telling you this never
listen to people I got in telling mr.
daya bhabhi's generally said this before
if there's something you want to do and
I'm completely being honest with you
right now
there's something you're different
vlogging if it's starting your own
business or anything just to go out and
do it and I know there's gonna be people
well I don't have the equipment I don't
have this I don't have that the first
thing I told Linda because Linda was
like well I need the blowing camera I
was like no the first thing I was like
knowing that you don't need a blowing
camera I was like you have a phone right
he was like all the yeah and I was like
use that phone and start vlogging and
that's what you did and I'm really proud
the blog did come out much better than
my first but my first vlog was hideous
so their eyes are gonna get better
and yet that's just I always say when
you want to start something start with
what you have because even if you can
get what you need the best equipment
don't because you have to first get the
dedication and then start getting better
equipment because I'll never advise
going in and getting everything you want
because most the time when someone does
that they don't stick to it and I'd
just because of the mentality or the
economy because of them buying the
things but I think it's more like you
need to get used to it and work your way
up
so life advices mode they don't want you
to do it they don't want you to be
successful as DJ guy says but you know
what just push through it do anything
you can and make your way there if you
want to start out like a clothing brand
make one shirt just one shirt anywhere
you can and try and make profit off that
one shirt and it is like advice of all I
felt bit gangsters like you know what
let me let me preach to the blog for
today I'm serious it doesn't work it
does we'll see within the vlogs
okay that's here y'all
yo Linden vlogs Linda blogs is uploading
hello
hello so something stood now it's a 637
okay someone just rang the bell and no
one was behind the door that's why I
could read what they did you check it
and if there's nothing so they might
Brian run 18 so go to 1841 that's weird
alright little boobs like in the middle
of despair no right to Jenna's last day
but we're about to got me out with his
friends and the song is right about it's
a sign thing don't leave y'all
that's bear spooky let's see no it's
locked
exactly someone just rang the bell and
there's no one yeah get rid of that top
panel so he can see a property but
anyways they must have walked through
this one
oh yeah did you see that rewind that was
scary was that a bunch of kids look oh
so it turns out it was a bunch of kids
if that was any of you I don't really
condone it just because security if they
see that they're probably gonna like get
you in a lot of trouble but so I was a
small little prank no worries no worries
don't do it again so caught in action
mister yo and he left something he left
something I thought he left something ah
okay be careful
No yes do something you do something
cool no oh no maybe I was like a little
firework I already went off but I don't
know
rewind 18001 yeah this is we're bringing
investigations on the last day what the
hell okay yeah go to this fort yeah
that's great that's great that's great
just fostering it a little although they
are suspects in action guys suspects in
action
yeah you know I think this dude done
look look watch how you drop something
no no he was going to go for that you
fill out the Bell okay I'll finish is
going around playing pranks on people
guys we're going to patrol the area find
them how we'll find you okay we're
amazing we did okay so we're gonna try
and make our bottom left camera work my
sister's hitting it with a stick outside
work yeah yeah yeah they're gonna JIT
yeah anyways we're off to see Linden's
friends as I said it is his last day and
he has to spend it with his friends so
we're just tag I'm a tag along today my
mom yeah he spent the day with his mom
that's what he was doing initially cuz
we were planning on actually going quad
biking a family first guy's family first
we're seriously stuck in like the most
heavy traffic ever right now but
thankfully I've got like a Ferrari in
front of me so I'm enjoying the view in
that sense but it's gonna take long and
Linda needs to be home quite early
because of its flight to Mars so I'm not
sure how we're gonna do this we met
might end up not going anywhere but I
think I think we should make it
our fingers look a brooder oh this might
be the last time I see it
Brina yeah this oven Oh Bruno this could
be our last time we meet for a while
this could be our last time oh oh oh
what does he want me to make it what
yeah Oh sadly I think the next time
we're going to see this place probably
like six months five six months well New
Year mama see my mother see about us
here but look at look at her he's even
got an airplane up there one day I'll be
flying in there with Lyndon I'd be I
don't know a passenger and you'll be
flying well welcome to Lyndon airways
look at the Lyndon area Muno are you
gonna come with me first class oh oh oh
you think I can dance move oh oh yeah
actually that is so funny
God God God why is he doing this he's so
ridiculous
oh oh oh oh my god oh he's back he's
back they call it the Bruno killer oh my
God he's a she
Bruno Oh Oh what is that thing he does
he that kind of sneezes at you oh oh oh
oh oh this is actually adorable oh oh
okay bring up you ready you ready cuz
life doesn't have a knock sound
basically we're figuring out this
YouTube thing together because you
haven't put out to everyone yet it's
harmless so how can I do that so the
same way but then the goat except from
private go to public so then it'll be
yeah I can see it how are you gonna do
that today yeah why not
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna snap it then
guys his first video is out channels
called Linden adventures even though
it's going to be super hard to find I'll
try and link it in the decision and yet
this burst lock will be out inspired by
more blocks oh my god guys oh my god
Linda why have you done it
what have you done click on the video oh
my god oh my god check it out guys yeah
anyways guys I'm heading off home this
is the last time we're gonna be seeing
Linden for a while but we'll all be and
we'll be in contact you can enable Skype
call I do that with my brain ahead of
time Scott video cool but for now that
has been the end of team limo winter
session and yet next time you can see us
is gonna be summer we might look
completely different
who knows I might have like a mohawk
Linda might have like a 6-pack of
everything right okay yeah it's really
good hanging out with you hope to see
you in somewhere we can have more
adventures team limo out peace I just
arrived back home now Linden's gone for
good you're not gonna see him on the
vlog for a while now is really good
hanging out with him but I guess let's
just take the positive side of it he
ended up making a vlog channel which I
hope he continues with and we're going
to spend more time with Moneyball right
yeah memo we're gonna go to the mall
right now just chillax I haven't I
haven't spent much time I'm Bob Weiland
it has been here so oh look at my movie
bubbles is openly good then I let's go
fine we're back in the morning
be honest I do see a new a nice car over
there I'll give you a teaser by a car
from that I don't see much I just caught
me boys of cars any watchin I'm so tired
memama are just doing some shopping but
I've never seen this it's like a
champagne glass type of thing with
chocolate it is that's actually really
really unique like like for celebrations
and they've like put it all the way to
the top look at how many of them oh yeah
it's like a Christmas tree I just bought
the star that's awesome
what's that hazelnut okay thank you
I'm trying KitKat hazelnut it tastes
nice actually yeah no it won't taste
nice driving my mom tried the caramel
the edge was not very nice
look at this route home base and liquor
all of the Star Wars things there I
don't even know what these are they like
lamps they light up that's all I know
I'm they've got beanbag Star Wars this
is actually a pretty nice statue for our
living room
how much is it that's what I'm wondering
does it say a price under it no nothing
oh okay it suits the living room though
I've just turned my hat backwards I
don't know I think it kind of looks
weird I don't know I just leave it like
you guys let's ask someone how much this
statue cost is pretty nice and if it's
on sale could grab it from the living
room somewhere okay we're looking at
some of the rugs they have I said what
is it everything is now star wars you
know is it that popular I never even
knew he's good
okay
I say if I have a room oh I do have a
room I mean if I were someone that
design to my room I just get loads of
beanbags and stuff like so what's this
turn on okay doesn't turn on made a
force be with you I don't know what it
is I feel so tired so I call me bout to
walk around to buy anything I might come
back because I do need the new GoPro if
you guys have watched my videos and my
GoPro I can't line my GoPro is the go /
- its kind of old compared to the new
one so I should come pick one up while
the device shopping festivals on Canal
some pretty sweet deals they give like
headphones are like a thousand dirhams
with the mm mm go pro which is pretty
good I think anyways we're gonna head up
home now though because I'm so so tired
I don't even know why I've done today I
just feel tired maybe I'm starting to
get sick a little bit hence why I'm
wearing my hoodie inside a move I've
never seen the valley so empty there's
no cars
late at night there's nothing there is
actually one rolls-royce order at the
back and I wish so hard that I got to
drive that right now
but no so I told you guys I was going to
stay committed to doing some weight so
every day I sir I'm going to do at least
like three sets of bliss this is what I
love about having weights at home I can
just like grab it whenever I want and
just do a couple of reps and I think
it's much better than not doing anything
2016 goals more get Buick arms good time
yet anyways I'm going to do some more
arms before I go to bed off camera but
if you do enjoy today's gonna hit the
like button I think Mia Linden had some
great adventures when he was here I know
it's awesome for you guys so hopefully
we can do that on our summer whenever
he's back and yeah maybe he's going to
come back a pilot because that's what
he's doing is finishing off University
and stuff like that but for now you're
going to be stuck with me for a while
until he comes back and who knows you
have more adventures new people new
everything but it won't be the same
anymore
anyways I'll see you guys through with
another vlog be happy do what you love
and yeah trust me you go far in life
anyways my mom is just you're playing
with Kitty you're gonna see more of my
mom in the vlog so I'll look at her wow
I just did one cell weight and I was
tired
anyways from now yaaaay Yolo the family
good boy
