yeah I just went from MRI scan and I'm
feel so tired I'm writing they had to
put something like old contrast I don't
if you can see it it's just I think
she's like yeah
Antep if that injection died to see
everywhere but it's really hard I think
how long would I live for more offer and
oh boy wonder what we've got
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so I'm not entirely sure if my mom or
sisters started today's vlog I did tell
them but my sister right now she went to
do her MRI scan and they should be back
in like two hours because I know it's
like a really really long scan it's
actually really really cold today and I
saw bubbles and Kitty's sleeping
upstairs so I put my hoodies on them as
a blanket I'll show you the house is so
echoing there's no one is it echo you
see that anyways here you go these two
have come upstairs to sleep today is it
cold
all right I'm gonna let you sleep there
and then you have bubbles in my room
over here
what's up bubbles okay let me cover him
a bit more this guy seems like he's
freezing there you go we might just
start gonna go to the pure box again
it's been a really long time but funny
enough we haven't got a cool for a while
saying we've got any packages so I'm not
sure if we should expect something or
not because normally every single
package we get they let us know they
like text us saying you have a package
but we haven't got one in ages so I'm
not sure if they just gave up with the
messages or we literally don't have
anything so let's go check my brother
was to record my reaction to a song I've
never heard in my life I don't think
you've heard anyways I should really
like it it's not new or anything
honestly actually feel like we have to
have like a parcel at least one but
let's see Mona freak to see we're
getting messages for them alright so
we've got a couple of things
no you see we do have a stick we got a
slip and they've actually put one of the
parcels - oh my god that's why it's that
yeah no idea
please don't tell me something leaked
like I remember last time
oh no shorty if you squidgy okay just
don't know this question it might be
fragile that's it mom with no wear
sleeves
nope I'm Carrigan seal okay yo bro what
is these angles but so we got the male
and yet we found out that soldier slips
get we don't get messages core because
what is it that there's coins it's not
like a bunch of coin I think but yeah
basically you're saying yeah I was
saying that we actually got a package
but we didn't get a message for it
because they're not like some of the
stocks sent they're not recorded
delivery like they don't need tracking
so yeah but we did get package and we're
excited to see what's in there it says
this for Kitty and bubbles I think it
says for kitty in bubbles mama I hear
coins i sweatshirt goodness my sister
just felt this packet and she says it's
a car look at this look there's I told
you is like a new step oh I just
got four wheels on I can feel it
to be honest I think I might know what
it is because I saw a comment saying
that somebody's gonna send me a white
Mustang or just a Mustang at school I
know so if it is that suicide nurse
okay don't break the side mirrors okay
that is the green part that's in our
area all the time reward to catch that
is 2,000 pounds so he just stopped
completely as soon as we were sued
stunned I always go back home you're
gonna go into this treatment guys
bubbles has recently learned to come out
I look at him he's so like bubbles
inside now no inside hi so annoying
no inside into the pen yes inside the
house go go go stop communicating with
the parrot you bird Whisperer corner the
neighbors looking at you
he's not talking to you he's just doing
that for himself look look he's not with
you man just go away leave me you're
going psychotic here you see he's
communicating with me / Renee burr the
hardy thinking Rory Tarr did this we're
just trying to get a thumbnail shot
right now yet yeah make it look like
you've thrown the mail to me I need to
remove her out the clip she got me a
flying cat so looking through it Oh God
so you know the Econo - cats running
around one is ripping up the carpet
that's good I'm throwing like a boss get
more into your head this is what you
call art guys oh my god that is the best
thumbnail ever look at that oh my god
that looks every yo why are you seeing
on your own it's finally time to do
another real time guys I absolutely love
doing these and I think you guys love
watching them so today I think we have
enough to do a pretty decent one your
package here package here and loads and
loads of them so let
to some male type in bowl so let's get
straight into this the first one I'm
going to open is this pink one with a
cute little head okay sticker where is
it promises it's all the way from
Oklahoma I think that's in the United
States right all right yeah I like to
think of two summers take my time
they're young we managed to open the
letter without actually ripping the head
okay so let's go ahead and see what's
inside it so it says after 2016 I hope
this is the best year for you and your
family peace love and happiness
oh those super super sweet and thank you
for this package because I saw I'm going
to keep this is there's also next up
we're going to go to the second package
it actually says our sincere apologies
from the world melt
apparently it could have been damaged
but I have no idea what was in there in
the first place so I can't tell so let's
go ahead and see what's inside this yeah
I see 2 5 P points there y'all oh oh you
got pictures of the person's cat's oh oh
man it's actually like proper printed
ones you know we should put this in
qiyam bubbles room doesn't hook like
next to a little collection make them
award nothing I like friends oh look at
this let's get some focus on this there
you go guys that is the picture of the
person's cats I think super adorable and
then finally the lost son here you go
wow that's awesome man dear Moe my name
is Alana and you are by far my favorite
youtuber and your bugs are the best I
love your cars all the boys are amazing
and I watch them every day after doing
my homework you spark you smart you
doing your homework son Paul oh this is
Lilly anyways thanks again go on and say
hi to the cats for me this is going on
bubble and kitties more the fame from
now we're going to start them
cat Fame this one we actually got like a
week and a half ago this is the one I
saved up now I wonder what's in here it
seems like a bore train yeah I can tear
it open guys so this wasn't us like
damaging it came like this where is it
from
first it is all the way from India
Mumbai yeah okay well you have a big
company this in my art room that's
pretty nice oh okay wait hold up
ona wiener boys oh oh we make a noise
that is the smallest know I've ever seen
look at my hand receiving these in my
life let me see okay this might be very
rare by the way oh okay I just read the
letter that comes with it apparently is
where and you can actually auction it
for a good amount he said because they
stopped producing it I knew it at time
you deduce something all right
don't we need to keep in mint condition
so thank you so much Phillip for this
awesome photo he has an Instagram good
oceans on this for my life you can check
it out if you want and yeah pretty nice
for you to get himself I'll put this in
my armor thank you everybody
from Illinois I actually used to do this
up Knoll I used to do this with paper
myself you know what they cut out shapes
boatloads yada yada I used to do that
all the time with paper yeah you know
when you fold a piece of paper and you
start cutting shapes on this side why I
used to do in primary school that's
pretty cool thank you so much r1 for
sending this cool little paper cutout I
appreciate it and I'm going to keep it
in the mill time thanks bud alright next
up we're going to go for this where is
it from this is from Georgie ever voice
that's America man you finally reader
George one young anguish time there this
is all the way from unknown Georgia okay
wherever Georgia is I think it's in look
at the language of dog okay it might not
be America yet so Georgia said this bow
is a pretty cool photo of mountains to
be honest accept them today I never had
boat was said to us so like stop trends
at the same time ice we're gonna open to
our time you open one eye open one eye
open that all conditions is all the way
from New Zealand this is from Kingsbury
okay wait what's up I saw it I saw it
would make you buddy
yours was opened your own general my
name is Manuela sorry if I pronounced
thereon I'm from Romania but I live from
five years in UK thank you so much mom I
love presenting these notes by their
apparently really really lucky so they
might brush off on me nicely too so I'm
gonna add this to the collection and try
not hold them or anything so let's put
these to the side say thank you sign
from here on how everything looks to be
getting bigger so let's get straight
into it brown envelope for each of us
you ready right this is all the way from
Canada and this is all the way from
Philadelphia busy let's go Oh every time
you I can use
and I just end up looking for your
sister don't worry about it wait what do
you see it well Oh yo bro there's a
tissue stuck to this paper and it says
there's a $2 coin in there okay wait I
think that's a really rare coin Oh all
the way from Philly we have a two-dollar
coin
so I've seen $2 bills before but not two
dollar coins so how is a Canadian $2 and
it's got the Queen Elizabeth Queen
Elizabeth yeah are you sure you know
what it's similar to the part yeah that
is very similar huh anyways thank you so
much Gilbert for the awesome $2 coin
this one from Canada Oh pounds as well
Oh
oh my god I thought this was pound I
don't know how is mistake good this is
really nice this is the central bank of
Yemen yeah this is a $1 yeah your
favorite oh this is good rows in the
back except this one for me thank you
so the envelope we just opened over
there had a really really kind letter in
it and it came with three special notes
look at that guy's it came with a five
Durham a $1 at 100 reels from Yemen
thank you so much there's a flower in
the back of all right let's get focus on
this it comes with like your flower
design
Neuros but then there's like rows on the
back of the coin said thank you so so
much
we'll definitely keep this to the side
as like a special piece and there goes
the dollar as well so yeah let's keep it
straight and all the way from India I
think we need a knife
mommy we need a knife we're doing the
bottom below you your hand is right in
front
yoshua you put it on the floor okay
don't you girls knives that's a lesson
to be learned look at her
I don't like this we did it I didn't
think you'd message my god
look our you have in here it's a move
looks smug yeah that is epic oh there
you go you got my never too late to
watch more vlogs with the official
roblox mug
thank you so much that is awesome just
editing away guys that's all so this is
from door farads
as it right on combine and I'm gonna be
honest I got an email from the person
sending it so I think this is yours
ready I think so anyway
Oh circle picture of us let's see oh my
goodness it's a calendar it's got our
family portrait is don't picture in it
oh wow it is yours all the pictures that
you may see me I look at this calendar
guys first page second page third page
and it's a lot of stores Wow they've
gotten screenshot both of you from the
blog that is epic yeah I know
the launders next lambo videos just
gonna be my calendar which gonna go
where I'm not that so that is seriously
really really awesome Thank You Norah
Farah so much oh my god I love these
gifts that I post just customize and
personalize it it's just so cool that's
damn that's really cool Cheers
let's love it I'm buzzing my sister's
going through the gun in there I really
loved it I saw Oh open it oh well I'm
not allowed to open the gift what what
you're taking away my duties of opening
them in French money in it oh my god
that is - my girlfriend let's see what
we have in this little pouch oh wait
this isn't from the UK it says yours o
heroes so thank you so so much for the
epic coins I'm going to put them back
into the pouch because I want them to
stay special and yeah it will go into
the money collection with the pouch so I
know it's for news letter is from Luke
he says to mawlana kitty in bubbles i
love your videos and look forward to
them every night i'm gonna think what
better way to spend my pocket money on
thank you so much dude while i was
synchronized for once we actually
haven't even opened this alright i
salute as well I have no idea so you
know what forgiveness we need to thank
you Friday I don't use em Jenny
so that'd be what you needed for your
money your point oh my god we have think
that we have a huge coin jar that is
what you need this for you're going to
the mod they go kind of bet on the way
so we're kind of like honest yeah it's
like a 50 pound or wrapping around this
I love pouches they don't like you know
the older days with your life trading
with people it's like I got only gets a
dollar on my pouch this is cool
oh wait we missed something we missed
something we completely missed the gap
toys
it's careful yeah this is for bubbles
and kitty castaways oh my god
bubbles come here
get to the business round and round be
careful Mahmoud Oh
kitty is going to go like so excited
right now turn the camera on over at key
okay give me the knife over this is that
my toy
she said I'd recognize it for us because
she's not used to Dada Dada
oh I got it just smacked her in the face
so last but definitely not least we have
this I'm super excited to see what car
is if it is a car because that's my
sister told me on the way here so let's
open it up and see what we got I think
you might be a Mustang that's what I'm
saying but I have no idea oh and guess
what it is a Mustang Wow yeah somebody
actually commented they were going to
send me this I'm not sure if it's the
same person though but boom oh that is
epic yo the doors open and everything
does the boo open to give my boy the
boot oh but sure dies a big V hey are
you sorry I mean the bonnet that is
amazing more way to like end off the
belt I'm seriously epic gear mo I hope
you had a great New Year celebration I
loved your vlogs and enjoy watching
every single one wait was that one
you're acquainted there we missed
something guys we missed something there
was a one-year coin in there as well you
know so many euros today here you go
so thank you so so much for these
awesome gifts like this is epic like a
Ford Mustang like this is going on my
table upstairs but shout out to Tim
underscored Eddie's mom you know what
happened because it bubbles please oh my
god
she got jealous so she tried to be Emma
but she's very angry with him oh she's
very angry you know yeah that was so
loud mommy thanks again for this awesome
present really do appreciate it and
thank you to every single one if you're
watching a video and supporting it crazy
so hopefully you enjoyed today's Mel
time hit the like button if you did and
yeah let's continue the rest of today's
vlog pace my kids on magic clinic is
over here they go one of the nicest ice
creams and it's these a little cool
thing yeah it makes everything so this
is how it looks like guys it's like
these frozen dough balls thank you so
much I'm not even kidding like this ice
cream why I like about it is it actually
tastes like unique in some way I don't
know I think it's the shape or just the
way it's served but it does really taste
nice mommy you ready to go
oh my head hurts you know when you get
like a painter flickers on the back of
your head I'm having that the whole day
today oh my god I don't normally like
taking pills because I just don't like
medicine but my head hurts so bad
popping pills man I got it guys liquor
bubbles he's walking up my mom trying to
find a good spot to sleep and he doesn't
want her to leave he found a good school
because I was looking at the camera he's
under the table Oh father great spot to
sleep so if you guys don't already know
I played this game good League of
Legends online and I've named myself mo
blogs just like my youtube channel now
once in a while I get people adding me
and they don't even know I'm actually
myself and I had one today and he was
like you know mo look so I just went
along with it I was like yeah I know the
guy I watch his vlog but at the end of
it I decided to break the news I was
just playing around just having a good
old chat and he said prove it and I
marry you I don't know if it's a boy or
a girl by the way I just said prove it
and I'm very lucky you think it's a girl
okay my friend thinks it's a girl but I
guess because they told me to prove it
I'd show you so yeah here you go I want
to be on the blog they were like I guess
then I'll have to marry you so it's up
to you so so there you go mastery on
League of Legends I guess you have to
now be my wife
they're your guys it's not okay however
as always before I end today's vlog I
just want to quickly remind you guys if
you're watching this video right now
today put yourself in a positive mindset
go outside just with that attitude that
you're gonna move forward and get to
where you want to be because that is
actually always need to have don't
forget be smart and you
where you wanna be I'm gonna leave you
on that note hope you enjoyed as always
y'all know y'all know goodbye
whoo
