sometimes I just struggled to start the
blog yo yo yo everyone welcome to
another fram ballistic vlog so today is
actually like one of the last days of
the Dubai shopping festival and I've
realized the only thing I actually
bought this shopping festival was camera
equipment for my youtube channel so
today I want to go out and see if I can
buy some stuff for myself because it's
been a long time since I'm done like any
type of clothes shopping or just
generally buying new stuff for myself so
I think I deserve to treat myself now I
know I just recently got my car but that
was a long time awaiting and it didn't
feel like whoa I got a car because I
waited so long it it's not like yes
finally I got a car if you know I mean
so let's go and have like a little
little treating time for ourselves today
anyways in my sister's room she's
watching one of her favorite shows why
the hell'd you still watch that grandma
Sebastian grab on bubbles
uh-huh his tongue is stuck you know that
oh my god Sebastian no Flambeau no
there's a shark coming off the sea
monsters kick from yesterday's look you
guys probably know that today my sister
was actually supposed to go and have her
MRI scan because of her arm like feeling
weird for like a week but they called
her this morning saying that their MRI
machine wasn't working or stopped
working or something along them lines so
instead she's going to have it tomorrow
it's pretty weird because an MRI
machines like a huge machine so I don't
know how like it stopped working or you
know I mean so instead she's gonna have
it later on so I just want to tell you
that in case you're wondering what
happened to them our eye scan and his
Lana okay basically she hasn't gone for
the scan yet but she's feeling a bit
barren arm so I downloaded this new song
and I think we should play on the car
okay you guys ready where's the app oh
my god all right there you go thing you
should say
so the first thing I'm going to do while
I'm here is I'm going to go look at the
watch I think I might actually go to the
fossil one let me just say one more look
at it I know it's a sudden change but I
don't know I think a lot of the actors
said get the fossil one I don't actually
have a possible watch so let's go take a
look at it that's the one I was going to
get guys but now that I look at it I
don't know I don't really like it as
much as I think I did so I'm gonna go
take a look at the guest shop again
let's go it's pretty funny I actually
can't even find a gift store here I
might not remember where was that they
had it last time here so we just got to
have a bit paparazzi with my mom now
we're going to go all the way to more of
the Emirates not only because they have
a guest or officially there but because
if I do buy from there we also get to
enter the raffle again which is always a
bonus I don't know why I feel like in
the sales all the good pieces are not on
sale for some reason like or there take
it how many and myself 50 because I
really like the taa over here thank you
time to go to the next mall oh yeah that
was one of the quickest visits I've ever
had at a more like eight it this is the
perfect situation to use my cars feature
I've got my camera in one hand a coffee
mug in the other and I want to open the
door to my car so it's open okay let's
try not spill anything I know that's
going on there don't worry I've got it
at least it's easier than getting my key
out of my hand or out of my pocket let's
go just to show you how hot these teas
are I drove like half an hour to get the
more memories and it's still hot anyways
you know what would be a complete
nightmare if the guest store over here
runs out of the watch because then I'll
literally be doomed but in front of me
right now is a BMW m4 and I put a
picture of this car on my car page and
it wasn't this exact car I was like some
random car in a different country but
it's funny cuz I'm seeing the exact
same color and everything right now so
let me show you check out this bad boy
m4 yeah I love the rims Wow this this
car is really nice
oh it's got a body kit in the front look
at that hi Hardy can I see that one
please
so I think I am gonna go for this one
today guys and just get that you have
the blue on a fit still I know yeah it
can I have that one is on and you still
have the blue one as well so I can see
like the same on the blue yeah so that's
the good one and then that's the blue
one which one's nice one I'm not even
sure Joe something I can put it on here
which one do you prefer
all right so that's the gold one can I
put both on the same wrist and then
that's the blue one so guys I'm actually
going to go with the left one because I
think later on I'll get the blue one
thank you so much I'll take a the silver
one I think that's like a second one to
come later on all right there you go
guys that is the watch I'm getting today
I did go to the gold one but to be
honest the blue one is something I
really like I might come get it later on
it looks really good but I think you
have to be specific about how you match
it with your fluids for that one you can
literally put on anything so I think I
kind of really like the blue on though I
might get a later on for now we're gonna
have to say goodbye to this one and yeah
such a nice color this one is as well
this is actually how you make it smaller
right yeah with this machine
never seen one of these oh you have to
do it one by one I thought you could
just do like four next to each other
normal come on city is the last day of
the sales I'm just going around and
doing a bit of shopping
to be honest I completely hate shopping
but I grab myself a really cool shirt I
really like soft them like insurance
that's the type of things I like just
something that makes me feel like I'm
wearing nothing because it just keeps me
cool
check this out there selling Maradona
sign shirt 5600 pretty much and it's
personally signed by him over here we've
got a Cristiano Ronaldo one 3,000 is
that it 3,000 Wow and then over here Leo
Messi Suarez and Neymar or if you can
see that 8600 and finally just the Liana
Messi signed one for 5600 they're
selling Ronaldo signature for half the
price of Messi's which is crazy because
in the other shop I saw like a week ago
they're selling it for 200 thousand and
over here it's like two thousand six
hundred look on this wall they have
loads more t-shirts and stuff okay
they've actually got boots signed by
Neymar or no is that anymore
yeah Neymar for 3,000 that's actually
not that bad I've come at this super dry
this is a large as I can't tie on my
arms a large what this is so tight are
you sure they're pick a small what the
hell it's tight here and yeah it's baggy
here I don't know should I try an extra
larger is this good so that's the thing
guys it's really tight on the arms but
here it's just like normal so I'm not
sure if I go for extra large will become
too baggy here but I think it should be
fine I'm not too sure this is good
this extra-large good right now this
better I try to see how I'm gonna like
have it I'm actually fitting in an
extra-large jumper from super dry
normally I'm a medium like I'm a medium
on pretty much everything or maybe a
large again pretty much larger gots the
average on a large but extra-large I've
never worn before except from today so
that's pretty funny
my mom's actually gone to get some
takeaway sushi from my sister and I'm
gonna grab myself some food too but I
went into two of you guys named octave
and a hustler shout-out to you guys
they're really really sweet and they
knew about the channel so yeah anyway
let's go get some food I'm starving I
absolutely starving I don't know why I
love this song so much today
I feel like I found a new song hey hey
Sami what hey guys so my brother is
going to show us a new shirt that he
bought
I already mama no you look today I ready
yes
Oh give it do you like it I already like
the shirt yes very nice I was also yeah
it's very nice haha worried well no I
would do gone shopping but you know I
couldn't use more on the last day of the
sale yeah but uh yeah are we off anyways
you've already seen this t-shirt but I
didn't really show you the other shirt
which I got so I'm quickly going to
change be right back here is guys this
is the second t-shirt I got now this is
pretty much like the other one which I
go it's got like this two-tone color to
it but obviously it's short sleeve so
this is more like a if it's hot outside
I can wear I saw I've been recording the
same two minute clip for like an hour so
this time let's just go let's let's not
mess up mode you ready all right as
promised I told you once I got home I'll
show you my new watch so let's get a
really nice focus off this so you can
see how it looks like exactly here you
go so it's pretty much your basic blue
face
slash gold silver strapped watch now
there's a lower watches that look like
this and the one that always comes to
mind is this Rolex one I'll have a
picture of it here
I think it's cool like your Rolex
Submariner you watch I'm not sure I'm
bad with names but these two watches
look very very similar correct me if I'm
wrong but they have a very similar
design and based on that I do want to
say one thing because I know there's
going to be a ton of comments about this
completely roasting me it's saying mole
why don't you have a luxury watch
already why don't you have like a proper
mechanical watch why do you keep going
for these like cheap quartz watches and
I'll tell you why now I do plan on
getting a luxury watch within the next
year however if I do end up getting like
a Rolex or an AP watch it's going to be
one of the two following options I give
you so it's either going to be a limited
edition watch or a pre-owned luxury
watch now the reason is if I do end up
planning or choosing that I want to buy
like a high-end watch I want it to be
something that holds its value pretty
well and that's something that I really
do want to pick very carefully what I do
go for like a very expensive watch
because to be honest I don't want to
like end up spending $60,000 on a watch
which the next day is going to go for
like 3040 thousand so I don't want to
like lose half my money in and day of
just buying that watch and that is why
I'm probably going to get it towards the
end of this year once I've had like a
good look at what watch I want because
as well as getting like a luxury watch I
also want it to be like an investment in
some way or just something that's going
to hold its value pretty decently
however while we're on the topic of
high-end luxury watches me and my sister
have completely different attitudes and
she does like her iron watches a law and
she does own a couple so if we had
10,000 likes on this video I will show
you one of her high-end watches and if I
see it's popular enough we can keep on
going from there anyways I'll see you
guys tomorrow for another amazing vlog
hopefully you did enjoy today's vlog and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
yellow yellow good bye
