guys stop fighting
yo yo everyone welcome to another vlog
now the other day one of you emailed me
and that's how I'm going to start
today's vlog based on that email and
they sent me a video five things you
probably didn't know about your Mustang
and I can't light two of them were super
cool and I had no idea existed so I'm
going to take you out and show you I
mean maybe you guys on a Mustang and
don't know this too alright let's open
the door I hope there's no cats outside
oh yeah we're good so we're good
by the way I'm in my flip-flops so the
first feature I had no idea about which
I found pretty awesome is apparently by
the way just the first time I'm trying
it if you hit your unlock button twice
and hold it on the second time your
window comes down so let's test it out
so here goes nothing guys let's see if
this actually works the guy actually
held it very long in the video so let's
try ourselves one two okay whoa whoa it
actually comes down guys that is epic
if you wonder there's a way to get it
back up though cuz the video don't
mention anything let's try it for
ourselves maybe we can make up something
let's do the same thing one two
okay I don't think that works so that's
a pretty cool feature anyways so I'm not
exactly sure what the feature is for
because why would you want to roll down
your windows when you're not in your car
but I guess there's a function for it
which I have no idea about so let me
know in the comment section so the
second thing is actually something in
your car which you probably don't know
about and that's the reason I actually
wore my glasses so I'm gonna show you a
hidden compartment that I didn't even
know existed this is the view you get
when you're sitting in your car pretty
standard right you have your steering
wheel and then when you come to your
right you have your Sat Nav and there's
not much else you're gonna look for now
if you come to the left however this
over here this is what you use to open
your boot I believe so and then this
thing right here I just never really
paid attention to it was just something
there but if you click on this there is
a hidden compartment for your sunglasses
and it's actually padded up like inside
its got this little padding hey let's
see if my glasses actually fit in there
and there you go guys
two features you probably didn't know
about your Mustang which are pretty cool
to be honest I didn't know that it also
opens your passenger side window when
you do that unlock thing however there's
one more thing that a lot of you keep
asking me it's most show the engine of
your car wouldn't be super honest with
you I don't even know how to open the
front so I think we have to learn it
right now so I can show you my engine I
never thought I'd do this but I have to
actually get the manual to find out how
to open my hood like there's no but I
can't see anything in this car that
opens the hood like there's legit no
button I can't find anything in this car
like look around help me out guys what
is it this is for the boot this is my
sunglasses there's no more buttons like
what alright while we're doing that
though I can show you one more thing you
probably don't know about but they do
that that's an extra storage compartment
but I didn't want to show you because I
knew about it
I'm so selfish like that ah exactly is
that something for the hood I can't no
that's nothing all right let's see
owner's manual please please be very
simple okay oh my god guys midway
through recording my video look at where
bubbles is
he is so high up that tree and he has no
idea to get down please don't fall oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god
Oh slow least oh okay he's down why did
you go so high are you okay
I look look at the pieces of the tree
that fell don't do that you're gonna
hurt yourself one day I finally found
out how to open the hood I'll show you
why it's so impossible to see okay okay
tell me if you guys can see how to open
the hood it was so dark I can't wait now
that this doesn't even prove my point I
can't wait wait look at that when this
is closed and you're looking here you
can barely see anything in that corner
it's that thing in that corner when the
doors closed is so dark but when it's
open you can pretty much see it so let's
go ahead and pull it alright I finally
did it you have to put a bit harder so
do I need anything okay wait let's look
let's look where
here you go guys I finally managed to do
after like 10 minutes of playing around
that is what the engine looks like it
actually looks really really cool all
right so we have v8 let's see if we can
count it 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 so let's try
and get a better shot for you
there you go fourth down this side pork
them that side so I see a pretty big
engine when you look at it like wow but
yeah there you go that is the engine of
my car I've had an insane amount of
comments a more you dare show us the
engine and stuff like that so I finally
figured out how to open the boot not the
boot the bonnet and yeah that's how the
engine looks like I'm not sure if I just
completely missed this on the vlog or
did you guys see the whole time but
there's a letter on my car which says
two more I promise you like I did not
plant that there like was it there the
whole time which I was opening my boo
and I didn't see it I need to re-watch
the fridge what the hell I'm such an
idiot
regardless let's take it and open it up
inside I think I feel a coin in there
and a note maybe alright let's open this
letter and see what's inside it like
imagine if I missed it and drove off
with it that could have been a
possibility but I guess it was meant to
be do we have anything to open this
let's take a take a pen alright let's
open this bad boy and see what's inside
it so I was right because there is a
note and the coin
heimo my name is Audra I'm 16 years old
I'm from Russia and I live in the body
you and a couple of other youtubers
inspired me to do videos I don't know
why but every time I watch a mouse I get
motivated to create content oh ok so
apparently this is no longer produced in
Russia so it's like a limited edition No
and this is 5 rubles which is a coin
wish you the best of luck peace out
right a lot of money more thank you so
much Otto for bringing this by you
should have come and said hi like I
didn't even get to meet you but thank
you for the awesome money I'll
definitely add this into the collection
and yeah I've said item I'm Alana cos
they're like lungs upstairs my mum's
recording me hi mommy hi so we're
actually going to be rushing over to the
hospital now because for about a week my
sister's arm has been really hurting her
and we thought it'd go away but it
hasn't so we're gonna see what's up
hopefully nothing but it's better to
check because I don't think it's normal
for your arm to feel dead for a week you
ready to go to the doctors which arm is
it by the way
oh so you can open a door with the arm
so I this guy because we need to rush
over quickly only make sense dive speed
do this is for this is bring you such a
liar
I want to be speeding for you and then
I'll die from you because of stress come
to save your life here no you're just
doing this you want to try to save your
life yeah well if you drive safely I'll
be happier
let's just love it
I could take myself to the hospital
otherwise why distress sound because
when I Drive I'm worried about my right
hand on the steering wheel and yeah
alright so we're fine here not somewhere
my sister's new to she comes you all the
time so the reason I actually said it's
not something my sister's new to is
she's been here so many times without
anything being wrong with her and that's
why she's not new to this every time I
like okay look okay this time I feel
like touch with nothing's wrong again
but if this time nothing's wrong
whenever we're back this place has
actually got a really nice thing area I
saw I'm bored out of my mind how long
does it take in hospitals mom how long I
look at me I'm so bored I just want to
sleep I haven't been to a doctor like
two years my sister comes like every two
months
it's like she's thinking my doctor
duties into her own hands my sister's
taking way too long and I'm pretty much
starving so don't anything there is is a
vending machine and I'm gonna get myself
some crisps okay i want these ones
number 17 to Durham's please mommy guys
I don't have coins okay does it tell me
how much I put in yeah it does yes 1 7
enter
oh yeah we got it we got it oh how bad
it's actually pretty cold in there you
want it that is eleven Durham's mommy
doesn't want to pay eleven for that okay
me and my mom are now on the hunt to
find like a little coffee shop or
something because she didn't want a
little snack she wanted like a whole
meal we had no luck like legit there's
no coffee shop in here so I think I need
to go buy another pack EO crisps
I think finished so quick so my sister
finished her consultancy and basically
same thing man I don't even know what
consultancy me into beer Tamar she's
going in for an MRI scan now that's a
pretty big scan as I said touchwood
nothing happens and it's all okay and
it's some vehement problem or something
small but we're gonna have to see some
more so yeah I knew is let's go home
guys wrong car sorry my bad bra don't
talk to the car like that okay don't
talk to him like that
he may be dirty but he never said
anything about you let's go we've
actually come over to this place we used
to come every single week to play some
pool it's called Q club it's next to
lambda Plaza where is this area oh won't
you go to area
Fareeda by yeah but we used to come here
like all the time every single week so
what are we doing Lana he's looking at
picture she took my bones yesterday
look at it look what he does give you 6
on my leg and he poses like even posing
so you've decided to eat before you play
our pool but you know it's funny we're
about to connect to the internet and
guess what their password is it's the
number to 10 times what's that who would
want to type it yo I've never seen a hot
dog like that
guys this is legit a hot dog and it
comes so bad
okay so we got our drinks look at that
my mommy got a heart turn it turn it
around mama that's creepy
and there's my mummy okay and my brother
I can I'm here so go down below who you
think is gonna win Timo or team bottom
to be honest I am the bear pool player
all the excuses my wish of nowhere you
don't need to hit any power shots today
Oh
today she's got the easiest shot ever
man what is this boy's life I thought
you were gonna miss it for a second I'm
so obese I'm hearing another hot dogs
over there
obesity runs in me I'm legit playing
like an absolute retard today what's sad
is Lana might actually win she's gonna
get too confident and play bad where the
hell are you aiming for anymore
my sister tied her hair back to go all
serious mode on me okay watch me to ask
you shark you ready record me I bet you
people think I'm a professional cause
you're recording because this is behind
the back shot
oh it was such a good one
Lana's finishing the game on me she's
got one more strike ball and I've got
all of these three new dragons gonna win
they're just completely missed the ball
ah I junks do i jinxed you because
you're eating and you're pitching stop
eating so much how you do that how did
you do that
fine then I'm gonna be added to you
I can finish the
rematch pre-much I told you guys as soon
as I stopped the egg I cured you like
choose three balls out of me
three we are no excuses your arms not
working all excuses the excuses it's all
about the accuracy it's leaving your arm
high fine we're gonna go one more time
really for good luck guys guys guys this
is the worst one stripe and one spot
look at that that's pointless one of
each
no yeah once I hit one more and I can
choose my sisters asking me what
happened and I haven't told her till now
it was her turn and she told me to snap
a guess as she told me did the shot turn
out good you didn't even hit the
whiteboard you hit the red wall you hit
the hay please show the vlog please shut
of larga she had no idea until I told
her boy you just straight up smack the
red boy hey Brett look at that your life
is a good shot I don't know what you're
paying attention to Lana's had a miracle
comeback she's on her last ball
okay now she hits us she's actually
gonna be on the same wall oh oh oh my
god if you hit this we've drawn no no
damn so that's actually gonna be the
last game we play so the score is 1:1
she was so lucky that watch two shots to
be continued guys
ooh okay oh look at that cat guys Oh
cute look at the poor guy what's up man
that's chicken that's nice yeah there
you guys eating that on
yay likes the chicken I remind you of
bubbles stay here and eat this bud but
why could he hope you enjoy the food he
seems to just go back and forth between
them again now he's eating the normal
chicken look at him ah I love helping
cats out and they're adorable throw some
more for later there you go Oh a whole
leg isn't that a lot I don't worry it
looks like he's gonna eat it I loves it
all right there you go he gave me some
extra steam Oh anyways you guys are
gonna wrap up today's look here
hopefully you have enjoyed tomorrow's
gonna be a big hectic day as my sister
is gonna go for MRI scan today we
actually went in for an emergency
appointment cuz I reckoned it was a week
and it was actually starting to hurt
more more more like okay she needs to go
as soon as possible so
touchwood two more nothing serious is
going on hopefully it's just something
small like a lack of vitamins or
something you know tiny and nothing
serious is going on but you never know
so that's why we had to get it checked
up as soon as possible and we see you
then and yeah I Ellie Oh No bye
