before you start watching today's vlog
actually say Happy New Year's and I hope
you all have a great 2016
that being said today's vlog is going to
be awesome and I hope you enjoy we did
some cool thing today pshh
good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog so today I'm going to try
something different and I think you guys
will enjoy it so my sister has my old
camera as you can see and she's gonna be
vlogging half the day on her perspective
because I'm staying at home and going
out with Linden and she's gonna go check
the pure boxes do stuff like that so
I've given her the camera hopefully
she's gonna record some stuff for you
guys and you enjoy it I'll try my best
I can't guide you but like where I'm
supposed to hold it because you can't
see yourself with this one so you have
to hold it and just
yes by the way my mum is also going my
sister so it's going to be like two
girls blogging on one side and then two
guys logging on the other anyways see
you later mummy bye bye hey
so Midland and I actually prepared today
he's going to be here in like 20 minutes
and we're gonna do some like war
activities go everything ready you know
the GoPro with the selfie stick and yeah
pretty much it just an extra battery for
the vlog camera so let's go and have
some fun and we're tip toe in the math
flip flops weird question the cream I
used to make these popsicle sticks is
expired and so is the milk so does that
mean these are expired - I don't know
I'm just gonna have it anyways but
they's good I don't know I I don't know
he's so grumpy he just woke up he's so
grumpy
what's wrong bubbles bubbles is angry at
no one's home I know they left me - so
guys today we're about to go to the post
office but we just checked on the phone
because I we saw we received a parcel
apparently and
from somewhere else but seems like the
post offices are closed now so
unfortunately even though I was about to
blog that it's actually not possible now
so we're going to go instead do some
work we have some stuff to do and then
afterwards we're going to have to do buy
more I'm not sure if I'm going to do any
shopping but if I do I will blog that
and I hope you guys enjoy it
sorry it's like a last-minute change of
plans but let's see that's life better
get going with it all right guys this is
such a beautiful Ferrari look at the
word it's amazing right alright I would
Linda and we're about to go do some more
sports right now in the world did I make
sense I said I said I'm um with that so
bad matter
hey let's go and have some fun we're in
Georgia right now or we're about to be
there time's dinner enjoyment and we are
charging erection so guys we finally
made it over here at the jet ski place
we ended up getting two super charged
ones then convinced me they are so much
faster so in charge I'm Samantha to go
for we're gonna go on the war and let's
just go pay off over there yo it's so
sunny all right let's go
Malinda just finished jet skiing it was
bad like bad oh my god like I read I'm
happy that he made me go for the Viterbo
ever that was
turbo yeah my second overtime legal so
no something strong that's funny lawyer
it was mad like we were there for an
hour my batch of the GoPro ran out by as
soon as it right now I was going my
foster cuz you know when I was on it
like I had imaging my legs or the
bouncing I'm waiting
put it made a perfect angle like at the
end this guy was like what is it here
this guy didn't tell we've ended to the
celery so my shred out like I'm gonna
use that technique for every single time
they also cribbing put in the lifejacket
Jani would have a new straight perfect
angle of leg next time next time hit the
light run if you like that I'm not sure
how I'm gonna do it I'll try my bed
Adonis mom Gail be awesome like 4/5 jet
100 jet ski school just get them hand oh
yeah come back yeah
traveler my mind
we just finished in divine one and you
know what I totally forgot to vlog it's
so embarrassing to say this but I'm
actually not used to it so I don't be
forgotten like my brothers OSU doing
this a lot and it's like everywhere he
goes you ready no yeah we can't go so
yeah I totally forgot to plug in the
morn and we're just going hold up oh
yeah you know what I bought actually I
am a big fan of honey I love honey so
much like I'm addicted to honey actually
I have it every single day and I look
for the best like most purest ones today
I found a place in the middle of the
mall that was selling it I could show
you let me get out and buy again this is
like really pure so I'm going to try it
then
we'll see how it tastes like but yeah I
really look for the most pure honey
anywhere I can get
I don't
all right so we just stopped by the
supermarket to get bubbles and Keaney
some food and I don't know my mom's
already gone ahead of me Sasha's get out
okay so trying to find bubbles and kings
favorite
the chicken keys one else mommy which
ones do they like okay and that's right
yeah
oh you guys we're home now ah oh my gosh
I hit my brother's camera so badly he's
gonna kill me
alright we're home now and we did some
shopping for bubbles
kitty ourselves one second sorry I
dropped something
okay um what is it recording yeah it's
recording I'm so bad at this vlogging
thing mama
quick so we're just unpacking everything
out of the car what is this place not
for me but I'm so scared like I can't
walk too many things with the camera um
yeah okay we're gonna feed kitty and
bubbles and after that we're going to
take them into the garden for a walk
we have to supervise them for now
because we there's two outside cats
which really like to attack them so
we're afraid to do that just yet because
they're still babies once I think guys I
need to UM
I'm a I need to lock it okay I don't
know how my brother does this it is so
difficult bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly
liquid leave his necklace look he's just
stretching right now we have to put the
necklace on one time we where's Kimmy oh
there's kitty kitty good morning or
actually good evening you're always no
cutie cutie Lakeisha all right now they
got their little necklaces on that's a
great way to end the year with subjet
see you know what I mean
perfect eyes you had a good time
I was amazing that was good it's going
to go chill with his family and I'm
gonna go chew with my family so I think
today we had a good balance of New
Year's we ended the year correctly like
what do you mean hopefully my aiming for
my collection for New Year's go
stay alive you know what literally
question on you why is your in here
that's Alicia
then our dad see I just split our did he
a better pilot really like nice guy no
like in in a way to like study harder
okay get my exams finished
good morning passengers language guys
I'm gonna head off and Linden's gonna
head off his way
good seeing you today spudley boomer and
yes continue the rest of log peace huh
implicit targets and I look like a
complete mess I cannot go out like this
on New Year's hello are you guys going
out now or have you already been are you
finished
alright this is still do anything else
I'll try start over okay that's the
reason why her part of the block off you
know so fun you ready jet skiing one of
the guys in the jet skis recognized me
get a little action war at me and I was
like why these magical ro 3 let me care
what who's I I know you from the you
channel yo sup oh please say hi hi hi ok
let me go run a bit high
sorry come here come here say hard to me
like it uh I need to take a shower I'm
exhausted
look at bubbles right now he's like look
at his body
oh the good boy happy new years
hello your your squad happy new years
till you happy new years to you happy
lane yeah God happy new years everybody
I hope you're all having an amazing day
obviously I just changed up into my
fancy gear we're about to go out and see
some of the amazing fireworks they have
and yeah you guys are coming along with
us so come enjoy the day the first hop
has already been amazing I and yeah
the second off of me just as good
Michael before we go out though we're
gonna take a quick family poll but look
at this kitty yeah dead asleep or she
was opposed with our life we're gonna
have to pose for the value for with key
like yo I don't think she's moving I
don't think she was the budge kitty are
you ready to take a family photo oh look
at her she's like I don't like New
Year's New Year's is not my day
baby girl you're so damn find oh I'm a
duck butter butter butter
Oh Oh number all wait y'all I just
showed them I'm wearing my flip-flops in
my George I don't even want to go out
for New Year's anymore guys I've been
here taking photos for an hour a flippin
hour
who does this there's like a thousand
photos you're gonna see one of them on
into the ground one not enough lighting
in your pictures you need to come close
now I know why they made me wear this so
I can look like a camera man I'll have
an excuse a day Riya don't I'm just the
cameraman tag along
this is ridiculous hashtag stop Lana
2016 okay you give me give me please you
need to take it a flash down close
everything okay okay I'll do everything
I'll do everything but the vlog has to
see how many I'm taking we have the
photo shoot okay you ready
okay don't worry I'm three two one okay
oh I need to know to your moment cuz I
feel like I'm going to go to you see the
type of instructions I get guys you see
this I'm vlog know the blog has to see
how much dry lipstick okay okay here you
go
32 on guys if you don't see these on
Instagram you know why cuz they're all
bent aviod argue another two bonus ones
there you go are they good that was the
bonus one that was the vote is on I
don't know why this glass is not good
with this camera how can I control your
camera guys I'm so glad that I'm not
someone that enjoys New Year's cuz they
would ruin it for me
how do I take a good picture how's your
selfies going much better obviously I
don't know why you know it's completely
desperate when you stand next to a lamp
to take for you're standing next to that
okay so guys we're about to head off to
go see the fireworks I don't think we're
gonna make it I don't think we're
actually gonna make it my sister
modified her outfit approved let's go
are you ready let's go yeah
so guys I'm at home now finally it's
been such a long day there were some
amazing firework shows going on I was
just at the beach so I'm you got to see
one but if you're wondering why there's
probably a couple in the video it's
because I might just go ahead and take
some from like videos here and there and
just collab them into one so you kind of
see all of the firework shows that went
on and Dubai also I want to say I did
get a couple tweets and messages on my
youtube video saying oh there's a fire
on the building and Dubai and basically
you guys are asking if I'm fine thank
you so much for asking I heard there was
a little situation going on but they
resolved it which was good and the
firework show still went on which is
amazing you could still see the
spectacular show anyways I hope you guys
had a great New Year's I don't around
alone too much there has been such an
eventful day and yeah if you did enjoy
2015 let me know what your best things
where you did this year I think the best
thing I did was stay committed to
YouTube because you guys really have
changed my life like it's just amazing
to have so many if you support the
channel and yeah hopefully 2016 will be
an amazing year for the yo-yo squad
anyways I'll see you guys next year good
boy
