no you flank me yeah I'm gonna get you
yeah yo good morning everyone welcome
back to another vlog how are you doing
so we're starting out today's blog in
the car and look what we have next to us
Bugatti there is a carbon-fiber Bugatti
being towed away like you so I'm not
sure if you remember that Bugatti this
is the same Bugatti that was in the
thumbnail of my most famous video 50
million views like rise and shine
everyone how are you doing welcome back
so right now we are actually driving
over to the Tesla showroom because today
they're giving me a Tesla for a day yeah
I know this is super random and stuff
but I'm literally just getting a free
car for a day all right so right now we
just made it over here to the Tesla
showroom and oh my god this is the
quickest car in the world
okay I know it might not look like it
but this over here goes 0 to 100 in 2.5
seconds I mean this is the fastest car
in the world what I love about every
Tesla is the dash like this has the
biggest screen I've ever seen on a car
and what's even cooler guys look you can
drag and drop stuff look boom what hi
guys so we are back home right now with
the Tesla as you can see the thing is
right now we are actually you're heading
back over to the vid dxb event where all
the youtubers are but my sister's gonna
go for a ride in a Tesla with me ready
we're going with this yeah we're going
with this
it's the fastest acceleration in the
world yeah my sister is admiring the
wood finish they have in you
- son - iPads so my favorite thing is my
god no you could drag and drop stuff
what yeah it's so cool it's a you can
just drop the camera there bulb are you
ready yeah three two one this
acceleration in the world that's crazy
right this is the fastest acceleration
in the world how is that possible what
do they have in their engine I don't
even have energy they don't even have an
engine it's electric how can the
electric be so fast the guy that makes
Tesla's he is the guy that makes
spaceships exactly I knew there was
something then shout out my god
Elon Musk anyways we are inside the
Tesla right now we're going to an event
my sister actually has a me angry today
not me so meet and greet me I agree we
agree we agree
so now that we're here at the event look
who else this year hey we got I said
well how are you I'm good I'm good have
you realized something check this out
guys me and play with these YouTube
girls you already know I don't Marius 2k
18 know me and ananna have a name
it's good man Anna you are Renee have a
name even in on a holiday the thing is
right now I'm actually heading out of
here as good as it is to see her son we
rarely see around this little I love you
bro guys I told you it's cuz I'm not in
a million yet hey what's up how are you
gonna be in my blog yes I do
hey hey come on my blog come next time
this happened so I need you I need to
interview you for my blog come here hi
guys my name is Sandra I just had the
huge honor and unfortunately to meet
them guys she's a singer so you know you
just want adventure and you will just
making sure
Wow my turn you know it's funny I just
matter right now
yeah apparently she's one of my YouTube
friends is sister yeah yeah I was in
Spain and I had no idea yeah and he told
me all about you
yeah shout at your brother Maui he's
also youtuber guys I love you I love you
too yeah
we are out guys listen yo yo your squad
I love you guys but like when you meet
me a real life like stop telling me
about my eyebrows I need to do this for
you one second what are you doing for me
are you are you gonna give me a butt
warmer or something oh you're gonna give
me a massage a few moments later
okay so right now I'm your wash it just
made in here guys and check it out
what's up
besides some bags guys shout out to
everybody who came right now we just
finished our new bakery guys I look
through you have my shoulders back have
you made bad working hard he's actually
doing some video stuff what is it for so
it's like gonna be like a Irving
channeling the boy he has a channel now
there you've got like a professional
camera over there guys hey anyways right
now we're gonna go around we're gonna go
look around and see some ranae are you
ready to stop right now we're going
around checking everything out the first
base we're coming to this place is like
where they resell everything like Easy's
and stuff like this let's go check it
out guys so we just came okay so we came
to the shop it's like a reselling place
where they sell Yeezys and stuff and I
just saw my bag here yo are you trying
to resell my bag yeah anyways guys they
have some diamond encrusted Yeezys over
here or Swarovski encrusted yo are these
yourself yeah yeah how much are they
treating keep okay let's put it back but
they look amazing where are these actual
gold ones go play it bro that is heavy
yo this is the sickest thing I've ever
seen guys so they have gold encrusted
Easy's seroff skis I mean and a move
looks back and it's signed bro resale
value and other and it's more expensive
it's more expensive now yeah
yo did you see those shoes bro Goldie's
easy goal disease diabetes like all guys
what is that
yeah what
guys we're driving and this is the
coolest thing I've ever seen in my life
what that is so cool
yo that is insane I've never seen
something like that in my life
hi so I am finally back home right now
what a hectic day it has been it so
here's the thing right now I'm actually
heading straight back out no one is such
a crazy day you don't even know what
you've done but like I've tried I've
been living like it again so check it
out right now I just met up with my
friend durian guys on the vlog I think
you've seen her before right many times
many many times guys basically right now
we're gonna go out and be out with our
other friends renamed Mumbai's as well
we're kind of chilling it's like
tomorrow's her lost a here in Dubai
yeah I don't want to go back to Sweden I
hate leaving guys I told her like she
could stay here she can vlog with me
anyways we're just relaxing here guys
right now we're about to go eat or
something I don't know we're really
gonna do but we're just like enjoying
the time
yeah no no no maybe oh my god this is so
amazing yo alright so we just made it
been badges here Renee's your guys look
at this amazing food okay so I'm not
sure if you remember this a couple of
days ago I pranked Renee and Ben bass
how is your life after the prank are you
guys work effort you know why were you
so aggressive I don't know you could
have died for your phone I guess I don't
know in this situation so never know
what you're gonna do yeah what's inside
your phone give me your phone we need to
see because I mean I'm taller than them
no your prank me yeah I'm gonna get you
super character I'm gonna get you so bad
you're laughing huh that's a game no
they game what game but it's to do with
Renee give us two minutes on your phone
listen like this video and I read
Renee's Instagram DMS yeah yeah yeah min
bars yours too
a fake account with your name has four
point five million four point five
million he's so big bro I don't they're
stealing your face if you moments later
our boys so I am finally back home right
now as always make sure to smash the
like button subscribe if you new around
here and I'll see you guys tomorrow yeah
oh no
