oh oh oh okay
what was what are you doing don't be
ashamed of wearing glasses just to cover
up the eyebrows it's never a bad
good morning Stan yours they're probably
wondering moe why'd you look so amazing
today I know that is the first question
that came into your head nothing else
and the reason is today I'm gonna be
doing my sister's makeup most style by
the way guys kitty has started coming
out recently look at her that's kitty
and there's bubbles Kitty's just scared
of anyone like who walks up to her look
at her kitty I'm the same person inside
what is she doing
look who's back out oh no she's back in
watch this are you ready come outside
and look at kitty please I just want to
show you what your daughter does your
little kitten door Hey look kitty kitty
kitty what the hell is a problem hi guys
today my brother decided to do my makeup
if you guys can use this channel you
probably don't know that I want the best
makeup artists in the world so my sister
told me your mole please do my
Hey and I was like signore law is always
ready for the job so I personally went
and picked up some of my favorite pieces
in the makeup and I'm going to be using
this as a way to show you how skilled I
am so at the end of this video if you do
want to book me in for makeup sessions
yeah I leave my pure box and you can
send the payments and maybe I'll fly out
to you under your makeup - so I'm going
to be changing the game every time
actually makeup videos on YouTube
they're always the same same thing
this map bar got a couple techniques
that have been unseen to the world so
far and that's okay okay we're going to
be using this time Foundation and since
I'm obviously this is my skin tone as my
sisters so we're gonna be using this one
because she's a bit darker than me as
you can see so ya know you're darker
than me can obviously see I'm white and
you're brown okay okay what's wrong with
it
can I use this on your face supposed to
be for the right color on my face like
you know what we'll use the right put
the right color on your face how'd you
do it this is how you do it
is that enough yeah that seems good okay
so what you're gonna do AG they don't
want to see you they wanted to see me so
you're gonna just want to you know flick
it around the hand and now you just
apply it to the skin okay okay we're
just gonna start dabbing it on on the
sides there we go we need to cover
everything close your eyes don't open we
need a bit of it's like okay there we go
there you see not bad we're getting
there
now just try to use fall you half as you
don't waste it
close the eyes back to the island and
you're gonna tell me blind now wow I
never knew I had so much talent this is
the best thing I've ever again we need
to go on the other side the way you're
gonna do is you want to blend this into
the face okay now she looks whiter than
she actually is and okay this is how you
make yourself a light skinned
mix them with the other foundation one
just there to make it correct okay okay
you should put off my neck - wait you
what I'm the makeup artist the
managerial look we don't need the
necklace foundations just the brush will
do its job
foundation like okay are you done is
more than eight euros that's our
contoured look so weird so step one is
complete guys my neck moment don't worry
about the no because we have two-tone
faces now yet so much difference there
you go across my jawline mom obviously
here are you happy now I get much better
babies okay now the next thing we're
going to use is this Chanel pencil okay
ways this we use the dried rose I need a
pencil my sisters upstairs because she
actually forgot to bring a couple of
pieces
she needs the pencil because as you guys
know you see the thicker the eyebrow the
barren look so we need to get her more
like this and less of what she is
because that that's not good trust me
this this is the thing right now
like we're moving on to the most
important part of a good-looking page
first and then the is why no no trust me
so you didn't want to use this and
you're not supposed to make my eyebrows
look completely different
okay I'm okay you're supposed to make it
natural like just ah just support our
just end look we already are having a
much nicer end of to diagram so the
problem with my sister's eyebrows is
they are not good enough you're gonna
mess up the eyebrows really happy about
it you know doing is wrong
hey Shh everybody trusts the big onion
it's already done I might as well go
back to look if you like that Potter's
coming on my face now that are you in
the news okay so now we're gonna can we
happen you see that part was because
you've moved that top top I have your
hair love it you know since I would walk
with the outside light face I'm gonna
understand you okay there's no more like
this okay
you are 20 put in your mind in there to
be honest I still have much thicker so
you're not even up to my level yet okay
now we need to get your right away so
I'm gonna try and draw a shape I need a
KZ this is for artistics
did you see that even in a please please
close up close up guys that look at this
that is how you pull a perfect pair of
eyebrows okay we're just going to stay
here at this angle so that everyone can
see what we're doing now all you're
gonna want to do is color in and make
sure the shape is the same sprocket
thank you okay no we need to hair out
the way okay now I've always had the
obligee makeup on your face like this
idea that if you have interlocking
eyebrows at a weird shape okay Lily wait
wait now we just have X Y all and now we
just fill in this color and you have
like this triangle in the middle okay
okay we're done we're almost done now
this isn't how you didn't even do proper
me like this networks time
this is our trying new fashion trends
they now we need to fill the inside
under business that's not cool that's
actually very nice I don't know what
you're complaining about
you know you we actually look related
now look at the camera
mommy this is a joke we look related
damn I've always thought this okay close
your mouth actually do I only do one
side one side of club side then you
close it okay do you know how my face
looks I get anybody wants it once they
wants it okay there we go we're gonna
draw it okay that is the first line
don't worry we'll turn out good no bad
not bad oh and now shout out to Miranda
because she told me in this technique we
want to make your lips look bigger than
they actually are you see this is good
trust me when I say it looks really good
I know I can you messed up that one okay
you're you know okay yeah okay yeah yeah
walking's now the final step left in
this makeup to decision the virus that
is conquering guys I guess contrary
finalists a final step now contouring is
a major part when it comes to makeup and
every girl in the world knows this okay
which one this one
okay chubby stick can I just put this
straight onto your face I think you're
now contouring you're gonna want to draw
weird patterns
girls will think you're doing a better
job okay so then we have the X shape
okay something like that and then this
side are gonna be like funky with like I
don't know like a swirl and a swirl
there and this world thing I mean now or
you're gonna want to do my eye makeup
we've done eyes no you never did the
eyebrows I makeup now what you want to
do is you're just gonna do that
something like that okay oh yeah it's
not blending that well that's okay
and now we do that there we go that's
good
yes it's turning out good it's turning
out very good the way on second remember
this is my eye that you're poking our
coughs I assess there and say oh we have
our finished look
from the moblins collection so business
inquiries Pio boxes down below
look at the camera we have our final
look I can wait I not fixed I not don't
be ashamed of wearing glasses just to
cover up the eyebrows it's never a bad
so there you go guys I think we did a
pretty decent job there I mean look look
let's swap the glasses it's kind of like
we're interchanging as a person so if
you like my makeup so hit the like
button and I'll be doing more of these
in the future on the mold blogs channel
I think I did a pretty good job with my
sister Lana to be honest I think she
went from looking like a 3 out of 10 to
about an 8 the only reason they she
didn't let me do what I wanted to do
exactly maybe you could have added like
some cool you know designs but yeah
that's been that I'm gonna continue the
rest of the vlog today and hopefully you
enjoyed this section they
that is the no you do famous are you
ariana grande little small I'm
gonna put our gamma space right here not
you the other cat came to attack our
class where they were they bring up a
situation trying to help this is the
best time for a situation like this that
happened trust me look at him annual run
away
look at him annual run away look at him
he's scared of you be scared of your
face there you go
that a boy
I can't look at that uh what are you
doing look he going knees before the
neighbors get scared I'm just wondering
is this Corvette modified it looked like
an Aventador in the front what is that
Oh Oh
the baby's following it
what's this so in the middle of the
revival ice cream they brought loads of
these like Christmas East and as you can
see like people are I staying and around
and they're just loads of stands but
yeah basically all of the stands are
selling something different I even sort
of got cellophane cakes right there so
laughing is the music in everyone's game
okay wanna go
like some souvenirs well that's pretty
nice too like a whole decorating area
good device no fence I've coming to this
Sport Shop and they have loads of cool
skateboards like I mean these are nice
but wait until I show you look at these
they run like these glass pedi boards
and it's super super heavy did you see
that that's not even the only thing they
have way they put that back they've got
like a camo type of glass one I don't
know is that Jamaican flag her way is
you know there are all of the funkiest
designs you guys
they're hard workout
oh oh kill em oh oh come on yeah yeah
buddy
oh you flip this half okay
yo your
he's going breakdancing in the eyes
that's matter yo he's killing me he's
killing him and he means an applaud
after that who did he just do the split
he just did the split
slow down the day Lyndon asked me at red
lights do you actually floor it more and
most the time I don't really floor it so
I want to floor it for you guys now so
you can actually hear the sound of it
but obviously I'm just going to the
speed limit guys don't worry please
don't like rant at me in the comment
section
that's how it sounds if you guys wanted
to know all right there you go that's
how it sounds I'm home right now I
quickly wanted to mention something
because I did get a comment like this
and I know there's probably a few and I
was people saying more just hurry up and
buy the Mustang or any now I want to say
this because even if I did buy the
Mustang right now today or in a week
time I'd still get it at the same time
because the next batch of 2016 Mustangs
is coming in I think end of January so
even if I buy it right now or in two
weeks time I still have to wait for the
car tax you get here so that's why I'm
taking my time with things and looking
around and explore I'll say my computer
right there you can see it's open and
someone emailed me saying mol why don't
you wait till a Dubai shopping vessel
which is like in a week or something
do they have core cells in the bishopric
festival I didn't know they did someone
apparently told me they do so that's why
I'm asking you guys because I never do
that anyways I've been talking too much
hopefully you guys enjoyed today's vlog
if you did I'll see you guys later
the others are you oh Lord
