yo yo yo everybody welcome to another
vlog I'm currently just gonna drop my
mom off to meet some of her friends and
I think I might meet up with Linden
myself today so let's get started with
today's vlog leggo I might be lending
liver what what did I just say for the
past two days I've been kind of busy
sorting out the car thing today I swear
I woke up first thing I did I was
checking my email really wants an email
from them like saying let's go let's go
but I still haven't had one so I know
it's not even been like a whole day yet
I just dropped off my mom and I just
drove by our old house I've discovered
and I just wanted to see like who's in
there and you guys ever do that I just
saw over there that's where is it studio
gates mice or like for Oh Drive cars
there so there is someone in the house
though someone's living in the house you
guys ever do that with like the places
you used to live just go check see
what's up I know he chose a right but
you're kind of a bonus is a parameter
way
my mom is out right now as you guys know
because I dropped her off and I swear I
can't even turn on a stove like I was
looking I was playing around with this
stuff and it just it doesn't turn on it
just doesn't seem to turn on so instead
I'm just gonna microwave it yeah I know
it's so bad I can't even cook for myself
there you go
let's just put it in there I'm just
riding around on my sleigh gray I think
it's actually out of charge but look who
showed up
and lyndon's back limo there's a fan
page your team go alright basically we
were kind of struggling of where to pick
and Lyndon told me there's a place
called other way and a Weir and there's
loads of exotic cars I mean nice cars
cool cars modded cars and at first I was
a bit hesitant because we've done like
two days of car rolls but you guys
actually come here a lot for the car
look so let's go check it out okay my
snapchat here follow me
I take votes on there all the time and
then your tower battery
I've always wondered to see what happens
when it completely die if you chop you
oh so that was pretty running guys as
soon as you came to leave my mom also
got home but look at the drive right now
okay we have the Lambo then we have the
Range Rover and behind that we have
Linden's car dance under imagine having
another car like right there like it
must I don't even think good fit anyways
let's go and go to this amazing car
place we just got here and it's like
this huge place with loads of cars like
everywhere you know I mean and this is a
6x6 we just saw look at that in 16 yeah
I know so that's it
but seriously guys look at the size of
this car compared to your regular car
like it would eat it it could literally
eat this car alright there's we go okay
okay there's regarded yo yo yo boys we
made it we made it to the Dream Land
we legit made it how much you reckon
this is how much is the Bugatti 4.5 not
I thought it'd be a bit more you know
yeah it's like a special yo this race
actually has some dope cars you know I
actually wanted a fourth is that 430
right I think that looks like a special
model I don't think that's a regular it
definitely looks pimped out you know I
mean they are they open I think they
open nothing I don't have to try
anything in it you reckon Thanks let's
see okay yeah this car doesn't seem to
have that okay no it's not yeah Linda
just said this is the car he would buy
if you had the money you know I actually
don't like this car I know I'm really
hatred I don't know why I know I like it
but not for the price day you know I
mean
it would all money I'd get this car I'd
yeah I've got an Avenger I don't know
favorite this is an SVU know that
anyways this is the closest I've ever
been to
a Bugatti without a rope being around it
last time I saw this car there was a
rope around it you know I mean yo look
at the engine
hashtag cargoes Linden actually wants to
see the Mustang but we can't find it but
we just saw this showroom and we walked
in this is seriously some sort of car
girls imagine you have your like two
bodyguards in your Aventadors and then
you're in the back with the Bugatti what
was your favorite in their home Lee
dependently really another 6x6 okay I'll
say I said first stop was actually a big
success we found some dope and beautiful
Bugattis Bugattis you found the Bugattis
in the first stop all right let's let's
move to another spot I mean I don't like
little cars like yeah Linden loves his
4x4 is that's why he's it they're like
the desert life the desert safari all
right let's look for the Mustangs
because Linden actually hasn't seen it
anyone check it out
time for Linden to see the Mustang let's
see how he likes it
you like it like it or mediocre like it
oh wow wow hey haver it's not yeah I
know what you mean
ok we're here let's look at the yellow
one over there this is the yellow one
it's more standout I think not like I
think I should just add stripes to my
Mustang this is the same one no I know
but this is more the edgier I will get
this chrome blue with the white stripe
oh my god perfect this is the exact
color of what I was gonna get the black
a full black Mustang I'm gonna blacken
the Rings out everything I mean exactly
like this like Batmobile type of thing
you know I prefer to help your fur the
Hellcat I don't know I think this looks
so mean like look at it no it's nice
it's like I know it's just no your
preference
so they actually opened the door to this
store I love this Connor oh the orange
the black rings the interior also
matches you know I mean as interior red
no I think it's the same color
you know spectacular you know whose
Lambo looks like this
ksi he had the exact same one doesn't he
nice right there nice complete he
wrapped it is this good or oh so raw so
Mars car you know I mean I look for
instance our jury okay anyways I think
we've taken a look at so many excite
cars today that I feel bad
yeah I just arrived home I dropped off
the car and we're gonna go with Linden's
Carstairs my sister washed the Lambo I
think when I wasn't there
alright let's go let's go let's go you
ready in this car the lighting is so
much better
what how did interesting it's perfect
yeah but um what I'm gonna say
completely forgot but your car smells so
good when I coming it it's got this
permanent slide you have a car smell
anything like them good smelling things
in the car no it's just got this like I
think it might be yeah it's legit the
actual smell of the car I never thought
that really I smell a seat belt all the
way it's actually the set of the car to
see our phenomenal JC
the other day I swear Judah's I still
reporting on
feels good mama don't like you she likes
everyone and I never like to admit that
I was wrong if you like the way you look
at English okay you should go outdoors
that's me based on shoes we've come to
verge of city centre for a quick bite
we're gonna eat a PF Changs you know the
regular spot they've got an awesome roof
over here though it looks so nice like
check this out yo and they're giving
away two cars if you're I cannot give
you away am I just making this up again
I don't think they're giving away it's
just a test-drive
I do all this for you
yeah major success tool they don't want
you to have you jigs they don't want you
to be good we just finished eating a me
and Linda are back looking at some
watching by hair there is not bad why do
you always look at stuff that's the
watch in question guys the one at the
top so same company is just a more
luxury one so this one is 2.6 something
yes thousand six hundred okay
this is the one that Lyndon Mike's it's
like a Hublot designed wonders well
that's pretty nice I never knew GC is
the same company as yes but it's a
luxury brand skylight Toyota and Lexus
no it is - it's a nexus yeah yeah it's a
Lexus
that's why I'll surely call and the lady
was looking at me weird like what is
this guys doing now it is to life I know
that's I'm saying like where's the rest
of you know I mean binden is searching
for this very specific phone case that
he wants maybe we'll find it who knows
another what you're looking for they
might send it to my cure box and I go at
you there okay right it's like this like
Dubai but it's like black and this
edition in blue also you don't with
other eye so you want to come to yours
no I'm like this your this like this but
you already have this you know but not
the Biden send out I was like oh okay so
you want like a good like contrast
oh we're about to take Bruno for a walk
are you ready buddy are you ready you
sat down look he news going for the walk
Thank You anybody wanted on is he ready
for a walk now he's ready can I hold it
oh the plastic bag the leash he's
pulling me come on Bruno this way this
way was it trying to find his spot how
many times does he pee no no he doesn't
he doesn't be my way yeah I know what is
that for though I have no idea if he's a
pretend be a man being Wow apparently
Lyndon told me Bruno likes to poo in the
rocks to make it harder to pick up the
water you'll spread the glue around oh
my god Bruna how could you do that
Savage engine yep these are flashlights
search searching destroy what stinks
stinks I'm not even dressed this is what
it's like when a car is supplying your
vlog like that it looks so cool right
real ending actually heading back out I
swear we keep on going everywhere today
we came inside his house for a while and
now we're heading off to have some try
and Armani chips I swear oh we have a
car wash first working at the car we're
gonna go into that after this car look
at it I'm not sure if you guys can
remember when we did this in London it
was super scary I swear I thought I was
gonna coming out look they're showering
his car down with rain with red okay
okay your noises I see shadows yeah to
be honest this is so much like in London
they get super close to your car like
here look at it it's not even getting
close to the car you know I mean did you
see my video in London yeah I did yeah
that stuff was like mmm it was this
close to our window I'm not saying it's
dangerous or anything cuz I'm pretty
sure it works out very good in London
but it seems scary when you're sitting
there first time and there's something
this close to you where I thought I was
just gonna come just straight through
the cards just hit us all oh that's nice
of him he's yeah he's very nice the
person here is actually washing it
himself as well as the machine because
it has my car that there's you I have to
tip them and it's kind of background oh
that's our complete view gone well
that's great
it kind of looks like pigeon dumped you
nothing
yeah I've been what the hell more bird
TT it's yellow
nice is so cool we made it to London
boys we made it to London we came to
another shopping centers who like the
horror Center or something
Linda's bakit looking at his phone cater
they got a couple cool ones look at this
The Hulk spider-man good bigger
selection here did you find what you
wanted okay did you find anything no boo
what did you find anything
Oh
so back at our favorite spot that has
little money chips I'm with Lyndon and
his friend Aditya
hello and yeah we're just relaxing here
having our own monitors I've had like
two and I've got so many snacks in my
pocket I need to just have it one at a
time but trust me it does taste
delicious I mean even Lyndon said he
found out about this place from a
blogger right so you guys might find out
about it from me it's a MEMS that
somewhere like to search the back roads
you'll find it somewhere and yeah try it
out it does taste nice I'm not sure how
effective oh if you guys have allergies
to spices it's kind of spicy so beware
yeah Indians really like you said voice
in the Sala in there yeah cause like the
masala kicks in when you bite the chest
really it just tastes better
we have hot sauce yeah where you say
this in the sadhus I'll never use hot
sauce Oh sandwiches always muscle I
believe yeah but I understand believe
any ways that has been an eventful day
guys Linda's just dropping me off okay
okay look at the time right now 22 past
midnight
it's actually really Leia we didn't even
realize it we're having such a good you
know time flies that are having fun
I can give me a kid kid this is it has a
good kick to it
yeah gonna go inside to wrap up the road
it's actually kind of late I hope
everyone's not asleep and yeah we'll see
you guys tomorrow or after tomorrow for
another vlog with Linden hopefully just
see how he's going Tim limit
