lie on lie and hey everybody welcome to
another vlog what what's wrong they get
him this suntanning here living life
living that lion type of life that you
wanted to my mum bro bubbles a pillow
idea he completely random he leg dear we
burning in the shade for maybe we'll
sleep there for you worry something we
brought you a little blanket smelling it
is I
it's a despite one from inside ah I know
get it he's left thought it anyways I'm
just relaxing today as you can see just
chilling with my boy bubbles did he
sleep ahaha let's take a romantic
picture I was there you go so for the
past few days I've been hanging out with
Linden a lot but today there you go Lana
is back in the vlog if you want her to
stay I need that I need the like button
being here right I'm joking guys but
yeah she's coming she's gonna check out
the cars I think the first place I'm
gonna take her is Mercedes because she's
already seen the Mustang a lot from
before but she just kind of confused
which Mercedes I picked so it's gonna be
her first time to see that I think we
should head there first and then if she
actually does like the Mercedes we could
try and move forward with both to see it
we need to see their availability today
we need to do more of the technical
stuff today yeah the car is hideous guys
it's been raining for the past couple of
days like look at her close-up
so I will do that layer it's not it's
not a rush it's really bad yeah it looks
disgusting better they can see there
trust me they can see right now yeah in
real life it looks worse than the vlog
this is a white event
that's my best friend that's my best
friend that's my best friend test my
name is right now he's not we just got
two Mercedes this is the c-class I like
my sister's taking a look around it but
I think she might want something a bit
more edgy so let's first sit in here
I think the interior looks amazing but
the exterior is a bit too
family-friendly for me you know I mean
the interior is nice though yeah flips
up with a cup holder and that is just
your compartment the interior is nice
okay now just have this in mind before
we look at the other car it's like the
Mustangs and stuff okay okay and it has
back seats don't forget about that sir
okay we're going to look around at some
of the used cars now and then go to
Mustang after that see that g wagon over
there 540,000 it looks so nice inside it
don't you guys sit inside it comes to
inside it comes inside
okay my sister likes the CLS I see
inside it I see how it looks this is how
it looks on the outside this is normally
the type of cars when me and my sister
like they look like much edge here thank
you I'm gonna go sit in the driver's
seat it looks nice and you come sit over
there I actually really like this this
doesn't look nice so a pre-owned one of
this is around three hundred thousand
guys and it's 2015
it's nice right
it doesn't look amazing okay that is a
CLS anyways I'm going to close the door
that's actually decent for 2015 have you
seen the interior on this one go sit
inside it trust me this is v8 luxury
trust me open the door open the door and
see the colors
I like
nice yes well as I said that yesterday
so okay this is way out of the budget
guys so at the moment because my sister
is here she's favorited the CLS now it
is a bit out the price range just like a
hundred thousand more but it does look
nice without a doubt you guys saw the
interior of this car it's gorgeous it
really is gorgeous anyways I don't know
it's confusing now my sister just asked
me if I had the choice and money wasn't
an issue what car would I go for all's
like maybe back you see that sign that
means M for money more money that's what
this stands for okay Jona buy this for
me please just just comes inside please
just look look at this
no come look at this this is first class
business seats Wow exactly and she told
me what would I buy if I had money as no
issue yeah that's what I would buy okay
that's what I'd buy but obviously now
it's time to go look at the Mustang
again I swear I've been here so much
I feel sick of coming car shopping and
so even car showing it's window shopping
this week I swear I have to have my car
picked or I'm never just I'm never
talking back how we ever tried Jaguar
let's go inside
you can get you can get inside through
three to be honest the only thing I
really loved at Jaguar is the f-type
this car looks dope i qi9 I know this is
this is like the our budget tree here
okay back with the Mustangs we actually
changed up the v8 one today
they put a yellow one wait did the price
on top one 195
I think this is a different model maybe
it has like there's difference Dan yeah
I think oh yeah they have different
specs so this is 195 okay obviously a
different car but this is the model with
a v8 basically you're gonna have two
seats in the sky this looks nice I told
you it looks really dope right but a
maxi that's the only issue but calcium
it's like a sports car more nicer I
think this is nice yeah me too yeah so I
thought this is for you
I think this is meant for you okay join
up see if we can book a test drive
you're gonna turn yeah I know so I can
look at test drive tiger asks no
nicely if they even have one available
my sister's gonna try and sit in the
back and see if she can fit the only
problem is the back seats on this car
it's super super tight it's basically a
two-person car okay good luck fitting
there
oh it's automatic seat dad yesterday was
it I think this one that's why you
should check the options okay okay you
have to think there's nothing down there
and you pull it yeah there you go
by the way you have to make sure the
driver has enough leg space as well okay
okay now pull the seat back again should
I get in the driving seat okay yeah but
I need to drive it so I'm gonna have
long legs rattling okay I'm gonna go to
the driving seat is it tight this is
still yes question why need
you can move your seafront this is the
only problem I told you can we just see
a little bit more fun oh my god that's
good yeah that's okay that's fine
yeah but I need to have it I need to
have it more back is that okay listen no
it's really tight though in the front do
you not have any space no I have I have
but I'm just thinking about someone no
mames a scene you're gonna like nice you
should wait you're gonna squeeze my toes
really it's stretching the flu this will
I mean it's basically a two-person car
like in emergencies you can afford yeah
it's not bad
this is good man I don't know okay what
you want to do it looks nice it looks
like nice I think it's good for you were
you not
okay well that is the Mustang journey
how is it but look at the look of the
car I just love it you'd reckon I should
go for black but this isn't black so
basically what has happened now is you
have sort of been looking at cars but
what you haven't seen is I've actually
been speaking to the sales teams as well
and now all I need to do is make up my
decision realistically it's also going
to weigh out or a weighing factor in it
is if I get the good deal I want on the
car so I've been speaking to both sales
departments and Mercedes and the Mustang
personally I'm kind of leaning towards
my favorite car which is the Mustang but
I really liked the interior of the
mercedes-benz as well you guys saw in
yesterday's videos where I was comparing
them at this point I just really like
think it just depends if I see which
one's more which one makes more sense so
I will keep you guys updated hopefully
I'll hear back from the companies
I love the Mustang more but at the end
of the day if it doesn't make sense to
get that car it doesn't but hopefully
hopefully it works out so that's what
I'm gonna say on that I swear is this
like idiots gone car shopping they
didn't even know how to get to the car
they were going around even though
they're just stares right here what the
hell we were just going on to the Palm
Jumeirah I swear this place has not the
nicest like entrances like the buildings
look amazing everything
show them like wow seriously this basics
gorgeous look at it it's gonna be such
as I'm sorry I just kill me you written
the song we just want to show you the
view outside of Atlantis it looks
beautiful
look at that Wow
under microswitch time what did I need
to go right you know considering
changing my hair color what amazing
speakers in the hoods is looking at
where the camera yeah
so god I want to have a pedicure food
you know last time I colored my hair and
the color just washed off it just it
looks like it's the same again right you
guys
doh it's like this sleep boy sighs David
bro is that girl family recycle metallic
going metallic God come on I want to
show you the view outside at night this
is from the palm it's so beautiful
I'm not sure it's that like which this
is I think Jamie are so we've come to EV
number two to move my mum we don't come
here too often I don't know why I think
maybe just gives us a little bit further
away from us for the past few days I
haven't really been relaxing than mommy
modes I've always been out and stuff so
today is a mother-son day that's go down
there quickly cooking yes why my mum is
in the toilet I'm going to quickly go
and look at the Sport Shop which is
right here they might have some weights
and stuff which I need so let's go take
a look alright so they definitely have a
boxing bag which I want right how much
is this boxing bag let me see evidence
punching bag it's 590 now I'm just
wondering how I'll hang it if you know I
mean Oh check out my memo on the machine
they keep on telling me the weights are
here but this is the only thing I see
well that was a complete fail like I
couldn't find any weights like check
this out Wow they've completely
redecorated the place
you see that smile I let's go I'm not a
Star Wars fan but look at these socks
they look cool man
I'm not even a fan and they look awesome
okay I have no idea who he is I just
know this guy we're getting this close
this close to buying a car this will
soon it's a taking like forever I know
I'm sorry it just did and yeah hopefully
within a week or two I would have had
placed an order on my car and choose the
color and that's it we have to wait for
the order or for them to give it to us
that is insane there's like a life-size
statue of an elephant and that guy on
top is like mechanically moving I don't
know the color of the Mustang I wanted
to get guys is probably going to be
either blue or black now I'm going to
show you a blue one I think I will go
for black just because of the
availability but this is how a blue
mustang looks like bearing in mind this
is the older version of the Mustang so
take a look BAM
that is what blue looks like so imagine
this blue on the new Mustang you reckon
I look good I like this car though is
this like a Shelby
it looks really sporty
this is okay this is this is probably
the blue I wanted though I think this is
the type of blue I would go for you know
I mean this dark blue anyways you guys
are going to wrap up today's vlog here I
want to apologize for the last two days
I've been doing a lot of car shopping
type of stuff I think you guys really do
enjoy just seeing the cars when we go
into the showroom but if you don't I
want to apologize for they're just being
car stuff because I've really been
trying to clamp down in the car and I'm
really really close now basically what
I'm doing now is I'm waiting for an
email pretty much yeah an email from the
people that Mustang or Ford and
hopefully within the next two or three
days cross my fingers I'm saying this I
can clamp down and move forward with
this purchase and then mole finally have
his own car well my sister is having her
signature next week wait how many more
do we have of these because when we came
from London we wore like eight is are
they in the cupboard over there let me
see you guys let me see cuz we had a
load of these when we came from London
whoa we still do have a load we have one
two three more okay seems legit yeah
this isn't the proper one where's the
proper one oh there's nothing there's
only that one occasion okay
goodbye and say goodbye to her for the
vlog I'll see you guys some more with
another vlog hopefully tomorrow I'll be
up with Linden you guys seem to enjoy
him in the vlogs he actually had an idea
of visiting this really awesome car
place like a car showroom with loads
like not normal cars like really fancy
cars so maybe we'll do that I still
haven't decided just because I don't
know if you guys are sick of the car
gross because we've had two days
back-to-back of car blocks so maybe I'll
decide on something else but let me know
if you guys enjoy the car vlogs if it's
like kind of regular up we'll see you
guys later mummy bow good boy
