yoyoyo everyone welcome to another video
and as you can see by what standing
right next to me this is a special video
because this is my brand-new car that
all of you have been waiting to see so
here is I'm absolutely in love with it
it's a 2016 Ford Mustang California
special GT and it looks absolutely
gorgeous I'm currently going to run
through some of the features and cool
stuff about it so let's go
so the first thing everybody obviously
wants to see is the exterior so I'm
gonna run you through a little bit as
you can see this is how it looks like
now what I love about the California
special is first of all it comes with an
extended bumper in the front also if you
can't tell already the vents and these
stripes have been painted black so you
get a more edgy look to the car which
makes it look absolutely gorgeous and in
the back as you can see you get a
spoiler which doesn't regularly come on
the normal GTS and I absolutely love it
now I want to get into my absolute
favorite feature about this car it's the
fact that you can turn on the car with
the key from outside so let's go and see
if we can do it first try
that is crazy you can actually turn the
car on from outside
listen to that just listen to that guy
okay we have to go around because the
roar or Rumble this exhaust makes listen
to that that is just amazing I don't
think it would be a cart or without one
Rev of my car so that's all I'm going to
give you one rep renowned to go around
the back of record
so getting on to the interior of this
car as you can see it's fully black I
love the color black it's one of my
favorite colors the car comes in red
stitching along the seats as you can see
it's been stitched red and there's
actually a reason why it's leather here
and this far it's cloth and the reason
is the seats are heated and cooled if
you want them to be so air has to go
through it and obviously it can't go
through lever so it's like this cloth
material which I absolutely love now
let's just start the car so I can show
you it comes with sat-nav as you can see
the cane should turn on now there you
got the forge sign I love that obviously
comes with all features it's fully
optioned out so you get your sat-nav you
get your phone bluetooth etc etc these
are the air vents which I think look
really awesome now look this tells you
that you push here to open what these
are really really simple features now
steering wheel obviously comes with
everything you need and something really
really crazy about this car is you can
actually choose what color the lights
are so I'm not sure if you can see in
the cupholder here bring it here this
blue I actually chose it to be blue I
can change it to green white and
everything else so yeah that is the car
hope you like it yeah there you go
that's it that's it that's the car I
want to show you one more feature which
is absolutely ridiculous about this car
okay watch this now if I want to lock
the car I can actually put my finger
right here so listen to this the car is
now locked I know that's insane and if I
want to unlock it then I put my hand
right here and it's unlocked this only
works when you have the key next to you
so you're probably wondering more how
does it stop other people from unlocking
it so if you have the key next to you
you can just unlock you like that
instead of hitting the button I guess
it's more convenient and it just looks
awesome okay because I haven't actually
parked the car properly and I turned it
off accidentally that gives me an excuse
to turn it on one more time with the key
I love that feature so much
I just spent one of you guys the newest
one what's up
anyways guys that has been my new car
hopefully you do like it if you think it
looks good and you want to see more
videos with it hit the like button
there's definitely going to be more
videos leave your suggestions I know
you're gonna leave suggestions like mo
race etc acceptors I'll do my best to do
as many as I can without getting myself
in trouble but yeah that has been my new
car I love it I can't even I love it
that's it
anyways yeah if you haven't already
checked out today's vlog I also made a
full vlog kind of explaining why I got
the car late and yet if you want to
check that out links to the top of the
description for now see you guys with
another video Yolo Yolo goodbye
