good morning everyone and welcome to
another Friday listing vlog before you
watch this vlog there's something way
more important to watch if you haven't
watched it already at the same exact
time that this vlog is uploaded on my
channel there's also one called my new
car and yes that is the vlog that
everybody's been waiting for so you can
go check that out
it's me showing you my new car and a
little walk around a fit
now the reason there's actually two
videos up to date is because I was
actually supposed to collect my car
today
however basically today the insurance
company was closed and they won't let me
drive the car without having insurance
but because of the two day delay I have
with my blogs I'm gonna have the car
tomorrow but I can edit it and put out
at the same day as today so that's why
you get two videos today check that
video out before you come here so just
go over there now links in the
description or I'll try have an
annotation here just stick on my hand
trust me just click on it or links in
the description if you're on a phone or
something anyways hope you enjoy the
rest of the vlog or yeah check out that
if you haven't that's the third time I
told you don't let me tell you again
alright peace
what she broke it she broke it good
morning guys I start today with my mom
breaking my favourite money jar
it was empty Iselle it was empty this
was going to have so much money in it
one day and she completely smashed it
look yes it was a childhood memory as my
mom is saying right now and now it's
just pieces what would you have to say
for this she just smashed it on the
floor obviously it wasn't intentional
it's okay I'll get over it
but let's just let's just have a moment
guys just have a moment let me look at
this I am on fleek right now and yeah
where's my legs where's my legs yet
blended in with my mattress I love this
mattress look look at it it's one of
these things now it's white now it's
dark blue you go down here so today I
got something I've been waiting for a
super long time to get and basically
it's going to improve my blogs and it's
really really like pretty much nothing
in here so let's go ahead and unbox it
so I can show you what it is now I'm not
exactly sure where this box opens from
yeah I think it's right here don't play
with knifes kids don't throw knives wait
a second wait okay
who told them to add a random piece of
air in there wow that was louder than I
expected so the thing I was waiting for
is this little packet now you're
probably wondering what is this this
little piece of fur this is something
you add to the top of your camera and it
gets rid of wind noise or
moves it a little bit not fully get rid
of it so now that I have two cameras I
can actually demonstrate this for you
this is the camera this is where the
audio place is where all if the audio
goes in and you just stick this on top
this part I have to be very careful in
so we just want to stick it right here
there we go oh my god I have my first
blood camera with a mustache what'd you
say to that okay this is so awesome and
yeah I can't wait to see how it sounds I
hope it sounds like better in the wind
you'll see with my blocks to come yup
everybody I want you to read my shirt no
limits cuz that is what your life needs
to have no limits anyways the sky is
absolutely beautiful right now it's
sunset to be honest now that I'm out it
kind of looks worse but like a couple
seconds ago this whole section looked
like that so it looked bare but you know
I came out a bit late maybe won't you
come my way I got something I want to
say first up let me start by saying in
this hey I'll headshot me thinking take
my girl eh something I love about the
CCTV is we can just watch the cat's
outside and see what they do right if
they're fighting or anything and see if
you can hear us
well you know what you should do go
knock on this door and see if he moves
okay I'm gonna do it okay okay huh oh
he's moving suspect in action okay no
he's right there
well I'm about to show you something I
saw on Instagram the other day and also
something I saw on pvp's blog so I'm
going to start off a why song pvp's vlog
let's do this Siri can you beatbox
here's one I've been practicing boots
and cats and boots and cats and boots
boots and cats and boots I could do this
day cats and boots and cats and boots
and cats and boots and cats and boots
and cats and boots and cats I gotta get
this one alright alright not bad to you
you got them you got them bars the
second thing I want to show you is
something I saw on Instagram the other
day and this is dope so I'm gonna try
and recreate it by beatboxing myself
again
Siri what is 1 billion to the power 10
if somebody else beat one thing that is
not me but that is dope oh I wish I
could be both like this I'm gonna be
honest with you guys I actually did not
plan on vlogging today I was going to
take the day off but the reason I
actually did it is because I didn't want
to let go of the happy I have blogging
every day and once I get home I shoulda
do something that I haven't done for
like 7 months or like 5 months at least
and I wanna talk to you guys on snapchat
get a couple videos include them in the
video and yeah I want to get that
connectivity with you guys back in the
vlogs that's why I probably named this
long like don't watch or something weird
because this is like a personal blog for
like the dedicated fans so if you're
someone dedicated and they're watching
ya thumbs up to you my sister wants to
show you guys my shoes look I'm matching
it to my yeah well what what sure was I
couldn't even see here nice karate kick
well this time try sing oh yeah yeah
they're thick matchy Wow
even I'm a guy and lucky what
watch me no it won't say
I watched it oh one of those huh I can
do it first try and you're a new bout
yeah boom to be honest what the hell are
they what the hell is that look
seriously serious issue of you guys it's
like a weird version of high-heeled
sneakers flashes that's the thing my
sister just realized so it's usually
bare in the reflection than they do in
real life oh oh
kill him flex arm real quick oh oh are
you trying to dance I don't even know
anymore
here's her in real life trying to do it
what the hell check this out guys there
is a present in the middle of you I
think it's a little maze yeah I am well
in the middle of some weird days there's
definitely some Cinderella theme thing
going on today there's been a crystal
shoe yeah and the first one was a
crystal shoe and now there's a diamond
so I think it's something to do with
Cinderella I'm not too sure I was just
walking by and happened to stumble
across a metallic silver Ferrari for a
five-eighth which I had to show you they
got it
so like reflective and cool anyways I
had to show you because it did look
awesome
there you go that's awesome that's
pretty cool if something like a load of
games like a mini I don't even know what
you call with these funfair that's it
yes a huge tiger I bet you that's
impossible chance to win it the tiger is
Oh someone got WASC over there the tiger
is actually as big as my sister oh yeah
what's up
I like yourself peaceful it's easy
that music is seriously relaxing like
put you in a really relaxed mood
hiiii shout out to the yoga school which
I've met today I met like two of you so
shout out to you on this day
I'm not sure if it's just me but there's
something so relaxing about the noise of
water just waves
doesn't that just relax you
that is such a relaxing sound to be
so they've got a pretty cool little
market going on over here
John wait we're on no one I live for the
Hedgehog right what is that is that like
an elephant it's like a fruit yeah I
told you it's a fruit better awesome are
these Indian swamp a goat island these
are really cool designs you saying way
different all right well he found
anything cool this is the type of stuff
my sister likes the I she always thinks
someone's jinxing her I don't know why
uh-huh my sister wants to sing another
song for you
I wish now this is one of the coolest
restaurant I've ever seen yeah you know
it stood open I'm guessing the price is
going to be so expensive it's still no
but you know that yeah let's Cubs let's
go see if we can get a little sneak peek
look it looks like one of them you know
garden palace type of things with all
the decorations you're a sneak peek
there you go ho sneak peek ha ha
guys it's how you enter oh not close it
okay we never did that no we never did
that let me take you over to my flamingo
guys can't come over here okay okay okay
crikey mate we have a bigger flamingo
wait is that one smoking what oh there's
a cigarette in it man
there's a smoking flamingo the hell is
that
candy yeah yes they can see the
cigarette who the hell made of flamingos
smoke break what news I need to break
the news to you
you done that's a war pipe out it's not
it sprays water her she actually
believed me and went and told her
snapchat that's a cigarette
you can you not tell it's coming out of
his mouth Superman on his unicycle ah
that guy just dropped the juggle I don't
know what happened okay is yet she ever
practiced this I have no idea anymore no
H to just walk there
so go walk next to it there no just gone
to walk way and stop it looks cool yeah
just walk on it don't worry don't don't
worry about it toy I have no idea why
she believed me and went there there's
literally nobody there they've actually
got a Cristiano Ronaldo Museum going on
and look outside cristiano ronaldo never
really be a memorabilia okey i can't say
that word but look they've got Cristiano
Ronaldo signed shirt his boots and a
trophy like are these legitimate like I
don't know they seem kind of tempting if
you know what I mean like oh my sister's
standing next to
wow it's like a fortunately bro replica
I look inside it they've got these
little statues that is awesome right
imagine having this at your house yo
that's crazy I'm trying to have pizza
right now and look at what my mom has
bar ketchup in do you remember this
honey container it's fully ketchup now
and it looks kind of scary I can't even
lie
the bear is red the bear is flipping red
what the hell is going on here
it looks cooler I can't lie I'm gonna be
showcasing some of your snapchats right
now can't really show you what I'm gonna
do oh yeah
don't see something really awesome come
come around look at my screen that's
right it doesn't matter boom let look at
my screen oh my god mo is a professional
at this YouTube thing
look guys no look at this mommy don't
worry just just know that I know and
knowing is better than learning boom
time to do a snapchat recording how
after I wouldn't let you know since I
love you blogging to ask how are you
supposed to do it on Mac open your
QuickTime Player
I'm going to quickly show you how so the
way you do this is you open QuickTime
which is this in the corner and you go
to file now when you press file lets go
and press it press new movie and this is
what's going to come up but over here
where you have your recording button
click down and click your iPhone and
boom there is my iPhone yeah then you
can start recording your iPhone there
you go right left right left and that is
dope yeah you learn something new every
day
look at him look at him he leans his
head on the table while his whole body
is on my what what oh yeah I'm not gonna
make too much noise because he is like
falling asleep
what is this comfortable his body's here
and his his head is on the table
bubbles are you crazy
this cat is lost his mind each other
logo is doing let me show from the
sisters what's up bubbles oh my god is
he like gonna fall asleep on the edge
like that I think he actually used in
whose name bubbles are you okay does he
not look okay he's dead asleep this guy
more relaxed than all of you I'm sure
most to be doing his work and this is
not easier for him he doesn't care he
really doesn't care
no more blog for the years although you
messed up its position yeah don't worry
don't worry darling face back up yeah
there you go so as you can see I've got
a ton of messages on my phone I think
I'm gonna have it on this side so let's
get straight on to the snaps okay let's
go let's see everybody steps woah ton of
snaps okay oh look at his eyes
hey tell us time huh what the hell was
that
oh you have to you have to put that in
you had to put that in Mali big fan so I
show you my Mustang because you like
them the team ready yeah I Love You
cheeky that is also shout-out to the
guard too must Iran it looks amazing
you know I just wanna tight three hungry
you fit me homie reduction hey move I
want to be in your video main I love
everything what every seriously you guys
are hilarious
why do you block I enjoy it
simple as that's it since there's so
many snapchats
and I don't think I can go through all
of them I'm until to start randomly
picking over here and yeah sorry if you
could have make in the video hit the
like button if you want me to do more of
these and definitely follow me on snap
to name is Muhammad doom right here
follow the name alright the last couple
of snaps and we're putting a rap hope
you're in it boom boom let's just open
as many as you can hey hey that thing
was hilarious yeah cheers bro the reason
why I get up in the morning to have such
a bright face and I really put in my
heart to take someone inspirational like
you gotta love your videos on your very
strict
I thank you so much that was such a nice
snapchat seriously man I I love the fact
that you enjoy the videos
to put a smile in your face or inspire
you like that's just it's a man thank
you so much say that I meet you trying
to do and I just want you to use every
day and hopefully one day I can meet you
because I live in Dubai so hey shout out
to my the backbone Abel
I just wanted to thank you because
you're the best youtuber keep on going
it's it's a tough process but you get to
it and yellow hi I'm a Latina and I'm
from Colombia and I really like your
videos like your videos are awesome and
your channel is like totally person
thank you so much I love that accent I
don't know why that just sounds so so
cool Thank You Valentina for the awesome
snapchat oh yeah
shout out my best local blogs and you
know can you post a video
I like there watching the video like 100
times and I really love your channel is
it perfect I really say that
a gesture like thank you so much so
Muhammad hey what's up whoa
bye why he alright guys that is going to
be a wrap of me looking at your snaps
thank you to all of you follow me on
snapchat and sent me them awesome snaps
if you haven't already go follow me on
snap and if you're watching the video
till now and haven't watched my new car
vlog check it out like legit
why did you watch this without checking
that out link is at the top of the
description you should have watched that
before you watch this so if you haven't
already done that go do it now for now
I'll see you guys with another vlog
yellow yellow
I'm out boy
