Oh yo yo everyone welcome to another
Friday listing vlog as you can tell
today your boy is looking fresh to death
through both I start with some white
clothing so what is the occasion you
asked absolutely nothing I don't know we
just like to dress nice anyways we're
gonna head off now to go outside and do
a bit of fun and stuff but I don't know
what's fun but we'll find something to
do and yeah by the way tomorrow cross my
fingers I should have my car and yeah
I'm so buzzed I know I've said this for
the past five days every single day up
and counting down anyways I'll see you
guys once we start heading out peace
what's up mummy peace peace me and mommy
are actually going out to buy her some
glasses today she sat on her glasses and
brought both of the sides oK you've
worked out how to boost eyes she's
actually super glued I'm gonna try and
show you what's happened to it so if you
can see that that is severely broken
that is not supposed to be like that the
whole part over there snapped it doesn't
even stand straight this side look look
at that it doesn't even stand straight
that's ridiculous
I think it helped mommy more at least it
stays on let's go mm-hmm oh my god look
how big the moon is tonight don't try
and hold it look at that whoa that's
insane I haven't seen a full moon in a
while that's crazy
look at that nice rose fresh drop it
coming into the area
Wow I just want to see this car right
here is an absolute beast blacked-out
g-wagon amazing anyways we just got here
at the mall and you can see they've got
two back-to-back Rolls Royces one is a
wraith and the other one I believe this
is a phantom I'm not really good with
anything except the Wraith so yeah I kid
you not I promise I've been in the war
for less than five minutes and how many
of the years were that we met we met six
of you guys already which has been
absolutely amazing anyways I'm gonna go
try my luck in buying a camera over here
I'm pretty sure it sold out but I'm
going to try anyways let's see if they
have the camera that I want so hard to
get this camera when it's sales like
season because everybody buys it I
finally got my hands on my camera again
yes they had in stock I just boy thank
you so much
Emax stop the shards of their private en
stop I've been searching for this camera
for like a week and everywhere has been
sold out but I finally got my hands on
it anyways now it's time to go search
for my mom's glasses we came out to buy
her glasses and ended up getting me a
camera again
sorry my mom's just weighing out her
option to the glasses so that's one of
them that she's looking at this is
another one
how'd you like them which one looks
better let me see the other one they
look the same it's just that part is
different my mom is still looking for
her glasses how do I help you I can get
the red ones there's my help
they look good let me see let the vlog
see Oh Oh killer Oh flex on the blog if
you like them
you're broken one is nothing compared to
this
I
Wow my mom is just like me she can't
choose between what she wants okay fine
fine I'll wait until she chooses
something so there you go my mom's
glasses are just getting ordered in
there actually these glasses so yeah how
do you feel my god
here it is that is my mom's final
glasses looks nice yeah so there you go
me and my mom bought everything that we
needed to I got my camera and she got
her glasses however her glasses are
actually coming in on Tuesday because
the only ones they had left was the one
on display and he don't really want to
take that one because everybody's I
played around with it's probably half
broken already dad I don't think it is
but you know I mean you just want to
fresh new one so on Tuesday we're going
to pick up that one but that's it
shopping with mummy both complete until
we got everything we needed to
let's see our Spanish I have on this
card
okay that's enough let's go play some
games mommy so I really want to get
myself one of these toys I'm going to
play I saw I don't think I'm gonna win
because these things are rigged I
promise you they won't give it to you
but let's go let's have a try I'm gonna
win guys what
watch this
Oh
one more time
mighty figurehead
I'm over this big money
I don't want the to get
poor conductors
you saw that you saw that I had it I had
it so bad I'm not playing that anymore
that's rigged there it was this close I
don't even care what you say I was
cheated I was cheated
mom you ready don't do that come on hit
it
punch it just punch it one punch okay
let out your anger yeah one punch that's
it one punch
how do you want to practice on that
oh yeah just keep hitting it
that is one punch you ready big punch
okay let's go hey wait one second
breasts are one second wait for it one
big punch three two one go Oh 1,500
that's not good
Oh
so close to the high score
boy mole I was going for beating the ice
boy look at that so close 8700 I go to
be it cha-cha and be it I think I need
to try and beat that score I was so
close
I'm going to try and be nice every
question
you
it worth
but it worse than last time
No No
I couldn't do it I felt pressured I felt
pressured those people looking at me
love to do disappointed
this goes this close to me again 300 mom
so what happened with your punch he only
got 1500 he don't have the muscles hit
the gym bro
Jeevan lifter
I swear I'm leaving good at anything now
I got this
what game is this what is this
what the hell is this
what is this
I don't even know it seems weird I think
I just realized I'm becoming way too old
for the game section you know you're
becoming old when you lose every single
game so I'm going to call it quits I met
a couple of you guys couple of my young
fans and they're are so we'll start
seeing the fans a little giddy
oh so dork when you're in let's go eat
some super hungry
yo this hat has got my age on it 23
there you go
20 years old 20 doesn't fit me now if I
order to resize it these hats they just
don't fit on my head role and I just
know I've tried so many on and it never
fits on me well it makes me look weird
so I know it's just my head shape is
abnormal before I left I said let me
come outside and try my luck to see if
there's any more cars in the valley and
you're not going to believe I saw look
at this chrome blue rolls-royce
this car right here is so gorgeous in
this color and I've never seen a chrome
blue rolls-royce before but I can
definitely tell you that it does work
and it looks ridiculously beautiful like
who would not want to have this car you
can see my reflection look at that look
at my reflection right there and it's
just amazing Wow
I'm just speechless to be honest anyways
for now we're going to say goodbye to
the rolls-royce there's a race here as
well and to be honest normally I love
the rapes more but that color just blown
everything out of my mind right now
anyways peace out to the cars both
amazing I don't know how every single
time I just go to look at the cars in
the valley there's something that just
ups the level with the game I swear
like at this with this rate I think next
time I come back I'm going to see a
fully golden Bugatti or something Wow
so we've got an extra four tickets to
enter for the Lamborghini rap pool by
the way if you're someone wondering when
it's going to be drawn it's the first
week of February so come back around
them to see if I won chances are slim
but hopes are high my mo is filling out
her like 20th raffle ticket mum I
believe in you because you're smart
today is the
I know I'm not smart what's the chances
of winning run 110 percent now 110 in
all honesty our chances are so slim but
I'm not sure it's going to be us 9
percent today we're gonna try and get my
facebook account back again Facebook why
are you doing this to me just why please
like can somebody at Facebook in this
video and me like your mole blogs this
is my account I'm trying to log in and
now they're just showing another like
five photos of people I don't know okay
first person try and guess the name hmm
okay that looks like a no go back go
back that looks like him that's him yeah
it's the NBN guidance
trust me look that is him no it's not he
looked cool you might have grown up in
that picture trust me man that is him no
he's got the same glasses
yeah and GUI and trust me that's a I
can't find will do that's my friend's
name submit okay this is that kid
okay that's hunter sent him so he looks
like a Sadat Rahim yeah just just go for
it I think he must be a Sadat rahi um he
looks like it trust me you just want to
guess yeah why don't one day I'm going
to get to my Facebook account by
guessing I think today Facebook is
giving it to me easy
the recognizable faces like the names
they just match I think I'm gonna get to
my account today cross my fingers you
see he looks out with him why I keep
blinking on this look him I can't you
find yeah let's go for a subtle reheat I
can't oh my god I can't have no idea we
got this yesterday
Facebook you're definitely playing with
me
well what did you get cash sheesh
marathon yeah seems legit
alright this guy he looks like an O I
could be either honesty okay he could be
a jock patel or josh but let's try judge
okay let's try a Josh Patel and see what
we can come up with this is like a way
of me giving you guys shoutouts trying
to get into my facebook again I think
you might be at a meat does he look like
a does he look like a Josh I think he
does look like a Josh I can't go for a
girlfriend girlfriend today is guest day
how did you we need correct oh man oh
okay I go for a josh homme we know your
name
I've been following you for a while I
just and guys I'm joking I have no idea
boom Facebook trying out my own account
and I'm guessing 5 News wait we did it
hot in your face space would know even
like you I yeah Trilok y'all again like
a don't do it to me please
I got it we love your face I'm usually
was my lucky day I knew it you to send
in your ideal I don't have said that do
you dollars I can't believe it I can't
believe it we did it my facebook account
my facebook I just checked because I'm
seriously a math geek and the chance of
getting your account back like that is a
one in seven thousand seven hundred and
seventy six and I got it backed by
guessing Wow if you understand how lucky
days oh my god
I took your this I was going to put my
ID in today but we just tried it one
last time before I gave them my ID and
it'll work which is incredible so boom
best name guesses go - me and my sister
we know your names don't worry we're
watching you anyway squad I'm gonna wrap
up the vlog here I'm actually so excited
and I can't wait for tomorrow so I'll
see you then with my car cross fingers
if anything goes on I'm gonna kill
myself but I don't think anything should
happen at minimum you're going to see my
car I think so that's a positive I'm
just not sure I'll get my insurance on
the same day but you'll see that with
another vlog Yolo Yolo stay awesome and
just be happy good boy
