hit the thumbs up on for them because
they are absolutely awesome like what
yo yo yo everyone welcome to another
vlog so today we're going out to
finalize all the documents I need for my
new car my mom is also going out she's
going to do some food shopping today oh
yeah we're having kabob today okay see
you soon mom look Toby's following you
for protection she's he's your security
guard told me protect my mom go go
follow her okay peace out there's my mom
guys over there
look at this picture they took of me
yesterday I look so sad in there what
the hell I thought I was smiling
whoa okay we have my new license guys
there you go I could drive down just to
hurry up the process I'm gonna quickly
fall copy my license and send it to Ford
right now so yeah just in case there
needs to be like a process got it okay
do me a favor attach to take y'all
attaches to the email send off right now
can't ya missin loss wasn't work manual
sound effects
we're back at the pure boxes and I know
a lot of you might be asking more why do
you visit the pure box so often now it's
not just because of the mail you guys
send me we actually check the pure box
around mum's on as long as she gets a
lot of bill so whenever were like close
by we check it for her as well but
because we're here we always check ours
so I think it's this one let's go I
think today even though we did we come
yesterday was it I think it was
yesterday we came look at the difference
whoa okay young breath I don't know I do
not know do not rip it open okay so we
have two packages
okay these slips mean packages guys and
then three letters wow that's actually
really really crazy like last time you
check this was yesterday and from then
we have five pieces of mail like one day
Wow so we just got the mail and the one
my sisters holding it smells like you
know peri-peri that those hooks and it's
actually drooping like it's wet what
look at that what is inside this if you
guys said that's just what yeah it says
sauce on it either curry sauce or a very
berry sauce or I don't know I don't know
okay let's put it in the booth I don't
know some more vlogs two more vlogs are
you just open there you go
stay tucked in there stay tucked I
actually think I won't be opening the
mail today the only thing I might open
from the mail is we need to see we're
stripping it yeah I think I won't open
the rest of the mail but the source
thing I'm gonna open just because it's
dripping and I don't want to keep it in
there longer so I'm only gonna open that
but I have listened to your suggestions
and I think I'm gonna let the post like
get a bit more and then we could do like
a special video yeah he was suggested
that
on section so the rest of the mail
except from the South we're gonna open
again I know me not you not me one day
ever since I left the city you its Ryan
Seacrest with you on a 4.4 hello hello
can you hear me
what the hell is that what the hell is I
see here - maybe I can sing it okay
thumbs up this video if you want my
sister to put a logically a karaoke
edition that is that if you want my
sister to do a cover of Adele's hello
honor chat
10,000 will do it under 7,000 10,000
the Ladyland angry
and I think she might think you're
rapping doesn't know the deceleration
we're not doing it the car itself oh gee
I would have probably thought the same
thing
on driving skills on point on fleek
thank you let us in
we're going to quickly open this look at
it seriously yeah we can open our slide
oh yeah you can open it though I look
about 100 just make sure he doesn't do
anything to the knife I need gloves for
this show me to open it is it wet is it
the opposite way oh my god what is that
oh my god my good side oh nice little
kid yes Carly
I knew it I told you I sorry - whoever
sent it kind of got opens where's that
the other one mocha Scottie oh that
smells so strong oh my god thank you so
much to read your letter regardless but
yeah it kind of broke sorry like I think
it's because they need to put some
packaging like bubble pop bubble bubble
bubble bubble that's either layer heimo
is for you oh yeah I read it
Oh Rita it's really nice guys look at
these dudes no it's not for you guys oh
you're cute look at them they always
want to eat something
hey Emma wanted to share this with one
of my favorite youtubers that I watch
daily I just turned 20 years old and I
started my own sauce company in Belgium
and we'll be in the USA and Middle East
soon you are truly inspiring that made
me believe in myself and build up
something for myself it would mean a lot
if you taste my sauce and let me know
what you think
kind regards Benjamin Adam Pinto
Sammis sauce
thank you so much for the sauce we'll
definitely try and try the ones that
haven't leaked too much and yeah thanks
to the sauce thank you so much man use
resuit a few and yeah good luck with
your company so we'll try the ones that
are still intact yeah let's try and save
the source save very nice packaging by
the way the little containers are really
cute I just there are some nice colors
as well love the fact that you guys are
starting companies and stuff here's to
more success good luck Sam in another
one we're actually going to be doing
another little barbecue at home today I
love having barbecues they taste so
delicious
and it's just generally fun to do so
while we're out my mom got everything we
needed for it ready to barbecue money
alright my mom is going to be doing the
honor of lighting the fire not scare you
can do it I'm good don't worry I'm safe
back here here you just just make the
fire come back on light you're the worst
finder in history I got join me to do it
you're terrible at this job you're
making it go out okay no give me give me
before the fire goes out no no no
quickly quickly quickly
no no small fans but quick I can't do
this oh I can't breathe you cured it
there you go Oh Oh mommy bo is killing
in the kitchen look at the chicken bro
oh my god mommy I love you
you smart you love it I appreciate that
mommy what are you doing you're a
gangsta I went upstairs to change my
clothes because it actually gets so
smoky out here and I didn't want my
jeans to get smoky so I put on my shorts
anyways the smell of this is so nice but
light it's really smoky out here and
I've got no scrubs it's killing me it's
killing me can't be a good barbecue that
is something you cannot be oh look at
that look at that mom is a pro out here
cool
you down did they give a quote so
they're two quotes on the side become
you're gonna go can I try some light I'd
like how to test it I'm so stoked I've
been appointed tester now we have a
little picnic inside oh my god that just
killed my ear everyone is now ready to
eat even kitty has joined us on our
little picnic no we did we dig everyone
don't I'm gonna apologize guys I'm
really gonna apologize my mum in
specifically is the one to blame for
this she told me to open the only
package I received today mom this is
your fault lies you get on telling me oh
what if it's something that you have to
open early okay I promise you I promise
you I promise you after this I'm gonna
let the milk
stack up okay it's just whenever I get a
package like your boss I can't resist
so however I will leave the paper like
the letters for the big mail time
ya know I'm keeping the letters and it's
just a small box will open
it's okay I just grabbed a knife and see
what it is
mom this is your fault she's the one who
told me open it
Dada da Dada Dada Dada
I'm sorry I know you can blame mommy
because she may be tempted to do this
okay hold this record me record let you
like mama to see ya guys though the wax
aftermath is still here so you don't
listen to your squad anymore yes well
this is gang stacked I know you took out
your own mail because your this is a box
though yeah just goodness for you that's
why you're doing that lame I don't it
okay mold okay guys I want your guesses
what
it's a box this size Oh kids um imagine
he's for long
there is ivory boxing yeah and you're
never gonna see this video until on
Valentine what do you think is what I
don't think so I don't think it's the
one it's bit longer than watch the box
is longer and I don't think it's a
perfume either
okay it's a bit night to be a water
light it's very light what do you think
is this text I hope I never break it out
on the touching I did okay moment I
don't like this nice it's okay okay
you know your leg looks so odd I'm
trying not trying not together yeah can
you just really why is it so packaged up
oh oh oh I think it's a Lamborghini
perfume Mahmoud what is this timer
turning orange on your screen
oh no memory I'll get quickly fix it for
mo and the family first thing okay thank
you thank you so much dear mo blogs I
have been watching your books since my
17th no no
so my life everything is that promoting
your books since your 17th blog
my name is Geno and I'm from Bangkok
Thailand I got this gift for you because
I know that your sister Lana has a Lambo
yeah yes but that's a fact by the way I
got this gift gift for you in Dubai mode
because I came here and divide again if
you don't like the color you can
exchange it color okay so I don't think
it's a perfume I don't think it's a
perfume moving on when I went to Dubai I
was hoping that I would see but I didn't
ah I'm sorry man maybe we'll bump into
each other sometime soon maybe I'll come
Bangkok who knows mo you have changed my
life and I would like to thank you my
english is bad please forgive me thank
you so much
wow that's it thank you what comes to
color
in this size I can just go with it Oh yo
God still don't know what it is
thank you Mike I'm not even sure don't
tell me oh my god ah same oh my god
Tom no shot again I'm actually Isis that
you are actually more excited now you
know you could say you want that
Lamborghini in that view the ruffle
can't believe it I want the large any
ruffle this is the cute okay oh you
wanna listen mister keys yo I swear this
is a Lambo key I don't want to open it
cause look how nicely packaged is H I
open it woman your leg can you put that
plant I'll put the plastic over my leg
let's just keep complaining y'all here
is guys I want the Lambo I got a blurry
gimme oh my God thank you that's your
favorite gun yeah I was going to say
there's no way I'm changing color this
is my favorite
I'm glad you knew wow thanks that's my
brother's favorite color
how did you know collection what type of
level is this I think this is the old
classic model that's right ah blow it
says um wait let me take an iced tea
please
yeah we don't even take in this how you
know we're amateurs when it comes to
cars it's a lot of reading for sure but
we don't know its sight I don't even
want to open I want to leave in the box
for like a collection Gina I'm sorry my
sister's opening it in the comment
section guys please let us know which
model of Lamborghini is and yeah and
we'll be happy cuz I thank you so much
and yeah thank you to the person that
said the sources as well I didn't forget
you suffer pain
like I see two kids outside now taking
photos of the Lambo they might know me
let's go see if they are cheap and cut
out Toby okay I think that's it hello I
met more for you guys you're your
squadron yeah I saw you vlogging it can
be a double vlogger I'll come in your
blog what's up with longer hey guys what
is up
we're just with Darren Darren and we're
gonna live right down the stream video
blogging out here you know what I love
about the GoPro it has like a wide angle
I have to hold my really narrow yeah
that's a big camera yeah
storm you're gonna be on my blog as I K
hey storm what's up how you doing do you
like the vlogs like a Justin Bieber's
favorite fam which one are you watching
all right here you go get the phone back
anyways guys I was super awesome running
into our han and Darren they're gonna go
ride around see then stay fit guys
because they don't want you to be fit
and they know what they're doing for
their riding retirees also see you guys
on five see you later after Faison I had
a feeling they knew about the channel I
had a good feeling so yeah that's really
awesome running into them just went by
and said hi I said hi to someone that
knew me on the phone as well which is
also so yeah really cool guys over there
I can't believe it guys
Darren and Mahan came back and they gave
me dollars to add to the collection oh
my god thank you guys so much this is
going in the special collection you know
I plan on doing after like a year doing
a YouTube money collection so anything I
get from my awesome people like you I
put it in one collection that's your
story so and one year time you're gonna
have a special special edition for
YouTube yes Russia yeah YouTube money
collection hit the thumbs up on for them
because they are absolutely awesome like
what that's crazy I seriously thank you
they're like that's amazing
good seeing you again thank you so much
for the dollars YouTube channel has to
come here yeah I want these guys to make
a YouTube channel
oh yeah subscribe all of us subscribe to
the squad wow that is so awesome I can't
believe they gave me dollars to add to
the collection are so nice of them to
make my day I apologize for the fact
that my room looks like an explosion
went off in it
yeah it's messy that's all I can say
turn off the lights
no one's going in my room anymore okay
nobody's upstairs No so dark so dark
upstairs before I in today's vlog I want
to say how excited I am the reason is in
two days time after tomorrow I am
getting my new car and you guys haven't
even seen it in real life I know I
posted a picture on my Instagram but you
haven't seen the car roll life and like
on video it's so different to on
pictures so I'm so excited for you guys
to see I hope you all do like the pic I
went for I know a lot of you did and
yeah I'll see it more with another
awesome vlog will be one day closer to
my car stay awesome everyone stay
positive key to success is right here
and you will know that by now and you're
a cinch more Yolo Yolo good boy
