hey hey hey good morning everyone we're
starting today out in the garden liquor
bubbles he's back at his favorite spot
just being crazy again
what the heck is he doing he completely
loves that corner hey rose he's like wow
hi
by the way guys that is the same spot
you took like a wee or a poop yesterday
so that's kind of worrying anyways today
I might be going for a bonfire with
Linden the guy I saw in the vlog the
other day but that's if I can make it
we've got some work to do it like that
Wafi area 4 o'clock and he's leaving at
5 so hopefully I can finish up with some
work over there with my family and then
make it back in time if not it's kind of
disappointing no how's it taste tastes
good ok he's completely fighting with it
anyways I want to eat these because I
really love their taste cheese balls
I'll let my mom do the honor opening
them we were both she was about to over
there I was like nah wait I need to show
the vlog first whoa sure that one it is
it's these cheesy balls oh you want some
too
oh jeez ok no you don't want some I
swear this stuff is so good look how
much is left I finished it all in like 2
minutes no glue okay I'm kind of in a
rush we have to quickly go and sort this
out and then after that I'm meeting up
with Linden to go out you guys check
that red Rory I can't please give us an
acceleration please mediocre is very
musical I find him out with Linden as
you can see we're heading off to this
bonfire I'm not too sure exactly where
it is but Lynn
knows the way so that's great there's so
much traffic always ridiculous it's a
Monday oh my god okay let's just grab
the camper falls again but yeah we're
meeting I was on Linden's friends
hopefully they don't mind being on the
vlog but we'll just have to see about
that if not you're just gonna see me and
Linda's pretty faces all day you know
what I made it that's pretty much what
we're gonna do we're just gonna chillax
light a bonfire and you know have your
CH two cards and it's like around the
bonfire singing so hey I don't think
that is a good thought so me and Linden
stopped by to get some wood for the
bonfire as you can see that's pretty
dope how do you know like space
you just know you just know it you can't
like but yeah we picked up like two of
these I don't know what you call it bags
or bundle bundles of wood and basically
we're going to be making that bonfire
okay so that is the word for the bonfire
we need hey he wanted to go to learning
something new every single day
time to go head off to the desert this
is the other side of the why you guys
don't see so normally I'll do the bill
up area but this is the more traditional
side I would say right it's nice to like
embrace yourself yeah yeah do stuff much
like back in the day people did but it's
nice just to like chill yeah no need you
like spend thousands of dollars on like
this and that you just sit there
chill know we should have done we should
go like sticks with marshmallows out of
it though I need a little small boy died
okay canadian-american thing no ok well
the American Acadian people watching you
know what I mean
s'mores she's like marshmallows I like
you put like chocolate in it oh my god
pause Devine guys were passing by
Linden's friend's house Mubarak that
palace but yeah that's where Linden's
friend lives he's the one meeting us so
he's gonna be in the vlog but I think
he's already there that's the reason we
caught me in my house so maybe next time
we're gonna go to Mike's house he has
like like he has loads of exotic animals
as well like I think that you have a
tiger you say or a monkey a leopard and
next time dolphins we're gonna see him
on the vlog now we have to like make a
connection so he can come back to his
house the Dolphins right that's dope
okay you guys might be seen that next
time I don't know my husband we'll see
we'll see
see that's pretty dope I never knew that
he was like yo that's more exciting I
was like what the guy reading up he was
like yeah
guys I'm so sorry I can play just like
that story it's very cool and I was like
what was your friend's name what's your
friends Eli let me say that's his house
but that is a really nice I mention it's
like a palace masha'allah is amazing so
we just pulled up to the side are you
coming here
we're gonna put the tire pressure down
okay we have to do that
that's cool I get to see if I came with
the car out of its dark exactly orange
over yeah so you guys are seriously
learning some new things today
we have to take down the tire pressure
because it gets stuck in sand around 20
to 15 psi on each time you know what's
funny I have no idea what a regular
amount should be and I Drive like 30 so
if I ever get stuck I can't even fill
out there on my own tires you need light
I'll hook you up with the iPhone light
there you go
how'd you check it though how did you
check how much is left in the tire oh
okay so you got like some cool equipment
over here plus for you guys saying oh
yeah a supercar no guys he's lying this
is his he left the Ferrari oh I sure I
don't know how to do anything when it
comes to cars I know how to take it to
the service at night and I can drive it
there yeah going in Robert will be going
like into desert so if he kills me guys
you know who to I want to come here more
now especially here on weekends it's hot
yes thumbs up this video if you want us
to come back on weekends because Lyndon
told me there's like loads of cars they
do like you know then there are type of
things a boot style drift they
accelerate they do everything apparently
we have to open the bonnet so the car
like has more breathing space I'd say so
it cools down so it cools down when
you're in the desert doesn't overheat
imagine that's the last thing you want
it to overheat yo I can I know what you
mean sigh here cars going then then
ended and I'm not even in the desert
right now so imagine here's a bit of
different music for you guys Tina
my friend
I do ish yeah belly we're starting from
here okay so this is the start point
guys okay do we have to go we don't have
to Company Inc up on the road but future
I can went up there oh I like to say why
would you mean okay I hope you know your
ding I really do oh that's nothing man
that's exciting
and all the local you like what's little
yeah everybody does y'all funny I'm
sorry for my reaction 3 why would I
climb in like two seconds
Oh point oh jeez Oh
when you start crying on the lyc√©e yeah
this is so Steven you're like you went
from talking too much you don't start
looking Oh
rightio we found the spot we found it
guys this is a nice spot to play to the
bone play everyone
slow - I don't know you will mark an X
on the floor so whenever you visit the
speaker y'all okay why are we going down
oh oh yeah shout out to the once it was
his name
shake something he got stuck here the
day and I pulled them out really yeah
shaker Abu Dhabi's and with you watching
I'm the one who you are okay so we're
gonna go somewhere super creepy my
reaction was more but how bad is it like
 no it's not like but it's kind of
like deserted and there's like trees in
over like you're very scary okay oh I'm
just around the tire okay guys it's
getting super quiet I'm sorry but it's
also game it start yet super spooky
oh I think Linda's having fun like
taunting me today
the best part is I just asked Linden
where we go he's I think I remember I
think I remember I already do know I'm
right - is taking I think the safest
option occasion oh yeah I strap you like
were like ghost hunting you know I mean
no apparently there is a little ghost
here okay calmed completely don't say
that
seriously okay let's just stay near
humanity that why are we going not fun
okay it's left here okay
way to go down this like come on windows
on this cab is it that bad look at this
like it's y'all its end no seriously
like this is where people like you know
I mean it's where people go missing no
no apparently there's been like ghost
stories here Oh chill no please don't
tell me this our not our guy I say I
lose it you know right at the end of
this road yeah it's like a I think it's
an old monster cool is it anyway it's
like a deserted building is scary
you know sushi I why why did you not
tell me this when we came ha ha ha no
this is this is spooky like I can
imagine something coming out of the
woods
I actually greeted you regret - coming
up I feel I feel spooked out with your
story I'm losing my trust in you Linda
my adventures
Linda nano adventures I swam DUP I'm
never going as it should fire - this
place together no seriously I was like
this is spooky beyond measure
I I turned off the light just because I
wanted anything out there not to spot
that we were here it's kind of hard like
what my feelings on yeah but I don't
want them to see inside the car you know
I mean is it the denim great it gets
better and better guys I swear if I
legit like see something you are
pressing that reverse as quick as
possible and we are out I swear like
this our life is in Linden's hand right
now
gosh that was scary oh did you see that
I was legit
guys some birds just threw out there
okay now just go as soon as possible get
out of here man this seems like
are you gonna realize I - spooky yet
somewhere to a dead end and stuff like
comes out the bushes holy have you ever
been to them InFocus piece we need to
get off yet see the zoo it's good you're
not go with Linden oh no I don't think
anything will happen guys but it's
seriously like freaky ups tonight I
think I'm just trying to persuade my son
just kidding you just kidding sure yeah
sorry hey seriously that as soon as you
break other side it yo that's like a
dome Wow okay yep that's the best I'm
just accelerating to the go that makes
sense going up is any have to go up fast
I think he likes the vlog can one of
them be over zero okay to five
why are you gonna save us to the vlog we
came back to the same spot for some more
wood apparently two is not enough need
like four or five so yeah we like a
group of people now I'm not going to
blog inside because I don't know if they
want to be on the blog but we'll see you
guys at the bonfire
we're setting up for a bonfire here wait
how many chairs are there three only
three and it's like so many of us okay
sounds good happen I'll sit on the floor
no why are we doing now I want to teach
the vlog what your day I don't know what
I'm done just that
give me the shoe
oh okay
it doesn't seem that easy slight like
the wood isn't really what we wanted to
start apart from underneath okay yeah
that's a good one that was a good one
we're just saying around the bonfire and
just having some snacks
speak up music is good no nobody can
hear you can they hear me I don't know
you know so for those of you wondering
who I was with our two of Linden's
friends Sohaib and mubarak you can say
hi to the vlog Illume so yeah we're just
chillaxing here the fire is actually
starting to go dry because the wood is
finishing off it's super super hot is
yeah we're hanging out in the area where
there's loads of planes passing so
that's why I haven't been vlogging too
much because the noise
it's not too great I'll see you guys
once we get all my tools to show you one
of them and yeah peace
what are you doing
okay that and that is that's the end ha
ha ha that's so fun you say Lazlo's ha
ha ha ha
one fire now there you go out there
there you go that's what you do when
you're done with it I just bought a
really really rare G Wagen I'm gonna go
see if I can record it it looks dope
check this out guys Wow this is the new
g wagon by the way if you're wondering
it looks super super dope thank you
anyways the reason why we stopped by is
because Linda needs to fill up his tires
we did deflate them but you need to
inflate them when you're on the road so
that's what he's doing right now
so I think it's about time you guys knew
a bit more about Lyndon because he's
going to be more of the vlog so I guess
we could share a little bit of
information so obviously name is Linden
is half British half Filipino hi and he
studies in South Africa and he's
studying to become a pilot in Shaa
that's so insane alike inshallah you
obviously each other but I've actually
never known someone that's going to
become pilot one of my old friends did
one ooh but I don't know about him
anymore so pretty cool I thought I'd
share that with you guys so you can know
a bit more about him that's dope right
there's like such a cool mixture and
everything anyways yeah we're just
waiting for our turn to like fill up the
tires because we have to like D play it
for the desert and obviously you can't
go on road because it like I could
actually feel the deflation yeah it's
like much like harder to turn so we're
gonna do that in the peddle phone was a
good day toes we did like we'd go son
Harry did Harry and I just saw that
really cool g-wagen then it was like she
wait are you gonna record outside yeah
might as well let's try yeah gave me the
ideal side I'll be don't forget we're
actually that I wish you reckon they are
though I think probably about above my
thick creamy yeah and the normal one
coffee I don't dance and to be honest
the plate numbers like three million so
just added a yeah more than the car
it's insane we're just gonna wait up
until it's our turn and then we'll see
you in the car me from karaoke again I'm
so glad you guys are saying mission
success we got everything down we filled
the air we saw a really cool rare car
I think it's angry guys are finally hold
sides say goodbye to Linden for the vlog
today I'm not sure I'll do a wrap-up
here off the vlog if there's anything
exile say inside but you guys have
enjoyed today's look you know what to do
hit the like button subscribe to the
channel if you haven't already and find
the words Yolo Yolo just continue
straight bro okay
Yolo Yolo goodbye everybody mmm
