this is a reach popping song
yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
I'm in a good mood this morning I'm in a
good mood I feel pumped I just did some
weights biceps starting to grow a little
not too much to be on something they're
actually getting smaller than anything
but yeah feeling fresh just did a bit of
a workout videos uploading and then
we're good to go out and do something
I'm not sure exactly what the plan is to
be honest so I'm just going to improvise
figure something out you're not going to
believe this look at where bubbles is
bubbles what the hell are you doing all
the way up there oh my god
don't fall oh my gosh this is the tree
and he went all the way up bubbles he's
gonna panic and jump on the other side
come on down this way this way bubbles I
don't know how to help him this way Shh
this way come here come here he's scared
oh my god yeah come come oh yeah this is
the wrong way
couple come back good boy good boy yeah
let him do it himself that dudes okay
there you go
ah we literally just came outside and
had no idea of always was and I looked
up the tree and he was all the way at
the top which was like ridiculous but he
made it down which is really good
because that means if he goes there
again he'll know his way back down
himself so thumbs up to that man that's
good job my mom was just doing a bit of
cooking but I wanted to share this with
you guys because I've always found this
interesting now this powder this is cool
saffron it's like this spice I guess
it's something you just add to your
cooking which makes it taste better I
think it's good for you as well but this
powder is super super expensive I swear
like I've never understood why and I
just googled I'm going to show you I see
so from this website you can see eight
grams is 96 dollars and if you calculate
that eight grams into a kilo that's
approximately twelve thousand dollars
per kilo of this bread powder like this
itself is like five grams which equates
to like if you want in dollars I think
$60 so this little packet which is
ridiculous so I might start growing
myself so how do you grow this okay
comment down below cuz I think we need
to start yes start growing something
like good good I'm making some money out
of it
I'm ready no I don't leave it leave it
away and he won't like instantly killing
or anything but trust me the bird is
smarter than you think
no Jessie ah yeah the bird doesn't look
smart but was the only one done out here
the bird is just playing with him
leading him on with no home keys is
there like I'm too fat to chase anything
round to today Bob bubbles versus the
bird I so bad at this you're not gonna
believe what just happened bubbles had
to fight with grump they really actually
attack each other but they were chasing
each other and they went all the way to
there right there and grumpy jumped into
the neighbor's garden so my sister's
just trying to go up that ladder to see
if he's okay do you need help with that
uh uh oh you're trying to get it out
like you checked already okay so I'm
going to be super honest the reason we
have not gone out till now is because
the whole day my sister has been super
sick I think she got some sort of food
poisoning and this morning she was just
like messed up from that but now she's
feeling a bit bare and I've got a plan
for today just to keep it like a relaxed
chill out blog so she gets better we're
gonna stay at home and we're gonna play
some Monopoly with a twist now we always
do this
it's like this family tradition there's
already a tradition but basically we
normally do with cards Bob switching up
I'm changing the game to monopoly and
loser has to pay for food and dessert
tonight so food is probably going to be
KFC if I lose because that's what I'm
paying for
I'm not pay for anything else I'm only
paying for hay Seok if however if they
lose and they pay maybe I can it make
exceptions to other food but the only
thing I'll be coming out my pocket is
like fast food that I like because
sushi yeah oh my no no no she pays your
sushi um no bomb no Yi Matt okay if I
win we give Kitty away we Sookie how
about that we won't even give her away
for free we'll set our okay kitty such a
spoiled cat what's up just pee here Lana
no if I win we sell her we're playing
for gays live here if I win you kitty
you ready to play Monopoly are you ready
let's open it up let's open it this one
is my favorite one Disney loved it okay
man you nobody needs a manual we should
all know how to play Monopoly mom Jean
arts play you do really really she does
she doesn't know okay except from my mom
if you guys don't have to a monopoly
I'll be disappoint you should know how
to play this game I mean everyone okay I
don't know there might be a lot of
people that don't but personally I love
monopoly so let's get this started
oh okay watch this watch this I love
opening this wait wait wait let's do it
the proper way
okay three two one boom boom there you
go I love this monopoly look at it the
only problem I have with monopoly is the
fact that my sister is actually a
cheater now I'm going to keep this close
to me because she has a tendency or
sometimes Anna you know slip away a
couple five hundred in there
you're sharpening you always cheese stop
lighting
well I'm going to keep my eye on the
bank that's what I'm saying that's all
I'm saying
she has a tendency or sometimes making
money go missing here and there so keep
your eyes on the bank guys that's what
we have to do that's what I'm saying
it slows it this is Katie's way of
joining in monopoly look at her look at
look at her kitty you want to play
Monopoly official sponsor kitty the cat
it turns out monopoly is going to be
much harder than I thought my sister is
still not ready and my mom has no idea
how to play the game great someone help
me Lord is finally downstairs miss food
poisoning and she's ready to play
Monopoly
are you ready where your money at dough
where your money at look that's the
budget then a little bit this this is
the budget that I'm going to be buying
food with if I lose okay don't worry
about how much it is not sushi price
that's what adds up to thank you Anna
coming out here you go and broad trust
me I did I didn't give you much to work
with there I'm broke I'm broke after
buying a car I don't have any food you
do realize this is buying the family
food not just you okay let please so I
can order a buck you of KFC with that
sushi sushi what are you looking at
you're so retarded there's an ad talking
on the ceiling okay go upside down I
don't think that's an ad is very some
piece of cloth stuck
let's listen to one of my favorite songs
I make you so happy in life it's called
get the song come on get the song
there's something Disney or day it gets
our accouterments of this this is a
reach pop eating song can we stop the
song what song is this and that the oh
it's a necessity
first up we have to choose our
characters what are you gonna have I'm
gonna go for me shiny okay so you want
take your bow there you go you can have
Tinkerbell I'm personally gonna pick I
maybe um okay I'm gonna pick Peter Pan
no you can put it yeah go put me around
the corner like I can't afford to
stretch out and then finally mommy mo is
gonna go for Dumbo Dumbo mommy are you
okay look so angry you guys want to know
my mom has been moaning and complaining
I'm being the banker because of my
sister's bad record at the banking he's
lying I swear guys when I was younger
yeah how old was I when I for I did
something like that 15 at least and used
to shit so bad like imagine I was just
newly seven year old more night
I would just be like yeah winning and
then my sister without like a stack of
this much in our hand I'm like what is
happening and word our friends they
would sit next to the bank if they'd
just be robbing it like every bucket
maybe I was like doing it with my friend
but if I'm alone I don't do that that's
why I'm the banker today fair and square
okay I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it
over here
mommy don't you really know how to play
no she has no idea she's like you should
know you basically go around the board
you start here
oh I press something and then you go all
the way around the board good good
hundred more times get it right yeah
that's the game don't go bankrupt okay
don't do I do I spent all my - like life
do not waste your money okay keep the
moolah invest and make more money right
right okay
a 200 - yeah okay I go first I go first
you see that a tuna see this thickness
take the camera yeah you can you can
vlog me so you see the worst thing is
when you that will go first where
compares on for no reason that's okay
kitty has decided Jones for the game Oh
my dice blow my nice but why nice
kitty-kitty
no you're not supposed to go in the
middle of the game okay you right why is
there like some number going like 14 15
16 on your scanner 'yes i mean on your
on your company well yours are just
cream Oh what does it mean that's how
many seconds you know but oh when it
okay fine
look at education if monopoly marks okay
let's just imagine were playing honestly
to go they fucked us she took the dice
in her mouth you're not involved in this
game anymore Hugh you're a nuisance
yep sit down sit down in the corner in
the corner chair no Lana sickness is hit
again she's given up on monopoly drowsy
and you're taking way too long okay the
thing is I'm winning now that's why
they're getting jealous you're gonna owe
me a nice KFC at the end of this you
already has the other two you can build
cottages after four cottages or even a
castle have you you're teaming up
against me not to sell me anything
no you're whether you'll be bankrupt I'm
sorry okay that means that I'm gang
teamed up against not to get any
property yeah but I have to invest so
much to make you I have no money to
build cottages look I've only got ones
and fives
Wow is that how it's gonna be is that
how it's gonna be okay oh we're doomed
we are doomed mummy mo has the first
castles Oh
oh I was the first person to land on my
mum's hotel Wow how much do I owe you
look reader card please
no I think the other ones more the other
ones more oh my god you pay how much is
it 350 don't lie don't lie
okay I'm bankrupt
I'm bankrupt ego y'all okay yo which
which ones I start mortgaging out here
the thing is there's nothing I can build
a three off so I'm basically lost you
told me to build a castle Mulan Mulan's
getting mortgaged 130 okay 130 per Peter
Pan is sixty so that's 190 okay let's
just take 200 in your back ten how much
I or okay mom stop stop rubbing it in
here you got you're taking my money
you're taking my mom what type of mother
are you here I'm legit bro look at my
money look at my money look I brought
one's tens 20s now my biggest nose are
13 14 15 20 are you are you serious
right now
oh thank you thank you thank you for all
the change I need to makes you look more
I'm losing every time I land on tax Oh
dumb game here just put it on ball now
so there you go if you're wondering who
won today's gambling monopoly where is
my mom
yeah food gambling monopoly there you go
okay people pack up Pat okay we get it
you won you won pack up now loser
I puke in there we go dreaming much
harder B no worries
boy they're asking you it's a
problem-free philosophy Hakuna Matata
yes that right
what's the matter okay your cats are
looking at my kidding already okay you
know you can attach your retarded man
don't damage my swegway your retarded
get off my Segway those are good segways
okay you can actually go by them if you
wanted one whoa we can make a new
invention out of this it's time to head
out and go to our KFC now we were gonna
order in but takes way too long and you
know I just realized you are exactly
like your mother you know why I can't
come here come here I'll tell them why
okay start standing for length
why do you reckon it's not even the
outfit it's both of you have ridiculous
sneakers on what the hell are those
you're all wearing like all black and
then purple sneakers and she's got like
black with white sneakers that's
ridiculous
word
this is how I treat my family guys I
make them walk to KFC with me yeah I
know meet you at least is making us work
for the food
nah now we have to wait for the food
wanna race me no he doesn't erase me
just gonna grab myself some Pringles cuz
like when I don't eat and I'm super
hungry like saliva just goes in my mouth
John saw vinegar that's all vinegar they
don't have your flavor by the way
my mom and my brother have decided to
take a shortcut I just hope we don't end
up having to do like a guys know where
we're going we want to keep all the way
around this place finally that's a nice
tree right over here see my dad for
Norwich it yeah so we're going to be
walking down this area which you have no
idea where leads to by the way this
could go two ways we can either double
our route or make you a bit shorter yeah
I look so tired today I didn't you guys
can tell but oh boy sad fuck matte black
right yeah yes I see that Wow look at
where we came out very nice
I really have no idea if we're still
going the right way like we're just
going down some like forest place for
the rest of your days it's a
problem-free necessity Hakuna Matata
I say your son I knew you'd start seeing
as soon as the lady possible item you
here so here is as promised everybody
gets KFC obviously just the bucket I
love when the bread is screaming like
that
spice okay this this is what you call
the best price in the world spicy fries
Cheers
Ilana they don't want you to have a bun
you know why because they don't want to
see you eating good so show them what
you eating show them the bun mommy more
that applies to you as well
don't don't ever think that they want
you to good because the only people that
want you to eat good are the yo-yo squad
they're the ones that want you doing
good you're the best
yeah I'd pay you ten thousand dirhams to
take a shower and that that would be so
awesome
you don't take a shower shampoo
everything no no obviously with your
clothes on but I mean take a shower with
your clothes with her I'm getting it out
okay
I completely left my mama's sister
because I'm gonna skate more than I can
take this home way quicker and it's milk
so we know what it's get rude
I'm coming by this empty garage no empty
I mean this shortcut this is the
bumpiest road ever oh can I fit oh yes I
can
Wow he made it you made the green light
oh look at that guy's grumpy steer Oh
grumpy it's okay
it's me hi the reason grumpy might be so
scared is because the fight they had to
do Bob was like he literally fell for my
ten meters into the tree down so that's
why I might be a bit frightened I'm
gonna pull this in the bridge and I'm
gonna head back from my mother sister I
sure my nose is so good that might be
sounding different so I'm sorry about
that all right bob was I know I just got
home but I'll be back in like five
minutes or here they are five I made it
you guys are so slow
you brought chocolate on the way way no
wonder you guys took so long caught
somebody slipping
Toby what the hell are you doing in the
middle of the road at 11 o'clock are you
out playing are you out with them you
know them Wildcats what did I tell you
about going on dates late at night what
did I tell you Toby
no no don't don't rub yourself against
me I told you don't be hanging around
and boys that night where's she look at
her Pro doesn't Michaela assume she sees
my mom and sister she leaves shake my
head and thought I thought I could
respect that cat that cat is such a gold
digger she left me for you guys that
have food
I'm not sure if you know this but
yesterday I was locked out of my
facebook account because they need to
know it's actually me and not some fake
person and at the moment I'm trying to
get back in ok let's open way what is
this play audio you all right you're
nice too
what the hell cares play again hey let's
go again
2 9 9 0 0 9 9 2 2 yes okay that's wrong
I swear submit let's see that I submit
look okay please confirm your identity
we're going to show you some photos
just get okay yep okay it's you don't
he's beautiful this is the problem I'm
having guys I've added around 5,000 of
you and it's telling me to skip asking
me what your names are I only gives you
3 skips I can't wait this guy you might
like the thing is ok look at the problem
I'm having guys that's a guy in the
photo that's a group of people and
that's a lady so like I wouldn't even be
able to like estimate your names oh my
oh my god alrighty my facebook account I
don't think I'm getting your back so I
just go for the guessing in let's go for
the guessing game ok let's see they can
help along with us no it looks like
actually I feel Google their names it
will come up oh that is such a genius
move yeah you're actually Facebook I
learned how to cheat you I learned how
to cheat Facebook but um yeah there's
like 500 people with that name like how
are you gonna know it's me so Facebook
still doesn't want to do my account so
we're just gonna keep saying we have no
form of ID let's see what they say how
can we help uploading your I just said
we don't have ID and they're telling me
about loading your ID
what the hell is going on Facebook
anyways as you saw that I don't think
I'm going to be getting my Facebook
account back because I can't really be
bothered to get my ID in and I don't use
Facebook that much anyways so if you did
enjoyed today's log hit the like button
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog today my sister was sick so we
didn't go out much but now she's feeling
much better so hit the like button to
make sure that food poisoning never
comes back and we can always go out
anyway see you tomorrow with another
vlog bye now
goodbye yonder Yolo bye boy
