good morning everybody welcome to
another vlog so I'm sing outside here
with grumpy do you know who grumpy is
whoa ok grumpy is that cat that black
cat over there
and bubbles completely hate sin wait I
want to sit close to you grandpa look
I'm not gonna do anything I just want to
sit I just want to sit come back grumpy
I left there he is I'm not gonna go too
close
ah what is all of that was that stuff on
the screen it's from the Sun there you
go have to cover it up but that's grumpy
eating his food if I even close
to approach him he's just gonna run away
these two are Grumpy's arch-enemy what
the hell the crows crowing away by the
way let me know this is just me or you
guys have heard this is all I think it
was my grandma that told me like if the
crow is crowing that means there's going
to be some news or something's going to
happen maybe someone's going to visit
you is it just me what you guys have
something like that as well like I don't
know I don't know I'm just I'm just
putting that out there because I think
my grandma used to say I should lie for
crows crowing then there's some new news
coming out or there's I know someone
coming to visit you and yeah that that's
what she told me I guess it's kind of
like when they say from bird poo zone
you it's good luck it's kind of similar
to that currently on my way to go take a
blood test is it called getting a blood
test taking about tests I'm not too sure
exactly but this bus looks so massive
next to us for a second I thought it was
coming on to us well I know he was on
his own name he was going on to us ok he
was about to kill us what the hell let's
go see if your boy is
bloody good did you get it I just
that was a Jaguar f-type by the way so
as I was saying I just finished doing my
blood test and we've come over to the
Kurama post office so I guess this could
be something for you guys to learn as
well as me basically the reason I've
come over is you guys know I know this
has been going on for way too long for
you guys to even care anymore but I
wanted to make sure
don't worry without telling the vlog
I've still been trying with the online
companies but trust me when I say I'm
just going to be honest right now it's a
headache trying to work with online
companies like just emailing back and
forth and sometimes they don't reply so
you have to email again and that's why
I've come here because I'd much rather
try and make the shirts here and do buy
and send them off from here but the only
problem I was having is that the postage
prices were a bit high now I did a bit
of research and I realized that if you
do come to the main post office and
you're dealing with like bulk quantities
like I don't mean like thousands or
millions that's mean anything reasonable
they can give you a deal now a better
price on the postage so hopefully I can
run over there talk to them see what
type of price that you can give me for
the postage because I don't want to like
have a shirt that's going to cost like I
don't know 30 pounds to post and I want
to sell the Sharpe like 20 let's say
I'll be like 50 pounds so if you know I
mean it's going to be kind of ridiculous
so hopefully it works out and I can do
everything here if not then we'll just
have to see when you come into this
sweet shop and it looks absolutely
delicious Wow look at that
they've got everything
look at this cake it's like how many
stories is that one two three four five
six I think that's definitely a wedding
cake I just finished up at the post
office now the person I need to talk to
was not in there only in the morning but
I did get a general price list so I'm
gonna go home and read up on this
okay let's drive on my drive home I hope
the door is open we've actually come to
check out the Irish village the other
day I showed it in the vlog and I got so
many comments of you guys saying mole go
check it out trust me it's a really cool
place you can chillax and stuff like
that so we're on our way there right now
and yeah let's go see what it's all
about cuz from what I've heard it's all
been like positive feedback from the
place so let's go check it out yo look
at that or at the Irish village with my
weird hand again it's car parking the
Irish village Dubai first impressions it
looks like it's gonna be like an outdoor
barbecue type of thing let's go inside
and see it looks like a jungle type of
thing I don't know yo this might be
pretty cool let's go over there
I Wow okay
this is my first time here and I'm just
I'm just exploring like you guys are
doing so is this like a golf course I
think this is a golf course okay it's
like a we're exploring together guys and
I'm guessing this is all the restaurants
Wow very nice it actually looks like
London like the streets of London if you
know I mean and then this is like a huge
Christmas tree it wouldn't be more vlogs
if we didn't do some extra exploring so
that's the standard section when you
come in but I want to see what this
section is because it looks much emptier
today MO and mummy mo are in a mission
to explore Irish village for you guys oh
okay oh we made it to a tennis game
Wembley Wow
I came all the way to the top of the
seating area because you just feel on
top of the world like look at this it
looks like I've got some like really
good seats at a tennis game anyway let's
walk my way down wow I'm so tired
I really unfit aren't I this ain't even
Heights wrong let's go I can't even lie
they've got like one of the coolest
walkways here
so I'm sorry if I look like a complete
amateur but this is my first time here
and I want to see everything before like
I decide so this is like more
restaurants I'm guessing more
decorations I think if I'm not mistaken
it's going to loop around to where we
started I can see what you guys meant
this place is seriously very nice if
you're feeling lonely you can come sit
next to Bob over here and he's a helping
hand well that is the end of Irish
village I was going to stay to be honest
but I just ate like an hour ago so I
don't feel like eating anything I wanted
to just look around and see what it is
maybe in the future we'll come here with
a group of people and do some you know
munching did we come through this door
no we did come through this door yeah
okay we're at the exit now I think we
are anyways there you go thank you for
visiting century village wait no this
ain't where we were this is a different
place okay so Irish village entrance is
over there k let's continue yes let's go
around this way so there's a century
village and an Irish village and once
you loop around you start the Irish
village and then you end up in century
village I'm gonna do a small Irish
village review so when you come here it
actually looks completely different like
you don't even know you're in Dubai I'm
gonna be completely honest they made
like a really nice like area where you
think you're like half in London I don't
know like it looks really awesome if you
know I mean they've got all these
Guiness barrels here I'm guessing
they're fan of Guinness so my sister was
sleeping in the car and we got a fine
because they said you're not allowed to
have a homeless girl like her in your
corner yeah you know okay we won't speak
about that too much you know what I mean
okay it's really hot in the car are you
sleeping in here they actually looked
really nice
Jana does attack see behind me I'll honk
him I'll make him go
headache okay let's see where we're
going wait Oh magic money we're going
home I'm gonna buy myself a car magazine
I love staying up to date with like the
prices of the plate numbers but I put
that there
I'm not sure is it the automark one I
normally get or is it auto trader
I think it's auto trader I'm sitting
here going through some of the papers I
got the post office on the pricing of
how much it would cost to send out the
t-shirts now I want to show you guys so
you can kind of see why I'm having an
issue so there's three different types
of posting ems which is your quickest
way three to seven days it takes to get
to you guys then you have your air
parcels and sa-l parcels air parcels 10
to 15 days sao 20 to 30 days now the 20
to 30 days that's way too long I reckon
for someone to wait for a shirt and the
10 to 15 days is okay but let's go into
the pricing so obviously preferably you
would love to go for the EMS okay let's
get this pan out and start doing some
mathematics with you guys let's say a
lot of you guys are from the United
States of America which is this one the
minimum I can pay to get something
shipped which is less than half a kilo
is 105 Durham's now if you do the math
105 Durham's is like $28 and that is a
lot of money considering I'm sending a
shirt so let's just say for example the
shirt is $20 and if I add 28 or almost
$30 on to that that's a lot of money if
you know I mean just for the posting I'm
not even sure if it's worth me going
down and speaking to see that do you
like it yeah I don't know if it's going
to get reduced drastically or if it's
just like I know let's say a 20% cut or
10% cut so yeah that's kind of what I've
been going through we've been through
the EMS now I'm going to take you
through the air parcels not the SAO
because I think a month waiting a month
is way too long but let's go for the air
our switch is 10 to 15 days and I'm
going to do a comparison with the United
States so here we have the United States
so the airport's was going to cost you
50 plus 40 Durham's which is 90 so the
air parcel is a little bit more
reasonable but it's still around $25 to
ship something so or like 2324 I'm not
too sure exactly so that's still a lot
if you know I mean that's why I reckon
anyways let me know if you guys think
there's any bear alternatives because I
thought if I made it and sent out myself
would be like much less hassle because
at the moment I've been even healing so
many like you know the places that do it
online for you and they just don't get
back to you I saw them get back to you
the first time and then the second time
you get no reply so you have to just
email them again and just hope the best
it's just that's the problem there's so
many problems but you know what the key
to success is the key to success is be
persistent just keep on doing it and
eventually you will get something sorted
out but that's me with my paperwork done
I just wanted to kind of show you guys
the stuff that you have to like go
through behind the scenes now normally I
wouldn't show you guys but I don't know
I thought it'd be like a little learning
for you as well maybe you guys wanted to
start sending out stuff from divine you
don't know how it worked
that is how mode of truth let's take off
the blood sample the problem is when you
have hairy arms it pulls the hair I'm
going to make my mum pull up please pull
off like suddenly all that watch please
no no no don't please please oh that
hurts so bad
this is how you know I'm completely
bored with my life
I took the Smarties back here and that
is what I've done I've color-coded every
single smarty so obviously the first
thing you have to do is get rid of the
extras and eat them so you guys will
come here there we go I'll give some of
them to you okay now there's always
extra you can't go without extra so that
and that oh okay see I messed the whole
thing up now
okay that's 100% extras let's just take
all of that as well
now now we have a good amount left I
don't know what to do with this anyways
let's go through this magazine which I
just bought or can its hold it in
between our legs oh whoops
okay first thing is this plate number
that is a bookmark okay you have to cool
the number to see how much it oh wow
okay there you go the price a lot of
people actually don't know this but here
in Dubai plate numbers are kind of an
investment if you know I mean you can
buy them their value has gone up over
the past couple of years I would say and
yet this is an example of a plate number
plate number one which is probably the
most expensive one but this is not a
Dubai plate number so this is a wrassle
famer plate number if you're wondering
how much this plate number costs the
price is written right on that corner
there you go I'm not sure if you can
read that it says three million dirhams
now in dollars that is approximately
$800,000 and being completely honest
because this is russell famer it's much
cheaper than a Dubai plate number so
that kind of shows you for example let's
say I would save the pie plate numbers
cost 10 times the amount I'm not too
sure okay I don't take my word but I'm
saying it's much more than that so for
example if you wanted to get a
three digit plate number in Dubai you
would be spending anywhere between two
hundred and twenty thousand - I would
say a million because you can get
numbers like 3 3 3 1 1 1 etc etc so it
does vary a lot you know I mean so if
it's three random numbers I let's say 2
9 7 or something like that you could get
from maybe 250 230,000 and then if it's
a number like 4 5 8 like the Ferrari 4 5
8 then you're probably gonna be paying
around 400,000 for it because it's like
a you know what I mean yeah I think you
know what I mean
the reason I'm telling you if this is
because we're actually planning on
getting a plate number nothing obviously
in this standard maybe like a decent
four digit with like a little bit of
repetition in it I would say three but
for a three digit nice plate number and
do by your probably gonna be paying
upwards of half a million dirhams which
is like a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars so that is way too much out in
the budget so for a nice four digit you
might be paying around ten fifteen
thousand dollars it just depends what it
is it could cost way higher it depends
on the digits obviously but yeah we're
just gonna have to see about it and
that's why I got this auto trader
because I wanted to look at some of the
plate numbers let's go through some cars
together okay check this out guys
bubbles is wearing a 800,000 almost 1
million dollar chain if only this was a
real plate number bubbles if only we
would have been millionaires bubbles do
you like it she's not your chain isn't
like yo they Co she just by me at
$800,000 chain you broke my chain you
broke my chain give me a back yo yo yo
calm down bro calm down no no that's a
hundred thousand bubbles oh it's not
another please please please love us
please please always give me two give me
give it take it you know what take I
don't even want it anymore
that's like my noob mind before in
today's vlog I quickly want to ask you
guys something and it's in relation to a
giveaway basically I want to do and
giveaway by the end of this year which
is like in two weeks time and it's going
to be like first giveaway ever and I
kind of want to see what you guys want
now when I say that please be reasonable
in your suggestion so for example don't
say stuff like I want a Rolex more I
want stuff that's way too expensive just
be very reasonable I'll try my best
maybe like do two or three items so yeah
let me know you guys want I didn't know
if I should do like camera gear because
I don't even know many of you make
videos on YouTube I definitely know some
of you do but I want something that
everybody can be pleased with so let me
know two or three items try and like the
items that you also want so don't like
comment twice just try and make that one
come up in the comment section and yeah
2015 has been an amazing year I know
it's not over yet I just want to say
thank you so much for your support a
final message on this video just be
happy everybody do your best and yeah I
promise you will get rewarded for it
anyways for now Yolo Yolo bye
