oh good morning good morning everyone
and welcome back to another video you
beautiful people yes give me a kiss
welcome back to another vlog we are
starting out today's video with a very
special surprise okay so right now I am
heading over to Nusrat which is the
restaurant where you know the soap bay
guy is he's actually come back we're
gonna go have some lunch with him and
hopefully we get him on my blog this guy
can cut any meat any way he wants right
now I'm heading to lunch guys let's go
and let's go see what he's up to
woo hi guys so right now I am here in
this room with my guy Mohammed it it is
about to go down the stretch here as I
told you and he's gonna come cook for us
yeah you can make it happen
you can make a brother we're just eating
some food we're being healthy for once
God do this BAM grabbing salad are you
kidding me yo yo guys look who else we
have here we got my boy Messi Hey
Oh guys did you see that literally the
whole restaurant sorry not me I know
that's crazy right we made mr. old class
I don't know there's it for us maybe the
first row as I said we're here to have
some dinner guys
the food just got here we're quickly
they're quickly cooking up over here and
yeah we're gonna have a fish anyways
there you go right now we just finished
eating our food yo guys did you see that
mr. Himself came and cooked it I'm done
like I told you like now here's the
thing guys I have a very special
announcement at the end of today's video
so stay tuned because yet it's a big day
today has already story down in an
amazing way right now I'm heading over
to go see my friends and my boy
marijuana has brought his Lamborghini SV
out today so let's go have some fun brah
the car you know I came for the car the
car or a friend the car or friend the
car any day
Oh jokes I'd literally guys so here's
the thing I saw him driving on the other
side of the road like loud as I go so I
didn't stop talking me you've sent me a
DM you said Wow tell me my location
I saw him speeding on the other side of
the road speed I Drive very very safe
listen since I came all the way here I
have to hear this car get turned on guys
like ah look at the exhaust
that's what's gonna kill us by the way
guys we're here at s Ones house right
now and he just he just literally
disrupted the whole neighborhood thank
you
and there they go guys heading out in
the Lamborghini yeah first
okay the neighbors might hate him now so
check it out right now I know I just
said goodbye to my friends marijuana
Ness one but basically I'm here with my
family and we're about to go to gym are
you ready for this mom are you ready for
this let's go now as I said we are at
the gym with my family that needs you
guys might be wondering where I am right
now like this place is dope anyways
right now I'm about to go inside we're
gonna work out a little bit get those
muscles pumping you know why our muscles
why me
yes so right now my sister is about to
do some boxing the question is are you
ready for her punches why'd you step
back what was the step back what was it
you're cheating you can't run away
no I Lana you done you give up thank you
guys appreciate it you want to call out
any youtubers to fight you I was the
boxing are you sweating after a minute
like your eyebrows are about to sweat
off come on Lana you got this come on
Lana
why are you making that face yeah
Superman come on yeah you did it you're
off the floor oh here's the thing guys
you guys know that my family is not the
best like fitness family okay
we're not known for working a policy I'm
actually really enjoying this since
we're all together over here oh oh go go
go come on go go go go go
know what that I like you to him the
Rope is not even lifting guys this is
the most pathetic rope attempt I've seen
was doing it amazing
damn bro you're a heavyweight you're
officially a champ good job good job sis
I don't know if she knows what she's
doing right now this is this is not a
workout on us yo guys so here's the
thing now that I'm done at the gym I'm
actually heading out to go see what my
boy s1 is up to now the thing is I did
tell you I have an announcement for you
guys and it kind of has something to do
with him Islam right let's just say
let's just say that okay guys so we are
back with my boy s1 right now yes and
guys right now I don't know what the
hell is going on
so apparently apart from being a
musician he also directs like
advertisements with the marketing stuff
Bobby s1 is like the most multi-talented
person I know
everyday he's in another business like
literally look look at this I just roll
up over here oh my god bro it looks like
we're on the set for like a movie bro
what the hell is this I bro I'm gonna
let you do your commercial I'm heading
out are you see ya ah ah okay
guys what the fire alarm just went off I
don't know what happened I'm here trying
to watch him do an advertisement and the
whole building the fire alarm goes off
say evacuate evacuate i'ma leave before
they say it's me that did something cuz
I didn't do anything so here's the thing
right now I'm super super upset why why
guys my boy s1 told me to come here and
he's busy working you yeah you're right
you're right we're gonna go have dinner
right now yes just leave your work and
let's go no go I'll join you sit down
for a few minutes
you better not stand me up you better
not stand me up on this day I'll be
there fine let's go all right and I
haven't told them yet what we're doing
oh no no we can't tell them well this is
awkward
yeah he literally lied to me he didn't
join me for dinner nope nope I'm back at
home alone yep so I am finally back home
right now and it is time for me to tell
you the big news I'm gonna keep it short
and simple guys tomorrow I'm leaving
Dubai
yeah I'm not making this up I wish this
is a joke guys and honestly guys I feel
really bad because this year I've been
traveling a lot and every time I travel
it's without my family and I feel like I
feel like we just need a family trip
together and I feel bad because it's
always me traveling alone and they're
always here I feel like we need to plant
like a family vacation I remember when
we went to Zanzibar it was beautiful so
I feel like we need to do something like
that again but guys I am traveling
tomorrow now stay tuned so you guys can
see where I'm going here but here's the
crazy thing
I'm going with my boy and Sawada like I
told him and last minute like I just
don't I'm not gonna explain how happened
he is coming with me so yeah
I know it's crazy guys anyways yes I
just wanted to give you guys and use
that tomorrow I'm flying out of Dubai
guys so stay tuned we're gonna go on a
very cool adventure to get there and
it's about to get lit I I love you guys
Wasi tomorrow and yeah it's time to fly
Yolo Yolo
