yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so today I'm going to be doing something
super embarrassing but it's something on
my bucket list I've always wanted to do
this so today I'm paying for my new
Mustang and the way I want to do is I
want to go to the bank take it all out
in cash and take the cash in the
showroom and see their reaction I guess
I'm not sure if I'll record it but
regardless you're going to see me going
to the bank and taking their money oh my
sister we're first going to go take your
car for a wash because it's looking a
bit dirty and yeah then we're gonna head
off to the bank you ready let's go it's
so embarrassing engine on they call me
Mom they call me stupid they call me Mom
they call me beautiful I'm doing a
hotline bling on freaking high like oh
gee myself beautiful grumpy I cat get
back home to go home uh what's that guy
doing over there
Mia please be quiet but it's red light
not anything like last time though okay
slow around the corner then accelerate
okay let a scream you were doing a
safety to Simon slowly and then you
bring your bonnet
I get rice okay Oh doubt again today we
did a safety this time guys
good job loss Tommy almost we almost
killed ourselves on the corner Oh
my buddy Joe we finally made it over to
our car wash we're just gonna drop the
car in I promise those tracks were not
okay we're not doing donuts here but
yeah we're just gonna drop the car in
let's see what they have inside normally
they have a couple Lambos you know all
choices in there so let's see what's up
inside so I did mention the car which we
come to us some pretty nice cars and
sometimes you're gonna run into some
diamonds out here and I mean cars that
are out of your norm not your Bugattis
or your Lamborghinis but stuff even more
special than that and today we have one
here the lichen veneer Super Sport
there's only one of these in the entire
world
do you know how rare it is to see that
car it's extremely rare so let's just
take a good look at it while we have the
opportunity to oh my god these actually
have not even started getting into
production there's going to be 25 made
per year but at the moment there's only
this one because obviously as I said
they haven't even started producing it
so let's go look at the back of the car
oh my god look at this look at that I
feel so blessed to stand next to it
right now it looks gorgeous I mean I
don't think you can compete with this
car in terms of looks so yeah this is
where we wash our car and you sometimes
run into cars like this I mean I've seen
so many nice cars at this carwash it is
a really nice place but this this has to
be the most special one I've run into so
far
damn anyways here's our car getting
scrubbed down with soap looks nice and
tidy this is how you stunts on the
instagrams guys dude do that stunting
here in my garage we have a likened
veneer Super Sport can you give the vlog
commentary about what we're seeing
behind you
like my next favorite car give me one
okay come here come around let me show
you some of the features first of all it
has the UAE flag on it you see that the
UAE flag just small touches of design
but this car looks gorgeous printscreen
it because you're not going to see this
star very often you're standing sir
pretend like it's yours
here my garage anyways yep that is the
car we saw today my sister's new car
hopefully crossed our fingers 10 years
time from now 20 years
well yeah Wow the thing is you know
they're not even like in production at
the moment this is the only one in this
a demo one yeah yeah you should
definitely snap it man get it for the
Instagram bro get it for the Instagram
we need the views oh great job bro game
it's the Lycans paneer super sport super
sport go for it super sport you got it
bro you got it baby won't you come my
love thing I wanted to say going for me
get up
just one so yeah I think you should hit
them up be like y'all I'm Lana Rose let
me drive let me drive it
no no okay wait before I can do talking
my sister wants to show you something
this morning granny was sitting outside
the door he looks so cute look good
grumpy she looks so ugly nobody looks
angry but he always is angry picture he
looks really like nicer girl please give
me the food why every single time I come
here and he looks like he's gonna attack
me because she doesn't like you of it
yeah though he is scared to people he
doesn't like people but he doesn't wanna
wait grumpy man fixed rat you sure okay
there's our cards
what are you ready now it's gonna come
down this runway Wow a gateway to heaven
it looks like a sporty edge
no back to what I was saying let me know
what you think the person's reaction is
going to be when I take cash guys he's
going round one hand this is a weird to
do it
I'm sorry about yeah hey they told me
cash he's only a different guys
I get the buzz draw for a local club
okay I'm just about to go to the bank
and withdraw the cash what do you think
guys gonna be like Brad I don't know
should I take five hundred two hundred a
hundred so I take all of them have a
nice rainbow I just got my little slip
let's go see I think okay I think why
chose was good 100k in 560 K in 240 K
and hundreds won't be a nice amount its
ass no 390 I see people on TV doing all
the time and it's so cool like Floyd
Mayweather doesn't do it okay I can do
it to give missing you oh I'm gonna do
you know what I want to be like them I
wanna I want to be up in the Floyd
Mayweather blood they're like tweets
this video shots and shots I did this
for you at the moment the monies are my
sister's back don't tell anyone
don't tell anyone so we just finished up
at the bank guys and we're having a
little bit of a problem now till
guardzilla way through there but you
know what the problem is apparently
you're only allowed to take a hundred K
out because you're a lot liar in there
like we have 200 K and it was I map I
realized you mean it was like you can't
take more than 100 K after three o'clock
before three you can take whatever you
want like your whole bank account but
only on UK after that so yeah I kind of
failed the plan for today and it's
getting kind of late so tomorrow morning
we're going to come and take the next
hundred K check out this ice cream shop
place not that much now as I said the
plan kind of built today and we're going
to come back to more I'm just having
some KFC now my sisters in front of me
with a hundred racks in the bag
how do you feel watch your bag watch it
closely thank you keep it close to you
if that that's half a Mustang in there
that is half a Mustang in there you know
I should to take
yeah put two straps be safe be safe be
secure for once I actually ate before my
sister and now when we came to the sushi
base for her to eat lettuce they got
loads of sushi hey this is how you keep
come on snap it man what are you doing
that's the thing it is pick it up
that-that-that's a perfection
you can't even lift it that's that's
ready for day like seriously I feel I
thought you had the oriental side in
yourself oh Jesus
sure what the hell yeah we generally get
its huge amongest anyways I'm just gonna
have to set this sushi place I wait for
my sister to finish my mom is actually
into fool she's with Linton's mom and
they're just hanging out so yeah
everyone's having a great day except for
me I couldn't even get you under caper
the bangs the feeling you get when your
sister has a hundred caner bag and she
walked into a makeup store hell naw hell
to the knot which is going to blow the
mummy
who's gonna come back with like a 50km
we like the rest is gone
okay drink drink let me see how you see
yourself when you're drinking know
exactly what what are you gonna see Oh
oh my god that was such a long ride and
I never feel like a ride is so long my
mom actually got home before us I'm not
sure if you can see her but yeah there
we go
another day with my sister's all for
driving look at what the buttons from
here man they look so cool I'm not sure
if you've ever seen this but we use our
Lamborghini for our food shopping it's
got like a little light in there there
you go
let's get everything out hey you take
the rest yeah moment of truth white bag
what is in there Lana what is it there
why not oh my god what the hell hundred
one hundred one hundred let's not even
discuss it now whoa okay so just to have
okay wait can we give it back to me get
back to me just to have all the colors I
decided to get three stacks of 100's I
like the pink then we have one stack of
the 200s and one 500 so there you go
okay let me take my dirty tissues I'm
sorry I'm sorry no scenery mourning
collection I'm articulate let's add it
yeah yeah well upgraded money collection
videos obviously this would be worth
much more well that's pretty cool I
don't know why is it just me or like as
a kid I've always liked having like cash
just like bundles of cash are you sure
should we come out
I'll take ages soon but there you go
so I did promise you what's wrong with
them
position ready let's see what a yeah oh
look at that imagine if they start
scratching the money all she wants to
say hi to me oh there you go good girl
yeah kitty doesn't even like you she's
look at her she's so zoned out oh my god
if you see your eyes oh I thank you
but yeah there you go guys I did promise
you I'll go get it all in cash now this
is only half the amount I'm gonna go get
the rest tomorrow and yeah I think I
want to see the guys reaction torn I
take the whole thing in cash hopefully
he's like what the hell are you doing
but I die I think more people than me up
taking cash so I don't think it's like
special for anyone's sake - cos here
imaginary the only reason that so much
is because I went and took smaller notes
but realistically four stacks of this or
only four so I'll show you in
perspective this much would have been
the amount for my car if you took it all
in 500s and if you took it all in 1,000
it would have been this much so wouldn't
have been much order to carry around in
cash but yeah the reason it looks so
much is because I took like the less
valuable notes so yeah just for the sake
of bubbles and Kitty not ripping the
money up my sister's going to take it
upstairs so yeah there you go
come back with my money tomorrow morning
and we can go buy the car that's half a
Mustang you're holding right
thank you I'll try my best I wanted to
show you two really cool things I found
from like I wouldn't say my childhood
but like my teenager hood so I'm gonna
show you both of them the first one this
is from a trip I went to South Africa
look at me my face looks so different
I'm not sure if the picture came out but
yeah I was paying a baby line we're in
like this cage with loads of baby lions
and yeah I thought that was really
really cool I loved that day was so
awesome and secondly this is me with one
of my Bros James from London you all
know him and we're on a ride this is
actually we I know I look ridiculous but
in all fairness the ride was one where
you get wet and I took off my t-shirt so
I never ever in my life wore vest
outside normally so don't think because
of the foci ever did I would never do
such a thing even though we didn't
manage to go pay for the car today I'm
kind of happy because I actually get to
see your boats now now if you guys don't
know my videos always have a two day
delay now the reason is I just recorded
it like that and there's no way I can
skip a day unless I put out two at once
and I just feel like that's the best way
just so I have enough of a gap to be
able to edit the videos and everything
like that if something goes wrong I'm
always going to have a video up where if
I had a one day gap let's see internet
got cut off for one day I would
what the what I was trying to record a
video I swear I forego I was gonna tell
the vlog like I'm completely just
shocked
I know that was like some fireworks
going on and you changed it darling
guessing oh I just completely realized
something which I had forgotten about
tomorrow as well as going to pay for the
car I've got my conference school in
regards to my t-shirt so tomorrow's
actually a bigger day than I thought now
if you don't know what's going on
basically a big online company contacted
me and said we're happy to make your
shirts but the moment I have no idea
what's going to happen if I'm even gonna
accept offer we actually just need to
talk about it and yeah I've got a
conference call for that tomorrow but
I'm gonna go to the car showroom way
before the conference cool anyways so I
might have to just sit in right now and
quickly edit tomorrow's vlog so I can
head out in the morning go pay and do my
little funny business at the showroom
just give a full cache and then come
home to have my Skype conference cool
and I'm crossing my fingers hopefully
they give me a deal that I'll be happy
with and then I can start producing the
shirts for you guys and yet more could
actually be a huge day Wow I just
realized based on that I'm gonna end the
vlog here so I can get to editing I'm
sorry we didn't end up getting the car
today but you saw the bank was like nah
you ain't taking more than 100k today
and we had to come home so I'll see you
tomorrow with a massive massive vlog to
be honest today we did see a like confor
near Supersport and that is a pretty
decent car like here my garage we have a
lichen veneer Supersport you're not
going to see
that anywhere else really so yeah I hope
you did enjoy regardless I'll see you
guys two more for a huge day like that
day is a - life changer and yeah for now
see you tomorrow
Yolo Yolo goodbye
