good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog where should I say yo yo yo
okay so for the longest time ever I've
actually not have Nutella and bread have
had whatever I can't speak English you
guys know that right now I know me like
I have had it but like as a popsicle
stick or on cake or something weird but
for the first time in a long time I'm
doing what is right so there we go oh my
god oh my god just dab it on there we go
that's how you do it dab it on why this
is perfection when you lift the knife
from here to here it's like reloading
time like just boom let's go I think I
think I'm overdoing it that's enough for
now that's good I'm not even going to
lie to you this right here
bread and Nutella I had for two years
straight as my packed lunch in school
for year eight and nine it was
ridiculous like I was so fat back then
like I mean my belly was so round I
might find some old like childhood
pictures of myself but yeah I think that
was a major cause a bit Nutella every
single day I had to like sandwich bread
it was like these bread let me show you
yeah exactly this I just have two of
these breads every single day with
Nutella spread in them from my pack
lunch at school and I don't regret one
bit
best two years of my life in terms of
eating bubbles against the bird oh oh oh
oh fail you guys are failures bad kitty
you were in their kitchen you completely
ruined it bubbles had a good tactic then
look the birds teasing them now ah
completely when it's right bud don't
want your skills of hunting will become
better one day don't worry basically me
and my mom have decided to see can three
people fit in a Lamborghini so that's
all we're gonna be testing out right now
okay I'm gonna go it
first let's see if two of us can sit in
the passenger side yo mom I don't think
this is a three-person car coming come
in close the door close the door we can
do our neighbors only kiella there you
go yeah
is it are you comfortable yeah three
people can fit a Lambo so my sister my
magic I'm a kind of yeah all are
survived okay that's it so bad oh my god
yeah not oh my god my back my back I'm
half the same wood off the nearing that
oh there you go
you're ever wondering can three of you
fit in a Lambo yes they can Wow
meanwhile we're going out right now
we're using something we've never used
on the vlog before now in Dubai they
have a metro system like they haven't
loads of country me and my sister
surprisingly used to use it a lot and we
have these gold cards basically there's
a silver section in the gold section
especially like your first class of your
economy and yeah that's what we're gonna
do today let's go show you the Dubai
Metro it's actually pretty nice check
this view out like this seriously looks
like something called like quad bike
straight into that's awesome my snow
Ferrari coming into our area
okay this is kind of the reason we
stopped using the Metro good all right I
sure I call it blog for one second
without car coming by look at look at
this I hate you all I hate him we're
walking here in the heat and they're all
just like speeding ahead
so we've almost made it to the metro
station it is actually quite a long walk
okay at least we're still on the right
path guys let's keep going oh my god
it's like core off the way left we're
dying out here guys I don't think this
is a great idea especially on my fitness
levels
Oh I'll free her we need war please
someone help us I'm kidding
and it should be there pretty soon I'm
pretty sure it's around this corner
right here around this corner lost
corner I promise no no we missed the
train we missed it no please come back
please Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
better than 400 meters nap we can do it
let's go use our Metro cards
Wow - the trains I feel like we're in
London again okay let's go up and see if
our cards still were jammed and there
you go
go yeah I think it's expired definitely
okay let me go see if these are expired
I think we might need new ones okay so
yeah the old ones we had are expired and
this is difference I'm not sure if you
can see the color
this one's the new one that one's the
old ones the new ones a bit more Goldy
anyways let's go this one has enough for
a one-way trip but we have to get two
just in case okay let's go
my mum spelled Oh my mom is trying to
use the old one for a one-way trip thank
you
Oh other one here you go maybe it's this
one maybe I saw up there around nope
just you're stuck on the other side so
pretty much what's happening is we're
trying to use our old card cuz it has
enough credit to take us one way and I
think it just doesn't work it is so old
so they're going to give us a ticket
instead like a one-way ticket which is
like the same as how much credit as on
it oh this is a one-way ticket that's
pretty cool
I'm actually not sure you've been like
the last hour here with so much going to
bed I feel like I'm in the tube station
in London
so the Gold Class section is only one
cabinets is one cabin at the end and the
rest of it is silver glass now I think
the only difference is in the Gold Class
you have like these fancy leather seats
and in the silver class you just have
like London Tube C so you know the clock
ones so they're pretty good both of them
regardless but I just have to get the
gold one to check it out I wanted to see
if it change by pretty sure LexA saying
okay here comes the tube that is such a
nice view
there we go cabins going to be over here
and welcome to club dues closing
so a pretty close to our destination
we're getting off at the next stop which
is more of them rates and I want to buy
something and I have to talk to you guys
about it so I'll tell you once I get
there so you see why me we got some more
ferrets finally there's actually a
pretty nice tunnel that connects the
metro station to the mall the only
reason we came this way just to try it
out and I thought it'd be pretty cool
for a video my mom just did a bit of
course fighting for you guys and then oh
my god the line up I'm not even kidding
she told me to stop vlogging to show you
this okay check this out mum please
please show them the cars you found oh
my god is that a Bentley a G Wagen oh my
god mommy more the car spotting game
okay yeah Wow my mom is entry okay oh
yeah yeah please please don't close on
me how is that for you then the reason I
actually came shopping today is because
I'm in search of a briefcase and the
reason is I've always wanted to fill a
briefcase with money because you know
when you see it in movies and you just
think it's like really really
and that's what I want to do so I'm
going to search for one but nowhere is
selling it so hopefully you can find a
metal one if not I think I'll just have
the two is like a normal plastic
briefcase which won't be as cool but it
will still do the job
so I don't know how much you saw there
but there's actually a fashion show
going on in the middle of the shopping
center which was only sort of beginning
like two minutes but I'm not really into
that type of stuff so I was like it's
all right I'll leave out the blood line
copyboy to stand there anymore let's go
and continue the walking I'm being so
much my belly hurts and this is Lana she
joins us now with her new hair on the
camera Carlos I know there's enough
greenie or is it just my eyes I know
they're just mine as you can see my
sister is using her signature handbag
today we're going to be following my
sister around the morn analyzing
everything she does first stop is the
juice store keeping it healthy because
you know what the deal is they don't
want you to be healthy oh my god I'm
tired
please stand and there you have it the
guy ran away aside this guy's crazy she
got it you killed all of them principal
so my sister's actually taking you this
into the cost of coffee where my mum
sing at I'm not sure if they're gonna
let us in just hide it without help
nothing here nothing here get that we
have to go inside that Costa Coffee I
love this stuff
I'm on one of the camera I'm going ahead
of you my mom picked the best place to
sit to not make it obvious yeah oh honey
you know I'd be better put this on top
of it
yo camouflage it where's your drink
there you go
nothing to hide here
now you can just Buddhist throw up and
wallah what how do you drink from this I
bet you don't gonna just look at you
like this girl crazy it look at that tip
John I'm on this left oh that's such
high that's not your life oh my god you
can't get like out so I think I found
the place that has the metal briefcases
to fill up with money we've been
searching for a briefcase for about 25
minutes I swear I never thought it'd be
that hard
still no luck I couldn't find the
briefcase
what were you doing we
it's actually like they had it he said
they had it but they sold out I swear my
mom is addicted to free samples free
samples look at her now she's gonna take
one she always does this
she's caught in the act once that she's
taking free samples
mom we do
so we're having a family family dinner
inside the shop
you know I leg hurts so much we've been
walking around for an hour trying to
find a metal briefcase she's not working
out for me bro I don't want to do
business anything okay yeah I'm not
paying for a Louboutin briefcase just to
put my money in there now probably if
you get like if you find some do before
you cool them take it up
oh my god oh my god guys I'm givin up
the only store that could have possibly
had the briefcase was Virgin Megastore
my mom is the one who asked them and she
said do you have books do you have fun
and think I was like what now mom why
did you do that - I we also my mom
realize did you ask them they have it
she was like yeah well I what did you
say do you have oh wow hello we've
completely given up on my childhood
dream of having a briefcase actually
we're leaving because I think I might
have one at home - just like fill up so
we'll see check these things out these
are really cool like if we had this four
bubbles that is the number one drinking
spot she had to get free sample before
she wanted a it's like a signature move
okay now she doesn't want that she lied
are you sure you know you don't want
another tester burrow I'm gonna get a
tester for the chocolate even though I
know I'm gonna have the chocolate can I
have a tester of chocolate
because that one is baseball
I like
no goals no code
I knew I'm gonna have chopper anyway
it's the maxima Oh what was that you're
paying with Lana
oh is that everywhere you go thank you
so much
20700 compartment for the coins Wow such
a nice wallet guys guys what are you
doing
that's not guys if you're watching this
yet this is not good I don't recommend
having ice cream they don't want you to
be healthy so try being healthier don't
do this like this a bad days cheat day
so Lambo girl is taking a taxi home what
happened to the Lambo brah what happened
no we did in the morning you're supposed
to come with it
hashtag Lana exposed has no car shake my
head man shake my head
unfortunately they recognized my sister
and kick us out the taxi because they're
like get out of here I'll drink it about
you not out to eat ice cream so we got
out we're like we'll come back don't
worry we're going to finish ice cream we
come back to a taxi round two we
finished ice cream and we're coming to
take the taxi again they know us we're
not allowed to eat like they would have
taken us but we're just like don't worry
we'll get out
look at that Mustang oh my god the blue
lights oh my god love you bro he's
looking at you I don't Eric I'm
recording the car I love it oh I found
myself a briefcase now it was initially
used to keep these silver spoons with
their gold plate inside but we don't
need that anymore let's take one of
these out okay now this is what we could
do look it actually does fit you just
put the money in like this like this
like this like this we need a bit more
from this stack there we go so I've got
a pretty really funny announcement kind
of like a big announce and I wanna see
if you guys agree
now in this little preview case I
anticipate I build out with money and
there's a reason so don't judge anything
and the reason today I was looking for
our briefcases I've always wanted to do
this I wanted to go into a culture and
take like a briefcase of money and pay
for the car that way now unfortunately
you couldn't find anything so we're not
taking a real case of money but tomorrow
I actually want to go to the bank take
out cash and go to the car washer and
pay the cash so is he doing we're busy
so but I was talking to staff the shown
up what does nobody wants to listen to
your woman he's trying to eat with a
spoon
okay I know you want to eat with a spoon
he's gonna get speed with a spoon I look
at that
oh yeah it was so funny bi she managed
it okay sorry but nobody cares anything
I've never done this but tomorrow is you
know what you buy card only you give a
cash check unless you want to finance it
but we are planning on giving a cash
check and I was like you know what why
not instead of giving a cash check
tomorrow morning I'm going to go to the
bank take out the money in cash I'm
going to show to give it
and just see what happens I thought why
not
I've always wanted to do something and I
think it's just so cool that's me hit
the like button we'll see that happen
tomorrow
and yeah it's going to be super exciting
I was going to take on your briefcase of
money like this in but unfortunately you
couldn't find a decent sized briefcase
and I don't think I want to take this
into ashram and oh and I have to do some
opens and all the money comes out and
you're gonna see you guys tomorrow and
I'm taking cash to pay for my car it's
gonna be weird but hopefully we're going
to love it if she's Jewish
she was yours so the money there's
nobody for you again again you want when
you come back no mine is mine is money
I say she did I give you money isn't
gold
no nice is great what is this countdown
1213 something inches 15 inches there's
a number redneck weirdo you look weird
exactly that's better
even weird when you're doing other face
oh yeah my doing a showroom Davin you
say bye-bye to your Mustang on
bye-bye Mustang Oh
your fault for being is briefcase that
doesn't have any lock nothing no safety
walk out the car and my shots flying out
oh yeah well that's for being silly okay
and carrying a not suitable suitcase I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog here because
I need to start editing in order to go
tomorrow and get the cash and pay for
the car I'm actually so so embarrassed
about doing it because obviously I've
never went and got cash to pay for a car
you don't give checks or something so
I'm not sure how it's gonna go down but
hit the like button if that is something
you guys have on your bucket list as
well I don't know the idea just came
into my head I was like you know you
know what I could like fulfill one of my
drinks tomorrow by doing this like not a
dream but like something on my bucket
list I've always wanted to do it you
know you see what the rapper's do it or
like the actors and stuff and I was like
why can't I do it like why not anyways
come back two more to check that out I
don't know how it's gonna turn out will
the bank even let me draw that much on
my account I don't know we'll see we'll
see
but for now I'll see you guys then when
it does happen hit the like button if
you would have done the same and yeah
see you guys tomorrow
yaaaay Yolo goodbye
