ah doesn't get better ah
yoyoyo ever welcome to another vlog so
today I'm joined by Kareem he's back
he's got all his fancy equipment ok let
me show you this guy he's more prepared
than me in any way he's got lights
cameras action like we're setting it all
up he's gonna do a video on his channel
I'll link it down below so you can check
it out
wow I could you need to help shy should
I hold something sure you can hold that
which way
just hold this there here so I can click
it home that's fine well done
done ok I'm not much help when it comes
to these things
whoa we can do a small little photo
shoot yeah yeah that'd be all so I
should have done my mail time today darn
it
photo shoot time is starting guys ok I'm
going to show you the view I can see
right now it's hilarious I think I'm
like enough in a photo shoot for you
know the bull vlogs designer clothing
look at this we have career exactly no
flex on a real good lady right this is
how they do it like professional
photography places like they just sit
you down somewhere it's like cameras
action are you ready for your audition
ok audition take 1 3 2 1 action
what up guys today we're doing a
challenge video we're going to be
playing Jenga
then go yes I did it did it first rise
all I'm amazed like when I film Jen
videos I need to do like five times he
did it literally on the first day that's
how you know he's a blogger you see
that's a natural-born blogger right
there I don't know
like copyright shit thank you thank you
you're far too kind because of the
challenge we need to quickly run and get
some stuff for a forfeit we're gonna be
doing a forklift sorry I wasn't prepared
to bring a couple things but I wanted to
show you my new car and your what do you
want one more you got a new car so yeah
I just I left it out there you got here
as you can tell I'm joking this is
Kremes car but I absolutely love it as
soon as you came there I was like he
knew like he didn't even notice but I
love black groups I always say okay you
can tell them what you've done to it cuz
it looks really dope basically I'm this
like the pot that all this part the roof
actually comes in white yeah we can see
like they painted it okay that's the
goal paint little black is your rap or
paint known as paint oh okay and then on
the rims of why I got the muttered she a
long ruse that I've like yeah I just
love them yeah I'm blacks my favorite
color so I know I don't have a black car
in UAE it's too hot it's too hot yeah
everyone always says it is I get like
50% of us realize like this is the
combination I'd love on any car like I I
would love it like on the roof and black
there but obviously it's not my choice
is it
it would look mean right that way if
you've got one of this panel did black
and then the Rings black like exact same
as your car especially forgot the rims
matte and then the top of the roof lost
like yeah I hadn't seen Kareem score
until he came here he just showed me was
like off the bat and I was like wow
anyway let's go do some shopping and
we'll you back to do the challenge look
at it it smells so good like the new
cost yeah best smell I always felt like
these really nice like this is like you
know the Maybach sheets diaper like
stitching
okay let's go let's go blush wait but
this looks like it's from the sky I
don't know how they do it like as the
cameras I know the mirrors but it looks
like you can see everything like I don't
know i sushi just saw like we have some
sat like satellite thing going on where
it spots our car jacking as well that's
a nice round feature bike I like it you
could change the color of this corner
really yeah you can make it blue red
whatever you know but that's like look
cuz that's like the sky view like it's
not when I'm reversing and stuff like if
I have an accident I'm actually a
terrible driver
yeah you can see
everything hey I think it's Cherie
trauma inspired Tesco yeah me and Kareem
ironically ran into his exact car but it
hasn't got the black strip along it so
I'm just going to show you this before
he walked over to it and it's got the
silver rings you see you like the white
on top yeah and he painted all of that
black okay let's go and show you his and
here is Kareem's look you can see he has
a whole black strip I think it matches
like we were saying they should have
done that they should have done that
like personally like if I was a car
designer I would have made that black
anyway what's the point of him one one
white strip yeah give me the countdown
yes the best ever thank you so much
music oh I think you owe me another nice
way I can't wait too much review no one
please not it's bogus wait oh you see
that guys look how sexiest legs are you
know no that part is part is about the
main part quick oh I just finished all
the cream this video as you saw in the
clip before this I had ice water poured
on me and I'm not sure if you see we
waxed a huge chunk of my leg you see
that assignment masteries right that
sign cringy way there you go wow that
was rough it hurts so bad
to be honest the war is freezing but I
think it took away the leg pain I think
after this is mom all jokes aside into
like a man cuz the amount of head I came
off his leg
it was like a fluff board like it would
be those are her wig it look like Donald
Trump and that's how much hair came off
in time dollars ridiculous outlet bra
that was so fun I don't even like one
forfeit so thanks so much for me
you're the worst like ever yeah we're
gonna do a barbecue right now so it's
not nicely to like ease off the horrible
challenges we do look how red that is
okay you can't really see because we're
in the Sun but that is a good chunk so
I'm color blind if I can see that that's
right those of you said more wax your
legs this is why I can't do the whole
thing because it's painful wow this is a
huge flame what the hell happened like
yeah it just like started burning up
y'all okay there's so much laughs oh my
God look at this look how nice that
looks
we're eating good day another one
another mom did they want you to eat
good today what oh my god is so smoky I
legit got here and there we need to
breathe cow Moos they know what you're
doing okay food is ready
hi cream come back with that food Karina
and I are taking the gun out to do some
target practice I love these kind of
container I like it because it makes it
look like it's like a real gun you know
that looks legit whoa
anyways let's do some target practice
who do you reckon will win you have like
a little challenge are you yeah okay we
will see we'll see I'm actually not that
great targets are in that bag since
Kareem says he's a great shooter you can
choose the target you want do you want
that do you want like a sticker this is
me on this yeah okay let's set up
bubbles is trying to join us in the
shooting practice bubbles we don't want
to use you as a target okay yeah oh yeah
oh wait that this cut out good okay if
you hit this first time then you get an
award nothing came out did you put the
ball in yeah
now we see a bullet inside Oh now we
don't all right in okay yeah it's
understanding now round two cream that's
something yeah yeah let me show you how
it's done
all right I'm a hundred censure you're
gonna miss now everyone who boasts
always misses okay I really hope I do
hit it
are we going middle or nothing right I
went on the left left yeah it's gonna be
light work for me okay
I'm actually not angry nice get it well
done I'm not gonna lie I'm pretty
disappointed in myself but we'll see
we'll see we'll see we'll see how about
we play I want to be very the first one
to get all three so you've hit one okay
so I hit the left one we have to view
every CA after you ever seen one cuz
look they're they're kind of different
sizes like so this is the one I hate
guys you wouldn't have seen it it is so
far but that is the one I hit so we need
to do this one and this one all right
let's go all right
boat now timo or team Kareem oh I love
the valleys on that trustee meeting this
guy's lucky I do not do so like hype dog
that first shot can you put his name on
the scoreboard no pressure
did you anything I heard it though I
heard it whoa whoa why the right one oh
my god oh my god drama shooting oh my
god you've only got the middle one left
now okay it's my three shots now I feel
it if you want to win you have to get
both of them now the pressure if I get
this it's gonna be so like stressful for
you believe me it's already stressful
right now
and we have a Miss you know what you
just like go across ignite our donors
really yeah whenever you second-guess
yourself you've missed you can do it
more what am I saying your shit you're
rubbish you're gonna lose
nice nice unfortunately if I get the
next shot and I hit it if I hit the next
shot you lose but this is what we've
been aiming for before okay this is what
we aiming for one this huge motherfucker
yeah and then we've got to get this now
see the difference in size look that's
crazy but he's hit it before as you can
see yeah that's the one I always go for
I'm some kind of worried now yeah you
like some pro I bet you does this every
day
this is the worst thing about going
first that I miss a new score I've got
no way to redeem myself
where's if I score you have a chance to
draw with me oh yeah the problem that's
why I'm in a nervous position Oh like
yeah it's what happens when you go
against someone who's as competitive as
you we're gonna be here all night
oh why not give them two shots why
Kareem why
oh it's Paris fair first a hit I'm sorry
I just spotted eyes my subscribers and
my phone nice when you hit right there
you see that right there that's what you
did that little chip and the one oh my
god I'm so happy you guys know Timo was
going to come through I could have let
him come to water over here and destroy
us so next time maybe when we're out in
Abu Dhabi now with a rematch we will do
remember
we'll see who win my sister's watching
our target practice she's overseeing the
kingdom no one like a queen or king
looks over there people yeah like a good
target practice guys keep going ha ha ha
bubbles she ain't gonna jump don't worry
it's actually got quite a loud startup I
heard it on when you're doing the
judging
right
it's louder than you like here on the
block
I feel like I'm in an arcade racing game
it goes back a lot further than I said
yeah because you know you know Stone
Cold Steve Austin yeah you had MTV Cribs
and he was telling how you had to stop
eating as we custom made it hard to make
it fit
Wow the way he gets in is so funny but
they're like a roundhouse kick in Wow
who's the girl he threw out with
actually called Cheryl Cole yeah she got
on the car how long is this uh yeah you
can't get out like nicely you can't be
cool and you get out you have to roll
out yeah I just need something to know
Oh meow have you been in a BMW i8 no
it's this far away you have to get in so
you have to like put your leg like this
like that much and when you see in the
car the side of the car is like this you
see can Wow you know what the deal is
Lamborghini vs. Nissan let's go gang
your music oh oh dangerous Oh
Jess honey oh we got the music guy who's
off three two one go
the tax you just lose you sort that's
what you call a bad driver
so there you have it guys dream actually
beat the level
casual condemned look the video is my
sister's throat so I don't know we
didn't even see her we know that yeah I
just know humming sounds like what's
happening I knew I knew something
somewhere somebody had gotten for me no
way I can be I don't know if you can see
that black Easy's those are nice I've
never seen one in the nice shoes were
nice we finally did it and you're only
wondering why be dumb or we bought a car
Pierre hallelujah amen
may Kareem are having this discussion in
the GAR told me anything about this
as soon as you got here my mouse is
still like we're in the carpet store and
that is the one we got so there you go
some nice little diamond designs you
know keeping it bullying and simple it's
very simple it's like I like it it's a
nice casual one say yeah man it doesn't
look just like plain like yeah nice
which is plain yeah plain where this
one's very nice you get in the YouTube
discount yeah YouTube the sound this
shout-out to Mary knows I think it's
good that Marie knows
they finally have a carpet where we're
gonna freak anymore yeah that is cool it
looks like teeth and you open it I would
actually won that cause a child I let it
like three pieces all right it looks
nice I had made that one have more yeah
oh oh guy is here anymore is the luxury
one this is the economy although you
can't see it Wow oh stop crying Karima
Late Late your gray instead of it going
down yeah it goes up that's pretty cool
alright that's so pretty
that's how is he with you that's so
pretty or what seeing looks likes going
wrong already
anyways guys I just got home and Kareem
is leaving to go back to her that really
sucks man we had such a good day we're
at oh yeah we had such a good day I had
a great day I've got no hair on this
side of my leg glad you lost
ference grin yeah we did the challenges
anyways if you did enjoy Kareem in the
vlog hit the like button as I said you
can check out his channel in the
description anyways for now cream cheese
is out and I'll continue the rest of the
blog piece see you guys if you're
someone that doesn't already follow me
on snapchat make sure you do right there
Muhammadu but if you do you might know
there was a snap saying guys I quit you
too or something along them lines or I
think I'm paying YouTube that was not me
no no no I got a lot of good saying oh
why are you quitting mole then people
were saying no he's doing this for
publicity stunts or something
trust me guys it was just like a small
little joke it was actually four four
four feet we were doing for him yeah
I'm not creating guys and I did not do
that to like gain any publicity so yeah
sorry if you guys will upset about that
don't worry I'll never leave you guys
because we squad out here do your squad
for life don't forget that cuz you smart
my sister mom just got home and as you
saw today we actually bought a carpet
which is coming tomorrow morning right
and we're just measuring out making sure
he didn't buy one too big okay push it
towards you you know when you know that
something's really good just pick it out
I was meant to be yeah I was a really
nice and modern design as much as the
furniture I want to show you again my
leg okay look at that
what did you look at that what is only
my shit I forgot it was his signature
yeah you signed it no you just wrote his
name on it cream cheese what idea are
you getting from this what is your idea
I'm gonna do on your leg waxing I'm
actually very good idea I've noticed
like we can actually make a face out of
something on your shoulder on looks from
a distance Wow I'm so white on the range
why Cannot I yeah looks when they pulled
your skin off mommy right one second the
wax on for rush it was all the waxer to
join yeah but you should leave it you
don't know you didn't miss it you're not
supposed to make it dry completely that
pulls off your skin to know so we kind
of left a bit too long bad news I see
you guys tomorrow I know all of you
would say wax your legs well it's
painful I promise you is painful gotta
know why powers is complaining anyways
I'll see you guys some more yah yah know
your your swaps on life goodbye
