hey guys lo here welcome to another
video so now we could go I did the fifty
dollar shopping challenge in Dubai and
you guys had so much support in that
video and you wanted my sister to do the
girl version so today I'm going to be
handing her fifty dollars now what are
you going to be doing with this money I
need to buy at least one entire outfit
to wear so hopefully I'll try to beat my
brother if I can maybe get two up it's
no okay calm down
we're trying huh maybe if she finishes
her out wish you can do some accessories
but let's go run our way to the mall to
Emirates that's where she showed and yen
let's see if she can pick yourself and
bear outfit the me let me know in the
comment section and then the video who
you think won the challenge me or her
anyways let's go to the mall right now
and see how she does and they go okay
just got to the mall and my sister does
not have much time it's currently ten
minutes past 8:00 and the shops closed
at 10 o'clock so she has about an hour
and 15 minutes to find her clothes good
luck
actually struggling she's struggling to
find anything and she said she'll beat
me come on I want to see you find
anything hopelessly searching
your budget it's so bad okay I never
thought you'd be checking the price tags
Wow
still desperately looking last care for
the struggle is that it will not even
get me a shot that I had in mind
yes okay second shot failure so did you
find anything
guys she's under pressure right now
she's panicking
nothing is in her hands three shots down
she said she liked the show over there
and she might go back I'm giving it I
don't know the whole point is to check
the budget for a hundred and I have been
100 okay anyways let's see if you can
find anything tech shop is splash I just
has a good feeling about this one cuz
she's reductions let's go see what
happens so does this still look good
yeah those pills in your eyes yep that's
what we have to work with you said
you're gonna get two outfits with that
money so you've got about an hour and a
half remaining how is this going out I
don't even have this for your shirt okay
I know
look the vlog is gonna judge your look
at the end of it okay so you're gonna go
for an Ellis shirt okay try it on
I need to get back okay my sister just
made me bring this back even though she
wanted it she said let's compare she
only has an hour left I don't know what
she's thinking at the moment the
pressure is cracking her how much are
these I don't have I don't know myself
that like to do the rustic on where you
have
I think wasn't nice to actually learn to
drums wow that's good
might potentially get me to up where I
was careful okay go to your last resort
for those of you don't know care for is
like Primark so that's where we're going
it's like the you can find the cheaper
stuff out bargain price that's where
she's going what are you looking for and
care for anything I would wear okay
that's the plan anything should wear my
sister's really dreaming right now she's
taking a basket one women with a mission
to get the perfect outfit at a budget
price okay we can even get accessories
over here you can have a
Oh fancy okay
guys she's hungry mid challenge and the
I think you can do what you want if you
use the challenge here you go to the
food court over there somewhere I can
take your nuts go take your nuts in
Jennifer we trust
what's that now what is it like bags
so many outfit and then yeah like beams
oh god that's how you know she's still
dreaming she doesn't know what is jelly
dude okay
okay Jordanna good luck running back to
everything
you know the challenge is getting very
stressful when she keeps them asking for
oxygen I don't know if she can't breathe
or what she's looking for to use as a
virgin she can't breathe in this daddy
finally found the oxygen store and now
she can breathe we need to decide after
this because we've only got one hour and
five minutes left
look at the charge with my sister it's
nice if you want to look like a tree
oxygen could not save my sister she
tried on the skirt
something where was that Lobster
now slash
okay and Jennifer trusted general logic
g mm or g 20,000 okay let's go and we
can get herself one hour left that's the
alarm
oh oh you got less than an hour left
oh oh oh guide my sister's logic is okay
okay are you doing if she walks away
with nothing that's an InStyle okay good
luck we're going to go back and there's
going to be something that Jennifer's
safer that's my best friend that's my
best friend Jennifer is my best friend
good
please tell me they are my size
this is extra small
fifty-five that seems good
okay fifty-five what if that will be 50
ah okay so they got different races
seems legit okay
like it'd be fun to you okay
which is 99 559 that's 158 so are you
gonna buy in trousers with like 30 terms
my mum's joined us halfway through my
sister's challenge she's got two shirts
she's picked out and she wants a third
one I don't understand what's going on
yeah got two pieces you still don't have
any pen stir this is nice right okay
yeah that's what I thought that's what I
thought
yep
go
there you go 41 Durham's left to get two
trousers or one at NIEHS thank you so
much
it just bagged her first purchase which
was two tops okay I hope that is the
case on dress and I'm going to get I
washed off and I'm gonna get trouser
okay yeah okay yeah that's like 20 over
will allow you that much we just say
plus 10% last time we finished the
challenge with two minutes to spare so
once we get home we'll show you her new
outfit and karma detail here so yeah
everything she bought was from this
store let's go home and see what you
guys think and if you did beat me
that is the end of the challenge as you
can see hard work shopping anyways
to be honest I still think I won cuz I
had add more elegant pieces but we'll
see it's really the judge I'm sorry to
say my sister has been disqualified
because the food was out for a budget
for today
the time to eat and we'll go home and
show you the reveal
ah today has been a very very eventful
day it's the first time I've seen my
sister shot on a budget however she did
go over like five Durham's which is like
two dollars so it's okay it's okay we'll
give her the benefit of the doubt but
what did you learn in today's session oh
that if you look hard enough to buy
Megan bargains out there three two one
action
great great I'll I love this how's the
speech of the year just go change right
we don't care anymore we don't care I've
shot this video ten times go show them
what you got this is just ridiculous now
yeah we'll see you in a second while my
sister is changing up into outfit number
one yesterday you guys know I went for
that car event and a lot of you were
like oh mo Floyd Mayweather's in Dubai I
actually missed him by about five
minutes not during the actual car vent
but at night when we went to the Burj
Khalifa again because we had a little
meeting the people were meeting with
told us that they saw Lloyd me went
there five minutes before he came and
they showed us photos with him go we
actually did end up seeing his entourage
door like a couple of his bodyguards
they all came through there the money
team hats and everything but I didn't
get to me it would have been so good but
we were five minutes late and all I can
blame is my sister because we got to the
meeting lakers of her come out of the
bathroom and show us what you got
Wow no I don't like it no
oh whoa hahaha okay okay I guess that's
a star outfit maybe can we can we see
the real deal now
outfit number two so now it's time for
the yo-yo score to vote in the
conversation Teemo or team Lana we're
going to get a around shot of the outfit
which is very undesired to what Moe
picked out he had everything so to the
first one is basically a long shirt yeah
that does not count as an outfit guys
why are you such a sure anyways guys
that has been the $50 shopping challenge
girl edition let us know who you think
won me or my sister and if you haven't
already checked out my video I leave a
link at the top of the description okay
la no one will let the fans are two a
one and a half one haha anyways we'll
see you guys in another episode leave us
suggestions of things we can do in the
future of now Lana out Yolo Yolo like a
boss
but that just looks like a rag like a
dirty rag that looks like you see what's
always dead like it legs hideous Jonah
where glosses or something glosses wear
them wear them that's it that you broker
tosses yeah was it was the I know is
today today didn't even have one side o
guys she did it she did a fifty dollar
challenge and she broke my mom's Gucci
glasses Wow you owe her like she's super
bleep okay okay put it on with like just
one side great yeah don't break it
even more looking like and subscribe at
least my mom she balling out here
