yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so as you can tell how to smile on my
face I'm super excited today if you
watch the vlogs you know we haven't
taken the Lambo out for two or three
weeks and today we're doing exactly that
but not only that we're gonna meet up
with a bunch of friends that also own a
couple of supercars you know Lambos here
in Lambos there and yeah billionaire
boys and girls are back today let's go
for an amazing day hit the like button
if you know you're gonna enjoy it let's
go yeah where did you get the keys okay
time to start the engine go
unleashing the Beast Oh Lansbury
Zuzu baby won't you come my where I got
something I want to say first
we're trying to find our way to this
hotel place that we're going to Google
Maps thank you sir
I think we're just about here we've been
using Google Maps or trying to find
where is I swear
we're digit lost out here look at this
we're in the middle of do up doings it'd
all be awesome no lie racing in between
bill up buildings doesn't so funny
guys one car against a speed bump come
okay I think it out see if you can make
your way once a once a once a come
slowly yes what I've never done this
before come here slowly scum slowly
yes yes you made it you made it good job
I swear that is so there ain't no slow
down slow down slow down slow down slow
down
on the way down yeah yeah good job you
made it
we actually did it that was one of the
biggest speed bumps I've seen it was
like this close like an inch out sale
whoa we found it we found it so we
finally arrived at the event and I'm
going to go through some of the
Lamborghinis we have here first of all
we have what I believe is a Lamborghini
Diablo gorgeous old-school car you have
over here now secondly I'm going to show
you the Lamborghini Huracan this is a
proper sport out model as you can see
and okay one feature I wanted to show
you guys about this car is the spoiler
and not only that we have a whole
carbon-fiber back this whole back is
carbon fiber which looks gorgeous and
yet super super pimped out moving on
from the red Horicon we have this
Lamborghini murci√©lago this is a
Versace edition as you can see from the
colorway and the design on the side
Gianni Versace edition looks absolutely
gorgeous now there's three more cars
that we can't miss out this Gallardo I
love cars which have this black strip
along it they just look gorgeous
finally our car and the green hawk am
parked next to each other the last two
guys I ride with this blue Gallardo and
orange Aventador you guys know me I love
my event doors look at this one
oh my god the matching interior with the
exterior
convertible roadster oh my god oh my god
press like and you own one with in five
years I guarantee it
turn up out here
how many do you have one two three four
five six seven eight
I strike this this place looks like it's
bra my daughter has this feeling right I
feel like I'm in Italy or something
also another car I just bought that
looks really nice is this Louis so you
guys might like to see this look at it
it's this gorgeous white and black Louis
I mean it does look really really mean
while everyone is taking photos outside
I decided to go inside and show you
what's up in the hotel before everyone
else came that Bush the logo is sold out
like it's not even ready ready just pour
that daesh is important seriously as
loud
I'm not sure how much of that you can
hear so this is the hotel we're just
entering now it looks really nice Wow
look at the interior of this hotel look
at the look at the floor oh my god the
the luxury to buy lifestyle part - let's
just go tour this hotel I mean it is
beautiful
yeah I've realized nothing we've got all
of the Versace designed I'm guessing if
you break anything you're gonna pay for
it so this place is absolutely gorgeous
I can't even like look at the ceiling
and everything my sister's just snapping
away they've got a really really nice
dining place over here my sister's just
snapping away what do you do wow this is
incredible I'm just sitting here having
some Arabic coffee in this very nice
Versace cup
it's very nice but it is strong if you
guys want to try it's very strong we've
come outside to enjoy some of the
gorgeous views they have in this hotel
think of this you're suing pool has an
ocean view that is amazing I swear I've
never heard about this hotel and it's
the first time I've come here but to buy
surprises me every time I there's always
a hidden gem a beautiful place that you
haven't been to look at this look at
that whole hotel apparently when it
becomes night time guys a swim or in the
middle there's this big Versace sign and
it lights up at night which makes you
look absolutely gorgeous I hope we can
see a layer on but there's nothing to
take away from this hotel at the moment
like it's just gorgeous view you've even
got the view to the ocean imagine your
sewer you can see that and if you don't
like the ocean you have this beautiful
hotel to look at anyways I think we need
to head off inside now for a little
briefing look around the hotel a bit
more sway this hotel has just been made
by the way that's why I didn't even know
about it's a new hotel what do you think
about the hotel man luxury divine
lifestyle we out here we out here we're
just getting a quick tour of the hotel
starting by the lounge still going
through the tour of this hotel but it
really does open your eyes like how much
they spend and how much detail goes into
these hotels for example this floor
every mosaic on the floor has been
ordered from a Chilean book and hand
placed onto that floor light it just
goes to show the detail like wow I did
not expect that I think
we're going to head off to one of the
restaurants I'm not exactly sure but
place is very fancy very luxurious that
is
just come over to their signature
Italian restaurant look at this place
this place is like one of the best I
heard for Italian dishes
we've come over to the bar slash lounge
area look at this they've got a complete
wine cellar I think that's what you call
them and over here you have the bar now
I'm really happy because it's completely
empty for us and we're just going around
like this do a tour and look at this if
you're someone that's going to be
popping bottles what better place to do
it than here okay I'm gonna continue
because I think I've completely lost the
crew let's go let's go place is gorgeous
okay which way do I take left
all right they look exactly identical
I'm gonna go this way I think I can hear
them I don't know how this is possible
but the hotel just keeps on getting
nicer and nicer it's go like look at
this this is like another eating place
they have over here with their luxury
Versace like furniture and everything my
sister is enjoying the space I don't
think it would place fashion the oh yeah
the girls like the artwork just look at
the view just just look at the view I
mean you're not gonna go wrong I love
the fact that it's empty for us your
breakfast
I can imagine sitting here every single
day diminish this is in fact their
international buffet and something I've
never seen done before they've got a
Versace piece of bread have you ever
seen something like that before
Wow okay I also just found out this
place is not officially open it opens in
two months time this is just for guests
I think maybe people that have been
invited over like us to look around and
just see it but damn I can't wait until
this place is officially open I think
sometime in the future we will be
heading back for like a little stay
maybe a little treat for ourselves but
it does make it that much more special
that we are here in the moment because
we get the experience with no one else
saying yeah like if you come back later
on there's gonna be light loads and
loads of beautiful but kind of exclusive
access buy more love I'm officially done
like they have everything I want here
they've got a Versace bed outdoors and
you can have like your little snack and
she sure if you're someone that smokes
damn okay that's it that's it
tour is complete we're actually gonna
head off to one of their residential
apartments they have for sale some I'm
curious to see how much it is and just
how it looks like because if it looks
anything like the hotel I think that's
going to be a pretty expensive apartment
but I will let you know if they do tell
us how much it cost
and yeah I guess this is the last time
you're probably ever going to see this
place this empty because it's not open
yet this is my sister meant about the
corridor they've got these like Versace
designs drawn on the wall I think maybe
this is their actual collections they
have that's another one for you guys
there and then a couple more on the wall
let me just follow the crowd don't lose
them but there you go this is another
piece that my sister loves art and
design and stuff like this so that's why
she enjoys it let's say let's say hi to
the camera
what's up viewing a squad so we're just
in one of the grand suites over here oh
yeah it's got like a really nice design
it's got the horses and the horses
that's another Falcon over there let's
go check out the bedrooms yeah this
place is very nice Wow
pinky pink and cream now we're coming on
to my wardrobe over here imagine having
this is a wardrobe obviously we got my
safe let's see what is in here just
today's video is pretty much going to be
my new house tour so we're in Microsoft
bought from at the moment as you can see
wow this place has got some beautiful
bathrooms think of this place the hot
tub everything is just you know I really
know guys I wanna know how much is this
day your per nightly sweet zombie pretty
awesome just in case you're wondering
the view you're gonna get from this
hotel this is it so down there you have
the pool and over there you have the
ocean and the bridge Wow
not bad I guess not bad at all we've
even got a small touch of Versace seats
outside the Versace table making our way
through the hallway as you can see
they've got this really nice purple
carpet
apparently it's made out of some lamb or
sheep all that isn't that used regularly
except from palaces so yeah so we're
just heading off to the residential
three-bedroom apartment now I just asked
about the price and I'll let you guess
before I say it like a yes it's 21
million dirhams approximately so that in
dollars is just equates to over 6
million and in pounds around 4 million
is a hefty price tag but we're going to
go take a look at it now apparently it's
very big approximately ten thousand
square feet just below ten thousand
square feet it's a duplex so let's go
take a look here is we are inside the
3-bedroom residential this is the living
room when you come in as you can see
fully furnished up with the rasathi
furniture looks gorgeous now when you go
inside the bedrooms okay we start over
here the stage is massive by the way
let's go okay
I'm not sure you're not anywhere there
is so there's a room over there this is
one of the bedrooms it looks exactly
like the hotel suites as well there you
go
bathroom inside this place as well
pretty good thank you I'm not sure
what's inside here okay - I've been
coming here let's see is this a light oh
okay it's a bathroom it's a lot I was so
scared opening that so I'm guessing this
is like a little storage room or
something something you're gonna over
here okay let's move on I found the
kitchen and look at this kitchen it's
amazing so you got the kitchen over here
and on the left you have a mini dining
room again so if you were going to sit
here chat and then straight over there
you collect your food now I think that's
another bedroom that might be the master
bedroom or something I'm not too sure
okay there you go I'm not sure if
everyone else has left everyone it's
going quiet anyways let's go okay this
place really is massive because I'm
getting lost in this apartment
the final bedroom I think was over that
so that's good take a look at it this is
the final bedroom guys this is the
master suite now I'm going to go over to
the bathroom because I don't know I just
love the Balkans over here there you go
your huge tub your mirror and both your
Baba thing one things also and there's a
toilet but to think this whole place is
designed with Armani like interior stuff
so these are actually really really
expensive ever once why me and my sister
went to go see how your bed was and it
was like over a hundred grand or 300
grand I think so yeah hopeless oh wow
again I'm saying and that is a wrap we
are finished off at the Versace hotel to
buy exclusive content only promote blogs
the stay subscribe I hear some Lambo is
enjoy extremely loud right now let's go
see them
is that the Diablo
what is that is that the Diablo
wow that is loud yeah
really like the classics
I like customized everything
great is it ok if I plug it I like on as
person I'm on it I got a while I that
kind of combination doesn't actually
come as a standard really what they say
is either you have the seats and the
doors or you have the whole thing one
color okay like no I don't want that
orange because that's too much
yeah I don't want just the seats because
when I'm sitting there's no colour for
me to see I like fine you have to get an
odd person um you have to get the
dashboard and this and I literally chose
every panel ah it looks gorgeous yeah
then I got the post-it well there you go
that's a perfect shot thank you inside
here you go there you go it's nice you
can see you now yeah that's perfect girl
for it yep
so this Aventador actually belongs to
Assad it's his car my sister's seeing it
just take a quick throw so thanks so
much
there you go Lana's new Aventador and
you need to look at us like it it's
believable now is gorgeous Carmen thank
you so much
engine on plays loud I gave a seal a
thank you bye bye see you later
Aventador make so much noise that is
loud unfortunately we didn't do any
driving around with other Lamborghinis
today but regardless it was a view of
hotel we didn't get tore up and yeah
there's no if loads of beautiful cars
out here which I could video for you so
I am really happy you've got a pretty
nice me back over here look at that so
there's a Gallardo over there ya go
let's look this is how you make a
Lamborghini contact guys you Rev your
engines and you flash your lights
flashing the lighthouse - OH
the Pirates over there yeah
Oh
we just quickly stopped by to do some
grocery shopping with the lambo greatest
car ever we definitely need a car so
quickly there you go where should I put
all of this Wow
what eventful day it has been so far
anyways I'm just home right now let's go
inside
my mom open the door but I know she
doesn't want to be in the vlog because
she's standing right there anyways today
we looked at more luxurious places in
Dubai the hotel we went to there was
actually that was an exclusive tour for
us because it's not officially opened
yet and you saw everywhere was empty
like the amount of money spent on that
hotel it's just unbelievable like the
detail all the rooms the whole place in
general Wow 21 million dirhams for a
3-bedroom apartment I don't know if you
understand how expensive that is but it
just goes to show like how much has gone
into this hotel Wow
anyways hopefully you enjoyed the second
part of like the luxury parts of divide
these are really actually parts and the
people that we go there with they're
just amazing so often with the Aventador
really nice people there and just many
more like most of the views that are
just amazing people as well just cool
people to hang out with anyways I'll see
you the rest of the blog once I continue
okay that's what this is mine oh we
already chose one day okay that's what
this is mine what no I just realized
what you're saying no the KFC is mine
and you get this no no seriously give me
gay my food give me my food please we
just go home why should I eat my food
this is yours not you serious you want
it no I don't let a little bit okay take
a little bit okay that's enough that K
is way too much Rob I'm brah okay take
it take it we went to a luxurious hotel
and you're fighting over KFC with me
what is this no I'm joking
okay you can have mom's cooking it's
delicious by like I love cozy the frying
in today's blog I want to do some real
talk with you guys so um because of the
Ranger being gone now I think I need to
urgently yeah car and now the difference
is going to be able to cool some
companies that I was waiting for it to
email me and basically just completely
rushed up say y'all look I need a car by
this week if you're gonna do anything on
your side let me know and yeah just try
and do something if you can't then you
know what I'm going to cut everything
off and just get wherever I want so yeah
that's basically what's going on I'm
going to cool some places tomorrow see
what's up and see if I can get this
moving because I wasn't in any rush I
was just waiting for companies to email
me back and yeah they weren't really
cutting it on time they were just taking
their time with things and now that I'm
in like an urgent situation I think
tomorrow I'm just going to start making
some phone calls and getting my car
arranged there's actually some other
cars that I haven't mentioned I wanna
take a look at that is if these
companies can't do anything for me and
yeah we'll see from there um for now so
you got some more with another vlog
yellow Yolo good boy
