good morning your your squad hello
welcome to another video so if you can
tell by the thumbnail of today's video
which I have no idea what it's going to
look like I'm gonna do some face
painting today my sister is gonna paint
something on my face I still haven't
decided on a design I kind of
snapchatted you're not asking which
one's the best I picked out of three
I'll show you that in a second but if
you guys remember this selfie stick I
bought yesterday look at it already
broken yes I know you're like what
basically I'm going to show you this
part snapped off and that's what you
used to like screw this in a gaff to go
exchanged that in today but let me show
you the designs I picked for face
painting obviously I'm gonna pick one of
them but they all look really cool don't
they I don't think this one I think
that's a no so maybe are these two but
preferably this one because this one
looks really cool like his eyes are
closed look at that all right as you can
tell I've changed my outfit it's time to
prank my face my sister's here alright
guys so what are we gonna be doing today
oh we're gonna be painting Wow his face
so I have no idea you said he's gonna
print a designs okay so let me show you
the designs okay I'm gonna give the
snapchats
to her and basically it's one of these
Street first of all tell me which one
you like we do have the colors we do
have the colors I checked are you sure
we did get the baby face paint so I'm
not sure if we're gonna happen so let
each this how much pain there is in each
one that's okay we'll do our best black
and white majority of the votes on
snapchat did save you the red one but as
you can see in my sister's hand we've
got such a tiny amount of red it won't
cover my face so instead we're going to
go for the second most voted one which
has a couple of colors and then we can
just try and add in things different
colors and use different things and try
and make it creative let's get started
you ready yeah let go so I'm locking it
no I'm good
okay are you sure
no Swiss mixer war no no he's still be
okay if you're wondering what's
happening my sister's just drawing an
outline of what this is supposed to look
like so I'm gonna stop until we start
doing the proper face paint remember
here smashing my head
hope what it comes up so good with me
little water guys I swear we've started
doing this for like ten minutes and I
told my sisters I we should do this Lord
she was like nope does it with water and
apparently it works so much better I
knew it I knew it
yo you dropped something I took a this
is a color we don't need it's purple
now we have this loss of war and
everything should be much easier okay
you ready ah look at the color now
exactly so much nicer I knew it you're
so right about that like I'm not gonna
go too close to your eyes because I'm
worried about anything goes wrong you
can just wash
by you with him I know what poked oh it
was open okay you see stop squinting
okay
yeah iris
poking my nose a pain
it feels itchy now touch money my
lipsticks are red no your lips are deep
what vomit sorry we have to be also
coloring your lids there so but they
have such a nice color to them you did a
great job in covering the mustache I
mean I must say it looks like I'm
nothing there he used to call me on my
jungle phone Lane I heard you bother if
you're wondering why I'm moving my faces
cuz it's getting super sticky okay I
don't need it in my knowledge oh yeah
nice on my lip we're disgusting now okay
I feel like the Grinch
my mom just can't see my face come on
had a blog say hi do you think honey
right this is so annoying
one give me a second man what happened
wait this is easy
mommy I don't like to listen to that mud
the girl
okay bye dad mom what'd you think of my
face this is a final look that we went
for with this eyes closed you can see
some scary eyes that just come but when
ii icon to hollows okay yeah I tried my
best so its first time using this Thanks
Oh what happened okay open your eyes
close your eyes well it looks cool
so smile no you're not honey
I kept Friday Thursday see every guy's
that has been the end of this let's call
it a makeup to tell her you its face
painting with mo tell me if you did
enjoy this we could try out stuff in the
future I saw a video on YouTube and I
thought it'd be cool if we did it it
looks like I've got massive nostrils
this ain't even my nostrils it's my nose
I feel so excited
doesn't it look so much it it doesn't
come off my nails like it's all messed
up everything and I'm about to go so
this is really guys I need to go out as
well right now to change my selfie stick
which I did tell you this morning and I
have to get this off my face anyways as
I said if you do enjoy it a smash the
like button let me know if I should do
more faces maybe we could try and do one
her you know we could have done the red
fish but we we did it knows no we can
make some water so I just found out that
we can do that there's no I'll see you
guys once I start washing this off and
yeah peace ok yeah
that's awesome like mother like son know
that is really cool
I won't take picture of you dude but
I'll be like that's not be some artwork
this is art actually this your triple
one let's do a triple one yeah hi that's
the thumbnail shot guys I'll try and use
one of them behind your piece of art yes
look at this
I look so weird now without my top on
okay let's go wash my face and see if
this comes up easily I don't think it
will but we're gonna have to see The
Lion King Sigma lik so funny my shirt
off now imagine be painting this whole
section green is ready ball three three
one
the god thanks
Titus no idiot that looks so disgusting
I think my pain oh that's so cool
it took us about an hour and a half and
it went within one second okay I'm gonna
take a shower and then we're going to go
in deep to fix up my selfies day please
hi okay so back to normal mode for today
light took us an hour and a half
to put that face thing on and about ten
seconds for all to go off I mean
everything is like that you go to gym
for a year
stop working out in a week it's gone
yeah and it's time to go give this
hideously back you see that rip like
I've barely packaged it properly but I
need to go get a new one because that
hook doesn't screen properly or if they
just give me a new hook I'll be done
with that but taxis on its way and I'm
super hungry so I'm heating up a pizza
well I'm not really heating up the oven
is there you go it's right in there so
maybe I can grab a slice and then we're
going to go head off to the mall darn it
guys I have to go I didn't even get a
slice of pizza taxis outside and they go
to the mall well I just got to the Mall
of the Emirates and as always BAM this
place never disappoints when it comes to
super car so we have a McLaren here I'm
not even going to say what model it is
because being completely honest I'm not
too sure when it comes to McClaren's and
then we have a gorgeous black car I can
anyways guys I'm contemplating making an
Instagram for supercars so if I've made
one by the time this video is out it
should be right here hopefully I have so
then you can just go and follow it and
then if you want to submit photos you've
taken yourself as well just at the page
whatever the name was and also hashtag
it and I'll use your pictures there in
credit you anyways let's go and give
back my selfie stick
yeah that's pretty awesome like every
time I come here there's amazing cars
okay that was super super awesome wee
boy it from there we just went in they
gave us the replacement straightaway so
props to them now we can go home alright
guys I wasn't able to vlog too much in
the mood because it was super super busy
I mean I don't think the background
noise was letting me speak properly but
we did get a replacement thankfully and
we're on our way home now I'm gonna wrap
up today's vlog here but before you
click off the video the only thing I
want to ask from you guys is that you
check out tomorrow's vlog so basically
the plan is we're gonna go to the Virgin
Eva for breakfast I think there's going
to be a load of supercars which I've
been told not just Lamborghinis so
that'll be pretty cool to see other cars
and then we're going to go to the verge
of ABS so that's why I've heard I'm
pretty sure it's going to go down like
that
I went and got myself the replacement
for the selfie stick so I can get some
awesome shots for you guys so tomorrow
is going to be I think one of the most
luxurious looks I've been apart so
anyways if you guys like that type of
stuff you like supercars you like all
that stuff I mean who doesn't come back
tomorrow and you should be in for a
treat
Yolo Yolo good boy
