yoyoyo everyone welcome to another vlog
so you probably just looked at the
thumbnail title of the video and yes it
is true today we will be selling the
Range Rover Sport so I know you're all
probably sad and like crying now but
don't worry because you know what that
means that means we're making room for
another car for sure so the Range Rover
we've had a great journey okay everybody
ready Mona silence Mona silence with a
car wow it's so sunny but yeah it is
going it's not a big deal I mean don't
get sad guys don't worry cuz I'm
actually quite happy that it's going
because you know what that means
maybe another Lambo to come maybe we're
gonna win a new Lambo who knows but for
sure we will be getting another car
today we're actually okay it sounds
funny but we might actually get two cars
I know okay let's just okay forget about
all of that just the main thing is today
the cars being sold I think yeah for
sure it's going today I think the person
is coming to collect it today if I'm not
mistaken and I also need to go give back
the camera I got yesterday in exchange
it for a GoPro I think they'll be better
ok want one more moment of silence we've
got such great journeys together Range
Rover we've had such great journeys but
who knows new journeys to come I think
because it is the last time I'm not sure
if the persons collecting it today
another day maybe in a week who knows
but because I know it could be going
anytime now based on when the buyers
going to pick it up let's do a small
little review of the things I like about
this car so I'm gonna get the keys and
show you some unseen things you guys
might not know this car had so be right
back
alright I got the keys from inside now
I'm not sure if the features I'm going
to show you are all going to work
because one of the features I really
love about this car can I see if it
works
darn it doesn't work basically when it's
dark and you unlock this car I'll give
you a circle on the floor saying Range
Rover now I know you guys have seen that
before
ok another part I love about this car
and I know these features are pretty
basic a lot of them but it's just things
you appreciate just like that you come
to your car you press the button and
your boot opens and if you don't you
just press it stops press
and closes I love these features by the
way and one feature you actually might
not know about is what I'm about to show
you so the door is normally on the door
when you open it you have to like slam
it shut
but this let's just say okay I bring it
down really really gently you see that
the door pulls itself in it has this
like I don't know automatic closing
thing but just for the sake of missing
this car I'm gonna go sit in it and chat
with you guys for a little bit actually
I'm already gonna chat too much I'm just
gonna take you through all my back right
back the door just shot on my back but
yeah let's just appreciate the interior
of this car one last time I'm not sure I
think it I don't think it's going today
cuz it's getting kind of dark and yeah I
don't think the buyers trying to pick it
up today but it might be going soon so
in case it goes like tomorrow morning
when I'm asleep let's just do this
little tour of the car so I'm really
gonna miss the interior of this car I
know I've seen it so much but I think
it's just like something you know you
take for granted while you have it and
then once it's gone you're like damn I
miss that so look at this I love the
interior looks so nice like dammit I
haven't even taken any Instagram
pictures of this car so I might do that
now just to have his like memories but
yeah as I said it made sense of the car
to go now especially with my car coming
in soon and that was a great journey I
think one and a half years with this car
it's a 2014 model and yeah it's been
it's been quite a journey not bad not
bad
so me and my team are just about to go
get bubbles some food just embrace the
view guys this could be one of our last
times with this Carla just feel it up oh
you know how many vlogs we made in this
car I'm gonna miss you bro I'm gonna
okay
breathe more breathe I know I'm gonna be
completely honest guys so the reason I
have not even managed to go anywhere
today is because my video I uploaded it
three times and it failed three times
bearing in mind the first time it took
an hour and 10 minutes and on the last
two minutes it failed like it's
seriously annoying when that happens and
it just annoys me so much but because of
New Year's new me I don't care like you
know what it happened it happened I
can't do anything about it so I sat home
editing it and now finally finally
thankfully I uploaded but it's only in
720p so if you guys see my videos in the
720p please understand that my internet
has been acting up on me it's been
paying me I don't know why it's doing
this me but I need to go swap out that
camera I got yesterday for hopefully a
GoPro I think the GoPro should be better
and maybe I can do some swimming tonight
so my muscles started aching you know
I've been doing the biceps I've been
staying on it guys I really have like
I'll just pick it up throughout the day
and do some biceps and yeah I know you
guys are probably wondering more only
bicep I know I don't know why I haven't
got any other body part okay video
should be finished in two minutes and we
should be good to go it's just been
frustrating me so long so it turns out
the cars gonna be with us today no one
came to pick it up but this is what I
meant about the light you're flexing I'm
real quick let's go I just arrived at
the mall and I'm super anxious to see if
they're gonna take this back from me
because I want the GoPro oh wow okay to
mercedes-amg Gigi's I think I don't know
what
them GPSS it Wow look at that that's
beautiful ones wild ones matte black I
really like that matte black one though
it looks so mean this is definitely a
card have so guys I did manage the
exchange in further go pro as you can
see in the bags and because we did so my
mom is filling out a raffle ticket right
now because we paid like an extra seven
hundred for the GoPro so that means one
more chance to win the Lamborghini Oh
oh my god if mommy more wins I swear
that's not fair I wish that okay this is
my ticket write my name on this okay if
I win that's going to be so funny
seriously I'm cooling it from now if I
win it I'll cooled it already
that should have my name already written
across it mold lungs anywhere because
you know I'm going to win that right and
it's already Illuminati planned out
okay we're actually going to KFC right
now and I know you're probably thinking
that ain't special mo but every time I
go we don't get a bucket you know the
bargain buckets but now we're gonna get
it cuz I'm having it my mom's having it
my sisters at home and she's starving
and she's gonna have it is all so let's
have a family feast I'm not gonna look
left cuz I know the cars ready looking
inside thinking what am i doing oh let's
just ignore them ignore the haters
outside the window oh just a gang up
next food is home hello we got the KFC
by the way my sisters upstairs us while
shouting yo this is where what's in here
ah alright as soon as I eat my KFC geez
I'm starving right now I'm gonna open
the GoPro and the headphones the
headphones are actually worth like 300
250 pounds which is like $400 damn sauna
they come free with it so they've got
like a really good deal at the moment
because of the shopping festival anyways
two extra buns
another four buns and you know the good
good business what we've been waiting
for the bucket the almighty bucket bow
down bow down to the bucket so guys
let's do a quick unboxing of the things
I've got so I got this headset free with
the GoPro it's actually a really
expensive headset and I'm excited to use
it but the main thing in the things I
got work this GoPro so let's just start
unboxing it down I'm super excited okay
let me make sure hero4 black edition
that
good one I'm pretty sure anyways I
always love doing this my buy something
just taking up any sort of plastic
because it was the by shopping festival
they give you a little case with it as
well as the headphones to build a status
a very very exclusive use I'm just going
to sit here and take off everything very
good okay oh I hate sellotape it gets so
annoying it's a pre standard case I'm
going to go ahead and open it for you
guys let's see what is in there so it's
got these really cool compartments I'm
guessing you can put accessories to
GoPro and some other stuff in this strap
okay not bad not bad
the main thing itself is this to go
procure Black Edition but a lot of
things moving in there okay voila
yo this does not come with a screen
there's the GoPro I finally got it out
of its packaging now something I
actually didn't know I thought it had a
screen with it and it doesn't so I'm
guessing the Black Edition doesn't come
with a screen but it's the one with the
highest quality can show up to 4k I'm
going to try and go to the local
swimming pool we have it still open test
this out and yeah let's see what it's
all about after that I'm going to come
and open this headphone because yeah I
want to get there before it closes piece
so it's actually been a really really
long time since I last came swimming and
I just love suing it's a nice way of
relaxing your muscles and just relaxing
you so I'm gonna go look this way pool
is empty I'm going to show you look at
it there's nobody in the swimming pool
how great is that yo I'm so excited to
go into the war right now I hope it's
not cold because okay let's test the
test tactually warm Wow
the war is actually warm that's really
good since its kind of cold outside
yeah put your foot in the war is
actually hot it's good right yes yes
let's go swimming I just quickly rushed
over home because I'm not sure if I can
even get the footage now but I was using
the GoPro underworld fully closed and
water went in it now I don't know what
it is I'm gonna try and test it out
again but like it's so obvious like you
can't even like I'm going to show you so
when you close it you close it like this
you put you put this over here and look
out ty it closes on second I'm trying to
do this with one hand
so this hooks over here and bang that's
how you close it it's so like easy and
you can tell when it's closed and there
is water going into it now I have to see
if this still works
I don't know how water went into it oh
my god
I swear to you like I just feel like I'm
getting like jinxed or something like
bad luck is going on with me recently I
guess then the camera I swear like that
camera I don't know it's turned out bad
and now this this which is a good GoPro
war goes in it because it wasn't closed
like I swear close it properly like it's
so hard when you close it and now
there's water in it I'm like I'm not
even gonna stress about in sight I'm
just gonna touch wood whereas wood I
don't know get wood in my head I can't
wait actually I found wood touch wood no
more bad luck is gonna happen I so I
know it me that would have just
collapsed right now that's how much luck
I'm having at the moment anyways that's
going to open the headset I have over
there on the table
I'm so mad because I was so excited
about the GoPro and I use it and I did
check the footage the footage is like
not touched but I only managed to get
three and because the war when India's
shy itself down anyways I'm going to
open the headset as I didn't tell you
I'd do it when I go
home I didn't even get this room much
because I quickly ran home to try and
fix that soul first of all cool little
flap that opens over here and then and
then I have no idea what to do so okay
headset is out now so that's the little
box that comes in and then after that
can you pull this open no no no no no
there you go it's got really nice box
okay flap opens like that and then
inside comes this very nicely packaged
headphone nice we're doing like I'm
becoming this reviewer and then after
that let's open it see what it is
tada there you have your headphones now
I listen to it inside and it actually
did sound very nice look at it the fit
fits nicely let me just extend it okay
there you go it has like this smooth
like normy headphones like this click
with you see how it just goes in and out
really smoothly so that's pretty cool it
looks really useful and there we go
before I end today's lore I kind of want
to talk to you guys and it's in regards
to life there your life with more I
think you guys seem to enjoy me talking
a little bit and I swear like today
after I did that unboxing I was so
excited I know this probably happens to
a lot of you know I have you ever had
that day where you're so excited to do
something and it turns out so bad like I
was so excited to use my new GoPro like
just got it today I went in exchanged
yesterday's one I'd to be honest that
was stressing himself I was like what if
they don't take you back they're like oh
no exchanges and stuff like that and
they actually did so I was like yes like
that was stressing itself I was like oh
I don't want to get like stuck with a
camera that I don't want so first well
that's how my day started I was
stressing out about that get a new
camera I'm like okay yes there's no way
today is perfect I got my new camera
it all went smoothly and five minutes
after I unbox this I go swimming five
minutes after I walk since I go swimming
under the war I take about 10 seconds
and I see it shuts down and it says
error and I was like wait a second
what's going on and then this whole
thing in here and I'll tell ok I'm gonna
tell you how this messed up ok so if you
see right one sec another focus so if
you see this again on second ok this is
how it messed up so this is how the
GoPro slot opens now when you put this
in it should go in perfectly like this
ok one second let's let's let it just
push in perfect me there you go that is
how it's not so now if you can see that
this is how mine slotted in the camera
didn't fully go in now this is not fully
in if you see what I mean can you see
the edges on the outer edges there's
like little gaps now it should be in
like this that's how it should be in
nicely no gap so mine was in like that
with a little bit of a gap on the inside
and when I closed it it did close but
then that's how the leak happened
anyways well I wanted to go off these
little speeches I basically had a bad
day type of thing but that's not the
point what I want to say is never be
down or negative about what's happened
because negativity is not going to solve
a bad situation it's just going to make
your worse for example at first when
this happened I was like oh no I quickly
ran home and then like 5 minutes there's
I know what mo who cares like what's the
worst that can happen like yesterday I
went and bought the camera and I was
like you know what let me try something
different and what happened at the end
of it I didn't like him I gave it back I
didn't use it just packaged up nicely
and gave it back today this happened the
worst that can happen in the situation
is this is going to get ruined
I'm either going to get a new one
because it's under warranty or I'm not
that's it like this could be damaged who
knows I don't know why I can do with it
but I'll have a pair of head
but if I was just negative about it I'm
going to stress myself out get myself
some white hairs then I have to pay to
dye them white hairs black again and you
know I mean so if you're someone that's
just having something stressful going
and always try and be positive and think
of the solution for example I discreetly
round home and I was like let me let it
dry up because I had wet hands and
everything I was like ok let me go home
I was planning on putting it in rice
because rice tyranny helps and stuff
like that but I did I'm not doing it
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow then
other blog younger your low amount boy
