no this Korra has missile launchers Oh
guys they are about to drift around Lana
yo yo yo what is up everyone welcome
back to another vlog how are you doing
so you can probably tell I've got a
massive smile on my face today and there
is a reason for that guys I need you to
watch until the end of the video because
today something insane is happening and
I'm pretty sure this has never happened
to any other youtuber ah I really want
to tell you but I want you guys to see
it so just stick around to the end of
the video and you'll find out why
anyways we're gonna start out today's
log by your grocery shopping listen a
brother's gonna eat there let's go
watermelone oh that was a mistake
my arm is about to break right now okay
shopping is complete right now the vlog
is about to get very very interesting so
basically I told you something is
happening tonight I'm actually going to
the golf car festival it's like this car
sure that happens once every year but
not only that they are putting my logo
on a building my logo is gonna be on the
entire damn building so anyways right
now we're gonna head out and let's go
check out some cars y'all and since
they're putting my logo on the building
I think you'll only make sense if I wore
Moloch's t-shirt whoa there we go boys
MV bullocks
roblox mud
so right now he just made it to the
divide vegetable city wall are you guys
ready in a few seconds my logo is gonna
be on that apparently it's the world's
largest projection like screaming ever
you're lucky to have that I'm so excited
right now we are here are you ready guys
the vlogs logo is on the building right
now that is insane
guys I think we've officially made it my
logo is on a hotel right now but this is
crazy
check this out my brother's logos on the
building that is insane
listen at this time like I just I'm
already so happy I so let's check it out
so this is the coolest Horror Show I've
ever seen
Wow Wow yo that was insane bro I never
knew such a show bro nine minute session
was nine minutes I'm gonna cut it down
for you guys why your magic lasers and
have you ever knew that water lasers can
make 4d images I think that's the first
time ever I use right now we are here in
the car festival there is a ton of
insane cars so right now we're with a
professional drifter and that is this
beast right there okay so Moe's gonna be
coming in with you first check this out
it looks like a spaceship are you
kidding me so right now my boy is about
to take me trippin I need to learn to
drift I think it's about Lima can I
drift Yorker
another good idea what Buddhists learn
that game will save the passenger seat
hey wait he's gonna take me for a ride
right now it's time for true I need the
helmet bro bro they said they're gonna
drift - guys there's maybe two cars he
doesn't need one in the driver this road
there's two cars they said they can
drift two of them together
shut up my boy up door over here daddy
TV man follow me if you want to drift
with me man take a trip in here I'm down
so it's my turn to go inside the
drifting car and I'm super scared so
wish me luck guys
right now I'm gonna be standing in the
middle and they're gonna be drifting a
car around me goodbye rest in peace
mommy I love you Oh guys they are about
to drift around Lana
you're alive you're alive bro high-five
man thanks for not killing my sister I
shot up my boy habit from dxv garage
right you just follow me on the hashtag
big star Oh success bro you could have
died sighs I said right now we are going
around the car festival there is a ton
we have got the whole squad out here I
mean look at this this is for me this
one actually has Santa Claus
what band is coming to town oh okay so
everything is calm down just a little
bit you can actually hear what I'm
saying for once but this is actually
beautiful man like this is why I love
coming to these events you see cars that
you never see anywhere else like hey my
man over there what's up and they
actually have transformer guards
look at this
Wow Wow Wow Wow
yo this Cora has missile launchers next
to it okay so right now I'm checking out
my boy Nash's car I'm gonna let him tell
you about it cuz it's insane tomorrow
2013 m16 jet fighter a jet fire car
actually transforming to a plane tiger
hopefully everything disgusting man just
except for one piece again he is
actually custom made everything these
missiles are speakers yep how do they
work like are they connected so on the
inside he's actually cut the steering
wheel guys like this whole thing has
been transformed even look it's got the
switches of a fighter jet wow that's
crazy
3d printed a shifter custom a steering
wheel all switches work
we got hardware everything is different
from the inside so yeah once you go
inside
you feel like you're driving a plane
alright so I have actually switches
here's which is here each switch control
something so let's say this which
controls the gauges here
so guys as you saw he's tried to
transform this car into a fighter jet
and Oh bro I need that my car I need
it's over there you know what that is
those are speakers no I sure functional
speakers salvation yo my sister just
missed our whole speech this car is like
a fighter jet that's what they made
they keep on saying no more burnouts but
people were savages now what do you do
okay so everything is wrapping up right
now and I literally mean it like right
now they're covering all of the cars
because the event is finishing up listen
this car you've seen it a couple of
times
it's the Hellcat with blood on it y'all
this car is murderer right here a
murderer so as if you haven't heard
enough revving we're gonna do one more
for you okay so my man is actually gonna
show me something really cool apparently
it's a car religious tradition or
something it's a limited release one of
a kind over the world okay basically a
Mini Cooper done by dots automotive oh
yeah that's the one covered here oh my
god what what
that is crazy guys if you turn these
they're bitching spinners oh my god
that is insane well it's one holes all
over the plan oh my god there's holes in
the garden yeah it's pools open and
fitted with the fidgets burst that's
permanently they're not just stuck okay
okay
that is crazy guys I don't think you've
ever seen something in the world like
this this is just yeah you guys can see
it there's nothing much I can say for
now we're heading up home guys I told
you today was going to be crazy for now
we're gonna head out of here guys let's
go let's just relax oh sure the course
here I think I need to go to hospital my
ears are bleeding yo boy so I am finally
home right now it is super super late
listen I just wanna say today's event
was lit like it was literally lit okay
and honestly it was just so much fun
ah okay where did you get to see your
logo on a building like a proper hotel
the world's largest projector thingy
whatever I don't know it was insane but
yeah guys as always of a wrap up today's
video here if today's vlog doesn't
deserve a like I don't know what does
okay and if you're not already
subscribed around here I did I give up I
give up like this this video deserves
that so guys if you're new around here
make sure to subscribe click the
notification bell and as always I'll see
you tomorrow for another vlog all right
I love you guys and stay awesome galeano
