good morning everyone welcome to another
vlog starting the vlog here as always I
feel so happy when I see bubbles and
Kitty happy in the garden like look at
him right now I'm happy that you're
happy look at him he's adore white sir
he loves me outside she hi how you doing
buddy enjoy yourself this morning our
gardeners put like poison in the grass
and stuff so buzzing kitty can't go out
any more like she she we just had them
inside today and bubbles is dead asleep
on my mum's room on my mum's bed anyways
look at this check this out check this
out your bubbles oh I don't know I like
cuddles up like that so hilarious
look at him anyways I'm gonna go out now
because I'm either going to buy myself a
GoPro today or a g7 X which is what I'm
using right now now the one I'm
currently using like it's glitchy it's
really glitchy I've hit it on the floor
dropped it in sand everything you can
possibly think has gone up with this
camera and yeah I think I need your
place look it's even going out focus now
don't do that camera don't play me I'm
actually really in love with this shot
and I just like really simple tops and
yeah as you can see my water is so full
right now basically I've still got boxes
from when we moved from London to here I
don't know where they are think I
downstairs in the closet and we haven't
opened them all up I don't know why we
should do that because I still have so
many clothes I need to put into the
closet maybe one day I can do a cool
little I don't know my Ralph Lauren
collection because I'm going to actually
go a lot of rough Lauren's and I didn't
even buy boots the Muslim were just
gifts like loads and loads of people
just get me off line I don't know why I
don't know but yeah I could do that
anyways my mum's just gonna pray and
we're gonna leave to go to the mall and
yeah do some shopping pace before I went
out I had to show you this soul if
you're someone that remembers this hit
the like button and if you're not then
I'll link the videos to how I got this
in the description because it was a
really fun video for us to be now that I
look at it we look so dumb doing either
let's go do some shopping guys The Mummy
more so there's actually a reason we're
doing shopping now I told you this is to
buy shopping festival but not only that
if you spend six hundred and fifty
Durham's you can win a Lamborghini
Huracan and I'm gonna be spending so
much trying to win this rockin I don't
know why why not have to write like
that's the mentality should have why one
when can have two I just arrived at the
mall and I saw a monster of a car only
wondering why is it more fame if you
guys don't know what that is you
probably all do the Porsche 91 eight
oh my god is seriously gorgeous look at
the curves this car has my favorite part
all-time favorite part about this car is
just the engine the booty the booty is
so nice on this car look at it damn son
obviously you also have Europe I don't
know why I always see a g-wagen
partnered up with a rolls-royce but they
really do look beautiful this is a blue
I really like that darkish blue looks so
mean and so fun at the same time anyways
let's go
and do what we came to do here let's do
some shopping some of you actually asked
me where this parking is actually the
first floor of more than Burris Ferrari
four five eight the new Ferrari for AAA
and there's two more cars another
Ferrari and an i8 which I'm going to go
and show you now here
I should know shows I'm f12 I think it
is anyways and finally the BMW ia
anyways that was a really nice line of
cars today they had they had a lot like
the monday is full of beautiful cars
today before you get any shopping done
you always have to eat i don't skip my
muse I don't miss my meals they're
essential your success so don't skip out
on food because food is life
so my mom got her meal before mine and
look at it it sees nachos with like
chicken and gelatine yo and everything
by just going to buy myself a GoPro and
I found out this is better than a GoPro
so it's the newest model of this AEE
camera action thing I'm gonna go for it
and yeah hopefully I can like it I'll
definitely open and do a new review I
hope so you guys can see so I just got
the camera and thanks for my guy and her
she actually gave me an amazing deals I
shall say thumbs up rather she did look
us up fish
we're just over at the customer service
and my mom is filling out the form to
win the Moroccan so we have two entry
tickets as you can see she's over here
she just finished up and she's going to
hand it in and who knows I swear if we
win the Huracan it'll be so amazing and
we like so hilarious because we have to
I imagine I mean I don't know I don't
think it'd be fair free wanna but if we
did it'd be super cool I know why not
I'm gonna go show you the Lamborghini
which we've entered to win so it's
actually this grey one I've already
showed you let me show you again this is
the lamb without actually entering to
win so fingers crossed
we can up to one white one energy food
is dark blue dark grey all right guys
let's say goodbye to the Lamborghini who
knows I swear if I win this if I win
this is on my mum's name so she's
actually gonna win it that's actually
technically my mom's Lamborghini so
mommy more will have a Lamborghini are
you so funny anyways I'm gonna head up
home now and show you the amazing stuff
I got you're not even gonna believe what
I got it's so random because I don't
know it's cool I just got it my mom
quickly stopped to get some groceries I
swear parked on the pavement so like
bent like a look at the car this is flat
and our cars like this because we're on
the pavement okay let's go you ready
okay let's let's go down the pavement
okay let's hear this thumb
Oh oh there we go
nicely done mo time to show you guys all
I got I know you guys are excited
because I find it cool anyways it's time
for opening yo yo check it you can check
it go time let me show you let me show
you what I got I'm super pumped okay
guess what you think I got okay you're
guessing it's right there let me show
you and it's called an AE e can now we
said this is bad for low light condition
same frames per second 1080p sorry
what's the worst that can happen it's
going to be better than my old old GoPro
because my GoPro is a GoPro - it's old
so that is why but that's the first
thing I go okay you're probably
wondering okay no it's just the new
camera no no no no there's something I
go - I'm super excited about you ready
boom you're voting wondering what is
this more that you're showing us it's
actually a pair of goggles like
underwater go who's that record I swear
I I was gonna pick between this or one
that looked a bit better but this one
was the bad quality ones and now I'm
gonna look super goofy when I go around
anyways I also got an extra car charger
but that's nothing important yo the
seriously shot - the homie that work
that Emacs for hooking me up he did his
best and he got me the best deal he
could so yeah that's that car charger
all right bubbles bubbles what's up you
try the video oh yeah just to sleep on
the table don't worry it's not like I'm
doing a pack opening here or anything
anyways I got two awesome things
I was pretty rocky wait let let me show
you those yep I'm doing a mail time and
he's sleeping on the table great
my mom just completely left the video
suddenly I don't know she she had to go
anyways just gonna be me and you let's
open this up now I would say one thing
about this I like how it looks all black
now GoPros are silver Brian I just like
the color open nice good job oh and
there we have it okay why is it still
not opening there we go
it's got like a nice tin package not bad
okay there we go slide this out it's
like a iphone unboxing now whoa okay
smells very nice it comes with a few
monitor I don't know what these are
looks like sanity of some sort also
inside it we have I so yeah you did tell
me this came with it it comes to this
extra case something I will say I love
about this product it comes with a watch
like this watch controls the settings of
how you use it like you can actually
click a button on the watch and like you
use the GoPro type of thing on your head
alright standard standard cables and
find a mission standard Mouse where you
can stick on to places we're going to
get onto the main part that I've been
waiting this whole time to show you oh
boy cellophane okay one of the cool
accessories this yellow thing this can
control you taking photos and videos I
think and it goes into this cooler watch
case that came with okay let me open up
and put it in there okay it goes in from
the front there you go
I'd like a watch and you kinda just push
it out that just separates up and you
can push it back here which is super
super cool let's put that to the side
this is an external monitor game
basically what this does is I think you
can have it like on its own I'm not too
sure maybe you cannot be like doodoos
connected if not I think you just have
to like connect it here
and to push it in it'll be like a GoPro
4 it has its own screen so that's really
really cool
and it does come with this which I was
talking about this is like instead of
the normal flat case this like has an
extra one and I'm guessing it this
perfectly fits right in there so you can
have like a screen case with and it
makes it more improve game on to the
second thing which I'm more excited
about even though this is the main thing
I'm going to be using i'm separate right
see what these coatings are they just
seem so cool
okay let's call this a te cam to the
side and start opening up this oh not
bad at all
okay you're gonna see what this is
packaged in it's like this plastic
container okay I don't know how we're
gonna use these while driving
oh my god I think I made the biggest
mistake ever
yo yo yo what hahahahahaha oh my god
hahaha
mom please come look at these y'all this
is insane driving I'm gonna look like
I'm driving a spaceship y'all seriously
it looks and it looks cool and
professional but looks like I'm swimming
yeah shuttle you something I don't even
like it feels like there's no glasses
here I swear
I'm the way I'm looking at you I think
there's no gloss like it's that clear I
swear oh my god ah I can't imagine doing
like a point of view driving with these
that's going to be insane that is
actually going to be insane
anyways that's just been me opening a
couple of things look how it looks like
on my mom oh my god how am I gonna drive
with that door it's so big I swear
imagine me doing a point of view driving
like through a drive-thru with that
they're gonna look at me like okay this
guy is completely retarded yeah I just
put this on property and it completely
blocks out your nose how'd you breathe I
feel like I'm suffocating okay I swear
I'm so on that if I don't have both my
breathing holes in it I call it I can't
let me take this off your nice man that
is mad I have to use this tomorrow whoa
buh-buh-buh-buh I made myself my
favorite lollies I remember you guys a
couple bucks back Saudis but ever since
I started making the not teller ones I
just never made these again
so I started again a vacation delicious
I was just sitting here looking at some
of my old blog
randomly and it's just so weird looking
at yourself like even a couple months
back like I was looking my sister and
she looks so different in my opinion now
she does not like I can I'm gonna play
the video for you look at that rhyme or
corner
look at that red violets are blue your
name is Lana and I hate you oh I don't
know I finally really like ah it's like
you're recording every day and then you
look back at it like damn like I kinda
remember that but yeah she so much has
changed I'm gonna be super super honest
I'm so annoyed right now I'm so so
annoyed right now so as you guys so I
was unboxing this and I had a little
play around with it this this I put it
back in its box and you probably know
why so I'm just so frustrated right now
I went to the shop and I wanted to go
Pike just said y'all want the GoPro and
the person that recommended this I told
you recommended this said it was much
better than GoPro and to be honest I'm
not blaming him out when we gave me an
amazing deal but number-wise and I
actually didn't mention it to him
because he said yeah it was like the
stats you can always read stats there's
like for example there'll be a camera
with 40 megapixels and then a camera at
20 megapixels would be better now he
read the stats stats wise yes it did
look better but after using it you can't
hear audio like it's so shaky on your
audio HDD it's just audio out the window
and the quality you can't match that
with the GoPro you cannot match that
when they go for us so unfortunately I'm
going to be taking that back for more
I'm just so bummed because I was excited
I thought I thought I ran into a gem but
yeah there turn out to be anyways I got
a super good deal I'm just gonna go
exchange it the only part I'm sad about
is because I got a really good deal like
with the bundle of products and yeah
it's just ah that's right
try it's alright what's the worst that
can happen nothing nothing anyways
Knossos excited on a positive note
before I end today's vlog I want to say
thank you thank you everybody I know I
say this so much but also I saw my
comment section now I'm not too sure if
you guys are familiar with some UK
bloggers they were here and Dubai and
yeah I tried to hit them up but one of
them called seen through gloss actually
mentioned me in his video as one of his
favorite brown vloggers I mean like okay
I guess I'm close enough to brown right
but yeah shout to him cool guy and yeah
you mentioned my name I see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog let's keep
going your your score thanks for all the
love and support I see you guys and
other people's comments section repping
the yo-yo squat so if I see that from
now on I'm going to try and reply to as
many people in other people's comment
sections let them know that we out here
okay for now Yolo Yolo you're the squad
for life bye
