yoyoyo everybody welcome to another vlog
so I'm sorry today by feeding grumpy the
cows I died so I came downstairs and he
was like leaning against the window I've
gotten some good good nice juicy food
there you go the chicken everything
how's it going grumpy good can't even
see me behind that so I just closed
Kitty's door because I don't want them
to jump at each other so let's take this
and let's open the door okay he's
running away already don't worry I've
got you that good food be good with me
no where are you running ships but this
is good okay I don't know what you're
running for you need the food to survive
okay there you go
I come in peace take the food and that
is how a friendship is made I fed him
now he likes me what is he fighting with
the food for grumpy has been walking
around this whole garden area where
bubbles in them that walk around and
smelling it let's see oh he made it
swag boys are fat whoa check out my
clothing so today obviously I would
Linden and this is a story of my life
basically as you guys know if you
followed the story but looking for a car
and I called in today I was about to go
in with Linden I couldn't live in over
saying you're Linden let's go I'm buying
a car today he was like whoa cool them
before you go there and I was like okay
sure hello
I understand etc etc or high person
selling nice and does it come with a
warranty 2009 Jeanne signs
it's an American spec Karla when I
wanted and I didn't realize that and
they cannot give you a warranty on that
that's a big factor when it comes to me
because it's a Nissan GTR prices to fix
stuff on that even though you're
probably buying the car for much cheaper
it's still brand new four hundred and
fifty thousand cars so the the price to
repair is going to be based on that not
based on what you pay for it so I'm
gonna go with Linda today and we're
gonna just scout down
where every used car dealership
everything we can because last time I
went honesty I just put my eyes on the
Nissan GTR I don't care this time I'm
looking at Nissan petrels I'm looking at
Ford Mustangs I'm looking at anything I
can get my hands on because time is
ticking I don't want to wait all the way
out to the end of this month so let's go
by the way for all our ue people are
living to buy my being done beautiful
sale mystic like that see it over game
that we buy it straight over here
alright let's go
PS the cats are outside as always oh
yeah run back it I don't know why she
runs back inside as soon as I come
outside it's like she doesn't like it
look above let's check out my was over
there your best friend that's my best
friend that's my best friend three
shadows anyways sister just washed a
Lambo again today by the way you guys
were like mole when are you taking the
Lambo out I just actually takes out
quite a bit when I'm with Linden cuz I
take the Range Rover so I gave her the
vlog camera today hopefully I'm crossing
my fingers your blog but can never
guarantee when it comes to Lana she's
like is that I do what I want okay oh it
looks really nice and it's washed whoa
shiny you put your car round parked and
then what's up oh yeah I hate time to go
this is it flooding or is it just my
sister doing this to the place this is
my sister watching okay what hi guys
today me and my mom are just about to go
up my brother asked me to vlog my part
of the day and I'm just heading to
borscht belief of my mom hopefully there
would hopefully be a cut this up long
cut this far hopefully we'll be there
soon and I'll try and vlog on the way as
well if I can I'll see you guys my
favorite song cuz if you like the way
you look that
much oh baby you should go and love
yourself I do I do man
the red light destroy hey oh hey oh
there's a red light for me
look at the weather whoa look at the
shot we're getting right now in the
camera - that is amazing
that is one of the best views I've ever
seen I called you the line
it needs the rain born to buy us amazing
so guys linden is going to put the
camera on the window so you can see the
incredible view today like it's amazing
and I know you guys might be watching
from like other countries where it is
like cloudy and stuff but Dubai this is
kind of rare and it looks awesome so I
like it okay
show them out the window or the roof
anyway
gorgeous
I'm quickly stopped by a deals on wheels
now normally they do like high-end
luxury cars
I did see a GTR and I want to ask if
they do give warranty so let's go check
it out so unfortunately the GTR doesn't
come with more inch and the reason is is
because 2009 the manufacturer warranty
runs out and they don't give you
extended one because they can't they're
not like official dealerships so we're
gonna head out but Linden Creek you
wanted to show you this is a car you
actually rented out on prom for me and
my son so that's dope Linden was once
driving this and is actually one of his
favorite supercars because they
experience right it's really good
anyways we're not going to spend too
much time here this is the Aventador I
like this color matte color combination
and finally one of my friends loves this
SLR by the way it's one of their
favourite cars
how much is an SLR nowadays anyways
we're going to quickly go now goodbye to
the SLR and let's go search other places
we stopped by this quick short we saw on
our way couldn't find anything so I've
come into this place called 4x4 mowers
I'm looking around I think they mainly
do four by four motors so I don't think
I'm going to find anything but they have
like some nice four wheel drive things
that I do like but maybe not now by the
way you might be wondering why I'm not
really recording too much in the car
shops because unless I find something I
can't be bothered anymore I'm just gonna
find something I really wanna show to
you because
I've just got tired of the carloads
myself you know what we couldn't find
anything that's it like that was the
quickest car look ever today what is
this guy doing I swear
throwback Thursday son huh ah I remember
this oh so bad I missed II like boy
button you know like yeah I'm gonna wait
for my pop you have that when it hits
I'll be down back you don't owe me to
relay though yo that Mustang is so loud
mad oh my god
that's nice that is nice back to the
Mustang we are back for another car with
Linden ha dirt Gao gardening Linden goes
desert safari a lot of washed out days
well anyhow I just rinsed off all the
dirt people that follow knowledge come
would know how dear to me yeah I saw
actually no I'm done
okay calm down nice beating oh god I
really do like the automatic washes here
they don't scare me they're just like
very far away from your car they don't
go shake clean as good though can your
icons in UK the ones in the ones and you
can show closer okay little spray go
spray yep thank you it's the teeth edges
the t's you can't really see it but
where is it coming from
yeah I'm not sure if you can see that
guys is that none is coming from
somewhere here like this then you see
this vent since we have stopped at the
petrol station I'm feeling a bit peckish
I want to have something that I haven't
had for a while yo this seems like the
thing salt and vinegar chips tips okay I
think I'm getting that you know what yet
I'm going for it why not why not I
haven't had this in a long time wait is
this the normal brand for this type of
thing chip sticks yeah is it nice I just
try it
Linden's feeling lucky filled out this
raffle to win a free car this is all
my real estate is favor car could have
been destiny it could have a destiny yes
go for it
I don't know this is listening to
determine if you win or not I swear well
right now think in your head which one
would you have gone for it more than the
pitch left a lot more in this one okay
mostly regarding for the one with more
okay
hi good luck on that patrolman first
ride shotgun so this is the chicken
wings and look at how they present it
I'm not really a salad for a son but it
does look pretty cool well that was
really nice we just had a small little
snack over there why not why not very
good cheeky what do you think is better
before this was matte-black
okay the whole grill how did you do it
spray paint spring me but wait did you
do it because I spray painted stuff in
the vlog oh no you just did it I do this
like I like ages ago
I thought maybe you're inspired um I say
baby no oh oh the look better chrome so
I don't know I kind of like the car I
think it matches like the Jeep emblem
I like the black as well believe me like
when this car is behind you in the
mirrors yeah with this matte black all
looks really mean it looks more mean
like they wouldn't move up the way okay
like oh it's okay I like both DeBeers
I've seen them over I like them I was
telling it and I've got the most what
was that was that word I use head a cage
or something like that one yeah
are we gonna get there more
this is something I don't understand
Linden over here he is a fully certified
well so he can basically ride an
airplane by his old in his flight school
and he's coming over here to a simulator
and he's gonna pay to do it
I don't know fun at least you enjoy what
you're doing at least that's a bonus you
enjoy playing okay there Flay we wanted
to ride wasn't working wait where you
off price of watches let me see if the
guests on it
they're having their tea over here
caffeine year I think me and Linden are
going to go to our yeah we actually
stole this do anything
we took try from ops anti-car I'm
important here and we just wrapped the
around tissue surprise oh yeah they're
just chillaxing here you know squad this
what is it
I think way I think there's going to be
a day we come here then there's going to
show many people we know here just to
chill out because also hang out with lie
bar and safe yeah I didn't forget your
day is okay that time
so everybody's rolling out you're
wondering why are you here in the
parking lot basically we found this car
who Breuer here oh my god oh my god is
that random cart wait excuse me don't
get close to the car I'm just here for
the okay come vlog diesel in the vlog
this by the way Linden's you too
vlogging come plug the back when it
turns on the noise are you okay who
cares anything will do for us we're not
picky man obviously go off they go yeah
don't worry I was nothing to us I mean
we're quiet
I love that noise I love it
okay we'll follow you so we're actually
having the Lamborghini escort us because
you know you're never too safe when
you're with Lyndon because the fame
level is just hanging here level let's
play tag bumper bumper Oh
Mini Cooper wants a race Mini Cooper is
in a race oh my gosh you just got this
car next to us go away we don't want
your peace signs stop harassing us never
seen a slower driver in a Lamborghini I
mean my cystic it's disgusting yeah
what's good hashtag stalker girl
he's busy
does she think she has like a faster
carcass obvious always he doesn't know
that his Jeep is v58 in this place
anyways there you go my sister's in the
car what do you have to say to the yo-yo
squad they were like why haven't we been
in the Lambo trios my sister has been in
the Lambo quite a bit
without the blog guys but yeah I haven't
been there to vlog it so I've given her
try oh they want to see the car it's
alright we don't need you anymore your
video the car and there we have Linden
the boss good Linden Oh
oh boy yeah is that song I think I've
long you have that song oh my guitar
Oh Oh God oh you know it's funny my mom
actually what the same thing as Linden
she entered for a Patrol why is my mom
against you it's my mom again yeah who's
gonna get it
Remy boys they know us what's that oh
you want okay Wow look lambo problems we
get we get their grocery shopping
the red lights are free to you guys
this is the race everybody's been
waiting for guys okay guys obviously I'm
gonna win it this is the race
everybody's been waiting for we're going
sports mode oh my god must be trainer to
you we get on your marks go
did you put it down you got lucky
I know these guys lived in is heading
off home now it's been an eventful day I
think we didn't buy a bit okay love me
you guys as well especially so that was
awesome love you guys and Linden is out
peace
I'm going to wrap up today's vlog here
but before I end it I'm just going to
say in regards to the Nissan GTR I'm
going to take my time with everything
and just wait until I see a really good
deal in the market and if I think it
makes sense
I'll get it but because of the warranty
thing hmm I'm not too sure and I've seen
a lot of your comments and it's a 50/50
people say go for people say dull and
I'm not too sure anyways I'm going to
take my time regardless if a really
really good deal pops up might go for it
if not then you know the deal peace
y'all know Yolo and I see you guys
tomorrow for
