look at Kitty guys oh my god she's so
excited what I've never seen her that
excited she broke it oh well that's a
great way to start the vlog oh oh oh my
god
oh the somersault no she got it she's
not letting go whoo
so I'm my toy yo yo yo everybody welcome
to another vlog I started today so late
except from the morning where I was
vlogging qiyam bubbles and I'm not sure
if I put that in because I had no intro
to it regardless if I did you have seen
it by now I sound kind of dumb anyways
today we're actually going to the pure
box and not our normal one because we
got a cool saying hey you have a package
like always you know as I okay hey
what's up and they're like none NNN and
that this ain't a normal package I was
like what what do you mean they're like
you can't come to the post office to
collect it and at this point I was like
home what's going on like this package
is so big that we can't bring it to your
post office you have to come here to the
main post office and collect it damn son
what the hell actually I think it was
going to go through customs and it
didn't something weird happened with
this package so let's go see what's
inside I'm kind of curious because they
said it weights to kilograms and it's a
big box and I've had a big box before
the mail and they gave it to us sold
this much this must be bigger than that
I'm guessing let's see what it is I hope
the person lets me show in the vlog
inside 2 kilograms doesn't seem like
much but if you have like a couple of
light things in there I guess it can be
big so let's go see what it is because
I'm kind of curious I'm upstairs right
now and I want to show you guys
something I've mentioned this in the
past but I don't think you guys actually
really cared but my sister she buys so
many things that they sometime
sit in our closet for a long time with
their like their tags and everything and
this is an example of one soul this is
her Ted Baker bag she wore this about a
year ago and this tag is still on it how
much was it it was originally 903
closely but I bought it for 400 is a
pretty good deal actually on this bag
and it looks so nice and she's had it in
her bag like in her I mean closet for
like a year go for it you know what my
favorite part is oh you took off the
wrong part my favorite part is taking
these off yeah I love taking these
plastic things off like watches and
anything yeah there's one more I'll do
the honor pretty nice actually matches
okay let's let's do like a for the girls
watching a tour of what you're wearing
okay she's got the t-shirt she's got the
bag she got the jeans and she's got the
shoes my room it's a mess okay hurry I
don't wanna see anything else that's it
that's it I'm going peace oh that's all
right Ralph sure Ted Baker some jeans
and shoes salvatore Savage okay girls
I'm sorry okay there you go girls you
got that bye bye bye bye before I come
out my favorite spray in the world the
original boss spray like this is such a
huge bowl i boy in the airport there you
go smell nice before you our ladies love
it
don't forget boys smell nice they need
to sponsor me all right we're heading
out right now it's actually pretty late
that's the good part about the central
post office it's open unto an 8 o'clock
I think or 9:00 and as you can see frame
8 right now it's like 7:00 we just
arrived at the post office let's see
what's up over here they've got like a
massive massive post office here because
it is the main
unlike I'm not sure if you can see all
of them blue things those are all pure
boxes I've actually never seen this many
of your boxes like it's a mad amount
like if you think about it there's like
20 brooms pull up your boxes which is
just insane I just got myself a little
ticket
hopefully the parcel should be here soon
this is like the main station so that's
why they give you that I don't think
it's 2 kilogram so it shouldn't be too
big okay I think it's my number I think
it should be soon so we just when they
gave our ticket to wait and they'll
bring the box out so I'm not sure what
to say I don't think it should I think
okay I'm guessing like just hand-sized
up a box
like it could be big
imagine tyler july out of the toys or
fluffy stuff i want to know what's
inside it is all description don't open
alright let's see what comes I'm excited
every package I see them bring I'm just
like that's all that's ours that size I
have preferences if I see something that
I think looks cool I'm like okay no
that's our package I don't know it's
been like five minutes and there's been
like 10 packages coming it's just a
guessing game now I know I hope it's
like something medium sized alright
we'll have to see
okay thank you we got our package it's
this box okay it is medium sized I did
say but that's let's see what's in at
home I can't guess it doesn't even feel
like 2 kilograms hold it hold it
what you reckon it is I think half a
kilo maybe it's just me because it's
honor you do think you feel like you kg
I know I thought it's half a kilo and it
was $60 shipping charge Dan man thank
you so much guys like really that's
quite a bit for just the shipping I
don't even know what's in it so from now
I'm gonna say thank you I know it's
gonna be something amazing yeah ok let's
not shake it around I mean let me hold
it so excited to see what it is we
finally made it to Mall of Emirates it's
actually super packed out in all the
shopping center because the by shopping
festival was officially started so all
the big snails and stuff are going on
now and the mall is just completely
packed out so let's see I really need a
new hat let's see if I can get a couple
gether the sale
my sister is going somewhere to have
some sushi I completely hate sushi shop
going
how'd you like I don't know how people
eat sushi like I think it's just a
love-hate type of thing okay
the place looks nice I'll show you
that's the place look at the cool
decoration it has a skull like this
really fancy seeing area yeah okay you
go check that menu Wow okay so these are
the seats that my sister got this place
looks so cool yeah it's like the house
of mirrors you can see me in the mirror
right there how much does it get out the
mirrors
okay fine
as you saw these are seats but did you
guys think on seeing your Nagi I'm gonna
go take a takeaway and bring it here
she wants another picture I'm gonna be
back here all right peace
don't tell anyone I'm a cheer like this
by the way look um I that's really cool
editing till late night like there is so
red I'll see you guys soon just ordered
my food at PF Chang it's going to take
20 minutes I'm going to walk around and
see if I can find myself a nice hat so I
came and I picked myself up a hat now
this was the last black one they had the
reason I love the hats over here is I
don't know why they have like a perfect
fit to my head look they don't have any
more blacks left this was the last one I
finally managed to get my take away it
took so long I mean normally doesn't
take that long like 25 minutes right let
me see if my mom's sisters still here I
think they are basically finished now so
I'm happy somewhere else I made it but
they're pretty much done with their food
it's going to be so embarrassing tea but
what did you guys have is that dynamite
shrimp
does it taste the same sure hundred
percent sure it tastes the same
that's it
oh you call this automatic this is not
automatic this is like yeah I know
that's okay
know what ready automatic there's
nothing we can equate it either
I hope the station ice is actually nice
I am such a rebel in my sister's face I
said she was so panicked this is
obviously you know where I got it from
take away my mom and sister are having
their meal this ain't even from your
hashtag rebel hashtag mo my mom kept her
plate just so it looks like we still
have stuff it so kind of it kind of
blends in
don't tell anyone I did this I don't
think hair allowed my sister this guy
seriously hey I just want books and
there you go this is going around
Instagram of you i was blurry wow I
can't believe that
oh my god
don't forget kids look at me in the
mirror they don't want you to eat good
they don't want you eat good I rather
look at me so funny
anyways look this is what you call a
proper dessert okay go go ahead and cut
it cut it off dude honors can I can I
just can I need knockout sorry I'm sorry
I'm so you do it
oh my god oh my girls caramel sauce my
mom
okay cut guys cut we are back we're in
the glass shop to buy my mum's and
glasses they don't suit you to negative
log slang my sister just did their daily
run of makeup shopping I did it all I
needed it she can't live without the
makeup guys continent without it I use
it once a year but by everyday oh yeah
it's a necessity that the anyways on our
way in we got a parking ticket and
they've got it up they don't even care
take take my ticket back you gave me I
want you to take it back here how can
they do that to me who accelerates
downhill that's the dumbest thing I've
ever seen like the one rule you learn in
driving school downhill who is on break
and
I just put a try something new yo we can
buy a home again
so although we only have one box I
thought it'd be better everybody sat
around and watch me open my gift because
that is the best way of doing it so I'm
super excited
I think isn't for me bubbles voice okay
bubbles coming out hey everybody's out
arranging oh yeah always running away
unfortunately go skip don't make it so
we're just going to continue with that
neck oh so excited yeah Oh
there we go nice guitar
I'm goddess I'm sorry okay so inside the
box
well packaged okay
Thank You trapper joy I love the water
notice this gift um Tom loves you now oh
I thought for a second it was red 17 and
it looked like blood I think everybody
is just excited okay I hope that's a
gift for him oh my god
okay but most piece for the sake of this
video don't ruin it with the Box Murnane
which I'm gonna sit down all other
couples you joined in the middle time
okay you know I think what defending the
girl don't worry don't worry
so I just read the letter and I want to
say a huge thank you you know who you
are
the letters for me to know and no one
else saw let's go on to they give you
got to know their COBOL speaker be nice
within no time
wow that is amazing guys I feel like
I've got my own like dozen thank you so
much seriously I mean that I never
thought I'd have a cool case I won't
believe I swear you won't believe it oh
I can't watch a good guy one second I'm
gonna show the book first
oh the way oh my god
it's custom Domino's involve oh look at
that
oh my god
that's so cool something I never
imagined I would never imagine that
seriously guys mo vlogs custom dominoes
nice okay I'm opening that make it I
don't know you could do that I don't
know able oh nice
that's so you dig yeah it's so unique I
love you for that
oh okay come on now okay so I can't when
you see one of them please look there
you go guys
mo blogs I'm going to read this letter
as well first I'll do it yes I never
miss ball very good
Disneyland dollars whoa whoa I say I
really do want to give a huge shot at a
person sending it thank you so much I
did read your letter nobody will find
out what was in the letter but I do want
to say thank you of that part and just
think the things I'm happy I open this
alone because the things are so nice in
it okay I'm gonna go on to read the man
in private I just found out from the
letter these are actually worth one
letter each they're like you can trade
these for one dollar everything yeah
these are actually worth one dollar so
it's like legitimate Disney donors so
are these like
yeah this event that completes like for
$1 collection yeah every type of $1
Canadian is Neil and and the u.s. $1 so
you have to buy something yeah you can
actually buy something special yeah we
never using these anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed thank you so so much that I
said this again and again but this was
like one of the best gifts I've ever
received in my life like and you got the
custom mold blogs Domino's I just can't
thank you enough so yeah they're really
sweet I don't know what to say anymore
anyways surround everything up we got 3
$1 ammo blogs box and custom dominoes
this okay Disney people anyways I'm
going to continue the rest of the vlog
piece one I know I'm about to show you
is nothing compared to why just go in my
mail time but I didn't buy myself a new
hats and this is my old hat you can see
it's kind of like yeah worn out a lot so
I got a new one which is the black one I
really like this hat because it fits
nicely on my head look yeah good I like
it I like it maybe you guys not so much
but there you go
new hat it's going in the collection you
like the feel of this it's good not bad
you guys are looking at me like a bit I
feel like everyone's against me now
after the bureau box opening July motor
you got the stuff but we doing anything
okay okay I kill you you guys bubbles
was complaining to the nya he stops
working and see what he says is he
saying do it or don't saying do it yeah
I think he does why is he complaining so
much unless you don't do it haha
it's like the world's most spoiled cat
out here means I don't even video oh he
like linden oh oh I think he's just
sleeping
Sean there you go cuz Linden's leaving
yeah he's crying cuz Linden's leaving
he's been crying for like five minutes
oh yeah he'll rob him I think he was
about to come we're gonna see what he
does
maybe by ages as soon as he starts oh
I've never seen don't touch me more
hahaha don't touch me I had a new friend
a new friend that's my best friend
that's my any of these guys have to wrap
up today's vlog outside buzz kicked us
out like this guy wouldn't stop meowing
but hopefully did enjoy I can't say
thank you any more than I already have
another vlog I really do mean it guys
like even if you're a subscriber
watching the video is supporting the
channel in any way and for someone just
to go to the extent of sending me
something and to be as nice as why just
going that video it's just you're just
talking I'm so thankful yeah I can't
even imagine how appreciative I am just
like the mouth full and the detail it's
just love it's all love in there so
thank you for staying on this journey
team limo team everything you guys have
been supporting any way you can the
channel and yeah
nearly there we'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog hopefully haha Yolo Yolo
goodbye
