hey guys no you go to another video so
I've seen this video on YouTube quite a
bit I wanted to do my version on it so
basically what it is people go around
and they set themselves a challenge of
going shopping and slagging themselves
out and today I'm going to be doing it
with around $50 so since it's to buy
here instead that equates to
approximately 200 Durham's I kind of
bumped out a little bit so I can have a
bit more shopping money and yeah I'm
going to see if I could take this to of
your Durham's which equates to like 35
pounds or 54 dollars and go and swipe my
selves up yeah let's go - ooh
so we just arrived I think I've come to
the perfect spot to do shopping the
biggest mall in the world the divine
ward
let's go because we're on a budget I
don't think we can go to Lambo store
let's keep looking
we need to find a decent price shop so I
can actually buy an outfit with this is
actually gonna be pretty hard ok so we
tried on the first shirt and I did not
realize it had red shoulders so to be
honest I'm not digging it's just not my
type of thing as you can see I'm gonna
pass on this it was a decent price point
it was a hundred with our two hundred
budget so and I'm gonna keep looking
with anybody
it's not in the budget I finally ran
into my lucky shop souls I'm gonna go
and try these on I thought I'd go for a
plain white shirt with some grey shorts
so let's go try these on see if they fit
me well and then maybe you can first
purchase of the day I'm still going to
look around though they've got some
funky colors I might go for the red but
I'm not sure cool red won't match
so we're just gonna have to see I'm
going to try these on first and then we
can see how they go okay so we tried on
the outfit I'm actually really liking it
it's like a good look we can go for like
a sporty summer's day got the white
shirt the grey shorts hello the whole I
think we found ourselves a good deal I
tried these two on the perfect so these
are going to add up to 120 200 minus 120
is a E and that's what we have left to
buy a hat so hopefully you can do it
yeah that's right thank you
so office we should be left with 8/3
which is about $23 I think and then we
have to see if you can get any
else of that so wish me luck we did get
his we got two pieces I've got vehicles
hey guys we have 80 left thank you so
much you walked out with our first
purchase ah this is going to be tough
because I really want this one hat and
I'm not sure if it's gonna fit in my
budget so we're gonna have to see if it
doesn't we have to keep looking it is
actually much harder than that so it's
gonna be these are the funkiest
hair loss as I've ever seen we just left
the Ferrari store I don't think our 80
derms is going to guess much there
we pretty much can't buy anything over
there you know I hate to complain but
shopping is really really hard nowadays
so you know we have to take a break and
have some delicious
- well I was like why didn't you at
least bump up the budget a little bit
just a little bit but no I will make
this work I'm already basically finished
I just need one or two more things
that's it oh look at that they gave you
a heart shape
we're on some very strict budget today
we even share the food we're gonna go do
some shopping again I completely spilled
my milk all over the place
I'm so mad let's leave before they find
out and just be like what the hell is
this so guys I'm in super Drive trying
to find a hat and I run out so 100 guys
yeah I was like just like Jim come to
item this is why you might like really
says my clock I'll tell you about the
challenge you're trying to help me out
but we've got so little of this but it
like anyway like if you come like next
time and differently next time you
should increase the budget and then we
can come back but also see huge but
right here loving you guys for SSI see
ya
but our budget is so tight at the moment
for the last piece we've got 80 Durham's
left and I want to get a really nice
hash I don't know I don't know you might
have to cheat a little bit with the
budget we're gonna have to see who look
at how clean the car is looking we're
stopping locations got the first bag
eighty Durham's left in our pocket and
let's see if we have any better luck at
Mall of the Emirates I I'm gonna be
driving you and I'll see you over there
post my sister's joining us on the lost
eighty Durham soul she still hasn't seen
it with everyone today we have a 200
dirham challenge what you buy so far we
got shorts and a t-shirt they've seen it
I'll show you once we go what we're
trying to swag ourselves out with the
budget okay that's how we do it out that
should that challenge should be for
girls
yeah if you want if you're in I think
like for druids here's a job yeah so be
much harder for her wait why do we have
to leave this camera okay if you guys
want to see me do this challenge nice
voice mapping I didn't do I sell not
much if you guys want to see me do this
challenge hit the like button how many
like 2000 with their girl at the Shelf
the but I know but the thing is like
with girls I can't like with me / you
don't get a bigger budget give you're a
girl
okay you're talking about a full outfit
to go out right yes for me to go out
it's not just clothes
I need my makeup okay know that we just
took my outfit I need shoes black car
buy shoes I'm Mona for daytime right
also shoes no obviously not all afford
it
lazy mommy - I flip flow obviously
should be more challenging I feel like
this is Nokia I'd love to see you just
buy one shirt with 200 er hands
I don't mind off of my jacket sales
happening there must be something ok but
you know I think it would be a bigger
challenge to buy a full outfit like
couple of makeups and okay you don't
bring me no it's not my god
cuz I'm bad you buy the lipstick no and
that's actually nowadays makeup is not
that cheap so you know we're here in one
of the Emirates standard to buy life you
just parked next to a Rolls Royce let's
go do some shopping with my extra bit of
money to get into the small you have to
look through this beautiful valley
section
davai Rolls Royces Bentley's Aston
Martins Ferraris everything you can
imagine there is we've got a beautiful
Assam more in here followed by an
amazing Bentley and up front we have a
Ferrari four five eight and an Aston
Martin look at the brake calipers on
that Ferrari four five eight they're
painted in the Italian flag colors Wow
now that I've seen the cars in this
parking
I feel super broke during this challenge
anyways let's go see if we can find a
reasonable hat for 80 Durham's it's a
good sign when you see a sale sign let's
go in my final final piece the complete
outfit is going to be the Ferrari hat so
I did ask you guys why should get and
you will vote it for black so let's try
it on a shout look
yeah
hello the only problem we have guys it's
15 Durham's out of our budget but you
can still buy it this would not be
included in challenge so we'll just buy
it anyway because it's really nice it's
good it's the same as good oh I found I
found 20 dirt on the floor guys cheaters
I guess we could just add this into the
money right especially I think we can't
add the 20 terms I found them I'm really
the challenge okay in all honestly
because we were short between Durham's
my sister landed me the money I needed
again it's lecture we don't need that
and now we can finally finish the
challenge it was really hard getting all
the stuff with 215 Durham's you can do
the conversions on Google join at the
outside your fancy let's go buy this and
finish the challenge off let's go
the struggle is when you're like
counting the losses of money you have in
the challenge yeah thank you okay
my sister was asking is that it have you
bought your outfit yeah are you done
cheating awesome so done seeing it was
only by like three pounds guys three
pounds it wasn't even much so does that
mean I can break the rule okay no the
maximum we have a leeway of ten pounds
that's it
and I only went over by three so that's
good enough thank you so much hopefully
you guys like the concept of today's
vlog I'm gonna continue doing some
normal vlogging until we got home and I
can show you the full outfit I got I
mean thank you so much it was really
amazing I think I did a good job cuz it
wasn't a big budget especially for
shopping in a shopping center as
mainstream as this one that's all like
you know like top and brands and stuff
so you're not going to find like cheap
stuff like a lot so I think I did good
this turn from shopping with mode to
makeup shopping with Lana I'm totally
gonna spend over $200 my whole budget on
just foundation now look at this weight
focus please
that is my whole budget on this little
thing
well baby what you want it don't act
like you forgot
women count yeah okay finish up today's
video I'm going to go change into my new
clothes
my sister has not seen them and she's
the mom behind the camera so don't guess
what I'm wearing
do you know what happened we have one
more I don't know okay so you could talk
to the camera while I'm upstairs
changing let them know you're it's only
a casual we'll see
just try to get in well I have no idea
what he's gone for considering with the
budget that we well he sat for himself
um hmm I have no idea because like
anything is possible like Oh oh gosh I
should record it good I'm not looking at
the camera okay well I'm not really sure
what he's gone for with that with like
the budget he said I mean anything could
be possible because I saw a lot of sales
happening in the mall so I don't know
I'm really confused but I don't know I
was expecting something like a casual
daily look because I mean it that would
be more convenient so yeah I mean I
would have chosen like a casual look
because you would want to wear them like
breaking early if you know what I mean
but yeah I don't know what he's gone for
so that was my first guess we'll see
it's actually nice this is why I bought
my selves with 250 euros per se I like
the toughts I like the top and an
amazing what happened to the shoes well
I like your top you LCL that you and you
add to what you can feel do know UCLA
sorry I don't know why I just I thought
that was a year ago UCLA
this is outfit hopefully you enjoyed
here's a twirl
okay there are times when I turn around
yeah yeah there's a tag on your head and
yeah I try to do guys to go out with
approximately $60 whatever parts you are
and see if you can get nice out that
think I did pretty good let me know in
the comment section and let me know if
you want to spice it over I guess casual
so I think oh yeah simple like casual so
I guess is kind of anything you guys
think the traveling to the streets
yourself go to a shopping center I might
do this with like I'm not see you oh
geez Oh bah bahs bahs you're trying to
do out through here now this is the boat
waltz tune in next time for another
episode
Oh shopping with mo the series that I'm
doing your entire outfit is the same
price as one foundation he said that's
why being guys she won't foundation for
too
germs are walking accept losses all of
this is equal to a little not not the
sucked like update yeah so yeah but all
of this is one foundation maybe now I
see how they enjoy it as always smash
the like button Mobile's out what are
you doing mom this is the bad part of
trying to do it full-out run and you
just have to keep keep picking out the
money
hashtag struggles who else you defer
them in the air such a short this is
what no one knows what more than this ah
guys I I would never do that
I'm sick nice dog oh man why are you
trying to do make people watch your
videos huh okay all right
