jham jham jham a dead boys up to psych
whoa
yo yo yo everybody welcome to another
vlog today is the first day of 2016 I
feel so de okay I don't I don't know why
you say that I do you feel different no
it's the same thing anyways we're gonna
go buy a barbecue set right now because
I was like yo I feel to go barbecuing in
the desert and my mama's sister like
yeah me too so I decided I was like yo
Linda want to go barbecuing now I think
it's gonna be our family and their
family for a small little BBQ gathering
but we don't have any barbecue equipment
so I need to go buy that right now I
knew right we should have that right now
I'm surprised we haven't had one until
now so let's go get that John man John
and John that oh when did the cat go I
was about to say he ran away as soon as
I started dancing is it that bad is it
that bad Toby Toby loves my mom not me
grumpy come oh yeah he is coming trust
me no no no no no nope grumpy wait
they're not bad with each other I
thought they'd be more bad with each
other
not bad they've become friends right now
that's a nice start to 2016 grumpy and
Toby don't fight with each other I have
no idea why I was wearing my glasses I
just realized there's no Sun in the sky
it's like it's like sunset right now
let's go
yeah is it too late now to say sorry
cuz I just broke my camera again we just
arrived to buy some gruel set type of
things and look at the things they have
wait are these these are like fire torch
you think it should be big enough I
think so which size is it - can I see
and I see no it's just that much
the grills here are not big enough so
we're going to go try the mall because I
think they should have a bigger
selection let's quickly go because we're
getting a bit late right now I'm just
hoping we can get there without there
being any traffic by the way you wanna
see where I parked I parked the car like
on the sand this is the pavement and
that's the car my mom is actually gonna
go start buying stuff because there's
loads of traffic and I don't think I'm
gonna find parking so trying to get up
here okay yeah see you soon peace
it's like blocked off I can't move you
can see the red brake lights in my face
this is the first time I've ever seen
Valley this busy look at it alright we
got everything we needed for this picnic
nice it's so so busy in the mall right
now anyways we got everything we need
for a nice BBQ we're going to head on
home hopefully my sister will be ready
and then head out to the desert and see
what sunlight I get all of this stuff I
met a couple of you guys shout out to
the yo-yo squad we're getting there guys
2016 is our year they've actually got a
Lamborghini Huracan in the mall I think
this might be the new model okay who
knows I have to go I just bought a
really amazing car in Bali oh my god yo
that is gorgeous
that we've got is all the way from
California look at the plate number why
try that is amazing because you know
what why try I'm pretty sure that it's a
special edition let's go around and see
what it says I have no idea that is the
worst time to see such a nice car
because I'm in a rush
darn it all the way from California is
actually California plates and white
ride again my mom is all over there
that's good that's good good
I had to see a car like that today you
know I'm starting 2016 properly we got
all the fresh stuff but my mom just came
in quickly washed a salad quickly did
her thing over here we're gonna go have
a feast the go-to chicken look at all of
that chicken you know you better be
double tap in this video for the chicken
I know you can't even do that when you
do but hit that but on a serious note
guys did you see that Bugatti in the
more than like at the time I was kind of
just as shocked I was in a hurry to get
home those gorgeous like gorgeous okay
so we've got everything for the desert
safari down here lookit ice rack you're
like I'm a kid again because back then
we used to always go like some sort of
camping this has got boiling hot water
inside it sisters ready it was her idea
to go to the desert actually I don't
know why she lacks a desert man she was
like I want to set up like a bonfire
we haven't even look at would a bonfire
yeah that's just called a bonfire oh we
didn't get wash man ah that's the only
thing I always forget about
I feel like this road is getting tired
before I go down and or anytime
No am i living right road they've
extended the roadworks hey why not to go
okay I am black so I just not with Linda
we actually stopped by the petrol
station we couldn't find the wood guy
man where are you at
you guys remember him from the blog last
time but I think you should be back at
his normal spot that's where we're gonna
go all right I'm gonna follow your car
you show oh yeah let's go let's go haha
we got our wood look a little bit there
you go
you finally got the wood let's go and
start bonfire because we only want to
take one car into the sand I'm gonna
transfer everything we have here like
all of this stuff into Linden's car
okay guys I need a helping hand come on
people come on yeah I'm not helping what
if you're doing here you take this as
well it's heavy like I'll take I'll take
I'll take it don't worry Linda this is
heavy okay is that good we've
completely like filled the trunk
enough because that that's
so look at that palace imagine your
Palace being here and you can cut like
quad biking every day the dream so we're
just putting out everything so we can
start your picnic as you can see it's
super dark we need to start fire though
we did buy the wood and everything I
think yeah oh you got a knife be careful
then they don't cut yourself hi there
yet hey I'm sure we have enough wood I
think so let's go and borrow it from
people there knows that that's a Patrol
Linda loves that car a car I'm gonna put
on the top here yeah that just make sure
I like yes 30 night oh yeah oh no put a
fire out
ahh alright Peter - eh how do we do you
smart you smart
hey you a genius okay that's good
I just hope it doesn't blow out Linda
give me a heads up yeah that's good
there you go my sister is in the desert
that's such a nice for smiley if you're
wondering why we're doing this again
guys is because our fire went out
ah thank you oh thank you
I don't know what or is it okay yeah
okay very own good athlete but I think
it might it might doesn't look like it's
gonna do it it's going even oh my god II
cannot fight Oh hop again
nice guy he is going look look he
finally did it
you got like two little fires going on
the tissue that's them
yeah that's definitely something in
there okay this is just extra charcoal
yeah I just put it all around sky
Oh yep great why is there so much dust
in there yeah I decide to everywhere
don't put it in the middle now Georgia
try so yeah I just put my saw yeah I'm
very good I'll speed things up right
Linden's about to kill us all linden
tribe bird just put blood loads of food
eventually will catch on but what you
mean what you think you'll burn through
metal no I own it 100% yeah trust me
just keep on adding flew set up the yeah
cuz how did it burn through yeah there
you go oh he that's not even anything
okay Linda Joyner put fluid on it fluid
I'm making food don't worry she's a pro
she is a pro I've always used to do like
this type of he is one of your face yeah
hashtag hug life that is so much I'm
scared for her are you okay honestly
want my mommy dresses oh he is going to
close it's okay trust me we'll catch on
fire
nananana net professional why are you
blowing it towards me hey go go it's a
bit harder than that I can hear it's me
my head I feel so hungry looking at this
now hi there you go perfect
to go home yeah I know just watching
this the food is almost done it smells
delicious a you asking me in the vlogs
don't flash the vlog yeah it smells so
delicious right now by the way I burnt
it kind of I made the fire grow too much
anyways way lame bleep you let me invite
you yeah
whoa that'd be amazing yeah let's keep
flipping it this looks so delicious
this looks so burnt but it's just
started there weakens add the lemon oh
that looks so juicy it's marinated oh my
god guys this is food goals at its
finest I'm taking this up oh you don't -
you're livin what's good man what's good
my god I know oh my god the dreamer
today was pretty much a really really
relaxed chill day it's the first day of
2016 here you can be the camera as well
and we're all just feasting that's all
we're doing
they don't want you to good they don't
want you to eat good but remember guys
if you're probably that your your squad
ain't good
that's what you do we should do the
yo-yo squad like everyone gather around
in the desert how are you going to
organize that imagine like no you will
get left to life we'll make a list of
who's coming and ends life okay so if
you get the yo-yo membership for just
one thousand dirhams per second you can
be on the list of someone to beat again
you don't need to pay obviously we're
gonna come together whatever we're gonna
start by a barbecue everything I think
we should do that that will be awesome
box day we should have like an organizer
again someone bring my really good
speaker system and put some amazing are
you sure all of this is legal like are
ya
they're not gonna dis blah okay no
decided disco if the desert get this out
of you
we're not gonna set up like a human
thing I don't even think this is a smart
idea and you are we won't obviously we
are there's gonna be a limit
nobody told me is gonna gonna get in
trouble dude yeah if you start telling
everyone to bring speakers oh my god
that draft Rojo
I made it he made it did he make it
no I think I think you didn't make it
oh yeah watch out watch out oh sure
yeah I'm not even gonna move oh okay
made it I was a good one
everyone sit down the muffins are up
it's like that's not yours of
yeah our fires actually die you need to
get more wood things no no no we don't
need it we're just going now so bored
have just been like too much yes I ghost
like when they say ghost stories look so
spooky what a mere little account desert
can you survive we are stranded here
yeah we just realized that we're super
vulnerable to like cars coming so we're
just gonna keep waving our flashlights
around just to make sure they know yeah
just know that we're here so it's time
to put out the fire guys all you do is
kick the sand as always our IP rest in
peace would oh my god
whoa oh
there's an airplane that's nice a super
nice wash on bottom Wow how much
precautionary taking what you need to
lift the thing you live no it's okay
just oh yeah
yeah you have to you have to lift that
okay yeah I can leave it here a snap
that's enough that's enough other people
are here okay
tip it hello be careful yo-yo watch your
feet
Oh amazing yep you just let go
yeah don't worry that's enough that's
enough I don't think anything's gonna
stick to the bottom of that now you
start burying it if I just saw walks on
this phone visit poor dad that was great
I know it sounds great Linden and Lana
nice good job guys good job
can we reverse visually how English yeah
let's get on this guy I'm so scared
right now you're so deep
oh yeah yeah his tires getting stopped
yeah I think what if I should get out
kind of got stuck in the desert right
now but there's thankfully people are
gonna pull us out the road oh oh oh okay
they raid it whoa that car gonna get
stuck I'm just saying okay anyway what
is he thinking you're gonna get stuck
now I was gonna get stuck like a heavy
mob maybe he knows okay he's going
through the slow route dad's gonna get
stuck
why is he doing does he know he's gonna
get stuck I'm not even sure can anyone
even tow him out that's how big E is
what he's better anyways guys that is
gonna be the end of this segment of the
vlog Linden's gonna go with this car
show you not going to see him anymore
peace out for this section I'll continue
the vlog in the carpet see you soon
Linda bye
my sister enjoyed herself more than me
yes I wanna come back again again again
to be honest we didn't take our car to
the Sun because basically we were scared
yeah we've actually never taken this car
and I know you have to deflate the tires
we got stuck over there because Linda
was like you know what let's not deflate
it because we're just gonna go somewhere
quick and we end up getting stuck a
little bit but thankfully people were
there to push the car down for us but
yeah it's going so awesome desert life
thumbs up okay let's go you ready to
drive yes
we're doing ready hey I know
oh I can only mean one thing I know it
not my lovely I can only mean one thing
and you used to call me I don't like the
revenge
well that was an eventful day wasn't it
going we don't want you in the family
no way go away 2016 mere mommy mode for
life
Lana have a situation Eddie Oh anyways
guys we did enjoy today's log hit the
like button I'm gonna try and set up
something with me Linden and Lana to go
for like some desert safari type of
thing I think I'll be super fun for the
vlogs and yeah yeah she's still drowsy
she ate so much that she feels so drowsy
like oh I oh I hate so long I thought I
need to sleep on that food yeah just
like she had the audacity to say I want
more dessert she ate so much out there
were you doing oh you weren't that's
label tool and you're cleaning the
screen and anyways guys I hope you did
enjoy today it was a nice relaxed day I
think it was a great way with the honey
this is pure on you
from was like pure yeah definitely funny
you do just with bread or walk now
that's a fine song that's disgusting
isn't that sweet okay you're super weird
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another vlog hopefully you guys did make
it to the end if you did make it to the
end
type in swagalicious in the comment
section and I'll try and reply to you
peace my delicious
this is the word I made up boy
