hello everybody and welcome to another
vlog so I didn't promise you guys today
I'd be a bit more prepared I'm not I'm
really not side just asked on snapchat
if you can see there's like 25
notifications on there and you guys are
trying to help me out with where I
should go to there oh it's off you guys
yo everybody I have no idea where I'm
going so there you go not too sure can
you see that there you go loads of snaps
coming in so I'm just going to keep
reading them I found one super funny I
was like guys where should I go in the
guy wrote to me younger Yolo Island brah
imagine if there's a thing that would be
like the all-service place ever
okay I just go on saying to buy more
laughs I'm gonna be completely honest
with you we have no idea where we're
going so I saw this event online it's
some racing event horse racing
apparently it's going on today at like
six seven o'clock I let me drive so I'm
just gonna head out that way hopefully
we can go and make it for like something
Sora horse racing I've never been before
to be completely honest with you except
them stop talking over me okay let's
just go open him you're a kid I'm gonna
take the camera down now peace yeah so
he just made it - all made on racing
course over that's like this huge
stadium thing I've never been here
before and I have no idea what's going
on I just saw this off the internet but
if you can see behind you're gonna give
your zoom shot there is a beautiful
bridge right there that loads are
youtubers go - I never knew is here look
at it it's like this blue glowing bridge
accounting the view zoom office so you
can kind of see it better
Wow check that out
bear in your mind we have no tickets or
nothing we have no idea what's going on
we just came here there's huge crowds of
people standing outside which doesn't
seem like a good shot for us to go in
I'm not even sure we have to go ask now
this could potentially be a huge fail
guys I have no idea where this is we're
trying to make it to that bridge okay
we're just luck
2 2 2 up up okay
I have no idea where we're going we're
trying to go to that bridge in just a
bit of filming and this was the only way
I think you can get up so wish us luck
is it the breach no way that is so cool
oh my god sure look at the camera look
at look at how it looks it's sunset wow
this is the way from the cars how do
cars come here
they just told us that's the lift that's
all I know again I'm gonna look down
let's see how do you come here with a
car highly made it we finally actually
made it Wow this is the famous bridge
refining onto it I'm actually unsure how
you get here with a car so hopefully if
I figure out one day we can bring the
car here it looks amazing and it's so
empty I'm speechless I really am
speechless it looks gorgeous my mom is
still scared um she's not coming on the
bridge oh he's like no more look there's
no one here
but the guy told us we can come here hey
what's the big scared she's scared
because it's an empty bridge and she
just thinks it's gonna suddenly open up
or something okay come take a take a
little thumbnail shot with me anyways
guys we're gonna leave the bridge for
now it was awesome seeing it apparently
there's been in loads of movies and it's
like a famous bridge I see everybody
coming here but Wow
do you ask now how do we go to that
bridge I write where there's an elevator
over there it's like let's try it let's
try our luck that was a super awesome
sightseeing journey now we're just going
to go inside and hopefully I'm not even
sure how it works here I think you can
actually go in for free so we'll have to
see okay so he's finally made it to the
right part I think in half an hour race
should start here there is loads and
loads of people in the crowd look at
that wow these are legit or just full of
people
anyways I'm gonna stick around because
the race is starting half an hour I
think you can go somewhere higher to go
to a restaurant I have no idea what's
gonna go on so I'm gonna stick around
here because there's no time the closest
base to record the horses so hopefully
it should be good a race is about to
start
five tonight but I have to say he
doesn't looking really good Nick just
having yourself final few preparations
before he goes out to take his chance in
the race if you fill in these forms you
can actually win money okay my bullets
going on number nine but I'm actually
not gonna fill this in okay race is
about start after the case and they're
up the way the post of the night rich
Moore was last to the starting stalls
 I was pretty cool we just watched
our first ever horse race I'm gonna head
off somewhere else now
I was just cool to see it for once
that's all I wanted to do and I came
here and yeah it was pretty good the yo
there's two of these here
I've only ever seen one at max and now
there's two together
I've never been this close up to an
empty one that's on look at the interior
these are pretty funky cars
Wow Just My Luck as soon as I came they
were going
came by downtown
the war show is going on
okay we're heading off home because we
were super nice we got my sister her I
cool it rubbish but she loves it it's
called a headed man it's like these
green things and that you've seen it
before in the blog
it's like beams and they put chilli
sauce I think it's like awful but she
loves it too bit so I think it's like
that love-hate type of thing some people
love it I hate it so I wanted to talk to
you guys a little bit on the vlog now my
eye hurts so bad I was on the computer
and I don't know I think I just stayed
on it way too much sauce iYou know what
enough editing for now let me talk to
the vlog so as you guys may have known
from my last week's vlog I was talking
about getting a car from a company than
giving it to me me hearing them a shout
out
etc etc and one of my friends actually
told me to do this on skype so he was
like no you were talking about it so
much on the vlog and then suddenly I
don't hear anything so being completely
honest I just haven't gotten anything
back from them like no calls it may be
due to the fact that this week is the
it's off like everyone's really closed
down because the you a national day the
UN actual Flag Day and they just had
generally take a week off and the lady
at the place even did tell me that
they're going to be super busy not just
due to the you a national day but also
because there was the foreman of one
event going on and generally around
events like that companies are going to
get fully booked out so that's why I
never really mentioned it in the vlog so
I guess to me it didn't seem like an
issue but I can kind of see how he told
me I was leaving you guys in the dark so
hopefully that kind of opened up why I
don't talk about it whenever like
youtubers and like something else
externally like have like a deal I guess
most of them don't talk about it I
wanted to share with you guys and I can
kind of see now why some people just
decide not to say anything until
something's finalized because then
you're just going to be sitting there
looking like an idiot if nothing happens
now hopefully that makes you guys more
understanding about what's going on I
guess I'll just wait and whenever
something does happen I'll just do that
you know I mean
just make him vlog about it and just not
kind of hype it up beforehand because
then I'll just be left like this anyways
my eye hurts really badly at the moment
I'm just gonna rest it by sitting down
on the couch or sleeping over there
until it's good to go for editing if you
can't already tell I'm super tired it's
like half no.10 past 2:00 in the morning
I'm going to go to bed now sitting doing
a bit of editing we put out this tent
over here and these guys have been going
crazy like they think it's a new toy
even though all we've done is move their
tent into the middle of the reaming room
so they seem to love it I'm going to
wrap up today's vlog here we had a
smaller wood adventure like we found
that cool bridge I never expected to
like see it because I never knew where
it was and I wasn't do and then
because we went to that horse place and
I was like yo that's the bridge and we
did manage to go on it so that was epic
if you did enjoy the blog regardless I'm
sorry I sounds super tired I just want
to go to bed right now smash like button
and I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another one as always yeah leo No
