yoyoyo ever welcome to another vlog I
swear there's two things I just noticed
number one this shirt is way too small
for me I just pulled out the closet it
looks so bad now that we're all ugh and
secondly my hair is a mess it's so long
okay let's go outside whoa whoa whoa
kitty is also out nowadays look at her
she runs as soon as you walk up to her
outside okay
this shirt is much better than the last
one I was wearing and there's a reason
I'm wearing a long-sleeve basically
Linden's coming over right now and we're
gonna go over to some mountain place
that's what he told me and he said it's
going to be cold so wear something warm
and they say the only thing I'm bringing
no I'm bringing a jacket and you're
probably wondering damn all of that no
that ain't even it I'm bringing another
jacket I need to be fully wrapped up
because no I'm not getting another cone
again I swear it's so annoying so
Linda's outside you're probably
wondering what the hell are you doing
more wearing every jacket and a scarf in
a sunny country I just want to see
Linden's reaction I'm gonna bring this
back inside but I think he's outside
right now I said he'll be here in two
minutes
he's kind assumed that's his car okay I
told him seemed I don't want to see me
okay I don't know if you saw my face
let's see let's see if he says anything
he's on the phone right now we're
learning to let me try and wait until
he's off the phone what's wrong that's
extreme
really I joke I joke I just orders to
rank you i Liu ji say I'm gonna put this
back inside yeah this yeah I should
bring the scarf it's not even mine I
can't put the racket I don't think is
gonna be that cold
whoa all right I got all my jackets off
now that was so so hot even for a second
leggo we are actually not going to go to
the mines and basically we are Linden
came to the conclusion that if you can
see there the Sun is coming down right
now and by the time we make it to this
place it's going to be pitch-black and
you're not going to enjoy the view so
instead we're going to try to go
parachuting or some sort of parachute
right yeah it's like the pursuit let's
get to the boat and it pulls you okay
hopefully you take your time for that
that's it where is that sorry charger
okay that's like a city away but it's
kind of that closes at my time as well
so if I come pick that up
oh yeah we're really running short at
Linden is actually not going to be in
many more vlogs
now the reason is
I don't have enough to pay for rent a
friend anymore it was really obvious I
know a lot of you mentioned it and yes I
did rent linden flavor a thousand
dollars per hour like I'm a very good
friend I act like it I'm very good at it
I promise you I'm not rent to friending
Li but I don't even know what that is is
actually a service like that he's just
saying that but he should actually pay
me a bail of a movie and I say linen is
a gold digger
I can't believe it
there's actually a website could rent a
friend and you could rent a friend and
I'm on it ha ha ha ha I think I might
open myself an account might as well I
can get paid to be someone's friend like
pretty easy as you can yeah like as you
can see this is a rent a friend review
so I rented linden for about 5 days
already
it's crossing around $5,000 and we've
had a good time yeah so for the cheap
price of $2,000 per hour I might put
myself a renter friend but yeah that is
no seriously on a serious note guys
what the hell is his problem because it
was this close for a fight to happen
like some people behind us like me
shouting shouting out the car like ours
is this close like it happened and
automated another thing is looking at
the Queen of England Sonia I mean you
can just come right at the end to the
last man push him changing the pants
complete road rage - Lyndon actually has
road rage eyes I'm not joking
or like he has road rage I just today
like the guy who took as a K for example
if you want to overtake someone don't
overtake me in the police no no he was
dope he was a plonker
a bunker road rager bass fast lane is
the slow lane what I mean yeah on the
fast lane you do your overtaking on a
you move back to the slow lane this guy
oh he wasn't having that I was on the
fast lane you know someone in front of
me he came screaming past me cut me off
like glue centimeters that no I wasn't
having that I was like oh I overtook him
again are they and I'm like great in
front of him so I haven't that nor me
you better slow down
the way you look at mush
yourself yo back in the desert boys I
reckon the desert shit
hey no really I just wanted to put this
on yes
seriously guys is coded to by right now
now we're gonna go somewhere where they
sell airsoft rifles now in my head I was
thinking them type of rifles you know
when he has a kid
yeah but he told me these are actually
quite expensive and they hurt now I can
tell them the story about your airsoft
rifle well I did a lot of upgrades on my
ass all right he spent a lot on his like
they don't want to say how much but it
was a lot yeah I changed the gears I a
lot basically and people didn't want to
play with me bleh it would hurt that
much when I shoot them they were scared
of me and I said actually Dre would like
me walking going out oh hell no hell no
they all that want to be on my team so
badly glad I wouldn't shoot them like
that's is saying we're here I don't know
if you can hear that over there there's
people with air rifle paintball guns
shooting and that's like one of the maps
they have yo no yeah yeah
no the UK man here they've also banned
it no swag ways this is a which ones are
soft that ones is that the machine guns
you're talking about
yeah I love coming to these type of
places so we're going to take a look at
some of the pistols let me see that one
that actually looks really nice
that's mm yeah okay
not bad gasps yeah can I do that yeah
okay it's not loaded I hope don't give
me a loaded gun imagine should I do it
no no but this has a really nice
designer all right thank you so much can
I see the a key so would like a magazine
go in there yeah with what like how the
bullets like plastic plastic bullets can
I see me yes because we are this is this
stronger than air rifle
the upper number the spring air rifle
it's strong okay this one definitely
looks nice in there I feel looks like a
real gun yeah
are you allowed to hold these in the
street see this mamasan myself
yeah it looks like a real gun oh my
goodness
this place is actually really hardcore
man they have everything I'm so happy
you like look at this they've got these
vests and he told me like these are
really powerful so you needed to have
these there's loads you're gonna be
saying I'll just st. real guns more I
know I understand that but I just like
anything like this they're all so cool
so this on the other hand guys is a
paintball gun you can see it's got like
that little tube on it it looks really
different to a real guy look at this
alright well that was a quick little
visit just met the Eagles gone just met
you at one of you guys we need a license
damn it I have a license but Linden find
me a gun and sneak it to me by me again
no not the forest not the forest we've
come over to Linden's and there's
actually a reason and I know this sounds
bad I'm kind of ashamed to say the
reasons you guys so please buy my Jeep
but he lived and we're having a
discussion in the car now I'm not sure
at this moment if it would be smart for
me to go for a brand new car and I love
getting obviously everyone would love to
have a brand new car you know I mean
because then you know it's only you
driven it but if it would be smart to
get a used car and the reason is because
obviously you would the same price you
could get a more expensive car but then
because it's used it's to your price
range so I'm not sure if we could get a
really good I don't know like a Nissan
GTR imagine like but there's only one
problem I'm having
now that's why I wanted maybe you guys
can have like a bit of input for us now
when you buy used cars you can even get
really good used car or a really bad you
scar so some of them you're just gonna
run into someone that genuinely wants to
sell their car and there's a lot of them
but there's also occasions where you're
gonna run into someone that's got a
messed-up car and is selling it bad
won't tell you you know I mean it just
happens everywhere in the world so I
don't want this vlog to seem like I'm
trying to prolong me buying a car in any
way because regardless of if I am going
for the Mustang which I was planning on
initially going I told you dis in
yesterday's vlog I have to wait anyways
for two or three weeks Linton has been
going through a lot discards and
whoopsies you guys always now Adobe what
I'm saying is it's Linden is actually a
really nice guy he tries to apply it as
many as you I really want to try to
apply to it every single one but I will
say this I've been hearing a lot of you
been asking things like to him to ask to
me realistically a lot of them have been
shoutouts and stuff to do a shouts guys
I don't really do shoutouts for one guy
Kamel game greedy though I don't think
greedy um plus if I don't reply them
don't think I'm being rude anything like
I will eventually eventually yeah I get
a lot of it I am getting on a lot a lot
of messages we've been super tired and
Linden's room searching for cars and
Linden's kind of realizes that you know
what more I can't take you anymore you
just need to hurry up and get anything
come on stresses you guys look at it
coming look I'm so picky money
like you have to choose well you know
I'm conscious like go I'll get off it's
like this more it up okay why are you
revving Linda now he's gonna wanna race
just sudden take the leap of faith I
think if you're again okay trying to
lean for ya you see you see it wasn't
that bad it wasn't that bad
okay anyway the charge is basically
running low you want to try again
was it that bad yeah that's right that's
what it is every time like someone's
need to it yeah yeah you see doc don't
go after will dunk off the wall okay
just jump back yeah
jump back that's it that's just that's
how I did it
check what we have over here guys a
Mustang daily racer boys on I got a hair
they can see it yeah
yo it looks looks cool right that look
pretty good on the leg so that I can
trust
yo Linda chose a song you smart you
intelligent Illinois you know she's like
I forgot my driving say my name so so
here's back with us so I sprayed a
really cool building over there I'm
going to turn the camera and there's a
palm tree in the middle of the building
you'll see why me do you see that guy's
in the middle of that building there's
actually a poncho and a zoom out so you
can kind of see how it looks like that
is mad apparently it's really famous for
that tree so hopefully it stays there
for a long time
anyways guys it's at night now and
England's gonna sign out yes a drag all
the way yeah I know is it yours is
actually like half an hour 40 minutes
away no no like 20 okay so it guys when
it comes to dry I swear like I always
feel like something's more than is
anyways future in the book too here hit
the like button I am going to continue
though because I need to take out the
dinosaurs out there war actually come on
regardless let me show you how big
they've become I saw that's it I'm not
leaving them in there anymore look at it
they are huge like when they started
they're like that much now they're like
tripled in length and stuff but yeah I'm
going to empty that out for now say
goodbye to Linden hi and yeah
Tata and what of empty the war in this I
swear this has been like two or three
weeks since I buy charts onto you there
you're so heavy okay look at the color
of that water it's like a yellow look at
the earnings yeah I know look at this
though it looks so like weird and gooey
gotta stop the toys in their zone all
right yeah I don't want to touch it cuz
this feels so disgusting
I'm actually really curious I don't know
if it's gonna start deflating look at it
it's actually really big and gooey maybe
I can wash to go off do you reckon
bucket upside the Sun watch the clock
it's actually washing up I think bubbles
what's up moles
remember that was your bitch oh wow
it doesn't shoot oh cheese what's wrong
I'm sorry home fish yep um use one of
your hands to feel it feel it
tell them what you think it feels like
it feels like slimy you know a slime
feels like the cat is so like flexing
once is so cool on kitty hates it
kitty completely hates it hey thank you
to the person that sent these again like
they're pretty cool I I never thought
something would grow so big on something
so small like or that big when I first
got them and look at them now the only
thing is I'm not sure if they're gonna
shrink so if they do shrink back
tomorrow I'll let you know I think it's
awesome anyways who cares I'm going to
write on today's vlog here hopefully you
guys have an amazing 2016 and happy New
Year to you all if you did have a good
New Year's night hit the like button for
me it's going to be tomorrow night
we have nothing kind so far so oh fuck
anyways I'll see you guys there yo-yo
goodbye
