voila voila good morning good morning
are you good bro you look like a mess
yeah welcome back to another vlog
everybody how are you doing
rise and shine I'm actually starting off
today's vlog it's already like 4 o'clock
and yeah this is this is what's
happening right now anyways let's get
the day started guys I know it's already
kind of late but let's go and do
something man our voice so right now you
are in for a special video so here's the
thing guys yesterday when renamed bin
baz came to our house we decided to pull
off a robbery prank on them we decided
to get russians friends to break into
the house with a gun and pretend like
they were robbing us so here you go guys
enjoy the robbery prank ok check check
is this good is this good
because of you I swear he start did you
believe it
did you believe it was their first time
coming here anyways that was the prank
we pulled off yesterday absolutely
insane you're listening that was the
craziest thing we've ever done and this
gun actually looks real look at it say
imagine somebody pointed this gonna just
tonight you guys know what was going
through my head when Rene grabbed her
phone back I'm not sure if you guys saw
that yo cut the prank here cut the prank
here because I honestly thought there
was gonna be a fight like she was like
give me my phone back
yeah shit y'all listen guys you see some
girls they just they don't care she had
a garden she had a gun pointed IRA but
she she wanted her phone back no matter
what she say shoot me imma get my phone
back right now anyways let's continue
let's have some more fun today
with you to write up me in the family of
quickly heading over to the bowl it's
literally been two weeks since I've been
to a bull guys oh yeah yeah she kind of
feels good four months ago I'm gonna get
run over bro bro it's turning to one
lane top before we head to the mall I'm
actually gonna go pick up my Ferrari
right now
it actually has my plate number on it
now yes yes guys finally my car is
drivable but you take a little 637 you
know what that number means yep do 6
times 3 what you get 18 18 - 7-eleven
1/1 you're left with 1 broke I could
make you do the same thing by just
making some numbers hey chill chill
chill
oh my bro what is up with the course are
you trying to kill us I said right now
he clearly came to pick up my Ferrari
guys and check it out
that is my car okay basically guys what
happened this is this anything amazingly
guys I forgot to tell them to put my
three digit plate number on it so they
went and registered as a new car so they
literally just printed out a random
plate number but tomorrow I'm gonna come
and get that fixed
so yeah
anyways right now I create least stop by
deals on wheels but there's a special
car over there guys look at this so they
have a Bugatti over here and it's
actually wrapped in the flag colors this
is literally a Dubai Bugatti because it
has the colors of the UAE flag down
basically recently it was the UAE
national day guys Dubai is officially 46
years old
and yours but now we are heading out
guys let's go let's go
I just saw it quickly show you the
Bugatti they have they literally have
four Bugattis at the shore of right now
for a row they got the yellow one the
black one this one and like him right
this like Bugatti or Bugatti right now
so yo we small right now we felt
something really cool check this out
guys oh my god oh these are 3d cards
this is for all of the couples out there
this is what you give your wife okay
don't even buy them a ring just buy them
a car dude this is the cheapest way to
propose to everybody in the world
I got you gift more you got me you know
you wanted a new ride you got be a jeep
we found something even cooler a
crazy-looking mosque
it's paper you know it's actually made
of paper look a craziest mosque I've
ever seen I don't know how much that is
but it's definitely the coolest thing
I've seen and it's made out of paper yo
yo you know how you love Harry Potter I
found the coolest Harry Potter thing
ever guys so it's like a little padlock
and when you open it check this out Oh
what the memory book
that is awesome is it actually barking
at this song so we are finally home
right now and it is time to eat poo
a while back I actually bought a massive
gummy poo yeah yeah so right now me and
my sister are gonna unbox this this
piece ish we're gonna unbox this and
let's see how poop emoji tastes
oh my god yeah yeah yeah this is insane
so this is the poop emoji are you ready
I'm gonna go first
they're actually really nice
I know right yeah yeah have a bite oh
yeah right it's like oh no this actually
is really nice so very much when I was
in London I actually bought this and
this is the coolest thing ever it's like
actually you heard Wow
but yeah as always I'm a wrap up today's
video here if you have enjoyed make sure
to subscribe click that little
notification bell because I don't know
what it does but I'm pretty sure it's
something cool so you better press that
button too and yeah as always I'll see
you guys tomorrow yeah leo
