yoyoyo everybody and welcome to another
vlog so first of all I want to say I
hope you guys had a good Christmas if
you're somebody who celebrates it it
should have been two days ago for you
guys but it's actually Christmas right
now as of the time I'm making this vlog
so basically today I'm going to be going
to Linden's house because I think they
have like a small little Christmas party
type of thing I'm going with my family
there just to chill out look at this I
don't have a Christmas hat so I'm gonna
cut sponge drops off so I can wear it
there okay I'm kidding I would not do
that to sponge oh do you guys believe I
was gonna do that look at him I wouldn't
take his hat okay seriously though I
think I might be taking monopoly over to
linens like I just saw under the table
now as I alway a second I haven't played
this in such a long time oh my god tell
me if this brings back memories guys if
I'm showing you in the vlog okay I think
I might be I'm gonna text them saying yo
you guys are wanna play Monopoly should
I bring it I don't think it would be
Christmas if I didn't give Kitty a small
gift so she's gonna get a spongebob
let's see your reaction to a kitty what
she does she doesn't want a gift okay
you have to take the gift it's rude what
their help
look why don't you know what my gift it
says it's a nice Christmas spongebob
anyways my mom is finally ready look at
oh oh is that swagalicious mom emo
yo yo what is this okay so let's run
through your outfit she got that you
know you know what what is this oh okay
okay you got that you know that that
good good stuff that rappers wear or
let's go down to the risk it oh okay
okay let's just yeah I'll back down man
where you got something on your wrist
and it's glistening
check outside the guys Santa where's my
present which one's mine is ah before we
head off to Linden's we're just going to
grab a cake because we think now be
something nice to get which one do you
want the pink or the brown I don't know
hi is this strawberry and this is
chocolate we actually went for this
white frost cake because it has some
really cool decoration I don't know that
looks much nicer I thought these were
cool but I didn't know if it look like I
know Santa tell me there
this road is always spooky to me I look
at it it looks like it's gonna go into
the middle of the jungle or like some
are really spooky and then it just leads
to another like really popular road you
just come out I want you guys to pay
attention to what I'm about to show you
it's these robots waving red flags okay
that's a robot you see you see that one
it's robots I said I so spooky we find
him out with celebrity Lyndon again and
then you guys rambling loving you in the
vlogs I woke up like this
here is my Christmas tree as you can see
filled with like hundreds of gifts or
all for me obviously now that's pretty
cool Linda and I'm gonna have like a
huge did you put it did you put it up me
Wow how long did it take like a day five
days a week no two hours
godless oh no no no bring Tracy I'll
show you you actually do are you just
like bluffing it okay let's let's see
like an emotional professional always I
say sing the song like actual song
is it just me I have no idea no so guys
this is a typical Christmas here at the
MOBOTIX youtube channel I think it's the
first one I put up right it's in Sam's
the first Christmas Liefeld thing okay
this is my new Christmas guys this is
Canada right it is check this out Lyndon
has hooked me up with the best snack so
we've got our product hotel we've got
the strike these are the awesome multi
dad isn't ha does that sound cool tell
me do you guys like prawn and cocteau
you know I have some friends that
completely hate it I love I love it like
tube it's like my favorite absolute look
at how my dog Bruno begs the go he just
sit you sit
Oh Bruno
ah ah up Bruno lay yeah I did that guys
that is up let me try and do that Bruno
Bruno sit sit Lynden also has an
aquarium inside his house
this is Billy the orange guy that is
Patty and Bobby so I forgot the names I
just said Billy patty Bobby something
like that right and then them - they're
just unknowns because you can barely see
them do you not have any names for them
I don't know their names do they have
like a role in the fish tank because I
usually sometimes like oh this one's
worse and they lock I think this woman
to clean the maintenance surface okay
that that one that's barely moving here
what's the guy in the background she
just hiding
you look so shook on the other fish sake
selfie maybe the camera dog it was the
kids yes I like blowing into my ear here
let's do a Q&A Bruno
do you like the vlog Della's Madrid
Bruno this yeah just turn away oh he
likes don't be held like a baby likes to
be treated like a baby literally oh my
mom literally treats him like a baby
this is the way it looks up at you he's
like this is my spot this is my spot I
can't tell you enough they don't want
you to have pizza they don't want you to
have don't listen to the haters just
keep on doing your thing and Linda
reward your pizza
I'm a very good chef as you can see as
you can see Lyndon made that specially
himself handmade Oreos and everything
are you going to share the recipe online
or it's a secret type of thing it's a
secure I'm sorry guys we caught sherry
as if one cake wasn't enough guys
double trouble with the Christmas cakes
oh my god you eventually become
successful then kinda dead noises this
is gonna Connexus no it's good that's
great
yeah Linden
he has fed us good thank you so much
nice he just made him a cake oh my god
ma'am
this is what it looks like to have two
of the same watch next to each other
okay can you guys tell the difference
these are two different watches tell the
difference in the comment section if you
can't spot it okay it's kind of like
obvious you're holding I'm holding mine
I love having like more one thing in the
same spot you know I mean ya know it's
like you know it's not that for example
two of the same car art next to each
other you think it looks cool well I
took the same thing this house is you
know what okay what one term under
should follow didn't you probably reply
to you much quicker than I don't
with wicker I'm sleeping don't get mad
at him I've heard stories an Abilene a
lot tighter people a common to think
celebrities Liberty I don't favor
celebrity Linda
my house is still empty i machine it
like yeah I show you guys look at
Linda's house like it so it's so warm
you know I mean it might not seem so oh
don't want to see a photo of you as a
kid this is throwback Lindon that
actually does not look like you I know I
look very Asian there you look yeah
really different
yo sneaky and only a mo blogs if that
went to Jumeirah me school that was me
I heard me it's the season to be jolly
lalala Linden is taking us through his
special cigar collection that pop noise
that pop noise well there's not much
left of it but so in each of them things
as a cigar yeah see I don't know how a
cigar hey looks like so I don't like
what I don't smoke it's just like a deck
or thingy election oh okay is that I
know it's Cuban that's the only thing I
know when it comes to see Oz I think
would like to average it escaped on the
Philippines oh damn
but you meant to like keep the
temperatures under certain okay I'm
going to keep it hydrated basically
that's what society is so like it looks
like it'd be like a very expensive per
cigar so just keep it in that box
I don't want an expensive actually by
the way the how to spot the village in a
fake and a real one the ticking motion
no knows that but like the way I've
noticed it okay as you can see guys on
the side of here
I should being crested like real xoxoxo
all on the side can you see it no I mean
a silver you see on silver on the
outside inside inside on the silver part
when it goes round over than to face oh
you see where it says Rolex
it really looks I can't see in looking
log I can see on my eyes you know I've
got your anyway guys inside here on that
silver lining goes around there should
say Rolex Rolex relational it really
okay most models I think okay if it
doesn't in it we're we're hashtag fake
watch Buster here let me know if any of
you got a roadie for Christmas basically
we did like a mini review we did a mini
review of Linden's Rolex submarine I'm
saying to write the name wrong I'm
really sorry like I know there's gonna
be like a watch expert there saying to
submarine two point zero five five but
yeah looks dope I want to go back to you
before I die I break like a watch that's
more than my whole collection times 10
well yeah that was awesome man like we
did a mini rolling your view and he
shared a secret that's so if you see
your boy comes up to you saying I've got
a rolly and it doesn't say the Rolex on
the inside just be like why the hell you
lie I feel so bad at this all night
actually I said Jack you know one and it
doesn't have it anyways guys I'm gonna
wrap I'm gonna head off home we had an
amazing day with Linden Christmas with
the Linden's the liquid Dylan this is
first-name basis thanks a lot man
appreciate it
the blogs I think you guys like for
Linden one like even is one more lizard
in the vlog and yeah we see you guys
later peace
yeah I'm so so tired I just made it home
I think he can smell prune oh look at
her she's smelling me she never does
this I promise it was only a one it was
a one-time thing I love you guys more
than Bruno please forgive me she's like
no no I won't forgive you
anyways I'm going to wrap up today's
vlog here today it's been like a much
calmer vlog I don't think we need too
much outdoors but like these type of
days I personally enjoy them more just
it's more personal just hanging out with
friends anyways if you did as always
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog yo-yo squad and yet for now it's
been mo jolly ole oh boy
