yo yo yo everybody welcome to another
vlog you guys are cool back in the
fridge again what are you doing anyways
I'm going to go somewhere really cool
today which is going to be like
trampolining but before I go I'm
starting my new diet they don't want us
to be healthy mo they don't want us to
get them six-pack ABS so let's start
trying to go on some new regime type of
stuff you have to juice every single
part of this orange you don't want to
we're getting all the nutrition out
there you see what I mean you have every
single bit they don't want you to be
healthy look at this we have four
completely annihilated oranges all that
nutrition is going into my mouth this is
to be extra smooth okay look look at
this I'm taking all the precautions to
have the perfect orange juice I know you
guys are going to do this right after
you watch this nutrition is everything
look at that oh my god we have that pure
orange juice this final step this is
going to be for the bosses only so this
is the key to your success you need some
ice you have to have some ice so let's
just go ahead and pour it okay there you
go that should be enough and now all we
do is just you know lock it in and then
put this on come on we can do it
let's say a big cheers to this drink oh
yeah why's it look so like weird there
we go cheers everyone that tastes
amazing
so I'm actually meeting up with Lyndon
again today he's coming to this bounce
thing with me so let's go have some fun
and I hope you guys enjoy today
Christmas tunes back with Lyndon another
day this is a three-peat I think God
must be sick of me now no you're gonna
go to I think it's a place called
gravity it's like I told you guys it's
like a trampoline place I've never been
should be pretty fun let's go see if I
can do a backflip that's my main aim now
we're banging some tunes so be sure yeah
obviously we have to record the valet
because we're here
there's always superb cars at the valet
we have this beautiful
that's a wraith right yeah I think is a
wraith again we're in magic planet and
I'm super embarrassed because I think
I'm going to be the only like older
personal mature not let you see Africa
anyway
let's go so now we're trying to do a
bathroom let's see
this guy over here is going to teach us
how to do it show the blog how it's done
Oh
this guy does like good everything I
know so back Saigon during normal back
this I'm gonna do the deadliest one yeah
you jump off it you bounce of this and
you go to there I'm so bad at this I
ready
oh good
haha
Casey - Oh God
now what's good actually this is
a front minister
haha
do you lose your phone in there man
are you really okay
oh I'm not the best earning up to do
bouncing I hope I Drive my best
good one you know what you do you jump
from that side that side that side baby
not believe I can fly I believe I can
just ha ha ha ha it's it's hard I feel
like such a kid like ever all these kids
that like with a video camera
nothing pretty outside I am done
anything that is the end of bounce or
jumper by gravity okay I can really see
hope you enjoyed
it's a more to ever the jab it off
energy come check it out budget color
yeah
I leaned down and not point to Gabon
yes thank you so much we're actually
going to go to my house and Linda's
going to see Killian bubbles for the
first time a stripper a designer but
outside we have a McLaren and secondly
we have one of my favorite sports cars
the RA to realize that I was a Samba
with this - oh I think I think they want
to race I think the 100
Hey
range over power this is everybody okay
I woke up a that you forget it I better
just go towards that she goes yeah go
okay guys I'm following the Bugatti
oh it's going your bro man wait up
okay I'm fine
Oh guys look at the body there's a
Bugatti in front us yeah I got a god oh
it's just Linden's first time of seeing
the cats it's really it's really weird
he's ice kitty come say hi kitties come
say hi I'll be surprised if she lets you
come posed to her kitty doesn't like
people I'm just saying she doesn't like
anyone yeah kitty Kylie doesn't even
like me
come on kitty calm down cuz stay ok come
quick look boy oh so what the hell you
do they tried try to show that wouldn't
I'm not there see what she does when she
bites you can smell it on a fan because
I ran out of popsicle sticks you guys
may have known I ain't one of them I was
like let's make it one more time don't
worry it's not going to be as long as
the whole Nutella video I'm just going
to quickly make it and maybe for you
guys they don't watch it you can watch
again quickly run through how much you
need in proportions half a cup half a
cup 3/4 of a cup and whole cup anyways
we're going to put that in there blend
it up and then we're going to have some
Nutella popsicle sticks hi I just I love
this step
seems locked yeah you can lift it you
sure yeah should be good
I think that should be good do they see
that perfection oh hey oh yeah bubbles
isn't she happy about that
hopefully it freezes by the time you're
here so you can actually taste it how
people know how nice this is okay I love
how that's like just perfect yeah we're
going to put Linden on the spot right
here so if there's any code of Jeannie
players right now it's his first game
and I'll show you his score at the end
boom oh oh you had you should have had
it man you can measure interrupting oh
it's Linden's first time honest okay
make sure to hold on to the thing these
things are dangerous okay I'll hold it
I'll hold it for you guys
hold the Woolies I'll hold the wood okay
hey that it's cuz you're chewing your
leg a little back and forth just get on
it straight away and hold the wall hold
my hand and hold that wall on the other
hand this K G okay it just make the leap
of faith ah
Oh guys rednecks house and this is his
puppy Bruno oh that is okay this might
even be the thumbnail by my new dog my
new dog can I take you no cameras please
camera shy heart is so adorable can I
hold him yeah guys this is seriously
gonna be my new dog look at you
you smelly my ear I'm taking a selfie
with him he's my new dog oh that's so
adorable
howdy-ho I'll take you home right now
we're gonna Joanie go with me I don't
think you know that you know I enough he
doesn't even want like a ski is like
doesn't he so like 10,000 I'm coming and
I'm robbing Bruno are you guys is
adorable though desi guys 10,000 likes
I'm stealing now I'm coming I'm taking
it no one's gonna know
hashtag save Bruno 2006 oh yeah we're
gonna go have some chai you know tea
obviously we're meeting up with this
friend Babar in which he met Lester you
bet him last time he was like in the
background this time he might be more
more on the up for an answer hey witness
for me both of them here okay so it's
gonna be it's cool so we're back into
some sort of desert with Linda there's
already a deserts next to this beat
would you call this ocean sea whatever I
have no idea what's going on Bob's gonna
go with it we're trapped like kind of
reversing into the ocean
but what you need to hit like really
high speed to go up yeah nobody need to
find a place where it's not so bumpy oh
okay like really bumpy around here
okay the first time we go up we're gonna
get stuff we're gonna get suck what
stuff but then I just go up once then
come down you just just to make make a
make a okay this does not seem health
and safety yes also other path you know
what I mean okay as you can see by his
rear view we're like going into the
ocean basically it's really bumpy
hope
yeah sure
rolling listen men - I meant to just
make a packing I mean yeah no I wasn't
that they're not sad that blew up
this is way up here yeah see whoo good
job Linda
captain Linden to the rescue we came
here just for this amazing V as you can
see how you can have the whole city view
from up here you know we just stopped by
when Linden and so hey Dave is saying hi
to song there's our friends he's too
good for us like he knows everybody we
know we're just grabbing some snacks
like I was kind of hungry and we're
getting this thing for money chips yeah
like the money chips and then it's like
and then it's like umbrella and parade
we'll see what it is once we get it I've
never had this either it's my first time
as well and you know we're just getting
some snacks because to build up kind of
like peckish peckish is our preparation
Eisley the ordering place is right over
there what's up be ordering place is
right over there so earlier they
normally order we just see what VIP oh
really this is what the Omani chips
thing looks like it's inbred inside it
we have on money chips as you can see
and it's got like cheese in it okay I'm
gonna try it out and let you know what I
think anyways though money chips
actually tastes really good
it's not as like I know how to expand I
think tank is the word one here so it's
like really unique flavor to it you guys
like spicy stuff not spicy
I know it's nice it's nice try out super
spicy but it's not like yeah that spicy
scents like tangy niceness song is good
hope you guys enjoy till now I'll see
you guys out hope to wrap it up good
violence no I don't know it's very late
but Merry Christmas and yeah yeah I
think yeah it's gonna come out one day
after Christmas so guys well one daily
I'm sorry it's okay okay still sees
little greetings is it seasoned green
yeah like I'm the worst assignment P
soon it's currently like 12 o'clock boom
and I'm at the petrol station why so
late you're wondering not cuz the petrol
but my mom needed some like bread and
milk for tomorrow okay I think I need to
reverse let me see
singer sure
I just had a situation where two cars
were reversing at the same time nas
blocking them both and I didn't want to
make any of them hit me which was super
awkward okay I think I should stop
vlogging for a bit peace anyways guys
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog I feel so
bad that Lyndon didn't get to try and
not tell a popsicle sticks I made with
him I think it's frozen now yeah it
looks frozen anyways okay maybe next
time we could try it out he made it with
me and he wanted to try it so badly he
was like this actually tastes nice and I
was like yeah so he made it and yeah we
left before it could even freeze but if
you do enjoy today's go hit the like
button I think we're doing stuff that's
different for the blowin that bounce
thing that we went to or gravity whoa
that is so tiring I mean you saw me out
sweating my like lungs out freeze you
guys bye see you guys more with another
blog if you did enjoy as always you know
what to do subscribe if you're new
around here and I'll see you guys next
time
Yolo Yolo boy
