we are so happy yeah so happy
ah
yo yo yo everybody welcome to another
Friday listing vlog by the way if you're
new that's just the word I made up for
my intro but today I actually need to go
get a new camera or at least repair this
one so you're probably wondering mo
there's nothing wrong with that we can
see pretty good but basically the screen
this part which I'm pointing to there's
a little crack I think so I need a
scratch or a crack it's one of them
because whenever I point it in the
sunlight obviously there's no sunlight
now we're indoors it actually has like a
little black blob that goes somewhere
over here or somewhere over here on the
screen
obviously you can't see it now but it
does happen inside my videos and I find
it really really annoying so I need to
go get that sorted out as well as it has
loads of dust under the lens so when I
put in towards the Sun fully you just
get loads of white spots around the
screen anyways as you can tell by like
behind me outside it's pretty dark it is
actually dark
I started today's vlog super super late
because I messed up with one of my blogs
basically the vlog say like two hours
upload I was uploading it
I forgot my video was uploading I closed
my laptop
bail it failed so basically at upload
again like another one or two hours no 6
more minutes and I can finally leave
this house come on you can do it buddy
keep going laptop let's go out
oh geez yeah thing can be real front of
job you want to know what the best thing
is guys especially on an occasion where
you're stuck in traffic so as you can
see BAM there's loads of traffic but
what makes it even better I'll show you
I'll show you right now look at the
amount of petrol left in this car do you
guys see more vlogs pushing Range Rover
in the middle of the road this is going
viral on YouTube yeah that's why I'm
just understanding you from now if I'm
pushing the Range Rover in the street
the reason is that yeah we made it to
the petrol station yes we won't be stuck
in the road anymore finally however
saying that guys you see what it says we
had a hundred and eleven kilometers on
an empty tank just goes to show if you
aren't an empty tank on this car you
still have like a hundred kilometers to
go like damn that's a lot like I thought
we'd have like 23 but no 100 that's me
and my mom just got to the wall it was
so so busy I'm gonna use a tactic lived
and used this is for evidence okay I
park that p4b
chicken is protein guys so we came to
KFC
if you know
for me to start working out I needed a
protein and they don't want you to have
one of this KFC so we have to prove them
wrong
all right wow these are some tiny legs
look at that it's like a little baby leg
this is why means the lens doesn't open
properly okay I'm next to the cannon
store you can see it right here I'm
going to go check if they have any cells
upcoming because I want to see if I can
get like a better camera well initially
I wanted to go for another g7x for a
replacement but look at this one it
looks so cool and like it's got like
this huge wide-angle lens I'm going to
check out how much data
maybe I'll get that for a replacement
while this one's getting repaired
because I don't want to get the same one
price if you know I mean at least maybe
I can switch it up
my mum's playing around with this one
it's got like a really really wide angle
lens like look how close we are to it
okay with this camera this is how much
you can see from this distance with that
camera you can see our whole body and
everything so I was initially planning
on getting a camera but I knew basically
every January they have sales going on
in Dubai and I was like why not wait
because I want to get like a decent
camera I think I might even get this as
an extra when I come back on the 6th
it's got like a really cool wide-angle
lens and you can see everything when
you're vlogging so on the 6th I'm going
to be back because they've got all the
really cool cool cells and then
basically I can get myself some camera
equipment my mom needs to go get some
credit because if she doesn't get credit
she can't fool everybody my mother's
like you see the person at the middle
and every like conversation she controls
the conversation she calls like she's
the middle of the Mafia patchy is always
so tempting like okay if you don't know
what patchy is is this like really
elegant chocolate setting place this is
just a chocolate place I think and look
at the decorations they've done actually
don't tempt me
don't have any to buy more chocolate
look at the decorations damn man
my mom is having our paparazzi she's in
love with it whoa okay it's finally time
to go home it's actually so so packed in
the mall right now because I think
Christmas is like tomorrow or the day
after that I'm not even sure don't take
my word for it but today I met a load of
you guys in the more like sometimes I
meet the yo-yo squad which is you guys
and sometimes I don't mean you like I
have days where like I meet a load if
you die today I meant like I don't know
for a few guys and then some days I have
none but that is life is
how do you wanna so you know we got the
red lights boys and we got to
four-wheel-drive competitions next to us
they don't call me the red light
destroyer for no reason mommy mom they
don't call me the champ for no reason
see you later buddy
see ya okay let's stop now does up to
the speed in my promise oh boy not again
I did it back to back oh okay I don't
think they were happy about that they're
trying to get a head start
I see how it is okay don't worry don't
worry trying to get a head start
nobody destroys more vlogs okay get out
my way get out my way
oh yeah I did it back to back you saw
that you saw that oh yeah I think you
saw that either trying to get some
revenge kinda get some revenge it does
it it's too late okay it's too late
geometry again
now I've got home guys I want to run
through something with you so basically
you guys saw in the Canon sir I was
talking to you guys about a sailor now
the sail isn't a random sail I knew
about basically every year in Dubai they
have the DSF the Dubai cells festival or
something like that they have huge sales
going on like January around January
time so you did tell me it starts on the
6th of January and I kind of thought
about it because I was going to go in
within the next week to get my watch but
I think I'll just wait because they have
sales on everything and I mean
everything is on sales because and the
reason I think they have it then is
because like all the big events are done
like Christmas is over New Year's is
over and I guess because obviously
you're gonna have like less sales and
stuff why not promote it with having not
ourselves such an India I can't even
speak you're gonna have less people
buying stuff so you put sales you know I
mean guys okay that's why they don't do
it now because obviously Christmas and
New Year's times people are gonna be
buying loads of stuff so imagine adding
a sale on top of that it's just gonna go
for you look we have Toby securing the
Lamborghini at no cost to Lila and you
you'll go back into your position Toby
what the hell are you doing what the
hell is this type of sitting what how do
you do that ki her legs are up there
that what the hell I don't know she's
retarded or ways this is that
comfortable is that your God I'm legit
confused do you have like two retarded
cats in this house or do they know what
they're doing kitty look at me like what
what are you doing so guys you're
probably wondering worried more i
actually melt with lyndon again today oh
basically we're only gonna be with him
for like an hour he needs to go but he
was like mo I've got my spare time do
you want to go to the made on bridge and
I was like might as well you know what I
know I had some free time I was like
let's go so we're heading there now
we're gonna go Dakar so hopefully next
time I'll be with our cars or one of my
car while not running Michael you know
what I mean I don't get my loads a move
until you're lambda you don't have you
guys the hope next time we'll come with
maybe the Lambo
maybe the range who knows but for now
let's go and see what it's all about
it's gonna be pretty dope right leggo
the Mamadou that's a good word
coming to the mid-arm bridge again this
time we're gonna go on it with the car
it should be a pretty dope shot so we'll
see about that
yeah so you finally made it onto the
bridge with the car next time hopefully
I'll be using my car
that'd be a pretty dope shot our guys
wrecking like imagine having it like
right here where Linden's cars you know
I mean if we like so sick I don't know
why it's just so like weird maybe I need
to like fix on my camera next time cuz I
did drop it in the sand here and it
looks super foggy or it anyways I was
super super cool look at this shot ah
anyways guys that's pretty much all we
came to do today we came to calling this
bridge because to be honest it never
gets old does it an angel says so here
you ain't cool and yet dad look at look
at that I hope we could like have a root
I think that's the best shot you can get
right saying like that yeah it's just
cuz the neons like you know I mean guys
you can't really see it kind of wears it
out anyways let's go thumbs up to that
view I mean damn Sunday not far we go
it's a love you it's still of you I
let's let's kick it final goodbyes the
view also look at the vlog lighting it
gives you gives you that no I mean
they're really cool blue misty okay
let's go
driving past this view I've never done
that that's that's the first that's the
first rule of gun law guys Lyndon hooked
us up with a drive the start with a
drive on this bridge you know imagine we
had like Anna and the selfie stick out
of the window since we came all the way
here I thought we'd show you the actual
made on hotel so this is the made on
hotel behind me
it looks amazing look at this place
Wow they've got the horses representing
a racecourse and then the valet has
loads of nice cars including a Ferrari
over there but the hotel stands out I
mean I know the valet looks good but
look at that entrance I would not mind
staying there anyways we're going to get
headed because we have nothing to do
here okay Linden's completely too shy to
go by let's go hey fancy I got a Miss go
from yo Beach she wanna suck my dick in
a soulmate
so no like cause for the first man a man
oh yes I'm cold
honestly like you're a very good singer
as you're gonna see
because that we like you know them
contracts the million dollar trust me
were the best jewel in divine light was
gonna tell every where the hoist up guys
out here yamanami
they do know without to my I would I be
life things in the leadership I got this
song of you sir Larry - I just want to
trick you to my very young Abu Dhabi
young Abu Dhabi Abu down gavel album
Nigerian comes I have no comment down
below if you like Julian so they still
nice this next on this rebate here
dedicated Nigerian fans Joshua this is
for you
I'm Jackie I'm Frank do Georgia he's not
I don't think he's Nigeria but this is
for you Joshua
oh sure Kyrie Chris chats my homies back
in UK oh I know the song do you yeah no
you tell us where no one
alright guys we just got back from me
damn bridge Linden's dropping me off but
hopefully you like this like I know a
short clip but you know what it was
really clear definitely worth it
definitely worth that trip just really
bridge because it looks don't like
specially with a car like as you guys
okay these guys yeah I don't know
anyways guys I hope you did enjoy this
vlog regardless if you did you know what
to do
younger yolo guys goodbye
