good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog my shirt matches the car
today there really does you know why
does this look like a weapon
boom boom boom you ready boom go for it
he was already he wasn't ready anyways
the reason we're going out today is
because you guys have been going so ham
with the packages you guys have been
sending us that our post office keeps on
cooling up like your bro you got
packages come collect them man and again
today
oh wait yo you're you're spraying me
what's going on my boy how does this car
get so dirty so quickly you know someone
commented they're like oh why don't you
put the cover on anymore there's just
such a headache to put it on and off and
on and off so that's why we just keep
the cover off it no you missed the spot
there's something right there you ready
such a mess outside the car pull down
your pants why are you gonna pull down
your because you're washing the car
jokey it sounded really funny I forgot
to pull down my back oh yeah that's good
thank you really hot today again it's
been cold for a couple of days actually
I'm lying it's already been cold at
night it's been getting cold there so
yeah you don't know my love for this
song
I love this
let's go for a scary ride guys
red lights favorite place to be at when
we're gonna go for a scary ride this
isn't her my sister just like floored me
on the rain cover
by the
I think yes they are mentioned
yeah there are hair flies around the
face I know I mentioned yesterday I
might be getting like a card for a day
it might be happening up he bailing some
places and it might be working out so
hopefully let's see let's see I thought
make any promises yet
you have to put up the window because I
was like in their face that's why I like
never get high let's see it's in the lab
for compartment okay I found it
okay so today what I'm gonna do for you
guys in the description or if you always
want to know the music we listen to and
we never really put like a list so I'm
gonna have a small list of music in the
description and this is going to be one
of them that cracker dough
and you know Jen thanks overhead me with
you Center in bring the plastic all year
were expecting packages today you didn't
actually wash the car that good look
there's so much dust on it we're opening
up the pure box but I wanted to let you
guys know I get a load of emails like
every day every week asking what's your
pure box what's that another phone cover
damn man you guys have been going in
with the phone covers but if you guys
are wondering what my pure box is I
promise it's in the About section for
every video just click that button which
says show more right below that it says
show more and it's down there but I
might just move it to the top to make it
more convenient for you guys so do we
have any slips we need to pick up we've
got a couple of packets you guys are you
guys are starting to like me you guys
are starting to send me things yeah so
we did get a couple packages we got that
one there's a few in here but they're
just like letters I'm really excited to
see what that is
I don't know okay I think it says it's a
watch guys but don't take my word if it
is maybe someone sent me my first
rolling
this is my color we keep my pants that
help me
I just swallowed my life
I'm scared my hat's gonna fly out the
window oh yeah first on the red light
two of the professional races of divides
professional
I think we're certified now we should
get like a meadow
Oh
that's the booty bitche body another
part in the body with this EEG is our
electric tragedy of each other we do not
get be majestic and listen to the skies
here's ears open rahaga toggle okay
ready guys
yeah hope I'm alive okay hopefully you
didn't join the segment off the vlog I
haven't died up till now so if this gets
leaked onto YouTube song oh that was a
nice ride
it's not over until it physically all
violent
please keep me keep me strapped in stay
asleep help
right in front of you because I can't MP
is read by every team now is it still in
sports mode is it sounds louder when
you're reversing they're gonna go on our
tube what are you doing learn to park yo
my foot my foot was right there so today
we've come outside to do the mail time
I'm just gonna leave it in the vlog
because I don't know I think it suits
the blog so let's get started I've
picked out the first package let's see
what's inside it I hope I do if anything
ok don't worry I've got it I've got it
so it's the letter let's see what it
says to Luke wheeler I'm sorry I don't
understand Spanish okay let's try and do
something I don't know googling okay
sorry Luke wheeler I think the letters
written in Spanish and I don't
understand by appreciating it it looks
like it's something nice let's move on
we have to have the same package so I'm
guessing it's from the same person let's
just see what's inside
okay I am there from you and say I think
it's the same there is it the same layer
yeah it's the exact same there you have
a second peach oh I got two pages okay
this is yours
okay so this is yours both of them are
mine right to me so it must be yours
okay I think the person who said this
didn't know if their mail got here but
it's from the USA it says say hi to Lana
you make a good comedy team
alright person who said this said you'd
like you guys to check out his book
which is right here there you go my book
so check it out if you guys read it's
actually for you it's for me
alright this one is for me let's try and
not mess anything up on this one more
vlogs alright that's all so this is from
India I think we are too
married so they said more I think you're
too young for marriage
I completely agree good one I'm
definitely on your side okay so the
letter was from India I was from a guy
who'd 'mobile you had very nice messages
in there so I appreciate you a lot and I
do love this awesome cover now we're
moving on to a package I think I know
what's in here feels like a phone case
is everything okay this one's for me
let's let's see what's inside okay okay
it is a phone case I think it is a phone
case this is gonna be a reveal straight
from you guys are gonna see it first
okay let me see
I am a sh t oh wow okay Fame more plugs
on a Lamborghini I'm not sure if mummy
Mo's gonna take this or me I'm sorry I
was gonna hear it to my mom but this is
too nice
it's mine I'm sorry mom
thanks a lot ash deep it's really
amazing phone cover absolutely creative
love it so we're gonna move on to the
last thing it is a huge package I think
this is for my sister it says to Lana
Rose so she can have the opening to
herself I don't know let's see what's in
there I'm excited for this one a few
moments later
Oh Oh she goes but her birthday is
possible my model is coming up Bob
what's coming up yeah okay fine
Wow okay the packaging is actually
really nice we got two things in there
okay okay I'm still eating that I'm
happy with this I think this is also
oh my god I don't have any letter inside
it it didn't have an air inside it are
you sure
thank you so much thank you thanks a lot
to anyone that said that that is awesome
she got sweet hey show show they were
like a risking
wrist wrist games strong out here
they're like stones as you can see
they're so pretty
yo rich game's strong rain filete is
from reishi
thank you so much I was trying to read
the signature name so I didn't know but
thank you so much for each yeah
anyways that has been mail time with
most thank you for all your lovely gifts
I do love opening it and it just makes
the video so much more nice so if you
guys want to send anything the pure box
is always down there thank you to Shiraz
for that awesome thing you said my
sister I'm sorry bro I'm going to be
taking some that candy so with me
anyways that has been fan mail opening
in this vlog if you did enjoy me putting
it in the vlog instead of make you
separate video smash the like button and
let's move on with the day peace time to
pack up the mail and put it in my
mailbox as always so thank you everybody
and you ready to go outside leg off
can't even get past the doors it's just
such an idiot Wow
this is like that gun that you have like
you have to pull it so hard okay
okay peace up my sister has been having
a fit with me about these phone cases
cuz I was gonna get one of them to her
but she's like oh it's over and more
vlogs why is nobody gave me a longer
hose on no longer ROS case for you it's
a see-through look at my at the moment
this is the one I have the other one is
in my room and then this one's gonna go
in my room is one I'll just keep
swapping them out and then this is her
ugly okay I'm gonna wrap up the vlog
here today but before you leave I've
kind of got some exciting news so
basically tomorrow I have a meeting yes
I know that sounds really fancy right a
meeting and now this is in regards to
that day where I said I might get
Ferrari for a day I've got meeting with
this car rental company I'm not sure how
it's gonna go like I'll just have to see
tomorrow
so the meeting is tomorrow come back
let's see what happens tomorrow might
even be the day which I get a car I'm
not for a what car I just told you what
I want
let's see why I can get and how it works
out with them so I have to do a bit of
talking business emo has to go there
and yeah I'll just take it from there
anyways if you didn't enjoy today's vlog
and you join me telling you what's going
on smash the like button now see you
guys tomorrow maybe with the Ferrari who
knows yeah leo know
