yoyoyo everybody and welcome to another
vlog I literally had no idea how to
start today's vlog I'm currently heading
out to go watch a movie with one of my
friends
I think he's comfortable on the vlog so
you might be seeing a new face on the
vlog at this very moment we haven't
chosen what movie to pick and you guys
are probably screaming at me more it's
obvious go watch Star Wars I mean duh to
be honest I've never watched Star Wars I
know I'm gonna get loads of hate for
that but I might just go see it to see
how it is let's just start driving with
this I don't want to just like stand
oh oh oh jeez okay I'll see you on the
way the hairpieces so guys like finding
out my main video use one another and
we're watching the close range it's like
a gun movie license detected stuff we're
just going to grab some popcorn and
stuff like that and then go watch the
movie and after that I think we should
go have a little look at some watches
because I did tell you guys I was
planning on getting another watch
who else the Linden to help me search
for our watch because he he's kind of
good when it comes to swatches he's not
he's got like a let's all watch
comparison I've got that plain what
she's got the Rollie on you know he
beats you I've it so go around look at
some watches and then hopefully we'll
narrow it down to a couple you guys to
choose from we just finished watching
the movie it was actually yeah I never
say that about rubies but this one was
exceptionally long so we've come to the
first watch shop which is for Britain
I'm gonna have a look at something
watches they have here oh that is that's
dope look at that that's an Iron Man or
on it
oh yeah sorry how much is the Iron Man
watch the Iron Man 1 this woman's been
doing close number 21,000 okay
what do you have in between zero to six
thousand ohms yeah in between that range
just really nice these are organic time
to these arms at 4,800 okay Christmas
miracle
let me know how the ones I show you
today so at the one I think more like
two or three you've seen but this is the
final brand I want to show you Western
so that one that's really dope Linden
showed me that one I want in between my
fingers and also that one I really like
that black one if you can see it
okay I don't know how J's but it looks
like it's around a thousand issues you
know I mean okay let's move on to some
other shops but they have some pretty
dope watches here we're checking out
some watches in the Ferrari store the
one that you guys should pick between I
don't know which ones you prefer I like
this one so this is the ones that were
kind of choosing from right now okay
focus it's that one and that one they're
kind of similar this one's got like the
more classic you look and this ones were
like the more sports fan look but I also
kind of like these ones you know I mean
at you yeah the casual sports like how
much are these ones the two middle ones
thousand
1145 can I see these two out because I
couldn't barely see them under the
screen there so these are the more like
luxury these are 1900 film same ring
same region but between like 1.1 and 1
with 3 rows there with the black okay
Wow
I know which one would you prefer - I
can all see - I think this one looks
really nice this is okay so they're all
between like 1 to 1.5 ish yeah 1 1 okay
we're going to number these ones 1 to 5
of the Ferrari 1 2 3 4 5 so guys pick in
the comment section okay which one you
prefer our these baby lived are just
this going to go through every
single watch store there might be like
hundreds of watches for you guys the
pages leave a time in the comment
section of the what you want to try and
leave like a brand at the whole room
swatch and we're looking at some of the
boss watches I actually really love boss
watches but this one looks like my guess
one I have it looks exactly like it
Tommy
oh wow okay that one nice nice yeah well
I can't even seem to get on camera there
you go that one looks super super cool
the one in between my finger I don't
know why I feel like if we're good again
Ferrari watch you have to have like a
red and black combination don't you
reckon my
suits the brand they actually have more
Ferrari watches over here about actual
phone yeah they have more than the
action Ferrari storage it's kind of
funny but I know I quite like the ones
they had in the Ferrari store actually I
kind of prefer them don't you think I
want fun yeah I think wait we saw
something really similar to that right I
think yeah we did see something that
that one was in there oh okay they
didn't have the brown version of it next
stop for the watch hunt is the watch is
the corner let's see what they have in
you
so Linden's actually taking a look at a
watch right now let me see that that
looks really good how much is that one
by the way eight nine five okay so it's
it's actually very decent can I take a
look at this one that one looks like
your Rolex scanner I don't it doesn't
really look like you're on it let's
compare hey there we go folks it looks
really similar it's got like the strap
and everything how much is this one it's
a 1,000
I certify I seriously think I might go
for that one you know I think it looks
dope if you want me to get this one type
in Rolex guess in the comment section
we're all next guess that's what you
have to type in actually no this one
actually really cool Joe still playing
classic yeah it looks like it ready you
can wear on like a boat if you know I
mean with your shorts and sup alright
thank you so much that looks really cool
I seriously think I might get that guess
watch the one that looks like it's Rolex
because I want a copy amazing thing is
as soon as I saw his watch it looked
nice but I've seen these online I always
watch videos about like watches and
especially the Rolex submarine is it
called the one that you have is it glad
to know it is good summer which there's
a vaccine like similar watch it is and
I've always loved them so when I saw on
his wrist I was like yo I've seen videos
about that and when I saw the guess one
I was like wow this is a way of fitting
something that looks like this into the
given budget he and Linden have split up
to try and find the ultimate watch so
he's over there looking I want to find a
really nice open-faced one if you know I
mean one that you can see it ticking
have you had any luck nope
hey I'm gonna ask them what open faced
ones they have in the budget yeah let's
let's go look
which one was it somewhere that looks
nice like a rolling that's the same one
that's guess not me just move yeah
that's all we just looked at you know I
saw I'm so seriously no no no sorry was
that one we want look that they're very
similar though the thing I think maybe
that's the girl one it looks smaller
little yeah is there any difference
between that one and that one
they look seriously similar a girl and a
guy man oh yeah I think in my view no
good so far so apparently have the
open-faced ones can I kind of see our
camera I never existed
so 950 and this is what I meant guys and
I'm at the open face so you can kind of
see it ticking if you know I mean okay
that's are they so they're already
similar I really like that black one
that looks dope as well shaking I'm yeah
can I look at the black one a camera
thank you
here so this is the same price 950 no
they all have different body will have
different prices
oh yeah this one is nice okay but I like
this hey wait can we see that one is low
so which one this one yeah the the Rolex
looking won this war 900 900 okay this
this is like the exact same with the
guest one I think this one Expendables
for some reason okay so guys in the
comment section this is going to be
called the fossil Rolex and other ones
the guess Rolex oh let me know thank you
so much and finally can I know is this
what brand is this is this a boys watch
or okay it's a lady Choi okay we'll
forget about that hey thank you so much
I think that has been a successful look
at the watches I don't think I'm going
to look anymore unless we see something
like very different because I think
we've given you a lot to work with don't
you reckon yeah you guys have like at
least twenty watches to pick from but to
be honest saying that we really like the
fossil Rolex one and the guest Rolex saw
traffic between them - I like the fossil
Rolex he likes the fossil I like both
black already she's that thing they look
so good in their own ways so it last one
the conversation there might be
something we don't know by like oh we
just gone by real works okay okay once
the budget is is that because obviously
the real Rolex is like it's there
Aaron's gonna walk around but that has
been watched shopping me and Linda
hopefully will see Linda the board the
blocks we shall because he he's one of
the only people I know that actually
doesn't mind being on the blog so that's
a really good boat is there like mercy
well I don't know get that camera away
from me hopefully will tend to go to the
median bridge with the blue he owns yeah
yeah he knows he's got access to it
let's just say that he's got access to
so maybe you can take the cars there I
know you got locked out like a cool
picture but for now I don't know what
we're going to do sarsen once anything
happens we're just that paparazzi having
some nut tender
you know I'm just lying to Papa milk G
and yeah just enjoying life they don't
want you to have paparazzi its website
refresh them out yeah as I did it's the
end of the day of being limited anyway
she's going he needs to do some stuff
who's awesome hanging out with him it
was we were doing some watch things you
guys always love the type of like videos
like this so let us know what you prefer
to guys now I think I don't know why I
kind of like the guess one the here's
team fossils so I'll leave a comment in
the con section for guests so let us
know which one you spread out that
watches he's going to head off and I'm
gonna head up home and see what you know
the family's up to you but yeah it's
been it's been a new guest in the blog
you guys always lovely young no no
hopefully we see Linda's more in the
vlogs and yeah that was the wrap for
today each guy is it Linden is like me
like he loses his car so we're trying to
find him but he's actually much smaller
than me can he took a bowl always take
pictures take your video where you oh
yeah hands up they were honky-ass don't
worry we're not like crossing without
hurting it okay peace up Linden
yo yo squirrel
yeah it's a selfie I need to go buy some
Eddie man for my sister right now and
then head a hole I don't know what to
eat she's in love with that Sam they run
to see over here with the gentle cool
things I probably look like a complete
weirdo staying here that's pretty
awesome for like a little selfie you
could take I'm about to leave to go home
bye destroyed a really really cool car
in the parking guess what is yo check
that out there is a BMW i8 right here
and I've got Eddie man in my hand I
might take a picture of it just from my
Instagram because this looks fresh wow I
didn't know expect to see that in the
marquee I just came out and I saw it
looks pretty dope I think today is my
lucky day in the normal parking I just
spotted another really awesome car look
at it a blue g-wagen it's like this
light blue I'm not even sure the color
what how are you so lucky today like I
ate followed by a blue g-wagen Wow
Oh
and you guys
my son came on call that cell phones
ever since I left the city you started
wing lesson going now mom - mom hanging
with the harm shut up I was singing I
hate this enough I saw I'm gonna cure
this a time oh my god
you know what fear may cancel guidance
please come later you doll
we we made it home we made it home I
swear this edit man thing is so annoying
to carry around like I don't want it to
spill okay let's use the camera to hit
the buzzer good thing on can you believe
it can you believe at the level of the
level of disrespect I got my sister some
Edmund look right here edit man you see
that see yeah let's just tap it a bit so
you can see and all the steam goes away
she ain't even home nobody's home they
made me deliver this all the way home I
think no even here hello
see it's empty then let's check up on
bubbles and kill your wedding at doe yo
where'd he get let's go upstairs
let's go let's go see where they Yap
Kitty
bubbles okay Co where are the cats hello
look at them seriously getting worried I
thought they might have ran out when I
came inside and they're both here why
don't you guys make any noise
they're finally home about disrespect I
got you your Eddy rubbish it's on the
table
and you just got home through like 15
minutes here you go say thank you to me
for getting you Eddy rubbish
keeping on your help or your fitness
thing wow you're cutting through that
like a monster man what is this you're
eating the whole thing you're killing it
anyways I need to go reply to some
emails damn I've been getting so many
business emails lately I just don't know
how to reply to them anymore it's like
read read read read and I thought I'd
miss them I'm so bad when it comes to
like that business aside I'm YouTube
it's ridiculous mom you ready what what
do we need from the shop by the way yes
what do we need I actually don't know me
want milk we're driving for milk okay so
you just need milk you know that's why
you come here oh that makes sense
we need milk and the first thing we get
is some yeah that definitely looks like
milk Murray yep I think I think this is
more milk right is this also milk yep
seems legit we only needed milk when we
came to the supermarket guys aha yeah
that is okay I think that's the that's a
special type of milk right it's called
the Krusty milk good she's just getting
started it's a warm-up this is a warm-up
yep mushroom milk that's what it's
called cure in the fridge we have no
milk but my mum somehow has got
everything she needs
that's so funny because we came just for
milk and the only thing we have not got
yet is milk like we basically picked up
the whole store acceptable how the hell
does that work my mom always does this
everything but milk yeah now we're going
for the middle oh oh we need rice too we
have like a an infection in this house
I don't know how so many ants got here
look at that before I had today's lore I
kind of want to hear your opinion about
something to do with watches because I
think that's what the whole video has
been about today so as you can tell by
today's video we were going around
looking at why called mid-range watches
they're very decent but they're not your
high-end Rolexes or ApS now that's kind
of what I've been confused with because
recently I've been really into watch
videos I've been looking at them on
YouTube and okay let me show you I see
so this is the watch I was looking at
today it's the gues watch it kind of
looks like the Rolex submarine or
whatever you call it
I'm not too sure but I've been looking
at some videos and let me show you the
videos I've been looking at shout to
these people I'm about to show you so
shout out to CRM jewelers I was watching
this video and he was comparing the
Rolex and the AP and oh my god I'm in
love with both these watches and also I
was watching a video from a UAE vlogger
called M Kuan he has some sick watches
in his collection and yeah I was
watching both their videos I'll leave
their links in the description and when
you watch videos of these high-end
watches you kind of really want to get
one and I'm not sure if it would be
smarter for me to like not save up
necessary but wait on it and that may be
yea high and watch within like I don't
know a year or if I should just buy
these mid-range ones constantly to add
to my collection but shoutout to M Quon
I know is a UAE vlogger and all if you
keep on telling me to like collaborate
with UAE bloggers I've been super busy
but hopefully within the next two weeks
I'll try and hear up some more UAE
vloggers so we can collaborate maybe I'm
Quan we can do like a watch vlog
together because he knows about is
watching
much more than I do I saw this video and
I'm like an amateur when it comes to
watches but I don't know do you guys
think I'm doing the right thing and just
getting loads of mid-range watches or do
you recognize you're just like kind of
wait until it's the right time and just
go for one high-end one like maybe like
a rolly or an AP I don't know it's just
like I was watching like a vlog
and it's like how like I don't feel like
I deserve it now not really deserve it
but I don't think it's the right time
for me to get one if you know I mean
laughs food I feel like you have to
build up to that point so I don't know
have to see that's why I want your
opinion on you guys might have seen this
on my sister's hand yesterday when we
did the Nutella video I'm gonna show you
right now properly
she got tatted up she's got tattoos on
her hand now Yoda called henna tattoos
I'm not sure if it's actually a toad
it's not really boo oh my god the
infection spread from her hand to her
legs what the hell stop it it's gonna go
everywhere and I show them up close for
the 1% of the girls watching the vlog
if you did enjoy today's vlog smash the
like button let me know your thoughts in
the description and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
