good morning everyone and welcome to
another blab Alicia's vlog I made that
word up I have no idea what it means to
be honest soul whoa that's sunlight I
saw this extremely cool video on YouTube
as you do you know you just go across
videos and they made Nutella popsicle
sticks like seriously made not out of
popsicle sticks so today I'm going to go
out buy the ingredients I saw on that
video and try it myself so if you
haven't seen that video already which I
doubt a lot of you have seen maybe you
have I'm gonna try it myself and let's
see how it turns out but sausage good
know yo it's seriously so packed out in
the mall today it's a Friday and
everybody's out researching for parking
and it was like a miracle we balance so
easily and hey let's go get the
ingredients and head off to make this in
the same popsicle stick well I needed
for this cooking thing was a blender was
just a really really basic blender II
got I only need it for this video really
and maybe I'll just try out some new
smoothies for myself at home maybe make
some like healthy drinks or something
we'll do something with it we won't
leave it to waste they actually sell
Christmas trees and care for I never
knew that I thought that was only like
in America and stuff where they had
these but apparently they have it here
in divides all we made our life guys it
is so so busy right now it's Friday it's
like everybody's out we quickly go all
we needed I hope we can get back home
and make this because apparently it
takes like a couple of hours to freeze
up because you make it with cream and
I'll show you everything once we get
home I don't think I'm going to post
this on cooking with mo just because you
guys probably just watch it here anyways
so I might have to like delete that
Channel we'll have to see about it okay
fine I'll leave that channel just for
future if we ever do anything like on a
consistent basis but I don't
think I'm going to be posting anything
on it soon ah I can't lift anything is
one hand I'm too weak there yeah oh yeah
I can it bags with one hand before I
start on that really cool popsicle stick
I'm going to take bubbles out like ten
minutes just to continue that type of
training thing I was doing with him I'm
going to try and get them more used to
going out and in out and in but the only
reason I put the collar on is in case
they get lost like last time the collar
has our details on there and people can
call us and yeah we can get them back
that way so hopefully it's good like the
first time and nothing like unexpected
happens and the cats from outside don't
try and attack him and yeah we can get
bubbles used to this sounds good beause
it let go maybe I was ready to come out
yeah okay
there you go ah bless you come out
through the door like there's a door
right here bubbles okay I'm gonna go sit
with him why is he running this guy's so
shady when we let him out he just
instantly runs I'm usually very very
nervous when I let bubbles our kitty but
I'm just gonna try and sit here and be
relaxed I think whenever like we try and
walk around in my walk like beside him
he gets more panicked as well I look at
him right now he seems much more calm
than he normally is so I think not like
chasing him around or even walking
behind him gets him stressed out so I'm
gonna let him do his thing hopefully I
mean we have to eventually let him come
out by himself so if I'm following him
around that's not even a good thing so
this did let's just see what he does
alone let's go inside no you're not
having it cops
good boy bubbles that was a good day
okay let's get back into making our
popsicle sticks this is the ninth way to
make for this job but it would you
okay so basic blender equipment we've
got the back bar and we got this part
okay I'm not sure what this is supposed
to do yeah tada our new bender blender
we have to check if the blender works
not bad I just want to say don't make
this how I supposed to work in this
environment before I start making this
popsicle stick recipe I want to say wait
until I've done it so much until the end
of the video before you try at home
because I saw this on a video and I have
no idea if they were just making out to
taste good or bad to taste good so we
can kind of go through this together and
what you're going to need is you're
going to need obviously not set up the
more the merrier
okay we've got two over here you're also
going to need some heavy cream boom we
have double cream I think it's the same
thing
also we're going to just chuck in some
sweetened condensed milk followed by
some you know regular whole milk this is
how much you're going to need of each of
the ingredients this is in cups pause
the video right there I'll read out in
case three-quarters of a cup Nutella
half the cup of sweetened condensed milk
one whole cup of milk and half a cup of
heavy cream now obviously if that's too
much for you make it less but just keep
them proportions in mind oh I just want
to put this in my mouth right now but no
I can't do it so beyond that is a lot
Nutella I'm not going to I just kissed
the most beautiful thing ever was not
set up Wow next up let's have our cream
we're going to use the little cup for
the cream you know okay I'm not sure if
you do this with the spoon or you know
for milk
I mean you pour cream right so let me
just try there you go not bad not bad
this is actually my first time using
sweetened condensed milk I have no idea
how it looks like let's go ahead and see
you on camera together you can't open
this knowing just with it hit back
how how do you do this exactly
oh yeah mom you could really do that
it's stuck on my finger right now yeah
okay okay
improvise if you guys can't open
something improvise so there is our
sweetened condensed milk
we're gonna need also half a cup of
laughs well I never tasted essential it
tastes sweet and finally you know the
 ingredients is milk leg up this
is like the easiest thing ever I think
up a bit too much milk I so seems about
right
we have my ingredients ready now it's
time to put it in the mixer now it's
actually a pretty easy way of doing this
stuff you lost but not these guys we're
going to just chuck in the Nutella this
is like your main ingredient come on
let's go anyways let's go take our
mixture and this is going to be the
first time I ever use a blender let's
just make sure it's all locked in wait
how do you do this learner you need to
turn this you need to turn this okay
that's locked in everything is locked
right yeah just got number two
that's also whoa Wow it's time to fill
up our little popsicle things with this
mixture oh look at that here we have it
guys this is are not set of popsicle
sticks I'm going to pop these into the
fridge or freezer as I should say and
see how long it's gonna take to freeze
up I think it should take like four
hours three hours I have no idea but
let's pop these into the freezer and
I'll see once they've frozen to tell you
how it tastes because don't judge it
until we taste there that's my way of
going about things so some things look
nice and then you hear you know like I
should not have made that so I'm going
to tell you my honest opinion how taste
when it breezes up I'm about to go
whooping oh okay that was not smart idea
hey flex on them real quick flex on them
real quick hey possible
whoa whoa do see how I'm doing yoga
close to the jump shot oh how did you
start your professional career as a
basketball er no no no does a microphone
breath that wasn't that that's not spud
me mummy mode I start spud me okay this
is gonna be my second shot I came in
took like a little warmup shop let's see
if I can make this switch okay watch
this watch
cup
basically guys I have a left shoulder
injury I can't make my shots at the
moment so delicious yeah warm up hey
third time third time lucky third time
oh this is called the three-point trick
shot it's going to be my last shot
before we leave I hope I can make it
because if I don't that would have just
been like no worse possible recession
ever okay
in it
you know I hate Barsoom I never liked
basketball I'm never gonna play
basketball I had I had a scholarship to
play basketball and I turned it down I
went and bought these tandoori chicken
wings from outside they don't want to
say good food mummy mo they don't want
us to eat good food but you know what we
do we good food they ready for us to
have pizza look they don't want us to
have pizza but we have seats the grind
never stopped in the Molag household if
you're watching this video I want you to
do something that they don't want you to
do if they don't want you to play
basketball play basketball if they don't
want you to be successful be successful
as DJ Khaled said lie on ball the
serious note guys like DJ Khaled man
this guy's been he's been the most
inspirational speaker this year like if
you don't want to snatch already go and
do so it's like dj khaled 3:05 like such
a random name but trust me daddy
that guy is the best that it has there's
racial speeches Yo Yo Ma MIMO is going
in my sister is finally downstairs and
she has no idea why I've been up to my
mom so take a guess what it is I
something to do with cooking you
mentioned you were going to buy a
blender okay yeah basically I think Y
made has frozen by now so go into the
freezer and yes see what you can find go
into the freezer
top floor that is actually not hella ice
lollies I want to try on camera I wanna
try this would lessen for people at home
don't just try and pull it out trust me
just put some water on and it should
slide right out
cuz they're coming up what
oh yeah there you go
honest opinion tell us artists huh are
you telling I have no I it's just like
milk and cream and stuff like that yes
Wow does actually taste nice Wow let's
see like better than professional
thought man this is really nice
my sister has been going on about how
delicious this is like ice cream and
this is so amazing that I know I like
ice cream hey hold on a trial now I
really want to try one here hold the
vlog camera by yourself let's take it
take it right there
I actually was another one I haven't
tried I already tried I'll be minding
other TV you will try this I'm not
trying to no you should try it so good I
made it I've been waiting a whole day to
try it and I like you know what I mean
is pulled on about this is so amazing
God told you that we could sell this
stuff it's so good nice seriously so
nice I know so good y-you know when you
have like an ice-cream a let's go like
the best bar in the middle this tastes
like that best part that is actually
delicious I'm over life they don't more
delicious I could have ever had I don't
make them healthy I'm gonna keep eating
yeah
overeating them which is so delicious
yeah I'd like to addicted now that is so
delicious daughter sorry guys type it's
so soft and not telling is I and it's
not too chocolatey you know I mean one a
motion of eating ice cream right now
whoa the taste really nice any of these
guys are going to wrap up today's vlog
here trust me when I say you need to try
this out I told you at the beginning
when I was making this don't try it
until you watch to the end of the video
and I can 100% confirm with my sister
this is probably the most delicious
thing you're ever going to taste when I
watch the video I was skeptical because
you know all the cooking videos
everyone's like you know this is the
best thing but was already now come on
are you doing puzzles
anyways smash like button try this Apple
I said I'm cute I'm curious as I say
definitely try this at home if you have
the ingredients I can guarantee you will
not get disappointed for now
we'll see you guys with another blog
Galliano
