yo yo good morning everyone welcome back
to another video so today is actually a
very very exciting day because it's
currently 8 a.m. and we're starting my
blog out by scuba diving and even cooler
right now there is a German TV channel
recording my day hey how are you doing
say guys pretty much apart from the fact
that I'm actually going scuba diving
today they're doing like a little
documentary about Dubai life I think
yeah and I'm gonna be a perfect guy so
if you're in Germany big shots you guys
big eyes for now they're gonna quickly
scuba dive me up and put that outfit on
and we're gonna go dive with some sharks
oh okay so we are in our simpsons right
now yeah it is time to go diving with
sharks basically I'm really sick right
now it's a.m. in the morning I don't
know why I'm doing this guys basically
we're about to go screw diving guys let
me see this is really really tight now
I'm not sure if you guys can see what
oh okay here goes nothing guys oh oh oh
it's cold you're in the water right now
it is absolutely freezing plus we have
the coolest instructor we got the
flippers on our boys
I think it's officially time to go down
we've got the scuba mask on we got the
camera oh my god I'm so I'm so scared
guys
oh there's somebody else coming there's
some videos covering the birthday girl
it's the birthday girl you ain't no
water you'll feel fine okay it's all
right now we just went down for one
second I'm practicing the breathing
guys I am freezing right now oh okay
well there you go boys that has been
scuba diving as I said today we're
starting out the morning very very very
early ah guys listen we start at 7:00
a.m. so I am super super tied ba guys
for now we're actually heading out of
here that has been the star Friday but
let's keep the date going let's just
have some more fun
oh okay so for now you're heading out of
here yo the end of the ER here is insane
guys welcome to the elevator
no this elevator is absolutely insane so
we are back home after the scuba diving
basically guys now that we're back home
you can probably see that we still have
the slingshot in our house and honestly
this car is so much fun but I want to
take it out one more time right now so
basically right now I'm gonna quickly
turn this bad boy on and we're gonna go
for our lost Drive because it is
actually leaving very very soon guys say
yeah we're just gonna have a little bit
more fun before this bad boy goes
let's go
the problem about driving this car look
what it does to your hair it's like in
the arcade
arms real let's continue the rest of the
day why do I talk like this yo our voice
oh right now I just fade it over to the
shopping center now here's the thing you
guys saw this morning we literally
started out the vlog by doing like a
documentary with a German TV channel
when it gets even better like honestly I
don't want to jinx myself or put bad eye
on myself but this year is turning out
so amazing already
so basically tomorrow I'm actually
shooting an advertisement with another
company and this is gonna go on like TV
your boy is gonna be on TV
and Lana guy says me and Lana it's crazy
guys I'm just so excited 2018 is already
looking good Henry's right now the
reason I'm here let's go I don't know
what the haircut did but my teeth also
look wide enough our voices now that
we're done with our haircut I've
actually come back over to the Jordans
store now it's been a really long time
since I've been here but they have
something really cool over here check
this out blood basically they have a
fridge a fridge inside a shoe store and
look at these bad boys oh these are cold
hill honestly I remember I used to come
over here Leigh truly every week
checking out shoes and they actually
have a ton of really cool new ones guys
check it out so these are all of the
Gatorade ones that have come out this is
my favorite this one DJ Khaled actually
unboxed on a snapchat guys so this is
dope me a Russian used to come here
every single week but for now we're like
you know what let's keep it on the low
there's a baby crying
have you ever had those days where you
actually forget to eat food today is one
of those days and I'm absolutely
starving so right now I couldn't came to
get some food I'm having a burger and a
chocolate milkshake I'm literally just
waiting for this to beep and my life
will change food is ready
wanna see right now I just want to say
thank you to whoever invented curly
fries or whatever you call this now that
was a very well needed bill okay here is
the thing as I told you guys there's a
ton of cells going on in Dubai right now
every year in January like everywhere
Dubai eyes like the big yourselves it's
like the season for it so right now I
want to go and see if any of like the
good friends are on self because
normally the stuff you don't want is
always on sale but the stuff you want
it's never on sale Oh Louis Vuitton any
sales nope now that is awesome now we
are heading out of the ball quickly came
just to shave up
yo my car knows me man anyways as I said
my Queenie just came to shave up because
tomorrow no boy is gonna be on a TV
advert at Lana like I'm more excited
about Lana cuz she doesn't really do
this type of stuff guys so I've done it
before with my other show I did so I'm
100% sure she's gonna be so nervous who
did anyways guys for now I'm heading out
here
let's go hope I did enjoy the rest of
the day
whoa my driving classes like you have to
just drive with the clutch or this
uphill yeah
yeah ah anyway so we are finally back
home right now and now that I'm home I
should have talked to you guys about a
couple of things okay you guys know at
the end of the videos I always like to
have a heart-to-heart with you guys here
is the thing a couple of days ago I told
you guys how I made money trading I was
super super excited it's my first time
ever putting money into trading I lost
my money guys short story is I told you
guys that I'm investing and these I
Bitcoin cryptocurrency things everything
I invested in literally went up and
straight down now there's one more thing
I really need to talk to you guys about
and that is Logan pool now you guys know
I made a video about this last week and
I didn't want to say anything else than
what I already have but I feel like I
need to okay so you guys know what Logan
was in Dubai he was always hanging out
with us so he is our friend guys and
this week a lot of crazy things happen
I'm sure you guys know the whole drama
that happened and when I initially made
the video on it I actually didn't really
know what happened so that is why I'm
gonna talk about it one more time guys
but yeah basically if you guys don't
know what happened he messed up because
he went to Japan and he recorded like
something he shouldn't have and honestly
what I do want to say is I know that he
messed up guys and he even came out with
a video apologizing herself but I feel
really bad because a lot of us in our
lives we all messed up and who
regardless if it's a big mistake or a
small mistake but I feel like when
you're on social media and have such a
big following everything amplifies they
are a hundred times more than it should
and guys honestly as I said he is our
friend
and I really feel bad because he hasn't
uploaded for one week I don't know the
pool he does not miss a week of vlogging
for no reason so I just want to say I
hope whatever he is going through that
he does get better yes what he did was
not right but I hope he's doing good
because I feel like you should never
wish badness upon somebody is that a
word badness I don't know the reason I'm
talking about this I feel like I lost a
friend like you know when you watch
somebody online a lot and then something
happens to them like this you just like
ah it's just crazy be a guys that is
what I wanted to say about the situation
anyways as always I'll wrap up today's
vlog here
don't forget I'm picking the giveaway
winner in two days from now so if you
guys want to win a brand-new phone make
sure to subscribe down below and comment
why you want to win it and yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow
yeah Leon Oh
