hey guys I need good lighting to start
good morning everyone welcome to another
vlog today my sister is working on a new
project whoa
basically we're going to have a painting
on the wall that's going to be drawn by
my sister about flippin time about
flippin time ice so she's just measuring
out the canvas she has this one is too
big basically for the wall because the
cats will scratch etc etc so we need
like a more long what you call it long
rectangular one yeah this is more of a
square yeah there you go we've named him
grumpy mr. grumpy come back grumpy
grumpy come yeah he ate the fruit at
night doesn't like us look at that I
hate you on why the red is back bring
red today to go out actually I'm taking
out the Ferrari kicks and what I've
noticed about these they are so light
like I don't know how to show it you
guys on the vlog but they're so thin and
plasticky can you see that
bubbles is making a huge noise what are
you doing
really look what we've done to the
inside of that box
and you run away from what you've done
okay sorry well I wanted to talk to you
guys about is something that I've been
going on about for ages and I thought
finally clear it up so t-shirts you guys
know I wanted to sell t-shirts I was
asking you guys for logos for ages and
you guys are really awesome you're
sending me loads of logos and yeah
that's not the issue anymore now the
only issue is making the shirts sending
them out initially I don't know if you
guys watch the vlog I was planning on
making it myself here sending it out but
now that I thought about it really
doesn't make sense because for me to do
that I would really need a team a team
of people maybe someone like I don't
know just like an assistant if you know
I mean just someone helping me with it
because I'd already have like a team of
people specifically there to help me and
it's not really a big thing like I'm not
starting off huge or anything I thought
it only makes sense if I started off
online so use one of these websites that
makes you shirts and ships them itself
and it's much more convenient for me all
I have to do is just put the design in
they give you great quality products
with good shipping and you know customer
service but I'm having a problem picking
between two places now I'm already
having a problem I'm just deciding
between the two places and maybe you
guys can help me out with this I'm very
undecided when it comes to picking
things so I'll let you guys pick since
you are the viewers now the two places
are district lines and Spreadshirt now
I'm not too sure I'm going to do my own
research about it but if you guys have
any feedback to give maybe you guys have
used one and don't like it or you use
the other don't like it let me know
because those are the main two I'm
really budging towards and yeah maybe
your help could be put in maybe there's
something I don't know with the research
I've done but yeah let me know hopefully
we can get this done within a one two
weeks I'm not even sure how long it
takes
set up a store there and yeah thanks for
being patient with me
are you guys ready this is just
ridiculous
I'm ready I'm not releasing supply look
this is ridiculous
there's not even just other vlogs
anymore why is everybody wearing a
similar color oh wait she's like I read
in your a lie hear it right now
I don't care don't show me Oh oops I
think the cameras on you
uh let's see you that is what's up guys
we are subscribe to this amazing guy by
the way guys he has a YouTube channel he
wants you guys to go check it out what
is it Lord master and follow me on
Instagram
haven't you - yeah just follow
everywhere like cricket I need you back
limits and he is Frank's Berg
he's prankster gentle and I'll prankster
hey everybody here you know what this
guy's the best yep
alright guys it was good seeing you high
five bang bang okay already had this
boss or did it safe okay so the yo-yo
squad came and kind of gave my sister a
bit more time to get ready and she's
still not ready I mean you know how long
I was out there for I was out there for
like 20 minutes and you're still not
ready that's just ridiculous my mom
changed her clothes because she thought
everyone can't be the same she wanted to
change up so now it's only Lana left to
change her clothes because there can
only be one red purse okay
what's that color cooler I know it's not
even red okay Yellin her finally she's
ready and did you change your clothes
just cuz I mean I know it will you now
with that dress it's like yeah was it
good - what's that fair record though
yeah I'm gonna her her clothes look
funny man
let's go it's not it's a good funny it's
a good funny all right let's just go
take your selfies those mics are so loud
today we're coming to a different type
of restaurant something you guys are
probably not seen a laugh I came here a
couple years ago with my uncle it's a
more traditional restaurant and you sit
on the floor and you eat it's really
awesome the food is great and yeah I
wanted to share with you guys that's why
we came today it's cool why is it called
it's called Beit almond view that's what
it's called let's go ahead this is the
waiting area they have pretty cool so
we're taking our shoes outside the room
thank you we're inside a loan take
another video from outside just so they
can properly see it so this is how the
room looks like guys you just open it
and you go inside and eat okay let's
let's order oh I can actually remember
when we were here it was so cool and the
food is great ah you can actually
stretch out your legs oh this is awesome
yeah we should not like a little room
all day more about these so sit the
cushions
oh yeah way onto the food :
oh yeah - complete you forgot thank you
alright
that's how you eat so they put these
down so you don't make a mess and at the
end when you're finished they just like
kind of fold it up and take you let you
put my cushion behind my back oh hi
I favor a victory side I need where's
the menu why are you hugging me I want
to get that chicken I got last time
so tell me if you guys are expecting
somewhere like this I don't think do you
reckon they've seen somewhere like this
of course we have it maybe it's just us
that hasn't seen something like this
well we did like a couple years ago
that's when our uncle brush here and we
fell in love with the place the food was
amazing
hopefully it's the same it will be the
same that's not going to like randomly
change and it's just a really nice
concept right I feel at home it's so
much more comfortable than our need to
make you like my women today in July
table so the food got here is wait what
you fou this again I forgot all right
guys so the main course came it's cool
chicken mess be am I saying all right
it's super super delicious even without
trying I know it I'm a I can read and I
can read the chicken if you know what I
mean but I'm about to eat let me stretch
my legs I'm sitting really open yeah I
can stretch them out so nicely here look
at that
me and my funky socks I got my socks
hello everybody
Wow so really started oz I let me try
it's not is it okay bye it's really nice
believe me it's really nice right it's
like when you have to come out Thank You
bugs right okay here you go guys I'll
give you a sample as well I finally
finished my sister's legs were cramping
up because she was taking photos I'm not
sure if he's gonna post them anytime
soon but in her photo is this is Howard
next where she was I kinda like back she
was sitting with that and it was so
uncomfortable just to the photo all
right we need to get the bill and go
hopefully you enjoyed this segment off
the vlog if you guys want to check it
out where are we where's the space Oh
what oh yeah
strong this is the name chicken must be
so this is the one boom the grilled
chicken is there buster
there you go I'm holding the door come
out man are you okay
alright it's time to go
they actually have kunafa here so that
it's freshly made pretty cool
from 1806 I got a missed call from you
that night it was like
be feeling like this
you
take every single piece of the blame if
you want to know whatever snowman except
one in this game for two I'll go and
you're going to go on this to the truth
we're just heading to debut our marina
because we're going to have some
desserts or tea and we'll be there
hopefully soon
you made me more nervous when you told
me to try night natural I can't do this
I'm sorry I just can't
my sister gets super nervous when she
block for you guys so even people like
us who vlog on a daily basis no you use
blog but I don't really blog like my
makeup videos I don't talk that much so
so I'm just trying to say that if you
guys are trying to get into blogging or
want to do anything life trust me
everyone starts off down there not
knowing how to do it like blogging oh I
didn't start off the bessel keep pushing
we're examples of people die just
getting started really kind of life
lessons with no how about that I'm still
nervous and I don't know something like
something that's going to like it music
stay away from the camera changing color
now we're stuck in some heavy heavy
traffic it's a Thursday
basically like tomorrow's Friday little
weekend that's what you need to know
we're stuck in traffic I open the roof I
don't know you guys can't see much wait
Emme see can we open this even more
there we go
yo yeah
now you've got a nice view of all of the
buildings whoa and this is all from
inside you see yeah
nice tell them your feelings tell them
your feelings why are you not happy
because I wanted to go to the beach I
wanted to go somewhere like fun yeah I'd
weaponed my brother doesn't want to
drive through traffic guys you said it
was a movie we came to enjoy this this
decision yet decision who like you know
what we're not getting anywhere even you
said it my brother doesn't drive because
he cannot take traffic it's long it's
very large sorry when Lana tries it's
all fine like we can stay trapped
forever it's fine get everyone sitting
back but no my motorized everything gets
cancelled hey you take the vodka just
tell them what we want to do now so
where should we go I'm not sure you tell
me no we're going home I already came
out of that traffic and I think we
cannot go back into it and yeah so
tonight I need to go running for like a
while until I get so tired out and I
just color no I don't feel tired
full of energy that way you're speaking
I feel full of energy I I really don't
know I I am I'm actually I could go out
like nice place now but I hundred
percentage right now
yeah well Oh Jo so as I've long it is
why I just didn't like I don't know
that's a hundred percent energy I why
don't want your precise no this is just
camera shy like oh if we was in the real
life if you're camera shy you let me all
the sleep on campus did you see that
what the hell is that what is that
special burger Jerry my sister when I
Drive she puts her feet up it's like me
putting my foot here on the dashboard no
there's a reason I don't do this all the
time
today I had a mean game done just before
the blow just what I've seen it
it's that's it this is why my brothers
actually let me tell them you true this
why my brother kind of lights on so
other people can see yeah yeah nobody
can see me look because it's blending
into this table yeah what's the next one
is you come like you're Hong Kong what
the hell you do my leg last time you did
it there is sweat on here yeah they're
greasy toes what do you mean like when
it's hot obviously you see a bit of
question fashion around it is not it's
good to sweat until the said we're gonna
have a small little yo-yo squad meeting
right now Mabel and sister and basically
what we're gonna try and do tonight is
finalize a design now obviously these
are the two I showed you ages ago yeah
my sister's gonna bring out some art
stuff so we can try and draw out and
hopefully I'm crossing my fingers saying
this by tomorrow we might have a
finalized design ready to go all I need
to do then is just contact one of these
websites and see which one I'm going to
print with so let's see I'll keep you
guys updated today with what's kind of
going on guys we're getting down to
business with the art what the hell is
that why don't you okay I don't mind
alright let's get out these pencils I've
never seen something so fancier yo what
is this what is this I'm leaning on your
tea I'm sorry yo how I should you pay
for this this looks expensive like loads
of things that that day Wow okay let's
get down to sketching artists a specific
type of font Oh anything readable
anything readable
there's going to be unisex yes thank you
so what do you think I see because you
know all the girls watching want a shirt
right you do yeah I know
I knew we have to make a unisex it's
currently quarter to 3:00 at night so
that's why I'm super tired but my sister
finally finished the yellow Yolo
sketches obviously these are just very
very rough I wanted to show you guys so
we have number one which is this one
here's a close-up
yanli Yolo number two which is this one
and then number three which is this one
so yeah those two are not colored yet
but put your votes in the description
which one of these three templates you
do like we're going to design more but
that is what we've gone for for now it's
super late we need to go to sleep so if
you do like any of them smash the like
button and vote below please I just want
to see where you guys are at with me if
you like one two three or if you don't
like any say I won't take offense to it
and neither will Alana we're just
practicing here we're trying to sketch
out some rough ideas but if you did
enjoy today's log smash the like button
she's gonna go away with her sketchbook
and not show you anything else in there
there's secret designs in there oh hi
you see you guys is another vlog yeah
leo lo Chris alright small little vlog
extra I haven't done this in a while and
you guys used to enjoy it a little bit
so I'm gonna go to bed obviously now but
I've just been editing one of the
funniest videos ever so if you haven't
checked it out it's the ice bath
challenge I didn't do my sister it
turned out super funny it's kind of long
ago for a challenge video I reckon
anyways so make sure to check it out and
I just wanted to say thank you to all of
you who have been like supportive of the
channel like I know sometimes it's like
the comments section kind of gets like
bit messy with I know not nice comments
if you know I mean and I know there's a
lot of you who are really supportive and
just have my back in there so I want to
thank you guys again
and yeah keep it up guys we're going to
we're going to do something we are going
to get somewhere with this channel
hopefully
