good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog look at the south we have over here
we have Kitty and Lana on would you just
look at her why'd she closing her eyes I
she's proper like what's it could I
could squinting is it good squinting
oh she's watching you edit a video wow
that is so cure that's move the tissues
I can get like maybe a thumb no show
today I actually recorded my first ever
gaming video I know what you guys are
thinking whoa almost sucks
gaming with Mo wow the Lighting's really
good but I have a huge problem so I told
you guys I was going to record it on my
older Mac or my mom's Mac and I just
took it but the software the editing
software is so different I don't even
know how to add on it so I'm I just
don't know I don't know what to do but
once you start doing citing today I'll
continue above peace
alright guys it's finally that time and
I actually can't believe you guys
managed to hit this target so if you
guys remember I didn't ice bath
challenge and I said huge target of
4,000 likes for my mom to do the
challenge as well and what can I say
guys what can I say
BAM 4089 little play here
were you really good high 4,000 and you
dude you heard her she said yes my mom
said if we have 4,000 likes she's gonna
do the challenge with double the ice ahh
I feel bad for her I really do but I put
the ball in her hand she she made the
choice
I did not force there so let's go by lo
dice
is Janet I promised my mom I'd take her
food shopping and I'm gonna cool her
down and tell her she has to buy ice
cubes while we're at the shop she's not
going to enjoy this right let's go call
her
mom mom are you ready to go my fans want
to show you something come they've got
like a nice message for you here come
read it come read it there's a really
nice message read that hey remember when
you said you'd hit 4,000 likes ah so you
ready to go shopping with ice cubes I
have heart problems how about this I've
told them if we can we'll try and
substitute you but if we can't you have
to do it so we're just going to have to
see I don't know I don't know if we can
make it happen but that's the deal if we
can try and substitute her for my sis if
not then it's all you this is the best
day of my life I can finally get revenge
on her because when I did it she was
laughing at me she was like having the
time of her life right let's go alright
we're getting so much ice I had to bring
a trolley let's get some ice
okay how many I know he promised to do
ten but just to be a bit nicer on my mom
we're gonna do eight she doesn't look
happy at me
no no no no no no no no
six one more time oh oh I can exit
that's it that's it that's it oh boy
you've got 16 no 14 kilograms of ice I
was supposed to do 20 but if you saw my
mom in this shop you know what let's go
confront her she was not letting you but
anymore what do you have to say to the
bloke for that you promised them 10 mom
you promised them 10 alright guys so I
did tell you that if my sister said you
and substitute she would do to challenge
instead of my mum so my mum is free for
now for now because my sister
volunteered so you got free foster day
mum uh-huh how are you feeling okay I
guess the athlete yourself didn't want
to share many words with you guys so
she's just gonna have to go in there and
show us what she's got
so we've got seven bags of ice one Lana
how do you feel about this no no I can
join up with ice in the war just this go
you can do all of it I want to see how
much is this gonna overflow I'm gonna
help you alright
I know
yeah okay guys the water is not too cold
and all the ice melted it's so light
it's still a little bit cold we're going
to quickly run buy some ice and then add
more cuz it didn't it just all melted it
melted in the war I think we put way too
much war let's go buy some ice I don't
even know if they still have 12 okay no
they do they do they have exactly what
we want all right just keep putting it
in this is like most ice you're ever
gonna need no it's three five six
oh boy and this is a lot of ice we
brought all the ice they had to row back
in like a rush those are the seven used
ones we got 12 brand new ones let's just
start tipping them into the war whoo
how could we already have a cold bath
and add more ice than the first time
that doesn't make sense
oh they're really good okay yeah mine
would have to do it again this is not
fair this is extremely cold
we still need to put more there's three
more
you're cheating now before you get me in
hospital it's not good Oh
you have to fully go into the war you
have to wait how many kilograms of ice
is this 24 plus 14 that's 38
I'm so happy you're doing this you did
you'd like tripled on what you did in
the beginning how many did I did six
this is more than triple you're doing 19
yeah well this is not fair no I thought
you're supposed to do too but the
biggest one draw me to join in well how
do I was going first now okay you know
what we'll make it a dot shirt but she
may get triple threat I think everyone
should do I think everyone should do it
okay not really my fingers are freezing
well that's it no no no please please
okay everyone's doing it that's the
everyone's doing everyone's doing it
that's it final
why she's lying
please good luck oh so sweet but you're
still in the challenge though we're
gonna time it just love me
okay you have to go in at once it's
first view that mom than me no no no
oh yeah okay go then go it's you first
that's it the main thing is is you first
want to have us take every step as a
guys I'm great I'm getting away this is
just okay no you're being annoying
please please I'm Caesar and my body is
going down like you're like your mother
she's at all gay have you mind uh oh
yeah these she died for the yogurts good
you have to Southern another Oh what the
hell is this right so you just killed
like vertically down going astray
straighten your legs out strain your
legs up yeah that's good deciding that
good job thank you I can feel it
trust me let go just let go don't go all
the way yes suddenly just go and come
out three two one
finish it too much he's caught it's so
close no it's mom second I said we had
the rule you know my camera is steaming
up from the cold so tell them how you
feel they want to know how they're feel
off to this challenge I'm feeling sick
already like Melissa yeah it's just like
you feel how cold and now you feel hot
and it's just you're biting out a feel
anymore you know no mom mom if 4,000
likes remember that 4,000 likes no
please please please please you go
please
no no no no no throat starts to feel
like you're sick without a have like no
you don't have heart problems mom why
you like to me I know you I don't know
give me camera your turn you go now this
is not fair you go thank you don't get
it wet don't get it yeah well you need
to go because this isn't really unfair
go go I'm waiting yeah I told you it's
cold it's so cold on the Florence I'm
hot but it doesn't make it fair I'm hot
from outside okay go this is not fair
he's really cold by the way oh she's so
much colder than when I did it okay oh
I'm not even gonna lie guys mine was not
cold at all compared to this it's not
something might think I got what does I
dropped it's okay it's just a little
washing my mom has to do this often mom
has like a quick I don't go no mercy you
did this just now you're doing
I don't want to get my blood yeah me too
going good yeah you made us do it so
yeah oh yeah normal you take the camera
let me just fix everything
see I don't know in the beginning it's
just really annoying but I get what well
it's still cold yeah I'm having trouble
breathing
I told you you know it feels like you're
gonna say no even my no idea what my
hidden I came out so quick I didn't put
my I can say second round or your thread
first head first okay Baba master good
for a don't be so mean hurry yeah it's
really cold first she's she's not gonna
be oh she doesn't like even normal cold
water this is like freezing okay okay
second round begins now this time head
first
oh you go again we need the moral
support
y'all okay this time is head first and
yeah bring my face stays as long as you
can okay I'm sorry guys I did it a
really wimpy way oh is it really cold
enough reaches I do have a really wimpy
way my hair is still dry I'm gonna go in
headfirst and stay in almost like
suffocation we're gonna we're gonna
think time you know do it backwards and
tiny I don't like front whisk is hard
and hold my nose and it's like
everywhere my okay we have to fully
submerge yeah yeah stay in the water
yeah yeah no fun huh one minute I'll go
ahead oh whoa I was about to slip on
this look at the you messed up the bath
ready okay ready okay we're gonna time
you three
I don't know I get up more down okay
Justin I color the same time green was
the last time I said stay in as long as
you can do this I've seen them swimming
like ice cream mmm TV I thank the one
day one
- what - I'm Patton when you panic you
can't breathe you just can't breathe
white one I know how that is
oh okay I can do this Oh
amazing amazing a dead you just can't
breed when it's like this cold you can't
wait like you you actually stuff hey
join me to show them at first I can't do
it and I want to do it
hold on Ready Steady Cook she's actually
staying under staining for a lighter no
I have my towel on me oh I was so bad
reader how do you feel I want that to
know the veal is really numb right now
this is really good what look like
you're crying it's actually unhealthy
sorry
nor feels even warmer than this top it's
so weird abnormal love is your turn da I
can is like it we're not we're not gonna
make her do it now can't you do what I
just did there that was impossible you
know how hard it is Dima stay there for
one second did you just charge for lungs
I think she challenged mo blocks guys
I'm gonna stand up for like 10 seconds
all right
you're like 3 I'll give you 4 3 4 ok
look date that the donuts have to have
you gone now I'm going next if you meet
me on the I'm going next
you go you go okay this is a challenge
did I get that a dinner you might make
for stop breathing loudly feel free like
I can't afford my legs are still
freezing no no backwards just slide up
cuz offer my hand honey no go backwards
you can't do frontwards trust me it's
really impossible and my legs my legs
are still freezing right now by being
serious quickly go until the temperature
stood there you better go now
oh come on you're so different yeah yeah
it's like okay what's the time to be
okay you owe me did you count 314
excellent Roger okay okay okay oh you
have the time on the camera so you don't
know even though they go okay I came
ready ready shit man
okay come on come on I want to do it
like you okay obviously don't you know
you need to know your like note you're
gonna start panicking you can't hold
your breath
trust me I did it and I couldn't hold my
breath just fucking fine if you mean I'm
gonna do it again on beat you I don't
care I went this far I'm not gonna let
your your squat down so start
you can't jump you're gonna slip and
break your neck or something
3 - that was so bad shit nice
oh is it bleeding what are you saying
just a few seconds ago no I I need to
repay an IV you know I'm gone one more
time thank you
was I reused what say that was that one
second well I felt like I was in there
for years I felt I was like I am like a
tsunami you brought the entire content
on the bus in with you no you know I
think that's enough mom don't you yeah
oh my word
often nothing up what are you saying
- the viewers just a few seconds ago cuz
I need to replay that and you better put
it there can theyi to see what you were
saying to me and challenging me I beat
you at this
I sure knows it I feel like it was like
yeah it's really bad it's really bad
right I was actually a different look
that's why I came out I've definitely be
in a right now okay take your camera and
talk through weird I was so bad guys I
do not recommend doing it last time I
did six packs of ice six this time we
did 19 okay I really need time breathing
okay you take it I can't vlog anymore
okay I'll go just chucking the camera
dice nice such a cheat it was either
4,000 exactly for my mom to do it and
then ask you what I did guys this is
what happens in the end my brother does
challenges and I have to clean up after
him what can we do so mommy you run away
from the challenge yeah I'm scared
radiant okay yeah I was really bad
actually like in the beginning I was
just a shop so I couldn't really
describe what I was going through but
the second time around was the worst
because like when you stay under it for
little like even like 1/2 seconds trust
me it just your that's when your body
starts like stinging so I don't
recommend it like for some people
because it could be dangerous to your
house but yeah like if you can handle it
like you it's pretty fun cuz it's that
like element of shock and like it's just
something you don't know what to expect
but yeah it was kind of scaring me
alright guys I'll see you I look like a
mess section so yeah you know move on
bumbles
what's wrong very surprised what more
bugs is doing would you be good you left
your cat in shock
look at him you know you can't think
what to say to your behavior
alright guys it's been a couple hours
from when we did the challenge I shoot
it really fresh now okay I'm gonna end
the vlog here sorry we didn't do much
example much
challenged by pretty much got paralyzed
after that so if that didn't make you
laugh smashing like button
we'll see you guys in another video
yonder Yoda liquor bubbles right now
good who's a good boy
Yolo Yolo boom
