good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so we're currently going to go pick
up the Range Rover it just finished its
service and I thought I'd make a
different type of video for you guys
today on how much it costs to own a
Range Rover Sport and I think it's only
right to record it once we're in the
Range Rover or we get it back at least
so I'll see you guys at the service
center and we can start this video
alright we're finally here at the Land
Rover service center to pick up our
Range Rover I'm just going to waiting in
the seating area at the Land Rover place
me and my mom were just having our
coffees as you can see I got like a hot
chocolate
voila can you see that like this really
pure hot chocolate it's good if you
really like chocolate but like this is
just sorting out all the paperwork for
now and we should have the car and we'll
be good to go to discuss some of the
running costs of a car like this
I'm just trying out these videos because
I think you guys always want to know how
much it is and you will know prices I
thought I'd do this video and yeah we'll
just have this as a test to see if you
like it
I almost forgot to show you what they
have this huge map across the wall like
let's try and find where the United Arab
Emirates is that we are right now so it
should be okay there I found it straight
away UAE the capital which is Abu Dhabi
and let's see where else can we find
United Kingdom obviously London that's
where we just moved from like a couple
months ago and yeah that's pretty much
it okay let's not forget about Australia
down here in the bottom that's pretty
cool imagine having one of these like
huge like I'm saying a huge cos look at
my body that is like way bigger than my
body but imagine having one a pee
at your house they'll be pretty awesome
right so I think it's about time that we
started discussing how much it costs to
own a Range Rover Sport
now the first cost I'm going to discuss
to you guys about is the service cost
now every single car in the world has
service and it's one of the main things
that everybody talks about they're
probably wondering how much does it cost
for a car like this to get service now
before I tell you I'm going to tell you
this only applies to our Range Rover and
the reason is if you have a 2014 or
newer model of Range Rover you're going
to have to bring it in once a year
however if your car is older than that
you need to bring it twice a year so you
can see the big difference it's going to
almost double your costs now although it
is twice a year even if you do drive
this 13 thousand kilometers within a
month that you do have to bring it in
but we're just assuming you don't drive
the car too often now you're going to be
looking at approximately nine hundred
and fifty dollars per service now I
think that's pretty fair saying it is
kind of like a luxury four-wheel-drive
view whoo so nine hundred fifty dollars
is not too bad per year I guess if
you're not going to be driving this car
to Optive however in our case I think we
have driven it much more another cost
that a lot of people always talk about
is the tires of cars now the Range Rover
is a big car to go drive and it has
pretty big tires as you can see now
you're probably asking how much is it to
replace one tire it cost you about six
hundred and eighty dollars per tire now
I know it might sound like a lot but if
you think
compared to a normal car it does have
some pretty big tires and that's why it
is more pricey so the brakes are
something else you need to take into
consideration when owning a car like
this now assuming nothing abnormal has
happened and all your brakes are just
finished because of wear and tear all
sets of brakes are going to cost you
about two thousand dollars to change
okay the price is adding up very quickly
now why are people honking us man stuck
in traffic now the final cost I want to
discuss with you guys is the petrol so
petrol is one of the main things when it
comes to owning a car although it's not
something that is going to vary a lot
when it comes to each car I thought I'd
discuss it with you guys anyways now
before I tell you how much it costs per
month to own this car I want you guys to
realize that we live in Dubai and
compared to UK and us the petrol prices
here are very cheaper so at the moment
we're running very low on petrol so I
thought would be the best time to show
you how much it costs for a full tank
because I'm not sure if you can see
already but we're pretty much low and
empty on fuel what
I've never seen this before shout out to
whoever watches my videos from Ireland
we are just passing the Irish village
now the final cost when it comes to
owning a car or the final main cost is
petrol so petrol is something you have
to fill to have your car moving and it
can vary a lot when it comes to
different cars now before I tell you the
price or show you should I say I'm gonna
just mention that because we live in
Dubai petrol prices are gonna be way
different than of people living in UK
and the United States so I know a lot of
you viewers are from there but petrol
here is much cheaper than it is there so
at the moment we're currently running
very low on petrol or pretty much empty
and I thought it'd be bad to show you
how much it costs to fill up a fuel tank
on this car we made it to the petrol
station with a basically empty tank
we're gonna see how much it costs to
fill up and I'll tell you guys after we
do it all right
the gas is being filled so we filled 78
litres for 138 Durham's now let's just
round out to 80 liters because I'm
guessing a full tank would be 18 years
and that comes out in dollars to about
$45 which is pretty cheap compared to
how much it is in other countries for 80
litres of petrol so that is that and
that is the final major cost to only a
car now I know there's obviously bigger
costs but those are like maybe if
something gets broken and let's just
hope that nothing does no no the car
next door just flashed us
ah we just washed their cars we're
passing by the Grand Hyatt Hotel and I
want you to actually tell you this is
one of the nicest hotels I've ever been
to is so gorgeous I was there my
grandparents like two or three years ago
and I have to say hands down it is very
beautiful anyways we have no idea where
we're going now because my sister and
the worse when it comes to finding
addresses her site now I was just taking
her everywhere please I know how to get
home I lost today you will know how to
get home and you've been driving us to
make it so me and my sister just spotted
there's something leaking out of the car
I'm not sure if that's petrol oil or
whatever it is but it looks like yeah
petrol or oil one of them it doesn't
look like wash I spent it I mean very
try a sample of it
it doesn't smell like petrol a told us
is probably the water from the AC that's
turned on so no worrys is it's kind of
from all four that's why you got worried
right what is that but apparently it's
fine because it's just because the AC is
turned on my mom was trying to make me
jealous with some galaxies yeah though
I'm not going to give you guys okay show
them what it is it's so melted that you
cannot you have to drink it not even eat
you have to legit drink it you see that
that's disgust so can you tell the vlog
what you're doing right now I mean but
mommy's cooking Oh oh my gosh it's going
everywhere who are you hiding from
there's no one in this parking I don't
want to be blocked no one like I tell
you know how many people watch this yeah
how many people are gonna watch this
vlog instead you're scared of like two
people watching you in the parking and
there's about let's say 40,000 people
that are gonna watch this Wow yeah you
told me y'all show them my new dieting
skills uh each other love my shoes the
vodka open any second what the hell is
this here we go I think we need to do
the $50 shoe shopping challenge it's
gonna rip Oh Oh too much donate a shoot
a lot Oh what the hell is this I don't
know what next Jenny but right in the
middle of the mall how you gonna leave
you barefoot by Jeff socks at least no
I'm really not
it's gonna be shoes monsoon no you don't
get to spend money on shoes flash shoes
you know what's extremely annoying any
type of office or work
my sister was in the bank for about an
hour and she's still not done so I'll
just get this through I'm gonna go into
the car and do some editing
jyi was quick we're going to floor
number six it's been about like 25
minutes and I finally see my other
sister walking over there you go you can
see them waving at the camera
no wonder they took so long she went and
got that Eddie rubbish with her it's
open what I thought you want to edit yes
I should drive and you're gonna edit
your video yes go go I got ed in my I
know we my lovely you know you me one
day
I just so tired today her Lord unity
like I did I had correctiy and it's so
powerful makes you believe in the carrot
correctively wakes you up is like in my
brain like probable the bone as soon as
I have I feel so good although I haven't
planned anything special for 100k
subscribers my sister to get into our
own hands to surprise you guys so that's
up yeah so I thought why don't we make
the sub use a song I was thinking about
this for a long time now and obviously
we had plans to do it in the studio but
I thought what better way to make this
at home like it's like a whole cooked
meal but it's gonna be a home-cooked
song
I hope so it's gonna be more realistic
to be more wrong
natural so we're going to do the
solution song using any sort of
equipment we have a home others pots and
pans or light so if you guys ever see
something label these instruments using
home furniture and equipment as
instruments this is cooler even more
cooler like I'm sure we would love to
see that
if you ever see some booza song released
on my channel don't click on it
expect disappointment you guys you're
gonna love it
this is much better than extraction
everyone loved it when they have their
home-cooked meals like more than we're
gonna have a home cook some blues a song
yeah
I'm excited for this we're going to be
taking bubbles out today you can see in
bialy because he sees my mom outside and
basically you really loves to go out
before we try taking them both out
leashes and it did not work wise he
shows when he sees my mama outside is I
was she doing out there but yeah we
tried to take them out with leashes and
they kind of got scared of the leashes
and ended up running and it was it was
very hectic if you know I mean so we're
gonna just try and put his collar on in
case he runs away and just kind of
follow him outside hoping he won't
suddenly run because there's still
kittens and last time a couple bucks
back we actually did lose him so that is
why we don't like to like let them out
without their leashes by guess it's time
to try that's why you put them like we
put this cage outside but the door is
only towards inside today you kind of
get a smell of the house and outside if
you know I mean so maybe he'll be more
used to it and come back and I think
slowly we can kind of get him used to
going out and coming back we'll just
have to see so because it's his first
time out we're taking some precautions
this is to stop him like climbing up the
tree and jumping over that's to stop him
running away from under the door and
this is all just in case like he
suddenly panics and tries to run so I
think my mum should have something
around here so there you go there's
boxes on there so he can't like jump it
I hope you can't anyways because
sometimes they panic and they just start
running around they don't know what to
do I'm hoping it's going to be a success
and we can just let them out like every
single day and that way they can get
used to if you know what I mean we'll
just have to see anyways okay time to
bring Boas outside come on Rose he
always loves going outside and now when
we open it come on up come come oh my go
go go look at him I think he's excited
yeah I know I'm what's up
okay please don't do anything dumb
bubbles come on bubbles yeah
he's scared he's panicking is he going
in did you go inside yeah I knew he's
too panicked he's way too scared what's
wrong we're letting you come out he's so
scared you see that that's the reason he
panics he wants to go back inside yeah
we closed it off he's going to the same
place I think this is actually a success
like he's walking around he's enjoying
it I just hope nothing happens to freak
him out
and make him do something weird so if we
just continues like this we can try this
every day but as I said there's still
like kick technically kids so less than
one years old and yeah I don't want the
other cats like beating them up or
scratching them up that's why we're like
so proportionate when it comes to them
on the other hand we have kitty kitty
hates being outside honking it's a small
walk look we're not forcing you to do
anything come on please hum bubbles
bubble bubbles here I can't come next to
me yeah that's a good boy all right guys
I'm gonna end today's vlog here but I've
been looking at myself and I've kind of
got bored of the haircut I've been
rocking with I mean it does look good
but is that any other haircut you think
will suit you so at the moment I'm kind
of rocking that hood you gonna say
comb-over fluffy I don't even know the
name of my haircut but that's why I've
been walking for a couple of months now
believe it or not before you guys might
remember it I used to have that Justin
Bieber like bowl haircut and I think
it's time we should start trying to look
at something else
but I don't want it to be a major flop
so I might just wait on it but let me
know in the comment section what type of
trim do you think will suit me cuz I
don't know she's getting a bit boring
now you guys always sing the same
hairstyle I might just start rocking the
house
again maybe go for like some long sides
and wear a hat who knows I think we
should change up but let me know if you
guys enjoyed today's how much does
living with a Range Rover cost or
whatever the names going to be I saw a
video on YouTube which I found really
interesting or how much does owning a
Bugatti cost and that's why I did how
much is a regular cost so let me know if
you did enjoy it and yeah hit the like
button if you want to see how much does
a Lamborghini cost to own for now to
spin your boy MO and yeah your your
squad for life yeah leo no pace
