I believe I can tell I believe I can
toast
yo yo yo guys welcome to another vlog so
you might be wondering mo why are you
wearing a hoodie inside it's actually
getting fairly chilly now here in Dubai
I slept with this last night and I know
you're probably like what really it's
that cold it's a bit chilly so I think
I'd rather wear this then get a cold
anyways we're doing something fairly
exciting today we're going to I've life
you don't know what that is it's like a
tube with loads of air pushing you up
and it's kind of like going jumping out
of an airplane without jumping out her
everything it's just like really fast
wind that blows you up I'm just going to
have my dinner or lunch actually right
now so we can go
now turn left then immediately turn the
Sat Nav instead of log now turn left
anyways I was trying to say do you guys
have that like t-shirt or whatever is
that your parent a
hello
what the hell is due out here today so
we have to be there you can probably
tell we don't have the Range Rover
stewards did it service
you know what's really funny we're on
our way and there's a white Aventador
behind us I'm gonna try and show you in
the mirror
I'm not sure if you can see a little
reflection but yeah because we're it's
such a rush we just had to park in a
normal parking which is completely fine
we had no time to search for valet
because we have to be there like right
now so at this very moment we're already
late but hope they're not mad with us or
anything it's just my sister's fault
completely blamed on her she gets ready
in like five hours
let's go anyways before we get any more
later than we are we finally made I got
that electricity shock we made it to the
I fly if you're wondering what it is I'm
not sure if you can see there there's
someone floating in mid-air anyways
let's go inside and try it for ourselves
my sister has trouble she's a male
turned to female resident so I'm not
pregnant I way I think I don't weigh
over 115 everything seems good proceed
okay here is my ticket you got yours too
you started way before me you just
finished now let's go Sandman a Santa
Iron Man and it's for sale yeah that's
why I want to go first question how much
I just asked how much Iron Man Santa's
in seventy thousand dirhams which
equates to like twenty three thousand
dollars so pretty good right are we
getting the the VVIP responses
it seems good yeah for sure
ready to fly yep I was my childhood
dream yeah yo look at that look at that
guy look at that guy he's doing the eye
flight thing in there oh he's there your
honor oh yeah I remember oh it's a girl
damn girl you good
Oh oh boy I scary
we have been here one wait no no and all
honestly I have been here once and I was
awful like very very bad was just this
first time trust me when I say it's much
harder than it looks because it is I
don't know how we're going to do it's
just probably gonna be like the most
ridiculous thing we do this I know check
this out it's a I fly to a parachute I
think hello I know which is on the video
and you guys watch the video and focus
on hand signals and butterfly position
okay maybe we take about five minutes
when these babies are come back during
your flight the instructor will give you
hand signals to communicate with you
they will help you adjust your body so
you have a relaxed flight experience
alright so we just finished on the
briefing hello
I did you it was good ready to fly
yeah let's see if you still remember
they had single arm so when you are
flying if I show you this thing you know
what you have to do straight leg
straighten your legs perfect hands in
front of your eyes and legs all the time
straight you wanna try yeah can I try it
that is all right there with your hand
here the Batsuit are fair game some real
how to do nine their salonist turn to
perfect the flying I've got the rush
unflexible back ever
okay you're late again yes you aren't
here some of you Mike you're basically
fine good luck doing that in there yeah
it's getting suited up now I think she
takes a small maybe yeah it seems like
you're fit okay I think I'm ready to fly
this is apparently the room for birthday
parties
Wow okay so there's these TVs imagine
hanging like Playstations yeah that'd be
pretty cool
going inside is very loud
okay if I start shouting on the rug I'm
sorry I just can't hear anymore
if you tight okay it's good it's good
is my sister's turn to have her ear
plugs good knowledge like this
okay we had an amazing picture idea told
to us we can rip this girl's about it
okay I'm sorry whoever that is okay I
think it's time to fly let's go and do
it we're gonna be going into this tunnel
and flying yeah that's the plan anyways
I hope we can be flying I'm actually
very nervous right now because I looked
at the kids doing it really hard it's
very hard trust me watch you can we have
like the most awesome instructor ever
you see the hopefully make us go good or
cool let's go oh okay look up look up
she's all over the place if she do she
thought he will follow the basic
instructions okay not bad not bad
Oh Guinness oh you're doing good you're
doing good keep it up
he's actually not too bad
that is so cool
but look at her legs guys oh okay
what a landing
the wind's blowing come back run
I was good
okay guys it's my turn to go in wish me
the best okay no brothers just got in
let's see how my brother does he's done
this before but this is like second time
he's entered hold up everybody what the
hell was I doing I'm watching the clips
right now and I realized I look like a
complete retard when I was flying like
look at me what the hell is going
through my head I was so shocked that my
hands were all over the place and at one
point in the next step you're about to
see this one this clip right here I was
so excited that I was going up that I
completely forgot to lift up my legs
they were all over the place it was
hideous
I mean ah I'm sorry for that I'm going
to give the commentary back to my
sister's point the stems legs up right I
walk to the door which is like the
really funny part
okay let's see if we can do this Oh
we noticed my brother's hair is sticking
out of his helmet like in different
parts it is so funny he doesn't realize
that your it sounds like sticking out of
the little sections of the helmet your
hair is sticking out of your helmet
really yeah like a little part yeah okay
I'm not sure if you could tell my hair
is a complete mess right now but I know
take out these earbuds so I know how I
sound okay I actually was talking really
quietly and I realized yeah that was one
of the like it was just insane that's
what I can say it was really fun so we
just finished our session there's no USB
has all the footage on it so once I get
home I'll see if I can use that for the
video as well because we need to finish
guys the video that I'm supposed to have
ready for today is not even ready or
uploaded and it's like five or six
o'clock so it's going to be such a
headache now when I get home
what car was that I'm saying that I love
my new clothes like like it's amazing
and they're really comfortable
I'm gonna do challenges you have video
of myself Indies okay I'm going to spend
$250
I'm dig myself out is really good and
honestly it makes you like pushes you
find good deals
obviously like when you not
yo that looks so cool that's insane okay
after a rush inside now and get my video
edited I am so screwed like you know I
remember when I went to school I was
like oh I hate deadlines I hate them
putting us under pressure why can't I
take my time with things but now that I
do YouTube deadlines is like the worst
thing for me like every single day I
have to get video out and I feel like
that's a responsibility for me because
you guys enjoy it I don't want to let
you down so I'm gonna go inside and work
my buff to get this video out so it
should be out hopefully so guys we just
wanted to show you a kitty and bubbles
are really cute basically bubbles is
trying to groom kitty and kitty is just
pushing him away with her arm as you can
see when Kitty moves her tail like that
it means that she's really happy so and
actually I mean yeah they always fight
like that so it's normal like it's a
love-hate relationship yes yes yes okay
if you guys can't tell why I'm so happy
you guys saw was in a rush and I had not
had any video available it's finally
ready and the video is the one two days
ago the luxury to buy lifestyle
billionaire boys okay I'm not a
billionaire but I thought I'd be a nice
addition to the name anyways if you
haven't watched that video I know it's
already older than this but let's just
watch the first ten seconds
oh boy I know you guys probably all
watched it but come on man that was an
amazing vlog I'm gonna take my
skateboard and try and skate to my mum
she's at the supermarkets apparently so
awkward holding one of these as I say
she's at the supermarkets should I turn
off the lights I'm not sure I'll just
leave that one on and I'm gonna meet up
with her halfway because I'm bored
sitting at home please have a key on it
yes it does the store has a key on it
okay no cats outside sounds good I
actually left without telling my sister
I'm gone so she might be freaked out
when she sees I'm not home but that's
her fault not mine okay my mom's calling
me I think actually no that's my sister
I told you she'd get worried let's see
what hello okay I just finished a phone
conversation with my sister she was
super scared to die where are you I was
like choo choo I just left and he should
get freaked out she found out because
she would just call me and see no one's
answering but I thought she was in the
toilet I don't really want to walk
upstairs the land oh there's mommy more
let me get that so what's up MA
grocery shopping
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here guys
but I needed to show you something
really awesome now this could be the
start of something I guess I just got
this picture set to my email look how
awesome that is that's really really
cool it's done by and tried and bro
thank you so much for that picture and
if you guys want me to see your fan art
please tag me on instagram because when
you at me it just goes down in the feet
and I'd already see it so tag the photo
so it comes into my tagged photo section
and please don't tag photos that aren't
related to me because I do get that it's
kind of annoying scrolling through
trying to find the
you guys send just for me so yeah thank
you so much for that fan art it looks
really dope I'm gonna print it out how
about that we can start a printing fan
mail
you can send me fan though if you're
unable to send it I'll start printing it
that's a pretty cool idea
also I wanted to talk to you guys about
another thing so at this very moment I'm
recording the video I'm on 99 thousand
subscribers holy moly
and because I do have a one and a half
let's just a two day gap between when I
release my blogs so today's day will be
put out in two days time I know I'm
probably going to be a hundred K when
this video is released and I want to say
thank you so much so being completely
honest at this very moment I haven't
planned anything for a hundred K and the
reason is I put so much effort into my
normal blogs making a special video it
seemed that the ones I make every day
aren't special and trust me
they really are to be like the one I put
out today I spent so long editing it and
you guys enjoyed it so much like it's
been an hour and it hits 6,000 views
that is incredible with so many likes so
I know you guys enjoyed that type of
vlog and yeah I really do put in the
work and I'm glad when you guys enjoy it
so I just wanted to say a huge thank you
from now I might look like a complete
idiot if I do have a special video out
in two days or if I do one in the future
but as of yeah I haven't planned
anything just because I've been so busy
with the normal vlogs and yeah I hope I
can do something special but we'll just
have to see if I don't just want to say
another thank you right now and yeah I
love you all
Yolo Yolo peace
