good morning guys and welcome to a
special vlog so this is the vlog I was
waiting for a couple of days today we're
going to go and meet up with a load more
supercars we're going to be going to the
Burj Khalifa and the Vergil are which
are two of the most luxurious places
here in Dubai and yeah it's generally
going to be an awesome day I'm using my
new selfie stick if you couldn't tell
already and it's time to go to this
amazing event okay there's my sister
she's finally out and it's good time
although we just arrived at the Virgin
amoeba and there's an insane lineup so I
came around the car to record a bit for
you my sisters get in the car I just can
see over there but oh my god today is
going to be another turn-on day
I'm going to give you a rundown - for
the cars I'm not sure if they're all
here for the event but regardless they
are beautiful so we have an Aventador
here matte black then a gloss black
Aventador followed by a rolls-royce a
McLaren I'm laughing because there's so
many beautiful cars here a Bentley and
Aston Martin I think I can keep going on
forever but I'm just gonna quickly speed
walk this so this doesn't get way too
long we have Ferraris here the four five
eight the rock end again
I don't even know where they parked our
car there's so many cars here that it's
just like where'd you park
all of them anyways I think we might be
joining the supercar clubs here because
there's so many we just wasn't really
joining them before so maybe if you guys
loved the vlogs where we all come out in
these cars okay that is the end of the
line and we have an amazing view there I
have no idea where our car is to be
honest I did not see it in this lineup
so for those of you wondering this
Lamborghini Huracan actually has trod
lines I think it's the first one I've
seen in person it looks very subtle but
nice at the same time so it's got the
blacktron lines there I think this
actually looks really really nice I'm
gonna take a couple photos of this my
Instagram but there is a load of amazing
cars all right we're gonna go back
inside where where is this place that
we're having our breakfast it just looks
so nice I don't know it's actually cool
though
we actually took pictures here for a TV
I'm guessing I don't know what it's for
there's so many supercars at the moment
so pretty hard
oh you're in this car yeah I love the
gutter wow they do you oh my god okay
I'm gonna leave you guys to it that's so
gorgeous
my ears
Oh
jeanna be on the video you don't mind
I'll just put your car non c'Ã¨ if you
don't want to be in it I don't care for
your feet you know that you're amazing
so as you can see we're half way into
our route there's so many cars I mean
this must be a really nice show from the
outside looking at it I'm in a car so I
have to look at all the footage later
but we have an amazing Rolls Royce next
to us
Waiver - you steal those super guys
I know a holiday I can only mean one
take
hey-oh
let's go dawn hi look baby you're so
dead found Oh
squad goals
we just made it to the Virgil era it
should be on our left right there
the doors are off on the Aventador lions
roaring in the Morning Sun such a father
long good day people feeling like the
light has just come we must never stop
the way
laughs is happy person
or gelareh they've got all the Christmas
decorations up I think
so as you can see we're inside the Burj
Al Arab it's absolutely beautiful here
they've got loads of decorations I mean
wow okay we're current you're going to
go to the 18th floor which is way up
there and have some lunch so that should
be pretty exciting last time we were
here we went over there to have my
sister's birthday but this time we're
going somewhere else wow this is so
beautiful
okay I'm gonna take a picture of my
sister I'm just fantasizing about how
gorgeous this page looks
and the view is incredible let me show
you the ceiling look at it and then I'm
going to go show you down but I'm really
scared of heights oh the cameras only
going past I am so scared of heights Wow
guys that is really really high
I just left the crowd because my sister
said there is an amazing view so let's
go check it out down this hallway is the
bathroom but look at this seating area
bearing in mind everything in the Burj
Al Arab which looks gold is gold-plated
so it is actually God wow this place
looks remarkable Jenna play a quick game
of pool imagine yeah we should head back
but this is so amazing
imagine getting lost in the virtual app
like okay imagine warehouse right now
I'm just going to take you through the
remarkable views they have so we just
came from the toilet and that seeing
area here he just all looks like it's
I'm a mega mega liking Sheree place you
can't go anywhere that looks wrong the
bathrooms here I will take it as my
house I'm going I'm joking here I would
take it as my house the key to success
is gold gold furniture got everything
here I joke DJ Khaled have you follow
this snapchat is hilarious this guy
always looks like the key to success
it's so funny anyways let's go down I
think we've missed a lot what the speech
you've been yep ah I really want a house
like this now that's rapping is this
what elevators were I completely forgot
where are the elevators okay I'm pretty
sure are you know they are there there
you go
the golden elevator is here I think for
the vlog this is the second time I've
been to the word lyric yeah I think it
finally got here
leggo Oh fancy fancy yeah okay you press
it so for those of you wondering the
virtual Arab is actually a five-star
hotel now they cool as seven star just
because it's so beautiful and everything
but technically it's a five star even
though it looks like a seven star wow my
ears are like popping that I think yours
at all
oh yeah that's guy important the most
amazing lobby ever look at this Wow
they decorated it for Christmas I'm
guessing it looks really awesome and
then you've got the aquarium on the way
down I think last time we couldn't even
get these nice shots this time and we
can actually really get I think it's
because it's brighter I wonder what's in
the boxes what type of presents do we
have just a huge gold bars anyways let's
go get the cars parked outside
nice benign Borja lab see you next time
see you soon hey are you Lana Rose are
you Lana Rosen you're the famous girl
they're bringing our car in from the
basement because we had so many super
cars
they couldn't even park outside so all
of the cars went down into that private
parking
really let's go
Wow look at look at the ocean please Wow
guys we are currently on the bridge next
to the virtual Arab but this is such a
views I'm just going to take a minute to
embrace this view that we see right now
so you want another photo oh my god
you take your cover selfies while I show
them the nice view we have so obviously
we just parked the car on the side look
at the beach I mean even the beach is so
beautiful at the moment it reflects on
them real quick that Kure yeah we ready
to take you some boys can I take some
pose with your cars oh yeah I'll take
one ambulance can take one of both of us
yeah for sure
they got both of them parked out I wish
there was a way you could get both of
them in the view see you later all right
ready all right so he finally made it
home but we forgot to fit on petrol so
we're just gonna quickly run to the
petrol station
with the carcass you're not running and
get filled up to be honest guys when I
say I had a really good time today
the real enjoyment of these events I
know all of your thinking arts because
you went to the nice places and their
cars it's actually just hanging out with
people that are into your type of stuff
so they like the supercars
engine is so loud I can't even speak
okay we're seriously like the best thing
is just hanging out with the people
there because they are really awesome
people and surprising enough like a lot
of people just have this stereotype that
people with these cars are nice but they
really are they're really nice genuine
people
and yeah that's all folks
okay so I go why I needed from the
supermarket my sister's currently
pumping some fuel and then we're good to
go home the reason why we came like now
and then just go home with in case we
come out one day we're in a rush and
don't have the time to fill up fuel
oh boy oh boy what a day we had let's
just kick the door whoa how is your day
by the way guys let me know if you do
enjoy these event by like smashing the
like button or just commenting that you
do because these events are stuff we
could easily go to we've just started
doing it recently and if you guys want
to see more we can just keep going
because who doesn't like supercars
together in a group revving alright
let's go inside I think in today's vlog
I showed like most of the luxury side of
device so we're actually heading back
out again I'm on my Segway I'm sorry if
this annoys do you find yourself you'll
get annoyed by the noise of the Segway I
just love swegway around just so fun
sometimes but we are gonna go back out
now being my sister I've got a little
meeting I guess we can call it as little
me because we're being someone or some
people anyways and yeah just for like a
little discussion anyways nothing like
business c4 nowadays and yeah I'm gonna
go there take you guys with me I don't
think you're going to come into the
meeting or discussion with us but I'll
let you know what happened after if I
can so yeah let it go
so it's actually pretty funny the
meeting we're having is in the Burj
Khalifa we map here this morning and
we're back here at night but at night
the view is actually nice I think
because of all the nice lighting and
everything I look at the road
it's all like these layoffs palm trees
then obviously we have the war found and
everything
look at that view at night guys on the
verge is completely lit up we're
currently still in the meeting but I
came to the toilet and once I came out I
couldn't help but show you again not the
Christmas tree but we're currently on
the 120 second floor of the Burj
Khalifa's Sol look down there
that is one scary fewer like out of our
six 700 meters into the sky right now
and yeah this is just look my hand is
basically in the air anyways I'm gonna
go back to the meeting and I just have
to just share this experience with you
guys look at the view you have the whole
of Dubai here wow that's incredible guys
alright guys we are finally home after a
very very eventful day look who's
outside with us who's a good boy i I
really don't show you these guys anymore
on the vlog they're kind of missing out
Toby what you reckon
you've got Toby outside now and grumpy
so this is Toby Grumpy's the black guy
so what are you doing they don't want
you to have fun but you know what we do
we have fun
they don't like it I would have enough
that today was the luxury side of Dubai
like mega luxury and I hope you did
enjoy it I don't show it every day but
today was an event that we showed
everything on the finer side so if you
did make sure to smash the like button
share this video with your friends and
yes subscribe to the channel mo blogs
out Yolo Yolo
okay I'm sorry some guys told me not to
kiss pretending bye-bye okay
