hey guys welcome to another video I'm
starting this video of quite late I've
actually been really busy editing the
car vlogs you guys would have seen like
two days ago
they took loads and loads of editing not
because I did anything fancy for them
but just because they were so long and I
had to shorten them down a lot but at
the moment I'm outside here with Toby
basically I don't know what it is today
he's really really angry and he keeps on
trying to jump at Katie and bubbles so I
was like maybe he's just like in a bad
mood so maybe I can come outside and
cheering up Oh Toby
I don't know what it is she's like in a
bad meekness I just came outside to give
her some company
as always but he was really trying to
attack you in bubbly right behind the
because we always leave this thing open
like you can see I'm not sure if you can
see what it is it's like this thin
material you can like the only thing he
can't do is get past it obviously but
you can obviously hear them and stuff
and he was trying to hit the cat's
probably like he was probably trying to
scratch them and I was like okay let me
go outside and try and calm him down
held up Toby what's up
and that's basically why I've been doing
the whole day today
whoa all right this hasn't been done for
a while
Moe with the Hat nope this is new okay
I'm not gonna keep wearing it don't
worry I know a lot if you don't like me
wearing a hat but today I felt really
lazy to fix my hair and I chucked it on
so hopefully you don't mind it's just
gonna be a one-day thing for now I'm not
saying I won't wear it at the end of the
future but we're getting ready to go out
today I think no vlog is going to be a
bit of a lazy day to be honest with you
guys like you I'll talk to you guys
while I'm wearing my shoes all right
come on let's get it in oh yeah but
today's gonna be a more relaxed Logan
the reason is that's just how I feel
today the vlog is starting at like 9
o'clock half past 9:00 and yeah that's
ridiculously late for a boat to start
but it's alright we'll make it dude I
didn't want to not vlog for today even
though I felt really like tired I guess
tired that's the word so let's just get
ready and switch up the day from now
let's just it's never too late to start
guys look at that look at that that's a
video Oh what the hell yeah what the
hell as you can see my sister is
uploading a video oh my god I'm so proud
I'm so proud of it's a ghost
look out what was the staring at you
he's out what no bubbles escape escape
the vampire he's scared
pony just like what the hell are you
doing you crazy girl yeah well we have
privacy in this house we wouldn't be
doing this how is the editing going Wow
so selfish and I was showing us the
video oh he's come under your tent he
wants to come in it whoa whoa is that
being a good boy you ruined the video
you see that yo fireworks you want some
of this bubbles you want some of this
your bubbles you want some of this
I'll give me some of this go wait why
are you coming next to me I don't like
you I don't like you oh he felt rather
lick himself before we go I want to show
you Lana again and tell me if you can
see what's different with all right boom
can you guys tell no no she's actually
blonde again
her hair color has started to fade away
and the old Lana is just back what the
hell it actually looks blonde let me see
okay now it's got a no maybe it's in
light it looks blonde Lana
2.0 throwback Thursday
hi let's go we're just messing around
now all right time to go they'd be
Fanning when they see me Davey Fanny
when they see me don't bomb oh but about
a better be me I just realized it's
actually cold
I know yeah when you said nice what I
was like what you mean what do you mean
oh when the weather is cold and you live
in Dubai what do you mean
Hey okay so we're here at the walk and
there's actually three Lamborghinis in
this hotel I'm not really sure maybe
they're like your group of Lambos they
did pretty cool so I must as I'll show
you oh yeah look at all these Lambos
guys it's Lamborghini clocks Audi
Lamborghini from Saudi Arabia okay this
is a Lamborghini club oh wow there's
even more pretty nice they've they've
even got an Aventador here and then a
Gallardo nice it's super super windy I
don't know if you can hear on the vlog
but it extremely with me it's making it
even colder you know I mean it's already
hot already see my my t-shirt blowing in
the wind we're back at the cinema to get
a hot dog
alright so I just asked to go watch the
spectrum movie guess what they said
the earlier showing is at half past
12:00 at night do you know I said the
only are showing is in two and a half
hours
yeah we're not watching it sorry guys
it's like 10 o'clock and the earlier
showing that is fast whoa
I'm going from yeah you're like okay
we're just going to have our hotdogs
that we ordered here whoa and then we
can just go for a little walk in that
head I guess today we're running into
like every single Lamborghini left right
and center
we had the Saudi Lamborghini squad then
we just have another Aventador this just
just chilling here you know just
randomly chilling behind me it looks
like the one we saw at the Motor Show it
actually does excuse me don't touch on
Lamborghini don't even get close to it
you're like your face is like oh yeah
you're like this is loves event I go oh
okay that's some weird lying
she got M&Ms I got these I love these
two bits you guys must know these are
they like these little cheese balls
that's the wrong way of saying it but
it's a really nice snack to have here
wow it's so busy I start I'm starting to
get back together Logan you out but
there's so many people walking along on
the side talking to myself on the camera
it's fine no you know I'm comfortable
especially when no one's around me not
even high you want some bozo
is it oh yeah is you know so it's
actually my sister's first time coming
to JB are not JB are we're coming to the
beach section at night right wow there's
actually a load of waves coming in today
you see them oh I hope it doesn't get it
to my foot
oh it's actually really wavy today do
you get it wavy I don't got no likes my
mum's on that selfish stuff what are you
doing are you vlogging my mom - oh oh oh
yeah it's getting close yo what you
reckon they're looking for labia is like
a treasure hunt going on yo yeah I see
people with lamps on the side maybe it's
a treasure hunt let me go asking I'm
Joey did hi I kind of got bored nothing
at the beach I even though you might
have not seen him for too long in the
vlog we sat here for a good half an hour
got kind of boring and as soon as I
stand up there's no more wind do you see
that no more
it's always my luck isn't it alright you
ready wait are we gonna walk around or
go home do you have any plans
okay so that's home typical mode just
takes them from the most impractical
routes okay I believe I think we're
getting somewhere we are don't worry
watch this you can just go up them
stairs
see I told you you'll make it they were
going to take us all the way around
there to get here and then we just had
like a little shortcut across here Lego
guys we're making our way to the
Lamborghinis I hear some revving so
let's go alright
another Lamborghini in the Saudi Arabia
Club
I think they're leaving one by one
that's pretty cool we got two of the
Lamborghinis leave old
more inside yo look at these guys
in the parking there's like loads more
hi
that is an eventful day now something
even better happened I just met someone
could pin badge if you guys know him I
feel so happy that we managed to come
out today because we saw so many good
things so a Lamborghini club you managed
to relax have some hot dogs and it was
just overall a really good day
I also you guys didn't see my Instagram
do you hear that
they hear the exhaust I believe it sure
if they can hear from you that's insane
hi let's go home Lambo club Saudi Arabia
you know whenever you want a spare guy
in the passenger seat let me know hey
your buddy we just got home hey you hey
Toby don't be in the middle of the road
that's dangerous look at this year we
just opened the door and your cat know
delete I'm really anxious be careful
because she wants to jump out are you
serious not jump up with this cats are
tough okay you open the door slowly
dessert no kidding on just angry with
the other tab yep they're probably in a
fight behind the window okay
it's kind of late at night it's half
past 12 but we decided to come out and
rinse down the Lamborghini what'd you do
switched on what like that light in the
street I just did that and I switched on
Wow
because every time I've noticed when we
drive by it switches on and off so
that's pretty awesome
but yes pretty late at night the Lambo
is completely filthy and if we are
planning on taking out soon we wouldn't
be able to because look at that look at
that it's hideous you know did you know
something up no I'm not sure I'm not
sure if you guys the viewers know this
or wait did you know that finding dory
is coming out soon
you know Finding Nemo yeah finding Dory
and Eden is Dori
you know Ellen oh she was yeah she was
before oh so she's Dory again yeah ash
pretty awesome so now that we're washing
the car guess what it reminds me of
working at the car wash then a thin it
doesn't net them working at the car wash
full speed ahead yoyoyo please don't get
on me uh that's Dirty Bird that's dirty
anyways I want to say today's vlog has
been much calmer tell me if you like
these type of vlogs I don't know I just
feel like I was more calming I wasn't
too energetic I that supposed to be a
bad thing but let me know you guys might
enjoy it more and I'm a bit more relaxed
on the vlog I just was really tired and
I guess all wow I just put my hand in my
pocket and I realized I've got
completely molten KitKat you see that
okay that needs to go in the fridge
alright
to be honest I don't think you made the
car much cleaner it still looks look get
this side you risk the spotter oh oh oh
no calm down calm down
chat chat turn it down low anyways as I
was saying while we were washing the car
we'll see you guys in another vlog this
is the end so if you did enjoy smash the
like button and yeah leave your
suggestions down below Yolo Yolo peace
it's how to take a wash outside let's go
