so quick to a finger Ruffini hey guys
were here welcome to another video today
we're going to be reviewing the
Lamborghini Huracan spider or reviewing
basically how it looks so when it first
came out we were very skeptical about
the car from the pictures we didn't know
if we liked it or hate it but now when
we see it it's absolutely beautiful
so pretty nicely
and the pack
so thank you for like a new spin see you
kind of see the looks of it so there is
the front the front pretty much is the
exact same but the back is what has
changed up so let's go around let's just
show the whole car I know loads of you
love watching in alright look at this
this is now pretty much where all the
changes happen so if you don't know how
a normal Lamborghini rock and boot looks
like it does not look like this so I
think we should go and show them how the
Hauraki and boot looks like so they can
have like a little comparison this is my
favorite
Halla games
for those who love to
this is the backbone of
it's actually the upgraded version
 stand
the regular version is pretty much the
same but these lines would continue to
meet and it just basically looks like a
bit more sporty this one looks much more
elegant and then we're going to go and
show you the spider's roof now so you
can kind of compare this you can
actually see the engine so there you go
so again hopefully you can see the
differences of this car with the rock
and other than the fact that it is
convertible this is with the roof down
and it just looks absolutely gorgeous I
love the color way I think it looks
amazing again there you can see my hand
just explaining the carpet alright guys
this is my sister's favorite card to be
honest she loves Aventadors okay close
the door I'll try and get you with you
like with the door open okay and let me
see if they can actually see give us
like a look back what's that it's
similar to our interior
it's got like the Alcantar is an oil
cantar
it feels a bit different
who would you trade this it
well I'm going to go show them the
outside of the car a little while she
sits and admires the inside here you go
wait try and look this way so you can
see wow this looks beautiful
Lana's new car so this is how it looks
like this inside the Aventador now what
did they say about this is the special
edition this is the special edition this
is I think it's the crew sorry it's the
rooftop and this is how it looks like
the same size incomparable Lamborghini
Aventador school the roadster
the aventador boats especially
comparable
the inside now the difference is between
this and our Moroccan guys is this has
got a screen instead like the Haraka
doesn't have a screen Aventador yeah so
all of these parts you see here these
are all carbon fiber they look amazing
I'm going to go outside the car it's
kind of a difficult hard to get out but
damn man this car looks beautiful yeah
just just leave the door open you know
that's that's my favorite part about
mint or just the doors but Wow
definitely the next car would be an
event through you guys will love it yeah
she's not really a person who likes to
so what she would get is probably the
roof version guy should get a coupe a
version very private
so there you go guys that is going to be
Lana's new car one day we'll make a blog
about it you guys will see a guy at the
Cooper key it's pretty much that one
it's the one with no roof because she's
not a convertible person I love
convertibles yeah she doesn't want
anyone to see her closely you know your
boy is going convertible on that imagine
one day I'll make a video food Lana's
new car and we'll actually have an
Aventador but for now we're just at the
event admiring these beautiful cars all
right we're gonna move on to the next
section guys but this orange looks so
nice I think because they're so shiny
they look so much better so all right
let's go say hi to some friends if you
did enjoy this video smash the like
button we'll see you guys with another
video and yeah share with your friends
so they can see this Evo Boogaard yeah
leo no pshh
