I woke up in a noble gas
I woke up in the attic
good morning guys I'm vlogging because
it's actually raining no way Wow look at
the car it's absolutely a mess it was
muddy and now draining on top of it to
make it okay if you're wondering why I'm
making a big deal out of it and you
don't know that I live at device doesn't
really rain here at all so this is a
pretty awesome check this out my sister
broke her blackberry they were just at
our house repairing it yeah we had like
this home service and that is how a
screen on a blackberry looks pretty
awesome right they finally repaired it
and bam you got like two blackberry
screens now so who wants this I'm giving
it doesn't work don't worry you don't
need this guys we're going to quickly go
pick up the Range Rover now and then
head off to the Motor Show again so hope
you enjoy my sister's joining us today
unlike yesterday so let's go have a
great day we're here to pick up the
Range Rover as I said we're kind of in a
rush because it's 8 o'clock and we want
to make it for the car vent our car is
right here so we're going to go get the
keys from inside my sister's just in a
rush to go and we should be at the event
at like Partain hopefully or solely I
know it's my sister's fault she takes
like years to get ready backed up the
photo show as I said I'm going to try
and find the cars I couldn't shoot
yesterday and yesterday's gloves
there's so many that I didn't manage to
shoot one of them I need to go find
where's the Bugatti where's the p1 this
is there's so many that you're lost in
this world of cars like wow look at this
Jaguar what you working this is it says
it's from the movie The Spectre I'm
reckon that's like a little demo up
there value but this looks really nice
so you've come to the McLaren section
you have 675lt there but that's not even
there more far we haven't have p1 over
there these are beautiful I love the car
it is
it's a price tag which was amazing I
really like
actually tell a big difference in how it
my brother just decided to sit inside a
McLaren and now I don't know how does it
feel like I should like it really okay
wait Smit dark we can't really see you
here that's so very comfortable yeah why
this move on before we don't get a
chance to see for the cars today I want
to really look for the Bugatti but I
just can't manage to find it
alright let's see if this is open okay
yes it is we're in luck boys we are in
luck this is now my it's now my Porsche
Turbo not not anyone elses why is she
coming in my car this is Mike excuse me
this is my car don't be so all right
come on
hi fine she doesn't want to come in but
see what you're doing in here look at
the interior I haven't actually seen one
of these before
looks pretty awesome you know we've got
the beat I'm not gonna use that yeah I'm
just gonna come out yeah exactly as I
love the fact that anyone home video
camera it's actually a turbo look at
this that is huge your sign exit
I could not imagine you in that car
yeah it's so big do you guys even know
what car is okay she's talking about the
me back and look on the inside guys this
you can like extend your legs as people
saying opposite you
it's like a whole like meeting inside
there look you got me with sound on that
side yeah
and it look at that look it's not like
an extended section in the middle okay
you're gonna be driving a imagine who's
sitting in the back no way I know I'm
going to get criticized for this a lot
but to be honest it feels me picking a
car no much it's just what about the
vents door but I'm a race boy I'm a race
boy for a feature you want to picture
about it I got I think you can convert
from Aventador Theresa I was like who
wants it so we just got five girls oh
you've got my mail
I'll pay up up to a hundred you know I
mean I'm good
email me the key ah coughing it up yo I
know I probably made like a separate
video about these guys but a good my
sister came to take some selfies and
then I'm just walking around in this
middle section is ready look at the
things you do for selfies we have to
wait for the car to turn to get the
right angle right yeah this one's even
going to be open you ready all right I
think it needs to turn a bit more
okay we're finally done in a lichen
section we've been here like 10 times
they know me by now every time I come in
to run I are sorry we just didn't get
the correct clips but finally finished
off here let's just move on and
hopefully we can get somewhere else
before it's all closed up we're going to
go inside the g-wagen finally oh wait
okay you press that down Wow the
interior looks very nice yeah you have
to pressure the guys exactly once they
do the vlog now a lot of you have
actually recommended to us like why
don't you change the Ranger up in this
crap you close the door making that
beeping noise there wait it's not
stopping a cat today did you wagon for
you guys I wanted us to see it my
mother's standing outside as you can see
you're fixing your mirrors if we're
gonna drive it okay let me fix up the
mirrors all right yeah okay we're gonna
go outside yeah all right let's go how'd
you open the door there you go pretty
awesome car I love the little touch of
the AMG on the side love the G Wagen
it's an amazing car somehow I've never
gotten the chance to be in one okay
that's 15 minutes left until this place
closes and we are on our search for the
Bugatti that one car we came for today
but we can't find out I know how oh boy
oh boy we found it
I woke up in a new Bugatti I woke up
didn't you
ooh God hi I think the back is the most
recognizable part of you guy don't you
think yes it's got like the whole engine
the spoiler everything I saw this on
Instagram some guy posted it what you
reckon this is cool
what's that those are body kits those
are body cuts on that Bentley yeah those
are body kits let's go take a look at
them it actually looks really nice
you wanna go into the classic car
section let's go you might as well
ah poor Lana she was telling me all we
need a car to get around here like a you
sit here I'm gonna be back okay last
session I promise last lecture luck yeah
nobody our she's such a motor all right
let's go because I know there's loads of
people are into like the you know
they're vintage cars and they're in that
mode you only show the good cars the
like not a good car is the brand new one
so might as well take a look at some of
these okay I have no idea what they are
I'm just going to show it quickly for
all of you guys because you probably
know I think it is yeah
j-john it's a Lamborghini Countach oh I
always made that for you know what's
funny it is one of 657 all right that's
pretty good collection of
the Lamborghini Countach something I
would love to see no shop your Huracan
for it let's see what it says
200 as well oh ok now at radius wow this
looks very old you know what's funny it
looks like a futuristic car even though
it's old it looks futuristic don't you
reckon yeah imagine like you're just
rolling down the street with that
everyone was like whoa everything
changes over time
yeah it's like it's completely changed I
would to be honest the Supersport like
cars that everyone yo could you imagine
like this was the die to get this car
back in the day
no but seriously look at the interior it
looks awesome
this is Lamborghini back in the day hey
this is another this is the same car we
saw over there it's another Countach but
this is the blue Wow but this one looks
more powerful because it's up to 300
kilometers an hour okay I know this is
going to be like the best of them
vintage car lovers if you know anyone
that novice car share this blog because
I think we've been through a lot of cars
today you drink that the buses I should
pick this car if she was back in the day
rather than the Lambo should you I can
tell it looks like a girly car it
doesn't look like a girly car there yeah
I can imagine
look at that look at the wheel it's
covered you reckon that flaps up I don't
know but it looks so much cooler right
yo it looks like this I don't reckon I'd
like that this car is older than that
model
that weasel by 20 years Wow this is
older than you this is older that it's
older than me and you added together
look at the size of this car compared to
the ID absolutely I mean I don't know if
who's gonna fit in the backseat it even
got to vaccines I think it's no way
George no I mean always like a Mexican
guy zoom in on it so you guys can see
because the back seats on that art I
look at that it's got like that little
tiny space for people wait I don't think
okay I'm definitely short you can't sit
there
okay and it's constant it's actually
constant here the first time they turned
on with much louder though this time
it's more constant you know I mean but
it's so nice
yeah that is awesome course that not
looks or some sounds awesome
mr. Bruce yeah like float more shows
closed
it's officially closed no they're
kicking us out even though the Motor
Show is finished I quickly have to show
you guys sneak peek of the p1 my
sister's looking at it over there in the
front but damn man look at it from the
back it looks awesome you know get dust
attack ticking from metal like it's
carbon fiber
yeah it's carbon fiber you see that you
see like the copper tone it has no this
is a lovely car I have to show you this
car this is the brand new Ford GT and
look absolutely stunning I mean what is
that body like look at the shape it's
got like a whole gap in between there it
is so beautiful words cannot describe it
I mean damn man this this is a really
gorgeous car actually don't even know
the price of these cars how much are
they let me know because I don't know
how much they are but I'm gonna move on
to my favorite car right now you guys
probably know it you know it you've
probably guessed it by now the Ford
Mustang now wait let me tell you exactly
which model this is here you go the
Mustang gt350 it looks gorgeous the
Shelby is all she'll be right there you
can see if you read it
Wow I'm sorry I just love this car more
than any other car in the world I think
it's because from a child I was in love
with Mustangs I remember I'd always
right
mom I want a Mustang especially when it
looks this good okay one little round
trip on it and then that's good to go
not this these are cool okay so you guys
might be wondering what did the police
get around with in Dubai okay this is
what they get around with I a they got
the Porsches they got the GTRs they've
even got the Bentley's that's your
favorite the I the i8 and it's really
nice I'm just admiring the police cars
now that's all I'm doing of it imagine
if they gave you the keys to these cars
boom might be out I feel bad for you no
I
my feet are actually hurting everywhere
use I'm wearing Jordans which are
comfortable shoes and do you use an
exhibition
yeah we made it out exit whoa we made it
I think it's that way yeah we came from
this a there we came in the middle
busy busy day today busy busy day did he
find it
did he find it fun no no so none it
turned out in the hood whose you saw the
elevator and it wasn't on until someone
activate the sensor
oh boy I'm tired for today I'm it's 11
o'clock
it's really bad now that the event is
over look I am to the barking is am i
driving all right give me all right
I'll Drive no worries no worries yeah
yeah I know I'm so tired alright let's
open the car I don't even want this car
anymore like but not I've seen
everything else why are you driving this
man yeah they've actually back it I
don't even wait have they cleaned
another looks bro so it's the end of the
day and we're just going home what mama
does this one do this exit yeah so we
just finished in the car show I hope you
guys enjoyed that and my brother is
driving us yeah I'm really focused I'm
sorry guys that's why I'm not vlogging
I'm really tired because I've been
walking around in heels which is not a
good idea when you're in such a big
event
that was awesome no life if you love
cars that is 100% the event to be a kiss
dad there was everything
I'm so hungry we missed out dinner today
and now it's like 11:30 so but no idea
you know it's funny like your look
anguish so flop clothes I mind if I wait
you know I'm so tired that like I can't
hold my hand up like the lazy look I
just like hold it straight in front of
your face yeah
what is the speed upon this road
I've no idea I think I'm great way below
and once overtaking me we just made it
to our area
hello hello hello I love everybody all
right yeah let's go homie we got past
the security yet
you guys can barely see me it's at night
I just invented something right now in
my head imagine having this year imagine
having the clip on camera to your
steering room so when you're vlogging
you'll just turn with you thank our I'm
sorry I'm sorry we'll get busy
this is no way what is that word you
just used nauseous or there's a puddle
don't go in it we just got the car team
oh yeah my bad I was about to go to pod
would mess up the car over the bumps
slowly slowly and then you speed off my
sister just shattered my dreams of
becoming a driver all I wanted in life
was to be a professional if I was your
car fiery
like that it makes me feel sick right
now before I go inside I want to say
happy Diwali to everybody celebrating I
know a lot of you've been commenting
down below so yeah anyways guys I'm
going to wrap up today's vlog here but
before you click off I need to ask you
guys something or tucci about something
so you guys know I know it's getting
repented by now the only goal of closing
stuff I've been talking about but I need
to really like specify on it because
other times I've been talking about
really briefly now loads of you have
been sending me designs young Yolo more
vlogs your your squad and stuff like
that but i think i'm not sure if i
didn't mention maybe it was my fault but
can you guys try and find like a logo
just the logo so no writing no your
squad know y'all know just for now I'm
not saying I won't do that or anything I
just want to see how I look right so if
you can think of really creative like
designs maybe with the three-finger logo
and stuff like that but just the logo so
no right or no like MV more vlogs your
your squad yo yo just get rid of all of
that try and see if you guys can come up
with a really cool logo just so I can
compare I'm sorry I asked way too much I
should be doing this but I just I'm
telling you guys no but you guys are
awesome with your design so thank you
very much for them oh yeah
okay so so I just ready call it now and
it was like because I remember when I
did eyes like you chat an ice-bath
challenge I said hit 4,000 likes for my
mom to do it and one of you commented if
we hit 5,000 then Londa has to do so I
completely agree if we hit the video of
the ice BOTS challenge to 5,000 likes
instead of my mom doing it we'll stop it
to Lana doing it so that seems like a
pretty fair deal agreed everybody yes my
mom completely agrees because she
doesn't want to do a chance I'll leave a
link to that video if you haven't
watched it and if you have 5,000 likes
even though I very much doubt it was
something for my mom to Lana
anyways that has been your boy mole for
today who's she got there
Yolo Yolo peace
