yeah everyone good morning welcome back
to another video so today we actually
have something very very special in our
house I think it's time to show you say
hello to our new bicycle
here you go guys this is our new ride
for today in case you guys are wondering
what this is it's a Polaris slingshot
this is a three-wheeled motorcycle so
pretty much today my friends over at
deals on wheels gave me this car to try
out so let's go and take this bad boy on
a ride by the way it's a manual bike car
bike the last time I drove a manual was
three years ago when I passed my driving
test wait five years ago so today we're
gonna see if I still remember how to
drive and if I crash I'm sorry it gives
a little still let's go for a ride
are you ready gonna do you know how to
drive when you broke I drove the car
here I just saw you coming and you
switched off bro it doesn't matter about
that I got the car here safely I can
teach you how to drive I could drive
better than you oh my god let's go how
do I know it's recording yeah it's
recording I here goes nothing it's time
to drive a manual car engine on
all right oh it's time to go you ready
I'm sorry I can't drive honestly
speaking this car is actually so much
fun it's just not your ordinary car it's
got three wheels it's got almost 200
horsepower for a bike which is pretty
impressive and the main thing is you
just have loads of fun with this ideas
right now we're just going around I
think it's maybe like a weekend car it
just ruins your ass so right now it is
actually Lana's turn to drive are you
ready
if you switch off I'm gonna laugh so
hard are you give me the stick I don't
know what you're doing with a stick bro
I don't really trust my sister driving
at all let alone a manual tricycle um
yes I'm calling it a tricycle yo you
look like a boss in that bro I think we
should buy this car okay I'm really
nervous right now but sometimes you got
to do what you got to do they don't
No
oh okay bright wines acceleration-a my
neutral now I made much soup oh okay
wait wait one thing - I don't know if
this is a good idea or not let's let's
see how you do once you let go of the
clutch start accelerating did you just
turn off did you just turn off I thought
you knew what you're doing alright
attempt number two let go the clutch
slowly and then start pressing gas so
whoever gave her driving license I hope
you're watching this right now
my sister's kind of got the hang of it
right now good I don't think she's good
bro I don't think she's good
this is so much blood
okay so my sister actually got that hang
of menu right now so let's go
there you go boys that has been the
slingshot honestly I've never had this
much fun in a car this is so fun you
guys know I literally had $50,000 cash
the other day should have bought this
gun I should have bought this car I was
good
hey you go boys that has been our ride
in the slingshot now I think I know
where the name comes from
it literally slings you back hey guys
obviously I've just this is my first
time in like five years driving a manual
yeah it's crazy
the adrenaline on this bad boy is on
another level for now there you go that
is the slingshot guys let me know you
want to see me do anything else with it
they actually have two colors they have
a green one as well I'm like oh we could
be twins we could be twins guys imagine
having a yell like an orange and a green
one next to each other that's Orange are
you colorblind we always have issues
with red and orange it would look nice
and adventure you know well let's leave
it to the fans
comment down below this is orange that's
yeah but this is a darker orange red why
are you taking away red from red that's
the door grateful respect for now that
has been the slingshot I don't I think
we're actually keeping it for a couple
of days yay let me know what you guys
think about this bad boy in the comment
section and yeah for now let's continue
the rest of the vlog bro I'm taking it
out in the weekend not you it's my car
was my god if any of you see Lana and
the street police snap her and send it
to me
yo I wish I could have changed up into a
jumper the thing is it's actually kind
of getting cold here into my eyes I know
it's crazy it's crazy but right now I'm
actually heading out to go me out with
my friends let's go
let's enjoy the rest of the day our
voice oh right now I actually just came
over to science house and look we have
over here BAMF at a Zygon guys basically
sigan has a surprise for me he actually
bought me a little gift are you gonna
show them or me good guys he told me
this is my gift so I'm gonna open it up
and see what what is it bro like okay 24
karat gold alright guys oh wait what
what is this what is that is that sugar
bro you told me it's gold no it's sugar
but can you eat it yeah
can I eat it no what can I eat it yes no
am I allowed to eat it now guys so this
is 24 karat gold sugar cubes why would
you spend money on this now you give it
like customers you appreciate and it's
actual sugar it's very expensive - all
right this is like this one so
apparently basically this is like golden
sugar cubes are actually edible sigan
said this is probably one of the most
expensive sugar gifts you can get
someone wow this is insane it actually
looks like solid gold kinda but you can
tell it's sugar cubes that is let me
know would you guys have this with your
teeth okay there you go guys that is
what golden sugar looks like if you're
ever wondering I honestly thought he
bought a gold bar for me oh I still have
the golden bar which one other one are
you because the guy that won the
giveaway still hasn't replied guys yes
basically eyes you do have a golden bar
at home that's I can vote for a giveaway
for me so if you guys still want to win
it let me know in the comments because
the lost winner still hasn't replied
yeah for now I'm actually heading out
basically we just quickly came here to
chill and say what's up so peace bro
tomorrow is a special day guys basically
tomorrow morning I'm actually doing a
German TV show sigan or
so tomorrow at 7:00 a.m. I'm going shark
diving with Germans
does that sound racist anyway now we're
heading out so let's go piece by piece
daddy see you appreciate it brother
boom yo all right guys so right now I
just finished up a science base and I
actually came over to a sports store now
you guys have been seeing like for the
past couple of weeks I've been buying a
lot of sporty thing just like I bought
this rope like a week ago but right now
they have something really cool and I
think I've shown this on the vlog before
you know the rowing machines they have a
water-powered rowing machine I
ha this is super awesome I'd probably
never end up using
but it's good hi guys so I quickly came
over to another store they have in the
mall this store all it has is Pink
Panther like literally guys check it out
another one another another one
guys the thing is I think my sister
actually has these pajamas which is
super funny and it's pouring down with
rain right now I'm on the highway right
now and I can barely see in front of me
because of all the water splashing from
the other guys oh my god if we get stuck
right now oh no no we're gonna get stuck
we're gonna get stuck we're gonna get
stuck guys this is serious right now
this is serious we are in of blood with
my puffer fish I'm dissolving nothing
happens to make the car turn off because
then we'll be doomed guys so we just
miracle II made it home right now bro we
were in like 1 meter of water in the
Ferrari do you hear that do you hear
that Wow
that's not sound effects
I want to come next to the light just so
you can see it is lighting Oh Mike Oh
Mike M ray hey bro bro bro bro bro bro
bro this is bad
look at this rain it is actually
flooding right now like what is
happening I am actually in so much shock
right now because I have never seen this
much rain in Dubai it's crazy
according down it's bugging oh my god oh
my god oh my god three two one go this
is insane
our garden is becoming a swimming pool
I'm just happy I made it home right now
I'll let you know how it goes maybe once
the rain stops I'll try and go outside
to see what the roads look like okay I
am speechless right now
I'm speechless please can you just jump
in that water just to show them Oh
Pro this is insane
hi guys well there you go that is how
we're ending up today's vlog we are
stuck in a flood in our own house in
terms of clients we need a 4x4 we need a
fork we really need a full bike for yeah
you're right alright guys you know what
I think we needed this type of rain to
happen because honestly I've been
telling you I need a new car and I think
this just proves that I need a
four-wheel-drive car be hey guys as
always on wrap up today's vlog here I'll
let you know how it goes two more
because the rain is not even stopped yet
so I think tomorrow's gonna be a very
interesting day don't freak out giving
away an iPhone X to one of you guys so
make sure to subscribe for that and yet
tomorrow morning I think should take out
the bicycle that's the the slingshot
it's gonna be like a roller coaster you
get well and don't work your ring that's
such a good video
Eddie's regardless I'll see you guys
some more I love you so much
oh yeah pray for us yeah Leon Oh
