Hey good morning guys so welcome to
another vlog today I'm gonna be going to
the Motor Show basically a lot of you
have told me to go to if you don't know
what it is it's pretty much you know all
them really expensive and nice cars that
some haven't been released yet but
they're just like showing them that's
what it is so we're gonna see loads are
like Bugattis Ferraris Lamborghinis and
all of that sort of stuff so let's go
and have some fun we are here you can
see I think that is where the gate is
42g wagons up front you know all black
everything alright let's go inside and
see where the cars are at you know look
at that all right we're gonna start big
I'm coming straight into the luxury car
whore
we got media passes
damn let's get ready to see some amazing
cars today first of all we have the
light can Hypersport there's only seven
of these in the world
and the big part about this video is
this isn't even a special car were about
to show you this is the basic lichen
hybridize you can see there are seven of
these in the world
it looks beautiful doesn't it but that's
all we're gonna go on to so this is the
normal lykan Hypersport well all I'm
about to show you is the lichen
Supersport veneer now this is a demo
model as you can see there's only one of
these in the world and they haven't even
been released to the public and yeah
it's just absolutely gorgeous so there's
a couple main differences that you can
tell from this car so number one it's
got the edges on the front of the bonnet
whereas with the normal like and you
cannot see that so it looks much
sporty-er much more beautiful I'm gonna
give you a 360 tour of it and Wow both
of these cars are absolutely beautiful
so as you can see on the front of this
bonnet we don't have them cuts as the
veneer has the Supersport anyways but I
can't lie I would take any of these any
day because they are both absolute
monsters so this is a 360 of the basic
like Kim hyper score and now we're gonna
move on to the lichen Supersport veneer
wow this car is just on another level so
we're gonna go look
the car as you can see it looks amazing
and Wow so if you did enjoy this share
this video with your friends and look at
this absolute beauty just last shot so
what do you think about the car yes
I decided we should come by and take a
look at all the Ferraris as well today
so we're gonna start from the four eight
eight five four eight eight is basically
their basement for the four five eight I
believe so so there you go it looks
absolutely beautiful you can see they've
kind of changed up a little bit I'm not
sure they buy I think there was some of
these out already but there you go we
have it officially on our vlogs and then
moving on we have the four eight eight
spider which is basically the
convertible version of the four AAA this
one they put a white one out here as you
can see the interior also looks gorgeous
and yeah overall a very beautiful car
and damn man I wouldn't mind having one
of these of you guys if you guys were
ever wondering how a BMW i8 gets charged
this is the charging station as you can
see and then if you go around it's
pretty much like a normal engine but
instead of petrol you just have
electricity very pumped into it so
cars which is the most
as you can see this is the exterior
absolutely loved this car I love
everything about how the doors open the
fact that they open like this and not
the standard way this car is absolutely
gorgeous I especially loved the moonlit
one we saw that other day in the
showroom I think it was like two months
ago
the blue one but this one also has it
the interior it's just standard Ross
race as you can see with all of their
features and yeah absolutely amazing car
I'm gonna move on from Rolls Royce
pretty much the Wraith is my favorite
one out them and that's the only one I
videoed I think if you guys are into
your cars today's gonna be like the best
blog for you and if you're not I
apologize it's just this event was too
good for especially someone like me who
really loves cars it was just too good
not to come to you and I know the focus
is going to be completely on cars today
but they are some amazing cars like yeah
that's all I could say I'm not too sure
what else I could say except from
they're just so nice
did you guys imagine driving what if you
like
speed they go I haven't really videoed
any of these before but are these
practical and can you drive them on the
street I'm not sure they display awesome
but you know they're not like your
standard cars ok I think my mom's
getting a bit bored she's just walking
around with me yeah we have for our
Mercedes here I'll remember my London
car the Mercedes back alright so much
fun
I know I'm gonna get sport for this mom
kind of getting tired looking at all
these cars I mean they're duck it is
loads of beautiful ones I'm gonna
quickly just brought down some that
happen so we have the McLaren's over
here there's just so many that you
already make a whole blog about it let
there you McLaren satiric landlubbers
we have the Porsches around this corner
there's just so many cars that I don't
even have the time to look go for joy
from the time I don't know if you guys
would want to see one of them in depth
so I'm
get down a couple more move onto
different sections cuz this is a luxury
car section so over here we have the
Aston Martin Vulcan
this is just I'm guessing this is a
concept car I haven't seen these ever in
my life before
and yeah it's just an absolute beast of
the car
hi four okay so that was the luxury car
section of this thing so I know you only
got through one section at the moment
I'm kind of tired actually like now just
so many cars if I was recording all over
the place I'm gonna move on to different
sections there you can like do section
by section if you like poor blokes our
this one big I don't think I well I
think maybe I'll trying to put it all
into one and have like a jam-packed the
blog where all your car lovers will love
it
not too shy at the moment though so
don't take my word for it I'm actually
ain't kind of tired and so is my mom
did you did you enjoy that yeah there
was nice luxury cars in that section so
let's just have a small little break
maybe we can find some coffee shop or
something and then continue the day
look at that let's go inside a thing
like yourself
Oh
so I really customized we can do this
meeting the way this is
that was both of them cause were super
customized the guy she recognized my age
of town that is that company shout to
them he was showing you around other
cars you like yeah they're all
customized out and stuff like that
there's actually loads of like in
hybrids which there's seven in the world
and apparently two of them are in Dubai
so far in this one event so that's just
amazing I'm gonna get out of this
section and speakers were so loud mom
did it come jazz I know I'm not getting
close to that they're so loud like
behind them you could actually like the
wind
the wind would hit you that's how loud
they were oh hi there taking a small
break we were supposed to do it like
before he went for the second section
but we're trying to just go through
every section quickly and there's still
two more so I'm not sure if I haven't
showed everything today I might come
back some more make sure to smash the
like button just to show me if you enjoy
this type of video I know a lot of you
love cars that's the main reason you're
subscribed to my channel so that's why I
thought this event would be an amazing
event to come through
hello that's all the vlog gets she
started to open up for the vlog you see
that she sent hello and I'm tired
do you understand anything else of the
vlog anything else okay no that's just
that's all you learn to say how he likes
to get more Mary down below get married
yeah I've had enough
I have enough of all the jokes and the
cheesing no no yo yo yo yo yeah I'm
gonna go for this thing basically
I don't you can see that it's like an
automatic
too much but I know there's a lobby what
I should really like them I don't know
much about the cars so that's why I'm
not ready to enthusiastic about it but
this is an Alfa Romeo 4c so you can see
it actually looks very nice it looks
unique I haven't seen many of these on
the road but I know a lot of you will
appreciate this car for what it is
especially the color way tape on this
car looks really amazing and yeah that
is an Alfa Romeo 4c alright you guys are
not gonna believe this car this is an
Infiniti I know you guys are thinking of
our show you Infiniti Bridgeway it's a
concept car and it looks absolutely
gorgeous I'm gonna cut to a clip of the
doors open and this car is magnificent I
don't think I think Infiniti need to
just bring this car out sooner
Wow
the lost car going to be checking out
for today yes
Bentley so very
GT speed it looks so nice in the red
color and then I'm gonna go quickly and
show you the
they put it in like this big blue which
that's really awesome like here he goes
this is the cheese
I'm just reading off that because as you
know your boy is not the best when it
comes to name so that is the Bentley I'm
just gonna go sit inside it for a second
so I can show you the interior and this
is a last car we're gonna be looking at
today
hey let's go take a seat inside this
Bentley wow it's actually got a really
nice interior I think it's better if I
just keep standing so I can show you
everything but wow this is a very
luxurious car it's even got the two back
seats they look a bit tight but I'm sure
you wouldn't mind staying there and as
you can see all of your things in the
door so I'm gonna close it up a very
beautiful car amazing leather interior
and yeah that is the last car for today
hopefully you join I'm going to head off
home
all right we need to take a quick pit
stop to get some groceries you finally
got home I'm gonna sneak these badges
because I might come back two more we
only got to manage to see two sections
out of the floor so we only went for the
luxury section and then like the section
where they had all the customized stuff
over here we have two women working hard
to get me my mule that is very I'm
clapping right now I wish I could have
two hands while recording but this is
amazing I couldn't know what did it use
this time to plug in my snapchat now I
don't really do that but I'm gonna do it
today because I've been using snapchat
way more often now and you can see why I
do basically on the day so example today
I went to event and look at all these
cars that I took photos with from my
snapchat and a load if you enjoyed it
your print screening and maybe using it
for your snapchats for your instagrams
so if you haven't already followed me on
my snapchat the name is Muhammad dua
trying to have it right here
if not it's in the description lots of
bubbles okay that's it for now I'm going
to go back and Skype with my friend but
yeah make sure to drop a follow if you
ask that jack drop a follower right now
anyways winter wrap-up the vlog here
today I've got a pass for all three days
of the event that is left so I might be
heading back I'm not too sure as I said
let me know if you would want me to go
back I just came upstairs to get my
headphones I was watching a very
interesting blog I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yell at your guys and yeah have an
awesome day
