good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so today we're going to have a busy
day first of all we're taking the Lambo
out we're gonna go to the post office
let's just turn it on while my sister
gets outside this is such a tight car
let's just put the keys here put on the
brake you know we have we have to show
you this as always boom wait flick that
up there you go
so the reason we are going to the post
office I'm not sure if I mentioned this
to you guys but the other day we did get
a package in the post I'm really excited
but then again they could today say
we've got a second package let's go I'm
happy even if there's one package
because I've never got like a parcel
before in the post so that should be
exciting
we got the Lambo USB today with the good
songs on it like it's wrong they can
imitate you
yeah I was like hey hold it
we're right around the corner from our
post office hey guys sometimes like when
I say stuff I know you guys go
understand my without my arm holding on
but when you're in this car I feels
really different than like when you're
watching yourself
that's a good thing
it's really different right here than
God well you can sometimes hear the
sound but I over the music and stuff
that's why I always turn down the music
so you can actually hear it but it is
something different I guess
so we're finally here at the post office
guys parked in the shade just because
seems more convenient let's see our
packages that we got I think there
should be a slip in there saying we have
parcels okay all right let's see oh my
god that's a parcel oh my god parcel oh
my god oh my god we I should go
loads of mail because three parcels Oh
Michael I'm getting emotional right now
I'm so happy we got three parcels I've
never ever gotten a parcel in my life
and then three at once okay I'm so
excited let's see what they are today's
gonna be an amazing video I just feel it
imagine if the parcels are too big to
take in the boot guys I can't believe it
we've got three packages it's insane no
way we're gonna put it in the boot
hopefully okay it's gonna fit it's not
that big but yeah open the boot so I can
put it in there that's all you want old
in my hand all right fine let's go with
your driving this is all gonna go around
the base can you open the door at least
what
so since we did stop at the petrol
station I decided to come get myself an
ice-cream I think I'm going to go back
to my regular actually I'm going to be a
bit adventurous let's have a twit I'm
not a trickster Maltesers my sister did
I want anything there you go
wait a Maltese ice cream no not really
he's here
so while my sister is parking up I'm
gonna go inside and show my mom the
packages there you go you guys always
loved this car coming out I do as well
but I don't know we just never have the
time to come out I don't know what what
is we're just like busy without being
busy if you know what I mean I don't
know that doesn't make sense let's go
inside regardless and show my mom the
packages we got oh there you go
hello oh boy I'm ready all right guys
time to open all these packages for the
first time I should got a load of mail
like five pieces I'm excited
okay I'm gonna need the best for last or
at least the biggest package and let's
just go into it so this seems like it's
gonna be candy a mama's boy I'm not sure
I think it's for me don't worry I know
what I'm doing I know what I'm doing so
first off I'm gonna guess it's the big
Bruce of candy maybe my guess is wrong
let's see about it
who we are I do it a new solids that
they need up infused with candy and
there you go so now I can do the bean
boozled challenge
thanks a lot from Rahul Toronto Canada
hi everybody wishing you a spooky
Halloween for the trick-or-treat
I love your blog so shower tomorrow
presenting a bean boozled you can find
his information here for a snapchat and
Instagram so let's get on to the next
one moving on we're going to one
there's I'm not good at opening package
but let's go okay not animal hey there
your your squad I've been an avid
watcher of all blogs channel for a long
while I've watched it grow successfully
over time keep up the good work
so that says I love em oh hey they're
your squad I'm an avid watcher of the
mold blogs channel Thank You bubbles
thank you and he's been watching for a
long time and he says keep up the great
work he also included a card he has a
youtube channel so go check him out
there you go
focus you can pause the video right now
and check out his links alright bubbles
please we're trying to do a welcome
video hello we're gonna go straight on
to another letter because I want to
leave the parcels for the end so I'm the
worst when it comes to opening these
there we go
I got it I got it alright to most family
love your videos keep up the good work
from Los Angeles Jon thank you my buddy
we have another $1 in the collection
we're just I think by the end of this
year I'm going to be stacking money from
you guys imagine you can do like a
youtube money collection and after a
year I'll do like a showcase of all the
money I've got from you guys so I think
now be pretty awesome thanks a lot John
that's going straight for the collection
with the other dollar and I'll probably
put it like inside the layer so I can
have like the money pocket money
Oh how'd you open the package all right
for this one I opened into my sister's
ID no record again I have to be it so
this is from Thailand actually I think
here's from Thailand it's from pluim
though he's 17 years old he lives in
Thailand and he really loves the looks
and he did something really amazing I
can't thank you enough
but check these out check these out we
have our own custom-made hearing so
that's for mommy and then these two are
from me and Lana and boom we got our own
custom hearings eyes awesome thanks a
lot cannot thank you enough it's there
like stuff like this it's just you've
got to such an extent this amazing
something that just pretty cool okay if
any if you want to check out the awesome
guy that made us these these heart is
link so pause the video right now and go
check out their links thanks a lot - we
do appreciate it sure looks to me to be
this big boy fail oh my god oh my god
okay I think it is let's see
came well prophetic in the packaging
that is some force of packaging whoo
let's see I'm excited so babe here's the
let's open up the left or yon - what's
in there you want to see what's in it
probably know by now by a really good
friend
that's sending I read the whole message
thanks a lot but yet here it is
BAM thank you very much it's number one
mo blog that is so beautiful
where it I might wear right now be right
back give me a second buried so I came
outside just to get like come closer the
shirt I think it looks awesome
thanks a lot and get my good friend I
did remove the veil and yeah it looks
super also dr. light right if I go out
now I'm gonna be like branded like Yolo
Yolo what'd you say back again my phone
number what youtube your your squad for
life oh that's so cool alright thanks a
lot let's go back in and yeah today's
been an awesome day right I'm so happy
getting this mail so thanks to everyone
sending email if you want to know a pure
box information it's all in the
description on every single video and
yeah that is the conclusion of mail time
bubbles I'm gonna get you off before you
ruin all my mail what's wrong buddy
so funny since I heard to find the door
I just run behind it just so I can give
her a little scare that's a pretty good
sleeping angle right and then the feet
are wrapped around computer I'm gonna
wrap up the vlog here for today I want
to apologize for not doing much after he
opened the mail I told you guys I've
been feeling really really drowsy today
and I don't know what it is I took a
shower I came out and it was just still
the same I just couldn't be bothered to
do anything and I felt really I don't
know it it's just weird
but if you did enjoy the log regardless
press the thumbs up button I really want
to say huge thanks again to everyone
that sent me like I'm looking at the
shirt here I put it right here on my
chair and it looks really gorgeous like
look at that yellow Yolo and it's just
the amount of detail that they went into
like mold logs you have YouTube here you
even have yo-yo squad for life yeah
Loyola vlog extras I quickly want to
show this shirt to my friend on skype so
you can see I'm on skype with my
inside you can see me here hello he's
not on his webcam type of stuff he was
at nine having that so say hi say it you
know safe all right you want to see the
shirt giving honest review this looks
awesome right wait one sec let me put
the camera down BAM
you see that what I'm kind of like yo yo
you know what I see
yeah then I stir a little nice
there you go even my friends say it's
awesome PS if you play league check out
his channel I'll leave a link in the
description and yes have you get so
excited
okay alright we'll see you guys next
time peace
