good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so yesterday I promised you guys
I'd be doing a YouTube collaboration
today with a youtuber in UAE so you're
probably wondering who is here you go
what up guys so this is cream cheese
he's a Huey he does like challenge
videos on his channel I'll leave a link
down there if you want to see them
they're pretty funny I loved his sibling
challenge once he does it the sister
thank you and yet today we're gonna go
skiing sounds fun I'm excited have you
been before no I've been once guys I'm
gonna be honest with you guys so I
should have a little bit of an upper
hand it wasn't long it was the same
lesson we're gonna go for today
but let's just see how it turns out you
should be good should be better if I
beat him not shame on him because he's
been before
yeah it's let's go I will see you guys
at ski dubai peace finally made it to
the full
I guess we're running a little bit late
off this is my spot for car schooling if
you don't know by the way there's always
cars here and I always put this spot
like this area it's like this valley is
unlike nice bridge but
like I don't know if you've seen ways
there Carver there's another four five
eight identical to that one anyway let's
go do some skiing I'm kind of late and
yet he shot the ski to bike as they put
your boy up with these passes sorry for
the baby crying while I was rushing over
Kareem told me I look super funny sir
King so funny I have to show
it looks so funny bro we're here we're
inside okay why do you guys okay
hey so I push my neck inside oh okay
okay that's oh this is so cool you can
see that yeah I'm just gonna I'm in a
video you do get it scurry understand
good luck Kareem
no bad well done bro you fell over seas
of hope I don't know how to help I'm not
professional I nice recovery
are we good I think we're going to be
doing maneuvers son god I can barely
lift my legs I think we're just really
bad ice not Ice King are you seeing me
we not easy ice skating yeah hard
nothing by starting stop you're
gradually going fine everything you're
my hair look sorry about it I can hold
it here
wait how do I hit top it's gonna choking
now you look nice okay there you go
I think we should leave our helmets here
yeah okay
oh oh please don't go down ah there you
go okay so what did you see a complete
Kareem's got your first tip oh stop
easing up stop easing up keep that
pressure no up-and-down motion there we
go buddy that's it
don't look back buddy keep looking
straight push wide wider good job buddy
keep the hands keep the hands whoa and
we're back on the tribe you later
let's say a big good luck okay creams
coming good luck cream oh oh oh oh okay
not bad not bad
that's good that was good you made a
recovery okay all I know
no say it cream or eating that's gonna
jump like this are you great thank you
jump again the breaking it our job
re-radiate he read it he completely
where's he going
I'm gonna have this at my niece's oh I
got this I got this
Oh
Oh Loulou yeah I thought I made it look
at the pro no pro woo yeah buddy
they saw how good me and Kareem were
they may be leaving you I'm gonna learn
from you
we're all going to the harder outside
good luck it never stopped recording
yeah yeah whatever
you keep recording okay that's the flag
Oh
let's get tat you kept recording
okay oh that's good haha I'm gonna fool
faceful it you actually came down Rhys
move uh I'm in Sedona yeah just hold it
down there you go oh sorry yeah what's
the next one was easy uh I gotta like
that was better than I did it he's gonna
edit it so that he did in one take I bet
yeah yeah yeah okay yeah it looks so odd
as you saw we just finished doing our
skiing but I told her this is actually
the fun part look at that they have like
decorations for the National Day Kareem
has never been on that like tumbling
water should be honest or before he
should it's really fun trusty like that
was what made my day last time I came
sighs you just pushed me down no I think
the guy just yeah we're gonna go is it -
inside a 100 tyre I'm very sure anyway
just like smashing me so I hit that
penguins come out over here
way back kamila show integrity this is
all new to me okay I don't need to buy
it like this this is sick and we'll
start with the small rides Jonah go for
that ride and then we can move on is it
easy
that's alright come on moe it's just a
bit slippery at the end but it's good
like a boss
well I'll be seeing my pirate ain't
never been there yeah okay let's go
I mean they've left it for public in
exam
Oh Miro yo yo
dig anywhere y'all I never knew you
could do that we just came down so
alright I know why I feel like we're not
supposed to be here like a watchtower
yeah yeah I think we are allowed that's
cool
Kareem is completely wild night cuz I'm
scared for him to let down their
people's he's a goner
I there's no way I'm doing that the
things you do for Instagram and snapchat
right it's so worth it
alright let's go Oh
we should have like a series name for
the episodes we do yeah oh wait I think
I can let go no no we'll let them try
and figure something oh we wanted to
read these we need to really prepare I
just thought okay
Doan I think
now mrs. Hannen signo he went on a lot
longer than I thought
sounds amazing right oh my god are you
scared right now I'm not gonna play
that's good but I'm scared of my iPhone
but she dying and it just happened
really yeah I don't know why I didn't
use that dog food it was not shot me
going in
oh yes are you going in and now washing
up on go
oh yeah what's up
career I show you take the tumble of
your life rah did you see your as I go I
was trying to record and then my body
just went I saw like slabs or furnace my
thing but thank God the search I still
stayed so sane
Kareem's walking the walking the tube
let us tie you up you just just save it
it takes you up this is going to be the
ride but downwards is pretty much gonna
be the exact same angle like a certain
vegan little bit faster by the way if
you guys remember this area this is all
restaurants they've closed off so no one
can see it makes it less embarrassing
because we just had like a stroke like
20 times
no I'm sorry anything happen you can end
it do it out I like villages are like
epic music bishop notch ah I try my best
to show it a little a lil jon is it good
yeah it's fine also tired actually huh
my eyes you're like the snow my face oh
wait is it the last one I just fly on my
back
I'm gonna get some VIP treatment offer
Don lean back and don't lean back okay I
owe you
Paul with my head forward high station
doesn't even love to universe too
comfortable right I need this okay I
don't need it I could my neck was all
over the place I can promise you I
thought I was gonna get like killed
where do I go
he's so mental watch scream come down
actually so did you write
to wrap up the day we're going to go all
the way up so right yeah sure he's not
going to let it let his like it
I didn't record the first off just
because if you guys don't know I'm kind
of scared of heights Oh spooked out that
I don't do so because me and Kareem are
so good they're gonna let us off here
and let us ski down there
Jenny you're it they all are actually
okay moving around yeah we're just gonna
loop around go down yeah we never get to
ski down you're still gonna go down you
assumed wrong yeah you thought we're
gonna go see snow it's going down listen
this is the power you got like a nice
view ice this is the expert ramp so all
of them young kids are experts oh you
just gave him the biggest oh I'm so
sorry for that jig oh I hope he's okay
okay they look like a crowd because of
that they call me king Magnus and let's
see this thing we have here and on the
left side you know what is right deals
yeah did you good what's it would be
really fun no way yo check this out yeah
ah so this is the security for the
penguin place you saw was what I want to
do in the video that already
welcome askew divine they got up in
minutes they just get away I'm from
Philippines Samir curry are done we're
going out this place I'm freezing cold
tomorrow and loving it this one is
perfectly not oh yeah just take all you
take it off
check out this machine you give your
cards back and then they should give
your money that is also weird fact for
you guys so basically being Korean came
out with fully charged phones I'll show
you right now oh it turned on they such
a fail well I learned this Wawa it was a
turning on buffet it's going to die
basically if you have to like anywhere
cold your phones are going to switch off
and say they have no battery iphone when
it when it gets really hot and says I'm
just too hot phone use my phone honey
does the same thing with cold let's do a
bit of chorus playing there's always
nice going to the re which is just you
know your standard beautiful supercar we
have the s-class yep that's really worth
like him so much you do what the pushing
the phone yeah and then finding the
rolls-royce okay that's about it I think
but there's no choice in the world for
its funtom right yeah
really yes people don't see that Rolls
Royce condominium I think school anthem
where like the statue of the front of
the rosary when you like if you try and
hold it will try and break it off it
 us up inside me the lab Center if
it goes through more you know like in
women like people will never the old
Mercedes these are rich yeah so people
taking the statues with this work like a
grand or something
Wow ripping it off and so many you know
made a security thing there's such
insight I never knew that I actually
ever do that anyways guys as you can
tell it's nighttime we finished out with
skiing cream cheese heading out back
down would there be it was good seeing
you and pleasure ma'am I'm so so home
see you soon yeah we'll be filming a lot
more videos yeah and also get this guy
to 100 K come on guys he's so flippin
close and okay and I wanted to get that
plaque because I want to touch it so
please guys like right you can do
something cool with it may have a sit
we'll think of something really good to
do like we saw a video both of us but a
guy like cut it in half but we'll think
of something really cool with it so give
us a title for we should call these
allieadventures Kareem chinos yeah or
something like that
oh geez on the edges as Randall sees us
tell us in the comments like something
that you think would work for now Kareem
Chi out yeah blogs out all right we are
home guess what my mom was doing when I
was out you wouldn't even believe it she
went on a run she was exercising go move
it do fitness oh look at her
oh my butt was looking at now she's
turning oh look at that look at the AH
you know what's extremely funny cuz
they're like being super nice to each
other right now but in about two three
minutes they're just gonna start
fighting so badly and this happens all
the time anyways guys I'm going to wrap
up today's note here hopefully you did
enjoy I had a great time
I think Carrie also had a really good
time
and I just wonder how you guys like to
tell me if you guys like this thing
which I did like in collaboration this
is my first ever blog with another
youtuber so I want to see your take on
it I had a great time regardless so
hopefully you guys enjoyed it as well
whenever the vlogs are like me having a
good time I always know you guys enjoy
it just because of the positive vibe and
yeah I might be doing more of these in
the future I won't do it too regularly
but I will be looking at many more
youtubers to do it because there's some
awesome content creators here in the UAE
that are just not as big as they should
be so hopefully we can do like
collaborations and support each other
and yeah for now I'll see you guys there
with another vlog I love the lighting by
the way just makes me look so good right
now I don't look this good in person I'm
really not this shiny and vibrant but
yeah I see you guys there you're on the
yellow goodbye
