but stay with like me take Milly Rock
like me can sexy walk like me can't hit
the car like me hey bets game drop like
me can't hit the folks like me K Nene
like me can't dealer shuffle like Oh yo
guys know here hopefully you like that
new dance intro I'm feeling good today
feeling really happy so yeah hopefully I
can spread the positivity in today's
vlog we're going out fairly early for
our type of standard times are going out
at one whoa dancing takes a load of
energy let's go you know work hard yeah
just work hard that's what I was going
to say is that loads of traffic let me
try it
see my camera like our car I don't see
traffic did you I see anything you're
lying to us you're lying
why the hell you're lying always lying
to me here comes the head here comes the
head oh wait why are you buying me
spider goes in your Bedi nothing we can
keep moving it is going on why is the
floor moving duh duh duh look at her
she's a doozy mommy look what he's doing
mommy mobile number four knows what I'm
not able to see behind the car I am
vlogging her that's why she I don't know
why when the camera turns on she just
goes mommy she's so weird
he's obviously geez
- I know Mom he's punishing his
neighbor's punish him punish him I love
telling the viewers that I am NOT like
making all his favorite Friday favorite
day she's going to punish enough she's
going to punish you I don't know why I
don't want to say what he did why he was
being rude I don't know why I don't know
what you're making stuff up
I don't know this how could anything go
on I'm blowing you guys I think they're
going a bit cuckoo in this household
because obviously your voice I saw it
just did
hi guys I think I need to go control the
society she's coming it's going a bit
cuckoo so today we're doing a special
video for you guys that these the other
day I said if we hit 2,000 likes I
didn't expect you guys to do it really
because I didn't think it was a video
that get many views but what do you know
like four days later bang like to point
something Kay likes and it's time for me
to do a dumb a really dumb challenge
where my sister does makeup on my face
with
I don't like mustard on my face even
like this is the worst challenge ever
you know that I hate Vaseline oh no no
no is that not it just do not tell her
and ketchup boys all of this rubbish oh
my god this is so ridiculous guys that
we're using a gun of Nutella this
Nutella has been unseen in the back of
the closet
for about two years look at that there's
water in it wait you should you see that
there's water in it it doesn't even
expiry date it's blank yes we can start
now okay dude contouring because I think
that's really exciting since we're going
to be using Nutella for the contouring
okay
I actually don't get anything on my head
I can't promise you that maybe just get
closer we need to contour you at the
line of your face like it it's not to
the dream first no no to put out the
liquid out pour out that's expired
that gives me like moisturizing like you
can actually glide on your face that's
disgusting
it's okay okay okay ice cream okay can I
just put everything in a dot lasers
okay this is the nut Tyler that's too
much my calm down oh okay this is going
on my face this oh yeah Brown then we've
got the other but I know I have mustard
you need if you caught you right you
know it's gonna mix you have whatever
you want or you mix everything up so
come on the viewers are looking forward
to this you need to mix everything up
right so we've got ah was it called the
Heinz you
mustard if I show up my boxers this
video actually I wouldn't know chic a
tomorrow I'm going to contour like from
here and then we'll use like the yellow
to obviously that blended rice the
mustard like stuck okay that's enough
and then obviously we need to highlight
his face so like for the white box like
to just highlights we need to use um
mayonnaise this the only thing I could
find
wait it's coming it's leaking everywhere
wait so it's expired this dripping it's
dripping what the hell can i - so that's
the highlight okay fine
let's get started I'm going to talk your
face first with it we're going to use
the quick action
are we gonna start with the Nutella
first so we got a dip this in the
Nutella just start just start it's gonna
do even better with that one second
comment down below - get my sister back
I swear
any comment which is very cool I'm gonna
do to her
just in case for the blending we got the
Beautyblender and another one here so
okay are you starting now
yeah okay can I wear I can do you're
gonna mess up okay okay it's okay just
start just don't me and okay this is the
contouring which is like with dogs sure
it feels bad it's not my stick you know
like I think but you know she is so
sticky I'll do it really quickly because
I have feeling you don't like this set
them up the contouring bit and then
you've got the contour here and then so
I think I'll draw lines instead so this
is easier to see where the lines are
going spit sticky at first like it's
actually very sticky so this is good
Easter disgusting Andre for the nose
there we go and they can I see how I
look no way just okay and then up to
here I don't know why you're saying this
as if it's a legitimate makes your first
because I'm sure like it's still makeup
right so they need to learn how to do
this so I'm sure there's going to be
other girls women or guys who want to
try this so there yeah here's the not
hello contouring guide now we need to
put the master just above the contour
lines so we've got the mustard here can
I hold my nose is so my goodness guys
just is gone off man no no use a little
please yeah but we can't this is going
to be nice okay it's just hang in there
buddy okay this is the mustard fish you
just be ripping them up okay just wait
here your mouth it's okay just this is
the thing so we just put it where all
around the line
my mission stop doing
not coming wait I show us how close my
toes why is not mommy okay that's
disgusting that's disgusting okay it's
making me disgusting enjoy like this no
no right wait for those who didn't see
the second ingredient it is a Heinz who
cares
I can't work any faster you know it's
going to get miss the other one you're
using too much no no you're using Chyna
lighting or my face blend okay start
blending mm-hmm finish it
valina such as the next thing we're
going to use is the highlight so that's
going to be the mayonnaise because it's
the only thing that fits the
highlighting not knowing swimmies this
is for the nose and this is for the mine
yeah
and this is for this is
this part I'll be careful about the eyes
no he's not come to me yeah I'm loving
this makeup look okay so my fault let's
try with a Beauty Blender because
normally with makeup it's Beauty Blender
there's more enough you know it's really
not it's like it's going into his skin
it's like you know T okay there we go
and see we just like blending it I hate
you I know your harmony out too right in
here we need to AC on okay Brock calm
down see it's blending you're blending I
don't like your it's blending look it's
blending to see this it's like the magic
I don't like a disgusting cake close
your eyes it's benefit your nose right
into magic now watch this I feel like
I'm going to get so many rashes and
diseases of this challenge it's going to
be discussed just move back I'm sure it
will turn out nice okay it's not even
healthy for the skin it's not finished
mom this is just a beginning of the work
okay because at the beginning this is
the beginning we're gonna add blush to
his cheeks just to make him a little bit
more happy you're making me hate my only
source I like there we go see now you've
got rosy cheeks now he's a happy boy
blended into the contours because you
don't want it to like look like like
lines going across why are you
explaining this like anyone is going to
oh yeah mom I want to do ketchup
foundation I
why don't you guys do it and I'm like oh
yeah please go please that's a good
point I want you guys to decide yeah we
will put the best one 500 share your
videos yeah go ahead
so we just like dab the - here so he's
got highlight of cheeks I doubt my fist
in your face the monster back on your
face did daddy yeah yeah I have it
now stir really what is this gonna be
done nearly done with because look I'm
sure they want a full piece of artwork
ah what is this
we got Nutella I couldn't
no no that's disgusting I sure we need
to contour your chin I guess the key oh
this is not fair okay you know you're
supposed to stay still that's all you're
asked to do just stay still see now we
need to go on to you more but fair
here's a close up for you guys don't
want to demolish would not tell us a bit
difficult
Michael wait mommy
just one more look back in the camera
that's it just I'm just pretending I'm
not a lot on my trousers okay no you
need to don't put your lips inside you
there no bit more thank you so you heard
they catch up a little bit blush there
and moved your cheek there's the last
brush yes so that's it we're done
bitch finished and he's fully makeup
very quick love because you talked right
oh one more do this like a long time so
it's a bit messy because you want alarm
blended in so yeah and plus he's got the
facial hair so it's hard to blend in
these sections for color same you know I
can't over my mouth Darrin I hope you
enjoyed this and I'll leave the
ingredients in the comment section in
the description below my brother just
went upstairs to wash his face so it
doesn't seem too happy about this
challenge disgusting um just make sure I
let you scrub your face because I don't
think like it was very sticky like it's
by the way warning Nutella does not
blend very well with it like with a
blending like us oh this is diseased
what what did it look like this
downstairs this is disgusting oh my I
did a good job blending it I want to
vomit now that shit's like blended
really well
oh this is bad it's right it's nicely
okay I'll see you guys in another vlog
if you did enjoy this smash the like
button and we're gonna get her back
3,000 and we're gonna do something no no
no indeed 3,000 like oh we have to do
something better idea for anyways I'm
gonna go take a shower I know this is
disgusting me out and yeah I don't think
you also see this anymore
yonder Yolo goodbye don't Shh go away
