good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog Nicholas Keith's dog who's a good
boy
I look so adorable hey can I touch you
ah there you go anyways I started this
morning with Norton I started today I
mean it's not any morning it's kind of a
night actually with buying some sadiq me
and my mom are going out and basically
if you don't know what Sonic is let's
open the door it is this thing that you
pass toll gates here and device and like
when you're driving on the highway or
like the main road you pass these things
and it charges you based on this thing
on your car there you go it's good sonic
and I need to the top down so the reason
I'm starting today's vlog very very late
is due to one reason and I'm not happy
about it one bit at all so today if you
don't know today and yesterday the f1
event was going on it's this huge event
in our lobby I applied to get passes
yesterday during the event was going on
it's way too late basically to get
passes I called today I was like is
there any chance of me getting passes
they were like pretty much no I'm not
gonna say exactly no that was pretty
much a no and I was like is there
tickets available for sale sold out
there was no way I was getting my hands
on tickets and I didn't really want to
like keep asking people all can you get
me tickets because I didn't want to
really go to that type of level well
please try and get me tickets and I'll
let you know what forget about it I
couldn't make it to the event and
hopefully you guys understand I was like
you know what it's alright why should I
make myself negative due to the fact I
just couldn't get tickets to one event I
mean yesterday we had like the dopest
vlog ever for cars but on a more
positive note we're going to the mall
now and there's always one misconception
you guys always tell me more you're
always shopping and stuff but I never
really shop in the vlogs I always just
look around but today I need to get
myself some shades yesterday if you were
here for the vlog my eyes were hurting
like no hurry I just couldn't keep them
open in the Sun so I decided it should
finally be the time we should swag
ourselves out and yet today's the day
let's go so I'm trying on some glasses
really like how these ones look but I'm
not sure if I'm gonna have a problem
with my nose because I have a big issue
with like glasses hurting it so
hopefully I'll get these ones but I'm
just going to look around a bit more I
don't know these are other possibilities
like the plain plastic e ones because I
think they hurt less for me I'm just
going to keep having a look and trying
out and you guys are going to know my
final decision because I really want to
buy one right now today my big decision
is the ones I'm wearing right now look
amazing okay I really really love them
but the ones which are more comfortable
are these ones okay
so I'm going to pick between these two I
just need a bit of help I don't know it
they comfort or the really nice ones
blue green or the comfortable ones which
on
I'm kind of ashamed to say this but I
bought both so the reason I'll tell you
before I like why I did it
I bought both because number one I
couldn't make up my mind and secondly
they had a huge sale going on and I was
like you know what I'm probably going to
come back for the other one sometime in
the future so I might as well get it now
that they have a sale I was waiting here
like half an hour trying to pick with my
mom and we just couldn't come to a
decision
I bought the blue one not the one I wore
I think the blue one I should show you
right now it is this one this is the
blue one and then that really plain
simple black one because of its comfort
thanks all sort of these one these are
actually Polo Ralph Lauren ones okay now
I made up my mind I'm gonna go for the
other two there's no more picking
because if you give me a chance I'm so
indecisive and that's the thing I told
the guy can I how much is it for three
of them and he was like okay is this
much I was like you know okay two of
them are basically identical alright
guys I kind of spent all of our money
for today
my mom is like shame on you and I'm
joking she's not and here's the Box
ray-ban all right thanks a lot I
appreciate it thank you thank you
so I've done what I needed to do for
today I'm just going to head off home
now I just came out to buy some glasses
and I ended up buying two instead of one
which my mom was like really through so
she was a psycho you might as well get
it now because they have a sale going on
it's basically for the national day we
were there yesterday so what do you
think I'll be buying two glasses god I
should actually shoes told me you know
what you might as well buy if you like
them both just get them
see she ballin out here she even paid
for it my mom paid for it
okay before I did leave them although I
came to show you the valley there's
always nice cars and I see a pretty cool
Ferrari check these bad boys out first
of all the gray it's a matte gray
g-wagen amazing right look at it that
gray g-wagen amazing but then you've got
a 6x6 g-wagon v8 and then finally is
this a matte matte green Ferrari okay
they all look amazing together Wow
I love cars way too much man I love cars
that look nice and these will definitely
pass they look nice tests anyways let's
go we need to be home now well we don't
need to be but I've done everything I
could in the mall wow this is actually a
really unique color look but please
don't touch all right I won't but I'm
trying to get like a nice thumbnail shot
there you go yo all right and it's time
to go now
you actually got more nice cars but I
always just pick like the main ones I
know you guys want to see you have an
awesome Bentley over here a cool Porsche
Porsche Panamera and also a Bentley not
to mention there's like a rolls-royce
phantom there or anything but yeah
there's many more guys it's not sunny
but I had to I just I just had to turn
and then you know this makes me feel
like I'm like a racer cool dude you die
me like yo sup you wanna race alright I
got you bro boom I actually really love
them don't they look really nice okay
I'm happy I bought both because this one
I'm gonna be stunting on the camera for
but you know the other one is actually a
comfort one where I read light and you
know I feel to get my point even though
I'm just gonna do the same thing I feel
like the car just gonna go faster you
have to you have to agree it's just
gonna go faster no like he's just gonna
accelerate faster no no no it's not
going faster ah it's my turn ready to go
allow us interesting grumpy what's up
grumpy I bought new glasses so you can
have my old ones here you go you can
have my spongebob ones here take them
take them look at him he's smelling them
oh he ran away fine nobody wants these I
mean really everyone's going out again I
know I just got in but my sister's ready
to go out she wants me to drop her off
because she doesn't want to take the car
just in case I need it
there's no petrol in the car I'll show
you when we go outside it's basically
empty so imagine we get stuck on the
road and I have to push the car I hope I
hope not anyways cuz normally on these
cars even when it hits the end you still
got like a while before it finished
finishes if you know I mean anyways
these are the two classes I got my
glasses
there we go I don't know what accent
dies by the way please nobody take
offense that I dad I just made up
something on the spot I got my glasses
where's that I don't know what it is I
can you know what you just do an accent
you don't know waxing this I got me
glasses
I got me glasses oh sudden you ready to
see that there behind my back okay okay
don't look don't look don't look okay
ready
tell me if you like it really tell me if
you do like it boom like it nice it's
something that you could wear every day
actually you're in for a treat
cuz BAM
you don't you know which one do you like
more
okay which one you like more like well I
love these I love these rocks that one's
my comfort once daily that's like no
dude this is gonna be I think even
though that's comfortable okay watch
this yeah see you watch this before my
Thursday
whoa you good
I know I'll say know what you can
imagine me like a street racer like me I
love it I looks on the camera though no
kitty like it looks so much like
business it's amazing you know I hate
that dress it looks so like I don't know
why I don't like that dress it looks
weird to their condo what's wrong with
it
guess what I don't know why I think I'm
thinking completely opposite I don't
know why I think it looks like a old
person's dress I don't know why I don't
know why no I'm joking I'm joking I'm
joking no no no I'm joking
no I'm joking I'm joking it looks nice
it looks like it looks elegant that's
good that's good
look at the petrol on this car look at
that petrol it's empty
it's I forget stuck on the road I'm
blaming you
oh my god we made it we made it we wrote
it okay you know what I don't even care
the car can turn off now wait where
where should I go left straight I don't
know anywhere here we'll do the car
turns off now we can push it for like
five years
- super
the reason I'm blogging right now the
reason okay no shake shake my head when
I shake my head my mom told me this is
the turnoff to where were supposed to go
I'm a hundred percent short straight
we took a bet we took a bet I'm it's a
bet for a fifty thousand fifty thousand
dollars
no no no no no you're not taking that
back
I specifically turned on the camera just
to show you issues I know you missed the
turn
you missed you you know Ariana yeah I'm
winning okay I want my fifty thousand
dollars in my bank account please
laughing oh yeah yeah you know I get
that spare nuts even you bought me
glasses and you lost them that okay you
don't owe me anything now because I've
decided to be a bit more healthy for
getting these cool chickens you know the
ones that they like properly roast under
turning one I always have Coco Pops and
today I'm going to try something new I
just I've just had enough I've been
having Coco Pops for like a month now
straight and before that I'd always have
these wee toes so then you are not
allowed okay we have to try and find
something different today I want
something honey this guy's check this
out
I think someone's put their finger in
there I don't know it looks rip I think
maybe as a kid you want some milk
you got the milk girls like oh yeah my
sister look she likes this type of milk
full cream and then the ones we go for I
like the low fat less cream I guess
still in the store and I I just feel
kind of hungry so
I love this presentation so nice it was
so hard though it was really hard Oh Oh
baby baby here's my healthy snack for
today I love my ketchup
now I'm not over doing this at a blog
trust me I just I love ketchup it's just
my thing I'm sorry a lot of my friends
hated ketchup why did I eat these guys
always have to company will look at them
like no no no no no no no please don't
treat my drinks it's not even there's
nothing in it and this guy just smells
it anyways guys I'm going to wrap up
today's vlog here but before you click
off this video I want to talk about
something it's something I get commented
about sometimes I wouldn't say a lot but
it kind of irritates me and I don't want
you guys having this image off me so I
think what it is occasionally I get
comments saying mole you're always
shopping spending money stop wasting
money or stuff like that and the reason
I'm talking about this is because that
is really completely false now if you
guys know me in real life
I actually don't go shopping too often
now I know I'm always in the malls I
know I eat out a lot but when it comes
to like buying stuff like this I rarely
shop that's just because I'm really
impatient when it comes to shopping so
whenever I go in the shop
I might contemplate buying something but
always like you know what I just can't
make up my mind and I leave so I could
sit here and just pretend like I buy a
lot of things but I don't really want
you guys to get that perception of me
and it's not true and I don't want to
lie to you and it kind of irritates me
when people like say oh you're wasting
money because if you know me you
probably know I don't buy too many
things to be honest my sister was so
surprised when I bought one pair and yet
alone two pairs of sunglasses because I
never got shopping so and whenever I do
I don't really buy much I
like one piece here one piece there
moving on hopefully you did enjoy
today's vlog I'm going to give you a
beer special news I guess this is
special I am going to be collaborating
with someone hopefully within the next
week and the person is a youtuber here
in UAE so it's not one of the people
that came to UA now they're actually
living here now so that's all I'm going
to say you guys could guess who knows
let's keep on a low low for now because
I don't know if it's going to definitely
happen but I think we are I'm pretty
sure we already raised so you're going
to have a special video soon and in
regards to London youtubers are here in
Dubai I'm going to send them email
tonight maybe we can meet up if you guys
don't know who is this a bunch of
youtubers that through car spoiling
loads of car related stuff so you know
maybe they want to meet up with me I
don't know we'll see I'll email them you
guys always keep telling me try and
collaborate with people and I know I
slack on that side of stuff but it's
just who I am I'm not really too much of
the collaboration person I guess I'm
going to try and start opening up more
with people try and email people yo come
let's do collabs so hopefully a new mo
is coming out maybe someone you would
like better like you're this type of Mo
you guys like this alright and yeah
maybe we can have some interesting
videos for now I've been talking way too
much and I see you guys there yeah Leo
lo
