my sister is currently just shall we mom
you are so drawn like have some privacy
okay alright we'll see you guys on the
way peace so good morning today we're
gonna go see our family the ones I
mentioned we're gonna go me up with that
maybe have like a tea or coffee
depending on how busy they are I think
they came here for business C type of
thing so they're kind of busy wrapped up
with that but we're just gonna go say hi
and you know stuff like that
Toby's out here we just gave him food
look at him it's been a long time since
I've put him on camera are you camera
shy why are you walking away Toby as
soon as he gets his food he just goes to
the other house like this kind does not
even like us he just even wants the food
and he just goes look at him he's not
leave me alone leave me alone I'm gonna
go into the shade but yeah we're gonna
go and yeah let's see what's up today
where y'all at when and Mona Mona Mona
you've heard that song right my future
and great one of the makeup looks I did
for a tutorial so it should be coming up
soon so we're actually pretty lucky cuz
we are a bit late me
I'm sorry if you're watching this but
there's no traffic thankfully so we
should be a bit on time a bit more on
time than we were planning on being so
that's a great thing I guess the
struggles of women drivers they can't
get close enough to the ticket machine
okay look release your foot off the gas
I don't want you to drive through you
got it good job so we're here at the
Trade Center let's go meet them I told
you the reason that here is some
business thing they're doing I'm not too
sure exactly but let's see how they're
doing by the way if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog I did mention I don't
think I'll be showing them in the vlog
because they don't really liked me my
vlogs I don't think so anyways and it's
rude for someone without them wanting to
be so if they do want to be in the vlog
I'll kindly put them in but they don't
just understand the reason you won't be
seeing them it's just because I'm trying
to respect their their needs of not
wanting to be in the vlog if you know I
mean so let's go this is actually my
second time here at the trade center you
guys should know because we came here
last time for gtex that's why I brought
my iPhone if you guys don't know so yeah
it's not the first time we're here
they've got some Coolio pain but not
really low they're huge actually so
where we need to go now let's go off the
reception just to give you guys updated
we did finish off in family right now we
were at the mall having like some tea
and stuff we're going to go drop them
off at the hotel now and then the rest
of the day will continue sorry I didn't
put them in the vlog it's just not the
situation I hope you guys understand and
yeah let's go
so we're done now with family guys we
can go do some other stuff for the vlog
has actually been so many nice views
I've been coming across state I look at
that even the road right there it looks
nice to me I don't know how well it
looks on camera but let's go first I
need to go and upload my video at home
and then we're gonna have to see what
we're gonna do the rest of the day
because we kind of got like busy with
this today I wanted to make it clear to
you guys I'm day I just didn't want to
like ignore this part of the day because
by the time we finished Luke's getting
dark outside so let me just turn off our
navigation because we know where we're
going now y'all this Raptor make some a
noise
that's cool right we have a BMW i8 wow
that's so nice in the street you know
Oh Oh countless trips so me and my mom
decided to come to jbr Jumeirah Beach
residents or the workplace anyways and
we're going to head over to the beach I
really love this place because of the
amazing view has and to be honest the
beach kind of relaxes me so whenever I'm
around the beach I feel relaxed I feel
like all my stress goes away and yeah
it's just generally good to come out
like you just feel better so if there's
anyone at home
I don't know just bored stressing out
just go out trust me you'll be good for
you I even brought my skateboard I
haven't skated in a while boom and yeah
obviously just here with the mum my mum
brought some light little what do you
call it them things you can make little
sand castles with I'm not sure if we
will do anything but we just broke just
to chill next to the beach okay let's go
it's actually so beautiful in this one
way look at that oh we've never walked
along it it's like jumeirah beach walk
and we've only been driving past every
single time we've come like the
building's like specially like damn son
we're like walking on the edge of the
road the walk is on the other side and
we're walking on the side we're not
supposed to walk on though they post it
off oh yeah let's just see where the
beach is I'm not trying to get to the
beach
I've always driven by these stairs and
I've always wanted to come me and my mom
we're just gonna head up see where it
leads to
I don't really know I'm not sure if
you're supposed to come up these stairs
but let's just go and see what's up yo
okay
is it too many stairs arms get out I'll
be back I'll be back if you don't want
to come it's actually notice that I'm
standing there she's tired you like
rocky Dillon and the dinner dinner yo
oh okay so it's just a residential place
I think all right let's go back down
there was nothing much up here it's
actually much busier than I expected
today it's a Monday but it's pretty cool
everyone's actually walking here all
right let's go this way where the dance
floor and Oh sharp that DJ's a woman is
all I just love pretty this is why men
when I said I come here for relaxation
first of all look at that view there's
music playing over there like a live DJ
and it's just so like perfect right I
don't know that's just me okay so we're
seeing on the beach my mum's like
filling up or a little sand so you can
make like a small little sand castle
we live behind me I couldn't see this
light can you see the clouds up there
there's actually clouds in the sky I'm
gonna start making a little sand castle
and yeah I hope we can make something
cool
and it should generally a really calm
thing to do right okay let's get started
the Sandcastle begins is that the only
thing we have you've only got one London
berry ice bucket seems pretty oh haha
okay I think we should just kick this on
the way as well to make a smaller happen
right we're kind of failing I will put
the NEX on here and then there and there
and then you look like mole right let's
try and draw oh no okay wait I need to
fix this I need to fix this we need
restart restart restart okay my bad my
bad
we need one more we need one more let's
just draw some hair around it
okay
good okay do you guys want to see our
amazing sandcastle where you've been
working on for like an hour
no really now it's only like 10 20
minutes you're bored so we thought why
not make mole and beim yeah I know you
haven't seen anything better than
looking at em to the old meet in sand
castles I think we're gonna call it
quits for now we've had enough fun this
is actually an amazing view take a
picture mum join an Instagram for are
you going to make an Instagram Wow okay
no more photos for you then I was gonna
make her an Instagram page ago but then
I'm not really gonna post regularly yeah
okay let's go to the beach
whoo no no I'm not going to go I'm not
going to go it's two words to it all
right
let's leave it I wonder what goes on
over there I don't even know anyways
let's go walk around on the walk I think
the walk looked much nicer than this
Mase you just came here to chill for a
bit we've been walking for quite a while
now and just going around so I think
it's time to find something to eat
as I can load a restaurant I love this
place because everyone is just so happy
like everyone's like playing music in
their cars and I know just turning up so
it's pretty cool environment let's just
find somewhere to eat I don't know where
I want to eat there's loads of
restaurants there's too many to pick
from that's the problem
so I guess we're just gonna have to pick
somewhere to eat eventually every time I
see these trees the one over there I
think of the cry kid you know what's
that guys Davey I'd like them little
trees and you would cut them please let
me know in the conversation in car you
kid you know the master guy and he had
them little trees that you like trimmed
down every day these trees remind me of
them now what are these they're
everywhere they put loads of these
around the place look I don't know I
thought it's maybe some sort of like
Halloween decoration all right let's go
eat I think we're gonna go to PF Chang I
think when it comes to food and being
explorative I'm not sure if that's a
word
I'm the worst I always go after the same
place if I like something I'm always
gonna go that's why I always really
liked PF Changs KFC McDonald's so I
don't really get some McDonald's much
now but I used to I'm not really the
type of person who likes to be
adventurous with their food
unlike the pickiest when it comes to
food obviously my mom and sister don't
mind picking whatever they want they
like always they always just have like
new things I'm not like that I'm never
going to be trying new cocktails or rear
drinks I'm always doing my coke Mirinda
or war and yeah I'm just a really boring
person I think yo he found these bean
bags and I think they're just out here
wait did we do that
I don't think so hey that's not ice
trust me it's nice but yeah they've got
these bean bags like in the middle of
the room Kathy you can just come and sit
on them and relax pretty dope right
plays also okay I'm saying here for like
five minutes it's like just ate and I'm
Way too cool to walk around so I don't
know you're so we'll Gogh now I'm gonna
say it off with my mama over here it's
actually really relaxing I would have
been back at home now imagine okay
I'm kind of ditching my mom I'm just
skateboarding around the floor here is
so good for skateboarding okay I feel
like I'm gonna slip somehow yo this is
important
oh look a space are these restaurants
that looks amazing
I let's do a pit-stop break whoa
hey that's way too slippery look at that
y'all imagine having that in your guard
it's kind of late at night and we're
walking around I'm gonna use this lamp
over here as a bit of vlog light I
wanted to talk to you guys so I know you
guys are gonna keep questioning me more
today you went out with your family why
didn't you vlog them blah blah blah so I
might as well tell you guys the truth
I've kind of told you anyways and the
realistic truth is they just don't want
to be in the vlog I guess they don't
really understand the concept of
vlogging and you know not everyone
understands I know still loads of pupae
like I'm their first vlogger to watch
and not even that they're just not
comfortable in front of the camera so
I'm not the type of person to like shove
a camera in someone's face if they don't
want to be in it and that is a real
truth so if you guys don't see a lot of
people that we hang out with or like
sometimes I start the vlog late and I'm
like we're busy and type of stuff that
is probably the reason it's just they
don't want to be in the vlog or they
don't really understand the concept of
it and I'm not someone to like force
someone in my vlogs like unwillingly so
let's just make our way home I like
exercising at night so like relaxing and
there's no one in the street and yeah
hopefully that cleared up some stuff for
you guys I hope it did anyways okay
let's look around I don't want to get
run over by a car and yeah let's just
make our way home today was actually a
really good day I enjoyed going out
y-yo my sister doesn't even know we're
here
oh my god y'all
design up it's time to break her okay
baby
let's go back let's go back
so my sister's sitting inside daddy's so
she has no idea we're out here I'm gonna
try and freak her out let's see if this
works
hi all right guys I'm Salva camera angle
I can't you ready for this nest on
spooking about
John Joe I just banged Arthur can you
see her
she's there she's there we go yah she's
actually I think she might got freaked
out like that cuz I went and banged on
that door Wow such a loser she checked
the CCTV Wow ah is it as I can't do
anything we've got cameras all over
there is some direct active trance my
sister cheered guys we tried to pull off
a little scare prank where she used the
CCTV who do you watch picked up there
don't I I bet you were checking anyways
guys I'm going to wrap up today's vlog
here hopefully you did enjoy my feet
really hurt from the walk I did other I
need to start walking more often I'm
just going to get loads of leg cramps
I'm currently just on skype with my
friends and we're kind of trying to find
myself in gaming computer so hopefully
that's going to happen soon I'm just
like telling them the options I have or
the ones that ship to Devine then
they're just going to tell me which one
is the best
so here hopefully a gaming channel will
come soon when I say soon it's basically
whenever I get the computer shipped here
so I don't know how long that's gonna
take
but for now I'll see you guys later
y'all know y'all know okay I think I got
a bit of my kiss on you guys let's rub
it off sorry
