good morning and welcome to another vlog
for like half a second over here I had
the best lighting ever and then it will
went dark again it's right who cares
anyways today me and my mom are going
out you go bill work to do that divine
Marina mole or something like that so
we're heading out kind of early not
really when I say early I mean like yeah
middle eastern early which is like two
o'clock I don't know why they have this
train like always going around I think
it as I write the kids we just really
need to head up to some shops because my
mom needs to buy like I don't know a
dress or some clothes who knows she
wants to have something nice for the
event we're going to for the Lamborghini
thing I told you yesterday
anyways Jessica check out this view Wow
this is from the food court is all
hahaha hey so nice I go extremely bored
waiting with my mom in the shops I've
come outside to show you some of the
cars I already see a really really
natural choice here you go hope you
enjoy it there you go guys it's like
this blue and silver Rolls Royce is like
the one we had a look at in the car shop
ages ago but I really like the fine
touch of blue on the range anyways I
thought I was pretty cool I'm gonna go
back into your my mum's oh wow
such a gorgeous car alright so we're
done looking around at the moon my love
didn't find anything they've been here
for a couple of hours I do look if
nothing was going on but we are going to
be up with some family friends now they
should be here soon so I'll just wait
until they get here alright guys so I'm
back here with set there and basically
we're back at the view I was in the
morning but not at night kind of looks
nice and then we kind of show them let's
show them the view did you tell them who
Sayid is yeah they've seen side in the
morgue
ok did you remember to tell them yes say
it is his brother yeah so basically
we're trying to investigate this place
and see what's beyond this place cuz
over there's the food core everyone sing
but there's no seats over here so I'm
wondering is it just about ok wait you
go first just in case it looks weird for
me to vlog there's nothing okay there's
actually nothing good there might be
something I know I'm scared there's
gonna be a load of you were saying I'm
just pointing a camera right there but
why what the hell is he here like put
like whatever
Wow why is this boy is this place for
the mini Eiffel Tower okay should we
actually go down okay we actually have
no idea where this place is
don't you just wish the cabin was like
on life so something happened just alive
is your what I think this just goes down
you know oh yeah this I think this leads
to the actual place where the boats are
at now our parents are going to be like
where are these people okay we're gonna
do a bit of exploring for you guys
because I kind of lacked in today's vlog
until now all right set I think we are
lost pick a route and after a picker
left all right
yo kissing stuff I really want to go
down there but I'm not I saw a lot of
you was seeing our restaurant looking
ass that was so really all I know
okay that way now is a complete waste of
time her out-breath was like five
stories just to not even go down that he
should be got down there he could have
said alright we got to walk around a
little no just a door to a restaurant
and there's no way I'm walking through a
restaurant vlogging and it's yeah push
the door I never once again you know I
always this guy doing alright let's go
have some food I'm hungry
it's slow time setting but what's moving
alright so me and Stefan alright sorry
are we can go outside Jaime a separate
came for this skate place
okay do push or pull yo foolish
okay separator you try okay pull it pull
after you push that okay we got it
how'd you feel about this feel like one
of us again
broken bone if I get injured you know
who did it if blogs get cancer this
gives a surfer there's a niche let's go
let's go
I love you see it's like each other
feeling seems legit another place gates
no we do not skate outside we need every
birth equipment okay you know because
we're so much of rebels we don't have
any equipment on to like protect us no
no nothing hello no helmets no like knee
pads or a half hat we're just that good
we even have wrists paws man didn't
worry me bad that's the part that's
gonna get to me like you don't want to
suddenly you're down on two reels all
right people you use I just did my like
first push and I completely floored it
over that was I'm blogging yeah I tried
to go up serving as my kneepads open oh
my shoulder she hurts I just like
flopped it down
look we have the Dark Knight is it in
time-lapse okay good
mode you can do this back and you're
gonna fall oh this is so hard
okay separate earned go on set by man if
your sister with you she would be back
imagine the wrong
you almost died like this game of hood
just put your foot down and goes may
make the whistle blew dude dude come on
man you're Batman you can do it that's
cool
wait yeah it's not that fast
oh yeah just cuz yeah just doesn't
fine you know I almost you two kids well
done The Dark Knight kills people like
the skateboard flew over and on the
other side two kids doing it I need you
I'm gonna do this ray from now on so we
have some fans come to ya burning Sun oh
my sister just good it's a couple of you
want to see me I know so we did run into
the yo-yo squad hey what's up guys hey
my momma I'm Ronnie we ran all the way
from marina to Marina more to meet MO
and then finally got here
that's awesome guys thanks a lot I
appreciate it I'm gonna put this down
hi guys it's awesome being these two
they're such nice people I see you guys
there alright if I make you fool I'm
sorry whoa oh oh all right you see where
safety kids where safety if you're
watching this is that like a horse
anyways hopefully you enjoyed that you
met sign you guys which is awesome
they're telling me to do a meet and
greet so like this video if you guys
want me to do one I'm not always unsure
about it I don't think my people would
have attend but they said don't love to
come to me angry like a fun thing would
be freedom meeting me with challenges so
like like 500 people come in either yet
he went to challenges he suggested that
he was like maybe you guys wanted let me
know in the comments below I'm gonna
force Moe to put my Instagram and
snapchat down there I said yeah wow so
fly
I mean I'd expect that use I just ago
you can actually exit from this yeah I
never knew about it let's go yeah like
we were hustling like there's like
insight yeah hi thanks for the yes I
like the guys you're really nice to us
thank you but yeah the guys are really
nice to us
gonna get Baskin Robbins or something I
don't know should we checked to everyone
else's first all right we're gonna check
up on our family okay so we just met
with my family and separate family but
you know we're just on the run against
ever wants to go look at some watches
for no reason I didn't yeah this
Starbucks doing nothing yeah they're
singing stars okay that's got that if
you could buy any of watches which one
did you get hey I'll probably go for I
don't know ap not from here they don't
have it here I don't think look at that
one that's awesome about another one of
the melody sonic in my camera there's a
lot of the blah yeah as I know never
walk like his camera my point
all right sexy later okay so that is a
wrap guys hopefully you enjoyed me we
went skateboarding I feel so bad in
front of a whole crowd there's Lana yo
she hasn't been that because she's been
hanging out at family and obviously only
being set yeah where did you park the
car man where did you park oh we have to
go up or down you make up your mind
yeah women man you hear that I know I
think it's a house party going on
somewhere guys some big house right yo
hello wow you're ignoring the camera
okay anyways I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog here I need to apologize before I
finish the vlog I've been kind of
hearing it's turned on the lights
I've been kind of messing up with the
blogs the past two days
I'm really really sorry if they haven't
been up to normal most avid but I've
been super super busy we've been going
out with family and vlogging is kind of
hard because you have to do it every
single day I imagine a job or something
you're doing and you don't have any
brakes so if it has kind of got shaky I
really apologize but tomorrow is going
to be BAM up there with the blows
because the huge event is coming up
that's kind of why you've been so busy
in the past two days so if you didn't
like today's vlog or yesterday's blog
it's alright because tomorrow is going
to make up for it I promise
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow with
the huge event definitely come back I
think it's going to be something special
for now I see you guys there your squad
yellow yellow
