good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so today is officially Halloween it
wasn't yesterday that's why I felt so
much and there's loads of kids walking
around trick-or-treating kind of early
no one comes to our door though because
let this is why they don't come to our
door look at our pathetic attempt at
Halloween decorations so mom just saw a
couple of them and said haha yeah we're
trying to cool them over to give them
some candy because we've got so much so
we don't really need it okay hopefully
they come over and take the candy for my
mom which she has to offer but no one's
taking it's funny cuz yesterday I was
going around trying to give candy and I
was like damn no one does Halloween here
and I was 100% sure they did it because
all the houses were decorated but now
today yeah it's full and we're going out
as soon as the kids are crying we tried
to give out some I tried to video for
you but we couldn't really wait around
for too long we don't know who is going
to come trick-or-treating or not so
let's try and make you back in time to
give out some and yeah I was kind of a
fail yesterday you're look at that guys
that's a t-shirt that it's so awesome
leave and have Ronaldo on this side
nice pretty dope
all right so finish with the haircut I
am looking 100 see that you see that I
had my beard done it all for the first
time I've never done my fear than they
do the blade I won't wait I was like
laughing thinking like this person got
blade to my neck but yeah it turned out
amazing they did an amazing job
I'm just going to go to me up with my
mouth so I'm trying to look for glasses
I can get I'm not sure these are you
guys I can actually go for something I
listen I'm being completely serious this
ain't like a joke so let me know did he
look nice or or last option is this one
which I really like so you think this
one's either these or the other saw so
let me know please so I can come back
and get some I never knew certainly did
like proper headphones
well I just know they did proper run do
you know I mean I never do they add
these ones specifically they look like
beets
the reason I'm wearing this is because I
saw a rap video chick like if you guys
know he's a UK rapper and you write this
exact same jacket I think there's a
small size for you so I was planning on
going to the beach guys but it's
currently like 9 o'clock it's too late
for that then instead I'm really going
to look for a gaming Kabir so you guys
know I used to have a gaming channel
I've stopped it for like ages now and
the reason is I need a good computer the
one I have at the moment isn't the best
for gaming so I'm going to go check out
the gaming computers they have hopefully
I can get one today if not then I'll
just have to keep looking until I can
find the right one let's have a look at
a couple gaming PC's this one is like
the top of the range it's super
expensive though it's like I'll show you
the price that is 25 thousand dirhams
which is I seven thousand dollars but
pretty much the best but realistic one I
was looking at is this one it's the
Alienware x51
now let me know in the comment section
is this really good because I'm not into
my computers that much the only reason I
did take a picture for it was so I could
show my friends and then they let me
know if it's really good for recording
okay we did a bit we did a good bit
looking around I feel so good now that I
have my fresh cut it just your
confidence goes from like 50 to light a
thousand it just it just goes up that
much we're going to go see what my
sister's doing she's been buying makeup
for like the past hour I don't know why
she might so much nothing we use it just
like I guess probably does use the
eventually but you know I mean should
apply it too much so let's see what
she's up to
and yeah today we we met a couple of you
in virgin media store you'll know who it
is and I'll so embarrassed like I don't
know I just get really shy when people
know me but yet I was pretty cool though
we met on I like you guys took me on
your snapchat stories it's like good
promotion for me so yeah let's just go
so we're just in the make up store way
and my sister to finish apparently this
is what I just heard her tell the sales
lady she's buying this for her YouTube
channel ready / really first you're
gonna make videos okay okay if you guys
know why that's a joke right
my sister make videos have you see their
outlets kitchen if last video was three
months ago and I made her make that high
well let's just take her word and see if
she doesn't make the video because I'll
be more than happy to see this new
makeup video coming out I just found out
my sister's YouTube expenses are more
than my whole life expect he bought over
a thousand pounds over two thousand
dollars worth of makeup this better be
like two hundred videos a day cause she
ain't making that back from YouTube
trust me
and of over six and a half thousand
dirhams
and and she's expecting to to make
youtube videos
oh that's it we're bankrupt we are we
are broke that's it she spent the not
sure you bought ah guys I can have three
of my YouTube cameras I could have the
best equipment and she decides to spend
it on her YouTube channel okay let's go
pick one pick one
everyone's Academy like why am i
blocking why am i blogging I look good
though so I don't even mind that
everyone can look at me today so I get
weird you on the other mine
happy birthday so we're eating in a new
place okay I'm going to be completely
honest with you guys every time I look
at the camera I smile like I just see
myself and came under view Cory here at
where my mom was trying to point towards
okay we're eating at Chili's where's
of course II forget every time I look at
the camera today I just feel softly we
like to get me I look like a model
what do you guys think do I look like a
model I know you guys all think I'm you
anyways let's just ignore order comment
saying although I hate you you look ugly
you guys are really known on that for a
sec today so I'm just going to leave
that that we're going to eat they come
in like these jugs acutally jugs in sob
here hopefully I'm having basically
wings wings and a small burger and we
should be good to go for seeing across
the new the best youtuber for makeup she
better make all of this back like she
spent over a thousand two thousand
dollars
she had a lot of money from makeup being
completely honest like I know the
morning I am I really
they're not big
by anyway she's going to be making ten
videos a day to make up for what okay
three week three week why you always
lying oh my god
stop lying okay we're taking
that we're taking that I will take one a
week for an hour guys okay 108 308 this
is the girl who put out video once every
three months so three a week we're
taking your word for it if we get any
less than that we're all complaining at
Lana Rose your instagrams going to get
filled up with hate now what the hell is
this three week so when's your first
when's the schedule starting
because it's late now
oh my god tomorrow you're starting with
three week so is your first video out
tomorrow I really don't want if it's not
deleted
why you always lie
my god ha ha ha and the award for the
best decoration on Halloween goes to
move logs in his family for putting up
one pathetic little spider well it looks
so perfect that is like the worst that
have that Halloween decorations I've
seen like at least don't even pay
anything out what the hell is this we
put one little spiderweb up like one
little one on a bush this big ah don't
ask any more just don't ask okay since
we're home let's see what rubbish my
sister bought okay time to show you what
$2,000 Oh almost $2,000 I think it's
like 1.8 K but you know we'll just round
up for now look I knew she'd spend a lot
as soon as I saw this receipt look at
that it's as tall as her body
damn you're supposed to be what the hell
yeah let's see if they didn't like miss
out a hundred pieces what the hell how
do you keep up with that I know this
video is him like really bruh I feel the
same way as you guys I would never waste
that much money on makeup obviously cuz
I don't buy anyway cuz I'm a guy but
that seems like a ridiculous amount but
just because she said she's gonna be
making YouTube videos let's just take
her word for it
let's just say it's worth it for now
just due to the fact that she said she's
gonna be using it all for YouTube videos
cuz that is something all these make up
for myself so we're gonna take her word
for it guys and trust that she is going
to be making videos but that is not to
say I believe her word I'm not promoting
that I believe forward so don't say you
got it for me that is strictly what she
is said not me I'm just time for being
what she said so she doesn't make videos
don't come to me saying mole you lied
your sister hasn't uploaded for five
months again I didn't say anything
I'm just saying that's what she said she
went and bought a ridiculous amount of
makeup which is still hard to believe
like I thought okay
she's got a load of pieces it might
become a thousand dirhams which is like
I know three hundred dollars but I
thought it might be like a thousand
dirhams not six thousand at max 46.6
it's almost seven my god
that's ridiculous look at this this is
all full of whatever makeup things she
has but that's not for YouTube videos
obviously this is what she needed for
our videos apparently I'm saying
apparently because you know I would have
been like doing it with anything I'll
just take Nutella and just do a makeup
tutorial for you guys right now now you
know do contouring with Nutella I just I
put a bit on your face it's it's look
anything liquidy you could do makeup
with that I've seen people do on YouTube
okay maybe it's not makeup tutorials
more like a challenge
you know okay not to let's go to your
face oh why would I put nothing on my
face you can do it okay mm like oh no we
are going to do it you don't need to
like it we will do it so you can contour
my face now let's go for uh I'm not
doing I'm not
okay I already do a few good makeup we
will do we will put make on your face
hit it okay okay okay okay today's vlog
is over but if this video in one week
gets two thousand likes I have to do it
if we get three thousand likes you have
to do it no I will not do not turn out
my face either I should do it so once I
show them what you're doing for us today
Neal Bray so what my sister is trying to
do get this powder outside it what
you're going to want to do to get this
out is you're gonna burn a hole under
the palate
okay if this doesn't work then you guys
know at home you shouldn't try it
the hole actually burns pretty quickly
don't move your hand here just keep it
there so I can show them the whole
burning it should be very easy we just
did it on the other one it didn't work
out like I think that's enough I think
that's enough
oh yeah I told you and you're like
notice the bell what my ways
once you touch to me yeah I told you so
silly I'm sorry guys I told her and then
she got to another day of fasting and I
was like I'm sure to met with silver
because it looks like it from the edges
you can tell the silver they're gonna
come out easy it's ridiculous I need to
open it first
alright try to put your hand on the side
so it doesn't pop out
much easier oh yeah look at that
thank you there you go DIY oh this is
hot I don't this is hot DIY was more
Lada alright if you're a girl I had the
same problems my sister Bernard do you
see the metal that's why I said is that
you there's first hole you burn through
you think you're ready you made one hole
but it's actually a plastic is another
layer same but it's two layers twofer
it's listened to the guys man they know
what they're talking about they know
what they talking about I will see you
guys is another love tomorrow
Yolo Yolo ridicu don't do this girl
don't buy this much makeup but yeah
we'll see you guys in another vlog yeah
leo low
