good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog we're currently going out
I'm not even sure but let's just go on a
road trip I feel bored I think I might
want to go to deira it's like an area
Dubai or way is it cool David it's
around that area I think it's close to
that two members that if you guys know
it's like a park slash beach I wanna
head over there see if we can go and see
cool things I brought my skateboard in
the boot and yeah let's just go have
some fun by the way from now on if you
guys want to make like small intros from
me like from all around the world
anything cool just be like good morning
guys and welcome to another vlog send me
the clips through my email please try
and make them like you know the proper
way around for vlogs and I'll try and
use them also just right you have
permission to use this clip so I know
that you're not writing or like sending
random clips you don't want me to use so
just yet do that please anyways let's go
and have some fun you know it's actually
so mad like for the past couple of days
it's been so cloudy here like I think
it's gonna keep raining 500 Kanye's yo
we just arrived at the beach guys or the
park actually the park has a beach next
to if you know I mean but this place
brings back so many memories as a kid we
used to live around this area and we
would come here like once a week at
least and it's just so cool anyways
we're coming to the entrance now BAM
there is the entrance our mum's our part
let's go buy our tickets
you guys are doing we're gonna believe
what happened we are so one other girl
we had a one hour drive here and we
failed so hard we didn't even check
today is a ladies only day my mom is
tearing up loser like we had two tickets
and the guy was the king of like bra is
this guy going in and though you know
what I'm skateboarding in the parking
that's why I'm doing
I came one hour I don't even mind to be
honest I just love this area like you
know when you go somewhere you are as a
child it's just so like yo I remember
that place I remember that place and
that's how it was on the way here I was
remembering everywhere but to be honest
there is like beaches where anyone can
just walk onto it so you might head over
I'm not too sure but for now let's put
this in the boot yo I don't know if you
saw but right before I go into the card
you might have seen him in like the
background I saw your squad odd actually
I've seen too for you guys today a one
eye so right now on the beach and the
other guy I think I told you on the way
I saw I looked at a car that's always
looking at me I didn't think anything
off it and then next thing you know I'm
saying I look look and that's or
something like kid doing a peace sign I
mean I was like yo what's up anyways
let's go we kind of failed today but you
know what I don't even care I don't even
care doesn't even hurt my feelings I'm
happy we came and just went around
I'll give you a bundle story of our so
heard you're seeing next to me when we
were young we actually like this road
with the place where everyone would like
to that little races and stuff
I'm not sure if you can see but there's
loads and loads of bikers you're like
there's not really Gracie when I you
know you play around with the and it's
really cool it's awesome
I'm sorry for the wind but there is such
an amazing yard to show you look at it
so the other side of this Beach is
actually another sea so it just goes to
Sharjah on the other side and this side
is Dubai this is kind of like the edge
of the sea
y'all is so loud my ear that was mad
since today we are visiting places I
used to go as a kid and where we used to
live this is around the area where we
used to live but like we used to live a
couple kilometers on the left but that
that huge building you can see over
there I'm not too sure if you'll see it
right there between my fingers that is
the Hyatt Regency now that is like one
of the oldest I'm not sure I want the
oldest hotels yeah my mom used to ice
skate when she was about 19 18 great 14
years old Oh 14 years old my mom used to
skate there that is a long time ago but
yeah I'm gonna go there see if I can see
any of my old old friends because they
used to go there all the time right I'm
gonna pass the camera on to my mom cuz
I'm driving this is actually the ice
cream we used to come to like every day
or I used to come here new is my sister
would come maybe once a week I think I'm
a lesson going on now actually like a
load of people grouped up the funny
story we always usually get in trouble I
don't know if you can see that room
there is the security room and they
would always tell us off like baby with
annoyed people would go too fast and
they didn't want it to get like messy
and our group of friends we were really
like bad we would always you're fast
annoy people and stuff like that it
always blows to the security room I
would be like oh we didn't do it let's
show since the CCTV that we did do and
then I'm like they actually used to give
us suspension from this place so we
couldn't come for like a day a week a
month it was madness anyways let's go
around guys check out the Christmas
decorations they have that is a huge
tree
I mean they've got more over there but
that's just awesome I think I like still
decorating because they even have all of
this stuff
that is a really really nice view I'm
standing by actually over there the top
I'm not sure if you can see that's where
the gym was we were like a member here
fall out of two years or something I
time to go to my old gym all right this
one's ready I guess this is the gym who
used to come with my sister every single
day like the gym she would come to a lot
obviously we have the bar and this is a
huge building look at that anyways we're
just looking around to see if anything's
changed but it looks exactly the same
look at the airplane I remember this
like the back of my hand
like we used to come here so much
there's the bar area right here yeah
it even smells like before it's
completely empty I remember my sister
booked out there's one up there if you
can see it there's a tennis court
somewhere up there I think so anyways
and we used to book that one out all the
time
ah so many memories so many memories I
loved it because this is where I grew up
basically but you guys might not really
find anything special in today's vlog
awesome views though okay let's go let's
go goodbye gym swimming pools - come -
we're home yeah this is my second home
you guys will pretty much know
what is going on down there let's go
down there take a selfie
I've come to the section of the wall
called the village and look at the
ceiling
there is hundreds and hundreds of
umbrellas I'm not sure what it is
exactly but it looks really awesome I
look at that last time I came here this
worked yes it does it just keeps going
like there's umbrellas for days out here
Johnny Rockets
yeah the dancing
oh I
my mom's at the bar and she did when I
come here she told me to go alone to eat
and I was like no I'm not going to go
alone
but they were nice for every six I
didn't have your food yeah I kind of
force it the company didn't you guys
love cars I decided to come show you an
Aventador outside I thought it's really
awesome maybe you guys want to see it
but here you go
so there you go guys that was the vented
or super awesome car I love the design
day before and that was a Ferrari for
five eight
anyways that Aventador is pretty much
allowed to show you look really cool but
my sister is here now I think we're
gonna go me are soon anyways I'm not too
sure I was going to walk around a little
and then maybe we'll call her but yeah
she's parked her car in the parking that
we have so anyway there we go home we're
going to see it
what does this do oh you put tender
homes in it gives you a coin
I am hella tired right now I will walk
around for ages so my sister kuda she's
a lot of them like coffee shops over
there we're just going to go sit for a
bit and then reevaluate our lives Lana
check this out guys the Lambo is in the
normal parking sisters Park upstairs
she's coming down to beat us and then
we're going to go back up I know it
sounds weird basis for easy trust me
come round
flippin hell was embarrassed what
I got okay stop all right let's go
that was loud you go ahead of us you all
right watch out
the cars so loud I feel partially deaf
in this ear because of that acceleration
my sister did in the thing in the
parking light actually hurts my ear now
anyways we should be home in like five
ten minutes and oh yeah I just got the
hiccups somehow okay yeah you can put
some songs on what we're both buying
cars those uh such a failure
she's legit blocked off she can't go
anywhere
I can't go right I don't even know
look at a drive like a noob
anyways guys I'm home now going to end
the vlog here if you did enjoyed the
vlog smash like button that rep in the
parking lot I think was the first time
you've actually revved it and one of us
has been outside so it was super loud my
ear is still numb for me I don't expect
it to be that loud still having to go to
play Monopoly I just really want to play
Monopoly and I haven't had the time to
anyways if you did enjoy today's long
smash like button I'll be back with
another one tomorrow
leave your suggestions of things I can
do and as always yalla Yolo
