good morning guys so today is the day
where I'm gonna go for a business
meeting at least at the moment I think
so anyways I just need to get an email
confirming it and I guess we're gonna
see if I can get a nice car for you guys
for a vlog if it is today I'll be really
awkward me saying this like it's gonna
be a title of the video anyways but I
think we first need to do some talking I
maybe plan out it I don't know I have no
idea what to expect to be honest but I'm
here in my mind the moment we're gonna
go to do some shopping beforehand it's
just the morning right now the meetings
at 4:00 it's currently like 12 o'clock
so you've got a couple hours to wait
let's just see how it goes down you guys
are going to see it in the vlog anyways
will be such a filth I don't go and I'm
saying this right now but yeah it's an
exciting day so it's that time of the
day we're going to my first meeting I
guess in a while I'm gonna go see if we
can get a super card and yeah I'm gonna
take you guys with me see how it goes I
don't think I can record inside but
you're just gonna know what happens oh
oh oh I'm really sorry anyways let's go
I'm kind of in a rush kind of late whoa
it's actually raining again twice twice
in the span of like two weeks yo this is
like a dream come true it's raining
again are you excited
okay it doesn't rain in Dubai but it's
raining it's been raining twice in the
span of like two weeks so I'm really
happy I love rain I love Sun but I just
like it being different so since it's
raining I'm happy it's pretty cool
I'm here I'm gonna keep you updated
after we have our business tools and
yeah let's just see what happens all
right meeting is over guys I'm gonna go
into the car and talk to you a bit about
it so I don't know let's see let's see
okay as I said I just finished the
business meeting or the meeting and we
had a lot of chat in there I'm gonna go
home and talk to you guys about
everything that happened I'm kinda in
the middle at the moment you guys will
know why but I just don't talk in the
car because I need to drive home I was
stuck in traffic okay light screen see I
hope that's the problem of recording in
the garden there's just so many cars
outside anyway so pretty much what
happened today was I went to a company
in regards to getting a car for the vlog
for you guys so it's gonna get a bit
business scene or any business yeah
basically the idea is I'm going to try
and get a car for you guys I know you
guys love supercars maybe make a couple
videos with it you know a bit of street
racing
you guys always love that already Striga
you guys always love lots of revving the
cars and just like you know what I mean
the red light killer is more anyways I
went on speaking to this company I have
been in contact with a cop actually but
today I had like one of my first
meetings with one of them and basically
what went down without me giving it like
all away is that first of all I had to
go say like the numbers I hit on YouTube
because you know your boys up there in
the number like we your squad is just
sharing the videos and making them go
wild by hundreds and thousands of views
okay not really but anyways um yeah just
basic stuff stats and stuff but the main
problem I think I'm gonna be having at
the moment is my age so if you guys
don't know when you want like to rent a
supercar being under 25 is kind of an
issue now I'm not saying you can't do it
but it is a little bit of an issue so
that's the only thing I could see
getting in the way at the moment but
then again I just have to see so I think
it is a big possibility of this
happening I hope it happens
you guys will love the video but that
has kind of been what I've been up to
today I just wanted to let you guys be
informed about what's going on and yeah
it's just I'm waiting it's like a game
of chess now I have to see the other
person's move anyways hopefully you
enjoyed me letting you know a bit more
about what happened today I didn't want
to leave you guys in the dark and I love
and I know that you guys love just
knowing about what's going on and yet I
spill what's been going on except from
that our garden is starting to look
amazing these flowers and grow now I
remember when he planted them in soldier
sprinklers your birds man what are you
doing ruining the vlog I remember when
we first put them they were like so
small and the sprinklers kept on
worrying them and now they're huge
alright let's go back inside if you look
inside my room you would think a bomb
went off really that is just disgusting
anyways I think this YouTube and
business stuff is just messed up channel
man I've been so busy today with all of
the emails and stuff like that I'm just
the worst business person ever aren't I
I'm joking so since today's topic is
kind of like business and YouTube since
we could go on a little meeting I'm just
going to cool it like something about
business I'm going to talk about the
shirts so you guys if you're on my
channel would you know of yourself
shirts about me a huge problem at the
moment and I told you I'd discuss it and
I've kind of waited up till now to tell
you so the companies or websites I was
going to work with actually don't work
with UAE so maybe it's just a ones I've
tried but that is kind of a huge problem
because the main ones that I was going
to work with I don't think they work
with you when I say I don't think I know
at minimum they don't ship to UAE so
maybe they would work with me but they
won't ship my product here so if I have
people here that want to buy it
that'd be a problem and that is kind of
something I want I want people here to
be able to buy it because I know loads
and my fans are from here I'm living
here so even me imagine I'm trying to
get my own shirt let's say on a buy one
and just give it to a friend I can't do
that so that is a huge problem so what
I'm going to do about it is I think my
only option is to try and make them here
and send them out
I know it's going to be like a lot more
work but I don't know what else I can do
maybe you guys do you know any companies
that will work with the UAE and actually
ship it there I'm just like kind of
putting out ideas you guys could help me
if you want in the comment section
I kind of don't know what to do like
this is a first for me as well like I
wasn't just like born and knew
everything so I'm trying to learn while
doing this YouTube stuff you guys could
help me out a lot of you do help me out
I want to give a huge shout out to one
of my Instagram for friends or Instagram
Bros he knows who he is he actually
helps me out a lot
stipe and stuff so yeah and I'll use all
of your help scare prank my sister just
got home okay ah boy I'm eight spongebob
squarepants spongebob squarepants splosh
splosh scramble guys we're trying to
show you snapchats new features yo okay
no I I have no idea how to record a
screen you know okay next up okay that's
like a bug yes Augsburg just go to the
next one see it's coming my eyes are
closed
are you ready three two one go
ah hey next gets the next one we've had
enough of this Oh Who am I supposed to
do one I doesn't have a cucumber on it
oh oh no I got allies on this old boring
free you the goddess of thunderstorms
Yoho
what the hell Japanese are Mazak and the
last one I'm a unicorn
Oh what that's so cool I haven't seen
the Sun you're damaged unicorn with the
rainbow one of my eye look
so if oh Jesus they got something are
you that bug down on me does it not have
a sound fight anymore try and pull up my
volume pop my ball you wait I'm trying
maybe you just need yeah yeah but okay
oh now stuff got serious one second
this is how we should have done it okay
next uh anyways that was a pretty fun
look at the new snapchat if you want to
follow me on snapchat or my sister
snapchat links are in the description as
always anyways I'm kind of tired with
this outfit now I might change out to my
sports gear and go play some hoop
yo I legit just did like a whole intro
that this and I came here and they've
closed it look at the door it's been
locked off really brah
really Jovana serious note okay look at
that pool it's empty I can just I can go
in right now I might come back that
looks tempting man look at that like
your personal pool no one uses this I'm
not even joking no one really uses a
simple actually I don't think I'm gonna
come back I think it might be a bit too
cold because it's kind of winter in
Dubai and I know okay fine it doesn't
get as cold as other countries but it is
fairly cold when you go in war I'm gonna
go out with one of my friends I'm not
sure if he wants to be on the vlog so if
he does you guys are going to see in the
vlog we're gonna go watch a movie I
think anyways unless it's sold out I
want to go watch the new Hunger Games
I've heard it's good actually I haven't
heard it's good but there's a hype
around all at the Hunger Games so
hopefully it is so I'm hearing my
friends say it's AI through blood now we
actually found out that the other cinema
they used to have in this mall is closed
down and they've renovated it to this
new place which actually looks pretty
awesome so we're going to go get tickets
to try and watch the new Hunger Games
right
alright let's just see if they have it
because it might be sold out we're
making our decision to watch either
Spectre Hunger Games so the 50 set side
means hi eggs yeah okay
oh are you guys legit lucky he did end
up going to Hunger Games I won the
little flipper coin thing and they have
legit no seats except from the front row
so we're going to be like blind after
this movie we're just going to get our
snacks now and go ahead and starts in
about 5-10 minutes I think I'm gonna
block this part though
this is actually north section we just
came to use the bathroom so if you guys
were ever wondering how to get into the
Platinum section without buying a
Platinum ticket we just asked where's
the bathroom they let us go in yeah
there's life hacks he he actually asked
I don't even like believe they were
letting us into the Platinum section
without a ticket
no another it's cooler look at all the
flags yeah before we left we decided why
not get some food how at KSC I don't
know where CH done okay he's going
around to look for food I just walk away
but yeah KFC is not really good for me
because I feel problems when it comes to
spicy food but I don't know I just have
it I just have it guys is actually
pretty weird cuz the stores have closed
down and there's just an Xbox there it's
open like anyone can walk up to it I
don't know how I feel about that I don't
know next thing you know Jim or it's
missing maybe never know maybe I soon as
I turn off the flow camera back here now
I'm kidding be insane lost the car for
about 10 minutes and we were searching
for it hey maybe it was it was like five
minutes but we found it right over there
okay let's go
go right go right go right right okay
yeah go right you know we're gonna
anyways guys that is a wrap for today I
just finished up with my friend it was
actually really cool we watched a movie
which is pretty dope to be honest it was
just a bit long I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here hopefully you guys did
enjoy it I know not much happened but it
was kind of a day where I was trying to
sort out stuff for future vlogs as
regards to this car and stuff like that
and the shirts but I'm gonna put
Monopoly downstairs so I remembered to
play I don't know why I haven't played
Monopoly and everything like 5 to 10
years like it was ages ago since I
played but it is my favorite game maybe
I can do like a no challenge on the
video I'm going short Benny's if you did
dresses like smash like burn and yeah
I'm sorry we didn't do much but you guys
kind of know why I did today I was just
sorting out a little things anyways for
now y'all know Yolo guys love you all
and I'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
