he's crazy that's why I don't know why
he's doing it what did you tell him
grumpy what did you tell him bubbles
what are you doing good morning everyone
and welcome to another vlog so today
we're gonna go to do some activities
outdoors I really want to go either for
them really cool water type of sports
things or if we can't get that then I
guess I'll be happy with a camel ride
I'm not sure what they have I just have
this I dropped my phone I just dropped
my phone so we're sitting in the car you
drop your phone okay let's go okay so we
finally made it guys I want to show you
this cool four five eight I saw that's
parked in this hotel it's pretty decent
right they've also got like an SLS over
there I really like red four or five
eighths I think that's the best color
we even got this Porsche over here
anyways let's continue and go do some
water sports I see a load going on right
now I just hope they're not like booked
ones which they've booked out so maybe
we can get our hands on one Academy can
flower check that out they've got the
camels walking along the beach you can
barely keep up with them I'm not too
sure how well you can see us it is super
super sunny Wow
so I think there's like a huge line for
the camels so I might just record them
walking boss for you guys instead of
going on there because I don't really
want to wait in the line though we have
live cameras walking by us
pretty awesome right we could actually
start a show collection look at that
that's awesome but ever try and find
more I can't find anymore that was like
the lucky one I can find small ones like
that here you can add this to the
collection
okay today I'm going to be doing
something a bit positive so even though
we didn't get to go on any war sports or
camel rides I'm gonna try and conquer my
fear of the ocean and the way I'm going
to do that is I'm really scared of those
shots I don't know what's under me I
just feel spooked out you know shark
stories etc etc so I'm gonna wear
goggles and go in and triangle as far as
I can alone okay I'm taking the gopher
with me so anything even close to
anything happens to be you guys will see
it and I'm just gonna swim back to shore
so you make amends with the team that
you've been through I can't read
leaving you alone until you find your
way back home
so you find your way back
I'm going to apologize I just couldn't
do it I went in the war I tried putting
the glasses on but you can't see
anything it's just too foggy and I just
completely suckered outfit so I'm really
sorry there's something moving in the
sand look at it
you see that what is oh is it
coming out what is that Oh Shh
what the hell is that okay let me see
what it is what you guys think kids is
like a crap okay I'm kind of scared
because it seems to be moving ha ha ha I
bet you guys are nights like that look
at my leg it looks like a monster
completely covered in sand don't lie you
guys got tricked you thought it was like
a crab okay you ready to cover me a
channel
yeah cover me and son okay all right
that's good let's let's see if you make
like in my heart shape on me
you see that they've got their own modes
whoa that is so cool yo is that guy
coming down
no way he's actually so close to
everyone
that's mad that is mad I don't know if
you guys do dishes all there's always
something really relaxing about the
beach when you come here don't you agree
this is what my mom is using to cover me
in sand no no okay start down below down
yeah I hate sand me on my face is this
the only equipment you can find my
slipper not even your hand
oh yeah look at the view think of my
toes Oh cramp cramp cramp oh I got a
cramp on myself
oh crap oh that is such a bad cramp
oh please stretch it out stretch it ha
ha oh I need to make like a pillow under
my head
Jake uncomfortable with a stroke from
sandy again this lecture hey what am i
we did maybe I didn't
okay I think I have a fill up there
right that looks like a pillow right
yeah
okay let's
this is the last one I'm not doing
anymore
I need to be super careful that I don't
like take my hand across my face with
sand okay don't worry there's no sign of
it now I see some light change the sky
okay see that it's like a jet let's try
and see how soon we can get to it
without really blurring it up it looks
like a jet this feels so icky Oh feel so
bad it is so weird
okay yeah let me know it definitely
smash the like vibe out this vlog no
it's probably so close to the heat
on his own
who feel so here
yeah they got got like a big round
thingy
kill you we did it okay can you draw the
clap for me
the draw me a six-pack
you're
yo
I can make Isaac why are you in covering
my are fitted covering guys I
always told you it's hard work and
dedication I get you a six-pack you see
I've got rocks on it six minute that
they get bigger this Hammond how the
cows careful imagine if instead of me if
I were to just give it all they take our
nest egg then we become
hiya so they can see the ad
hi guys it's time to say goodbye to the
six-pack it was really good having it
but it's just not for me
this is just not a perfectly yeah
anyways we took some awesome photos the
camels are passing by look at that
follow me on instagram i'll leave a link
in the description obviously as always
but the camels were walking by and i got
a selfie yeah that's amazing today was
actually one of the best days ever I
don't do I care like it's put me in such
a good mood this is the this is struggle
of not coming with the towel pretty sick
I'm gonna use my mom to drive right back
easier no this this is fine nothing
did you three day
having clothes I need clothes up your
back this is the footwear I'll be
wearing home okay nice legit toes which
are completely sanded hi
let's try and dust off okay that was a
wrap for today I really really enjoyed
it
you've got a really cool rolls-royce
there I loved the black ghost races
they're just my favorite color finally
would you get a black rolls-royce or a
white one I'm not really sure I think
I'd go for black any day and this
Ferrari is still there see the Ferrari
is still here let me know guys do you
want me to get a Ferrari for a day go
around with it just do some cool stuff
and yeah make a video about it if you do
let me know because that is really
possible I can just on a rent one for a
day or get a company to give me one and
I don't know what you guys want to see I
can easily do it let me know in the
comment section something I realized
today is if you guys drive you might
know this I just can't drive with
flip-flops is it just me or it's just
impossible okay instead you can see I'm
not sure if you can see I just barefoot
that's how you have to do barefoot it's
actually really hard pick out that
McLaren just retrace run back rack my
brain
come over here
I don't think you want to race with us
whoa where did Kitty run where's bubbles
everybody Oh bubbles I had to show you
this
I just this chocolate this is what you
call perfection like look at the
wrapping and then when you open it just
take a take a good look at that a
hundred grams of fine gold all in one
chocolate bar bottles peace see you
later man
I'm basically a driver right now my
mom's gonna go meet her friends and I'm
her driver like a look at this man
dishes this is brutality yeah all right
let's go drop my mom off with her
friends this song gets me emotional
inside
i misspelled i'm sorry i just read the
sun for everybody that enjoys this song
it was at this moment that the car next
to me realized we are in a street race
look at this place my mom's meeting our
friends in this hotel space Loops
Paulson like you I need to go left
please look sick
like all these palm trees anyway I got
left over there okay
okay let's go over here
oh I swear my mom's telling me I'm
coming the right way but this place
looks like it's just meant for buggies
okay maybe not I see a car what straight
straight you're look at that okay okay
fancy we're down this place looks cool
down okay let's go take a u-turn okay
I'll call you when I get home all right
that's right I'm just dropping off ha ha
sorry
are you good thing I've seen you in
YouTube you know how I'm buddy you know
that's pretty awesome the guy recognized
me as soon as I came to park but I told
him I'm dropping him off and he was like
oh I've seen YouTube videos that's cool
that's cool
ok let's get out of this place and go
home I'm not gonna vlog anymore because
it's kind of confusing all right let's
go let's go
oh boy what day hasn't it been let's
ring the doorbell I don't have keys I
just don't have keys I'm the only one in
this house that doesn't have the keys to
the door is anybody gonna answer this
door I've been waiting for like a minute
a whole minute I guess not
so annoying okay she's here
okay I came home and I'm playing so cool
of GU is Kyrie again BAM
where's the positive vibes man and we're
gonna play a game on the vlog okay okay
I'll tell you three things and you have
to tell me two of them are correct one
of them is false funny about you yeah
okay okay let me come up with three
things so two of them are true and one
of them is false you guys can play at
home as well don't cheat I bet loads of
you're just gonna watch the video girl I
need answer actually no that long is
gonna have an advantage over you okay
because if they watched yesterday's
they're gonna know what if them
instantly okay first one is I met Figo
and shook his hand okay second one
second one is someone took my autograph
and third one is I'm gonna get Ferrari a
company has agreed to give me a Ferrari
for one day to drive so out of them two
are true and one is close second true
versus horse
oh actually two of them are false
oh my life at 5:11 rut was that Ferrari
illegal or false
yeah oh you got it you got it ah I just
got I thought all right well that's a
wrap for today
enough of call of duty and back to work
okay lights out bubbles you go to bed
let me see how he'll react if I turn off
the lights
nope no reaction at all no reaction at
all is that Bo's is there there's no
reaction are you gonna kick me he
doesn't like me giving him belly rubs Oh
who's a good boy usually I think it
tickles him to us because he always
kicks me look at it
who's a good boy
it doesn't really care at the moment
well that's great I look like an
absolute idiot anyways I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I actually look really
really really weird I don't know how I
managed to do that to myself let's see
whoa okay that looks really awful
anyways I want to wrap up the book here
hopefully you did enjoy the book as
always guys be happy do more life just
keep going and you will get there
somewhere I dunno where I'm getting
YouTube but I'm gonna have some ice
lollies I'm really thirsty and this is
like a good snack / you know what I mean
and it is yellow yellow good bye peeps
would you just look at it would you just
look at it it's gonna keep repeating it
- it's a
