good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so today my mum is actually going
to be shooting my gun for the first time
our air rifle they can't get bubbles and
Kitty are sleeping on each other I mean
Wow
nappy time are they're always just
sleeping but I'm going to switch up the
targets for the first time we're going
to be using my super car ice cubes as
the target so I'm going to get one or
two of them out the refrigerator you can
see I've got like a couple of our frozen
in there like one two three four and I
think I might only need one or two I'm
gonna see if this gun actually breaks
the ice cubes or the ice I don't know
what you could have not really cute like
supercars so let's get the gun out of
the toilet and yeah let's go do some
chewing okay so we've got the ice cubes
here and I'm actually gonna go shoot
first because I'm not sure if my mom
gonna hit that actually should we give
you okay we'll let her try it we'll let
her try and hit the ice cubes and if I
see it starting to melt then I'll just
take over and try and get a good shot so
yeah let's set up and go shooting time
let's do this
just for the sake of getting a good shot
I'm gonna put them this way ah
okay I'll put one here all right
there we go okay my mom's about to load
the gun so let's see if she can actually
do it it's very hard
I doubt it to be honest yeah go on
harder got okay she got it let me just
give her a bullet okay I don't even know
how to open this with one hand okay
eventually we got it open now just put
that in you know which way right yeah
none of the other way other way push
that and push it and push it in push it
and then flip the gun up please do not
point at me I get now do you know how to
shoot right yeah you look between them
two and then it has to meet up with that
one
oh that I spelled down no okay please
all the gun away from me okay
don't aim at me no really don't okay the
ice cube fell down cuz I think it might
have melted so let's just try and put it
back up oh boy
is this gonna work there we go I don't
know why I don't feel safe with my mom
having the gun in their hands okay three
two one you not to aim right please
please don't miss by far I don't know
why I just feel like she's aiming wrong
oh I got scared I got scared
okay oh yeah let me try alright I'm
really hoping in a suit with the ice is
dying to know I put both died screws at
the bottom they're starting to melon
we've had a couple of shots this is
going to be the one I can
I'm kidding
I keep missing my shots I'm gonna give
it back to my mom and let her try maybe
she'll have better luck than me
let's go okay can she do it oh oh mom
has gone full sniper mode okay let's see
you can she hit it oh I don't even know
what she hit the reason I'm wearing
glasses is because a lot of you told me
the bullet will repel back I heard
something funny with my mom's side so
I'm just taking precaution in case it
bounces back in flash fibers goes wrong
and
you take off their glasses cuz we like
to collect those are the lucky glasses
as my mama said cuz I just heard of
massive smash come on mom believe ya
it's full it's loaded come on you can do
it I believe she's she's setting up for
a new angle oh boy can she do it can she
do it please I'm believing oh okay she
hit the middle one steered the IceCube
but not bad that was so good
did you mean to hit that one no that's
what I thought okay we're gonna try
again I want to hit the ice please let's
try again moment of truth
last shot make it count you hit it you
hit it oh my god I didn't see just
because I was all trying to record her
she hit him oh damn son she broke that
ice cube into bits okay I'm calling a
successful trip hopefully you enjoyed my
mime using the gun for the first time
last no new things you can hit okay none
apologies I'm still not even sure that's
not loaded
it's smash the like button if you
enjoyed what I'm doing it did you have a
good time all right
that is amazing I didn't even recognize
her she hit it damn I even put the ice
cubes next to the plant so when they
melt they can actually be put to good
use
alright time to go inside I am so happy
with that shot mom uses the gun for the
first time and it was successful should
I test if it's loaded okay this is not a
smart idea okay good that means nothing
is inside it just for those of you
wondering where my sister is at the
moment when we're doing this cuz she
does love the gun it's currently 6
o'clock or like 20 to 6 and she's
sleeping she's been
leaping from about two o'clock she went
in the morning dropped off the Range
Rover for service and now she's just
slept for like four hours saying she's
tired
mind blown I know right that's how Lake
how lazy is she I don't think she did
she don't really get much sleep anyways
but still from two to six damn son the
laziness is on another level here okay
all right just for those of you who
don't believe me there's a time I'm
going to go upstairs and show you our
inner from sleeping good morning good
morning at six o'clock the time is
quarter to 6:00
my sister has started to move I think we
have life yes
she's not dead all right goodbye locked
out of like what happened what did you
just say they can't hear you so two plus
twelve hours plus okay that's 14 hours
buh-bye I me and my mom are heading out
to go have some KFC my sister woke up
like at nine o'clock so she's not coming
it's really seven ok it's seven o'clock
we'll give you the benefit of the doubt
she has she's having like a little snack
so she's not joining us because when you
wake up you don't have the appetite to
eat so I guess it's just me you and
mommy mom let's go oh that was like a
wrap me you mummy mo let's go o some
bullsááá yo look at that that is like
stalking at its finest she doesn't even
know I'm recording her y'all
she actually doesn't even know imagine
someone could just come here and record
her she wouldn't even know Oh mad bro
why you mad bro I'm either make you sad
you're my bad bro we're stalking you
we're initially planning on taking a
taxi since we don't have the Range Rover
as it's gone for service but instead
since the weather is so nice and I know
I always say this we decided to take a
walk for some fresh air
PS the moon looks beautiful at the
moment let me show you that's how you
know the moon is so bright like it looks
like a huge star or whatever it is and
you can see on camera normally you can't
see on camera but it's super shiny today
that's why you can see it okay my mum's
got like a little head start let's catch
up if you guys didn't realize I brought
out my Jays today look at that fresh on
my foot call the taxi over this is
taking way too long I'm running to go
get it okay I think they'll like the
route we were taking was gonna take way
too long let's see if we can go thank
you
okay good news I just asked security and
we found KFC so it was here we didn't
come to the wrong place
BAM there we go let's go inside and eat
there's even seeing okay I'm trying
something new for like like AMC so
normally I just get like the original
pieces we're getting some what's it
called
Christie strips I think that's what it
was like these Polish strips and after I
might be a bit adventurous and get
myself a you know what milkshakes yeah
okay I haven't had one in a long time
mom why are you having my mum's always
always shares annuity like wherever I
get you'll just have one one spicy part
but that's why I just got two meals I
got strips and original pieces so we can
like
yo by the way I'm wearing this watch
after a long time I found it and I was
like damn I would make myself a sandwich
when I come here so I just think the bun
it comes with and I just start lining up
chicken and then we have ourselves a
huge chicken sandwich
there we go it looks good right bye so
we're done with the KFC for now and I
did get myself a chocolate milkshake
which is free it's going to be delicious
I would try this I can't say is the
magic that somewhere it tastes that way
or we need to go do some quick news
shopping for the cat and ourselves when
you chill as always I don't know how
much milk we go through but we drink a
lot so let's go do that and I'm gonna
have my milkshake now I had to get this
they come with a Coco Pops bowl you
happy
yep I'm definitely in that let's go I
almost forgot about this little magic
toy we bought the other day so I'm gonna
start using it trying to come good at it
and then I'm going to see if I can trick
you guys into following the ball so just
give me like five minutes and I should
be a professional we've changed up our
studio and it all became into the cats
to make sure they don't fly to the
outside but I didn't learn one trick and
I'm going to show that you guys so we've
got three cups here and a bowl and your
challenge is to follow this bowl okay
alright so just you just take your cups
you just take them
put them here now hey you put the cup
here or the bullet on the center okay oh
yeah well not to trick your heads okay
so you just dip the cup put here you put
here and now I'm going to blow your mind
so wait what how did that get under it
wait what you guys don't even know so
we're going to put this back into this
one okay first of all let's take this
Reena alright guys I just can't do magic
I'm sorry I tried twice the booklet
makes no sense at all and yet I was the
best I could do for you guys so
hopefully you enjoyed it anyway that's
been magic with ball for today I'm gonna
just put this away does anyone want to
just comment down below send out to
anyone I don't want this rubbish anymore
it doesn't work there's just like four
bulls I don't even know I was just to do
with them I think bubbles and Kitty are
just having fun with this guy outside
are they talking me I know they
communicating with each other I'm not
too sure about at least they don't fight
like Toby fights with them this black
cat doesn't really do much I was in a
fight with this fly he's getting so
irritated at the moment did he get it he
got it he ain't it oh my god Oh mom was
actually spat the fly out there's the
fly guys I'm gonna go put him here so
bubbles they're not annoying
there you go until he heals whoa is that
Lamborghini oh my god so that's what
they look like
all right guys I'm gonna wrap up the
vlog here we're just heading out to see
some family I'm gonna stop vlogging here
so did enjoy the vlog till now smash the
like button and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow another one Yolo Yolo goodbye
