good morning everybody and welcome to
another vlog we're starting fairly early
we need to go get Kitty and bubble some
food because you know they eat so much
and they run out of food like every
single day somehow I don't know if you
guys had this as a kid but let me know
it's these Hubba Bubba like tape bubble
gums if you know I mean I remember like
that was the thing in primary school
like all my friends are like ah can I
have some like you only get like an inch
or two centimeters or something and
they'd always like we don't know give me
an extra cent in me about no I have a
Bubba and everyone would always do that
was so funny tell me if you guys had
that is all it might have just been
something that my primary school had a
lot by doubt I reckon a loaded you had
that as well all right guys there's a
Saturday we decided to come back to
Tamara beaches also said last time we
came I'm gonna go for that ride the
slingshot I can't take the camera with
me but my sister will be recording from
down so I need to sign my life away sigh
it where do I sign it so if I sighing
there you go I'm getting strapped in to
go on this I don't know let's go okay
I'm just holding the camera now I'm not
taking it out with me guys cuz it'll
fall away my sister's gonna be doing
that from down there why didn't you join
in man I video me holiday I could just
let me know where I can stand like
where's the closest I understand okay so
what you wanna what you want to catch
you when I catch a whole team yeah so
whole thing you have to catch them here
oh yeah so basically from here yeah you
will have fun or if you want you can
come all the way down but then you need
to let's do this maybe four I don't
press reaction it's better because
like really another you too I guess
special right oh my god just yeah I
special people
oh yeah all right just uh yeah that's
good basically here but you have to be
fast yeah as in one second he will be on
okay okay are you just doing counting
down so I can't be ready I get a
countdown all right
I'm really nervous don't worry we'll
catch you people I know you're not gonna
count for it you're just gonna layer it
I could doubt
yeah like then
yeah
oh that's hi it's actually someone
oh I got a nice countdown to stop
your heart goes again out right
you're gonna be fine
nothing different happening this sassy
is okay on quit okay come on make some
shaking that look on your face I can't
do it
Oh
oh yeah
haha that's why it's special they can be
special bit like their one eggs I like
shake so at evening should I do it I was
scared I don't recommend that I would
love her someone who's really scared I'm
until you up that was amazing yeah so
how I should say to you lady if you can
convince her I love her to do it I think
I'm just not crying you should get ready
try it nice it's good but I can't do two
rounds you know maybe one second
and that's it second I'd love her to do
I think do it it's a good experience
okay so they somehow convinced my sister
into doing it so you guys are gonna be
in for a treat today on the vlog I have
no idea I was trying to say please
please come with me but not if told her
to do it she said yes so that's awesome
all right good luck
Lana's signing her life away right now
there you just sign your life away I'm
telling you it's super sick like it's
really really scary actually we have
more girls than guys really yeah
Wow what's the job what's the eyes can
be the girl you know yeah like we're
going to try take the get it I wanted to
do that sir I'll let you go yeah hi good
luck oh it's actually really it's really
bad
I hear numbers going on
how'd you feel about this the you signed
your life away that's yeah this is gonna
be bad guys there's like an audience of
people watching here as well and it's so
it's so fast like the countdown also
makes it worse they're like five four
they should hit you up all right good
luck good luck good luck is she gonna be
great because a good thing the countdown
five hit back on - yeah okay let's see
she's gonna be so that's really faster
that right yeah that's gonna I didn't
expect it to just go bang think I'm
second something you know like 16 meters
really oh I feel so bad for her okay
oh this is all you're gonna you're
getting your chick how is it did you
enjoy that
this anyway countdown oh my one
more are you crying
is it mixed emotions right now that Ryan
is so scary when you're calling my don't
you still think you're gonna fall okay
guys we just finished up with that ride
it was super super fun like when you go
up it's just that adrenaline that's
specially they didn't even count down
after my eyes you don't you told me the
guy told me he's gonna Frankie he's
gonna count to two and then you don't
even get a countdown it was like double
prank it was sheer awesome
I was closing my eyes and he was trying
to do it quickly so I could have my eyes
open
really I know I was super awesome
animator just stopping by to get a drink
and watch me was when it was coming down
for like no I was the worst week for me
was going down cuz I felt like I'm gonna
smack into the floor alright guys so I
came to this really cool place and I saw
this off the Teddy's blog before you
guys like mold Vitaly did this yes I
show this off his vlog and we somehow
found it it's this really cool Nutella
place and they have like pancakes that's
awesome so did you guys see Vitaly when
he was here you don't see it oh yeah
actually I tried to see result I got it
you want a pancake or hey yo look at
that
just yes just one play oh yeah we just
get one that's so cool they have a wall
of fame there let vut a DS right there
maybe I'll be there one day right
imagine my picture can go right there
somewhere
where'd you get these nutella's from are
they only for you guys you might
actually be on there one day we're
negotiating our hunter we're negotiating
you're appealing to the world a favor
we'll try to see imagine I come back and
I'm there I can have like a similar
picture on the wall right there
so you said all right thank you
yeah of course not that I saw anything I
know that's that's all I came here for
that's all I read you get these they're
huge
yo so much Nutella all right thank you
thank you
good seeing you okay Sony's got a load
and not tell it with pancakes are you
gonna have some wow that's like yeah I
was like I mean it's loads and loads of
nothing on that yo okay if anyone comes
to take
by the way we've been seeing loads of
you here today so show it to the yo-yo
squad we're getting there we're getting
big guys we were like are we gonna be on
the wall of fame is it really hot I feel
that I feel on the round okay we'll have
it later all right guys we're at the
beach and we're doing some boat hunting
these are antique boats are these
antiques I don't even know they look
awesome no no yeah I don't think this
had been used for a while they're super
thing what's it called like there's
loads of bottles in there and stuff
y'all let's go explore
hi guys we're gonna go explore this
haunted boat yard come just come trust
me why are you flashing me
I don't think were supposed to be here I
kid as a rope here I don't think I'm
gonna go past this boat yard
even though it is it looks pretty spooky
at night though because it's kind of
dark it's actually not that spooky now
though we've come here oh wait I swear
heard annoying I swear I heard a noise
I'm gone I'm gone no way guys when I
hear a noise I'm out I think it was just
like the cloth on it but I don't care
hey such an awesome shot whoa I don't
know what they're doing to the right
what you reckon is for like a concert
it's for an event that starts on Sunday
how did I
I don't know to intercept event and then
they don't know either it was just an
event okay
we're done with the beach for now we're
gonna go find somewhere to eat we were
gonna eat here but then we were like
let's change up we did everything that
we could have done at the beach we
checked out that slingshot which was
scary as hell man we also went to that
cool store which sold them Nutella like
pancakes and we even went in ran into
that no even when we kind of ran into it
we saw like loads of boats parked in
this dark place and were like yeah let's
go check that out okay let's change the
spot for today because I think we did
everything as I said doctor
for eight six one six I got a missed
call from your human on my lick night
firstly cuz it was late night knows
dusty hey we just finished in tomorrow
and we're gonna go to another Beach yeah
we like to try going everywhere so now
we're gonna go and eat some dinner I
have no idea what are we eating I don't
know we just have to go see right yeah
that's one of them sports ones you know
those are like bowler scars you see that
yeah I did
they were in love
can you
each other's way
this is so amazing
what you guys so we're here at JB our
yo-yo is so dark
there's a fully open the lens you
cracked your neck
we've come to aprons and hammers to eat
just because my sister wanted a hear but
your boy went ain't got some PF chains
y'all let's say ghost stories Oh imagine
do you have ghost stories to tell them
and Hammer it was one day lately at
night someone saw Lana slice and dyed
the shot cuckoo I actually ordered
myself PF Changs I'm gonna bring it here
to eat cuz you know your boys a cheater
and I really like that you again so I
might come back I don't know anyone on
gherkin I think it's ready oh yeah I get
five more minutes oh you don't pick up
my food
what did you guys get shrimps okay the
lighting here is so cool you know that
oh my god oh my bread oh thank you you
saved me one
oh yeah butter - check this out guys
andrea has a button oops
so you can change the color of it
that's dope I ran into one of my really
really old friends basically we were
pretty much me and his brother were
friends from when we were born right and
then since he was born I knew him so
that's a how many years how do you know
like 40 okay Groucho
I said 14 but yeah you can say hi to the
dog
you don't show you your school so if you
guys wanted to know some people I know
you guys always say I have no friends
you see these are my friends so all
right let's go say bye to everyone else
let's go
I was pretty awesome we had like a long
chat the guy just showed you on the blog
being his family or like our family
should be like good friends for ages but
we obviously my mom always goes out with
them but we ran into each other I
randomly I recognized them as a young
mom yeah okay so now that's like kind of
someone actually read the blog because
he doesn't mind being in the blog yo
let's go
yeah Oh after we ate yeah we left it in
the car and I was like Oh guys we wanted
to show you this tower if you notice it
actually swirls so this is the butter
and when then you go up you can see the
edges they turn into like to like to
just turn around like rotate that's the
architecture its finest yes hey grumpy
we're home guys basically we've named
him grumpy or wait what did you name him
uh he left All Right see you later
grumpy all right guys I'm home and I
wanted to talk to you guys before I
ended the vlog and it's about something
I actually watched on YouTube yes I
watch a lot of YouTube videos myself I
was watching some guy I can't remember
exactly why his channel was cool but in
it he was talking about how he put his
mindset like today I'm gonna have a good
day and he had a great day and after I
watched that I tried it today so I was
having like a not so good day before and
I was like you know what who cares let's
just be happy for today and as soon as I
went out everything just started going
my way and it's actually really amazing
Ally you can control your own like life
or just happiness in general so if you
guys are watching this video I want you
to take away from today's video is just
be happy just try and go out with a good
mindset just put your head on something
and go for it and you should go forward
yeah that's it that's the words of
wisdom from all anyways if you did enjoy
today's log as always smash the like
button leave me suggestions of things I
can do and I'll try and be my best yeah
Leo lo peace
