hi guys mo here and welcome to another
video so the other day I made a video
and any I said if we had 4000 likes I
try and cook an egg on our Lamborghini
when the engine was hot me and my sister
just took the car out for a spin I think
we did enough to heat up the engine as
you can see we got that
we made it
so now we're going to try and cook an
egg on the back of the engine because is
boiling hot at the moment let's begin
this is so embarrassing okay I went
inside I got myself a sheet so I can
cover the Lamborghini just in case
anything happens and it doesn't get
scratched up so we're gonna put this on
the engine bay
so hot feels so hot our coils you need
to click a nation size go
I think that should be enough right
there we go I think it's ready to cook
I'm just going to leave this here and
hopefully it should be put enough to
cook bag let's just give it like two or
three minutes and I think we should be
good to go a few moments later it's been
like a good five minutes I think it's
hot by now I can't tell if it is so I'm
just going to try and crack the egg I'm
not doing it on the car because I think
if I do it I'll make a mess so I brought
I do it with I think I think it's failed
God let's see and let's put it back on
the car and see if it cooks so I hope it
works let's give it a good couple of
minutes I'm going to bring the camera
here so let's see if it works out is it
cooking I'm not sure let's just wait a
little bit more I'm just going to give
it a couple minutes hopefully it should
do it come on I see a bit of white I see
a bit of white please don't do this to
me okay it's cooking it's cooking it's
cooking it is hot it is hot it has to
cook I believe okay this is going to be
so embarrassing people look at us we've
got a Lamborghini and the egg cooking on
it I think the bottom part is hotter so
I'm gonna put it right here instead
hopefully it should heat here oh we're
getting something we are getting
something to see that it's turning white
a few moments later oh my god no way
this is actually working
oh my god it's taking very long I'm just
gonna keep cutting until I can see a
clear difference but there you go it
actually is working I'm gonna wait see
if we can like wait a bit more and get
it to be fully cooked out if not I think
this is still successful it's been about
25 minutes and I think this is as far as
we're gonna go so it's kind of cooked I
don't recommend eating it because I
don't think it's fully heated up but it
did work so I'm really happy with the
result if you did enjoy this video smash
the like button and share it when you
friends I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another video Yolo Yolo goodbye
