that was very good amazing good morning
guys and welcome to another vlog I
actually have a philosophy I think if
you dress nicely or think that you're
dressed nicely it will make you feel
better and in a more positive mood I
think I've dressed nicely today my mom
disagrees she doesn't like this shirt I
don't know why she just doesn't look
like it but I think your boy is looking
fresh
no do you agree with me I said I think
I'm dressed amazingly today all right
we're heading off to the doctor's I need
to get my buck checked her too
please I joke enough just kiss just for
a checkup
you'd rather be safe than sorry so if
the line not because we haven't been in
a while so might as well go now see you
there
my mom wants to vlog for you guys today
how's it going mom in mad all right
my sister had an amazing idea I think
we're gonna cool that billboard
it says cool to advertise and see how
much they're gonna charge to put my face
on it I want to put my face on that
billboard so I can get publicity for my
beauty right there all right we're here
at the doctor's allied Medical Center
okay it's time to see if there's
anything wrong with us okay
hopefully there isn't but as I said it's
rather you just rather be safe than
sorry right yeah what's up they told us
they helped upstairs because we have a
special case on our hands
this is where their places I think I'm
going to be a rebel
bingo from the male seating area to the
female seeing area hey I'm just joining
the females
okay all right we're leaving it took
about five hours to diagnose all of us
they said generally your whole family
has problems mentally so now we can head
off home but on a serious note we are
all fine apparently don't know how that
happened we're all perfectly fine you're
look at that view that's a bike yeah
that's that's beautiful
especially with all the lights and it's
like sunset type of thing you always
just want to go to that pink building
that's all you're saying we're on a
mission right now
the first sweet / candy shop which is
not English or like normal candy we're
gonna go in and buy stuff for a
challenge video so she'll be completely
random we're going through this road
which looks like it should have some
sort of candy shop they have fish that's
what I know but first candy shop that
comes by we're gonna go buy candy and do
a challenge in here so we're gonna go
where no sure you go to eat something
out so Indira we're a block guys pretty
much we did find two three chops and
it's a public holiday today we forgot
so where's Kalifa they were closed but I
think I want to show something there's
some sauce
I dunno where should I go for them hi so
you parked up and we're going to try a
new restaurant today I'm very sure the
food they have but it's cool Beirut
let's go and see what they have let's go
try this restaurant out it looks very
nice
so our order is going to be we're going
to have one cheese sambusa maybe chicken
wings for me I'm not too sure we're
definitely the cheese sambusa so he
placed our orders and they have
something really cool like it's a push
for service button so if you press it
down you know like olden times that have
that metal bring her and then someone
come to you this is like an electronic
one so if you push it they'll come serve
you I ordered myself a chicken shawarma
I thought I was going to have something
like a grill but then I was like I'll
just keep it simple
I think are you guys having your chicken
char myself are you guys sharing your
shawarma or all right they're sharing it
because you know
like they eat too much so they feel for
one day we're going to die and not Jacky
they they so little it's ridiculous are
we even going to take away the rest of
it all right this is what you hold a
subbu's job I would normally have the
trying occasion it's so hot it's so hot
okay
I'd already have the triangle shape once
I've never had one of these
Dave football hot very hot they weren't
kidding when they said it was a big dish
this is what it is it's like he's not up
shawarma rolls
I find it found a sweet shot it's got
like full Arabic sweets you can see so
I'm going to pick out every single one
and hopefully by the time this video is
out there might be a challenge with you
out I'm not too sure at the moment but
once I get home I'll definitely let you
know oh yeah that definitely does look
like her look is that carrots here
showing the place yeah there's like
these are all the different sweets that
one I know
different roles are in diesel the last
week a few moments late today we're
going to be doing a challenge in the car
I'm calling it but we're driving
generally we were just a driving
challenge so the challenge is I want to
see if you can make it all the way home
with my sister's driving without the
camera falling it's actually going to be
quite hard I know you guys think you are
that's going to be easy but the camera
feels quite low and categorize
oh you're definitely gonna lose here oh
okay I'll fix it I said if it thought
life is slides you don't lose okay
that's like minus half a point oh I
didn't get my end score back you made it
you made it died a first bubble coming
up I think eventually a lot of these are
gonna go well
dude if any car comes I'm gonna tilt the
camera hardware can I do it it's to it
half of it so that's your Ville I mean
you need to slow down from now you
touched it I'm with it in between good
anyways I guess that is an L she pick it
out on that challenge anyways guys I
guess you would have won if I did change
the hanging I change the angle but it
was a bit too easy with that regular
angle unless you were going a bit fast
so that's a win and a loss I think I'll
do bare so thumbs up this log if you
want me to attempt this challenge I made
it up on the spot so yeah hope you
enjoyed all right we got on I didn't
mention we bought candy and we are going
to make a challenge video off that song
make sure it comes up before you're
watching this vlog so you would have
watched it if you haven't watched it
already we don't know what it tastes
like do you know what it tastes like
sweet that's all we know so thanks again
sorry I'll leave a link to the video if
you haven't seen it already because I'll
chiming come out for this much is good
just wrapped up our candy eating
challenge I swear she's so annoying the
game she knows it she get on to brushing
us does she want
sweets in front of you and you're eating
slowly it's not you know the kids like
when people are kids in they just watch
the candy that's what you like okay
anyways make sure to check that video
out it's gonna take the Lords of editing
just because of her yeah she get one the
thing is imagine this is a challenge ago
we had to try one a time and she just
kept going back to the same one we tried
at the beginning
anyways Bob was trying to wrap up the
vlog for today we'll see you guys later
yo-yo squad bubbles out Galliano
