yo everyone good morning welcome back to
another vlog so we're gonna get straight
into today's video with a little idea I
have I saw this video on Instagram where
a Ferrari was like running over money
and it looked insane like it was
shooting out money from the back so
right now we're gonna try and recreate
it and see how it goes
aside the way this is real money so
hopefully it doesn't damage my money
alright P money actually real money
stock back you only have one shot no no
what
so guys we don't know Ross shit is
actually our house right now as well and
he's on the roof somehow I tuned
that was a fail nope
I don't know why did he do it insert the
other professional dues yet you actually
ripped the money no no do you think the
bank will take this you're just
destroying the cash bro I think this
just means you have to quit right now do
you think the bank would take this oh my
god
salt Bay money Bay hey guys I just want
to say rest in peace to a thousand he
looks like he's gonna cry
look at my ten dollar notes they're like
literally in two pieces right now
oh all right guys so right now he
quickly came inside now here is the
thing my sister is playing a game of
FIFA against Raschid you guys know guys
the reason my sister's excited is cuz
Benzema flirted with her
you know you're playing with Ben's Aman
you met him in real life because you
hold down the button hi guys we're gonna
accept the hell this time we're gonna
accept the El okay so here's the thing
right now me awashed are actually
heading out and I'm actually meeting up
with someone I've never seen in real
life before I met this girl on Instagram
and she went to my school but we never
actually met like she was in the year
higher than me alright so basically
right now we're meeting up with an
Instagram model so it's a pretty cool
story I'd sort of see what's up hangout
she sees free chill guys and calm down
in the comment sections ok cuz I know
you guys are gonna wall down but yeah
let's go hang out and see what she's up
to
yeah oh hi guys so right now I just made
it over to who I'm meeting and check it
out
this is Fifi guys so you want to
introduce yourself I introduced I don't
know and she went to my school but
basically she does like modeling on
Instagram on Instagram I found her
Instagram page and she's a model
basically right now we're gonna go out
and just hang out so right now we're
with a friend
yeah and we're gonna do is gonna have a
little race
all right we want the right
okay so right now me and Fifi have come
to the supermarket and she is super
interested in Arabic writing guys I've
never had a girl telling me to take her
to the supermarket before all right now
she is she's snapchatting all the
packaging it looks like you work here
right now you're like checking the stock
on everything no you are one special
girl right now yeah I want a very
special girl I don't know what my life
has come to right now but I'm taking
people's supermarket shopping and divide
by the way guys check out her bag it
looks insane she's actually like a
painter not not a drawer a painter yes
and she painted this bag it's like a
machine Oh bag but she made it like a
custom what is special it's English
writing but it's red these is red
bottoms this is bloody this is one weird
girl right okay right now we just
finished up basically we just went to
eat and went to the supermarket and yeah
is that like the best date ever not date
night
I love check her out she's on Instagram
let's go guys when our saying goodbye to
the guys I get out the car
get out the car yeah if you see you bye
thank you for today
there you go boys that was the girl I
was beating up with obviously guys
sometimes I just like meeting new people
because it's good till I learned others
like Hina it was just cool anyways my
boy Roshan is back hey where are we
going now paintballing ok so right now
we just made it over to paint morning
guys basically my boy Roshan went and
more like 10 layers so he doesn't get
hurt oh my god okay so right now we are
about to start paint boiling let's go
I'll put the mask okay go wooly so right
now we just finished up down gang game
guys bad he shot me right in the chest
look look at the shot guys hey Roger
what are you doing guys this is what you
call peace at the end of the game peace
that is great look how would these guys
have over here damn so these are airsoft
guns right guys basically they can
actually shoot people they say it
doesn't hurt that much but I don't
really trust it so let me shoot you okay
are you sure why do you seem nervous
my god I'm gonna shoot the ground first
just so you know it's real you see that
guys
three two one bro you flinched you
flinched did it hurt I'm letting a kid
howdy he's 14 years old he's shooting me
right now now we are officially dumped a
pony okay so now that we're done with
the paint boiling right now I'm quickly
back in the gun store hey yo what's up
oh my god I want that right that what
you have in your hand in for anyone am I
allowed to buy it yes yeah I follow the
rules you see me I had one so right now
I'm checking this rifle out guys check
it out basically this is a bow and arrow
put an hour in and you go and then when
you release it just can it kill someone
the years of course if years in the real
life basically this arrow goes inside
here and you can actually go hunting
with this thing so here's the thing the
one thing that I actually really want is
that bow and arrow but I actually need a
license for it guys so why don't they
trust me
our voice so we are officially back home
after an amazing amazing day now here is
the thing I actually need to talk to you
guys okay because if you guys remember
about a week ago basically I told you
guys that I'm gonna start investing some
of my money into this Bitcoin thing now
I did I have so far put in $10,000
I made buddy I've made money guys now
the thing is I'm not telling you guys
this to invest don't if you guys don't
know what a vision don't bother
investing if you don't know what it is
you could lose a lot of money
I have friends who've lost $100,000
overnight like boom like crazy I I made
$1,000 I it's nothing crazy but you can
also lose a hundred thousand in 24 hours
like literally like that
oh yeah anyways I just wanted to keep
you guys in the loop of what's happening
I've made money I'm so happy you guys so
far okay I did actually lose on the
first day but now it's back up let's see
how it goes yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another epic video if you
have enjoyed today's video smash the
like button make sure to subscribe and
comment down below to win an iPhone X
and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow yeah
leo
