hey drop hey hey hey good afternoon
everyone that's different for once we're
going somewhere awesome today so you
guys can come along we're gonna go to
Global Village
basically it's some michaelis are not
good car first it's somewhere that has
all of the countries me and my mom are
going my sister tagged out on this one
she wasn't in the mood to cash dynamin
that's your thing and yeah she doesn't
really like walking around for too long
in heat so me and my mom are going let's
have an amazing day all right guys I'm
gonna be honest we're kind of stressing
out basically I've taken like a hundred
wrong turns the Sat Nav isn't working
properly as you can see like it's just
driving us around the place and I don't
know if we're gonna make it yo we
finally got yeah oh my god the way here
is so stressful
at one point me and my mom were saying
all right let's just turn and go home
but we finally made it and I'm happy
this time I'm gonna vlog it properly so
if you guys don't know I think I was
here like four months ago my vlogging
channel was really small and I didn't
vlog anything properly at the time I was
super shy when it came to vlogging and
if I saw anyone around me I'll just not
vlog this time we're gonna do it
properly so let's go and have some fun
all right mom you ready you ready for
some fun
nice to you agate I think we came on the
wrong route there's a train route here
this is the most beautiful place I've
seen last time we came the entrance
wasn't like this look at that
yo Wow that's all I can say really Wow
you gotta kids let's go in they look
pretty cool I've got a blue one my mom's
got a red one and that's the entrance
guys I'm gonna take you for a 360 tour
starting off with London they're a
little bus and Big Ben I think I'm not
sure don't snore me what do you have
China over there
The Verge over here look at that they've
got like a small little replica of it
and then I'm not sure the other places
so let's just keep moving the space
looks amazing yeah look at that I think
you could pull that off as a real watch
halifa from the picture hey let's just
keep moving I've got caught up in this
place just because of the buzz what is
this country what is that
I don't even know what this place is let
me know am I being like weird how we
even forgot about is that Paris huh Wow
Wow
no that's Sydney I swear you said London
wow that looks beautiful funny enough
that entrance we just came from we've
never been there before I don't even
know what this side of the place is
supposed to look like it's the first
time you got all the countries over
there that's Kawai Yemen Iran and then I
can't read the neck now Saudi Arabia as
the next one and India alright okay
we're gonna start off with Yemen because
it has a really cool outside let's go so
they're all about their honey here
they've got loads and loads at all of
that
what's that they've got loads of knives
very cheap
four hundred
are they made of like voices it's like
this is like a traditional one letter
okay this horn what is used for is just
decoration
oh okay okay thank you
next stop is gonna be Iran let's see
what there is inside here
okay so straight away we can see I think
they've got a lot of carpets
alright okay we're done in this section
I guess we got loads of salt pools and
stuff they give out like loads of
samples of everything when you're here
so when you were in Yemen section they
give out honey samples I think over here
you got a couple perfume samples so
that's what my mom got but yet perfume
yo you got three at once there man Hey
look at that
I got this small new ice cream I
remember when I was a kid they would
have these ones but really huge
India that's so good they want lies the
tiger
at school okay
somebody tell me what this is I don't
even know it just looks like an amazing
entrance go stand inside there this
section was all India you know that from
there to there it's a huge section over
here hey I'm gonna go take a selfie next
elephant look how big the elephant is I
might put that as a thumbnail shot I'm
not too sure it was so busy everyone was
the heroes but yeah I just tried to
squeeze it and get myself a little self
use of juice over that I thought it was
tea I asked if it was tea but it's
tamarind juice okay I know I'm
pronouncing that really badly right now
did you see that little smiley walk
across you like you had like a cool
mustache is so easy
the switch is really cool so make sure
if you'll check out the village if
you're ever in Dubai in somewhere you
can just come to relax and it's actually
really really cheap to get in the entry
tickets are 15 dirt homes that's like
three pounds you can just come check
everything out and buy a load of thing
what's that no this is Iraq there you go
yeah I'm not gonna go into many more
countries because I'm getting kind of
tired now but guys that ride it's on as
the scariest ride
okay such things your ride is closed
I'm gonna try and convince my mom to
come with some rides me Leslie I don't
think sure she wait even when I went
towards the slingshot I drew like that's
dangerous out of a mile of companies she
says she believes me again when you
cover that with me
I don't please
please whatever I do my mom is gonna
ride
no edge a sensation of Lord
no no what do you have to sense a vlog
there's no blog today because of you
you know it she doesn't have anything
eyes he just stared okay guys my mother
is extremely scared of heights and she's
not coming with me on any of the rides
so I guess we can skip this section cuz
all the rides are good I like either
very fast or very high as you scared a
boat mercury do
good the ice-cream see there
there's kids legit running through this
no way
okay so now we're at the Chinese section
let me go find my mom I kind of lost her
as soon as you enter a Chinese section
you see this cool little temple that
everyone sitting under alright I want to
see what they have in this Chinese
section Bugs Bunny was he Chinese what
is this your oriental my amazing art
gallery oh my god guys look at this
place look at wow that is gorgeous go a
comparsa look at the artwork they have
they even have like some really awesome
horses and the ones this place is really
really cool yeah it's really beautiful
do you think this is handmade this is
the most amazing art gallery ever thug's
not China you're doing good they got so
African beads yes
okay the African section is all about
their musical instruments and their
craftsmanship look at all of these no we
need to get one of these slingshots and
just destroy my sister with that imagine
just like put a smash of rock and bullet
Fanta yeah this like Fanta and the balls
are coke and they may like some awesome
designs with them Wow
yeah it's a really cool like these they
use anything to make things yeah they
look very nice it's turned off in Africa
section there are some nice music
okay
if you want to check out where you get
these Bob mighty things counter global
village there thanks a lot
can I have one of these yellow one just
saw yeah
thank you well that's awesome we got it
from my sister cause she really likes it
thanks a lot okay this is the final
place I wanted to visit today America
Hollywood let's go inside
are these American hats how much are
these like that one for example 90 okay
that's nice
wait they have London boxes in America
they have London ones as you saw I tried
on I don't know what you call it the
snapback so what do you call them type
of hats the problem is with them I can
only wear baseball hats the proper snap
backs don't worry sue my head I don't
know what it is I think it's the shape
of my head but that has been a wrap for
today smash the like button if you did
enjoy the change-up in the vlog and yeah
let's go home now I'm super tired let us
know if you want us to come back and do
the rides one day because even though my
mom didn't come next time I'll do the
rides either alone or my sister but yeah
we missed out on that one we came in new
york concrete Turner Turner the dancer
you know that song right is this exit
around the train is crossing the road oh
we parked so far away lights on ready to
go home my driving I'm gonna speed
everywhere I'm joking our press star I'm
gonna end the vlog here just because I
want today's look to be fully outside I
think we start outside and we're ending
outside so before we go in I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog yo yo lo peace
yeah
