you need to say good morning you started
because I'm skip is going to come up bad
I've seen my hair Lana is making you
guys a dessert today it involves Nutella
and some sticks
wow you open it so badly it was like
polka do you know don't even know it's
an open night Ella man okay fine just do
your dessert whatever you do you're so
bad it's just like pour in all right
impressive when you make food so this is
the Nutella it's a soup but I'm sure you
can use it father so you take one of
these you know like they have those
little ones with the sticks and the
Nutella so we have it with it that's it
and then we try it that was a waste of
time
good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog starting this morning with my mum
we're going out like you're sorry about
I need to unlock the door we're starting
by going to pick up call of duty black
ops 3 hello alright so last week when I
went to the store and it wasn't there a
lot of you told me no it's out now like
the day after you told me it's out and
yeah I think I heard the guy saying was
gonna be out in one day or a week so I
hopefully it's out we can go get
ourselves to coffee
imagine if we go now that's sold out
that would be a super super bummer let's
go try our luck
leggo whoa we hear voice so I just want
to quickly go grab myself the game it's
a Sunday I hope it's empty
it doesn't look empty look kind of busy
actually so let's just go see if they
have it I hope it's not sold out if it's
sold out like my heart is going to be
broken but they're doing a little DJI
tutorial thing here I know a lot of you
told me to buy this thing it's like them
drones with the cameras
I'm your virgin they're doing like just
thing in the middle yeah take out
Wow
can I see the camera also you kind of
see it when you're driving it
okay that seems pretty cool but it wears
any restrictions on MIT we get the
permission from the windows
okay how much are these 5,000 which
one's this the DJI phantom 3 MP the
professional one
okay can I take one of these or which
what we're trying to sit this one right
it's got everything for all right thanks
a lot okay so they do have black ops my
mum's got it in her hand let's go pay
for it I'm so excited
yes oh we got it boys we got it I guess
I have nothing else to really do but if
you guys saw I was asking about the
phantom DJ's now what they are guys
don't know that he's drones with really
professional cameras and he'd get really
good shot and I was awesome I'm not sure
if you heard because it was kind of loud
I was asking what type of permission you
need I didn't really hear him vice heard
him say you do need some sort of
permission so that's why I haven't
really got one till now I will do a bit
more research about because I really do
want one they're really cool like you
can fly them up get some really nice
shots with them we're taking a small
little coffee break and I decided to
look inside this bag they gave me for
that like DJI drone and it's got one of
the like an you know average leap that
you would get but something pretty cool
is in here so
it's this thing it's I can leave the
predicting and I've seen lower youtubers
make videos to them and they like put it
the future of vlogging and stuff like
that so I decided to show you guys like
this little weird device if you put your
phone on it and your blog with it and
it's got like the best stabilization but
I'm gonna have my copy or my mom or my
hot chocolate now what's even cooler yet
is the fact that you know that place is
Ski Dubai and over here there's like
huge lumps of ice on the floor I look at
that there is a huge puddle of ice a
puddle of icy I know that sounds weird
right there ours were those they push
poison it 3 no you're lying
I actually thought they were smart in
there my mum put this and I was like
really they're just fine
such a liar yo look at what a food
shopping we good today
dun-dun-dun the doctor let me tell you a
funny story my sister actually used to
play call of duty
you know they don't call me red light
destroyer for no reason it's the red
light I'm the destroyer and I see a
couple cars wanna race your boy mom can
you race look at the therapy yeah I know
okay
it's just it's just the first ten meters
that counts okay it's the first time
years everybody on your marks
whoa who won who won can I have a round
of applause for ball okay kid Ian
bubbles it's time to bless on black ops
hi
so my PlayStation 4 should be in this
box I haven't used it for ages there we
go that is the PlayStation so let's get
it out and plugged in hi I'm actually
really excited to do this all right what
the hell is this this is all stuck to it
from packaging all right that goes there
yes we finally did it so I spent the
loss like 20 minutes setting up my
PlayStation 4
connecting it to this device which is
cool an Elgato that basically lets you
record it by the way if you're wondering
why I have all this stuff I used to have
a gaming channel I'll leave a link to it
in the description so you can subscribe
now
maybe I'll just be more active on it now
because I haven't made a video on it in
about 11 months so yeah that's really
bad I'm going to just keep working on
this set it up and then hopefully we can
play some black ops 3 okay I guess we
managed to get the plastic off it now
seems legit okay I'm trying to play the
game I just need a small little
PlayStation update but you guys might
remember some guy called Kyrie I'm gonna
go and Skype with him now he was in my
videos like ages ago in London and yeah
it's actually quite a few of my videos
even blogged once for you guys which you
guys seemed to enjoy so that's a login
on skype and do some video chatting so
you fool
wait what bubbles doing is he trying to
jump up did you guys see him he almost
got there that's my best friend that's
my best friend all right moment of truth
guys who you've been waiting for curry
yo what's up he was that he was the
first that in the vlogs in London as you
can see we on skype as soon as I take
off you're not a very dark because I'm
like it's used to that type of lighting
I like really dark now but me and him
are gonna be face
corner do ye as you can see on my screen
there's some huge update going what's
that I've got the Western Digital worm
what's it all the hard drives oh yeah
you guys remember that I don't know if
they remember it well he was vlogging
one day and he was asking you guys what
hard drive you should get and he got the
Western Digital ones there you go you
can be in the vlog we and Kai our black
ops and chillin
us I know that sounds really funny
what what are you doing can you see my
eyes no description weird what are you
doing that's not a good thumbnail you're
really like that okay so I just finished
my black ops and chill session sounds of
are you saying that that is the resolve
that look at that to back books wow
that's like the old MacBook Pro and
that's the new MacBook Pro but my
thoughts on the game if you guys even
care I know a lot of your egnyte produce
I sitting there like I don't play games
we don't care but it's okay the only
problem is my internet is laggy so I
need to go get that sorted out maybe go
for a stronger connection to play games
with but for now I'm going to go change
up into some more comfortable clothes
and yeah we can continue the vlog from
there it's kind of late at night we're
going for a small little jog I wanted to
talk to you guys about something or some
things actually so I do once I get back
from this jog because I can't really
talk while I'm running you guys ready
yeni
what starch oh the alleyway it's to God
it actually is really dark I just
realized you know it's it's fine we
can't pass through everyday I like that
what person in that horror movie it's
fine
it's never this dark I can promise you
there is some lights normally on place
shut shut turn on my light from my phone
I swear you're wise it is dark hi
I reckon that's enough running for me
today what we doing here where did you
get this duster sir stop that was always
about to hit me your hand on the floor
oh that always hit me in my face
this is some crazy things you were
chasing me with we're going back into
this Eddy way I had to turn on my likes
I'm scared I'm vlogging so if anything
happens maybe we can go go go I know I
don't know the last time ok let's say
for Savior you're that anyways so dark
alright so time to talk to guys for a
little bit before I end the vlog so
there's a couple things I want to talk
about so yeah that start talking first
of all recently I think most of you
should know something went down in Paris
loads of people got hurt killed and
injured and I've been getting loads of
messages saying know why you're not
talking about it and pretty much all I
have to say is my prayers go out to
everybody that lost their lives got
injured but just more generally around
the world so it was a really bad
situation as I said prayers go out and I
think everybody else is in the world
that found out about the situation and
that is that also something else I want
to talk about the chaddy isn't divided
lot of you have been messaging me oh
he's and Dubai stuff like that more
while you're not collaborating with him
and stuff like that you know etc etc
today I know it's kind of late I'm not
even sure if you still him to buy but I
did send him an email I might go and
post a comment on his newest video maybe
you'll see my email I just want to
tell you guys this so if I don't end up
meeting him I could say I tried I tried
to be off of him but we'll see about
that now if you did enjoy today's vote
smash like button I see you guys with
another one tomorrow as always and yeah
leave your suggestions for things I can
do in the future
maybe stuff you enjoy go-karting war
sports and stuff like that but for now
it's Monroe yeah the yellow
