good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog to be completely honest with you
guys I'm starving right now
completely starving my mom is making her
signature dish it's like fish this is
fish and that's like fish with loads of
herbs in it
it's it's delicious trust me and that's
why it's making me even hungrier than I
am just smelling the food so hopefully I
could get a bit of food in my stomach
because you know when you're like so
hungry if you like weig always say this
in my vlogs I feel really weak when I'm
hungry but once I eat I'm going to oh
wow that's really bright I'm going to
continue the vlog because I have no
energy to talk right now
what's on okay
everybody is ready to go out except my
sister it's just the average day in the
Molag household Oh
oh geez why do we have cats running
around the place but the reason we are
going out now is because I want to go
find Domino's as a kid I was addicted to
dominate you know the ones like you
don't know them they will fall over here
that type of stuff so I haven't really
found them anywhere whoa whoa whoa I
found them anywhere and hopefully we can
find them where we're going today
turn down for what turn over the haunted
shake turn for what I remember the
hardener saying with that it was like
dude pulao said early doctor okay so the
place we came that my mom thought would
have Domino's is NuLu hypermarket now
I'm not sure if it will or not but it's
worth a shot I mean nowhere else has it
we've never been here before so we can
explore this place a little bit Hey look
at that
they have aquariums but it was jelly
fish is that a jellyfish
that's it Jenny I don't know is that you
alive wait why is there a fish under the
jellyfish oh my goodness did you not see
that until now there's a fish it is the
jellyfish eating it why is that I don't
even think that's a jellyfish hey is
that a jellyfish jellyfish it's real why
is the fish under it oh it's not real
nice decoration oh my god somebody told
me to buy a tower you know they told me
they're really calm and a long time
right hello Satoru live 30 Yogi's 30 so
they're climbing on top of each other oh
oh the babies
there's your back cry until fluffy
illuzzi Wow all right we're in this pet
store yeah if you speak to I can hello
that was pretty cool I love the pet
stores his hives green light pets or
just animals in general
start trying to find some dominoes down
okay I think we hit the food for let's
go food all the way because there's
nothing else inside look that one looks
like a Nemo fish like a baby one
why are you looking at I know what it is
it looks is it a jewelry store
hey my sister's about to go into this
store to ask them what they have but it
looks really cool Wow
I'm from stoners so they sell easily and
look of rubies and stuff like that we'll
be able to look good over Iran naked men
from our care so they sell these really
cool stones in the store so you can
purchase that for jewelry and no delay
you vote on some vehicle vehicle and
that's really nice Wow yeah it's the
same design they put this on an
efficient all I know the head the head
oh that's awesome
so the toys are upstairs let's see if we
can finally find our dominoes
wow they have Christmas trees upstairs
guys uh-huh look at that there you go
Christmas shopping in Dubai look at all
of the Christmas trees guys they got
like tiny ones the normal sized runs and
everything they look awesome yeah this
is officially Christmas shopping look at
worthy
harlot they've even got like the baby
trees about house yeah give them little
Christmas present
hey I was recording here before even
said it guys look at this it's like a
what do you go to use a deer a reindeer
today rut they've got the mini one they
got the mini ones in my hand you did
these are awesome man yeah I think I'm
definitely gonna find dominoes they were
like everything here whoa okay I need
this that I'm becoming I'm becoming
obese I need a fitness workout bro you
can't afford this man calm down that is
Lamborghini veneno four point five
million dollars did you find it oh yes
but these aren't the ones I want I want
the bigger package with more I don't
think you can find any bigger wait how
many knows that's nowhere enough they
sound like the hunt you know the normal
color like these are Domino like Domino
proper ones you know the ones I just
like yellow blue okay so the problem I'm
having right now is even though we found
Domino's I'm not really looking for
these on so these one I actually the
Domino game you know I mean I'm looking
for just the Domino chips where you get
loads and loads of them buddy my look is
our big toy story we could yeah we could
do that we could do that alright that
was a fail we couldn't find look at
these cool helmets look at them and it's
got to whoever is they came in a pair
all right we failed at Lulu hypermarket
or is it called Lulu supermarket
hypermarket hi we're gonna go try
somewhere else I just can't find any
Domino's
all right they've all sorted it listen
I'm moving if there was something else
you know oh oh oh whoa what are you
doing I'm not driving anyways for now
it's goodbye Lulu and hello
these are our experiment better place
hello Lulu by the way guys so you know
our rabbits lunar fluffy you had in
London and fluffy got married lovely got
married nearly still does basically the
place we gave them was a really nice
place nice lady form it's a very huge
farm so they're really like beautiful
landscape and they and they pair up the
rabbit racing they really do look after
I was amazing even my student and they
want they ties they try and pair them so
they can they basically get them like
married and they live happily ever after
so yeah fluffy found the husband Lulu is
still looking and yeah maybe one day
they'll both be happily ever after I
think we should put their picture one
down
yeah we should guys why is that car what
is that
I know what is though raises Altima
what's that
the Corvette today and we have like a
amazing door maybe you get into the
carpet
honey
I feel like I'm going to lose
do this
only one finger really oh my goodness
oh you didn't you do this
you know you know we're back at the car
vent today we've got the BMW i8 what you
know okay I think we might go back
tomorrow again should we I'm not sure
we'll see about it yeah it's like the
kid kids version of the car show like I
just imagine that kid be like yo look at
that I ate Boro it's got all the
electric features on the inside guys on
it the tribute at the toy store for
helping you see yourselves in the vlog
and yeah I appreciate you guys say hi
every cent
so they're really good
Wow they've even got like the make up
lights look at this they go bear makeup
lights in here they got the bad mirrors
Oh be careful with it oh wait this is
guy catch it no he does it nothing he
does
hey you know what it does it and you
made my hand wet now this is you could
just catch them like that
yeah this is a swimming pool right I
said we're like the biggest babies oh
wait is this a hand puppet no way you
can use that to talk to yourself you can
do like a tourist storytime with him
now Lana's found a new best friend it
actually speaks to eight he's
complaining my name is Ben why is this a
mouth not music you need to better
Wally Wally that's love it looks like it
I thought it yeah same thing
I just went to buy my gaming computer
that they were out of stock on the one I
wanted so that's a shame I guess I'll
have to get it from somewhere else or
look for a different model to build it I
was off and off about this so I wasn't
really sure about the one I was about to
get so maybe that's a sign I shouldn't
get it Yahoo sure that I think that's a
female no but these kicks look at these
you're actually look fire they look like
fire
you should be wearing the pants as well
you know it's not it's not complete
without the plan
that's like so it's your boy both rats
are wearing the adidas design tracks you
let me think about your boys side
wretched white socks yeah this is the
owner uses I have nothing to change run
Jake yeah okay that is so embarrassing
that's a wrap we're going home for today
we didn't end up staying out for too
long because it's a Friday and it's
super busy in the shopping centers /
malls or whatever you wanna call them
let's go to the car I got like a hot tea
right now it's burning my head it's good
character see if you know what it is you
probably do all Italy and yes basically
these tea with milk let's go home
are you not driving drum the entire day
go good time
okay you need to take the camera though
my hands burning oh you're having your
weird food burn I don't like Eddie bad
she likes this like what is it sure that
what it is this ice these beans of like
chili sauce the kool-aid man and I know
no get that away from me
Oh oh hey grabbed up grab it grab it
before I wanna hear and then the vlog
ever
bye guys sorry I gotta eat go go young
one so stop by because my sister needed
cheese and they didn't even let me park
here you guys go okay let's go and see
what they need bring it bring it back
now you love sir bring ways that muffin
oh my god you are your cheese yeah from
where you went all the way there okay
oh now my tea and I've got muffins oh
yeah we have another treat Oh how'd you
know it was okay is you waiting to get
to my parking spot sorry I've got like
the worst cold ever so I'm really sorry
if that comes across in my vlogs good
let me go before this guy gets mad at me
right why are you not leaving the
parking I want your parking spot this is
so yeah this is really a charge check
out how bumpy this road is you should
have the shuttle here woop
whoa this bird I swear my nose is so
blocked up I feel so bad disgusting it
icky oh we home we hope yo what's up
what's up oh let us say two question
dangers no this is pretty dated
I'm Lily what yeah ask me the question
anyways going I'm gonna end the video
here they have been laurels
hopefully you enjoyed my very
entertaining vlog today
Yolo you know good night
and we're gonna smash the light on him
see you later me whoa I see more as soon
as the camera turns off you just turn
around
Barna Sears now if you did enjoyed
today's log smash like button you know
what to do beeps beeps yo your squad
yeah Leo dough piece can I see oh I want
to check something
all right these guys
