good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so yesterday we left you on a
cliffhanger with the new gun we got and
today it's finally time to use this bad
boy so go ahead and open up for them and
let's see the new gun it's literally our
first-ever gun down a powerful let's see
so should i help you open it ok so you
need to flick these up and oh boy this
is the first time we're opening it then
another boom that is the new gun it's an
air rifle let's take all the tags off
and start using it I still what is this
light is this ok not too sure I don't
think we should be playing around with
these talks since or whatever these are
but damn that is so big
alright let's load it up and get ready
to use it let's say everything over
there yep there we go just the gun here
ok set it up all the way at the back
don't worry we won't hit the water tank
yeah no we won't we won't just set it up
right here in this corner so we're gonna
aim this way yeah so I think we should
do this yeah I think I'm gonna be
straight on point I'm gonna hit it first
time these are the targets we bought for
it which is pretty cool Burrell versus
sis and let's go ok and that is that
that's actually a pretty good place in
the rocks right I'm going first shotgun
look from here to here we're gonna shoot
all the way from the back here and see
if we can make it Oh what told me no go
ah
we're shooting here - over here not as
Howie all right number one make sure
Toby leaves before we start doing this
these are the bullets do me a favor do
not pointed at me the thing is guys this
is so hard
open up okay watch this yeah it's so
hard okay that time to load right yes
now you just put the bullet in here
raise it this way okay yeah just make
sure you keep it away from me one second
I'm coming behind you I'm too busy he's
over there he's okay okay one second I
can aim it to the left side so it's away
from that thing
should I shot Gokula zoom in on those
things okay once I can hold on hold on
one second wait wait one second it's not
zoomed enough no where did you hit it oh
my god I missed it did it go completely
through check the pine check the line
open it open it let's see if it because
that's the hole it made you can't write
an open the other one and see from
behind and it going is it heavy I'm not
like a lizard to pull out it's there's
no lizards sure yes hurry up man oh
really
yeah I think it's this is probably a
good idea to put behind it
what is it though what is it made of
concrete pretty this is so heavy
why don't we eat this open to new I mean
okay so just shoot inside there we need
to open these doors I'm thinking you
have this like this no yeah we take this
I'm gonna target straight on a bit all
right buddy let's go let's see if my
sister can do this hi gone but I get
your knee no no put that the back of it
against like your leg so hard caught you
can do it push inside it guys trust me
when I say it it is so hard to load this
oh my god oh this is like and like I'm a
guy and it's hard for me so imagine how
hard it must be for her pull of anymore
both hands ah there you go and now all
we need is one bullet shop it in there
you go
right well I need to know how to do that
they just push the bullet in normally
click it up pick it up okay yeah that
shouldn't be hard okay now you know how
to shoot right just in between them and
get it lined up with the red one yeah
that's why I went down
sighs ooh made for you guys try zoom on
the target to see where it hits okay
three okay I'm gonna wait wait wait for
me to zoom in so they can see exactly
where you're gonna hit yeah
I saw if she hits this first time you go
for it
I just see concrete came out I think the
targets were using our bit too hard so
I'm gonna stop it after this so you can
actually see where he should stick this
straight onto the concrete um yeah yeah
I think you should stick that on wait
does that sticker on the back because I
was sticker on the back yes stick it to
the concrete so at least we have like
something behind it you can see it all
right right here right yeah in case we
missed no not officially I think this
should be our target sticking around it
now we have a proper target so we can
actually see we're okay right yeah
there's a dull thing but that thing in
front of it too because we might want to
aim for that as well we're gonna do a
point system guys me versus my sister
five shots each that's 20 points if you
get the x10 nine and each of these are
ten as well if it hits one of these and
hits the back it gets added up cycle ask
so nine ten twenty and then each of
these ten bonus let go moment of truth
I'm going to set up my camera so you can
see the target five shots me five shots
her imagine just just shoots at the
camera the five shots each which is not
gonna get any no cuz we got our big
circle behind it trust me
your boys gonna hit twenty twenty twenty
every single time I think it should be
pretty easy so let's go oh boy she is
prepared look at her little earbuds she
still doesn't like the sound even though
it's not too much it doesn't feel that
much it'll still block out a lot of the
noise who goes for us me are you me
ching-ching Jonah okay you go first
round one Lana
round one Lana
alright let's set up your camera while
you do that a 3 2 1 go whoa what the
hell oh my god guys one shot in and look
what it does in a paper it's completely
shredded it into bits
oh well four more shots to go for her
alright small changes setup instead
we've brought two cameras out so I can
record her and from this camera I'm
going to record the target so let's get
started
this is going to take forever you're so
scared when you're doing that round 3 is
hosting a me wrong
and then that okay yeah so I was
wondering oh you almost hit that small
one oh you hit it middle one middle one
I'm pretty sure I was the middle one all
right yeah we'll play it back but let's
put that back up doll is amazing it's
really just the first couple of rounds I
was doing it wrong oh yeah bye so this
is your last shot
look at that steadier all right it's my
turn now I'm going serious I'm gonna
probably lie on the ground a full sniper
mode on you guys
so yeah rows to most turn first try you
guys know the boys are awaiting me so I
have to not disappoint let's go why is
she doing what is this that's cheating
if I knew I would have done that - I
have no idea I'm not ready
aim through this one I'm not you see the
cosmic flying right in my thought okay
okay I did see something I'm sweeping
off again why don't you do the technique
I did that got me my shot American
sniper noise it moved that is our target
guys I don't know who the winner is I
hit that right yeah that's me
there's no one hit the middle hopefully
how long guys if I did I wouldn't know
by now who do you reckon one I don't
know I want start I want a rematch I
let's just keep going and having fun
with a normal point system she put this
back up yeah just so we know we hit
something I just still it looks like
it's a look at bottles usually watching
us from this window and this is where
the targa is he's like what the hell are
you doing
are you training to kill me later okay
now Izumo zoom on the targets away man
yeah what did you do did you shoot
anything we've just been playing around
with the off camera for a while I don't
think I shot is getting much better cuz
we've taken that paper just bailed out
my Oh Oh as I said that you hit it
bullseye
she's actually better
stop calling me a loser okay take this
take this and what watch me beat you
know yo your squat I just not a feeling
I own your record I was gonna get that
shot literally we've been going at it
like five minutes no fighters I'm
teasing it off camera
you're just playing around with it and
as soon as I say you can't get anything
oh oh what happened oh you got your
finger in between it oh no no no Lucy
Africa paddler I leave it be careful
don't put your flesh in between when
you're bending it oh oh that's it let's
see it for do your squad and my nail
Burke here's all chipped it chicken cage
just be careful do you want to tape oh
you got a shot he got the shot how is
like some focus where's all you got in
here
you got it here oh I can I hit the
corner but I'm still taking that oh good
oh yes oh yeah all right stop back to
back you hit it back we're gonna have a
challenge right now okay oh I'm gonna
show him that I can beat him now oh
that's maybe chef right oh oh not again
and not again there
all right let's go oh my god I swear
this is no editing nothing fancy we are
actually hitting it suddenly all on
camera oh where did you know you chipped
it right in the corner no this ball my
ball corner I chipped it
it's not bad but when you pull it as you
put on like your own place you need to
use both hands man that's why I'm
telling you we're gonna wrap it up is
pretty much she's winning I think in the
hitting the circles because she hit
twice I hit once but yeah for now we'll
see you guys once we do something else
cuz I think this is going to get a bit
too boring but let us know in the
comment section what you want us to
shoot next and no not the Lamborghini
guys we're not doing that but let's call
it a wrap I think actually no that's
where the thing is open we're taking the
gun back inside we had loads of fun with
it today and yeah put it back in its
metal box and lock it up so no one else
can come and play with it I got ready
because apparently we need to go take
some passport photos or something along
the lines so my mom just told me to get
ready but I felt a bit hungry so I'm
gonna have this cake that we got
yesterday I'm just going to taste it
quickly right now let's see if it's
sweet if not then so I think I'm still
going to add some Nutella to it just to
give it a bit more for chocolatey fuel I
think that much should do she does per
bit more there we go thumbs up if you
like Nutella and let me know in the
comment section this thing is just
delicious
alright well I'm just going to have a
bit of my dessert Oh
after about thousand circles everyone's
finally ready to go I just take this out
whenever I'm bored to me my tricks okay
wait you dizzy now let's go put this
away I think my sisters come
down and everybody is ready to go take
their photos
oh oh that's how you know you messed up
we've been listening to that song so
much on the radio did you guys see how I
just played that off I went all the way
to the back because I realized you guys
hate me touching my hair I know that
okay so times we'll take our passport
photos let's see the room we're gonna
take it this is the photo shoot room
guys who see these are the type of
lights I said you actually know what
type of lights are these flashlights oh
you know it's opposite flashes opposite
way
my mom's gonna go first and then me
there's our photo shoot this is my mom
modeling
there's my brother doing his photo shoot
and he's doing a check to see if we like
the picture
I want another one let's see this one
during that nice
you like your picture I think another
one just for safe measures I think I
like the personal Verity right
I think we can guys my sister actually
wanted McDonald's oh my god I want you
guys watching this to savor on this
moment because it's probably never going
to happen again I think a miracle struck
us my sister is actually having
McDonald's McDonald's hey that's my
cheeseburger
that's my nuggets let's begin our meal
last thing we need to do before we go
home is always grocery shopping I don't
know how we eat so much at home my
sister grabbed herself some croissants
here and that was her mind the
difference is mine are smaller but she
is not on that diet type of thing 18:18
all right time to go home you just
remembered mama can have a croissant all
right you want the whole bag I just take
the bag
is upside down this is so nice I don't
even know anymore picnic with more
let's try mine I like these are nice and
got less red and more chocolate better
all right great it's alright all out in
it I can see it look boy laptop damn it
I missed the tune all right our whole
first thing I always do is get my
lollipop and I know you guys in tree
commenting about this piece of hair I
don't know what to do with it if I
stroke my hams coming out loads of
comments saying more why are you
stroking your care or I'm going to kill
you blah blah blah and yeah I know you
guys don't like me
consistently shoving my hair up but I
think tomorrow I'm not sure I'm just
saying it we might do a bit of cooking
with my mom with this gingerbread man
setup tell me what you want to see I'm
gonna try and see if I can make
something cool if not then I'm sorry
you're seeing the Thunder of the video
anyways if I do make anything okay this
is spilling all over me but if you did
enjoy today's and the gun I really
enjoyed playing with the gun I'm going
to go out there every day to shoot
something smash like button and I'll see
you guys later peace
