I woke up in the noble gas
I woke up
good morning guys I'm vlogging because
it's actually raining no way Wow look at
the car it's absolutely a mess it was
muddy and now draining on top of it to
make it okay if you're wondering why I'm
making a big deal out of it and you
don't know about me I live at divide
those are any rain here at all so this
is a pretty awesome check this out my
sister broke her blackberry they were
just at our house repairing you yeah we
had like this home service and that is
how a screen on a blackberry looks
pretty awesome right they finally
repaired it and bam we got like two
blackberry screens now so who wants to
stop giving it doesn't work don't worry
you don't need this guys and we're gonna
quickly go pick up the Range Rover now
and then head off to the Motor Show
again so hope you enjoy my sister's
joining us today unlike yesterday so
let's go have a great day we're here to
pick up the Range Rover as I said we're
kind of in a rush because it's 8 o'clock
and we want to make it for the car event
our car is right here so we're gonna go
get the keys from inside my sisters just
in a rush to go and we should be at the
event at like hot paint hopefully or
solely I know it's my sister's fault she
takes like years to get ready
back at the photo show as I said I'm
gonna try and find the cars like we
don't shoot yesterday and yesterday's
vlog store there's so many that I didn't
manage to shoot one of them I need to go
find where's the Bugatti where's the p1
this is there's so many that you're lost
in this world of cars like wow look at
this Jaguar what you open this is it
says it's from the movie The Spectre
I'm reckon that's like a little demo up
there value but it's really nice so
you've got it in the clearance section
675lt there but that's not even there
for fire we haven't have a p1 over there
these are beautiful I love the car it is
new I think it's the price tag which
also makes me I really like
big difference in how it looks compared
to life
my brother just decided to sit inside a
McLaren and now I don't know how does it
feel like brilliant I can wait
Smit dark we can't really see you here
don't get a chance to see for the cars
today I would have really look for the
Bugatti but I just can't manage to find
it all right
let's see if this is open okay yes it is
we're in luck boys we are in luck this
is now my it's now my Porsche Turbo not
not anyone elses why is she coming in my
car this is Mike excuse me this is my
car hi fine she doesn't want to come in
but you're doing any good Nick revenge
here I haven't actually seen one of
these before looks pretty awesome you
know we've got the beep I'm not gonna
use that yeah
I'm just gonna come out yeah exactly
as I love the fact that anyone it's
actually a turbo look at this
that is huge your sign next to it
I could not imagine you and that guy
yeah it's so big
hi do you guys even know what car is
okay she's talking about the me back and
look on the inside guys this you can
like extend your legs as people saying
opposite you it's like a whole like
meaning inside then oh you got me with
say on that side yeah
look at that look it's more like an
extended section in the middle okay
imagine who's sitting in the back no way
I know I'm gonna get criticized for this
a lot but to be honest it feels me
picking a car no much it's just what
about the Aventador but I'm a race boy
I'm a race boy for a feature you want to
picture about it
I got a thing you can convert from
Aventador to razor I was like who wants
or so meters up to a hundred you know I
mean you mail me the key I'll come pick
it up yo I know I probably made like a
separate video about these guys but
they're good my sister came to take some
selfies with them I'm just walking
around in this middle section it's ready
look at the things you do for selfies we
have to wait for the car to turn to get
the right angle I hate ya this one's
even got a few open you ready all right
I think it needs to turn a bit more
okay are finally done in the lichen
section we've been here like ten times
they know me by now a lot every time I
come in to run I are sorry we just think
at the correct cliffs but finally
finished off here let's just move on and
hopefully we can get somewhere else
before it's all goes done we're gonna go
inside the g-wagen finally oh wait okay
you press that down Wow the interior
looks very nice yeah that's exactly
wanna stay for the vlog now a lot of you
have actually recommended to us like why
don't you change the Ranger and this guy
he closed the door it's making with that
beeping noise they're not stopping a cat
so that is the g-wagen for you guys I
wanted us to see it my mother's standing
outside as you can see you're fixing
your mirrors if you're gonna drive it
okay let me fix up the mirrors yeah
alright let's go
how'd you open the door there you go
pretty awesome car I love the little
touch of the AMG on the side love the
g-wagen it's an amazing car somehow I've
never gotten the chance to be in one
okay that's 15 minutes left until this
place closes and we are on our search
for the Bugatti that one car we came for
today but we can't find out I know how
oh boy oh boy
we found it I woke up in a new Bugatti I
woke up in a new Bugatti I know I think
the back is the most recognizable parts
of you guy don't you think yes it's got
like the whole engine the spoiler
everything I saw this on Instagram some
guy posted it what you reckon this is
called
what's that those are body kits those
are body coats on that Bentley yeah yeah
those are body kits let's go take a look
at them it actually looks really nice
and you want to go into the classic car
section all right let's go you might as
well
ah poor Lana she was telling me all we
need a car to get around here like a you
sit here I'm gonna be back okay last
section I promise last that your luck
there nobody yawa she's such a motor all
right let's go because I know there's
loads of people that are into like you
know their vintage cars and they're in
that mold you only show the good cars
the like not a good far as the brand-new
one so might as well take a look at some
of these okay I have no idea what they
are I'm just gonna show it quickly for
all of you guys because you probably
know I think it is yeah sure Jonna it's
a Lamborghini Countach oh I always made
that for you know what's funny all right
that's pretty good the Lamborghini
Countach Huracan for it
let's see what it says 200 oh okay now
we're trading
yes wow this looks very old you know
what's funny it looks like a futuristic
car even though it's old it looks
futuristic don't you reckon imagine like
you're just rolling down the street with
that everyone was like whoa yeah it's
like it's completely changed I would to
be honest
could you imagine like this was the die
to get this car back in the day
no but seriously look at the interior it
looks awesome like yeah this is a
Lamborghini back in the day this is
another this is the same car we saw over
there it's a another Countach but this
is the blue Wow but this one looks more
powerful because it's up to 300
kilometers an hour okay I know this is
gonna be like the best of them vintage
car lovers if you know anyone that loves
cars share this blog because I think
we've been through a lot of cars today
you take that the buses as I should pick
this car up she was back in the day
rather than the Lambo should you I can
tell it looks like a girly car doesn't
look like a girly car there yeah I can
imagine
look at that look at the wheel it's
covered do you reckon that flaps up I
don't reckon I'd like that
like 20 years Wow this is older than you
this is older that it's older than me
and you added together look at the size
of this car compared to me guys
I don't know who's gonna fit in the
backseat if you've got two vaccines I
think no way George no I'm not always
like a Mack zoomi nonage so you guys can
see because the back seats on that are
tray look at that it's got like that
little tiny space for people wait I
don't think okay I'm definitely sure you
can't sit there and it's constant it's
actually constant hey the first time
they turned on with much louder though
this time it's more constant you know I
mean
yeah that is awesome first that not
looks also sounds awesome
the race yeah like flora more shows
closed
it's officially closed no they're
kicking us out even though the motor
shows finished I quickly have to show
you guys sneak peek of the p1 my
sister's looking at it over there in the
front but damn man look at it from the
back it looks awesome you know metal
like it's carbon fiber
yeah it's carbon fiber do you see that
do you see like the Coppertone hands no
this is a lovely car I had to show you
this car this is the brand new Ford GT
and absolutely stunning I mean what is
that body like look at the shape it's
got like a whole gap in between there it
is so beautiful words cannot describe it
I mean damn man this this is a really
gorgeous car I actually don't even know
the price of these cars how much are
they let me know because I don't know
how much they are but I'm gonna move on
to my favorite car right now you guys
probably know it you know it already
guessed it by now the board must die now
wait let me tell you exactly which model
this is here you go it's the Mustang
gt350 it looks gorgeous the Shelby is
all Shelby right there you can see if
you read it
Wow I'm sorry I just love this car more
than any other car in the world I think
it's because from a child I was in love
with Mustangs I remember I always write
mom I want a Mustang and specially when
it looks this good okay one little round
trip on it and then that's good to go
these are cool okay
so you guys might be wondering what did
a police get around with in Dubai okay
this is what they get around with ia
they got the Porsches they got the GTRs
they've even got the Bentley's that's
your favorite the I the i8 and it's
really nice I'm just admiring the police
cars now that's all I'm doing
I imagine if they gave you the keys to
these cars boo might be out I feel bad
for you you know I my feet are actually
hurting I don't even wear heels I'm
wearing Jordans which are comfortable
shoes and during use
yeah we made it out exit I think it's
that way yeah we came from this a yeah
we came in the middle busy busy day
today busy busy day did he find it did
he find it fun no no it's turned on and
turned on as you saw the elevator and it
wasn't on until someone activate the
sensor
oh boy I'm tired for today
it's really bad now that the event is
over look how empty the parking is am i
driving all right give me all right I'll
Drive no worries no worries
yeah yeah I know I'm so tired yeah let's
open the car I don't even want this car
anymore like but now that I've seen
everything else why are we driving this
man wait
have they cleaned another let's just one
do two Saints it yes so we just finished
at the car show I hope you guys enjoyed
that
my brother is driving us yeah I'm really
focused I'm sorry guys that's why I'm
not vlogging
I'm really tired because I've been
walking around in heels which is not a
good idea when you're in such a big
event
there was awesome no like if you love
cars that is 100% the event to Bianca's
dad there was everything
I'm so hungry we missed out dinner today
and now it's like 11:30 so but no I sure
you know it's funny like you're look at
English so up close of mind if I wait
you know I'm so tired that like I can't
hold my hand up like lazy vlogger just
like hold it straight in front of your
face
you drive safely please what is this
beautiful desert
I've no idea I think I'm very way below
and over TV we just made it to our area
hello hello hello everybody
all right yeah let's go homie we got
past the security gate
you guys can barely see me it's at night
I just invented something right now in
my head
imagine having this year imagine having
the clip on camera to your steering
wheel so when you're vlogging you'll
just turn with you no wait what is that
word you just used nauseous no there's a
party oh yeah my bad I was about to go
in a pod would mess up the car over the
bumps slowly slowly and then you speed
off my sister just shattered my dreams
of becoming a driver all I wanted in
life was to be a professional
it makes me feel sick before I go inside
I want to say happy Diwali to everybody
celebrating I know a lot of you've been
commenting down below so yeah anyways
guys I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here
but before you click off I need to ask
you guys something or talk to you about
something so you guys know I know it's
getting repented by now beyond the goal
of closing stuff I've been talking about
but I need to really like specifying it
because other times I've been talking
about really briefly now loads of you
have been sending me designs young yo
little more vlogs your your squad and
stuff like that but I think I'm not sure
if i didn't mention maybe it was my
fault but can you guys try and find like
a logo just the logo so no writing no
your squad know y'all know just for now
I'm not saying I won't do that or
anything I just want to see how I look
right so if you didn't think of really
creative like designs maybe with the
three-finger logo and stuff like that
but just the logo so no right or no like
MV more vlogs your your squad yunlin you
know just get rid of all of that try and
see if you guys can come up with a
really cool logo just so I can compare
I'm sorry I asked
way too much like I should be doing this
but I just I'm telling you guys to do
but you guys are awesome with your
design so thank you very much for them
oh yeah I guess so so I just ready to
call it now and it was like because I
remember when I did I stuck you chapter
- ball challenge I said hit 4,000 likes
for my mom to do it and one of you
commented if we hit 5,000 then Londa has
to do so I completely agree if we hit
the video of the ice ball challenge to
5,000 likes instead of my mom doing it
will stop it - Lana doing it so that
seems like a pretty fair deal agreed
everybody yes my mom completely agrees
because she doesn't want to do the
challenge so I'll leave a link to that
video if you haven't watched it and if
you have 5,000 likes even though I very
much doubt it was something for my mom -
Lana
anyways that has been your boy mo for
today whoo see you guys there
Yolo Yolo peace
