hey everybody good morning welcome to
another vlog this is actually the third
time of starting today's vlog and I just
or the footage I had before this I
didn't think was good enough so first of
all you could see the Ranger of reason
there my sister took it to fix it up and
that's why I was vlogging in the morning
I was like you know what it's not that
interesting nobody really cares anymore
and yeah I thought I'd start the vlog
here so you could see I'm suited and
booted ready to go for a small jog
recently I've been gaining weight I'm
gonna be honest with you guys I know
I've said this before in the past I'm
never happy with it and I need to change
that but it's just I can't find the
motivation to exercise so I'm going to
try and do a bit now with my mum and
then we can start the day here look at
that my mom is tired I'm forced again I
forces come running with me I don't seem
too tired do I
you see I've got good stamina not really
but as I mum come we need to both be fit
together because I know my mom will sit
home and not exercise like me we've all
had this problem we're just so lazy it
runs in the blood you know I mean
tar-zhay now we're both exercising and
she can't hang she can't hang - all
right you ready - running it
oh god that's right I love it because I
can force her to run when the cameras on
it's like oh you're making someone do
what they don't want it's just like the
pressure alright let's continue I did
tell you guys I was gonna do the ice
bath challenge or whatever that
challenges I saw on Roman out with
challenge so we're here I see a lot of
ice cubes I don't know how many we need
though one two three six I think we need
six
hi we're gonna do six I know that's huge
amount I think Rhona would do like ten
bucks I don't think he used all those
I'm just going to go for six hopefully
it's enough I think it'll be way too
much anyway so let's go for it
oh my god can we even fit six in this
tree I'm not sure I can we didn't huh
all right let's just take it damn this
is going to be a crazy challenge I don't
know why I'm doing it it's not a good
idea hey there buddy
look a do ah he's a Persian cat oh I'm
scared I'm scared I'm scared look at
that
we're on our way home with our huge ice
cubes and we came across this Persian
cat oh hey there buddy
you are look at him look at him oh I
want to take him home but he's probably
somebody's Oh does he have a leash
he doesn't have a collar this probably
from one of the houses around here he's
too calm
hello hello hello hello hello I want one
I want a Persian cat ah
he left us alright see you later buddy
tell us also okay
back with our ice cubes on our way home
let's start this I have no idea how I'm
supposed to feel when this happened so
the YouTube videos I've watched are
people doing this they actually go into
some sort of like shop they're like
freezing up they can barely get out and
it seems very intense so little why
whatever I saw I didn't think it should
be that bad it's like ice cold war but
let's see for ourselves
I completely believe that reaction
because it looks like they do go into
shock so let's just see for ourselves
like a bubbles no bubbles you hate war
you're a cat
what's wrong bubbles what's wrong that I
can what's wrong he's probably thinks
we're gonna put him into the water
we're not he thinks we're gonna put him
for a walk or no or no I promised
evolves this is for me
this is for me this is all for you look
at it he's scared we're gonna get him to
watch the side bubbles is drying this is
all for you
hey won't you show the bike I'm not sure
having a break this is not charged drop
it again I'm sure to put it in okay I
think it's all stuck together oh boy
hi Mary now you got so much
I think he bought too much what's wrong
bubble I think we bought too much ice oh
my god
oh boy
play this one future
that's your advice there's so much ice
it's not even like kind of dissolving
it's like a huge chunk we've given it
it's been about like ten minutes and
it's kind of cold so I think I don't
know this is not the smartest idea of my
life I don't want to do this I want
someone else to also like be feeling
this but and there's no way my mom once
again mouvement this challenge so ah you
know it's so cold I don't like do I go
in headfirst or I don't want to do this
I don't want to do it so cold
I've been waiting for like five minutes
trying to see okay you know I'm gonna do
guys I'm gonna do it I want to go in at
once because I know if I go in part my
part I won't do it so I'm just gonna do
it the room that would wait all right
I'm gonna call it I've got okay three
two
Oh forgive I'm racing here huh - oh he's
actually so cold I actually now know
what day I know what they mean when they
say I hear you tense up like I'm so bad
all right
what okay this time I'm gonna go in like
forward so I'm gonna do it quickly so I
can come out all right no no way
okay I'm gonna humble thing it okay a
cop oh my nose guys I was so panicked
that I forgot to take off my socks
before this challenge so let's go for
all of this in the washing machine and
damn man I actually salute all the
athletes because I've heard they do this
like after their matches just for the
help like that must be traumatizing in
like some type of way I I reckon mum I
reckon you should do this challenge next
she was having the time of her life
watching visions I just smiling behind
the car I reckon we should do we should
make her do this I would really do it
please please we should like triple up
on ice cubes
I will you really do it yes I mean I
4000 and you
yeah okay every hit I doubt we're going
to hit it because it's such a huge
target but because you Dino like she
really doesn't want to do it if we have
4,000 likes I'll force my mom not for
sir but she said it right there a camera
she would do the challenge so I reckon
you guys can you're gonna have to do it
yeah but we're gonna double up on ice
cubes we're gonna make the whole hahaha
it's fair enough I mean I got 2,000 so I
did six so you have to do okay ten give
you ten to kilogram ice all right that's
a deal guys that is a deal I'm so
excited if we do I'm gonna like make a
counter like this video now that I did
that challenge I feel super thirsty I
need a cold drink
Tony the ward I'm having now is as cold
as that well that would be amazing
there you go she crazy man she crazy
alright so I'm searching up if they have
McDonald's delivery I've seen them
deliver I know you probably don't have
this in any other country I've seen
McDonald's bikes going around delivering
food so I'm going to see what the
minimum order is and let you guys know
maybe you can get some McDonald's
delivered to our house alright there is
definitely look what does it mean how
does mik delivery work set your address
choose your you checkout will deliver to
you seems pretty legit hi district
delivery hi can I place an order yes it
is my first time mommy
all right can I get one note two
cheeseburgers
can I have six nuggets yes that's
correct
bye-bye
pretty awesome right so we got our Seles
McDonald's and I was like is that enough
to get it delivered because on the red
site says you need to order minimum 25
Durham's that's about five pounds ish in
British pounds and in dollars I think
that's like lemonade a math like seven
dollars until they deliver it they also
charge like 50 P or one dollar for
delivery so that's pretty cool we're
gonna have mcdonald's brought to our
door you happy bubbles really a
mcdonald's are you happy hey hey
mcdonald's this year let's go collect it
how much is it a stink
there you go thank you all right let's
just make sure that we got everything
you wanted so there you go that's my
mum's Big Mac and yet seems like
everything got here oh you wanted some
you want site models next time you can
place an order - oh what a perfect
timing my sister is here so it's
actually pretty good I came as soon as
my sister came because that means you
can record me so when I bought this I
only boy because I had like my boys it's
pretty cool at night so let's see how
far like I
a hydrogen whoa that's pretty I
goodbye I'm scared I'm gonna break it
this one takes it up and this one spins
it and goes forward and backwards you
ready
so like turns it around like you see the
drift me okay wait for this car to go by
and then we can have a try yeah that
one's up oh I can own it stop it stop it
stop it stop bring that down we got them
oh my god and you know it's funny she
told me my mom was mad oh don't bother
you're turning over this in my hand like
you know please please just don't touch
the controller okay ah bro swear Oh
as soon as anything go George and bring
me goes left and right I left them right
but it spins inside going left yeah so
go for it go for the wind kind of annoys
it Oh
oh jeez I think oh okay bring that now
you're so bad
okay just don't don't please don't push
that up because I swear okay wait I
don't want to push this why it's in your
hand you do it cuz that way I feel more
safe alright go for it oh boy you are is
it this is it hey go for another nut
like AAA there you go you kind of got it
you've kind of got the good you're
running away from it it's actually
pretty cool once you learn it though
right okay bring it slowly down so like
don't just go boom okay no no no don't
put it's on its side all right try again
man let's get some close-ups I don't
your same as I said no no stop stop stop
stop stop stop
hi she did a good try guys it was a good
attempt okay turn this off turn it off
turn it off turn it off ah there we go I
feel safe now I that was a good enough
try I guess for my sister she's not good
at this she's she's actually worse than
my mom she's on an equal level so we're
gonna go inside Toby see I guess what I
did today I did the ice bath challenge
it was so cold you did die yeah yeah it
was freezing but if you guys did enjoy
today's look smash the like button
tomorrow I'm gonna try and go to the
Motor Show I think it's already started
but I didn't go because you know I was
kind of busy y'all so tomorrow I'm gonna
try and head out to that and maybe we
can take a look at some expensive cars
because there should be like basically
everything in terms of cars so I know
you guys are all like car enthusiasts
you love the Lamborghini so we might see
stuff that's way better than the Lambo
all right for now
yanli y'all know I've got a helicopter
in my hand buh-bye
