Oh guys the birthday cake is coming
right now
oh yeah everyone good morning welcome
back to another vlog so today is a very
very special day guys it is my boy
Russians birthday yes you guys know how
much she is part of our family so
today's a very exciting day because he
is turning 16 years old so yeah we're
gonna have some fun enemies right now
we're creamy heading out to go get him a
gift
so let's go and let's find a gift guys
alright guys so right now he quickly
just came over to the Louie Vuitton
store here is the thing I actually found
the coolest thing ever now you guys know
how much my boy loves that limited
edition collection right now they showed
me like an invite-only Vuitton duffel
bag
that is what I'm gonna get through but
it already comes in like two weeks so
I'm technically going empty-handed and I
feel really bad about that layin mom and
that everyone's gonna be there anyways
just to show you what it looks similar
to it looks like this guy's barrel it's
like a duffel bag but obviously it's way
different because it's like half silver
half black anyways we got the gift for
now we're heading out so let's go so
right now we just finished up in the
mall we ended up getting our gift guys
check it out Oh guys I'm going to my
friend's birthday party with a gift
receipt uh I could get him like a
regular bag but I'd rather just go that
extra mile to get him something you know
I know you like so we got in the bag and
yeah basically tonight is his birthday
for you guys and like it's gonna be a
lot of people like it so I hope I
honestly hope they don't often think
it's guys like hey so we are finally
back home right now now I don't want to
make today's video emotional because
it's supposed to be a super upbeat
birthday vlog but I just want to use
this time to say guys in life make sure
you keep your real friends closer and
the reason I'm saying this is obviously
today is my boy Rockets birthday and
it's just crazy because I still have a
cake he sent me like three years ago
guys this
but it's crazy to think like you just
literally part of my family now so guys
happy birthday to my boy Russian again I
feel like a proud parent right now hey
no more emotional speech no more
emotional speech let's go have some fun
listen the birthday is later on so for
now let's go and just enjoy the day
it's Alanna just woke up she's about
alright she's about to get ready for the
birthday party bro
it's Rosh it's birthday say happy
birthday to Russia like you just say
happy birthday oh you don't you don't
fine bro but you got some like white
stuff in your hair I'll show you down
your champion right I think you have
dandruff bro yeah you could there's
white stuff in your hair because you
need to be hygienic bro
you you filthy bro do you even shot I
clearly change my t-shirt guys we are
heading back out let's go have some fun
before the birthday
yo guys look at this this is a pink
Mustang alright guys so right now we're
just driving on the street and I spied a
really cool light pink Mustang this is
awesome okay so here's the thing right
now I'm actually making my way over to
the beach it's actually been a really
long time since I've been there and I
kind of feel like it's a really relaxing
place to go okay don't judge me I know
it's kind of weird for a guy to say that
guys but it's pretty peaceful
I guess as you can see right now I
quickly came next to the ocean honestly
once in a while I just like coming to
the ocean
because it kind of just relaxes your
mind if you know what I'm trying to say
guys anyways the view right now is
beautiful it is sunset that is amazing
guys here's the thing now that I'm here
I just realized that they actually have
like a little funfair going on right now
saw what I go and see if I can win a
teddy bear for my little okay so I did
tell you there's a funfair going on
right now I quickly came to try out the
basketball game so let's see if I can
wind up anywhere
alright guys so right now we're about to
play this game where you have to dump
down everything I've lost everything so
this is my last job
for the sake of winning please why
okay anyways for now we are heading out
of the beach guys right now I'm actually
going to meet up with birthday boy wrong
shit so let's go
as I said his birthday party is later on
tonight but I'm gonna meet up with him
beforehand just so we can chill and hang
out you know it's his birthday so you
have to give some special treatment guys
happy birthday to your dad
hi guys so we are home we are all ready
to go to Russia its birthday right now
bro you're turning 16 although his
Instagram ladies start DMing your
applications right now bros their age
limit like two old days hi guys so right
now we are officially heading over to
the birthday dinner let's go let's have
some fun hi guys we'll see you at the
birthday
so right now we just walk you to the
birthday dinner we go up for you baby
it's smoking up right now
apparently they have a portable
playstation right now Oh guys the
birthday cake is coming right now
alright guys so the cake just got here
this is insane
there you go there you go the birthday
boy
all wrong this is insane even of the
plate numbers on the guys guys always
plate number 360 look at it like the
Ferrari guys this is insane bro
who else has at this cake yo bro bro bro
bro this is insane
16 year old pro sweet 16 si you what you
think well we should give the peace to
everyone don't fatty fatty fatty chill
chill fatty what are you doing are you
trying to take some cake no way no that
was the most insane birthday cake I've
ever seen in my life guys
so the cake just came here it's actually
red velvet cake so right now the vert
they just finished up that was insane
bro it was crazy the cake was good
because usually cakes which look good
they're not really tasty
I swear I was gonna say the exact really
good right now we just came outside and
apart from that crazy birthday there's a
Bugatti here there's a lapper re Parker
there's everything check this out guys
this is a three and a half million
dollar car almost 4 million whoa Oh guys
check it out he got the blue Bugatti
that was my boy Russians birthday
absolutely amazing honestly had such a
nice time thank you to him and his
family and everybody that was there
honestly it was it was a really nice
like reunion if you know what I mean I'm
at the petrol station right now I'm
quickly filling up on some gas so I need
to cook me pay guys Thank You Rio guys
as I was saying absolutely amazing
birthday honestly listen I don't know
why I love birthdays that you guys have
you know me I absolutely love birthdays
and let them cakes dog cakes though
they're guys right now I quickly came to
the petrol station my mom and sister
have my laptop and I really need it
right now so I'm literally waiting in
the veterans days you're why are you
guys
look who rolled up speech let's go Joe
you got the goods the goods have been
transferred hey yo guys look who I ran
into a yo-yo scored in a Rolls Royce I
love the car I raced me three two one
I guess I know this is super super weird
but I'm actually gonna end off today's
vlog in the car so if you have enjoyed
make sure to smash the like button guys
if you're new around here what are you
doing just subscribe so you can stay
tuned for more epic videos like this and
as I said today was a super special day
as my boy Raj's birthday is literally my
brother guys my brother from another
mother
Hey so yeah guys make sure to check my
Zoey's on YouTube and Instagram listen
guys that guy is my family's all family
first family first but yeah as always
all of you guys all I'll see two more
for another epic video and yeah stay
awesome
yeah Liana
