hey guys mo here and welcome to another
video today I thought I'd start my blog
out a bit differently by showing you my
sneaker collection the last time I did a
collection video was a couple of months
ago with my watches but this time I'm
going to show you my sneakers so let's
get started so first off in the
collection we have my Nike Air Max nice
I got these I think about a month ago
not too long ago I got an old navy blue
I really like them so that is that what
these when I was in London and yeah
that's the first pair of shoes we're
gonna go straight to my Jordans if you
haven't watched I bought these about two
weeks ago my first ever pair of Jordans
are super flies all black and I just
think they are a great shoe quickly
moving on we have my Steve Madden blue
shoes now not too sure if you guys we
even know the brand I bought them
because my sister has some vouchers in
the shop so that is why I got these
these are my first pair of running shoes
ever they are the adidas bounce boost
whatever you want to call them these I
bought a couple years back and I still
have them till now they actually still
work very well they've got that awesome
bounce technology there which makes it
so much easier for running next up we
have the night Pegasus running shoes I
think their running shoes anyways I
thought they looked really good and
sporty I use them for gym pretty much
and yeah that's another one in my
collection I'm going to start showing
them two pads at a time now these two
pairs I really like my shoes which are
integrated with cars so this is my
Ferrari design puma shoe or something
like that so it looks really great in
suede but the quality isn't very
delicate so you only really want to wear
when you're going out somewhere nice
also another Ferrari humor collaboration
here so they don't awesome
not too sure exactly what these are for
like usage terms but they look sweet as
hell so yeah next up we have my Ralph
Lauren shoes I bought these literally
just because my school would allow all
black shoes and this was the only way I
was going to get away with sneakers so
that's why I got these next two shoes
already sneakers these are just formal
shoes I just added them in there so
there you go I only wore these my prom
literally once or twice I think and then
these I only recently bought to go to
for gelareh which is a five-star
restaurant so yeah they made me wear
smart shoes now next up don't ask me
about these I don't know why for them
I've literally worn them like once or
twice for tennis and that is it so worst
file every time I don't like how they
look but some people might like them who
knows I just added them in the
collection again we have another
collaboration this is porky and Adidas I
really like these shoes I wish I knew
where to get another pair cuz this pair
is getting messed up now but these these
are not sneakers these are just flip
flops so I don't know I just put them in
here cuz I wear these to the beach a lot
so I just reckon I'd put it in there
next up we have actually one of my
favorite shoes I don't really know why I
really like wearing these on a dating I
don't wear that much now just cuz I'm in
Dubai but when I was in London I'd
literally wear them everywhere this is
also a pair I really like these are my
adidas I'm not even sure they're cool
anymore I did know but there you go
just your standard all-black
- nothing special next up we have these
pairs of shoes this was actually brought
to me for my birthday by my uncle and
cousin in Newcastle's you're a shout to
them
these are Fred Perry shoes full grade
and yet another very nice as well so I
don't really keep the boxes to my shoes
you can kind of see sure though over
there I've only got two boxes so one is
the Jordans which I showed you
straightaway and that's just without
more than a week ago and the next one
actually has shoes in it which is again
literally the same Steve Maddens I
showed you a couple seconds ago by
doubled up on them in gray now these are
not worn and they are the last shoes I'm
going to show you for today that's all I
have so if you did enjoy to sneaker
catch your most smash the like button if
you haven't watched my watch connection
video I'll leave a link to that in the
description because you know your boy
has some don't watch it and yeah let's
continue with the normal look for today
peace so I'm just about set up my
PlayStation 3 and that's because if you
guys remember my blows in London as a
guy called James I don't know a lot you
called him roy store ever it was the
blonde guy pretty much robots place and
playstation he's gonna be on in like 10
minutes and I need to sort everything
out get that connected to the TV and I
just know that's gonna be a hassle
already dammit this is my new gaming
setup guys look around this is the worst
gaming style pepper this is not even a
gaming table so look at this little
thing I've literally I just put this out
here because I
I came who were like a proper thing my
playstation 3 so this is how we'll be
playing today you know my new setup how
do you like you I swear blogging this
are teammates with zero kills a hundred
and sixteen deaths this is the worst
game I've ever played all they were
doing is suiciding that's me and my
friend Moyer Pro and curse and that that
is some odd I hate this game
today's guest on the vlog is James you
can see we've blurred him out for
confidential reasons okay this is the
type of connection we get like your
stock are you moving on Scottie now you
can see it there you go guys that's
James from London you can finally see
him he change over to his phone original
yoga squad member alright let's go out
alright no cats in sight who has the
sister she's probably in the car what's
up Toby what's that sprint for y'all
told me Toby loves my mommy always just
goes to say hi to her we're making our
way to the mall right now I'm passing by
my favorite mosque I really like this my
necks beautiful there you go
why is it called that one here you know
I've never actually asked about it I
gave the car in for a wash you can see
it needs a washing wash me so by the
time you get back this should be gone
wash me please mom you see that that is
proof that once you get that it should
be washed so dusty we're having fun you
arrived let's go I've just realized they
actually have a very nice entrance at
Mall of Emirates I've never been to this
entrance but look at this it's got like
its own little green place that's
amazing right
I've never been this way and I think
this is the valley is an amazing cars
park here Wow
looks really nice right that has a badly
over there
Ferraris over there overall this is a
very nice entrance
okay let's go in the ways that there's
like a new decoration I haven't seen way
I'm not too sure elephants on suitcases
Louis Vuitton is to leave it on
decoration look at the top look all the
way at the top it's on that little black
cube it says Lou Vuitton guys alright
let's go let's go I feel like it's been
a very long time since I've come to a
restaurant outside so we're back at bf
James our normal restaurant we come to
all the time
recommended get the shrimp you know the
dynamite ships perfection and then
whatever else you want but yet we're
just seeing the middle look at the view
oh my god
I'm just so excited to be outside for
lunch I feel like I've been inside way
too much they
up and inside too huh we've opened
inside well yeah we've open inside too
much lately and it's good to be out
again oh my god the dynamite shrimps I
hear guys look we got two these are so
delicious okay so this is another one of
their specialties which is mongolian
beef I don't think I've ever shown you
that my mother's just start going to be
sharing that but I'm gonna have my honey
crispy chicken however it's good Wow
my mom had mine instead of ours let's
get started what the hell they done to
that child they take it our body and put
cabin
you
why just recorded I have no idea what
was going on like a bigger bet not too
sure I got there a bit late it seemed
before I recorded it anyways and I think
the girl might have been some famous
model who knows
so since today I did do my shoe
collection video I thought it'd only be
right to come and look at some of the
Jordans that might be bought in the near
future so yeah let's get a quick look at
some so I know these are noob I don't
know I thought these were supposed to be
really rare I'm not sure if these are
the original I'm not too sure these and
also I've seen loads of videos with
these so what's the difference between
like the really limited edition ones and
these ones can you guys let me know also
these look really nice so I'm not too
sure let me know what is the best to go
for I'm really sure these are supposed
to be really rare so are these like is
their versions as I like a limited
version and like I don't know another
version but really I'm still happy that
I bought these ones in all black even
that kind of way looks good oh yeah
let's see why else is there in the
Jordan section these were really like
futuristic how much are these $9.99
they're not like that bad I don't I
thought there'd be much more especially
stuff like these I swear I've seen these
that girl for like I think thousands of
dollars made like a thousand at least
and these are like $200 so tell me if
there's like versions to them like a
retro version a new version but yeah I'm
really lucky I'm confused now just tell
me
educate me down below that I'm not too
sure exactly how it works
that is awesome whoa we should buy one
oh my god
my mom is always after her coffee man
what's up wish ons a coffee I like going
back for I'm not even sure why I
wouldn't have I don't know
I like mango yeah dude tested you chose
I think that's the very note is it very
another one
to attest your food my sister went for
chocolate said she wasn't having any of
that strawberry she was like okay I'm
gonna go for mango again I really like
the mango right
there is I normally have chocolate all
the time I just somehow feel like mango
is healthier can I have a small bag
going to come yeah and I'm changing out
normally I always go for a cone let's
just go for a cup I think it's easier to
hold around yo cheers Cheers
this is a cool way of showing a phone is
not water they know it is what if I mean
look at it they just like turned on
sprinklers all around
as 105 inches how much and 449 thousand
so that's how much is that in dollars a
100 like a hundred yes or someone send
us that DV gentle play on this go on it
try it right please God you see how it
is good Oh
hold this gesture get in serious mode
even know what the buttons do okay no
okay let's leave Lesley all right no
okay beep error how would you decorate a
car
the halloween 'mobile which guard
arranged or llama you'd decorate the
level Halloween edition Lamborghini
they are Lana in like five years I said
that's you in like five years whoo this
is my one shot to be on a red carpet
event and I missed out I missed out next
time they need to invite me to these
events man that's directly rotating
pictures at the red carpet I would have
been like
alright well that is a wrap I met
someone awesome so make sure to follow
me on snapchat by the way light when I
meet you guys
I'll ask Johnny on my snapchat when
we're coming through this valley section
with our trolley this is like boutiques
our trolley through Valley and its got
like a dustbin type of thing inside it
we are definitely as I said snapchat
links are down below in the description
and everything else you can Instagram
follow me there too
woo yeah I mean let me hold it away once
they want it oh that's heavy here let's
check if the car is washed no let's
check it oh yeah there's no more no I
put I brought water me on the back so I
knew if he had been washed all right
let's go we are not letting her drive
she's too tired and drunk
she seems drunk today she hit the
pavement twice on the way yeah like in
the parking lot been at home too long
and I'm really tired so I've got three
different types on this week's because
um yeah but this is the one you should
get you said you have three ingredients
just to look okay just cancel this part
go to the spa
oh your your heart no why would I got to
that you're lying to the viewers it you
don't be your three ingredients no Gigi
you owe me three I'm just trying to show
them which
I use I use this one this is a different
type of see you don't help bad your
meters time on the blog would okay basic
know how much I want to are someone gave
me two minutes love my blogs hey guys
that's how you made the best photo bomb
I can mix it then I'm not giving you
another just do it right now just
do right now make sure yeah just don't
get two other percentages get the one
that's 21% so what are you gonna do that
special no not you code me to make
Johnny good that's that's all you called
me for this is if you tell people that I
win drinking milk chocolate Nesquik from
when I was a baby every single not in my
life oh you literally just made
chocolate milk and said you a smash - I
thought you were gonna add some special
ingredients there okay now you worried
like three minutes of blood rage guys
that was it that was horrendous anyways
we could enjoy today's go to smash like
button I'll see you guys more peace
yawn the yodel by this
