this is how you wash your Mac but guys
give morning guys and welcome to another
vlog as you can see I am sponging down
my macbook screen so I'd no other way of
washing the screen you're so dirty I
don't know if this is ruining my laptop
but I don't think it should be let me
know if this is a really dumb thing to
do but wallah how to clean your macbook
screen it looks pretty awesome right
perfect
let's just see if it turns on oh yeah
let's see how key reacts if I put a
moving thing on her okay lights off
let's go all right so we're just outside
walking and my mom has been lecturing me
for the past 10 min Nora lecturing she's
been giving me life advice George do you
wanna know what she's been telling me
okay I'm gonna let her sake because it's
so ridiculous to me or are you telling
me for the past five minutes you need
advice she's been telling me that I need
oh I hope now if you guys already knows
okay
I'm Way too young that's what I think I
have 20 years old but you know she has
been talking to his okay you know I
think it's time you started looking for
Miss mo I don't know it just seemed so
okay to me that's why I had to film at
since I heard her say it I knew she was
gonna say this eventually to me even my
friends in London they always mess
around with me but seriously burr do you
reckon I really need a wife I don't know
tell me what you guys think do you think
she's right do I need a wife at this age
not really a wife but to start looking I
guess I get what I would like what
you're just gonna marry me away but they
get a certain amount of likes okay no no
don't like this video man we're not
we're not trying to get married right
now but I know what I would deal what
for what like for a wife okay no don't
don't bother trying to hit that target
but you guys reckon I need someone in my
life I don't know I just feel like I'm
confused man I don't know just just let
me think about it
okay besides from all that too
I've had with my mom we're gonna go to
pick up the new call of duty boom we're
getting black ops 3 today if you're a
guy and you play playstation you
probably know what I'm talking about the
hype is real ah I'm just so excited to
get this game because I'm a gaming
addict if you don't know me you mind out
last time I was here I showed you a
couple of supercars I got their names
wrong and you guys completely roasted me
there's so many more now let's have a
look at that there you go guys cars
falling at its finest
we have a beautiful white Aventador
gorgeous orange rockin
finally a yellow Gallardo as you can see
there's always beautiful supercars lined
up and I just got a couple for you there
yo here we go guys this is what I'm
talking about call of duty black oh you
can try it out I might try it you're not
gonna believe what I'm about to tell you
about black ops 3 what you're seeing
right there so I just came to play and
I'm all right there's no Playstations I
don't think they're playing it or I
don't think they've set it off the plane
and I was like eh who cares about the
playing and let me just go buy it and
they just told me apparently it's been
postponed for a week here in Dubai so
we're not gonna get it for like a week
which is really strange to me but I
think they said the government held it
back maybe they're doing like a checking
to see if the game is not too violent
and stuff like that I'm not too sure but
that's really like odd I guess we'll
have to just come back next week and get
it I'm not going to be one of the first
people to be like playing it then that's
a shame right I guess we're not going to
get black ops 3 for a while then look at
that that's also a my have one for home
like a car
- car and a helicopter alright guys I
got tempted and I'm buying myself a
little helicopter which looks awesome
the reason I got this is because I got a
helicopter last time and it broke so I
decided to buy another one now that
store is pretty cool they what loads of
nice things like aim light instead of
wrapping I was thinking about wrapping
my hog but they had all if it wrapped so
you can see how it looks like but you
know your boy ended up getting a
helicopter inside there let's go and use
our home later on with mine thank you so
it games a game I promised myself I'm
only going to play one game of GL or No
Deal so let's swipe it I know should we
go let's see should we double up or okay
now we're just going to go for 500
tickets let's start basically you need
to follow the one with the most amount
of tickets alright let's see which
ticket which one do we need to follow so
that one 500
ah yeah this is this is pretty much
impossible I'm not going to look because
it puts you up so bad you just can't
follow what number just guess one
oh that's not good that's not good we
need to keep these ones
okay I'll guess nine
okay I don't think we're doing good we
need to get rid of these oh yes yeah
that's good that's good that's good all
right one more one last one Hey
the offer is sick no way
wait no deal is that no deal boom
six
oh no that's bad that's the worst
circuit the only thing we're playing for
is 250 now we get rid of that that's it
ah this is so bad you pick one of them
I'm bad luck
I'm not going back to the game section
ever again this is all you got like this
is all we got eight eight tickets
we're just waiting now so my sister can
come pick us up the waiting in the
valley section and obviously you know
there you go
Ferrari Aston Martin another Ferrari
four five eight another Ferrari has
briefed below three Ferraris in the same
van is just just beautiful look at that
that's that's a Ferrari and that's
tomorrow and then they run identical
Ferrari but convertible over there if
you can see that one there you go it's
not focusing there you go I know it's
just it's amazing I love this the audio
superstars here so we just took a quick
pit stop at Hollister my sister wanted
to try out some basic t-shirts it's good
because those t-shirts are after all I
kind of thin so that's why we get them
it's pretty much is like stuff like this
but this isn't Hollis I found this at
the fall on my cupboard so once she
finishes up here we're good to go
I made one of the biggest mistakes
as you can see it's coming up so I've
decided I'm going to take off now
it is straight the
makes
it's going to take a long time
imagine disguise my mom's phone can make
fools
and if she's on a call it can still
receive pause but it normally can't
receive if you know I mean so imagine
C's just on someone then someone calls
her it will come through
otherwise she can't receive clues if her
phone is normal it's super weird we're
going to go to at the sauna to see how
we can fix it the lighting is so dark
I think it's straight on all right let's
go sort this out are you looking at my
videos page yeah I thought I looked good
think I'll change it is this really cool
amazing advertisement anywhere I go I
just open up my page and leave it there
so you can see BAM
let's just put videos there nice good
job moe good job check out this rowing
machine so it's got loads of War inside
it and when you pull it it turns the
ward you see that guy's so weird I've
never seen something like that I'm
always fascinated with everything in the
sports shop I want to go surf boarding
now that I'm here and seal with a
surfboard so let me know if you guys
recognize should go or just it should be
like a waste of time and you think I'll
be terrible i laughing surfboarding
something cool i need to do how are we
going oh let's go home yo is a liar oh
my god these are all liars know that
that's a pen and a lighter but guys look
at that light that's like a Canonchet
that's twenty one thousand forty seven
thousand for that horse that that's the
cool gold there's a snake what is all yo
that's 49 now okay if anyone wants to
buy me that lighter like you can just
send it to me I wouldn't mind 48,000
dirham
I mean would I spend that money is way
too expensive for me just for a liar to
guys oh yeah look at that
that's awesome I think I did it I think
I did it I found myself a wife
oh my god we are such a happy couple
together look look at her red heels down
both her eyes she's my wife you know me
and me and that BAE me and they are
together this is so Lansing belongs ice
did you I thought no shot no way I
usually badges on girl
all right let's let's take a thumbnail
shot my mom convinced me to take some
photos with my new wife so I think we
should we should all take from what it
looks like a man it doesn't even look
like a woman but the heels are the only
thing that making it awkward so there
you go guys
I find an arranged marriage to that
little white what's it called dummy we
put on dummies or what you go down
mannequins acid and yeah I mean was an
emotional day today I almost cried when
what happened I'm such a loser I just
recently saw a video on YouTube
from a blogger by the name of Rome and
and he filled up his bathtub with loads
of ice cubes and he did something called
that ice bath challenge or so it was it
was really fun and I'm not sure directly
I should do it let's see if we get it
2000 likes but also comment down as well
as the like comment down if you want me
to do this so I'm not sure it seemed
really like coded like not a good thing
to do but you guys want to see me do
I'll try it out and I thought it's
really fun as always on our a hole we
have to fill up petrol I swear this car
drinks petrol like I don't know how it
just just picks all the petrol in as you
can see we're empty and yeah we're just
filling up at the petrol station
thankfully we don't need any shopping to
do so we're good to go home and play
with my helicopter straight after then I
go okay I think it's time we get this
helicopter out this is what I'm hoping
you has charged if not I think you have
to use it tomorrow
the Nutri pretty cool how do I get it
out of here it looks like it's stuck
somehow I don't break it so I don't know
what to do I don't know what to do how
do I get this up okay that worked oh no
please don't tell me this these
batteries yeah and they told me was
chargeable no okay the remote is
batteries I need to go get some
batteries later on so I guess we're
going to start using this tomorrow
but overall seems pretty cool I'm going
to put it away before bubbles destroys
it look at it he's already investigating
the box oh no bubbles are putting this
guy away before you destroy it if this
guy were destroyed
in front of themselves anyways guys if
you did enjoy today did you smash the
like button my mom is going a bit cuckoo
trying to get me married away at this
really bruh I can by the way she's not
gonna get me a range manager for you
guys comment down below it okay she just
told me your mold you bastard yeah that
was not the case alright
she was just telling me your mole you
need to get a bay you know I mean I that
was it she didn't even really tell me
that she was like joking around so this
just I'm joking guys I'm not getting
arranged marriage it was all a lie okay
it wasn't a lie she did tell me you're
more where you're being you need a wife
be soon like as soon as in like you know
five years ten years
just leave it lets me bad that that's
what Maxine is but if you did enjoyed
today's video smash the like button
Kitty is passed out of my table look at
it she's legit just passed out and she's
not moving I came when I tried to put my
laptop and I had to adjust myself
because she's not getting up see you
guys in our vlog tomorrow
yummy Yolo goodbye
