good morning guys today is the day that
Lana is going to be transforming so this
is the final look you're gonna see
blonde Lana then she's going to go
through a transformation where a moth
becomes a butterfly that's the only
transformation I could think of so give
them a twirl of your hair this is the
last time they're gonna see it you had a
friend and me well yeah she's going to
the salon right now so we're gonna see
her straight off that I'm going to the
beach today look at my clothes so yeah
hopefully you enjoyed today's vlog and
yeah and this is ah the last time we're
gonna see like I don't really care - I
don't even I think brown will suit you
bear so go
alright soup yeah she taking selfies
just like I lost it's like a memorial
okay take selfies this okay I can like
all you wanted me I keep fine I'll take
it do it I'm gonna say goodbye to her
for now peace and yeah let's go continue
with our day let's go do some swimming
at the beach
alright taxis outside we're about to go
I just have to share this with you guys
I'm so ashamed right now and the region
is you can see I'm wearing a light blue
all round and I really wanted to wear my
custom shoes but the other day when I
wore for the first time look what
happened it's all white and crusty where
the bends are but taxis waiting as I
said so let's go and have a great day
okay we just got dropped off and I think
if I'm not mistaken if I mess this up
then we're kind of in trouble but I
think this walkway you can see there
leads to the other side which we came
down today so hopefully it does I mean
just didn't get off way too early so
let's see yeah there's so many stairs I
can see why my mum didn't come up the
other day the damn the view is amazing
here wait I think it's just the right
place I'm not sure you're now that we're
up here look at that
that is beautiful
look at that I think we somehow got lost
in the middle of like this really
beautiful garden place in my mom look at
like all the buildings are surrounding
us and in the middle you have this like
little war mode oh yeah I think she go
that way because that looks like an
awesome hallway we've kind of got lost
now we're next it is like on a temple
type of looking seeing area and I'm not
sure where we're going anymore let's
look down here is just a road yeah I
think that is the road I'm completely
lost now I have no idea where it is we
going and everywhere we come in looks
the same now it just looks like it's
loads a residential area
I never see my mom nose or a guy do you
know where we're going
okay damn it looks like we're like stuck
in a maze look we just lost and that's
where we're supposed to be heading okay
we finally found the stairs and made it
down look we have to walk down all of
them stairs
till you made it to the beach side it we
found the beach I'm about to take off my
shirt and go for a swim so I'm going to
swap out to the GoPro I know the quality
isn't the best but you can't swim with
these cameras so let's go see loads of
watersports I might ask about them so I
can come later I see that really cool
one where you have like two war things
shooting I'm gonna go see if I can
record anyone doing it
so I just finished up doing a bit of
swimming there's a beautiful sunset the
reason I did some too much is because
the sand water went in my eye cuz that
opened my eye and it started burning me
so I just ran out but let me quickly
show you the sunset it's so beautiful
look at that beautiful sunset I think
this is the first time I've actually had
a proper sunset wow that's really
beautiful okay I think I'm gonna go back
inside the water to get a couple more
Clips it's just so beautiful outside the
water is all I'm trying to contemplate
which it looks nicer my mum's been on
the phone talking to family for a long
time now I'm trying to make her like
come with me but she's so busy on the
phone that it's just me going I look I
look weird man I look weird trying to
vlog myself alone so yeah hopefully
she'll be done soon and she can try and
come with me a little and yeah not it's
just gonna be me today I'm kind of
scared of the ocean that's why I don't
really go out I don't know when I don't
know what's under me it just feels
there's just like a little phobia of
mine it's not really a phobia but I'm
still kind of scared that's why when I
went I made sure there was loads of
people around me and I did go that deep
anyway we're going back into the war my
mum doesn't want to get wet so she's
just putting her feet into the water
yeah yeah yeah now she's getting a bit
of a experience
oh it's cold it's really cold if I drop
this camera it's not even the waterproof
one their GoPros in my hand Oh
like outside I don't I I told you I
don't really like going in when there's
no one and you can see there's nobody
I've got like a phobia I'm scared there
might be like new okay I might I don't
know
you see that
it's time to dry up and go for we've
been here for quite a while my mom has
been on the phone most of time yeah dude
until he was recording me I think we
came here at the perfect times like a
sunset over there showed you look how
beautiful it is damn man hey let's go
before it gets too dark I need to go by
myself
black ops 3 because that just came out
only guys will know about if you play
playstation we're trying to find a
shower at the moment we have no idea
where is we're planning and going
straight to the mall I think it's
somewhere around here but it looks like
this is like some really fancy club or
area I know it says no trespassing
private property okay I thought so we
did get kicked out straight away that's
in a ritz-carlton I think we were here
like a month ago because our family was
staying in that hotel but yeah they said
the changing room is over there it's
like two little Hut so let's go change
into our more clothes and go there's a
queue I think we should just change you
okay I think we're just gonna let's just
go like behind samus and no one sees me
nude I'm joking I'm not really going I'm
a kid okay I think yeah a little change
here Oh guys guys guys there's two cowls
oh my god oh my God look at that that's
awesome
yo we're walking alongside two cameras
okay that is pretty awesome I'm not
going to get any closer just in case
they like kick me somehow I don't feel
like safe with that awesome Wow
I never expected seeing camels so how
was your swim mom but you didn't swim
you didn't swim no I caught lying I
caught you I intentionally said that
yeah and you're like it's good why the
hell you lie do my mom knows the song
right now but we need to go find a taxi
because I've heard black ops three was
out and I want to get it because if you
don't already I'm an addict to games
like go follow my gaming channel not
sure well I make a do gaming channel for
this I'll have to seat his weight on it
weight on it and then you'll see
actually for now just go subscribe to my
gaming channel I'll leave a link to it
in my description and yeah just
subscribe for now and wait until I post
my gaming videos because I'm addicted to
games I have to start a gaming channel
you know what we just thought about it
and going to the mall is not a smart
idea because there's going to be loads
of traffic it's a Friday night so
instead we're just going to eat here and
then head off home I think that's a
better plan check out the valet guys
some sweet cars there's a little car
spotting for you guys Ferrari
next up we have an Aston Martin and
finally this Bentley now that I have a
haircut I don't think a hat really suits
you I'm trying to find which way is
there I don't know okay I'll just keep
it like that we stopped by at the cinema
to have a little snack we're not even
going for a movie but this was the only
piece I knew that had a hot dog so we
just stopped by with my mommy obviously
wait that's my drink my mom doesn't have
that oh wait did I just get ketchup on
myself no I did it all right we're gonna
stop by eat this and I think after that
we're gonna be out with my sister how
long is it take to cover someone's here
I'm not even sure she's still not done
though it's time to go home I think
should we just hop into our Ferrari and
go oh wait it's not ours it's not ours
like look at me I'm wearing a Lambo hat
say shy hop into my Ferrari well let's
go find the taxi make our way home my
sister surprising enough look at like
it's dark out you can see that right
pitch black outside and she's still not
done bearing in mind when we came it was
like bright and they were sunny this
everywhere so I don't know which we were
supposed to go I think we'll just go ah
yeah okay are you joining it from here
alright let's get some milk then yeah
all right let's go
those were some pretty sweet dance moves
but I don't think they've got anything
on your boy bro your boy mo is the best
dancer all right you ready
Mama's staying here the thing is my home
was like we couldn't find a taxi and she
was like it's like we're getting two
signals to stay and as soon as you hope
the Henry sword is done so maybe we
didn't get actually because they wanted
us to block this for you guys all right
let's go yo we just got home and those
Toby over here and there's another cat
on the tree ah was Toby bullying you all
right guys moment of truth for you guys
the way for the whole day my sister's
new hair color are you ready to see it
I three two one hey guys I hope you like
when you look see it wasn't exactly what
I tricked you guys into thinking it's
actually like an ash brown blonde I
don't really know exactly but I hope you
like it
it's the new logo I start me it's still
Donna I haven't changed inside it's just
my hair color is different I hope you
guys love it I like it so if I love it
it's actually like so far I just like my
new favorite
like a proper 12 show them heart looks
like there you go Bam Bam Bam
you got a new hair color how long are
you staying with this one who knows but
if you do like it smash the like button
if you don't that does not mean hit this
like right still smash the like button
but just comment down below which one
you preferred so there you go that's
what we've been waiting for the whole
day you know your voice still good a
black hair no you know we're not
changing it momo'o in the house but yeah
if you did enjoy today's vlog that's
what we were waiting fine it took like
six hours how long does it take to color
so much like it's time to get there and
then plus I got like treatment done
because my hair had been bleached so I
needed treatment yeah her hair was like
dying was like no too much bleach but
for now if you did enjoy today's look
smash the like button and yeah we'll see
you guys later
wait miss wait how do I do it tell me
anything no this is weird
oh this is our get dominant rod by the
way guy
oh crap on it I'm cracked my head
rubbing it did you hear that yeah I
heard it but are you okay
