good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so we're heading off to the
hospital saw our family are there it's
not too serious don't worry we're just
gonna go check up on them and say hi and
stuff like that so by the way we put so
many snacks like Pringles and chocolate
because a Halloween that we had to bring
loads into the Carlat we've got like a
little fridge in the middle of the car
yeah is it's cold it's cold feel it look
actually no it's not it's not really
cold still it oh you just turned it on
yet it's green now so yeah we've got a
little fridge we're gonna put loads of
snacks in the car now or whoever wants
some because when you're out you feel
more hungry than you were at home oh my
god she's driving and eating Wow obesity
you're on TV shows birth so funny story
recently me and my sister kept on gang
like messages and comments and tweets
and everything saying you guys are on TV
and we're like really basically what
happened is a TV show I knows good luck
insiders Edition or something they put a
clip of me and my sister did karaoke in
the car on TV it was a good I wanted to
tell you guys something about myself
today I don't really do that you guys
know
No okay anyways as I was saying before
this song I put it in the videos and
I've got her hooked on it so you guys
always ask me where I'm from and besides
from that a lot of you just generally
right where you think I'm from Seoul
today I'm kind of gonna give a little
bit away but not nearly as much as you
think so
purse okay can you stop breaking I hate
you I hate you you break really weird I
she keeps on breaking in my head keeps
going back so the way I class where
someone's from is now please stop it's
so annoying
it's three things where you're born
where you've lived and where your
parents are from so then three things so
there um three fingers about where
you're born where you've lived where
your parents are from so today I'm
giving away one of them and I'll be
giving away more in other videos so and
the only reason I'm saying this is
because the place we're going now is
actually where I was born so there you
go I was born in Dubai you were born
here as well we were born we were both
born in the same hospital and that's
exactly where we're going to see our
family today so yet hopefully you like
that bit of information now there's a
lot more to it
so keep guessing in the comment section
if you want so if you do enjoy me
telling you a bit about myself smash the
like button and yeah that's the first
key to the puzzle you want the orange
Smarties how am I gonna separate mini
orange Smarties go to Heine look okay by
the way I don't think I mentioned but
this was the hospital we were born in
it's good Latifah Hospital but when we
were born here it was actually good our
Wasel hospital and yet they've
completely changed it it's extremely hot
today like I mean hot brand if you like
I know I was watching a video yeah and
someone was complaining about a little
bit of heat you should be happy when
something is hot I really like the
weather but it's just a bit on the
radial side today
Oh swag then
thug life your your squad our stuck in
traffic
oh yo you look at that red car that red
car you rescued oh oh
the back you saw y'all come with us guys
join the back before you oh my sister
complaining so much let me show you
something really exciting BAM okay so
you guys remember I told you to set me
in cool designs for shirts a lot of you
have done that I picked these two at
random lame print them out so you can
see them a bit better just give me a
second okay they should be printing now
let's go upstairs and get them okay here
they come is that one
voila nice before I start talking about
the designs I want to say thank you to
everybody who has been sending me
designs I just picked these out because
they were the first thing I saw my email
right now and they looked awesome so
getting onto the designs a lot of you
have been designing me things really
similar to this as well and yeah I
really like this thing so the fingers a
three finger thing I do you know the
yellow Yolo the wind love victory signed
that looks awesome now I definitely want
to implicate that into my design but
something I would say ought to change
about these designs even though they
look really awesome I never mentioned
this and I forgot to do I really want a
generic design something that's not too
specific so mold logs would be a bit too
specific I think maybe your squad can be
something I could put but let's see if
we can find designs that like for
example just one wearing right now it's
just a random design anyone can wear and
it's not really specific so I'm gonna
try I'll show you why I mean by this
okay well like one really pathetic
attempt it's nowhere near as good as
these shout out to Aria I think that's a
guy who sent me then I'm not too sure I
could just be saying around the main bow
I mean it made me something like this
this is really bad I know don't judge me
but BAM you can see it's really simple
three fingers and a circle and that
like a little logo on the side and stuff
like that so if you guys can please send
me stuff like that very generic ones but
look really cool at the same time I'd
appreciate it a lot and yeah we're
getting there we are getting there but
yeah thanks a lot for these awesome
designs on icy designs like this style I
kind of relate it to me it kind of
excites me I know for the future like
things that you could possibly do
imagine like loads of people wearing a
shirt and like representing the squad
you know it's just really exciting so
hopefully we can do that in the future
and there's loads of things to come with
it so we need to go find someone that
makes good quality shirts people can
ship it send it off safely ah it's gonna
be a big big thing but hopefully it
works out in the end and yeah we will
have the yo-yo squad Jana Yolo clothing
range zone sound that's the weirdest way
of saying soon flex on them real quick
shoe games strong ok I told you we're
hungry or I wanted to tell you anyways
so it's time to go eat right right yeah
I'm just really tired today so I'm
letting them all take over I'm not doing
much face because I'm really tired
the Apple has been holding the camera on
him the entire time we're finally here
it's the same place we came the other
day it's got a pretty nice area they've
got like seeing outside for like kosta
in KFC so you know you can just relax
and heat something we were originally
gonna have some boosah but nowhere is
gonna sell it here so it's either Costa
or KFC I think we're gonna try and cheat
the system we're gonna see if we can get
some mooses from inside get them he it
up and then come sit outside and have
our tea acosta let's see light pack we
just asked the bakery no samosas
no some nurses apparently my sister's
just gonna put this elusive to the side
and you get something else since they
didn't have any this is the selection
yes a looser oh you do oh is that she's
inside it
chocolate donut please
my sister is totally cheating right now
we're in KFC and she's got loads of food
from outside she
to be in here but you know obviously
you're in a in here anyway she's got
like some sausage roll away we have
Pocoyo
I guess you got pizza but she's not eat
me until I can't comment because she's
so embarrassed this is the problem when
my mom gets food
my sister always ends up stealing it she
went food for it even though she's not
supposed to and still ended up saving my
mother's care saying okay we're gonna
eat and I'll see you off of this here
comes the illegal food
duck doctor
that Nancy Dussault right
Wow you've joined the dark side and he
joined the dark side him
I do notice you I think I made a huge
mistake with eating spicy fries my
tongue is burning so badly it's like
dying okay we're gonna head off home we
just came late night to have like a bit
of a snack
you don't realize that y'all ready is
like it's actually burning like
physically burning alright I need to go
have some more I knew I shouldn't have
put my drink way Jeff Ward
Paul to reading law
the spicy fries
I don't know you monster
I don't know how to break the news to
you guys but something kind of serious
is happening in the blogs it's something
very serious than you guys I don't think
we've been through something like this
ever in the blogging way have we no we
haven't
we really haven't so today is the last
day that Lana's gonna be bummed that's
it guys she's changing her hair color
she's not gonna be the same person from
tomorrow and yeah I guess we lost a big
part of the YouTube channel but I know
it's true thank you but you guys can
have a moment to look but uh Nazir's
know make sure to check it out I'm not
sure how it's gonna turn out tomorrow
I'm going to tell you the exact color
cuz you asked her guest you asked them
guessing the conversation you probably
know cuz she has a very similar color on
her Instagram but that's it she could
have joined the normal hair color family
cracking oh she's not ready but she's
gonna become much closer to the blog
because you can't really go lighter than
blonde can you you have to go darkest so
yeah I know I know how you got okay guys
stop stop crying I know you're crying at
home you're like no no it's right it's
all right trust me it's gonna be fine
it's gonna be fine
the bodice is though make sure to come
back tomorrow and let's all see how it
turns out I'm not sure cuz normally when
my sister colors her hair I remember the
first time she went red or like yes you
did go red one I was like I hate this
color and then eventually I kinda just
grew into it I think it's not bad you
know so yeah let's see how it turns that
tomorrow I know there's gonna be loads
of people like no no that's how a lot of
people were on Instagram when she posted
it but I think you'll turn out
two bills I think I prefer darker colors
more so yeah would you guys somewhere in
our vlog
yeah Oh No good bye
