be careful mommy good morning guys and
welcome to another look so today's vlog
started off with kitty and bubble
getting showered I didn't show it on the
vlog but they did get showered and the
reason was Kitty had diarrhoea yesterday
so she literally diarrhea all over her
cat house and yeah we decided to wash
them because they weren't clean that
much and I know a lot of you say don't
wash the cats
they'll ruin themselves but when they
have diarrhea trust me they are not
going to be licking that off so we wash
them instead breaking news the
sprinklers are about to turn on so let's
see how they actually work I hope what's
up Toby or Sabrina or whiskers are you
sure they're about to turn on where's my
sister she's told me they're gonna turn
on where's she hello in 11 minutes how
do they turn on do they like cuz these
are tiny so do they have like a really
low pressure huh
all right we'll just have to wait and
see then this is this is their clothes
at five o'clock and these are the times
it works right also tells you at a time
it's after 5:00 it's a jam and then five
again so that's pretty cool I'm excited
to see how the sprinklers work because
in the old garden in the old house we
had here
you guys saw like the garden was just
like a piece like it was a piece of land
so the sprinklers could go out
everywhere but here it's only really the
corners if you know I mean that needs a
war like in the old house is like a huge
patch just like that one that the whole
thing was like that so the sprinklers
could sprinkle out everywhere now I'm
going inside yeah moment of truth let's
see if these sprinklers actually work oh
okay so these spring where's the little
ones why aren't they turning on okay so
this is where it starts
oh yeah yeah okay I'm not going to touch
it to let it get the proper watering it
must do work ever
let's take off my tie go my flip-flops
yeah it does it does it does trust me
let's go it reaches okay did running on
her so we came to check if this side is
no this side isn't on yet Wow
okay oh okay everything else is turning
on these are for thing man what that is
it Wow
these ones are tiny okay no flowers oh
look at the little cute spring black
garden adventures with more we're trying
to one of them is over spraying let me
see what maybe maybe it supposed to be
like that now there you go this guy's
got like a that the backside is shooting
out loads award you see that final
section turned on I don't know why this
Asian look like there's too much water
dish partners yeah seems fine I think
these ones will give it water pretty
you're completely soaked up what now
yeah because okay go I don't mind
dude oh my god she's going on a did you
get there yeah why would you just walk
why would you do it now
actually no you do need to do it now
because then you won't realize if it's
working
you're in the middle of the spring Clint
but thumbs up for this great what's it
called gardening you know your whole
pants are wet now come out quick your
phone's are getting wet is all you are
so look at that
your pants are soaking hey give me your
phones give me your phones
hey your phone is so kidding can we go
finally I go you go inside I want to
show them look at that I went inside the
floor I missed it yeah let's go this was
a very bad look at this Toby's Yuma like
hell you guys are doing name is David
him Wow crazy just have to bend and
squeeze of her pants that's out great
good job swimming here look at her
we tried taking bowling and Kitty out a
couple months ago you guys saw
completely failed these guys do not want
to go out so today we're literally
leashing them up and just chucking them
outside bubbles is just crazy hey why
are you knees revolt okay bubbles today
we're gonna take you out yeah I already
know a lot you're gonna be asking all
right why can't you just let your cats
go outside like normal cats yeah no I'm
gonna explain we can let Kitty out she
will come back but once this was ages
ago when we first got bubbles my sister
would let them play in our old guard in
the old house and bubbles ran away for
two days until someone finally cooled
him with the number we left on his
collar yeah he was really hungry
obviously at random for two days and you
were struggling on the street so that's
why we just don't let them go anymore
because they are still like kittens and
they they just don't know what they're
really doing so bubbles actually ran
away for two days and we're lucky
someone found it because before yeah two
and a half days because we put a color
with my sister's number on it and they
caught us saying I think this is your
cat because this guy is meowing so much
in our garden and that's the lucky thing
bubbles meows a lot keep those key that
shouldn't got lost like she would be
dead that's it but because it was
bubbles he makes a lot of noise he makes
like a huge scene they caught us out
okay your cat is killing
our earbuds he is going crazy I don't
like yes we bowed to him but he did
scratch up my sister's hand like her
whole hand was like red marks and
everything look they can hear the colors
and already running away kitty come back
here kitty let's go outside you need to
meet your friends outside shyness bring
the colour here yeah she's gonna run
away though look as soon as she hears
the colour she's gonna yeah don't let it
like doodling delay alert she's
literally holding on for dear life I
don't want to go outside
oh my god I'm spoiled oh my god please
no I just feed me more feed me more
their own welfare because I don't think
the cat should be staying at home all
day I think they should go outside
experience the world I'm just a child
let me live Oh kitty come back Wesley
she's nowhere to be found
Wow and she really ran to my room I
can't find her oh my god she ran this
far kitty
she needs your notice to him she's
literally at the end of the bed and what
okay this is not this ridiculous
this is the hardest job ever no idea
what a squeeze it on their head okay
this talking yeah okay this time I'll
pull egos the door
is she down says yeah yeah funny pudding
oh my god
now find out still Isis I she must have
ran into her room something are you sure
she's not over here Merida did another
fight what is this right cat hunting are
you sure you're going to come down dead
a yards are under the table look they're
both here okay where's your uneven
okay fine let's let them calm down let's
give her five minutes to great
try these cats are just crazy let's
check Goldie yep they're happy
yeah business oil so spoiled bubbles as
their bones lesion closes his eyes why
is he trying to do I don't know why oh
oh oh-hoh just leaving leaving leaving
maybe we'll get used to it you see
suppose they don't work he doesn't want
a leash and oh oh my god
publicist just mergers because even to
get him to walk side if he doesn't
relish he's gonna attack with Henry huh
wait I hope he doesn't put a mark on do
it no no no I don't think he can put his
mouth under it he wants to play with it
and then I can let's just come for him
what's a good boy what's a good boy he's
hard to beat Manny so where's very loose
you know there you go no he's getting
used to it okay same coloring up and
ready to go walking the cats like
I'm gonna walk the cat does walk the cat
oh there's his old cat support kitty
gone
Oh kitty okay we are out I'm never late
mom can you see us yeah yeah well
bubbles doesn't exist we come with them
let them sit down chill can they see us
good or why yes he's just oh wow but was
just playing some kung fu stuff out here
I think he's starting to like you okay
come in donut lift them lift them and
bring them to the grass Wow
so this is actually good this is the
first time we've managed to get nods I
think about wrinkles
in Java you know that one is too big but
just try and control it is perfectly
fine determine hey what are you doing I
think he really likes a good even keep
looking explore explore my my initially
explore my life yeah he really likes it
so you know we're out here on my lion
that's how we do got my little pet lines
like a one who told my name what's up
can he go
yeah I think this look she's running
she's literally don't run one my lion
right
Oh what's up kitty
oh this is good though
what boy
don't cows see that Oh Oh his skin
oh my god what's happened oh
be careful mommy hallo
okay so we're gonna go like are we doing
outside that was so bad look at her leg
it's so red yes bleeding I just saw you
literally like slipping and sliding
trying to catch you see that her nails
on the floor where's the ha where's
there at leash Harley she's here -
rubbish she's not reliable you know
people have cats were wild destroyed
where's bubbles a leash you only survive
we should buy non emergency open clicks
because bottled one has an emergency
open look watch what he did this is what
he did right he pulled on it that leash
is fine right put a bit of pressure ah
oh my god we just watched my sister's
clip when she said
you ride you run Oh my name is so the I
swear literally I desert you see here
and rel ran you didn't get the rest of
the rest of you running off the KITT
user ran away so you guys did see now I
think my mom just pressed end through
the camera on the floor dollars just a
spec you guys would have seen it anyways
so we're just gonna want you back for
ourselves okay so we're just we put four
of the cameras where you think that they
might be affected so that corner and
then the cat should be here but first of
all we're gonna watch it from there
let's see oh my god this was like the
funniest clip ever oh my gosh who
started running there I'm chasing key
then okay let's try and look at that one
okay here today is day one she's running
that you caught him straightaway I'm
running four bubbles over a kitty over
there
ah that was sucks no no he just
literally you skew caught him he stopped
we're going to quickly put the CCD verge
on like a CD or USB so I can use it in
my video I'm gonna try and make like a
two three minute video because that was
the craziest thing that's happened to me
like ever and yeah maybe you guys if you
see it like two three minutes short
video to fight off the whole internet
share it with your friends like it was
just it's one of the videos that people
ask us to use funny but at the same time
was so stressful brassicas it just
suddenly like the cat started running
and everything so yeah if you see that
video make sure to share it with your
friends and yeah it was just something
that's really funny and intense at the
same time yeah I strain the Qureshi's
next week yeah
yeah we came in we came in ready for it
look at that she's looking outside look
at her how did she have the audacity to
do that all right after all of that
hectic incident we're gonna go do some
milk shopping and stuff like that just
the basics I can't believe one of that
happened today all happen like something
happened over here I'm not sure if I'll
leave that CCTV footage in there but
definitely I'll leave the main one but
make sure to watch that video I'll leave
a link in the description
all right so we're just picking out some
I don't know cereal Froot Loops dried
bananas dried bananas
bananas are driving statuses by this is
why I always get where is it
Coco Pops down there so today's cereal
of choice was minis banana that's how
you know she ain't gonna yeah baby won't
you come my way I got loads of shopping
today the first off um put it in the
Boop yeah
first stop um I put it in the boot yeah
then I'm gonna press the bottom so the
boot closes oh yeah there we go okay
time to go home wait yo open the door
man I can't believe you locked us out
anyways I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog
here it was so stressful my god like I
was just gonna name the video or just
make a video showing us walking our cats
and we hadn't done that in ages so I was
like alright what's the worst that can
happen they just won't want to walk and
they'll play dead and we can't take them
out but that right there that was a
crazy situation and yet leave
suggestions for future videos peace
