my sister is currently just shall we you
are so drawn all right we'll see you
guys on the way peace so good morning
today we're gonna go see our family the
ones I mentioned we're gonna go me up
there maybe have like a tea or coffee
depending on how busy they are I think
they came here for business C type of
things so they're kind of busy wrapped
up with that or we're just gonna go say
hi and you know stuff like that
Toby's out here we just gave him food
look at him it's been a long time since
I've put him on camera are you camera
shy why are you walking away Toby as
soon as he gets his food he just goes to
the other house this guy does not even
like us he just even wants the food and
he just goes look at him he's out leave
me alone leave me alone I'm gonna go
into the shade but yeah we're gonna go
and yeah let's see what's up today where
y'all at when and Mona Mona Mona you've
heard that song right my future and
great so we're actually pretty lucky cuz
we are a bit late me
I'm sorry if you're watching this but
there's no traffic thankfully so we
should be a bit on time a bit more on
time than we were planning on being so
that's a great thing I guess the
struggles of women drivers they can't
get close enough to the ticket machine
okay look release your foot off the gas
I don't want you to drive through you
got it good job so we're here at the
Trade Center let's go meet them I told
you the reason that here is some
business thing they're doing I'm not too
sure exactly but let's see how they're
doing by the way if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog I did mention I don't
think I'll be showing them in the vlog
because they don't really like to me in
my vlogs I don't think so anyways and
it's rude for someone without them
wanting to be so if they do want to be
in the blog how can we put them in but
if they don't just understand the reason
you won't be seeing them it's just
because I'm trying to respect their
their needs of not wanting to be in the
vlog if you know I mean so let's go this
is actually my second time here at the
Trade Center you guys should know
because we came here last time for a
gtex that's why I brought my iPhone if
you guys don't know so yeah it's not the
first time we're here they've got some
cool little pain but not really little
they're huge actually
so I know where we need to go now well
let's go ask the reception just to give
you guys updated we did finish off and
family right now we were at the mall
having like some tea and stuff we're
gonna go drop them off at the hotel now
and then the rest of the day will
continue sorry I didn't put them in the
vlog it's just not the situation I hope
you guys understand and yeah let's go
so we're done now with family guys we
can go do some other stuff for the vlog
has actually been so many nice views
I've been coming across thing I look at
that even the road right there it looks
nice to me I don't know how well it
looks on camera but let's go first I
need to go and upload my video at home
and then we're gonna have to see what
we're gonna do the rest of the day
because we kind of got like busy with
this today I wanted to make it clear to
you guys I'm dare just didn't want to
like ignore as part of the day because
by the time we finished loose getting
dark outside so let me just turn off our
navigation cuz we know where we're going
now you're this rapper make some bee
noise
that's cool right we have a BMW i8 wow
that's so nice in the street
Oh like a list ripped so real my mom
decided to come to jbr Jumeirah Beach
residents or the walk place anyways now
we're gonna head over to the beach I
really loved this place because of the
amazing view has and to be honest the
beach kind of relaxes me so whenever I'm
around the beach I feel relaxed I feel
like all my stress goes away and yeah
it's just generally good to come out
like you just feel better so if there's
anyone at home I don't know just bored
stressing out just go out trust me
you'll be good for you I even brought my
skateboard I haven't skated in a wild
bull and yeah obviously just here with
the mum my mom brought some lightly or
what do you call it them things you can
make little sand castles with I'm not
sure if we will do anything but we just
broke just to chill next to the beach
hey let's go it's actually so beautiful
in this one way look at that oh we've
never walked along it it's like Jumeirah
Beach walk and we've only been driving
past every single time we've come all
right the buildings like specially like
damn Sun we're like walking on the edge
of the road the walk is on the other
side and we're walking on the side we're
not supposed to walk on though they post
it off oh yeah let's just see where the
beach is I'm not sure how to get to the
beach I've always driven by these stairs
and I've always wanted to come me and my
mom we're just gonna head up see where
it leads to I don't really know I'm not
sure if you're supposed to come up these
stairs but let's just go and see what's
up y'all okay
is it too many stairs arms gate I'll be
back I'll be back if you don't want to
come I'm standing there she's tired
cool I'm Rocky Dillon and the dinner
dinner yo oh okay so it's just a
residential place I think all right
let's go back down there was nothing
much up here it's actually much busier
than I expected today it's a Monday but
it's pretty cool everyone's actually
walking here all right let's go this way
where the dance floor at door shower
that DJ the woman is all I just this is
why man when I said I come here for
relaxation first of all look at that
view there's music playing over there
like a live DJ and it's just so like
perfect right I don't know that's just
me okay so we're seeing on the beach my
mom's like filling up or a little as
sand so you can make like a small little
sand castle but live behind me I
couldn't see this light can you see the
clouds up there there's actually clouds
in the sky we're gonna start making a
little sand castle and yeah I hope we
can make something cool
and it should generally a really calm
think to do right okay let's get started
the Sandcastle begins is that the only
thing we have we've only got one London
berry ice bucket
seems pretty oh haha okay I think we
should just kick this on a ways off
to make a smaller happen hi we're kind
of failing hey we'll put the NEX on here
and then there and there and then it'll
look like alright let's try and draw no
okay wait wait I need to fix this I need
to fix this we need the restart restart
restart okay my bad my bad
we need one more we need one more let's
just draw stuff here out
okay I think that looks good okay do you
guys want to see our amazing sandcastle
you've been working on for like an hour
no really now it's only like 10 20
minutes you're important so we thought
why not make mole and beim yeah I know
you haven't seen anything bed and it's
looking at em - they're all made in
sandcastles I think we're gonna call it
quits for now we've had enough fun this
is actually an amazing view take a
picture mum join an Instagram for are
you gonna make an Instagram Wow okay no
more photos for you then I was gonna
make her an Instagram I used to go but
then I'm not really gonna post regularly
yeah okay let's go to the beach
oh no no I'm not gonna go I'm not gonna
go it's two words to it all right
let's leave it I wonder what goes on
over there I don't even know anyways
let's go walk around on the walk I think
the walk looked much nicer than this
mace you just came here to chill for a
bit we've been walking for quite a while
now and just going around so I think
it's time to find something to eat as I
can load a restaurant
I love this place because everyone is
just so happy like everyone's like
playing music in their cars and they're
just turning up that's pretty cool
environment let's just find somewhere to
eat I don't know where I want to eat
there's loads of restaurants there's too
many to pick from that's the problem so
I guess we're just gonna have to pick
somewhere to eat eventually every time I
see these trees the one over there I
think of the cry kid you know what's
that guy's name yeah I'd like them
little trees and you would cut them
please let me know in the conversation
in car you kid you know the master guy
and he had them little trees that you
like trimmed down every day these trees
remind me of them now what are these
they're everywhere they've put loads of
these around the place that I don't know
I thought it's maybe some sort unlike
Halloween decoration all right let's go
eat I think we're gonna go 2pf change I
think when it comes to food and being a
sportive I'm not sure if that's a word
I'm the worst I always go back to the
same place if I like something I'm
always gonna go that's why it always be
like PF Changs KFC McDonald's well I
don't really got something shot as much
now but I used to do I'm not really the
type of person who likes to be
adventurous with their food I'm like the
big
my mom and sister don't mind picking lab
but they want day like always they
always just have like new things I'm not
like that
I'm never going to be trying new
cocktail over beer drinks I'm always
doing my coke Mirinda or war yeah I'm
just a really boring person I think yo
he found these bean bags and I think
they're just out here wait did we do
that I don't think so hey that's nice
trust me it's nice but yeah they've got
these bean bags like in the middle of
the walk there think you can just come
and sit on them and relax pretty dope
right that is also okay I'm saying here
for like five minutes because I just ate
and I'm Way too cool to walk around so I
don't know you're sold off now I'm gonna
say it off with my mother over here it's
actually really relaxing I want to be in
back at home now
imagine okay I'm kind of ditching my mom
I'm just skateboarding around the floor
here is so good for skateboarding okay I
feel like I'm gonna slip somehow yeah
this is an awesome
Wow look at this space are these
restaurants that looks amazing
pilots to pitstop break a wall
hey that's way too slippery look at that
y'all Majan having that in your guard
it's kind of late at night and we're
walking around I'm gonna use this lamp
over here as a bit of log light I wanted
to talk to you guys so I know you guys
are gonna keep questioning me more today
you went out with your family why didn't
you vlog them blah blah blah so I might
as well tell you guys the truth I've
kind of told you anyways and the
realistic truth is they just don't want
to be in the vlog I guess they don't
really understand the concept of
vlogging and you know not everyone
understands I know still loads of pupae
like I'm their first vlogger to watch
and not even that they're just not
comfortable in front of the camera so
I'm not the type of person to like shove
a camera in someone's face if they don't
want to be in it and that is the real
truth so if you guys don't see a lot of
people that we hang out with or like
sometimes I start the vlog late and I'm
like we're busy and type of stuff that
is probably the reason it's just they
don't want to be in the vlog or they
don't really understand the concept of
it and I'm not someone to like for
someone in my vlogs like unwillingly so
let's just make our way home I like
exercising at night so like relaxing and
there's no one in the street and yeah
hopefully that cleared up some stuff for
you guys I hope it did anyways okay
let's look around I don't want to get
run over by a car and yeah that's just
make our way home today it was actually
a really good day I enjoyed going out
oh my god y'all this is like the best
time to breaker
let's go back this car back
so my sister's sitting inside daddy so
she has no idea we're out here I'm gonna
try and freak her out let's see if this
works
all right all right guys I'm Selva
camera angle I can't you ready for this
nest on spooking about
oh she's Yoshi's actually I think she
might got freaked out by that cuz I went
and banged on that door Wow such a loser
she checked the CCTV Wow is it as I
can't do anything we've got cameras all
over okay some dirty tactics lads my
sister cheered guys who tried to pull
off a little scare prank where she used
the CCTV who you got spooked out there
don't I
I bet you were checking anyways guys I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog here
hopefully you did enjoy my feet really
hurt from the walk I did I don't know I
need to start walking more often I'm
just gonna get loads of leg cramps I'm
currently just on skype with my friends
and we're kind of trying to find myself
a gaming computer so hopefully that's
gonna happen soon I'm just like telling
them the options I have or the ones
that's shipped to Dubai and then they're
just going to tell me which one is the
best so yeah hopefully a gaming channel
will come soon when I say soon it's
basically when I'm right get the
computer shipped here so I don't know
how long that's gonna take
but for now I'll see you guys later ok I
think I got a bit of my kiss on you guys
let's wrap it off sorry
