did be careful mommy hello
explore explore my my invention takes
more of my life oh yeah he really likes
it so you know we're out here on my lion
that's how we do
got my little pet lion it's like a woman
called mine what's up here you go ya
know she's running she's literally got
run one my lion right this skin oh my
god what's happened oh my goodness
you could be careful mommy
hello
holy Sh I swam stressing out so much did
he scratch you did you fall oh my god my
mom is nail brush holy lips it's what
happened to bubbles got their finger cut
has automatic release in countries right
here Doki started running fast towards
you and then I came to help you and then
because she was like going so much she
just got her neck out here and he run Oh
my name is Sol dice where literally I
desert you say he ran ran ran you didn't
get the rest of the rest we're running
off the kit used to run away so you guys
didn't see that I think my mom just
pressed end through the camera on the
floor I was recording it wasn't
recording favorite play oh my gosh who
started running there I'm chasing key
okay let's try and look at that one
anyways guys if you enjoyed this video
smash the like button and share it with
your friends it was so stressful but it
turned out really funny and yeah I'll
see you guys in my normal vlogs if
you're a new person to this channel
press subscribe and yeah you can keep up
to date with our daily life peace
