good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so I actually woke up kind of late
today like by the time I woke up my mum
had gone to the supermarkets done all
this shopping and came back however in
the morning my sister is taking the car
to the Lamborghini service center I'm
not going I just woke up I need to have
breakfast and all but I know I'm sorry
guys you're gonna miss out one Lamba
vlog today because of me but yeah I'm
gonna go back inside after she leaves to
my breakfast because I'm so tired like
literally I don't know I what I woke up
at like 11:00 I still feel tired I
normally wake up at like 10:00 and I'm
fine but I slept an hour extra and it
still made me feel tired yeah I'm gonna
go back inside soon
no just head off oh yeah that's like a
speed bump for a Lamborghini yeah we
need to move that was this good the hose
we need to move the hose out the way in
do I mean
look out loud this is my clothes
like damn alright mum let's see what can
I have for breakfast go go pops yay yeah
I'm literally about to leave to go to
the gym but I want to show you okay
bubbles can you see bubbles look at him
can you see that leg he's been in here
for like 15 minutes I'm not even lying
he likes to come into my mum's wardrobe
and sleep he doesn't like it when we
disturb him look he just literally was
sleep there he will not come out you can
see I've opened the Wardrobe for him
even if you close the doors
he will not meow or anything he wants to
stay in there that is just ridiculous
what the hell literally this guy is
crazy like he could literally if we
didn't know he's in there you could
probably suffocate but no bubbles no
okay fine stay in there just vigorous
pace Audrey so story for him how does he
like this yeah bubbles okay when 11-day
is having fun there apparently okay time
to go to the gym
bye mum he's stuck at this matching
shoes on a bag nice oh boy we are back
at the gym starting off with the
treadmill again I'm actually meeting up
with
the huge guy you saw in one of my videos
ages ago but let's see if we can make
him do some weightlifting for you guys
and if you had any tips they get to his
toughest sighs I hate the gym now all
right so I melt with Waleed and he's
going to show you how to do is that
tricep so I'll back you right so the
other day of this machine I was kind of
confused I was doing but need to have a
good posture as you can see and yeah you
just
how's that yeah best bodybuilder and
divide the other to be honest he did
used to do all the competitions and
stuff so that is why he is so huge and
just body builder a she does that word
bodybuilder but I'm just gonna continue
doing my low weight I'm just going to
drop that down to five kilos and yeah
continues my workout this is called the
beast workout I have no idea what this
works but it looks like it does a lot
there's bad
so guys consistency when it comes to the
gym light everyday so do you want to get
as big as him keep coming and that is my
advice to you guys just keep coming and
eventually you'll become huge a lot of
you asked me in the comment section how
much it would be benchpress now when he
was 21 years old he used to do
competitions back there my weightlifting
competition he could do yeah like
benchpress competitions he could
benchpress a hundred and seventy eight
right one hundred and seventy eight
point five kilograms so there you go for
the people asking me question I'm 20 and
I can French press 50 kilograms so we're
close we're right close
we just need 125 more that's a wrap for
today Jim I'm just going to head out to
the steam room and go home
so we're heading out to gtex it is a
tech gadget technology gadget type of
thing that's going on you know the
better so let's see if we can find
anything really cool and pretty much a
site a couple days they are actually
setting up our garden look at that okay
so this is the entrance ticket think you
can scratch this to win something
let's see I didn't win so bad luck next
time
hi so we're inside of gtex an hour let's
see what they have basically this is
really busy but all the best offers are
happening so I think it'd be really good
if you're looking to get like a killer
to you
to be a factor
so thank you we're leaving the vet now
we did get something
not today so unfortunately after way
you can guess not what it is
I guess this way to exit but it's a
pretty nice place here like the vet just
finish we walked out and yeah nice view
when you come out there's even a little
water fountain show type of thing I know
the gtex was a white boy I'd be like it
was much busier than I expected but I
was like loads of stands with all the
newest releases I guess and everything
is like pretty much the best offers
you're going to find so we did pick up
something I didn't tell you guys on next
to the Ferrari store we're meeting up
with will lead the guy so at the gym
today I was with we're meeting up with
him and having some dinner
I should never realized they had a moose
at Texas Hold'em
let's go I swear I don't think anyone
come to this place as much as we do but
always here a library right after this
I'm normally I don't normally get this
plus today I'm just going to have wings
I don't think I'm going to eat more than
the star
Wow so I guess this is why they fill up
water peanuts guys I've never been to
the back oh wow we actually found a
store with loads of cooking stuff guys
we know that problem is cooking with mo
failed and we only made one video wait
wait this what is this what is this what
what's this me man me fix something
baking I don't know all right
this is actually a huge creepy what's
the name of the store it's a store in
the buy more there she has everything
only Lucas Monica dish look at it I know
yeah oh is that a purchase anything they
crush it Smarties it's only 39 Durham's
let's get it
where's this to go yeah wild I won't
crush Smarties yeah I guess so all right
they pick up my pack ice let me crushed
her food I think oh look that's what I
wanted that's exactly what I wanted
dude you're okay now I'm going this is
not as bottomless yeah it's okay I'll
put something under it I wanted that the
airfoil I just got that
oh yeah cooking with more is back and
running guys really a dumbbell alarm
clock oh yeah what time is it while I'm
lifting weights all right well we bought
off the gingerbread man this is the
store if you're wondering I think the
name is Ted to try to try but not too
short
no two tribe oh is that an S or a shape
two tribes the tribe and it sounded
something hey Lana why why why are you
trying to lose weight
oh wait have you seen the second ax is
it on so let me ask them okay mommy
open the door mommy mommy mommy today my
mom did he spent a whole day at home
working like that's how dedicated she is
to make the house look tidy so oh my god
thumbs up for my emo but you want me to
show you something mom alright what was
one second please boss I will show you
attention my mom hasn't seen this
because she knows her and me were really
excited to get this over one second okay
my mom hasn't seen this I'm gonna go
show her why God she'll be excited ready
I got the gingerbread man okay for
cooking with mo which has happened like
once every year and it was cheap it was
nine Durham's that's like one pound
fifty or two pounds pretty cool right
let's unbox it let their mom help me
open this take the tie and a hat and
everything this is so cool oh my god
okay so you guys know I didn't buy
something and I'm not gonna give it away
today I'm sorry I'm just not but what I
did get came with a free speaker so go
ahead and guess what it is in the
conversation and like be specific and
what you're guessing so for example
something I didn't get it's like let me
guess I didn't get a Samsung Galaxy Note
but if you were to guess that make sure
you get the color that everything so I
didn't get that but guess what I did get
and yeah winner gets I don't know a
shout out maybe we'll see
Oh my mom failed laser beams oh my god
it over flew cooking with Mo's mom feyo
we always forget about stuff and it
always overflows like milk specially but
it's okay anyways I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here I'm kind of excited
for the thing I go I'm going to show you
tomorrow
you're definitely probably going to know
by the title that just contradicted
itself definitely probably but yeah I'm
really excited
I might even open up now I'm not going I
can't I can't but you did enjoy today's
vote make sure to smash the like button
I'll see you guys tomorrow in the other
squad don't forget to guess in the
comment section what I go I made sure
what to post it on snapchat or Instagram
so nobody knows and yeah I'll see you
tomorrow definitely come back to see
what I got
young leo no good bye you're basically
my brother was trying it was playing my
sorrows and he keeps the babies you want
me to do it again I can endure her till
my brother's trying to get dick to
audience are these going in tourism
gonna go yet because them let's go again
I give you the first walking tap tip to
live my Jordans channel again
why does he enjoy this
he keeps watching horn okay fine let's
go game did I just read it like
a dog shake but just keep guys smoothly
because then he can walk
I'm so bad in why are you making a walk
sideways now he's going so he likes it
he likes it
Nagamani hi hi okay good job this is
