I'll be Allah we before this log starts
I have a quick disclaimer I was
convinced into believing Halloween was
today when the 30th when it's really
tomorrow so that's why the vlog is so
dumb
so enjoy my stupidity hopefully you
enjoy the vlog and yeah I was super
awkward
good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog woah look at my face I made a huge
mistake today
I completely forgot it was Halloween so
we have to quickly go buy some sweets
before the kitchen off at the door as I
was saying before I must completely got
like messed up with my face and they got
stuck yeah it's today apparently and I
thought it was tomorrow
and I was going to leave it last minute
to buy candy so it's currently like 6
o'clock
we're just quickly going to go buy some
candy in quiche to get you up because we
really forgot to do it until now I know
it's right though cuz it's still like 5
or 6 and I don't think they come until
like 8
hopefully anyways let's go do some
Halloween shopping shall we ok I can't
see anything under my lip so I have to
look down in case I fall fully retarded
right now
oh yeah let's see if you can drive with
this every single time I come out my
neighbors come out and I'm doing
something ridiculous oh this is so hot
I'm taking off oh let's try and see if
we can activate the light your mom we're
going for a drive by drive by Halloween
imagine if I did that we just drove to
every house and just collected candy to
see how much you can max out whoa ok
let's go it's been so long since like
I've been around on Halloween
I don't know what to get liar guys do
like these Smarties now used to love
them so I might grab one of these I'm
not sure I'm just gonna look around
I'm so confused about how much candy I
need to get especially because you've
never had Halloween in this area so so
we don't even know if it's gonna be
loads of people or not enough people so
I don't want to buy too many things but
I don't want to not have something
imagine so so far we've got one of these
KitKat minis then this and then two of
these ones so I think that should be
enough I might get one more just in case
but I just hope I don't get like left
with loads of can you can now make me
fat because that will ear wait what am i
doing okay there we go that should work
okay we got the candy let's go put it so
now the kids get candy yay I'm not even
sure if I'm going to stay home for too
long I wanted to go trick our way on the
driver I forgot I'm driving I was just
going to the passenger seat just cuz I'm
so used to it okay I think there's kids
already looking around at doors this
just takes the bags and go inside so you
can be a little trip compared again
notice I close that close that run right
we're not even prepared I'm not prepared
for this I saw kids walking so they
could be at the door any minute now
let's get some ready for them all right
I didn't expect them to start at 6:00 I
thought it normally starts at 8:00 but
apparently I make it rain okay no one
knocked at the door and I saw the kids
guys I'm just gonna go walk up to them
and give them candy I can barely see
anything let's go Taron like Tanner okay
cool
oh the key says get together yeah guys I
went and just gave some candy for the
kid and they didn't want to change it
like there is one kid away from me I was
like sorry I can't even see in this Moss
I couldn't even find a little bucket but
then you take you there like thanks so
successful that's our first candy other
things a good idea will be out the kids
with this Moss this is our fourth agate
out that try to do last-minute Halloween
decoration what the hell is this what
the hell is is is this like a pathetic
spiderweb this is the worst decoration
you can ever see can you can't even see
it just looks like a bunch of rubbish
think of this okay the only reason we're
putting this up is because I don't think
they come to your door unless they see
you've got Halloween decorations and
because we thought Halloween was
tomorrow we kind of messed up on that
part by did run over and give the kids
and drop Nakada I don't think you guys
so I looked at the fluid you look very
small sized still try and put it in but
I think if I just see kids I'm just
gonna like go out with my mask and just
keep handing out chocolate because I
don't think I want all this chocolate at
home I kind of bought it for no reason
but for now that is our Halloween
decoration we don't even cover the whole
bush it's just this side we have a
better idea guys I don't think anyone's
gonna knock on our door I haven't heard
any for like the past half an hour so
instead I'm gonna wear my mask I'm gonna
put a load of candy I'm just gonna open
these up and put them into one bag and
swegway around and whoever I find I'm
just going to give out candy I think
it'll be much better than sitting
waiting for nobody because we didn't
have any decorations and no one's going
to think we're even giving out candy so
they're just going to bike let's get
this house because they look like daying
about that Halloween life I favorite
I believe I can
I believe I can trust
I'm the holy ruler me fellas also I did
not mean to do that
all right let's just take all the candy
for lying everywhere and put it in there
I might take one of these with myself
it's called everywhere it's going
everywhere
I do need anymore coming this it's up to
you what gas they can have it up there's
no one there's no one in the street okay
we have to find people this is so hard
to swegway on these while you ran your
mouth
okay time to go find someone to give the
candy to guys I don't see anyone in the
street but we're gonna try our best to
find people oh let's go I hear screaming
down there let's see if I can find any
children I must look like a weird are
doing with some Halloween okay this is
turning out to be the biggest fail ever
no one wants free candy like there's
just no one on the streets here I think
everyone's gone out I was gonna go to
like an event or something cool but I
just found out too late so I guess this
is what we're gonna do for today just
try and go around and give up free candy
okay we failed guys we're just we're
heading back home and that's it we
couldn't find not even one person except
from the first kid we found and that one
I ran across to the street to find them
there's no one else no one else what's
candy I'm not sure is it not started
yeah it's like seven but I guess I
should turn off this and just I'm sad
I'm really sad
so you've learned something new today
don't go around in trying to give out
candy because there's nobody don't even
buy candy well that was a waste of time
I always do this where I always mess up
dates like I wanted to go to like a
handle mean event or something cool like
maybe like on a funfair one of them
scary mazes and then my mom's like
Halloween's today she said it this
evening I was like no it's not and then
I was like wait it is and that's why we
didn't do anything so I'm gonna see if
we can try and book anything last-minute
I doubt it but if not that was the worst
Halloween ever
you know bubbles crying with me but
Scott and Bob was just just sorry it's
all right it's all right yes bubbles we
failed at Halloween do you want some
Smarties nope you do want some Smarties
all right brother
bird just take some I offered you some
here you're not taking any this is
bubbles and Halloween and I open the
door by was no no he's just not lame
he's pushing you what why is he not
letting me open the door look he's
holding on he's I know okay guys I'm not
a quitter so we're gonna go back out to
see what's going on tonight we will get
ourselves into somewhere or we will find
some people to give the candy to we're
gonna go in less equipped though this
time and I just realized why I used to
love these Smarties when I was a kid
it's good let me turn the camera the
reason I love them so much is because
they have these like half and half
bodies and like you can shift it along
to see how it looks on each one and I
used to be so fascinated in these and
I'll collect every single piece that we
have a perfect match all right bubbles
we'll see you in like an hour okay we'll
make it half an hour is that good
buh-bye you're like some of these houses
have like the most amazing decorations I
look at this look at this
yo that's on there like wow they have
like the most awesome spiderwebs feel
like it's real like you look so cool
trick-or-treat give me something good to
eat
trick-or-treat ok well now we have about
2 kilograms of chocolate left in our
hands and we gave about 4 pieces out and
that was in the first 10 minutes that we
bought it so overall it was not the best
trip I'm gonna put this board in one bag
maybe and yeah this is me trying to get
a cool intro for you guys
I wrote high on the floor and bubbles
just won't have it look at him please
bubbles let me do my intro I wanted to
talk to you guys about something today
so when I first came here you guys know
I was taking a gap here I want to do and
load of things and one of the things was
t-shirts now I know a lot of you also
been asking about it mol wear the shirts
wondering how many shirts I want to buy
sure it's what blah blah blah
so I finally want to start trying to get
some designs I kind of want your help as
well I have a couple of designs if you
guys can help me out send me some
designs if you have any I'll try and see
if they look cool maybe like put two
together if you know I mean so send out
my business email it's in my About
section so you can go search for it
there and hopefully we can start doing
some t-shirt things in the near future I
know that's exciting right bubbles get
out what are you doing in there come on
buddy start to get out
good boy come out just step out there
you go come on
why are you complaining but what you're
anyways guys I'll see you tomorrow with
another vlog Halloween turned out such a
failure for me I thought it was going to
be tomorrow I'm really sorry i
disappoint you guys but you did enjoy
the video regardless we did try and
we'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
yeah leo no man bro why you mad bro I
neither made you sad you're my bad bro
you're my little PS blog extras just for
you guys that play League of Legends a
lot of you this won't relate to you
should just go off now I'm going to be
talking nerdy talk if you play League of
Legends my username has now been changed
to most based blogs but yeah you can
just add me and I'll be playing with
anyone whenever I have the time to so
yeah hopefully that's a good thing
