Oh freeze everybody clap your head lost
art pieces suck
I don't even know why you blogged though
I want to touch you totally our love no
now don't touch me bro he is making of
this is checking it twice
he's gonna find out who is gone
yo yo good morning everyone welcome back
to another vlog how are you doing so
today is a beautiful beautiful day here
in Los Angeles here's the thing before
we get onto today's vlog look at what we
just ran across guys there is a yellow
rose parked out here which looks insane
this car I she belongs to a very famous
designer which owns this store right
opposite it's kind of like a car that
just attracts your attention let me know
what do you think yellow rolls-royce yes
or no now look at that interior doe even
crazier apart from the car being yellow
he has made the parking meter yellow -
no bro yellow rolls-royce white
rolls-royce
whoa that was nice
yo alright so the first stop of the day
means I can have actually come to a
quick meeting we are at the CAA in case
you guys don't know it's the biggest
agency in the world for celebrities so
you already know your boy your point is
the celebrity out yeah bro stop clicks
baiting your fans bro it's enough well
I'll turn you back on there you go bro
guys look at this gun you talking to me
a few moments later oh my god is this a
Ferrari limousine what
that is awesome I don't think I've ever
seen a Ferrari limousine in my life this
is awesome listen tell me that does not
look amazing that is awesome
guys that's actually funny I told more
not to do it but he was jaywalking and
he has to deal with the cops oh okay a
few moments later so the police is super
super nice guys apparently you're not
supposed to cross the street like in the
middle of the road guys the other way
right now he just says subscribe I think
guys the holy moly my heart is pounding
right there he didn't find you right no
nothing nothing guys
I swear for a second I was like that's
it my name is Mohammed I'm in America
and police pulled me over I'm gone this
is exactly what I got pulled over for a
second ago bro this is exactly what I
got pulled over for and you're doing it
again you cross the red light there's no
light here oh I wish the right night
quickly said goodbye to my man sigan
because right now I'm actually heading
over to go see my boy Ahmed again we're
gonna have some more fun let's go and
see what he's up to
I so we made it to my boy fire kicks in
the building y'all doing another day
another flaw first thing before we do
anything
guys listen were Asian a brother's gotta
eat what the how brothers got it yo you
know what happened to you if I came here
police pulled me over for jaywalking no
way that ever happens
oh not again not again the police bro
bro what are you doing bro you're not
gonna do like this the cop you know GUI
like it's not a good you know American
please they don't message test type of
people ah stop it what are you calling
me bro colored us colored people can see
you good right now we just got here to
the place where eating at and look who
we have my boy kite rode up guys he did
Meadery we're not friends we are not
friends basically they got their friend
over here to pretend like you is about
to beat him up so I had to get physical
so and we roll your vlogs are pieces son
I don't even know why you blog though
like you know but you know who I am yeah
I don't care about yeah I want to touch
you too much I love hey no no don't
touch me bro what's out
yeah he did he stood his ground you know
I'm saying he defended us which is
pretty cool now I'm kind of scared when
he comes in to buy you my friend good
bro
I'm gonna get 10 guys to join also right
now we've actually come into an
abandoned theme park I don't think we're
allowed to be here
bro I sure what the hell is going on at
the park
bro this is crazy bro can we go to jail
for this in America maybe security
security hi guys we gonna kick down fun
while it lasted so right now the theme
park so we decided to go over to the
arcade near my boy Kaiser here the one
he want me to play again
the winner gets the other shoes loser
whoops back row again oh poor thing
ty gate 20 seconds this is a tie game
yeah you gotta make one more mo did get
one more
oh let's go at yet 22 a 1990 Wow you
lost my one shot back three rekt rematch
but let's make this thing a little
higher if I beat you I need a Lincoln
bio
41:39 two wins baby let's go Lincoln
pile
okay movi cape homeless in LA for Villa
niranda bites you homeless in LA thank
you guys guys in Los Angeles there's a
lot of weird people somebody's yelling
in front of us
I'll talk to you if you want me to in
Spanish hey guys I always told you I
keep it a hundred with you guys and I'm
making it official right now cuz right
now they have a hundred pins on it on it
guys your boy is getting an Instagram
100 pin bro I feel like people get it
tattooed on them so I'd rather get a pin
you smart you see instead of getting a
tattoo I get a pin getting the fire one
four five kids cuz you know we have such
a big bond that he's a young no no
that's not what I'm getting or more I'm
not yo yo yo they've got the dopest
socks I've ever seen this is a Michael
Jackson song - them they have -
no way and it has a bandana no I think I
need to get this bro this is the
craziest thing I've ever seen
have you ever seen a two-pack sock with
a pen pen on it I'm getting the two pack
socks from
you the dancer you I don't dance now I
made ok so right now he came into
another store and they have the most
adorable dog ever check this out
it has an Instagram right yeah what is
it cool this guy's a famous dog can I
touch him isn't gonna buy it oh so his
name is Rico I'm exposing my man fire
kicks out yeah bro what the hell are you
doing yeah why are you don't wearing
your shoes ok waiting for new shoes to
come no you don't have to take your
shoes off now guys they just went to
bring out his shoes and he's taking off
his Easy's already I don't like wearing
shoes in general I like hey who said mo
blows Khan street perform out here
darlin guys gotta chill right now gon go
we just made it to a restaurant down you
can go now oh I'm actually really happy
with my boy fire kicks I realized
there's somebody just as cheap as me in
this world
so for now I'm officially heading out
I'm saying goodbye to the boys bro peace
out peace out hopefully we'll see you
tomorrow cuz we got to do some shopping
but subscribe to more vlogs you already
know your boo just because you stood up
for me ah you've not changed a lot I
check it a lot of people don't do that
you stood up for me like you'll get away
this my boy and that Loki like this is
all like I felt it like I'm like yo
that's not that's a real friend cuz even
friends right now they when they see a
fight they'll back away yeah it'll be
like now like they don't wanna get
involved not like you were about that
I'm swinging I'm swinging oh boy so we
are back at the hotel right now listen I
know I'm whispering right now but it's
2:00 a.m. it's true prolly like it's
super super late anyways now that we're
back here guys first things first check
out what I go hey guys I ended up buying
the Tupac socks or 2pac Tupac whatever
you want to say guys it's too Punk down
this looks dope but we are back at the
hotel guys listen I just wanna say a big
thank you to everybody showing us love
here in Los Angeles tomorrow is actually
my last last day here so let's make it a
big day let's make it amazing be a boys
for now I'm gonna quickly go grab some
sleep I just wanna say I love you guys
all if you're new around here make sure
to subscribe if you're not new around
here just stay being awesome cuz I love
you guys for that pria guys I just wanna
say I love every single one of you
watching this I'll see you tomorrow for
another vlog and just stay awesome
Yolo Yolo
