good morning hey guys welcome to another
vlog so I just remembered I have this
toy from a couple of days ago which I
never used I'm sorry I'm ruining a sleep
I just woke her up with my intro so
let's go outside because it says it
needs Sun and there's no Sun inside so
let's go outside and see if it works I
remembered I bought this old do you see
that it's shaking avoid this thing in
its solar-powered and now that it's even
in the sun's you hear that
yo that's cool ok let's get out and see
if it really doesn't work okay I've got
it out and Toby is right there let's see
if you'll chase it yeah it's like
shaking around can you not make it go
straight okay maybe it needs to charge
up a little bit brah it's so crazy that
you can just do that with solar power
let's try and see Toby reacts to it come
on Toby
come on go for it go for it go on Toby
be interested
look it's jumping Toby this cat really
does not care look at him
so the other day I did tell you that
some family is coming around in like two
or three days not sure exactly when but
because of that today we're taking the
Lambo for a car wash oh wait let me sell
on the couches we finally have couches I
remembered I don't need to walk around
while I vlog damn okay yes at a kind
round so you might as well take the car
for a wash so when they do come do you
like we can take them for a spin in it
maybe if they want to and yeah it's just
ready to be prepared them and it just
looks like a mess so when they come here
they like aim your car's dirty man so
that's what we're going to do today I
like five or six o'clock which is in
like two three hours so yeah that means
we can use the Lambo again yo Alicia's
the reason to use it find the lead time
to get the car washed I feel like the
last time we actually went for a proper
wash was like over a month ago I'm not
too sure I feel so tired today like I
don't know why she was so sleepy but
let's go
seats are getting a bit dirty that's a
good thing they're gonna wash the inside
as well look at this Alcantara it's like
changing colors yeah I got my phone
yeah
let's go since I feel so tired today I'm
gonna pump some energy into me are
playing some of my old music so let's
get it connected and play some hype
music for once
Oh
oh gee my name is homegirl so yeah let's
give this car for a wash the last time
you boy here was it-- you guys should
know by the vlogs but i think it must be
at least a month ago erican look at that
car don't know what it is but they like
wrapped it up or put like a cover on it
looks pretty cool it's got these huge
tires on it
damn alright let's give this road wash
and we'll see you outside again I know
I'm so tired today like today when I was
coming out initially before I put my
tunes on I was so tired but then I
played a bit of music and got the hype
mode back on I ready to go what's that
I look at a baby car look at the it
looks the same size as that I let's go
we're at the car wash and there is an
insane car lineup I'm going to show you
so I think that's like a vintage Porsche
moving on the beautiful 9 180 but the
real bad boy is here Aston Martin this
is gorgeous I think this is another
limited edition one look how beautiful
it looks oh my god damn I'm not sure is
this like one of the limited additional
ones
it looks beautiful look at the side Wow
I think we can go sit again and just
stop admiring because we're never going
to get these guys they're so limited so
this is where they wash the car pretty
standard right looks nice and cool and
yeah we're about to just give it a
little scrub down because it looks a bit
dirty look at this like really cool
royalty they have here just take a
tissue from here
plop down on the CV it's a Ferrari I
think it's like one of them f-4es or
f50s it's like them vintage ones wait is
there Ferrari yeah I think so
for watching Top Gear I know just
because of how gorgeous it looks I'm not
seeing these in the street I look at the
Bend's and the curbs this car has just
gorgeous these are car goals
car goals we're gonna start self cargos
for now the rockin is more than enough
like we're grateful for it but damn now
and you can't see these cars just
there's another level it's really
another level like especially when you
see in person that car is beautiful guys
I just realized this car is actually
worth 28 million dirhams
it's a cue from the cue series I'm not
yeah it looks like wow that's like seven
eight million dollars almost that's just
amazing
damn eight but I don't know do the math
twenty eight million dirhams in two
dollars like twenty eight divided by
three point six so that's around seven
is that seven ish seven million dollars
under the title of the video probably
says it but that's ridiculous like it
was a beautiful car I could tell was on
some special ones just because of the
shape it was but apparently there's only
seven of them Aston Martin's in the
world which is just incredible in seven
hours 77 because there's 77 versions of
it and then that was the cue version
which has only seven versions of I'm not
talking too much but I just got so
excited seeing that car Wow
that was made okay let me go get their
keys for the Range Rover so you can sort
from Lambeau to the car and we can all
go out I saw my mom looking through the
window waiting for us as you can I spire
here I see the two cats over there so my
mom must be coming towards the door no
okay I was wrong I should know she was
there I don't know why I did fight it's
like they're wrestling that bubs just
wants to cut oh oh oh okay he's got him
in the samurai lock down oh oh oh
my sister was just about to leave and
surprisingly her door when it closed now
I don't know what happened we kind of
fixed it where the lot goes in I think
something was stuck my mom I pushed in
and fixed it we were so stressed out to
the magic your door doesn't close
I don't know it's just really lucky okay
we'll see ya he's let's go do some how
to weed shop it that was so weird like I
don't know how that happened it just
would not close and I know you guys like
unlock it we tried unlocking locking
turning the car turning on wouldn't do
it until my mum like pick something
where the lot happened
all right let's go so we're actually
need my mom wants to get some eye makeup
women's stuff but I know why this more
wassup I'm guessing someone famous must
have been here in Egypt goes says Bobby
Brown who's Bobby Brown I don't even
know
that's a Lucifer whew so I used to
really like to buy loads but now I just
don't buy anything like I've got the red
Ralph on the new Ralph one I got four
spots of my favorite absolutely favorite
but yeah just given up on smelling good
I'm wearing my boss one today as I sew
actually now I'm wearing the Ralph on
sorry my bad I just realized I really
wanted to buy Domino's so let's go see
if I can find it that toy store didn't
have any let's just go check the net
well which is like by around corner yo
this toy store has an upstairs to it
let's go upstairs and see what they have
I've never been here before I think this
is like the biggest toy store ever
pretty cool alright let's try and find
my Domino's I really want some y'all
they got some funky skateboards we're
out luck again this place doesn't even
have it but they have some awesome toys
I feel like a kid again when I come into
these shops like everything is just so
cool like wait for this look at this
huge hole boom boom and just in
comparison to show you how big this is
it's quite huge it's quite huge
five boom let's just pull Sonic I'm
gonna leave that before I just mess up
something let's go find my mom I don't
even know where she is now y'all look at
this made of power be within you I don't
think it's known anyway don't rush don't
rush don't rush it it's behind red rocks
okay I'll try it let me see
I'm gonna it's just glued it must be no
it's not even glued I swear it's not
glued I'm guessing this is why they put
this around it just in case on touches
it your selfie card brah okay let's go
anyways let's continue today let's try
and find some Domino's if we can't find
that we're just going to buy some
Halloween things and just go because
it's getting kind of late rising up it's
11 o'clock I don't know if you guys can
see but it's not the earliest pit stop
we're taking a small little break to
hang on to that for coffee just loves
coffee but is it just me or does it hurt
you guys I'm asking the guys when you
have your wallets in the back pocket
because it hurts my you know backside a
little bit when I saw now does it just
mean Emily's out weird thing should I
not be sharing this
okay I just made this really awkward
right next to the snow block though we
are here like two days ago which is
pretty awesome I had a blast the video
turned out amazing if you haven't seen
that video it's one of my best blogs
till now so make sure to watch I'll
leave a link in the description they
will just off the roof so yeah go watch
it you have a link at the top of my
description these are some couple seats
y'all okay let's move oh I just crushed
our take away okay my bad don't think my
lungs you need that anymore so I know
there's a lot of fans on here so
so you know green tea is only green tea
when it's green progress that guys like
having really funny when I said that you
could never do that to me until now
I've always just been feeding me
non-stop
maybe me what to see
I used to have the six back and now I
felt like a 3-pack flopping overage okay
sorry
so apparently nowhere has dominoes I'm
just going to go buy some Halloween
things today it's much emptier in this
section so let's look around
alright I think this is what I'm going
to go for guys look at that hello also I
that's going in you're leaving the mall
at 12 o clock like everyone else is
leaving at the same time let's go
and we never managed to get a pumpkin
either apparently they were all sold out
today was not a lucky day for me yo guys
I just want to do wait I bet you don't
even know half of what's going on
you ready you're ahaha all right 24 like
and go Scott I want to go
trick-or-treating we're gonna dress up
oh yeah where you going to dress up as
we're gonna buy you something guys I
want to go trick-or-treating
I reckon what what are you gonna dress
up as alright will you come with me
trick-or-treating where you come hey hey
boys you can be like why is he so scared
it's me bonus me yeah it's me three
there you go there you go there you go
that's the mosque here there you go
knowledge the Sonia will ask anyways I
really want to go trick-or-treating
tomorrow just depends on my sister can
find anything but it is not like weird
for grown adults to go trick-or-treating
to do this if you go make more sense so
don't think you're like a no child if
you go make more sense of thing you're
like a little kid habla just my little
sister you know I could take care of her
yeah like yeah she's like 14 I know I
know she did look if you dress up as
that yeah they'll definitely like yeah
she's definitely like 12 years old who
cares but yeah like the video if you
guys reckon we should go
trick-or-treating and I will try to do
that's right you just give it out you
just give it out some ready okay we'll
come back and then give it tell me this
best idea I do we just like going like
forth often you like young Trick or
Treat trick or treat we need candy to
eat about that we're in losses anyways
we'll see you guys in for long if you
did enjoyed today's smash the like
button beyond the yellow good boy
