good morning guys sorry for the hair
mess they've just brought the couches
and yet let's go get them back in this
home I think the outside alright thanks
a lot Joe guys the couch has got here
and Dame they are nice
I actually really nicely wrapped so this
is like a I've seen car wraps before
I've never seen a cow trap huh so these
are like removable covers not really
wraps but they look sweet and now we
don't have any more problems with the
cats running around because even if they
scratch this it's I don't know what's
the material called on this site yeah
it's like a velvety so like you can't
put your nails through no so that is
really good for the cat they stuck the
Volkers under it yeah kitty is excited
with the couches being back look at her
oh she's so excited oh yeah I feel like
she's gonna mess this up making a happy
she's--oh table is like moving around
I generally buying the couch she's
actually buying it she's so dumb yeah I
know okay so it's that time we're
finally going to pick up the Range Rover
I know it's only been gone for two days
but this is in the worst two days of my
life it's just been so bad not the car
because I know we have the Lamborghini
we can't still God with that but we
can't take my mom or that I can't go one
of us has to just get dropped out every
time which is a bummer but I came what
what are you guys doing man they're
fighting over food key has her food in
the kitchen and she always comes to
steal bowels dude I love the fact that
bubbles isn't really budging this time
because normally he would just leave
beer let's go get the car
I'm excited and yeah see you there
I can be ready to go taxis outside okay
you ready to go taxis waiting all right
just waiting at the Range Rover service
center my sister's about to pick up the
car obviously it came in for service and
it little cool like Range Rover things
he looks exactly like ours I think okay
no these are all the bugs but it's
pretty similar enough so I'm gonna go
and see actually no that is the sport
that is all on I think maybe it looks
like our own but a blue version I'm just
going to go see if it's wrapped up and
then we'll be good to go we but the baby
back so I got that we've got the car
back
let's just go it so loud in here I
didn't expect it is that I think is
they're washing cars
and pours like this squeaky thing so the
cars are turning is reading out
car back go places again and yes before
convenient cuz they won't have to take a
taxi around it feels like it's been so
long without this car you know I don't
know where you wanna go I wanna go to
the beach this is how girls part it's
like five minutes and there were still
not parked up please I can Emma check
gotcha
umm seems good let's go
how do I get this out others on those oh
look at that dusty but if I can you
that's look I never knew you had one of
these down again yeah yeah boys oh
yeah not oh my god I smell fire there's
vomit I don't know you said we should
come here hashtag wrecked
since it's like Halloween tomorrow or
after tomorrow - sure what's the date
today it's like that I like tomorrow or
something
thus it's like Halloween in like one or
two days we're going to go see if
there's anything cool we can like buy
and decorate the lamp or the house
anything before we go we're just going
to quickly go eat because we're starving
like what time it is like seven o'clock
and we have an es a quick stop to eat
and then we should be shopping soon
hopefully
so they hooked us up with some three
dope seats in the corner best place for
vlogging because I get embarrassing
under the middle so yeah we got some
nice seats I don't think I've ever
showed you the inside of this restaurant
hey my voices started to crack up I
don't know why but it looks pretty cool
the lighting is awesome as you can see
look at the roof they put all these like
I don't know yoga squat for life
I actually met want to be acid as well
shout to you Protoss like your name I
always forget I'm the worst when it
comes to like asking people to people
I'm just so shy I'm embarrassed look at
that cool Samaritan thing there
Samaritan what you go down what's a
Samaritan
okay I just said it wrong but look at
that samurai looks pretty cool
I think someone's thrown this sword from
him because he's holding nothing
look at that cool app more than an ugly
person and then a cool app and then are
you okay that is my mom and sisters dish
I'm ways this why do you always have
noodles man you don't know why is it
what was it food are the dynamite strips
came thank you
you wanna take it you know so I'm just
video for a blog thank you it's funny
cuz no one ever knows I'm big like
because you want to picture wise you
know to your camera it's not that Islam
hunting I'm just getting a storm my dear
order because I said I'm not really
hungry that much and my mother's just
meal is huge anyway so even if I was
like I just grabbed something out there
so yeah that's eat and we'll see you
soon such an amateur with them Chelsea
I use our to see use the chopsticks me
Oh
she always got it she always got it
close enough I'm at your top state user
Wow
you're so bad at this
oh okay I'm gonna do it for my food box
a king you know what guys he was
cheating he's practicing chops it before
the video is even started so no you're
cheating watch this
no you practice a couple of wrong if
we're doing
you know try eating noodles with that
and write all right
yeah even I can do that oh my god he
dropped it he drops it yeah I win
he fell dominoes rolled up I have this
one this one
I think the challenge is if you could do
it with noodles like I did so
how do they do this device
okay yo look at these
that's actually not even that expensive
I thought it'd be more 1.7 K let's do so
right
it's a tiny office attached this big
huge
kind of weed it's so busy in this
section can everyone like buying stuff
for Halloween get out that's my sister's
like she wore this when she was like
really young yo nice you're not it's not
good the Halloween section was so busy
shopping we're going to come back
tomorrow which is I lost in it I know
but what can do was really busy and you
don't want like screens around I want to
have like time to look around currently
looking at some carpets I know because
we don't have a car Pat hold on we
definitely get it and actually go in
between these whoa let's go think of
this we should get one not when there's
no one around you just tested yourself
is it doing it oh yeah close enough my
let me do it every day maybe oh okay
it's blinding my eye man huh boys this
no if I open it open it's a suitcase I
think this is a Moroccan suitcase plate
now that I can I open from the ground
there you go your this is really bigger
than your boot on the car that's a rock
and I'm going to destroy you okay let's
go home and peace alright from back in
this car boys let's go we have any
another day though it takes these codes
we're up here oh look a little love love
penguins I was gonna say because
yesterday yeah cuz obviously birds they
can't get Raptors fly look at them
looking at the top the so love that they
stayed with each other
Oh anyways let's go home okay Colin
drive I love the fact that this has a
rear camera cuz then I can tell when
people are going yes I know
wait do I did you use okay oh good
enough let's just change that one you
know
Oh
 of that is this also can I hear it
there got some pretty cool moss there I
can't lie so can see for these they've
even got loads more they got like this
cool one over here you know find the
couch outside is so big and then key
tries to be a must beat him Luke she's
so tiny convertor she still has no no no
no no don't don't don't you yeah I'm I'm
saying I'm saying
Oh Katie yeah look at you look at kitty
look at her she's trying to beat him up
you're tiny compared to him
Tosh's I know don't give him food huh
he's on the other side he's on the other
side look she's gonna try beat him up no
kitty he's a good cat married okay since
we're home I wanted to talk to you guys
I know because I never really seemed to
do it maybe I don't know what it is I
just haven't really been talking to you
guys I've just been doing things so
first of all I want to say thank you to
everyone for all your support now I know
a lot of youtubers have done this in the
past and I always watch them saying oh
this is so annoying but at one stage you
really do need to let the viewers know
or like the family the team know that
you really do appreciate their support
so all of you watching the video is
liking it sharing it you don't know how
important it is for me to grow like all
of you doing it you are the reason we're
here you are the reason why moving logs
is such a big thing now and we just
recently hit 10 million views again all
thanks to you guys if it wasn't for you
guys sharing the video it only takes one
person to tell his friend and then the
friend tells another person and that's
really how it goes so I appreciate the
yo-yo scored and yeah my mom is like
coming down like silent she doesn't want
to ruin the video my mom is also the
best part about my youtube channel she
always helps me make my videos so thumbs
up for her she's up there with you guys
like you guys are on the same level of
my mom like she's so help you
understand okay let's continue with the
day I think that just got too emotional
between us right
this this is what's so annoying about
these cats they sleep under the bed look
at her she's so stubborn come out they
won't come out anyways I'm gonna wrap
the vlog up here in the most Awkward
place oh um so my mom wants me to get
these cats out her room because they're
annoying her so I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog hope you enjoyed this so
the worst place to do it
outro and ya ya Leona can you come out
please please
