good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so I'm starting this vlog a bit
different we're going to go to the gym
in the morning so yeah let's go have
some fun lips um wait
I probably can't even lift a two
kilogram I know I'm drinking already -
but you know I mean I'm weak as hell
right now so I need to go get some
energy back in my system and yeah let's
go this actually the earliest I think
I've ever been up something so yeah okay
so before I went to a gym I'll come to
try on some gym shoes I got these the
other day bunny to exchange them because
they weren't my size I'm actually
getting my first pair of Jordans ever
they're the Jordan super flies filled
bracket and very nice so that's why I'm
getting but I'm definitely playing
basketball today
and there's Jim
all right guys I'm gonna start out with
the treadmill today so let's go haven't
been to the gym in a long time I think
the best thing for me would be to just
start off with some running having
reward the proper shoes I was supposed
to get gym shoes but then I saw the
Jordans instead I'm working out my
normal trainers which isn't too bad so
yeah I'm gonna knock up the speed it's
gonna start running and stop you guys
it's just going to get a bit shaky
you
okay so I just finished my one kilometer
warm-up run I'm going to go do some
weights but I came upstairs to show you
the boxing ring number one but mainly
the Fitness first I'm going to right now
is next to this formula track can you
see that view that's pretty cool right
so imagine if there's a racing event you
can actually come to the gym and watch
it but yeah I'm going to go back
downstairs where everything else is and
be my workout wow that one killer can
workout like the warm-up felt more than
a warm-up to me because I haven't done
exercise in a while I'm currently
balancing my camera on the ropes of the
Ring you know I mean like literally
the balance is over but you know that's
why I do
the haters University that is terrible
I haven't done boxing or gym workout in
forever as I said so I'm not going to be
boxing I'm gonna go do weightlifting cuz
that's why I came in to do but now just
really a fun they've actually got loads
of boxing backs you know
so if you feel to come and knock someone
out or you anger out something come to
the gym to the boxing section right
let's go downstairs and go do some
workouts with the late
first day is definitely the worst at the
gym like I can barely do baby weights
right now how about your like 20 kg
aside I'm really only the machine that
should be really easy especially for me
but I know I definitely need to come up
you're really ashamed of myself right
now but you know it is what it is and I
just have to keep trying
oh to be honest though I have noticed
that seem a bit fresher today I think
the workout is making me bring back my
true colors in my faces
Noorie let's just go flick this up and
then oh whoops I kind of spilled it all
right so I'm taking a small little break
from the exercise I came to this area
take a disc we really have we had like a
dead lifting area and it's got like this
this wooden thing to it I'm not sure I
think it's probably because these
weights are strong and heavy and people
drop them but my favorite part is this
section look at this it's like an
acrobat exception now you know the faces
are people do these things but I don't
think I can even lift myself the teeth
alright let's actually try this try I'm
going to put you guys here let's see if
I can actually balance my way on them
I don't know how I actually got myself a
friction burn on my hand can you see
that that whole area is red from that
Brown thing I tried it a couple more
times and my hand is kind of slipping
and it gave me a little burn you can see
that it's so red oh wow so big you had
to do something right before I left it's
ready you ready yeah what's up here is
home time time to go yeah let's go
alright so I'm leaving now got myself
and the orange juice for the healthiness
is that word I'm not too sure let's go
home take your shower and then continue
with the rest of the day let me unbox my
Jordans for you guys so woo this is my
first pair of Jordans oh my god fresh
out the box and Wow now I feel like an
official sneaker head I'm joking don't
even take my quote for that but there
you go
these are the Jordans super flies looks
super cool that's what I think anyways
and yeah I'm proud to say this is my
first pair because I really like if you
guys know me I'm really simple my shoes
like look at this looks very identical
right to the type of shoes I wear yeah
I'm a really simple person okay bubbles
I swear if you were my Jordans I will
kill you because you know Jordans cheese
on my feet well yeah there you go I
really like the red at the bottom as
well super nice shoes gonna be wearing
them out and about so yeah my favorite
part is the box oh yeah Jordan logo okay
this is the first time I'm actually
gonna wear both the shoes on so let's
get these bad boys out again oh all
black super flies ah there you go
that's them next to each other they look
kind of big but who cares let's just
pull that out pull that out and let's
wear these
so we're coming to a different place
today it's a hotel and we're going to
the restaurant which I believe is on the
top floor somewhere so let's go and see
what this place is in the elevator on
our way up the restaurant is called
Chris with a view it's on the 19th floor
look at that and we're currently in the
14th oh is that the restaurant oh okay
they've got a little mini ad thing go
you can't really see that nicely but
having fun got you let's go don't do why
is it so that's a pretty nice entrance
Wow look at the view guys
pretty nice place looking forward to
eating here and vada this is the buffet
area I'm guessing I want to show you the
amazing view from down here look at this
not from down here from up here Wow look
at that
I'm summation right so go stand so they
can see that's awesome yeah on top of
the world what word is that
I can see porch relief all the way out
of that yeah there you go that's good
alright so we're gonna go see what the
buffet has first afford two kinds of
soup one will become super pal Malaysia
which is soup I am basically a chicken -
chicken soup and weldable system Indian
cuisine and mix-a-lot I saw that mix
Allen will be already here ah well the
hydroponics is Malaysia India Malaysia
Malaysia India this mix of all okay
apart from that and this is the desert
so I'm guessing Wow
who is this it's called Blanca
okay okay the malaysian speciality Gonda
is already a malaysian foods right here
well paradise and me going okay okay so
pretty much the restaurant is called
chris and view it's on the top floor of
this hotel i'm not exactly sure what el
but look at the view that is insane it's
amazing it's really beautiful to finish
I really like like high roof top places
were here and then let's say is it Larry
but I think you can see it yeah you can
see it not like yeah it's amazing
then we have my mom sitting up to us you
know obviously and I think I'm gonna go
with the chick tandoori chicken it's an
Indian did dish not desert and yeah see
you sure you want to get chickens
absolute in the buffet and it look
really delicious okay so I did go for
the Buffy my mom is just pouring me the
rice thank you a bit more okay thank you
she came to help me so I could video it
for you guys so thumbs up if you like my
mom always helps me video stuff I think
this is the chicken know where where is
it
our chicken tikka there you go it's over
here oh it looks nice pretty much what I
have everywhere just chicken I really
like the design of the Bates is a lot
more is enough you have a leg yeah there
you go
no that's it I came to the mound area
people are performing when he looks
really nice
Wow especially by well that is the
lounge you can see people performing
them this is actually so much lighter
this camera
Hey
all right guys I'm cheating I'm cheating
I'm taking the big chunk of chocolate
off the cake oh yeah big it is I
literally just took away all of the
decoration nice so my sister is getting
a dessert now she's starting with fruit
really the rest I didn't have fruit no I
wanted freezer but you know I'm having
guys I'm having ice cream I never knew
you had ice cream I also know like yeah
we can get you anything I was like I
want one vanilla one chocolate try by
the way oh my god this is raw very you
know why it doesn't have any decorations
I took it that's all I think I took the
whole decoration this is what I've been
wanting to turn
is it a cheesecake it's a strawberry
nobody's like a strawberry cheesecake
purchasing I feel like my channel is
becoming like a restaurant review
channel yeah my screen got here have oh
my god it's got like I think they just
fixing it for me yeah go for it look at
that
thank you that's amazes me alright so
its own time and yet we're about to head
off I had a really nice dinner dinner is
it dinner yeah when he at night
the view is super nice
I think much this is definitely going to
take a couple flows here have you seen
the lounge area
garlic at lounger less people like
pretty cool right can you go to explore
it got it got it pretty nice right
really nice
all right let's go
well today was a good night but we've
come to take a quick little shopping
break we don't have no concordant Lakes
in the morning oh no we've come to G
aqua chiz like pretty much like Tesco
stop it being here just on a smaller
scale I guess wow so bright so we're
getting a bit of fresh oranges and look
at the clue system it handles like the
oranges go down there and stuff like
that then you fit out at the bottom
which is pretty dope anyways guys we're
gonna wrap up today's vlog here with my
mommy we just got back from the
restaurant it was super nice and yeah
way too much I really need to stop doing
that because I don't feel good when I
eat too much especially today mm-hmm you
know I'm not too sure why I should
interfere in so much but if you did
enjoy this Oh mom's playing with a cat
smash the like button lately I've been
feeling really weird I don't even know
what it is I need to exercise more and
yeah maybe that'd make me feel better
but if you did enjoy today's vlog and
you did enjoy I showing you the
restaurant Oh what the hell she's
nipping just crazy she ran for that
jumped in my face but yeah as I said if
you did enjoyed today's log make sure to
smash like button I'll see you guys
tomorrow hopefully you'll be back for
tomorrow's vlog maybe who knows but yeah
peace out of your squad yeah leo No
