good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog we're having the early start today
heading off to the gym alone because my
mom and sister are going fix their nails
I put my bag here and let's go okay so
my mom and sisters Nell spars over there
as you can see and my gym is like this
huge building so all I need to do is
walk across yeah I think is here and go
and do it quickly it'll work at all
quick workout I'm gonna try and do a
proper one for once time to go to the
gym floor - I think that's where is
anyways alright so I have been working
out for like the past 20 minutes and
there's a reason I haven't been vlogging
so normally when I come to the gym and I
feel like you guys always know my
workout is pathetic and the reason is I
just try and focus on blogging rather
than working out so instead of that
today I'm just gonna work out off-camera
I hope you guys understand and then we
just continue the regular upbeat blog
after that so that way I could workout
in and we'll just stay positive
throughout the whole day but damn I'm
tired okay gonna keep going and then
I'll see you guys off my workouts please
alright let me catch my breath let me
catch my breath I've done with my
workout for today I think there was a
decent workout it wasn't that bad but
I'm just gonna stretch out for once I
never stretched myself and I always end
up injuring on my shoulder for my knee
or something weird I think today I'll
stretch out now that finish my exercises
I never do it and something you should
do even before your exercise so yeah I'm
done for today put this back where I
found it
PS I forgot my phone at home that's why
I have my mom's today so yeah I can
barely keep my eyes off but it's so
sunny when you come out
I got myself a small little orange juice
just for the extra happiness for today
I love the oranges here because they
like blend it with ice and it's super
cold
let's go me out my mom's sister which I
like to cross the road right there
cheeky Nando's had forced my mum Tabak I
don't know why my own sister don't like
that but they don't like chicken in
general and I was like no no no no you
have to have chicken it's all about the
protein for the gym
I'm joking she kind of like to write he
like Nando's right so I'm gonna they
actually don't like it I'm just being me
but my sister I think she went to
another restaurant they have in this
hotel to try and see what they have I'm
not sure if he was going back to join us
or if you're just gonna eat there so
we're just gonna have to wait and see
this loser right this loser decided to
join us Fernando's oh my god she went to
the restaurant shoes that I don't want
to be alone
if the my meal compared to my mom's
right it's fine I got spicy I've got my
fries I got a garlic bread and look at
my mom she's only got this little leg oh
my god
since when does Nando's I've new
delicious cakes why is it new
this here boy the chocolate like fudge
cake Wow okay what's right a few guys
already
not if I kill ya at this height when you
started
Lanna is such a wuss
she doesn't even cross the road the
unknown is a car coming
Oh No Wow Wow all that power in one hand
you made the car stop all that power for
being this guy back out oh wow
isn't she dirty so it turns out that the
plate number is hanging not there my
sister was talking about it I thought it
wasn't but apparently it might be okay
yeah oh don't put it on me so we're just
quickly giving a little watered down to
take it to the repair place or I don't
know what it's called the service center
and see if it does have a little I don't
know wow that is disgusting you're the
best washer I'll trying I'm trying
trying I'm trying
yeah it's stuck on your tire
to break it
more all right there you go
time to go sort this problem out I feel
like every time we take this car out
it's a sort something out we're having a
bit of bad luck at the moment I feel
okay turn on the car let's go
Oh shopping back in
I don't know what is wrong with our
plate number I think it's just ours it's
just weird
wait I think it's the bride can't IQ so
you couldn't push it off yeah maybe the
Brack is weird
I think they might need to adjust the
bracket to the shape of the car okay so
this is not going to be our last time in
service center we have service from the
car in about a month
is it a yearly service for the cargo
like a roughly since oh my god oh my you
guys you guys have been asking about the
rap and now just we need to throw out a
couple things first it might take one to
two weeks were like really busy at the
moment and then that is probably when
it's going to happen so bear with us I
don't it's like been a big teaser from
like a month ago but it will happen I'm
really sorry for the delay but it's just
you need to sort out some things I'm
busy
vlogging so you haven't I've been busy
vlogging I couldn't plan anything but of
course I fingers Charlotte could happen
soon
we're taking it back to the UK to ten
seconds manulis snatcher
we made it
every time I come here I just feel so
bad when I see stuff like this scar I
love the Aventador is such a beautiful
card definitely has to be our next one
after the hurricane I just saw beautiful
look at that just like nobody can tell
me that this car is not a beautiful car
I mean Wow even the interior is so nice
but let's just get this problem so I
think of that the boot looks so funny
when it's open here I'll bring this down
but I just drop it I should not need to
push it there you go so we're back at it
again this is the plate number we just
took it off and now I think they're just
gonna find another backyard I think
they're bending our bracket to make it
fit properly and then we should have
this back up in no time and ready to
leave
you know a firm like this
they were
was it finished
all right that's a fix this is what I
mean guys next car has to be this I just
love it does it suit me this car suit me
it does
aquarium
they're good to go
we'll more receive anything today find
out what my sister learns how to use the
key
it was so bad at this I swear is it
are you show me isn't it correct key I
don't know did you not check it yes this
key but it's not working
yeah oh there we go oh it's empty I knew
it okay let's go okay so we were
unsuccessful but I knew were gonna
because we came here like two days ago
but it's time to go home I think
everyone was shocked yeah now you parked
it perfect now I've got the keys show
how do you unlock this scar I just
pressed one of them and I press the
right one no no I press the wrong one I
press the wrong one there we go
now we can go home at least we had like
a little road trip with you guys you
guys love seeing the car especially when
we rev it a little which we've tried to
do in the driving but you know you hit
the speed limit too quick so that's a
problem
now watch our challenger
your job
guys this is why I love a Lamborghini
back it up back it up back it up
standing behind this car you feel so hot
okay I just finished wrapping up a video
which I'm going to put out before this
vlog so make sure to check it out
what's up bubbles but we went outside
and we cooked an egg on the Lamborghini
it's not fully cooked so I'm gonna try
and cook it up now properly because I
don't want to waste it just for a video
so yes I'm gonna eat it I just need to
properly cook it because Lamborghini
wasn't hot enough to like cook cook it
just made it nice enough to say it's
cooked if you know I mean but yeah I
can't believe it work that was so
amazing and make sure to check out the
video if you have it I'll leave a link
to it in the bio I'm gonna go for a
short little walk with my mum as you can
see I'm not wearing a shirt my shirt is
under bubbles and he's just not getting
up please pose come on please please
Larry ah I'm sorry I'm sorry I needed my
shirt I'm so sorry rose
oh I woke you vol I'm so sorry I needed
my shirt hello I'll see you in a couple
minutes bubbles we'll be back by our
cheer all right I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog here guys hopefully you did
enjoy what you got to see I wanna clear
some stuff up Israel I know a lot of
things have been taking a long time to
get sorted out and I'm really sorry we
just been taking bumps and bruises on
the way there
but everything is going to get sore it
up for example I know my car where is my
car who knows but just give me a week or
two and everything should be cleared up
hopefully and yeah we'll just go from
there to start fresh I know everyone
like where's the rap where's the car
where's everything
next week a load of our family are
visiting we're going to get wrapped up
with that because we have to go and
visit them as well and yeah anyways I
hope you enjoyed today's look I'm
rambling on too much if you did smash
like button yo yo
goodbye
