good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I'm actually finally home alone
my mom and sister left to go do their
nails you know women's stuff but I'm
going to start today's blog by making my
little popsicle stick things which I
bought yesterday so yeah let's get
started okay I need some Tang so this is
tying pretty much you just put that in
water mix it up and you have your orange
yeah drink type of thing let me get a
glass to do this and first so the way
I'm going to do this I'm going to make
some Tang in this and then I'm just
going to pour it in there and let it
freeze alright not bad cooking with more
angles so because I'm a pearl I put a
smoking here so I can hold it from there
and you know Bon Appetit you just start
pouring I like quite a bit hotter not
sure about you guys let's go get some
more guys and that should be good it
looks so much more orange if you see in
real life that way you see on the camera
I don't know why I'm very careful now
okay not as careful as that look okay
I'm a lot there we have it guys okay and
okay let's put these in the freezer now
I swear the freezer is so packed out I
can actually know that space at the top
please bit oh yeah
alright well that's great now I have a
snack for later on and like my own
little ice lollies and you know sit and
keep editing so boring so I've actually
got this little cabinet thing which are
supposed to fix like two months ago and
I never got
I think it shouldn't be in my room
somewhere oh okay
keys awake and bubbles are still
sleeping in my room nice
what's up Mo's vlog loves you but yeah
there is the box you can see it hasn't
been opened at all so I need to do that
today my wait for my mom to come and
help me or we can do it now not sure
nods wait so a lot of you probably know
that I'm not sure like I know people
saying cold cats by like the back of
their neck I don't actually ever do it
cuz I'm scared or hurt them let's try
this try it they like buy it I don't
think it's in his interest for me to
bite his neck and hold him yo yo calm
down man just just leave the camera
alone a lot of you wish you say I don't
see bubbles more as if you don't see
this guy too much poop I'm sorry I'm
sorry also there was a guy walking
around our garden and Kitty and Bubba
were like looking at him that's why
they're actually sitting here like you
kept on walking and I think he was
dropping off some boxes for the
sprinklers they're installing them
tomorrow and these guys were like oh my
god who is this in our garden oh yeah I
might go outside and see what he dropped
off let's go outside and I can show you
the boxes so be right back the weather
is so nice today okay so first thing is
loads of tubes you can see there there's
Toby our friend and let's go because I
saw there were some boxes in the garden
as well let's see what it is okay so
that's some of them I'm not sure if
there was anything round back
I see where Bob was in kit ER and you
see them keys dad there and bubbles is
over there okay so for round the back we
have okay nothing I don't think he
dropped off anything around the back I
don't know actually yeah there we go he
dropped off a toolkit so that's why
they're coming tomorrow just set it out
I'm guessing that's where something's
gonna start some a little bow
 buh-buh-buh-buh-buh finally that
time guys we're going to take this
downstairs and fix it up we're not doing
it in my room because I don't think the
lighting is good and you want to see
much yeah this thing is heavy
alright let's go okay all right let's
get started
oh oh the disaster they ruined your
jelly beans all right guys five second
rule-- five second rule-- are we gonna
throw that or eat that five second
rule-- five second rule-- it's okay we
can eject ya guys basically Kitty and
bubbles play hide and seek and bubbles
always likes to hide under here go girls
go
look at that that is so fascinating my
mom told me like you have to tell him to
come and you'll just go under and you
hide from key turn it the net the net
that no you're supposed to run away
before we start making this I want to
tell you something
kind of big information I've never told
you guys this but I'm going to tell you
my mom's name yes I haven't told you
guys till now to be honest it wasn't
really because I didn't want to tell you
but I just thought leaving out would be
fine but now that she's fine with it as
well my mom's name is a name yeah on a
real note though my mom's name is Nadia
there you go you learn something new
every day
this is gonna be the thumbnail for the
video you know that why do you have a
knife in your head give me oh oh okay
there you go time to open
in like ten minutes flat so let's see
about you
how'd you know this whoa
time starts now see sit there we're
doing your places see missing because
you won circles coming soon I love the
way you guys are helping so much you
have to so everything is out here and
I'm gonna start hopefully it doesn't
think too long I've got all the pieces
to the puzzle I think hopefully anyways
so yeah and my momma sister I'm not even
helping me thank you so thank you tell
your viewers that I don't things like
really sees all words I do need to do to
the IRA you used to pay people to come
closer Sarge okay guys did I help you or
not exactly okay case closed
case closed oh wow after a muffin yeah
mark our try I'll try I swear even
though this book doesn't have any
writing on it it does not look English
what's like pictures that don't make
sense to me right now let's try and look
for the piece and looks like this okay
we need that piece for you yes got it
okay why do you just keep complaining
yeah she you know it's not you should a
camera hate you so much it's not even
focusing on you what the hell are you
doing but I swear the camera the camera
legit is not focusing on you
it's too small for it is to I mean he's
too big for it
ah before the real house they can barely
move inside it he legit is that Gary I
just got a who hated it
who the hell oh my goodness just package
them up and send how to open it so these
are big the box is relatively yeah don't
try otherwise st. this is for you so he
was sitting down that's the vault are
you gonna come out yeah you know he's in
this cave
yeah there goes already policy oh
thank you goggles out now we can't
refund if there's anything wrong your
closes in ten minutes
you win Midian girl not you win uh let's
see
three thousand arms do I know bro dude
ten minutes three thousand is pretty
good money okay we count me out to me
one cent a day I said ten minute job
three thousand okay times ticking stop
no it's starting now it's on five two
hundred mm-hmm so that does not seem
like you're trying to beat time I'm
really not okay guys I'm currently kind
of through this I put like forth them in
and on this side of the room you can see
the two men mium bows I don't know if I
was doing crazy to be honest and on that
side of the room you can see the three
women look at them they've been all
sleeping while we do to work around here
she's is dumb even key like go away
don't even come to our side of the room
standing up like not bad guys we are
making progress
yeah mom why did it angry at me I'm
gonna fast forward the rest of us making
this cabinet it's taking way too long
so I'll see you with the fast forwarding
look at bones this guy's been walking
through this flight hours anyways guys
we're going to see you guys some more my
mom's gonna say goodbye to you guys so
today's look goodbye and yet today's
blog has been more I hope bubbles has
been so noisy you should get aground in
some way we'll see you guys there
young the Yolo goodbye
