I'm time wait oh no wooden is today
I got work here and welcome to another
video today me and my family are going
to be doing the Arabic candy challenge
or Arabic sweet challenge and basically
what that is is we're going to be trying
Arabic sweets that we've never tried
before and you're going to see our
reaction to it so I hope we like it and
yet
enjoy the video first up we're all going
to take one of these we have no idea
what okay okay stop at this one we're
going to pick this one please do name
them and say here yeah Michiana okay you
can get up I guess you were to get right
ticket another step this one three two
one
nice that is good okay definitely not
undergone this is nice
so let's go with something that looks a
bit more adventures I think we should
each have one money now that's really
nice yet rated number one would be in a
outfit we agree hey outburst one day a
milky next up we have this week you're
gonna close up right now this one I'm
not really a fan pistachio but let's go
for it
rejoice for you there's me yeah by the
nice if you like sweet I don't like you
I don't you know I guess yeah first off
definitely this one I just don't want -
oh so it's a personal thing hey bitch
you like my sweet moist so those were
like the dry season either right before
point one so this is a selection that I
like so I can see it on come to makeup
okay leave some nature okay oh I know
what this is it's like this rice thing
is these ones let's show it to them okay
next up we're trying this one I forgot
the name I just make my fingers and it
tasted oh my god okay three two one
yeah yeah I still have more than this
I'll go in between the first and the
second one next up we're going for this
character looking Kate I'm not sure what
it is this one I help us down below
comment what you think or what you know
these are so let's each I'm gonna have a
small piece that if it is how I
definitely don't like it I don't like
Harris okay mommy will not tire is it
Garrett and um in yeah there you go no
it is cheap she wants to play I like her
this is no carriage this is cheese I
don't like this one I know right yet
you got cheese as a child to go back to
the one you like it
next up we're having these girls show on
a thermal camera joining again not sure
what this is
I'm just getting everything now that's
notthat's we're gonna have oh oh oh okay
sissy just slip on him
I am ready in a break up three two one
Oh No my favorite this is just sweet
that's what I can taste okay for this
week we just have to give it a 5 out of
10 calm down
that is the sweet rapping soul it's like
what what's this is of life
it looks like it's spaghetti spaghetti
enough rats per day so 3 2 1 and 1/5
nice I like this one hot dog this is
nice I'll give us a countdown live up
only wonderful items you're trying to
set in one this is not even a track
you're just going back to the one you
like this is a lost Andy I think don't
show them it's that let's we'll have a
quick taste of it with one camera guys
nobody understood
he's going to get a little split this
seems like it would be very sweet
okay so I got a little bit for you guys
three two one two foot open it that's
nice yeah that is nice
I'm giving that nine that's the best one
I'll try anyway if you guys enjoyed this
video make sure to smash the like button
if you get over a thousand likes leave
your suggestions of other candy making
Mexican candy or other source my sister
is going back to the same family she
tried as a beginning of the strategy
meal which is so annoying when you're
trying to shoot a video I guess by days
it's not you like but if you did enjoy
that one we'll do another one
peace
