good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so I'm currently just saying you're
editing tomorrow's video I'm not going
to show you exactly what video is bar
should be going out skateboarding with a
couple of you guys some guy hit me up
with a message and I was like yeah I've
got like 10 15 minutes so they should be
here let's go take like a lap skateboard
and then I'm heading out not exactly
sure where Wow
keys found a new sleeping you're
sleeping
dirty I know Katie that's not okay come
out okay I think one of them is here
alright guys I'm with John his friends
are late I'm joking
he got here first obviously he was
official yo-yo squad you know he got
here the fastest and we're just gonna do
like some laps around the area before I
need to go so yeah let's go
you ready yeah please we're here
patrolling the area so what Wow yeah
yeah you're spot from life this is our
area now he took over we're just gonna
go around this is our territory yeah oh
yeah this one is harder you know yeah
what up guy
which one am i riding okay cool
it's scary yet we're gonna get my swag
way so everyone can have one you take it
over the road I'm slowing down now this
one is throwing up man I love music I
should you okay I'm gonna try that yeah
nice okay that that is you're playing
back-to-back with the easies I can't
even lie I'm jealous you know you're
saying what she meant when she told you
to open up yes I'll see you guys there
so I'm hoping that's going to take a
shower that was a good workout I saw
some of you so make sure to follow me on
Instagram and yeah if I ever do
something like this I would that you
guys know maybe I'll do something like
more public who knows but for now I'm
gonna take a shower and get ready to go
out this is what happens when a girl
called cook she dropped my sister
dropped it out of this onto there now
what you do
look guys I'm gonna eat that this almost
origin I told the yo-yo score I had to
go and you're delaying it and I'm
skipping bobbles it's gonna start can we
end it that's disgusting I should let
you Sood is why don't let girls cook so
there's gonna be cool girl that come how
do you stop it turn it off it's still on
Kirsten
on it's red and okay you're gonna go for
it again please don't ruin it
no I tried to flip it
really is it your heart all right be
careful okay we're going we're actually
going to a friend's birthday party
yeah she's got the key that's good so
yeah as I was saying we're actually
going to a friend's birthday party I'm
not sure if I can record there I look at
our friend who's that behind the Lambo
cute again I think what was his name
again I forgot
no no they did name him I already put a
name on him from the vlogs I caught a
Toby that's it's they called him Toby
I'd a cooler job no it's a boy's neck
okay guys we need to we need a girl's
name okay it's a girl do the stanky leg
do the stanky leg so he quickly came to
grab a gift before he went off to the
birthday and then we're gonna go we came
to an area for the Arabian Ranches if
and if you know about it yeah well we
this is now there's a dinosaur good bra
okay all right we just got our gift but
I'm just messing around with a dinosaur
finally got here extreme fun kids play
Center let's go hi I witnessed I'll blow
you him okay so we're here at the
birthday I'm not sure how well you can
hear me it's one of my friends kids
it disclosed a cake into the nisshin's
I'm waiting for the
the arch arch as I like this video check
I'm saying everybody's kind of up to me
I locked the cake
that's odd
he's my brother God
the cannot compare to mine
I feel like a sock those young
and that is a wrap guys time to go home
we had a nice time with some family
friends yeah let's go explore the rest
of the world let's see what the song is
so zero to 100 gotcha
I do not think yourself Ling Dan - oh my
god it's so dark upstairs okay let's try
to turn on some lights oh look at this
guy and you guys remember when I put
this guy here to make it smell good
nope ty remember moment of truth guys
let's open the door and see if there's
anyone today
coast is clear
all right a lot you might not know my
cats actually only loved me because I
give them money you want to see okay
she doesn't like never mony she she's
just sleeping all right now let's see
how she reacts with money say oh wow I
love you oh my god
CUC a coded machine messing with no
broke the only thing these cats actually
do love is food look at this wait doc a
bobble doesn't really like a key my ear
no no interested oh yeah she's
definitely interested then I want to
show you you see the ball I made it
looks like it's like a little crystal
assault particles and you would think
that if you threw this on the floor that
would break but it's absolutely not
breaking nothing is coming off it just
looks very solely like alright guys time
to feed what's and what's his name I
forgot damn it but you guys didn't put a
female name on her it would told me what
we need a female name where's Toby there
you go Toby no no no Toby's not there
his name any Morris her name we need to
make a new name so I'm asking them
alright this is no longer Toby we need a
new name so named Toby she's full yeah
we repeat her so much she doesn't eat a
lot food sometimes we were planning on
going to play some billiards or pool but
we kind of cancelled if he couldn't be
bothered my sister's moving the car
that's the reason cuz I can wait one sec
don't run me over don't run me over I'm
gonna try and go down because you see
the guys also today no no oh oh I got
down what's that the parking yeah it's
good for a girl I guess ha ha ha not
joking it's good it's good oh ok car
swag swag swag
it was good it was birthday why did you
move it no I was joking we are on some
high-speed patrol trying to catch the
tree yeah that's what we're going for a
tree Oh what's up man what's up what's
up what's up oh hey buddy
good I didn't take my shoes all right
imagine go for it come here okay look
look what you mean
stand on it normally oh geez okay handle
no you can oh I need to let go to video
all right go onto your phone Johnson
girls are so bad at this oh we're on
Patrol we're chasing the suspect we have
a criminal target female standing next
to a Range Rover we need immediate
backup you're under arrest for um I
don't know it looks like - yeah Paul's
type of thing I don't know
I don't recommend you try going
backwards fast I almost fell so is time
to go inside thing is so heavy I swear
it's like 100 kilos it's already mom
help me open the door please
let's go make sure probably kit you
don't go escape mode on us I hear
someone behind the door oh my god
what are those worldstar fight worldstar
oh geez worldstar ticket
come on you damn at Babu's I put my
money on bubbles to win the fight Oh
take down da Undertaker has done it
again come back here come back you got
beaten I love that murder
alright time to do a bit of cooking this
ain't really a proper video we're just
doing it for a real practice so yeah
let's go
I don't think I'm actually ever made in
cake properly I remember my sister used
to do it like for your school projects
and stuff but this should be fun we've
got some flour okay and some baking
powder all right I don't even know I'm
going to be using this for to be honest
my goodness is time to cook two eggs
okay I just didn't break no okay one egg
oh yeah second egg oh yeah best egg
breaker in the game my cooking anymore
holy moly look at that guys alums got
like a whole Hoover system for this
sucker a whole mechanical device whoa
he broke it that's pretty cool
absolutely alright we're all done now we
got egg time to board it look you know
the cats are like what the hell are they
doing what is that are they making
something special okay off a spoon of
baking powder that was more than a half
you cheered half a cupful I'm guessing
oh wow and then while I'm dead finally
you take the same spoon you put the
baking powder I put 1 spoon of flour
hashtag professional okay two three four
how many do we need
okay fine sweat it doesn't taste good
I'm telling them you know this better be
perfect okay
are you trying to give me diabetes here
I no need to top it off just sprinkle
and it has to sprinkle sprinkle sprinkle
the chocolate onto it so making a cake
is apparently easier than I thought last
thing is I think you're supposed to put
bar at the end of your
tre I'm not too sure why but that's what
my mom did and then nothing you just
pour the mixture in and we're just about
finished all right let's go and put the
cake in the oven to bake and I'll see
you once it's done is a bit hot and now
I can't tell you how long to leave it in
because I have no idea just keep looking
wait is it I'm scared
you should need them inside there we're
starting to inflate whoo look at them
you know any see it once I stick my
thing to it there you go
here we bubbles I want something okay so
the cakes finished and this one this one
guy had to take a little detour in this
shape like couldn't he just be a normal
heart no you have to go full forehead on
us in the heart like he grew little head
out the heart
I want to taste these I think they're
gonna be hot now so yeah I'll wait until
they cool down time time to get the
weird one out there always has to be a
weird one is it he doesn't even come out
properly oh no no they she's fairly
adorable you just got a big head anyway
anyways I'm going to end today's vlog I
just had a Bible the cake we talked of
British simple cake so if you guys want
a sympathy to try that but before I
finish the cake I'm gonna have my little
snack trap and thing at night the
identities of smash like button I'll see
you guys too more than I give a lot
younger Yolo deuces my sister's
downstairs testing the cake honest
opinion turn
a few moments later oh the one more bye
this is nicer on also gravity yeah
