Ceri read my message welcome there is a
new interest rate yesterday
yah yeah alright to make this bold first
thing I need is a cup of water got my
cup let's fill it up with some water
hopes cut doesn't fall there we go oh
okay i think i overdone it
so time to make this bowl let's open it
up and see what is up there we go we
have three power okay no pour powders
I'm not too sure oh okay I get it
so okay so the other four every single
powder into this mode so first of all
you have to close up but Naraka dairy
guy so apparently I can make the ball
into four colors anyway I want to have
to mix it around here
bubbles is jeongae Thank You bowls yeah
just just go out just walk okay no this
is not possible no bubbles this is water
okay you can drink it but was literally
never drink sure but the time that I
needed to make a ball he's just drinking
it really
let's get back into making this so I
think I'm gonna be myself sister be
right back
first back here okay hold it from there
I'm not too sure what I'm gonna go with
I'm just putting the packets down while
they're open and then I'm just gonna
pour them all in at once also I don't
know if this is a design flaw
okay bubbles is killing me right now
please know now that you have all your
four packets open you start pouring it
into this bowl I think I'm just gonna
put mine one at a time I'm not going to
mix it up there's actually holes in this
pool I'm not sure if this is going to
start pouring out I hope it doesn't but
if it does you guys will see okay so
there we go
oh yeah right why is there holes in the
bowl so the powder can leak out fit I'm
not sure is this enough powder and then
last but not least we go for the pink
and that is it so let's shake it all in
and yeah I think it's ready to put into
the water now so if the instructions are
not lying to me put it in the water for
three minutes so got my cup of water and
voila oh okay no I need to spill my
water okay we are back you you're gone
under water for three minutes okay that
does not enough for now okay I'll be
right back that's not enough for okay
there you go
the ball is under water I'm not too sure
exactly what's going to happen I'm just
gonna place it down here and I'll be
back in within three minutes I don't
even have a timer going so I'm gonna
start that now let's just take it out
now oh my god do I leave this top part
the war I'm not too sure why do I put it
for the next five minutes okay let's
let's just pour this bark war as well in
there it was like one drop and now we
leave outside for five minutes okay I'll
be back okay timer should have been
eight minutes kind of went overboard
yeah I think it does say five minutes
time to take this guy out
I don't know why I have a feeling it's
not complete but I guess it tells me to
take you out so I will okay this is not
right guys it's literally a sticky ball
it's not bouncy at all it's sticky I'm
not sure my sister wait maybe I'll wait
I'll take out and leave it to dry it's
been a couple of hours since I put this
ball aside it is still kind of wet I'm
not sure if actually that's all right
but let us see moment of truth oh yeah
okay no I think I just feel so weird and
cool but I think like the glitter is
going to all like fall off like small
pieces are falling off so I think I'm
going to let it dry but that was a cool
little project we made today and look
how nice it looks that's awesome okay
we're about to go out I think I told you
this already we need to quickly drop off
some keys to one of our friends I feel
like even though the ball I made is wet
if I bounce it up and down
I think it's losing its wetness like
that but it looks proper like I'm not
looking you guys see that let's go for
like salty tackle and it looks like it's
gonna like crumble as soon as I hit it
to the floor but it actually doesn't so
it kind of works I kind of like the
colors yeah you know your boy came out
with the new colorway bullet all right
let's go
we're giving away a car today yeah it's
a car giveaway you see we're giving one
of duck I know we're not one of these
our friends left their keys with us
we're just giving it back so we're gonna
go give our friends car keys back kit
and yeah we kind of stole that car I'm
joking and after car keys with us it's
none of these cars is another car so
don't worry about that I let go we're
late already let's go what are you doing
guys don't believe did you guys know
that Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez
communicate through song titles that
stuff is Illuminati I am next it should
I come inside you're in the parking yeah
um well I'm walking with justice I said
where you know do not lose it
oh yeah none knows I'm hosting Nando's
now okay the car is dropped on I'm not
too sure but look at the amazing view
that's really nice that building this
game built all right you can go but yeah
we're on our way home now listening is
this Akon the new song
then don't endure okay so I'm gonna give
you guys a headache sorry you guys are
probably expecting us to give away the
Lambo but nope not today it was what it
was their own car he gave back it was an
archive then we were just holding onto
one of our family's keys car keys
because they were away and we went and
dropped it off now and yeah it's time to
get ready to go out and the final step
to leaving the house is take selfies
this is atrocious all right our family
are already in the mall and this is what
we've come up against
there's loads of traffic so for those of
you wondering why it is so busy two
reasons once it's Eid which is like the
biggest holiday here - it's a Friday
which is also a really crucial factor
because Friday everyone songs so there's
two big reasons and that is why it's so
busy scan the traffic today is real
you're getting a rise okay fair enough
taking a shortcut I look at a nice a
drawbar decoration
right
so PF Changs was closed and it said we
went to Texas Roadhouse we've come into
this store because is super empty as you
can see and there's kind of a couple
couches you can see on so we just wait
now and wait for them to cool us it's
Lunden curtains
welcome to wow this is cool
oh my God look at the eight ball in the
London who are these is this oh it's
actually a ball we're going back to
London get we're back in London yeah
we're back in love dad Bob mum can't
just walk through London without staying
for a couple of minutes
that's not our London works who's where
it was that Charlie Chaplin are you sure
oh you know what you don't like you
don't like them people die go to the
school of acting or like school off I
don't know what it is exactly go into
the mirror I'll tell you if you suit you
do you guys reckon she should get
something like this whoa oh there's a
second one oh wait we need sods there we
go
please this the right way oh come on but
you go back for the mirrors oh okay Bob
Junho down the cornice
yeah ready
departure we're surmising we can't do
this in public any good let's put them
back we don't even know where they came
from all right moving on to the next
section okay no this is what I'd have in
my house look look at this that's cool
should I open it oh my ahaha open
everything over there it's kind of scary
if you imagine it's actually full you
die it's full I promise you it's full
poppin bottles you don't drop it if you
do they don't cure you drinking from the
bottle popping bottles yo yeah taking
yeah that's that's good okay let's put
it back put it back before you very kid
I feel like this is expensive and we
shouldn't be touching it other arenas
okay time to go eat now and this is my
number I got from them okay my sister is
fascinated in these Mona Lisa's you know
she's an artist so wherever she goes she
always looks at art it's like a face
looking at another face what do you guys
see either that's why I see I'm
currently in this hotel that our family
are staying yet but I'm saying which one
exactly but it looks really nice to be
honest I don't even birth name but I
just came to explore a little for you
guys
it looks absolutely beautiful I don't
want to vlog in front of them so I just
came downstairs yeah look how nice it
looks a bit like no share the news over
here
my mom is up there let's go that's the
reception area oh wow look at this area
that's beautiful
we have like a little fountain and I'm
guessing this is just like a seating
area where you can just sit and have tea
where we're going to be leaving here
soon I think you have tea here but they
have literally that like them gold
things I was looking at the other day
they have all their desserts here mom
what you think it's good right
it's so nice I think our family are down
now so I'm going to go ahead off and see
them time to go home guys
Thank You Dona renal stopping us blow it
down boarding pass getting cash me out
using crossed a shooting star
oh my god
oh my god what happened what happened my
phone just died on me no no my phone
died it died did it dad did it at that
uh Oh as a food but got it oh yeah got
him
um plugin new way of locking this what's
up bubbles a kitty kitty just ruined my
custom skateboard remember I custom that
four years
that they are rubbish really kiddie
movie no that don't do that no has to go
it has to go that is so rude she's
trying to find it she doesn't know what
part was coming off really kitty I swear
I'm gonna kill that cat she's going back
to her well guys I think we're gonna
have to say goodbye to this guy halfway
pulled off thanks to kitty icon you and
stick anymore one state because the
stickiness is gone once you pull it off
it's that's it the connection is broken
thanks to it chopped it off okay guys
our IP I'm taking off both know you're
here look at it look at it it doesn't
look the same anymore
alright be here you know what you kill
you buh-buh-buh fatality
alright frame was it is so I grabbed
myself a little snack it's like half
past one I always sit late at night
editing my videos that's pretty much
just what I like to do it by I'm going
to wrap up the vlog here I need to kind
of apologize it's been the aid holidays
kinda within the past couple of days I
know this videos probably going to be
out way past then because of the weird
way I upload my videos got like two
videos I need to put out before this
because I missed out I know I'm sorry
I'm just gonna try and not vlog for two
days so I can be vlogging they're
putting out the next day if you know I
mean I'm a bit ahead of schedule but
some others sit here eating and editing
my video and off you also asked why I
don't I literally just edit on my laptop
nice it but yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yo yo yo yo squad deuces
