good morning Yaya good morning what is
up everyone welcome back to another vlog
you already know the deal I'm starting
out today's log in the hotel so here's
the thing the other day I made my hand
into a wax figure I realized I can't
take this back to Dubai so I'm going to
melt it and then take it back to the bar
I guys hairdryer versus wax and not sure
if that was a good idea after all today
we actually have some pretty big stuff
happening I've never been to a
professional basketball game in my life
and today we're watching the Lakers
versus the Clippers but not only that
we're actually going there with the
helicopter no Lonzo boom where you at
bro oh look guys I had to me all my boy
you ready to go bro
I need to go sneaker shopping one of
those sneaker shop is there anything
good here yeah gee you look at this
we're talking the fire can Oh dummy
dummy
something anyways we are with the boy
Ahmed Mahmoud - we are here let's go buy
some shit
so right now we are on the way to
sneaker shopping basically he's gonna
try and get me hooked up with some good
price I don't want that reason I will
say that resale price I'm gonna see
we're gonna go to some stores I have
some connections you know talk to him
and see what we can get we're gonna
actually see if being a youtuber can get
you free shoes Oh guys look at that this
is the Acura RSX oh yeah you know see I
know my cars - hey oh hi boys we just
made it into a hood right now want to go
sneaker shopping right now primarily but
it gets them easy but oh I saw you were
in Vegas a couple days ago know you love
gambling
so I took casually taking some risk up
to you thank you sir there you go we can
play the key message the game basically
if you tell you tell guys they have
these machines over here you can win
Easy's for $5.00 these key monster
machines you can win Louie Vuitton
supreme you can win Yeezys all for five
dollars look five dollars per plane
where you think I'm lucky let's test
your luck today let's do this if I win
I'm giving them away we argued all right
now twenty dollars in two issues I gave
eight years in here Oh daddy got a
little bro probably now look at them
oh but wait it's stuck that Keys been
yes yeah yeah guys bounced around to
Bronte for I need to win that you'd be
close to the club give it club oh dude
you're so close okay well there goes my
luck of winning Easy's for $5.00 didn't
happen so I think instead right now we
need to buy them
let's go sneaker shop so right now I'm
doing some sneaker shopping with my boys
here listen I need to spend all this
money on shoes right now so my boy types
he's helping me pick some sneakers I'm
gonna make sure he doesn't get ripped
off and they talk to my people here yeah
I'm gonna make sure he gets the right
deals for the right fingers yeah we got
a boy up here in the village right now
I'm actually buying two pairs of easy
I'm picking up the black easy secondly
we're getting these gray ones
another this is what I'm talking about
there you go red carpets right there no
you're wearing to a red carpet whenever
you have was yeah okay so here is the
thing you know what I came here for one
reason for Yeezys and they have someone
sneezes I've ever seen it we'll check
this out fool
bro this is insane
la get blessed with how many uses do you
have twenty five twenty five boroughs
tell me something tell me so I said I
want to do easy shopping but not cash it
out very the turtle does the Abra's oh
let's just say it's a save for free the
goalie we made the purchase we got the
two pairs of these in the Foamposites I
got one two three four five six eight
Gucci game good game good game guys
clearly made that purchase we've got
three pairs of shoes shout out to my boy
Kyson matroid Ahmed already know math
wouldn't cash anyways but now I'm
actually you're heading out to go to a
basketball game and I'm meeting up with
them later tonight hopefully so sneaker
shopping complete anyways as I said
we're gonna go to the LH game the LA
games the Lakers and Lakers were Lakers
are they good teams yeah they're cool
well I'm a Lakers fan all the way since
I've born in LA so I love Lakers no
matter what all right I'm going Clippers
for now we're heading out let's go
alright so we are back at the hotel I
know you said goodbye like five times
you know it's so much sweeter every time
you do it I know I love you bro I love
you guys this is the official goodbye
for now for now I'm heading out guys so
peace out to my boy and I'll see you
tonight
all right peace
my Ferrari guys Stephanie guys what okay
I just saw that anyways we're back in
the hotel
quickly went and picked up some shoes
right now so it's time to go to the
basketball game and I think I'm gonna
wear one of those a few moments later
today is another special day and row
okay first of all where the hell have
you been the whole day well I've been
working trying to make money hi guys so
check it out right now as I said we are
heading to the basketball game but we're
not going there with car we're going
with a helicopter to stadium with
helicopters who does that
we do pro we act here boy this is my
first basketball game ever and we're
being the team hopefully
the phone
I wished I had
I can be kind of
all right we made it for now we're
saying goodbye to the helicopter let's
go over to this game now yeah go Los
Angeles yeah
we are you at the Staples Center right
now in case you don't know what that is
it's like the stadium where they're made
yet we're late we need to get to the
ball super game right now and go Lakers
whoo go with the Clippers bro today
we're Clippers go keepers whoo we just
made it to the stadium oh my god
welcome to the Lakers versus the
Clippers
yo what is happening right now
doh hi guys the right now it is the
fourth quarter of the game
Brittany taking a little break the game
is literally neck or neck like both
teams are this close but here's the
thing we were sitting at the top but
right now cycads friend just came and
hooked us up guys your site now
quartzite they can courtside club look
at that
guess who else is at this game dude guys
we are here this is insane
yep we're closing up now
okay so the game is now over boys right
now we are next to the court as you can
see the biggest DJ Khaled was actually
at the game he was literally and I'm not
joking sitting on this seat okay so yeah
anyway that was a hell of a game guys
super super insane bro bro I said it
right courtside is good but on the court
is that bro they're training right now
or we're training with law school
players trained so they ready for it
we're gonna let them do their training
so let's get up here well we are out hey
y'all
back at the hotel you already know wow
wow wow y'all before I say anything guys
I just want to say today has been crazy
so if you're not already subscribed
around here what are you doing okay
here's the thing
it's super super late it's currently
2:00 a.m. so I don't want to shout in
the hotel because I think the other
rooms hate me right now okay anyways now
that I'm back let me show you the shoes
I bought today oh oh yeah first things
first your boy got some gray Easy's
these are the new ones that just came
out they're actually the cheapest ones
or hundred and fifty dollars okay ii
think i got it BAM oh the black easy so
these are like the first ones came out a
little bit more expensive guys closer to
a thousand finally listen you guys saw
you guys saw what I bought okay don't
judge me this is the lost shoe I got oh
yeah listen real men wear pink you know
you know what sometimes you look so
different
that it kind of looks cool I feel like
if you wear these in public
you kind of look cool anyways there you
go is that is all of the sneakers I
bought honestly I think I have a pretty
good collection now I got the grey Z's
the ye Z's and the black ones and a pink
pair of Foamposites now he
the crazy thing guys in my hotel we
actually have a ton of celebrity staying
here and I mean like a ton of them
I've already seen two celebrities so nav
which is a rapper I'm not sure if you
guys know him he's in my hotel and also
Jamie Foxx like literally two
celebrities I've already seen over here
so that's pretty crazy but yeah as
always I just want to say I love you
guys so so much if you're new around
here make sure to subscribe click the
like button the notification you already
know what to do and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow for another epic vlog yeah
leo
