good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I bet you you don't know our garden
looks like at the moment damn this place
is so messy right now but tomorrow we
have to bring like a pickup truck to
take all of these away oh hey that's our
friend he's actually finally there wait
have you guys given him an Amy I don't
think so hey what's up none in it I'm
not gonna do anything
wait you can't even see him let's go
back in I know this place is a complete
mess like what didn't expect to have
that many long trees in here to trim
down I'm going to be completely honest
today today has been a very unproductive
day I haven't done much but there's a
reason for that I just couldn't upload
my video today it wasn't working out I
did like three times before I got noted
here my mom's romanika Kinney oh my god
not kitty bubbles I mean he's like dead
asleep I don't know why let's see here
I'm gonna leave him alone before he
wakes up but we are gonna go out I need
to get ready cause I'm the last person
getting ready today PS don't judge my
room yes I know it's a complete mess
everything is a complete mess I need to
sort out really soon if you guys don't
know Drake's new music video hotline
bling' is out and it's gone to my head
so bad and every time I listen to it
this is what comes into my head just
call me on my cell phone
one day ever since I left the city this
house has got a weird ED code to it now
that the couch they're awesome
echo echo hi
we're going out regardless let's see I
think my sister's got loads of work to
do she needs like giving our clothes
change up something bla bla bla
let's go do that what's wrong Ramos I
don't know he's complaining as he saw
you do you like the cake you made east
oh shoot I'm trying to drive by now guys
this is my storage area anything
unwanted just goes in there me unusual
imagine if I start stacking up things
here like everything I don't want one
normal rain I've heard the song before
in cybernetics t-bone and T I'm on it
log already catching on to what you come
to a place that we've actually never
come before on the blood okay she's been
here we never come to on the blog this
food cool 1889
try it it's like green eyes
fish
let me know fancy hand wipers they come
with inside and open it which side you
open it from
alright that this doll where can you
open this creepy I tried to buy it
didn't work okay cause the camera hold
it right there
open it you're gonna get soap in your
mouth
I am doesn't know how to open tissue
we're still counting down
okay moe okay folks I think you're both
sides
are you this is taking way too long I
don't think now wipe your face with it
when they give me their bath
okay take the camp goodbye he's left the
cow refreshed not a little red and my
pedicure dog
Oh feel the soap in my mouth there's a
live hockey match going on at the moment
this is amazing I've never watched on a
feature for that is so cool this is how
you know my sister is a Shopaholic she
over bought so much that she's
exchanging a lot of it she didn't even
get the right sizes she picks without
wearing them who does that I mean really
they're not really feeling it no I don't
think it suits me let's go see if my mom
and sister have had better luck than me
accurate actually I think I saw them
over there it looks good it does look
good I think it looks decent today's
video is going to be a documentary it's
going to show you life from the
perspective of a Shopaholic these people
are very rare in this world and you can
see one standing right behind me can we
interview you please my sister has a
philosophy that if you see something you
like even if you have no need for at
that current moment in time you should
buy it anyways because one day you will
use it that is the mindset of a
Shopaholic guys it's very traumatizing
but it's true my turn to eat I've
brought them to Texas chicken and
because they've already here
they're having nothing and they're so
embarrassed that I'm like we're not have
it's only a meter
yeah they're only having two peanuts but
it's so funny because they were so shy
about coming with me and they weren't
having no Anna mini-burgers yeah I was
joking about that divided order myself
remained as well just messing around
with them and even the mini
cheeseburgers I only ordered because of
them I won't even eat that pudding and
take it away so that's your boat I'm not
like I'm not gonna happen
like sin you stepped on my sister's well
I'm sorry I'm sorry
all right now it's so dark yes you are
dark well we're sitting the car going
home and my mom pointed out the moon
which looks really cool right now
basically like half a moon and has like
an orangey red color to it let me zoom
in it see you can know me since I was
complaining the other day about you know
wanting to have someone to drive around
my brother kindly offered to drive I did
not find you you're paying me to do this
thing is double the normal like taxi
fare so no times 20 way it's not a fun
game hated those you messed up my camera
here $2,000 messing up my camera it
doesn't cost that much yeah give me you
what you're drying it what is so special
about aces and carry you know I see
first up really good
what's your entertainment and please
explain to me entertain you wanna know
this is taken every car you have an
entertainment system
why should I pay you more nothing I want
to know did your driver do this hey what
are you doing Oh God you're not driving
safety and dancing okay just going down
I guess me later because he might kill
us I can't trust them with dancing and
driving finally some peace and quiet in
the car this person just drives me crazy
she talks so much the thing is you guys
won't realize it cuz I'm gonna cut out
like over half her speech at least this
she just kept going on and on we're at
the petrol station they went to buy some
milk my sister is so annoying
I mean thumbs up if you know the pain of
the annoyingness it just drives you
insane I don't know what she was saying
like she kept going
oh so mean I'm joking she's not that
annoying but she is pretty annoying oh
damn it
the petrol stopped oops sorry it's gonna
get filled up soon anyways and we should
be good to go
dammit she's back I have time up the
door for her hello
I'm just telling them how the quiet and
bad it was without you in the car really
annoying but exactly I said this is what
you have to do when you have no couches
in the house yeah totally I think I
showed them yesterday when they were
taking away I was looked at my sins and
I was like what are you doing and then I
realized there's no couches but dirt we
have chairs here what are you doing
there's chairs there's a table and
you're still acting like a cave woman
dude no afternoo another one the other
day you guys gave me a pretty good
suggestion a pretty solid one you told
me to spray paint my pink iPhone case he
always has to ruin something you just he
is in the habit of reading some things
I'm not letting this pretty reading I'm
just gonna cut up all your paper all
right you need to come record me while I
did this we're gonna do it anyways look
I'm also reusing things here you
want to sure gonna noise this is why
people commented you guys should not buy
a gun we do not have enough brain cells
to
by a board and we shoot it inside the
house okay
I'll let her find report and then with
that for now I could go buy a board full
board okay no this is pretty dumb he's a
lunatic you're not there's nothing to
shoot yes I know there's a gun in the
bathroom I put it that my brother is
trying to decide what color to make his
iPhone case unfortunately we do not have
any chairs in the house because Kenny
and bubble tried to destroy it so we're
going to put a cover on the I'm not
looking in the lens yet we're going to
put a cover on that chair and then
they're going to bring it back hopefully
I'll be cat proof so kitty I'm gonna
steal your little chair if you don't
mind and no I'm sure she doesn't want it
no she doesn't want it do you want it or
gonna sit in this chair
kitty come here see sure she wants to
join me now she no see whenever you take
something from them they want it back
come here come here a peach with more
vlogs on it no
no I'm okay
time to start this job we need a car
some paper Alex and you it's you you can
do that
my sister has taken up the impossible
role once again in her life she has
wanted to customize my phone case it
happened before in London and again now
moment of truth guys you wanna see how
the cover looks like you wanna see it's
not finished yet but bail we're gonna be
spray-painting the insides yeah I had to
leave these bits oh yeah cause when you
spray pailful off if we don't we're
gonna first test it out because my
sister has an idea in plan she wants to
see how long it takes to dry so we can
do two layers of spray painting I guess
very bit that's not that's enough okay
I what are you spray paint yes that
stinks now and you made a whole liquid
hold up spray paint I have no idea what
you're doing right now what are you
trying to do can you explain please
I bet you the viewers eyes confuses me
what effect you're putting gobs of blue
on white Martin I called you on my hand
what is your point
the point is I'm wearing my favorite
pajamas okay that teaches you to stop
spray-painting blue everywhere right
five times spray paint Oksana we're
going to first go with white because I
thought or my sister why would we have
it pink so Y is going to be the base
number is great
to it hopefully it works out like a
light can you move back from here
destroy them
but it's nice right very good
oh good even the case is dried up and it
looks so smooth we just test it out on
here and look how cool it looks it looks
pretty awesome right this is the stencil
we're using not bad that's actually
pretty good now we just need to set a
taper onto the forced corners and that's
why - what nothing that should be fine
I mean this is good here you ever get
100 yep
pretty much I don't know but don't do
anymore
that'sthat's it I'm not going to do
anymore I hope I didn't ruin it let's
just cut a whole bit here because if
it's dripping that's a problem I didn't
see much you reckon I think you did but
what can you do now you can't you just
wait to the dries yeah leave it don't
touch it if you tilt it then that's a
problem right I'm actually pretty
excited I think it's going to turn out
really good I hope it does anyways I
don't want to messed up my sister took
at least an hour making this so thanks
for making it's going to be good like
custom iPhone 6s case made by Lana Rose
so that can go on her you can put down
your ego say I made that moment of truth
very careful because we want to keep
that stencil so you want to keep it yeah
obviously I didn't spend an hour cutting
it I think we should set on eBay no I
want to keep it I was so stressed up
it's coming up really easily too easy
actually I don't know that's a good
thing or a bad thing
this is such a delicate procedure we've
accidentally left the stencil on not
knowing they would stick to the white
spray paint and this is just taking
quite a while there we go guys that is
the finished product or the case that my
sister made look super cool have you
guys ever seen anything like this I
don't think so but damn it's it was so
hard getting it off because we would
left the stand so on for too long and
then it wasn't peeling off from the back
you can see we had like a hard time
trying to take it off and stuff like
that but for now we'll see you guys
later
that is my cut
them iPhone case made for me by my
sister and yeah that is pretty awesome
I didn't expect it to come out this good
but it looks amazing and even though it
was like a little project we didn't buy
yet if you did enjoy it and you think it
looks awesome to smash the like button
and yeah check out my sister's Instagram
if you want to see that for now we'll
see you guys there
Yolo Yolo goodbye
