Scheffer blue canvas
hey go happy birthday whoo good morning
guys and welcome to another vlog first
of all I feel much better today
my sickness is gone I took so many
tablets last night and second of all you
see this I don't think you guys saw but
last night after we went to Bordeaux
Arab and cinema we came home and we kind
of like a little surprise my mom and
sister with a bit of family that were
around I didn't like it because family
around but yeah I just wanted to show
you guys so you could keep up to date I
might have a little bit at the beginning
of the vlog maybe like when we were
saying happy birthday or something not
too sure
all right guys finally ready to go out
with my mom look at her she's all
dressed up I'm all dressed up just go
time second birthday party in a row you
know mommy show them your back show them
your back
oh yeah flex on them real quick flex on
them oh my god happy birthday by the way
you guys that thing like sings let me
show them what it does exactly look at
this okay actually I'm going to do when
I come back home because I don't okay
basically if you pull this out it makes
like a happy birthday type of thing
noise and finally the second princess is
also downstairs look at them they're
like matching colors oh my god alright
let's go let's go let's go
alright guys so we are finally here so
we're finally here you can see the
scenery is super nice we're just going
to go head over to wherever the
restaurant is I'm not too sure right now
yeah it's really nice in here alright so
these are our seats and this is pretty
much how it works once you get your
seats you know you're seeing and you
come into the booth bay and you hit your
food so they've got a huge selection
obviously we're just standing here so
this is the bread starts over here you
can see everything you can possibly want
and this is one room at like four or
five okay let's keep going let's get
going
I think this is oriental food and then
we got bar this is a pretty cool nice
way you guys have I've got too much of
an oriental person so my mom's having
some I'm going to skip this section and
move on to the next one okay well I
won't have sound that it's not beefsteak
yeah oh yeah boys this is what I'm
talking about
nice
yeah that's good that's good that's it
actually want to sit up on is enough
I want to show you this little food
decoration type of food they have all
right let's get going
go look who I found in the chicken
section did you Nick in the chicken
really like that so he's preparing up
like a little dish for everybody and
we're just waiting in line to have them
what's up there so look what my mom's
always that Wow scream I'm gonna go try
and find the rice I'm not sure is it
here so he raised our white rice yes
white rice here
okay thank you yeah let's have a bit of
this
okay wait mom can we go
I'm gonna go have a seat I got all my
food I don't really explain it but each
section here has like a team so the
first section was like oriental food and
breaded something this is more like open
Arabic section and then obviously every
soup or I had those type of theme inside
it or maybe two or three themes at once
I'm going to go sit down and start
eating I finished my first round of food
or a bat for round two to be honest I'm
mostly looking forward to dessert
because they have like Baskin Robbins
ice cream and most places they don't
have like ice cream waiter literally in
Sicily like those Baskin Robbins you can
have any size go at last idea so it's
cool but it's perfect I love basketball
that's the perfect is they also have one
of them chocolate what about it
I think so anyways that's what they had
last time I was here and they've kind of
renovated then look so not sure that
other they still had it I just saw it my
mom is picking outside it's really
really that healthy to be us I'm not too
hungry anymore
I might just get like one more steak and
go I kind of got embarrassed guys I'm
not having around to because I'm sick I
feel really full so once all my family
is done having that thing even my mom
got a second round and she doesn't eat
anything I literally she's got the
smallest appetite and she's even more
than me today because I'm so sick so I'm
gonna wait for everyone to finish their
food and looking like the day that we
have this such a nice selection only a
butter bracket and a butter and bread
dust
I'm definitely how can I just take one
of these okay wait give me a plate give
me a plate for this chat break it yeah
oh my god okay get me back can you do it
for me my hand is full please thank you
does a great way to break it up yeah
yeah let's go
I should air do they have like softer
bread wait where do they have Lebanese
bread I really like that buddy's bread
oh yeah we found the Lebanese bread got
it
what type of bread is that a super funky
all right so they were like the biggest
bread collection ever so our family's
all gone at the moment so being quickly
vlog what's going on
you can see that's what you got your
name
and obviously your boy coming through
with the bread that he like literally
you know what happened it was so
embarrassing I came to break the stick
and I slammed on the plate and it went
everywhere yeah went on the floor yeah
we're about that that I'm most excited
to dessert which is over there at the
back so yeah let's just eat up and wait
for everyone else to be finished all
right time for the dessert I'm going to
show you everything they have
so yeah just get ready to be amazed okay
this is the chocolate fountain they have
guys so nice but then we have all the
cupcakes I want to quickly go around
everything
oh my God look at this desert to be
honest I know I'm having a straight
enemy baskin-robbins
fruit always great to have but you know
your boy sticking with his chocolatey
marshmallow my mama to go with cake you
know we out here doing it properly I'm
on betrayed me she's having group she's
having fruit she betrayed me no can I
have like a taster of it rather test
stop make
I'm making my mother of the desert so I
can film I got myself one scoop of mango
ice in one super chocolate there's so
much more dessert to pick from I don't
know but I want to go back to the
chocolate and that was really good
anything well yeah well I'll have this
back I were you gonna have you're gonna
have some dessert sweet obviously what
cake
are these cakes or cupcakes he's in
sight I don't know like dessert shop
type of things all right let's get go
I'm going to have a cupcake with like a
chocolate cupcake obviously let's put
this in I'm going to have the cupcake
with this super nice chocolate
chocolate Iman bring them bring nothing
bring the oh yeah
this is like chocolate heaven for
everyone action we're sit down how much
sir
we just finished with the main courses
and my favorite part is the dessert I
wanted to show you my desire to propose
this is that I got so far alright we're
going outside for you guys to show you a
bit off the outside so let's go like the
outside tables but we're about to walk
towards I'm not sure if that's a beach
but we have like an amazing view of the
for July there's just a couple trees
here so I'm trying to walk ahead for you
guys to get a nice shot kind of empty
out here and the weather's really nice
look at that you see that guys Borja
Arab that's where you were yesterday oh
my mom's and sisters birthdays birthdays
I don't know I say let's go your heels
are making so much noise
alright look at this look at this Wow I
don't want to drop my camera wow this is
fancy and it's so peaceful when you can
see the whole hotel is above us I'm
trying I'd do a 360 camera turn type of
thing while followed my mum let's go
okay we finally found something a bit
different you can see the Virgin arm
very nicely here don't take a picture
okay let's think like a late night
picture okay I'll take it with this
camera it's actually so nice all right
one second that is crazy that's
beautiful
lighting at night is so nice thanks for
coming yes please good year thank you
it's I'll just leave it on record and
then I'll just take like a snap out of
it so I don't need to answer shoulders
well done lads
thank you very much thank you let's make
sure it sit up there now thank you
I'm gonna quickly take a snapchat and
Instagram post so make sure to follow me
there we kind of see these photos like I
post up out in real time that it happens
on my snapchat and Instagram but on
YouTube it takes like a couple of days
because I need to do the editing and
stuff like that so if you want to see
crazy views like this in real time then
make sure to check it out this light is
amazing come up okay this is the best
lighting ever because they have lighting
coming towards your face and then
obviously the light of the board is
lighting itself continue our journey
just search your own the view is amazing
literally that's the best part even
behind us look at that oh my like
everything liquid it's because they're
so nice like the shape of the buildings
and the colors and everything I've got a
blue camel coming up where we like we're
like tourists like literally I can't
laughs come here for New Year's I come
here a lot of times up every time I come
I'm literally just as wowed and laying
you and I look so amazing look that
that's the actual hotel so it's on the
camel then you can see the actual thing
itself right there again there are we
going we're going into the dark this is
scary and are we go that he gots okay
not as scary as I thought
okay hopefully I'm teaching you the nice
places if you ever come here make sure
to go outside the funny thing is we were
actually here exactly here for New
Year's but back then I wasn't a proper
vlogger I didn't vlog anything nicely so
that's exactly where we sat for New
Year's and the fireworks show was going
on over here next to Borge
should we take a couple more photos and
obviously you have all the yacht's
lining up it was funny because when the
like firework shows going on those
drones like there was one drone flying
around and then it landed in one of them
you arts I think like people had it
themselves and they're just flying you
around to get cool jobs hello the hotel
change color to red Dale where what
right the header is crazy wow that looks
so nice goodbye my friend goodbye
goodbye goodbye let's go let's go oh wow
actually change color to white now that
is the end of our outdoor adventure
we're gonna go back in probably head off
home soon hopefully I tried to show you
as much
the nice things that I was seeing myself
like what I know but this is like a
special two days so make sure to smash
the like button if you enjoyed these two
days I'm actually planning on going to
the beach taking my skateboard and let's
have like a little picnic maybe tomorrow
after tomorrow not too sure exactly when
but when that happens I'll let you guys
know in the thumbnail or the name of the
video but for now guys we're going back
into the restaurant mum was it nice
outside yeah it was so nice
they do you go for it
how hard is the cake
and it's time to leave now okay well
that is then today I'm just walking
through the food section just as I was
going to show you one last time
we are leaving now though they can order
food day I'd like it so bad I have to
come around sick but it is my own
sister's birthday
okay so birthday girl is taking photos
next to the piano you ready all right
here you go okay
I took one without flash let's quickly
turn the flash on all right as you can
see my mom and sister are still taking
photos we're about to be going home
anyway hot you ready
oh wait that's my mom's all right let's
go and it's a wrap they finish their
photos it's time to go home and share
she got a la voz Oh instagramming is
coming down okay then here comes the car
guys time to leave turn down for what
what what what what what what look it's
about to fall off I literally just taped
it back on for the video so behind it
you can see it has this little straw
thing and once you pull it out do you
hear that happy birthday
do you the and then you have to put the
straw vacuum which is super hard but
let's just bring it down it was already
down I'm not ripping it down for the
video trust me I had to put it back up
for the video so to make it stop you
have to put the straw back in it which
is pretty funny so let's try to do that
right now not sure exactly how anyways
you guys I hope you did enjoy today and
yes these vlogs the birthday special
dogs let's just call them that but I'm
gonna end my night like every other
night I'm gonna sit here editing some
videos playing a couple games with my
friends online on skype so yeah that's
kind of why denied every night not even
joking I sit here to like 2 a.m. or 3
a.m. playing games with them after I
finish my editing but I'm going to say
good night to you guys hopefully you had
a great day as well I'm just so tired
today I'm so tired but yeah if any of
you guys got people have birthdays today
so I wanna say happy birthday to each
and every single one of you but yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow your scores
from the life Yolo Yolo goodbye
that's so weird I just blurt the screen
this is not acceptable look at what
they've done
look at this I left the toilet door open
and I just look up to see bubbles is
fighting with this really rolls really
what the hell this guy's crazy
oh I'm sorry but I was I know you really
enjoy playing with this but this is not
a toy okay
nope he just doesn't notice how you just
look here this guy I'm gonna sit why
he's gonna mess up the very fun to take
it he's already done everything thumbs
up if you got this far type bubbles is
crazy and I'll try it wow really really
well was really okay let's go goodbye
