good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so yesterday we left you on a
cliffhanger with the new gun we got and
today it's finally time to use this bad
boy so go ahead and open up for them and
let's see the new gun it's literally our
first ever gone down a powerful let's
see
so should I help you open it okay so you
need to flick these up and oh boy this
is the first time we're opening it then
in it and boom that is the new gun it's
an air rifle let's take all the tags off
and start using it there's still what is
this light is this okay not too sure I
don't think we should be playing around
with these talks since or whatever these
are but damn that is so big alright
let's load it up and get ready to use it
let's say everything over there yep
there we go just a gun here okay set it
up all the way at the back don't worry
we won't hit the water tank yeah no we
won't we won't just set it up right here
in this corner so we're gonna aim this
way yeah so I think we should do this
yeah I think I'm gonna be straight on
point I'm gonna hit it first time these
are the targets we bought for it which
is pretty cool Burrell versus sis and
let's go okay and that is that that's
actually a pretty good place in the
rocks right I'm going first
shotgun look from here to here we're
gonna shoot all the way from the back
here and see if we can make it Oh what
told me no go ah
we're shooting here - over here here not
as Howie all right but make sure Toby
leaves before we start doing this these
are the bullets do me a favor do not
pointed at me okay watch this yet it's
so hard okay that right yes now you just
put the bullet in here raise it this
right okay yeah just make sure you keep
it away from me one second I'm coming
behind you I'm too busy
he's over there he's okay okay one
second okay aim it to the left side so
it's away from that thing
should I shower I zoom in on those
things once I can hold on hold on for a
second wait one second it's not zoomed
enough no where did you hit it oh my god
I missed it
did it go completely through check the
vine check it down I open it open it
let's see if it because that's the hole
it made you can't all right open the
other one and see from behind and it
going is it heavy
wow it's there's no lizards yes hurry up
man
really yeah I think this is pretty good
idea to put behind it what is it though
what is it made of concrete really it's
so heavy
why don't I use this open to do I mean
okay no just shoot inside there we need
to open these doors I'm thinking you
have this like this
yeah we take this I want the target
straight in front of it all right buddy
let's go let's see if my sister can do
this hi come on but I get your knee no
no put that the back of it against like
your leg so hard caught you can do it
right beside it
guys trust me when I say it it is so
hard to load this oh my god oh this is
like and like I'm a guy and it's hard
for me so imagine how hard it must be
for her a little bit more both hands ah
there you go and now all you need is one
bullet shop it in there you go all right
you just push the bullet in normally
flick it up pick it up okay yeah that
shouldn't be hard okay now you know how
to shoot right just in between them and
get it lined up with the red one yeah
that's why I went down try zoom is for
you guys try zoom on the target to see
where it hits okay three okay I'm gonna
wait wait wait for me to zoom in so they
can see exactly where you're gonna hit
yeah I saw if she hits this first time
and you're four
I just see concrete came out I think the
targets were using our bit too hard so
I'm gonna stop it after this so you can
actually see where yeah yeah I think you
should stick that one wait does that
sticker on the back because I was
sticker on the back yes stick it to the
concrete so at least we have like
something behind it do you can see it
all right right here right yeah in case
we missed there's no mystery I think
this should be our target stick it
around it now we have a proper target so
we can actually see where okay right
yeah what that thing around for to
because we might want to aim for that as
well we're gonna do a point system guys
me versus my sister five shots each
that's 20 points if you get the X 10 9
and each of these are 10 as well if it
hits one of these and hits the back it
gets added up so 9 10 20 and then each
of these 10 bonus
moment of truth I'm gonna set up my
camera so you can see the target five
shots me five shots her imagine just
just shoots at the camera though 5 shots
each we just know cuz we got that big
circle behind it trust me your boys
gonna hit 20 20 20 every single time I
think it should be pretty easy so let's
go oh boy she is prepared look at her
little earbuds she still doesn't like
the sound even though it's not too much
it doesn't feel that much it'll still
block out a lot of the noise whoo guys
Rosemere are you me ching ching John
okay you go first round one Lana
round one Lana
alright let's set up your camera while
you do that a three two one go whoa what
the hell oh my god guys one shot in and
look what it does in a paper it's
completely shredded it into bits
oh well four more shots to go for her
alright small changes set up instead
we've brought two cameras out so I can
record her and from this camera I'm
going to record the target so let's get
started this is going to take forever
you're so scared when you're doing that
round three aiming wrong
and then that oh okay yeah that's I was
wondering oh you always hit that small
one oh you hit it middle one middle one
I'm pretty sure I was the middle one all
right yeah we'll play it back but let's
put that back up dollars amazing sweetie
does the first couple of rounds I was
doing it wrong oh yeah
right so this is your last shot look at
that steadier all right it's my turn now
I'm going serious I'm gonna probably lie
on the ground go full sniper mode on you
guys so yeah well to most turn why
should to me what is this does she hate
if I knew I would have done that - I
have no idea
aim through this one I'm not you see the
cosmic swing right okay okay I did see
something I'm sweeping off
again why don't you do the technique I
did that got me my shot it moved that is
our target guys I don't know who the
winner is
I hit that right yeah that's me there's
no one hit the middle hopefully how long
guys if I didn't know by now who do you
reckon one I don't know I want to start
owner II met I let's just keep going and
having fun with your normal point system
she put this back up yeah just so we
know we hit something
look at fathers he's watching us from
this window huh and this is where the
targa is he's like what the hell are you
doing what are you training to kill me
later okay now Izumo zoom on the targets
away man yeah what did you do did you
shoot anything we've just been playing
around with it off camera for a while I
don't think I shot he's getting much
better cuz we've taken that paper just
bailed out my Oh Oh as I said that you
hit it bullseye she's actually better
though stop calling me a loser okay take
this take this and what watch me beat
you know yo your squad
I just not a feeling I own your
recording I was gonna get that shot
literally we've been going at it like
five minutes not fine is that teasing
it's off-camera we've just been playing
around with it and as soon as I say you
can't get anything Oh what happened oh
you got your finger in between it no no
no Lucy I think a paddle or I leave it
be careful don't put your flesh in
between when you're bending it oh let's
see it from your squad and my nail Burke
here is all chipped at chicken cage just
be careful do you want to tape where is
all you got it in here you got it here
oh I can I hit the corner but I'm still
taking that we're gonna have a challenge
right now okay oh I'm gonna show him
that I can beat him now oh that's maybe
just oh not again and not again there
all right
let's go oh my god I swear this is no
editing nothing fancy we are actually
hitting it suddenly all on camera oh why
did you know you chipped it right in the
corner no this bottom on Ball corner I
chipped it that when you pull it and you
put on like your own place you need to
use both hands man that's why I'm
telling you we're gonna wrap it up is
pretty much she's winning I think in the
the circles because she hit twice I hit
once but yeah for now I will see you
guys once we do something else does I
think this is going to get a bit too
boring but let us know in the comment
section what you want us to shoot next
and no not the Lamborghini guys we're
not doing that but let's call it a wrap
I think actually no that's where the
thing is open we're taking the gun back
inside we had loads of fun with it today
and yeah let's put it back in its metal
box and lock it up so no one else can
come and play with it I got all ready
because apparently we need to go take
some passport photos or something along
their minds so my mom just told me to
get ready back felt a bit hungry so I'm
gonna have this cake that we got
yesterday I'm just gonna taste it
quickly right now let's see if it's
sweet if not then so I think I'm still
gonna add some Nutella to it just to
give it a bit more fat chocolatey fuel I
think that what should do actually
that's per bit more there we go thumbs
up if you like Nutella and let me know
in the comment section this thing is
just delicious
alright well I'm just gonna have a bit
of my dessert Oh
after about thousand circles everyone's
finally ready to go I just take this out
whenever I'm bored in order to be my
tricks okay
way to dizzy now let's go put this away
I think my sister's coming down and
everybody is ready to go take their
photos
that's how you know you messed up we've
been listening to that song so much on
the radio did you guys see how I just
played that off I went all the way to
the back because I realized you guys
hate me touching my hair I know that
okay so time for take our passport
photos let's see the book we're gonna
take care this is the photoshoot room
guys see these are the type of lights I
said you actually know what type of
lights are these flashlights oh you know
it's opposite flashes opposite way my
mom's gonna go first and then me
as our photo shoot this is my motherland
there's my brother doing his photo shoot
and he's doing a check to see if he
likes the picture okay once another one
let's see this one turns out nice
you like your picture I think another
one just for safe measures I think I
like the personal barriers
I think we could American guys
McDonald's oh my god I want you guys
watching this to savor on this moment
because it's probably never going to
happen again
I think a miracle struck us my sister is
actually having McDonald's McDonald's
hey that's my cheeseburger
that's my nuggets let's begin our meal
last thing we need to do before we go
home is always first we shopping I don't
know how we eat so much at home my
sister grabbed herself some croissants
here and that was her mind the
difference is mine are smaller but she
is not on that diet type of things 18th
18th alright time to go home you just
remembered huh
mama can have a croissant alright you
want the whole bag I just take the bag
is outside down this is so nice I don't
even know anymore picnic with more let's
try mine
alright these are nice they've got less
ready Motorhome great it's not like all
out in it I can see it I missed the
chewy all right our whole first thing I
always do is get my lollipop and I know
you guys are gonna be commenting about
this piece of hair I don't know what to
do with it if I stroke my hams can we
get loads of comments saying more why
are you stroking your care or I'm gonna
kill you blah blah blah and yeah I know
you guys don't like me
consistently shoving my hair up but I
think tomorrow I'm not sure I'm just
saying it we might do a bit of cooking
with my mom with this gingerbread man
setup ma'am tell me what you want to see
I'm gonna try and see if I can make
something cool if not then I'm sorry
you're seeing the thumbnail of the video
anyways if I do make anything okay this
is stealing whatever me but if you
didn't resonate slug and the gun I
really enjoyed playing with the gun I'm
gonna go out there every day to shoot
something smash like button and I'll see
you guys later peace
