good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today but today we are doing
birthday celebration we're now heading
off the boards and our three guys will
be in the Lambo mom's in I mean the
Range Rover will see there today is
going to be off the roof for the vlogs I
hope you enjoy okay oh my god everything
yeah there you go okay okay
too ahead of yourself let's go okay guys
we are following my mom
hold me close till I get up thumb is
belly outside
I don't want always with left stones
which is leading us love is all we ever
trust
I phoned away melodies we haven't played
now I don't want no
let go in around these walls fighting to
create a song I don't wanna miss Abby
finally here look at this crazy crazy
view oh my god we'll go through the
wastelands through the highways Zuma
shadow - sunrays
and
we finally got here this is the crazy
view sister coming through
let's go you ready you're inside I want
to show you you're going up an escalator
there you go
can see yourself no no I'll wait going
to flip the camera for you there you go
can you see it
the views are crazy okay look at look at
the water show
and then all the way up you have a whole
decoration
fun fact guys one of my other sisters
birthdays was in there like a couple
years ago look at this awesome Motor
Show
Wow it looks amazing I'm not too sure
where the restaurant is I think it's
over there somewhere
alright guys we are inside the
restaurant now so we're going to our
section oh my god yeah should take a
photo here after okay alright so I'm
guessing your table is somewhere around
here Wow
yeah thank you
Wow I'm singing on table like a dove you
can see behind me beautiful like this
huge aquarium and I'm gonna turn the
camera just my mom's sake here with you
can sit there like this like a vollis
type of things yeah they get to see the
V straight on after I have to turn the
camera to see her but maybe on the glass
can think of
okay I know if you always want to see
the menu I'm gonna go ahead and show you
it now from this angle
so yeah let's go through it and see if
we can buy myself a dish this is the
menu let's open it up and see what they
have these are there caviar list then we
go to appetizers you see they have salad
some Lobster etc soups and then yet I
think these are the main courses so I
need to look through here I think I'm
probably in have some swab beef I'm not
too sure so he ordered our food and now
we're just walking around the Cadiz such
an amazing view like it's like a golden
tunnel like what you say it's so amazing
I don't even know where I'll just be
walking on my just I was thinking of the
photos yeah yeah this looks amazing
wait do like this like you open up your
hands at a school let me go a bit
further back so they can see come to the
middle of the circle but okay let's go
yeah I'm now shot all right let me go
further the better they can see the
tunnels off do it why would I I'm
exploring the place for you guys I think
they have like loads are not sure what
these are I think they're like exclusive
wine type of thing
then we have this place my sister was
just snapchat you know Instagram game
strung out here some cool doors over
there I don't think I'm allowed so I'm
not the neighbor mother time to go back
to our dinner look at that
these fish are huge okay that wasn't a
very good time yes that's its vlogging
time as we literally we're actually
going to come at night for wait dinner
lunch what's that night I don't know and
then we thought yeah coz had my hair
done in the morning and it was gonna be
very difficult to stay tuned like this
is so cool like this huge dome type of
thing what okay that's but that's name
the fish I found lemo I haven't even
heard okay let's go back and sit here
tada
yes we order of food right now we got
the starter and it's like a something
like a soothing stop crap I think funny
faster so you can see it here sorry I'm
going to try you mind but uh yeah so far
so good
beautiful right so we're going to get
down to eat it alright guys I've come
back and I need to go to the toilet so I
was like why not show you guys good
toilets and these type of places on or
me off the roof okay alright no one is
in here
thank God because I can block the light
or that you know just just gold gold
things normal casual we're really needed
if everything's mine in there I know you
guys are gonna kill me out of that look
at your voice swag
I didn't go to toilet and I'll be back
because I think our food should be here
by numbers I came to take photos on my
mom and we've been taking them for quite
a while so yeah see going back now
there's my mom taking some self is this
is so nice walk through imagine having
this like at your house time to go back
mommy did you get some nice photos all
right let's go
the sea rats got here guys
from there to see us guys for main
courses alright as you can see I ordered
the cpython sea bass right
it's a crusted like salt crust around it
you can see there is the fell apart and
those are the signs which come with it
it tastes really vicious I'm enjoying
okay so we change seats my mama says
they could get the better of you
hey Lydia look at the vibration guys to
you happy birthday to you happy birthday
happy birthday to you if it alright
thank you
there's the birthday cake eyes huh
okay cut the cake go go cut the cake
sorry I just cut it you know for a
second I thought dollars chocolates here
around it but it's just like some
reflects things and the first bite goes
to you nice is it all chocolate so
chocalate mom try some isn't it it's
very nice chocolate when you love cake
guys I turn this off my sister's cake
orig alarm
uh I got roses too and finally the bill
guys anyways guys were on our way out
you had our dinner we're going home
finally she got it overages in my mind
as well okay time to take some lost
photos from our sister I grabbed it for
the back one second here you go boom
alright I think that's good let's go
there take your check just check out to
a good phone okay so while I'm starting
to I wanted to quickly explain what this
is now I asked about it and apparently
cuz the way we got here let me go and
show you before I show you this so the
way we got here was over here you can
see this is the elevator that we came up
and down with so it's like this really
nice golden elevator
however this we used to be I think it's
under renovation now but it used to be a
submarine I know how like it sounds it
sounds like wow like really but yeah it
used to be a submarine that brought you
here I don't know how it worked exactly
what she said you'd get in it in the
lobby then it brings you here but for
now the way while this is under
renovation they have like this really
nice golden elevator type of thing here
and this really cool lounge but yeah
super awesome we're about to leave my
office very quickly checking themselves
already enjoy that look at this what is
this I'm guessing Louis XIII
some cool champagne type of thing oh
yeah super nice place super awesome I
think my mouse has had a great time and
they like the pictures they took which
looked really awesome and we're gonna go
now
okay last shot guys I went to a toilet
and now it's time to leave
oh yeah
let's go okay we're aspyn the upstairs
look at the view this place it's amazing
I paid that place which I showed you is
now closed but you can see the water
show is going on and yeah it's time to
go home though this is literally my
favorite part about for the labs this
little show they have on the first floor
looks super cool let's just walk around
let me show you out look at look at that
that's like look I don't even know how
big that is that's huge we also have
like the aquariums going next to the
elevator so you walk over and show you
guys
I'll show you better we're going to go
down but it's like okay you can't really
see over there but like you can see over
there there's a huge aquarium then
that's the lobby downstairs PS I forgot
to show you this room really cool place
and by the way everything you see here
is gold like gold-plated I think I'm not
too sure exactly so all of this gold so
it's not like just pee it's actually
gold you know datums I'm not sure is it
gold or gold plated but it is gold for
sure
okay we're on our way downstairs awesome
we're about to pass by the aquarium as
well and at the reception area and it's
super nice also they this is a little
aquarium our party by now we're just
gonna take a couple photos you know
birthday girl number one
yeah let's go here ready three two on
okay the cars parked right here with an
Aventador which is really awesome we
want to actually take a buggy to go
halfway through the bridge so we can
take some photos so let's see if they
have one available they were making our
way to take some nice bows guys
all right the car is turned on ready to
leave now let's go guys we have a really
nice Aventador next to us and yeah that
is the end of watch alarm
so we're on our way home now that is the
end of my sister's birthday for today
anyways and my mother don't forget my
mum it was also observed a day and
you're bossing my pretty nice areas
across is green
palm trees are green Azhar and the Sun
is out today but once we are home I'm
not sure what we're going to be doing
today and they reminded previously I
have to see about that one too sure yet
but hopefully did enjoy the blow duxelle
now as it was a lot different for many I
was out like a special occasion today
just hit the light but if you did enjoy
it now see what they get
all right so if I do hope guys I'm going
to go inside I'm so sick today it's
ridiculous my sister's going to park up
I will see you once we're doing anything
else so peace my nose is just killing me
hopefully you like that little
acceleration thing we did with the
Corvette which much this they put it on
automatic peace anyways you guys are
gonna wrap up the vlog today you know
with my beautiful Mother's birthday oh
hopefully you guys enjoyed the vlog
sorry I got sick I'm just going to wrap
up here try to be as positive as well
and I hope you as positive as possible
if you did enjoy today's long you must
stop I didn't see the race we did the
street race I'm not sure I put in here
it was like it was a restrictor it was
like a little acceleration but if you
did enjoy today's look make sure to
smash the like button
ah see you got some more your score
hopefully I feel better younger Yolo
goodbye
