good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so I'm currently outside start in
the morning here just came in fed Toby
flaw he would have food really quick but
yeah the reason I'm out here with him is
cuz we put food out for him in the
morning but apparently the other cat
came and ate it so we just came again
and put some food out but our garden
actually is starting to look so full
nowadays like they came and put loads
more plants can you see that it looks
like a rain forest out here actually
quite like it so yeah it's actually
improving which is a good thing I'm
gonna go inside I'll see you later Toby
hopefully you enjoyed that food
well yeah great start to the day so it's
actually quite funny today has been the
third day I've actually spray-painted
these again mum should I put the paper
in with it as well should I leave the
paper should I leave the paper outside
or in the bathroom okay so let's just
put these alone in the bathroom so my
cats don't tear it up let's put it right
here into the small bathroom over here
and close the door I'm planning on
making a video with this gingerbread man
and I'm not too sure exactly what its
gonna be
but I need a couple of things for us
like the cooking equipment so me and my
mom are gonna leave now to buy some let
me go through so yeah let's go and do
some shopping for The Cooking Channel I
don't think I'm gonna post on The
Cooking Channel in your look at I got
like how badly he looks at me that's the
other cat hey what's up oh wait what did
I do
but yeah let's go do some shopping so we
can have this stuff ready at home in
case I ever want to make anything cool I
really want to do loads more cooking
things I've just never really got the
time to do it
let's just go stock up so whenever I do
have the time I can just quickly do it
without needing to go buy anything
I remember how hard it used to be for me
to cover these now I can do them so
easily all right so we're just going to
get some food coloring so we can color
the cake up a little bit so I want blue
red and yellow
I think yellow do they have white or now
we don't need white because cream is
white all right we're done now let's
leave everything is complete
Wow I'm so hot you know it's funny this
guy actually looks like a bulldog if you
see him why do you run so much this is
pretty much everything I got the cooking
equipment the coloring the cream and the
Smarties and obviously the stuff we're
going to cook in we're not going to do
today today we're like a teaser day but
leave me suggestions of things you think
I could make so I'll give you an idea
something like a pokum bull cake or
something really cool I'm not even sure
well can we do like a youtuber or
something I don't know I can do my face
so leave me any suggestions of cool
things so not ones I said anything else
that like I don't know about that's
really cool and you guys think you can
make a cake off the yet I'll see you
guys once we start heading out to
Chinatown if we do go we're pretty much
going right now like 20 minutes
hopefully i just opened a pack of moe
teasers which i had lying around they
were closed and look inside them they
look like snowballs I'm not sure if
they're voldie what do cold is like what
is that I don't even know like literally
look inside it there is no way I'm
eating that gosh is so weird how did
that happen but they turned white um mom
Jonah Seema Maltesers yes why
I literally have no idea
Oh bubbles yachts huh yeah yeah pyrenees
confused all right time to show my
sister you wanna see i want a golden
ticket my okay guess how they look like
I bet you'll never guess are you ready
uh-huh
they're like snowflakes exact they are
literally snowflake zip I dare you to
you won no the motor the molded
malteaser
middle of it Oh what the hell I'm not I
breathe near it because I'm saying yeah
it looks like it's fungus what Oh middle
of it I have a question how much would
you guys eat one of these four or eat
like five are how much should be five of
these four comment down below
alright I'm trying to light up this is
what your cool and lighting wait I'm
trying to get some lighting alright guys
or why is this not work anymore oh it's
burning me we're about to go to
Chinatown late at night Ivan bought
myself some lighting some night light
whoa thank you pretty cool whenever it's
nothing insulation I am going back to
Bob Foley's and the real wages to come
here as a kid
we're finally back here we actually
ended up paying for valet because we
couldn't find in any parking this is
actually the valet section right here
and you can see there's like loads of
parking which are empty let me have my
own but yeah it's pretty much you just
pay and you park your own car but you
get access to this area which has loads
of empty parking which is pretty cool so
let's go inside and do some shopping or
try and find something to buy a new
agent that's pretty cool
look at these ones these guys I didn't
like Pokemon are there we ran across a
store we're looking at different molds
for the cooking channel we're going
through
they've actually got pretty cool ones
there's like car ones you can see over
there so you can do like maybe a Lambo
one and other stuff I'm not too sure
what you use these for Jenny or
something this is like flour that's I
could call excuse me what is used for
like jelly I was a geeky okay it won't
like when you put it in the oven will it
not burn oh okay miss you wanted that to
happen oh oh 230 degrees that's cool
right
Oh boys it you cook you can put it
upside down
oh that's cool uh-huh I ended up getting
the molds for the cars and yeah that's
pretty much it but there's loads of cool
stuff I might come back there to grab
the other stuff I just want to make your
cake at the moment or some jellies and I
thought this would be the coolest one
maybe like drawn it with some icing so
yeah trying to find Internet here
because the connection is kind of weak
but we stopped by this coffee shop we're
just gonna have some coffee to take a
small break also that Wi-Fi I think you
can do by far
yes ma'am did it it did it you know
you're so zoomed in right now unboxing
time it looks pretty cool right
do you reckon you can like my hot
chocolate game got a cool little
butterfly shape my mom's game but hers
is like a heart and then my sister's is
like some cream I think I need to go by
myself as safe Charles how much they are
right be right back hey close the door
close the door close the door first guys
but this you can hide in this this is a
how much now hi visit I'll have is it
this is 450 kilograms it's fireproof I
think bulletproof bomb-proof everything
proof and it's huge right look at the
size of my sister compared to this she
can literally fit in there so if anyone
comes to rob you you can just stand in
there I found myself a chandelier vines
but we have two cats
and then there all the crystals would go
around the place that is awesome you
have no idea where we're going now the
stores are all closed down so we came a
bit late it's currently like Court 11 I
think everywhere closes at 11 but
they're all like starring closed up
which ways the car there yet again that
is concluded our Chinatown adventures
I'm so confused like we saw so many cool
things and we bought nothing they come
they look they buy nothing they were you
looking at stuff that didn't even make
sense they're looking at beds we have
beds at home why are we looking at bed
when they see anything cool they look
around obviously like normal people why
we so cool sakes and she's the one
driving my right leg the leg that I'm
using to do the punch shift and
everything was a cool dude I compact the
pad shift look what's a pen shift please
no rest light
darn you red light nobody cares about me
yes we know no one in the comment
section cares about you either they all
say oh I wish Lana is not in these
videos she's so annoying
Lana's cocoa powder was so dumb Stalin
would drive Mira I'm getting tired so
yeah if anybody wants to drive long
around just details below comment down
and yeah we're hiring here I can just
sit in the backseat
around that we saw yeah and I can just
imagine sitting in my Bugatti with four
drivers and you know it's not gonna
happen okay so the first thing I do with
these is make ice cubes like huge huge
ice cubes let's go ahead and fill them
up I was like good oh look I'm doing
this is going to take a long time to
fill up no the patella median one
meeting for the middle one day I might
hop at the middle one because I don't
need coal right now oh oh my aching
yahoo a skinny almost any other fact me
ha spilling it everywhere I was spitting
everywhere please why don't you just put
more and put it in look there's
everything on I did I can do it
completely wrong my eyes can't when his
bubblin whole seating for your garage in
your budget or grams are you sick from
here Oh
okay yeah yeah that's all you should put
this in the freezer then put water in it
please their owners going for it before
we use more MORE this is like the work I
can talk for talk more it won't look I
swear you're actually the worst at this
Oh rainy you try it then is it in there
yeah yeah very good
after losing about like five years of
war are we finally gonna in yeah you
don't think now we need to clean up
useless no you you're the woman yeah she
will hit you with that that's angry
that's angry face really I'm trying to
go no that's not even docile what are
you trying to do
are you trying to break your subscribers
heads or what is that okay what I don't
know what is this are you happy or angry
can you make up your emotions alright I
made a huge mess I need to go get the oh
there we go
I need to go get the I don't know why
it's called what do you call these
things the mop I need to get the mop
from the toilet clean up what are you
doing are you trying to say that you are
I don't know what is that lot are you
dirty clothes no why are you seeing in
the dirty blood see my legs first okay
that's a great excuse
anyways da da da letter letter
hey can you hold my camera please please
hold my camera please please just hold
it and he's got wait you're holding the
camera so big I'm sorry are you drunk
I was looking at Lobos sanity enjoy
today's video smash alike buddy you
think it should be her job to be things
max are you shouting at all the camera
anymore
bubbles you you're to start the show now
no he deserves to be in the camera
people who talk rubbish because you're
talking bad stuff about me okay sorry I
say I'll end it on me okay guys if you
enjoyed the videos next one fun be able
to see tomorrow P sub W to school or
your school and yet Yolo ambition
bring oh you guys yellow yellow piece
oxy boom boom oh yeah PS what you just
watched it was my sister's idea an outro
amazing
