hi guys mo here welcome to another vlog
that's a different outro for once so if
you guys watched yesterday's video where
I spray-painted my shoes
I actually took them out now that
they're dry and I realized I made a
mistake with something nothing too
serious it wasn't really a mistake I
just didn't finish off the shoes so
there you go I forgot to spray paint
these parts the soles or whatever
because I had them tucked in yesterday
like that when I was repainting and I
forgot to do them so now today when I
pulled them out I was going to say what
and then it kind of flopped but yeah I
was going to lace them up but instead I
think I need to apply spray paint on
this section and it will be completely
finished so that is that today we just
actually realized the gym near us we
thought it was like a random gym but
it's actually a fitness first so we
might start going there who knows
because I have the fitness versed
vouchers because I sometimes go with the
voucher type of system it's like you buy
bow just like 10 times then you just use
them one at a time but this isn't taking
be used to get ready there's my mum
she's also ready let's see them you're
struggling because of a bag are you
wearing these on a leopard print I ran
this on ok
no let's go
I did not like my bag all right
walls is austere the lazy queen is
finally ready to go to the gym she's in
her tent finally everybody is out I'm
ready to go to the gym what is that bag
you're wearing a men's gym bag that's
mine the bag there's no such thing
Jackie look we have the guy sleeping
under our thing
whoa I think that's a low cc bike that
is awesome
I want one all right let's go oh wait no
open your view please open your boot
open your boot so half the day it's on
the radio furthermore I'm gonna mother
my number now money whenever not my
mobile number now it's not a thing I
must spend my money person a god damn it
so we actually don't know where the
Fitness first is so we just have to find
the closest one to us I guess that's the
way forward
all right we've kind of found our way
and this area that's exactly like ours I
literally it's identical so hopefully we
find the gym with no problem at all
should be somewhere straight then left
somewhere around there and not too sure
exactly where now we just need to look
for parking letting our Fitness first
all right so we're here at the gym we
just quickly came to check out the
outdoor pool I thought I was about to
hit a gloss yeah let's go and actually
work out now so first exercise up is
squatting
how many kilograms is that 20 it is a
warm-up is it good like is it decent
it's not too hard
all right next up I'm going to be doing
this so you know your boy is going to
pop an extra 2 kgs on that I'm joking
how many you're gonna do 10 all right I
saw you've done more than 10 already I
just got a
9 and last on 10 I put it back up
was it good yo yo this is bad what are
you doing here
hi my turn was it good
be careful none take the way up no just
take it on I finished on set just take
our honesty you take all my 20kg
Dennard is happy
don't wait you're gonna fit this and I
didn't you okay go 3q1 bicep why should
I think I've done this isin
to be honest I'm not going to do squat
to anymore I think I'm going to move on
to some bicep curls I'm ready for to
squat and it's just not my exercise so
I'm just going to leave it to her I'll
try and spot if she needs any help
you're going good one two more one and
you're done
my son that was hit me you know
be careful huh
stuffing should open out your hands a
little bit more so turn to do the
exercise I'm not that that's what is
cool okay try Roger try come just want
you okay I'm gonna go listen I'm gonna
go the opposite side okay there you go
yeah
like good okay you don't need my help
right okay go yeah just drop it up
quickly comp on it okay so pre okay like
an exercise it was good though
honey are you gonna do 2052 I go for it
okay
what the hell is that I swear I think I
drink I shut it down to the stretches
like my back is killing me right now
all right passing the ball huh I can
wait it's slow
all right I don't really like the
machine or whatever that is I'm not
going to do it but you can enjoy her
yeah it's hard right
I told you it's so shaky okay don't do
it before you injure yourself you know
what the hell is this
what are you doing this is it you should
put some intense music on this make it
look like it you don't want the
motivational speeches one girl one
mission to be the best body builder in
the world hold we've given up and we're
coming outside the pool is actually Wow
is it the day empty or did everyone
sleep word of advice to you guys never
do a workout that girl is doing because
you were probably injure yourself like I
followed her with her back and butt or
whatever exercise it was and now I've
got an injury in my lower back oh it
hurts so bad I had to stop but this is a
coffee shop Wow they actually have
accomplished let's go have some tea
um here here okay but yeah word of
advice never do girls workout you're
going to injure yourself okay wait no no
no you have to go up from our nose it's
closed off here all right
actually I think you have to fully leave
and then come back in but this is pretty
quiet I just like the viewer fear right
the simple looks really nice yeah and
then it's got a thing
Casta inside it I think you need to
leave the gym and then come around we
are home finally wait
yep we're home yeah there's a Ferrari
four five eight there we need to see oh
boot shopping in the Ferrari yeah
so we said adios to the gym and instead
we've come to buy some food literally
I'm starving after that small little gym
session it was a big attempt that gym
but you know the three of us are now
gonna buy some food to just make our
bellies figure you guys know that I
collect lighters or you should know that
anyways I'm gonna add these two to my
collection one is this is the one under
it this one's actually pretty cool it
says I want flesh on it it's like this
Halloween design one and then the second
one a but that is just like a really
long black one and it's like kind of
golden so I think those two would be a
decent addition I know it's just a big
ones and I normally collect Zippo ones
but I want to have some normal eyes as
well I don't just collect all these like
fantasy ones they should add a couple
dollar ones in the collection and these
look pretty cool since I did go to the
gym I decided I'd have some homemade
food it's like chicken nuggets I guess
it's fried still better than having food
from outside it's just a bit healthier
staying on that regime I know I do too
much by literally I think I pulled
something in my back doing either in the
squads or that back machine so again I'm
saying this like the hundredth time
don't listen to girls just don't do
their exercises guys state your state
your own exercises I don't know what I
was thinking about I let me just follow
my sister do her exercises and now I
feel like a bad fat but yeah
oh this looks so delicious I'm loving
this hi I'm gonna eat and then continue
the log thanks mum look at my new layer
whoo
look at that I know for those asking I
do not smoke I just like liars that's it
wait why is she buying my shoe she's
sneezing on it he's spreading germs on
my death night sure what the hell I
swear she just won't let go of my shoe
today look at her
I bet you she's gonna like tear it up by
tomorrow I'm not leaving this outside
tonight yeah let me let me let me and
then BAM I let me give that proper
poncho ah I've got a bit of armpit stink
I need to get rid of yeah left hand -
all right all right I'll back off our
back ah ah that is that the confidence
booster she needed it let me let my but
uh that's this yo man that's okay cut
god this is your girl is this your girl
no you you're yeah that was a disgusting
thing red
she's so spoiled man I'd leave her let
let her go truth get in your room leave
my shoes alone she stopped like that
no she's literally stuck you know it's
late at night I completely forgot about
this until now but thankfully our
efforts are let's go to the cobbles No
Oh No
all right I kind of messed the shoes up
I actually liked them I don't know why
the kind of blue spray is giving it a
kind of design but I'm gonna let these
dry till tomorrow that is the finished
project I'm not going to push them in I
was going to show you how it looks like
but it might mess it up but you did
enjoy me making this shoe smash light
but if you did enjoy us going to the gym
also smash like button and yet leave
suggestions of things I could create in
the future because I really love doing
stuff like this anyways for now see you
guys they are yelling you're low peace
