okay I've tried the smaller practically
guys at the beginning of this video
basically what's going to go down is my
mom and sister still haven't seen this
video I'm going to quickly show you you
guys are seen it a long a couple days
ago so this is the vlog they haven't
seen and I want to see if they're going
to get scared when they see that so
let's try I forgot to mention when I
came to prank my older sister my mom
found out so she got involved on the
prank
you got more fun with you
shitman so he does everything I can
I was here forwarded you to drive a you
okay it's all going to be sensitive it's
such a little thing you mind if I see
that video you like it any guys loves it
okay oh it's okay it's okay just just
let the vlog watch it huh this is what
my sister said but yet if you think team
or one again second prank in a row the
reaction was perfect on my half I just
saw a bit the session like button Timo
wouldn't wear your squad and we'll see
you guys next time
deuces
