good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so around 10 days ago you guys know
my Lamborghini got scratched now there
it's a scratch as you can see but today
is finally the day we're heading out to
the police station in just about like 10
minutes when my sister comes down and I
just want to clear up what happened kind
of just a bit now maybe a bit once we
get back so the person responsible for
the scratch did get cool and they had to
deal with the funds so putting doubt the
way yeah we did not pay for it because
obviously whoever does it adds
responsible for what they did and they
had to pay for it or they had to get the
funds for it so that is that so you guys
know no we did not pay for it wasn't
coming out of our pockets whoever did it
had to pay for it obviously and number
two now we're just going to the police
station just to collect the funds
obviously and that is that so I'm gonna
go there for a store everything out and
then I think we'll be better to talk
from there so I know exactly what's
going down from now all right that
sounds like a plan yeah let's go
tomorrow I don't know all right so we're
kinda next to the police station let's
go finish this once and for all and yeah
we'll be back at home very shortly I
feel so tired even though it's half-past
one like I've recently been sleeping so
long I told you this I guess that I'm
becoming lazy
so come on Mohammed slap out of it you
need hey I know I think that I can pick
ponder when everyone doesn't want to go
and I was a huge part over here you see
that I kind of went past it sorry
let's go people let's go all right
but we are finally home everything got
sorted out we got the fee for this like
what it is to fix this so but I also
want to say something in regards I know
all of you keep asking all more where is
the CCTV footage and there's one reason
I'm not going to show it just because
number one if I did show everything
would be blurred out and you wouldn't
see anything and number two yeah if I
didn't blow it out it's not nice and
you're not even supposed to do it so
instead of me not showing you I'll just
reenact it for you guys and I'll show
you what it looks like on the CCTV oh
yeah
alright I've tried to zoom it in on the
recording from our TV you're gonna go
see me outside now and I'm going to
reenact it all for you guys hopefully
it's not too zoomed in and you can kind
of see I'm not missing out soft edges
but yeah I'll see you guys outside but
you're gonna see me here peace
alright guys that was so embarrassed you
guys also I cover your coastal road is
all but that is pretty much what
happened enough with the comments that's
pretty much exactly what happened in a
less funny way the guy came pulled out a
key scratch the car and left that is it
hopefully you enjoyed the situation was
a bad situation stuff like this happens
but yeah let's continue the day and
enough with this situation
peace alright my mom is currently going
on a ladies night out I'll see you soon
why you sleep in oh my god stop flipping
sleeping
good morning kitty so my mom is finally
done with her friends she told me should
be done with him like an hour looking
pretty much night now it's darkening up
but finally I'm gonna go pick her up
she's literally in our areas she's at
the shops the ones you always go to
that's where she stopped by a thing she
was gonna do some food shopping or
something I don't have the key for the
door oh my god we're gonna be using a
secret passageway
there's another door yes I can't go go
go good good good good good go go go
yeah lock that I think you did
Oh problems man
there we go nice alright let's go pick
my bum up it's actually not that dark I
thought it was a bit darker but we're
gonna go with this car imagine we should
do like a three-person Lambo drive can
three people sit in a Lamborghini like a
nut and when you don't fit okay I'll see
you later buddy
you get fixed one day we're gonna fix
you soon the car scratch poor guys got
like a wounded look at the perks of
having a small bag as my sister says I
put it in a cup holder the bag fits you
come over there well yeah she's
literally been addicted to this ever
since my mom got it for her birthday
she's been using it every Riley
tradition something around a school bag
ever
yeah I factor like big must be Donnie
problem with that I like my bags but my
shoulder is getting really like that's
how you know she a wimp out here man she
got even lifter I don't put your bag in
front of my leg man this is annoying oh
my god oh my god okay I was gonna get up
but there's mommy moe
the celebrity oh my god no no I'm
recording now
all right there is my mom she finally
came home she was gonna abandon us but
yeah sure that okay maybe I should go
home to my kids now
I was lady like she told me at two
o'clock I'll be back in an hour it's
like a o'clock now
and I just saw my mother but ya know got
a glock in my rari 70 shots no 38
alright so instead of going to the mall
which I was initially going to go to
instead we decided to go to some local
shops and see what they have I want to
see do they have spray paint anything of
that sort I don't know I really want to
cuss them out stuff I saw some guy on
YouTube slave paint his swegway I'm not
sure if I do that to mine we'll just
have to see but I really do wonder like
actual and a half spray paint just in
case I want to customize some stuff so
I'll try and grab a couple of colors if
they do you have any we'll just have to
see so yeah let's go I got escaped
that's not something this is so bad for
me
I just taste so good tastes so good
which is bad for me I'm just a skater
boy she said see you later boy vampires
are not for me what up what up
are you more vlogs mom are you that lady
that got whooped in basketball of her
I'm so lazy I mean look at her she just
she's not she's not putting in the mouth
effort that I am look at my effort
compared to my mom I'm so green right
now she's algae
I know skateboarding from life we
actually found a pet store near our area
we never knew about which is pretty cool
we're just looking around literally I
it's two minutes away from us all we
never knew even existed that's pretty
cool you'd actually come here for
bobbles and key because we always go far
to get their stuff so we can come right
here and buy everything we need spray
paint anybody anybody spray paint no I
feel like if it was anywhere we should
find other areas
okay now I want to get a couple colors
these are actually very cheap as well
that's great okay sure take all of them
oh one of each yeah that's so awesome
I'm so happy we actually found the
spray-paint and they're literally the
colors I wanted I wanted black and blue
now I'll just get the gray and white
just in case but that's awesome yeah
joining it for or is that too much
nothing yeah we'll get four so let's put
it all on here
there we go gray and white and then
finally my favorite color blue let's
push it I can't even lie I literally
went and got this trolley this is the
cutest Rolly ever like it's tiny that
look at that and you can even hold it
from here I've never seen that before
both shout at this company or this place
now he came to look at the trolley so
small look at this trolley in comparison
to my mom like it's tiny look at that
it's less than her knees we're done with
the shopping we actually put back the
gray spray-paint I thought I don't
really need it so these are the three
main colors I'm taking a white black and
blue
but these funnies you can push into each
other alright it's time to go mom why'd
you look confused home is like 1 billion
miles that way so I'll see you in a
couple hours let me go show my sister or
my spray paint
guess what three colors I got my
straight let me not show you
guess what three colors just three
colors every single one you get right
I'll turn one of your dollars into one
hundred dollars with my amazing magic so
guess I got three different spray paints
three so guess the colors um black white
yellow green or is it three little black
boy yellow is like a white and yellow no
I got black the wire believe I said
cheated I said I feel like you somehow
still the black and white no I know
nobody yeah and I get black white yellow
Desai Radner I saw the reflection of you
I guess how much they were each guess
guess guys I think you guys know but
guests as well yeah you guys definitely
know unless you weren't paying attention
no five Durham's that is actually show
sick I wouldn't go by like hundreds of
thousands of spray-paints I told them if
they want they should comment down below
and we can do like a canvas painting
with these G now to join you give it a
try spray paint canvas painting
yeah I told them if nothing yeah if
enough people call it down we'll mask
you up we'll go outside and put like in
canvas so you definitely liked this
video and make sure to comment down
below cuz like likes kind of show you
want it so comments you can you actually
yeah why not yeah spray-painting the
roof of a car let's go Lamborghini
rapping time man let's go imagine I saw
that video we go viral people spray
paint their own Lamborghini that would
be so amazing no I wouldn't it wouldn't
turned out get out oh you have drip
marks turns out good I'm worried about
em stay yeah obviously will stay awake
I'm off no no come on whatever chip salt
or or something back in no we're never
gonna flip in spray paint our
Lamborghini everyone's awesome oh wait
wait sorry your head was cut off go
ahead oh thanks a lot anyways I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's look hopefully
you enjoyed leave us any other
suggestions I've missed out to do with
these I said swegway even iphonedo don't
comment now - I'm not gonna do it yet
but yeah let us know or let me know
watch and do with these and yeah I'll
try my best for now smash the like
button I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video peace out yo yo yo your squad I'll
see you guys next time
