good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today I'm wearing my other J's I'm
joking
I wearing formal shoes to that I don't
know why just put them on we're quickly
going out you know with the fam well
it's that noise yeah I think that's not
asking big stuff but yeah we still need
to take this guy out you know we were
going to actually like I don't know when
we went for a mail was it like a couple
days ago we're going for mail again
literally I don't know what it is my
sister's waiting for but whoever it is
what company is just just send it by now
he's taking me to the mail station for
three days and she still doesn't know
til now that I've given up a pure box oh
yeah love but yet we need to quickly go
to the mill and see what's up there I
think we're on our way to end about
Tudor more we haven't been to but look
adapt we're eating the Metro we're
reaching the Metro is going we're going
oh that guy be the white car we go as
fast as that guy give the slowest driver
ever look oh we go up we caught up to
the metro uh he's gonna stop there yep
we were Street waste Metro versus Range
Rover complete alright well we are now a
tip about Tudor it's a ball you guys
have never seen so it should be fun guys
look at that building pretty cool it
actually kind of looks like a lantus but
it's not ooh
pyramids ooh ooh
okay so we're passing by the Chinatown
area here you can see like they have
nice things but we're trying to actually
find an entrance and a more mum where is
it
it's that way alright alright as I was
saying we're passing by like the little
Chinese Chinatown area of the mall you
can see it's got all the decorations and
yeah oh yeah also up there you can see
got the little Chinese lights and stuff
but we finally found an entrance which
is pretty cool so let's go and tour this
mall
that looks pretty cool what's up you see
that okay let go okay guys look at this
look at that crazy scenery yeah I'm
gonna go take a floor there you go it's
just as quickly getting I take a picture
look at that door holy moly that looks
amazing
wait wait I'm trying to go back maybe I
can get you I take it take your hands up
like this we have come here before so
it's not the first time but the first
time we're showing you on gloves so
hopefully you enjoy all right no that's
that's a 60 what great one say let me
let me walk around and show you okay how
about that guys look at that looks
pretty awesome right
yeah I did I should have everything I
want to go buy some things leg are you
ready yeah we can I guess what is this
is that Tomatoes no sprinkle but one
imagine having dad's a guitar dad you
sick all right let's go by the way
that's the cinema I want to go but my
sister hates movies so yeah blame her
I'm sitting on this leg collecting by
this huge boat I know the water noise is
gonna be a lot but okay I'm going to be
relaxing here kicking my feet back why
is it your turn signal all right I'm
gonna quickly hop off and take it for my
sister so yeah okay is it selfie time
all right fine fine she doesn't even
need my help Wow wait I want to touch
the water I'm not sure you wanna see
something kind of spooky guys hey come
here look at this because I am Isis I
haven't seen this look at
like a little toy with his huge head and
it's kind of creepy but nice alright
guys I'm not too sure I tried on this
Red Hat I want to go for a red hat I
don't actually have any Red Hat but this
one I don't think it sued me
I wore it already so if the clip didn't
come out nicely I'm sorry alright we're
done at the store but look at the name
modules sporting goods you know your
boys are model out here you know look I
don't know why you came into the shop
it says models more in good because you
know eyebrows on fleek
we're trotting across stuff I ordered
myself a really nice chocolate doughnut
you see it when he gets to us my sister
sitting there alone
and be my mama we're discreetly watching
what's on let's go let's go oh my god oh
my god you got a pink straw for that you
got the wrong drink
you know that nest again so how did you
see Charlie get caught no I don't want
any one would be for me
one for Mom one for you I want
subscribers this is an impersonation of
my sister sir
acacia you know okay I'm gonna sir
what's that sir happy birthday to you
happy birthday happy birthday dear Lana
happy birthday to you just there is
embarrassed okay maybe I got a gift for
you so I gonna see are you okay
let's bring out let's bring out the
money here that's me oh my god oh my god
Oh
happy birthday but look I got you a
daughter back at this Chinatown section
I'm going to turn the camera and show
you well yeah that's pretty cool right I
think it's a restaurant in like the
Chinatown area okay I'm not sure why you
guys coming here this isn't the way home
hi apparently is the way home look at
that that is pretty nice passing by more
like the Chinese huts and stuff and the
little ponds they have apparently this
we could have come this way as well but
I can't see the car so I'm not too sure
this is why I don't drive guys look at
my sister she just sits and doesn't like
she doesn't even blog for me doesn't fit
up no yeah yeah now now that I caught
you skipping sitting with your feet up
yeah I thought oh wow great vlog amazing
again we're about to head Bob mo didn't
let me walk around the mall to do some
shopping
all right talk so I said to the audience
that you don't under us go hang out and
that what's your point
see you photo shrinks I'd talk to them
on shakes I'm done okay
should we read the wrong way dammit
we're not going no no I'm not City you
know what I was okay I'll listen to you
for once or not Robert oh yeah yeah we
got the wrong road okay
vlogs you saw that see you saw what she
said go out that way and nope we were
supposed to go the other way so whose
fault is that not mine okay I was going
straight you said go right mo go right I
didn't know what the problem is you
that's the problem I was too engaged
with the blogging that my brain does
again I keep dropping my phone wait wait
let's do karaoke Oh what happened I
broke something
you work to see poet could have handled
it okay wait kid I'm a gummy bear yes
tell me funny lucky gummy bear
I just saw salt look yeah yeah alright
let's go home I'm feeling carsick their
driving skills I mean I'm like a boat a
boat boat a boat oh no you know what he
does he goes like like he excited and
then he goes like this is like I had
like keep smacking this seat like this
and I'm telling them that their belly
keeps going like this
look I know why is doing now a Taoist or
person honestly I like you don't know my
brother's just my
is high so you just got home and I
realized how bent my sister parked the
Lambo look at that can you tell wait one
sec so this is straight and look at the
cars this way if you've realized next to
these two but who cares I'm about to go
out bubbles won't stop complaining I
wanted to show you what's up on my
internet today okay watch this yeah look
how long it's taking to upload my video
I'm not sure if you can see 895 minutes
it's uploaded 2% that is more than 10
hours that's like 14 hours to upload one
video I'm gonna just leave it on for now
gonna come home and just restart my
internet I don't know why it's spiking
up by thing I'm taking my swaggy way I'm
gonna just do I need a bit of chocolate
I'm like come on
there's no chocolate at home so I'm
taking my Segway and yeah I'm going on
my mom to buy some chocolate and just to
take a little walk even though I'm using
this right way go time let's go oh yeah
oh yeah boys let's go time Lego bubble
what do you think about this gobble all
right I've got a new idea let's put one
foot on the Segway one for the
skateboard you see that Oh
oh my god is actually working oh my god
oh oh okay no - you hurt I was going
into splits and I couldn't stop it
PS I decided not to take the swegway
instead of taking the skipping-rope
my mum's walking and I'm just getting so
lazy so I'm taking this and I might just
skip like occasionally on the way all
right let's go the rocky up here you
know rocky
I've got an idea I'm going to try and
skip all the way to my shop so let's
start a journey let's go alright so it
wasn't all the way to the supermarkets
the only reason I came back was because
okay as I was saying the only reason I
came back was because I don't think my
mom was going to keep up with my
skipping runny and to be honest I was
going to get tired anyway so we'll see
you guys to buy some chocolate so ironic
we're exercising to go to get some
chocolate
da da da dun dun dun up to down doctor I
feel like a champion I uploaded my video
on time I wanted to show you this so I'm
not showing you guys you I had this I
actually did an unboxing off this
microphone on my gaming channel it's
actually a really good microphone a blue
Yeti let's try and unbox it here on
camera oh so heavy here is the
microphone itself guys it's kind of like
wrapped up at the moment
let me put out for you guys so you can
see what I mean but this is how it works
boom so here is my studio microphone
I can't wait literally to have my proper
gaming self back again so you can see
it's kind of becoming a setup I've got
you know canoer
couple of things here then we've got the
blue Yeti microphone all I need is a
little webcam and then I'll have a full
game restart although I don't think it's
going to be sharp here I'm just trying
to test out things I literally my
computer doesn't have Wi-Fi don't worry
I'm planning on getting a new computer
it doesn't have Wi-Fi but I have a USB
which lets it have Wi-Fi okay I'm not
sure if I'm making sense but the USB
doesn't work so I can't use Wi-Fi at the
moment on the computer I have to either
go get another USB or get a computer
which I'm planning on doing I always say
it's soon but like I'm just so lazy I'm
sorry it's ever nothing happens as soon
as you wish but anyways guys I just
gonna take a shower and I ate my food so
time for dessert oh my god
all right let's try to have a bit
because I'm just going to have one
probably because they're kind of big
like each one is kind of big yes I know
you're thinking what's happening boom
what is this what is this this is pretty
much my hair outside my hat when I take
a shower and I don't right put up
normally I'll have like a comb-over type
of style there you go it doesn't stay
though so when I shake you off you know
that is my natural hair so boom that is
something new for you guys I started
gaming channel my hair was much longer
than this but I think it's the last time
you're going to see it like this for now
anyways tomorrow I might be having your
hair cut not too short just going to put
out there but if you did enjoyed today's
video I'm actually just going to sit
here my mom's also here she's doing a
bit of her work and yeah we're just
gonna sit here and wrap up the night but
yeah as I said if you did enjoy today's
don't smash the like button I love all
your faces I will try and respond to a
lot of comments I'm just so busy
nowadays as I said I think I said I'm
busy without being busy I don't know
what it is for you I'll see you guys
tomorrow your squad yo yo for life
goodbye
bye bye oops I forgot yeah lay low stay
awesome
