yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo what is up my
beautiful people on the internet YouTube
whatever I'm saying I don't even know
anymore now here is the thing guys today
is about to be a super special vlog and
let me explain why
okay so right now I am actually heading
over to see my boy s1 and oh here is the
thing guys now the other day you guys
saw that he told us that he'd show us
the Royal Suite that is the most
expensive hotel room in the most
expensive hotel in Dubai that's a lot of
expensive than one ok so right now we
are going to go check out probably the
most luxurious hotel room we're ever
gonna see in our life
alright let's do this y'all yeah we got
something flat oh my god
basic you guys right now my boy s1 said
yo let's go and check out the Royal
Suite they have yes and they got a
special approvals more vlogs is in the
building
s1 we're gonna take you guys inside the
royal suite at the Burj Al Arab this is
over thirty thousand dollars a night
just guys come check it out are you
ready bro I'm ready I don't think you're
ready bro I'm ready guys welcome
oh my god
wow this is insane this doesn't even
look real
I've seen the photos online I didn't
know actually looks like this yeah
that's an elevator levator problem
thanks it's a master suite is this real
life right now okay so as you can see it
has right now we are inside the Royal
Suite this thing is insane it's my first
time ever shout out to my boy that's fun
croaking it up yeah let's go see what
what if the most expensive rooms looks
like so let's go left yes it's the Royal
Suite look at this this is insane right
you know you don't realize how luxury
you can actually live until you see it
this is it right here
they save some things money can't buy
they like there's like secret little
rooms here oh this is just a little back
there's there's more this way guys what
I even done here no no it's like a
cinema yes this is it this is the cinema
room private theater you don't like
stuff like this I don't like the look
cuz now the next time I'm out hotel
why is my no not like this I am NOT
making this up right now like I had no
idea were coming here guys this is like
such an unexpected visit yeah
a little surprise last-minute surprise
so let's let's show them the diamond
alright let's go this is the dining room
wow you must be joking you must be
joking bro how do you even eat on this
table I don't know like how would you
reach for food like what we've lost our
minds guys it's so beautiful we've lost
our minds bro I need to come here on my
mom and sister one day crazy guys yeah
this is really like incredible so we're
not even halfway through this over here
is like not there before this is your
office back to your bedroom you come to
your office back bathroom and it's all
her maids like can we just take one can
we just can we just take one of these
the ground floor alright let's do this
now I know why I'm single just taking a
tour of this place is like exhausting
yes your choice oh my god guys this is
insane I brought this is the master
bedroom
this is not the master this is a second
bedroom it's got a mirror on top
I wonder what that's for hahahaha what
is this yeah I think we might know
what this is a little cool but also a
little awkward so this is the queen
bedroom apparently it's not even the
master bedroom yeah I don't even know if
you guys can tell my excitement and less
go check out the bathroom bro who has
golden handles in the bathroom I might
even make this a video on its own
honestly it deserves it yeah the video
for itself that's it no vlog today we're
just doing the road seat
so you've been here before I have been
here before yes I've never stayed this
bad guys rotates so you're telling me
this bed turns around yes the bed is
actually rotating but now that that's
that's like a ride on its own I'm going
I'm guys this is am I gonna get taken
back in tonight guys I've never seen a
bed that rotates like bro and it's just
so much fun like I feel like this room's
spunk I know like you can have fun now
it's time to go to the master bedroom to
Hoyle it's okay I'm done I'm done you
get this room I want to say alright we
gucci i don't even know how we've been
walking around for 20 minutes and we
haven't stopped stepping like we've been
walking for 20 minutes we're literally
tired guys this is this is what we do
for you guys we try and show you the
best stuff and if you guys feel
depressed about your life don't worry
we're with you we're we're going to be
on there for soon we're gonna go back
home and cry a little bit right just a
little bit it's crazy it's like you have
your own living room your own bathroom
your own cinema room with what else you
need i'm actually genuinely happy
alright I'm genuinely happy that's
awesome bro I actually don't want to
leave that's the worst part right
like this is that why did you bring me
here there you go that is my bunny
penthouse it's time to leave goodbye to
the room sweet let's go guys so before
we leave my boy s1 said we need to see
what's down I are on the highest floor
I'm so scared I'm so scared oh my that
was insane yeah well think I'd shut out
to Burchell are for letting us come in
here and show more thanks guys normally
people aren't even allowed to see this
suite like this is the Royal Suite and
no one's a lot funny I thought so we got
the plug plug so right now we just
finished up at the hotel as you guys saw
you know I don't even know what to say
because there's nothing that can top
what we just saw anyways now that we're
done at the hotel right now I'm just
back at home and basically my boy s1 has
another surprise lined up so he told me
to come to dinner so I'm going to
quickly change up and I'll see you guys
once we make it to dinner I feel like
we're seeing you way too much naughty
screaming so I know Lana wait can we I
know Lana likes sweets so we're gonna
get her some sweets today okay yep
nothing for me oh you don't like
anything about the three - oh my god
guys what is this I know you like sweet
Wow
is this what you had planned why do we
get a wedding gate it's not a wedding
cake that brought the wedding cake I
mean it's the size of one yeah you're
right well how do we eat this bro
laughing cuz I've never seen a cake this
big in my life
Lana we know you have a good appetite
for cake so you like sweets every day is
a birthday for us every day is a
celebration or bless living life bro
thank you but I'm have to leave you
right now you can enjoy the cake all
right peace bro what
