good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I think key has found a new place
to sleep today yeah in my bathtub
you said she'll move she just literally
fell fell asleep again okay kitty it's
time to take a shower okay if she
realizes where she's sleeping I think
she'd run away I'm gonna be honest I
haven't been vlogging too much today but
our trees are getting Kyle outside let
me see if you can see that there's a
huge amount falling down so I'm gonna go
outside and try and see back in the
corner benefit for you guys and there's
the garden so it's all coming from this
huge tree which is being cut that's
pretty cool alright I'm gonna go back
inside I've been singing at home from
way too long today so I think it's about
time I changed and went out there you go
much better
ready to go out now so I was planning on
going to the beach I really like going
to the beach like since that time that
you guys told me to go to the beach and
I did go it was just so relaxing and
peaceful but instead I'm gonna go to the
shop where I can go exchange this
hopefully they let me exchange it if
they don't I just I might buy another
case cuz I don't think I should be
walking around with a pink case on my
iPhone I don't know tell me if I'm doing
wrong or if I did like I'm not sure if I
yeah if I keep this then I can still put
on then but let's put it back in its box
I don't really use that when the box is
like one of these ones where you can
just slide out and you see that you just
slide it out put the case back in and
it's good as new
so yeah let's see if they'll let me
exchange it if not I'll probably just
get a new one okay it's go time
okay so bye bubbles since it's the
weekend and only me and my mom we're
going we thought it'd be more convenient
to take a taxi because I think it's
gonna be busy and we don't know how long
we're gonna stay so yeah let's go don't
alright thank you
sorry now even though I brought this
case I'm not sure if they even have a
branch here we're literally walking
through Valley I'm not even struck we're
allowed to walk you look okay no I think
this is blocked off let's go around this
way I remember when we used to come here
to the valley with the Lambo we haven't
come for a long time so we need to pay
this face a visit again I just realized
this store is not in one of the emirates
it's only in the bible's so darn it okay
but I'm going to go to the food court
need some food I'm super hungry and then
we're just going to go walk around and
do some shopping that's the plan all
right you'll probably know where I came
to eat KFC absolutely love that spicy
fries so I couldn't resist
how come months ago me and my sister
came to magic planet that think it's
like a gaming place
we collected a lot of points on this
card and I never used it I told you guys
let's come back and I completely forgot
so let's go use it now so I have two
hundred and seventy four points so these
are each 60 I don't think I can go for
the big boy toys they're like 17,000
let's just look I can go for an apple
what is this oh that's the money money
storage you put money in it's like once
you call it I can't remember
well yeah I'm just going to look around
and see or I might just go play some
games I can win more I'm just going to
go check if I have any money left in
this to see if I can play some more game
before I redeem the point I remember
before this is a funny story I used to
come here all the time and I once won
eight toys in a row bear in mind
like I was a more active
I don't think they'll let you play if
there's only two people I let's go see
how much there is in the guard
swipe your card I have 80 wondering
sorry let's go okay so I'm going to go
rock climbing for you guys let's see if
I'm allowed not to be strapped up so
think I'm going to be great at this
I'm ready to go
let's go
before
we find out the easy one first
just a bit harder
I just fell off second I was a lost step
I'm going on to the harder want to meet
you
an honest dictionary
not bigger people
let me show you how to strum this
perspective alright you ready
you know so yeah climb all the way from
here up there how much you're out there
just be a little bit scary
all right so I'm just about to unstrap
myself I think if I pull this you'll be
fine
let's try and get both hands off oh yeah
that was pretty cool it was a big
workout light it's actually much harder
than Luke just because I went three
times but let's get this off me and just
go and look around as I said
excuse me can I leave that there alright
thank you
let's go alright can I pull ups thanks a
lot I feel really happy that worked for
that I was trying to take my mom with me
she was like no I'm good to be honest at
the end my arms like my forearms were
killing me
it was so hard they've actually changed
his face a lot before that you should
have like big brides but they're just
not here anymore so you might just go do
some ticket right is the big writer
there so it used to be here and now
they're taking it away we didn't end up
playing anything else and there's a
reason for that so we were going to go
bowling but we need to go to Steve
Madden because we just remembered we had
a voucher fight around 150 Durham's
that's like 25 pounds and we're just
going to use it because if we go it's
just going to get wasted so if my mom
can't find anything I'm going to double
up on my pair of sneakers so yeah that's
the plan for now oh I'm still so tired
and Slater alright so because I don't
have any great shoes I think I'm gonna
take these so yeah oh yeah thank you
it's nice yeah but that is how you get
free shoes literally they're going to be
free cuz I had enough vouchers for the
shoot that's pretty good
thanks a lot thank you
who said my mom can't cook look all of
this stuff trust me if you have a dried
mango already try it if it tastes
delicious in ice cream
not perfect right there can you see it
but my future car will black Mustang so
dark I'm using the flashlight from my
phone
let's go mummy where's Toby the cat
outside when he's normally behind the
Lambo is he not here oh he was under it
tell me well sir actually I know a lot
of you named it whiskers but we're just
so used to Toby now all right let's see
his bubbles in the Blind Side no oh my
god a wild bubbles appears look at his
eyes they were green I think every day I
need to have a new song on track so you
ready ready for this I got enemies
Thank You Mitchell over now available
blood okay go ahead I'm about to do
something that you guys probably know
the stroganoff I'm about to apply the
screen protector to my phone normally
when I buy these I get like 10 or 12 but
this time I've got one so let's try and
make it count first time so oh it's
going to be like a bit of surgery up in
here okay make sure to clean your screen
okay what we want to see you it what I
want to get out there we have one shot
to make it count guys one shot I
certainly I need total focus be okay
oh no we're going to completely Bend
oh my god oh my god we did it we did it
I want to thank I want to thank my mom
on the thankee which is about to scratch
my phone or a different vice for those
trying to set home
be patient use something like this and
just push the bubbles out of the phone
and you will be successful there it is
you can barely see any bubbles you see
that nothing like one or two on the
sides which is almost perfection right
now my personal massager is massaging my
hand yep
you missed a spot levels right there
right there there you go Monica bubbles
use my personal massager ok bubbles you
missed a spot come on keep going why do
you think I feed you here keep going
alright so me and my family are about
your running and normally you're
supposed to go run in the mornings you
know like before you've had your
breakfast and stuff like that I don't
know why I just know that's the best
time to do it but we're going at
half-past eleven and it's almost
midnight we're like vampires we're I
don't know what it is we always go out
late we sleep on till 8:00 everything
happens late so I'm schooling us the
vampire Squad now you know that is our
new name I drink is our new name but I
know it's already is half past eleven
how are we gonna sleep on time I don't
know I'm not sure if you can see this
but look at the humidity even the car
looks wet look at this no I think that
is a community right let's draw a happy
face whoo all right
late night jogging there's no one in the
streets yeah brav we run the streets out
here can't even laugh someone sees us at
half past 11 they're gonna be like what
are these guys doing
seem so suspicious why are they spraying
in the street yeah
we control the ends out here yeah
alright today we're gonna try and do one
whole lap without stopping oh my god
it's a late night and we're literally
running I'm trying to keep it as steady
as possible like a house slow day I
could speed walk there speed the
sprinkler zero this is on wow did they
all work on like some global timing yo
this sprinklers faulty Amana God mom God
God this was supposed to be one whole
lap without stopping but my sister got a
stitch and she's all the way back there
that is disappointing
there's a car following us that's a car
jug
all right let's see if you stopped
I don't know why is he following us
no even kidding guys that car was
actually following he went into his tree
I real like ok cuz you saw the person
looking at us and then you turn round
maybe they recognized us so comment down
below if it was any of you that
recognized us or could it just means a
lot for living us oh my god
alright PS that wasn't any more
following us ash is the security for the
neighborhood I keeps us all safe ok
that's a big word the excruciating pain
hashtag quote of the year I'm gonna die
I went stitch yeah alright well that is
then the far run we didn't do it in one
lap we just like kept stopping and
starting but nevertheless it was a good
ride anyways guys I'm going to wrap up
today's vlog here I'm happy to I got a
bit of exercise in literally currently
quarter to twelve at midnight I was like
the LEAs run ever but yeah if you did
enjoyed this vlog smash the like button
if you're at home just go do some
exercise trust me it will make you feel
better if you haven't done something a
long time completely sweating can you
see that not too sure if it doesn't
reassure bye see you guys tomorrow squad
yonder Yolo goodbye stay fit before I in
the blog yeah go do some exercise peace
