good morning guys welcome to another
vlog today we're going to have a
romantic start to the vlog there you go
that's Kitty and bubble kissing each
other and he's probably going to be
you're up in a couple seconds and bite
her but let's just pretend like that's
not going to happen and he's just going
to continue to lick her so boys we are
taking the Lambo out for a washing today
I'm wearing everything I bought the
other day from diesel I'm wearing the
shirt they're jeans obviously not the
shoes literally that's what I got the
shirt and the jeans but you're looking
for right now waiting for my sister to
come outside so we can take this bad boy
for a wash I know we haven't used it for
a long long time I'm really sorry
we've just been super super busy but
yeah today's the day so make sure if you
like these type of vlogs smash the like
button and yeah that always lets us know
you want to see more of this guy and
less of us I'm joking I'll smash the
like button if you want to see more
videos with the Lambo and yeah I'm just
trying my best to plow as much as we can
literally today because of the last
video which you guys at 2k on that's why
we're doing this really sure you were
like ok we have to take it out quickly
for something the people want to see it
so she is finally out we're about to
take this guy for a wash ok let's let's
show them harder he is you ready look at
this wash me yeah I put a W on it why
we're taking it for a wash why would I
oh yeah that makes sense you know
ok we're about to go we might put some
more on it ok fine let's pour it down
let's pour it down we're taking it for
Ok Go Go free ok I'm trying ok
what side on this side oh my god okay
that's enough the other side yeah you
need it okay guys this is manual washing
here how to wash a Lambo okay that looks
fine okay take this take this
my hands are completely dirty oh and
what is the point of taking it for a
wash I'm gonna wash most of it myself
ready let go okay so it's go time guys
so we're about to make our way to the
car so to show you this we have a little
Lambo USB which has the songs in it so
Lambo USB for the car which is pretty
funny I just even got these lights that
we turn around look at that you will it
focus there we go look at the USB it's
like this little tiny Lambo with the
music on it so we're about to leave
we'll see what we probably get there or
maybe your boy will be doing some sick
DJing in the car to stage Jimmy minister
and the Chinese
ah
this is a
provide
Oh
today's a banger day guys love it
already
Oh last night
television bottle pretty cool
I saw finally about to get there oh it
was a bit of traffic on the way so
hopefully we're not too late but I guess
you guys liked my singing right my
vocals are on point I don't I just
lipstick that's what I do just yeah when
I when I sing it just ruins the whole
song oh yeah I think it's just down this
street somewhere so we should be there
soon let's go check out what's of cars
it's going to take ages to wash the car
because we have taken it for so long and
look at this look at that that's also
dirty so yeah we'll see you at the car
wash lat
ok so we are finally here we got here
we're just going to hand in the car
gonna take you in
and yeah it's time to sit for a couple
of hours with regard to get wash
Jackie's done now just like 5 10 I'm
just gonna sleep yeah you know I'm just
kidding guys I get us close the door
with our and and yeah we're handing it
in now to wash let's go goodbye my
friend we're never gonna see him again
God ok so we're here and you can
see behind me crazy crazy crazy crazy
cars got an orange Aventador right there
above my finger I think that's a
Maserati Mercedes and then a Ferrari
something I don't know the name that
well there she comes she's coming inside
now for the wash oh yeah
hurricane wash time
okay so I'm not sure if you guys knew
but we are planning on wrapping the
Lamborghini now we're scrolling through
a couple of colors here you guys could
help us out in the comments as well to
let us know what you think we should go
for but for your thoughts um what do you
think I like I don't know I'm just I
don't know why I just always go for
black can't pray with you yeah blue I
like the red it's ready Yeah right okay
we're just gonna sit here picking but
definitely let us know in the comment
section what color you think would be
nice and yes I'm not any possible
designs you guys might have and yeah
we'll take a look at it okay so the car
is ready and fully sparkling now they're
just opening the doors so the Beast
can exit oh yeah there you go guys we're
done here now we should be back on the
road okay guys the car is fully washed
you can see it is shining there we go
time to go out with the at night let me
try and get like a quick thumbnail shot
so we'll see you guys on the street now
it looks good right I really like when
the lights are on so but the problem is
when the lights are on they can't see
you oh wow
they've turned the lights on anyway I'm
standing here so they can see now okay
we'll see you guys on the journey were
quickly just getting a thumbnail shot
okay so my sister quickly ran to give
them like you know the floor mats
because we're not going to use them so
why not just get back and yeah I don't
know where I'd put it in the car anyways
because it's not that spacious inside is
kind of low they were about to go my
sister's going back and yet there was a
good day hopefully you enjoyed us going
around the lamp or play some music and
we finally washed it so that means there
will definitely be more usage of be
coming in the future
oh yeah late at night you can't see much
because what is my sister doing she's
outside the car yeah let go go time now
so time to play some music got the Lambo
USB in the Lambo oh wow they can't see
anything thanks a lot thanks a lot of
trying to show them that I have oh yes
be Nicolas okay it's at the bottom you
press down and there you go - yes three
part comes out for making a look at late
night look at the visibility now I was
watching a video and the guy passed the
red light because of the low visibility
because your attention is windows as
well and you can see you can't see that
part that well but that play some music
let's turn it up in this joint
okay so we've lost our way home guys we
have no idea where we're going how did
you lose your way home it's like a ruby
cup every single day this lighting is so
weird in the car okay he's getting a bit
right don't you see amazing that's why
me like so dark
it's what happens that girls drive I
mean you don't know where they're going
don't know we're going somewhere and it
looks super you brought in traffic house
trying to avoid this and you made it
worse okay so music yeah it's just
another day like I said oh wait a minute
I'm good just a week ago a mile any
party every weekend so hey yo that's my
baby phone make me bounce around like I
don't know like I will be
what you say what you do the green light
will come soon I don't know
all right lie again
that's the tram system by the way which
I'm just trying to record for you guys
pretty cool right yeah yeah no yes
you're like blanked out VD Jesus reload
girls with long hair and when you're
driving in a fast car with the windows
now make up even bring the window up or
to pull your hair back because the
windows you keep going oh my god I can't
see oh you actually put a hair clip in
my lungs oh all the time
believe me it's in their boxing are the
struggles of owning a Lambo you need a
hair clip the light screen
okay so we're almost home guys I'm just
trying to get a deceleration crackle for
you guys so that's I see we do here to
speed up going up oh yeah it sounds more
than when it revs
yeah that's uh say that's what I gotta
okay we're finally home all right so
we're finally home guys hopefully you
did enjoy it we tried to rev it and do
stuff like that
things that you guys enjoying the vlog
so yeah thumbs up if you liked this vlog
so far she's just parking the car we are
definitely going to do stuff with it in
the future so yeah I don't know there's
a parking where she's going I don't know
she's gonna knock the range over with
this type of park via last know what we
should do with the car PS also let us
know about the color of the wrap we
should get if you have designs draw them
and send it to my email my business
emails in my About section I think so
yeah but that's been us for today it's
going to park the car I think I need to
go do some stuff for the Cooking Channel
inside not too sure we just have to see
about that and yeah it's been I'm so hot
but did you got my swagger yeah I think
my slide was on point today you find him
a lie guys this new sub dramas black
blue blue does a good match right no I'm
just talking too much light let's go
look if your ass on the bum just just
appreciate her like she called me on the
way shirt are you hungry and she may be
food I'm like starving right now so
thank you mommy she don't want to be in
the blue house there don't worry don't
be like why is she not in the blog to
say thank you and I literally just after
she was like no I don't want to be in
the vlog but I love you mommy I love you
she can hear me
definitely I'm on my laptop looking
through a couple of wraps action looks
pretty cool to be honest I don't think
we'd do something as complicated as this
but just if you have any ideas you think
our pool just let us know
I'm not sure exactly what this will
happen it's going to at least take a
month before we do it just to look a few
ideas they're just any cool ideas IDs
are cheap
who I'm looking at every single one to
be honest
I hope you guys enjoyed today's idea if
you did I'm really glad because I know
you guys always keep saying oh why
where's the lamp oh why are you doing it
or why you're videoing with it and it's
just literally you've been so busy with
the past couple of weeks that we haven't
had time to so yeah you did enjoy when
you smash like that opportunity sitting
here looking through more designs until
something interesting happens so yeah
I'll see you after a couple minutes I
have to show you this one look at that
that is pretty cool okay so my sister's
told me she's trying to scare yep
no yeah she really cared about that one
huh try again try again boom yes scary
more bows actually gets freaked out he
doesn't recognize the person post knows
he's playing with a crane with a
paintbrush man go for it but was caught
bubbles then what the hell what the who
is that look who's not looking at me
this kinda spooked out there okay leave
him alone don't be mean to Bob's house
you Lou can you hold it dude no she's
not scared looking at a stream like
wanting to play with it nah she doesn't
care about any more I told you anyways
if you did enjoy today what are you
doing you give your cat a head massage
with these things yeah I'm guessing she
hates it but if you did enjoy today's
video make sure to smash the like button
you're ruining my heart so she actually
doesn't like it today you get the cheeks
get the cheeks I'll do from the starter
different decide leave me alone
leave me alone buy yet if you guys did
enjoy trade you make sure to smash the
like button let us know any suggestions
I also told them to email us to like if
they have any designs any other car we
need to design soon and it's got to be
something very unique
we have told them before you're saying
is I don't design nobody in this world
has caught sir no one the whole world
even aliens when they come to this world
they should be like what the hell is
that car let us know every design app
and yeah we'll be very thankful for it
if you did enjoy today's vlog if you're
an alien is all smash the like button
like it you guys not expect this will be
out this world yeah we'll see you guys
in tomorrow's vlog you always miss your
cue and you miss your cue okay y'all
know you're in a squad I'll see you
tomorrow your score deuces
