hey guys what is I'm over here and
welcome to another video so last time I
did this it became extremely popular so
I'm back here and let's just go exotic
car something I'm not sure if they're
open I hope they are this time we're
back with the Bugatti and very nicely is
the door open
alright it is hope so I'm gonna go try
and go inside and see if I can record as
much as I can so yeah let's go alright
so we're inside the showroom so the
Bugatti is a 2009 I'm just going to try
and get a nice clip for you guys alright
let's take a knee I see let's go and
show you around those an Aventador over
there and a Porsche Panamera I'm just
going to quickly try and get some nice
grip for you guys I need to turn the
cameras I'll see you down the side there
is the event door which is a super nice
car but I really like the Porsche 9 1 8
spider they have and that is a 2015
brand new on alright so this is the
Aventador it looks pretty good
not that bad right
it looks pretty good so I guess this is
how fandom showed interior quickly so
I'm staying inside the 2015 brand new
Aventador this time I'm doing a properly
last time you guys like why didn't you
go to the shop and it was closed so that
is the inside of the Aventador super
nice color let's go outside and I'll
show you a bit more fit I'm not sure we
are planning on maybe changing my
sister's car to an Aventador that's why
I came in here this could be the
possibility so we'll have to see but
yeah so this could be a possibility
comment down below if we were to swap in
my sister's car a yellow Aventador I'm
not sure she was actually maybe planning
on changing it for a rolls-royce we
could do that just let me know what the
best option early it wouldn't be soon it
would be maybe in the near future tell
me what colorways you would like to have
we have a really nice color there
portion I wanna I'm not too sure if
she's too keen on that should probably
go for an Aventador as our next car
don't you think
all right so that is what you'd probably
choose I'm not too sure we're just going
to look around as I said these are just
possibilities for the near future for
her to change her rockin maybe we could
go for a Ferrari or a white Ferrari not
too sure would you rather have the
convertible or the coupe yeah she'd
rather go for the coupe but yeah this
this is really nice
all right so I just ask this rolls-royce
they're both I think around the same
price we asked about this one it's 1.1
million dirhams which is equivalent to
200 thousand pounds yellow-star cc's 1.1
million I told them and then this one
the only difference is this one has the
starlit sky so actually looking around
to see maybe what like it could be a car
face of my sister the Porsche 918 just
as well through us I like the scar my
sister is more philandering in phone I'm
not too sure but these are possible
trades let us know your thoughts as well
because I'm not going to go into a rush
we're not going to change a car like for
a couple months now but when we do any
of these could be the possibilities who
knows but to be honest knowing my sister
would probably be an Aventador for the
next one just saying that is me being
truthful huh who knows maybe over 13 I
don't I don't think maybe everybody
that's just a bit too out of the league
yeah hopefully you guys like the sea
let's go back into the interior of the
adventure I really like the interior of
the Ferrari which is red but yeah there
you go you can see the interior from
there
okay I think we're done now we took some
good looks what's wrong oh you want to
go okay that is car shopping this is
actually serious thoughts guys but my
pick would be that so hopefully you so
hopefully you enjoyed this video we are
like literally considering to get
another car off to the block and
obviously and these could be potential
trades so would you guys go for the
Aventador Ferrari or most were out there
for rolls-royce personally yeah out
there for the horse race so that could
be a possibility
I like the groceries because you can fit
your friends and so yeah it's evil
rolls-royce or events go for the next
one we just have to see what you would
go for the rolls-royce you think inside
of the thing
now instead of the aventador difficult
choices all right let's go well think
about it and we'll see what the guys
have to say as well
oh yeah let's go this guy okay so it's
time to go now we're gonna think about
it you guys let us know and like this
isn't like us thinking and ever
happening this is probably going to
happen within a couple of months so we
want to know your opinions is an
Aventador a good trade is a rolls-royce
a good trade I think it would be a real
choice because like Lamborghini we have
good times with it I think it's going to
last another couple of months but who
knows I think the next car might be a
rolls-royce if you did enjoy this video
I showed you the cars in detail and I
remember you guys really wanted to see
that I'm gonna make this a separate
video for all you car lovers but yeah
that's how I guess you would do car
shopping you ask the guy do you do
trade-ins and they're like yeah we're
more than happy to trade in and just set
the ballot so I'm not sure just again
let us know Aventador and groceries yeah
they look really nice that was that I
think those the Wraith or the ghost I'm
not even sure I'm not even sure food or
say I think it might have been the race
but that's my favorite one by the way
whatever the two-door is my favorite
yeah it's really nice but anyways if you
guys did enjoy the short video smash the
like button I'll try and keep you up to
date with what will happen sorry for
what just happened my camera cut off
while I was recording is it ran out of
that tree yeah the cat's dead
alright bought a real note I'm sorry it
caught off I really need to get a spare
battery I'm just sitting here and me and
my sister were crazy Louie's know my
battery for the camera for worse
I give up I give up
I'm just going to ask you guys one more
time to leave your suggestions in the
comment section Rolls Royce or Aventador
if there's anything you think mean Isis
down and thought about just also put
that in the comment section and we will
take you into consideration I'm going to
wrap it up here see there your your
squad yo yo yo
goodbye
