good morning guys welcome to another
vlog today me and my sister are heading
out early we're gonna go check her mail
so come along on the ride let's see what
is oh you got a Lambo USB in today like
this no I can't even lie this USB is
like the Holy USB of good music you like
it not because it's a Lambo yes P but
it's just because it's got all the good
music on it so let's go and let's have
you know the karaoke mo dad you guys
said I sing good right my lips and she
goes oh good
I could sing like females videos
anything and it makes you look real
oh oh oh oh check it Chicka Chicka
Chicka Chicka Chicka learnin um butter
dip oh I decided I was ruining the song
man what's up by setting up her down
there we go by the way song title imran
khan amplifier by the way guys in the
mornings of these are crazy nice like
buddy's gone like i don't know if you
guys can tell i will
Oh literally right now that's one
o'clock what I came to do
okay we're finally here at the post
office kind of thing
yay okay we got here my sister went in
like she parked perfectly and then she
opened or should lie on your side okay
let's open the door at sea oh yeah I
guess so
you're kinda inside let's get enough
fits in enough let's go okay I'll show
it you can see that's my sister she's
going back in and I actually wanted to
use this time pretty much now that I'm
here I know what her pure boxes and I
want to see I'm gonna put a few books in
the description let's try and do like a
birthday surprise I'll send her anything
like if it's letters write nice letters
please don't write anything me but yeah
sender anything you want but just please
be nice
I'm doing this as an experiment if it
doesn't go well then I'll probably just
take down all the information about the
few books but yeah please be nice it's a
birthday she's coming back which is
going to be suspicious let's just get to
the normal blog English it is let's go
all right so we're finally home good pit
stop to the mailboxes I don't think she
got much just like a letter or two are
we going home are you going oh oh the
door is open
oh my god okay so we're about to go
outside and feed the cat but you guys
don't know this is actually two cats now
the other one's been around for a week
as well and before the first day they
started like I don't know if it was
biting we thought they're fighting but
now they're completely fine with each
other to just sit next to each other so
now it's two cats outside two cats
inside okay I'm not sure if I did show
you the other cat in the vlog I might
have he's a black and white cat let's go
feed them now we've got like two bowls
for them so yeah I go time to feed the
cats guys let's go quick quick quick
quick make sure it doesn't come and just
run run out run oh right okay okay I'm
gonna feed this guy you go feed other
guy babes the other guys right behind
that door okay that's him yeah I got him
and then that guy's behind the door so
you can see that guy's got his food the
only reason we're feeding like he's
behind him is he behind the door
I'm not sure I'm not going to why I'm
doing over the wall go don't go give it
to him slowly
no no just go good just he's he's
treating this if you want you going
there go ahead I'll bid you you on them
be careful you know he's gonna attack
you okay
he's not used to humans okay let's go
let's go
we can block him from this side I think
yeah maybe you do not use the human so
let me see yeah he went for the food
okay nice time to go inside now I think
mission feed the cats successful now
this dress should make sure bubbles and
KITT you don't run in accidentally let's
go okay so you guys know I got this the
other day these are some tiny rabbits oh
I just said time you were happy okay so
we pop in that Apple bottle we got other
dates I from Minneapolis in here let's
quickly open it someone told the actual
you taste nice so Jon Jon yo John there
you go I'm trying to not put more than
one and I was guys you guys always know
I say I have swag yeah and like how nice
I am and I thought I was just delusional
at first but I can prove it to you guys
so here I put my mirror like you can see
the reflection if you see yourself so
let's go ahead and off mirror mirror on
the wall who's the fairest of them all
so white thank you yes that's what I
thought exactly this cat thinks I'm Snow
White the fairest of them all
you see so that I proof come on your
life you see Siri there's a library
hey guys I gave this to my sister and
she was like you didn't wash it did it
wash it
I gotta watch this right now you ready
this is how you watch it okay watch this
Oh Carolyn I can't put it there I'm
gonna fill it with war why what's wrong
with letting whirring it no rainy what's
wrong what's wrong with putting war in
it there you go there you go
clean look at that that is oh okay look
at that look at look at it difficult
wait
look it's PE it split it slinky okay I'm
about to go skateboarding guys and I'm
actually wearing my limited edition
Jordans or Jays I'm not sure if I've
shown you guys this how I should you
know no I showed you my Jordans it's
their first time they're gonna see it
you ready guys my limited edition
Jordans these are the new releases I
don't even think that out yet they gave
me an exclusive access to these Jays you
know I think I've got toothpaste on it
and Wow
my sister's stressed out because she's
trying to just try to find something to
do with her birthday Wow
okay let's go buy some milk and bread of
all these to play alright since I'm
outside now I quickly wanted to show you
her postcode I know I was talking about
at ages ago
but this is in regards to like the
little birthday surprise I want to do
from you guys as well tonight Center
cool mail and stuff but I'm gonna
quickly focus the camera on them phone
so you can see it in full okay that's
the postcode guys will be in the About
section of the channel and in the
description but if you couldn't find it
there is by the way I might be making a
video about the mail so if you don't
want your mail to be shown on the video
please write something like don't show
this and I will try and just edit out
but let's continue the journey passing a
speed darkness you can boss it oh yeah
let's go do some shopping alright so my
shopping is complete but just a bit of
advice for you guys when you're
skateboarding don't wear flip-flops okay
got it down see now alright guys this is
quite embarrassing I came into the wrong
area took a full lap around it and then
realized okay this is not my area
because I can't see our house but I'm
gonna make my way home now so yeah just
an extra five minutes into the exercise
okay time to play with this guys me my
sister I really quickly set him up so
keep the camera on vlog me alright I'm
going to quickly try and put some
batteries in him do you know what he
does
nope I have no idea okay we went aboard
these batteries specifically for this
guy so a swag bag or something wait the
route that remote might need a battery
too
yeah this is heavy sweating a
screwdriver he won't forget can it go
your squad in the half beast man
so my sister's having a hard time what
are you doing are you tightening it are
you even using the right screwdriver
trying to give me again join me to do
okay hold the camera I'll do it
oh there you go look at this huge er
okay don't mix up the old batteries with
the new audience oh wait yeah don't
touch him
I don't know
wait ever try and switch on the remote
Oh No did you buy also the batteries no
to to I don't know something's happening
right let me trying to find out where
the on button is I think you need to
turn them on can you find anything then
we need to google this okay so we have
to replace all the batteries you think
they don't work moment of truth but we
know you need to stand them up okay just
put them on your knees okay press the
bun is it working no okay I think we
should watch your video imagine I put
all these batteries for no reason do you
think that doesn't this works it's
turning red I know but did you put a new
batch yeah okay guys I'm sad to say well
this appian is not functioning
and is broken he is completely not
working both of them are obscured in oh
if I doesn't even turn on this is so sad
I was happy I thought I had a robot toy
but let you know if my sister manages to
fix this Robosapien or not as requested
your tissues I'm not sure what is gonna
have to wait what are you doing
oh you're screwing the tissue okay guys
we are now going to probably operate on
Robosapien so I'm sad to say we might
not get him back after this
what are you trying to do I said sad
face you're crying this is why I didn't
what the hell
we open them up now we can get started
you got a friend in me okay time to
surgery on him I'm not sure why we've
let Lana do this but I don't think he's
coming our life is that how doctors do
it sure what exactly is going on is his
heart beating I swear if you see
yourself you know crazy right now yeah
what the hell are you doing I'm going to
listen out for that piece of broken
thing inside to see where it's gone
carefully so I can open him up okay
whatever you say doctor Lana what you
just can't you drop the guy he looks
dead probably the last time you're gonna
see him poor guy
and one more family photo just just
before he goes who Monsieur Mereau
sapien okay goodbye
okay tada what you did I just just tell
them what you did I destroyed it okay
you heard it here guys my sister
destroyed Robosapien she's trying to
just assemble him this ain't even trying
to fix and this is just trying to put
him back into his pieces
did you ever see oh you broke his leg
no but for now guys I'm quickly going to
go into the kitchen now me and my mom
were trying to make something let me
show you quickly you know the
heart-shaped things we got I made or I
didn't really make my mom made it look
at that that's a hot okay I'm not even
gonna lie I ate the bread so that's why
it might not look perfectly like a
heart-shaped but you can see we cooked
it there that's a heart-shaped bread and
I was going to plan on making maybe
heart-shaped Nutella sandwiches I love
my setup I'm not too sure exactly what
that's what we were using for it so let
us know cool things we can do I've just
been practicing today or my mom has
anyway she was trying to see what she
can make with it but look the way she's
holding it you know she's messed up that
you did it you take responsibility for
it deuces so we put this guy back
together guys and I want to show you how
messed up it is now okay watch his hand
yeah can you hear that guys nothing okay
you hear that this is how it's supposed
to be do you hear that mechanical ISM
inside it it's like in and then look at
this arm negative you cured is on this
guy's got nothing
give me that yo what's up yo your squat
huh
no no okay please don't break the
mechanical ISM of that on oh look at us
oh it went right for a second I told you
he's right wait there's out on bond
voice that these don't tell me that's
online what does that say why hey you
owe me a new robot same yeah
just end the vlog and a lot for them
work and she always loves that
it's like you record they couldn't see
anything you needed it be a zine go
can't you do something cool video like
do you understand the concept like what
you understand can you stop the moving
good kitty thinks you're weird okay okay
do me a favor do I did know do this do
this so you got visited I've come to the
camera okay so I will record you one
second wait let me get all right okay
squad wait what is this to say and this
is your actual idea so if it's rubbish
guys hate her okay yeah your squad or
into experimental a new option if you
think this is quite boring no we don't
think that okay yeah okay what what's
the name do you
okay yo your squad so to stand the
Damned gotta go so you did this all
right I don't know what ridiculous idea
she was trying but if you did enjoyed
today's video smash the like button
we'll see you guys in tomorrow's video
juggling yo yo your squad
piece that oh god I forgot your squad
yes I will see you tomorrow
deuces
