good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog to be honest the vlog you're about
to watch had no intro so this is on
another day anyways enjoy okay I don't
know what it is we're bubbles has a
tendency of eating sellotaped you see
that no that's not good for you bubbles
what are you doing
have you ever seen a cat eat setter tape
no okay no I'm gonna stop him guys
because it's not good for him and he
just doesn't understand I haven't
written this in a long time I just feel
like doing it indoors we're about to go
out but look at that remember the good
old days I used to just skateboard all
the way to my shops I'm going to start
doing Meg and I really miss going out
with the skateboard and like well sty
used to ride skateboard and sweat way I
mean you should swegway to the
supermarkets but this I think I need to
re customize my penny board or get a new
one maybe that really cool goal don't we
saw the other day that would be a good
choice but something new needs to come
in place okay so it is go time we're
about to go out
notice sure where we were going we are
going somewhere though so I guess I'll
just have to see when we get there but
it makes a noise if you touch it whoa
that is awesome guys have you touched
these and makes a noise my it's just
lucky this one works
look that is also that is super awesome
guys so when you touch it makes a noise
wow that is amazing
hi we're about to go eat right now I'm
not sure which restaurant are definitely
okay so we're back now our favorites but
you know where we are
Texas Hold'em window for my beautiful
mom now does she say hi mafia yeah we're
back
alright thanks
but yeah we're here we're about to you
know my favorite thing about here the
peanuts and the bread just love that too
big and a lot of you were complaining my
book and my mom isn't speaking now she's
very shy but I'd tomato say hi to you
guys
hopefully I will have her vlogging is
more hype loads but she is super super
sunshine so
bear with us until everything
good huh here what yay
hungry realist just a bread alone fills
me up but I just get the state kind of
face pretty nice as well
I got myself a tiny little cheeseburger
okay so we just finished eating and
we're walking our way to the car now I
met a couple of you guys it's really
awesome
I'm just so sad like I'm just a normal
guy you guys know me and like sometimes
you just feel embarrassed or someone
they want to be in the vlog and it was
really nice though the guy was from
Saudi Arabia shout to him amazing
country amazing people as well but now
the where's my assistant over there
let's go contain the vlog with them okay
so wearing this like skincare shot and I
thought this is the phone I picked it up
the same phone so I was like what is
currently it's a hair removal thing I'm
not going to try it because imagine put
on my face and then never get a beer at
my let's go here are you trying on I
know it's a display unit only I was
about to see like can they put it out
but I guess it's only for display but
imagine I did it guys and I never got
hairs on my like man I just put on my
face and that's it I would never have
liked a beard in this section or
anything like that you know we're just
doing some Bach bottle shopping with my
sister or bottle you want the poppin
bottles out here we we got that orange
juice you know oh wait do you guys
remember Kenan and Kel do you remember
that I would that orange soda come on I
mean you guys look and struggle I'm
currently in a war but I didn't want to
be late on my videos anymore some
uploading it off my sister's phone
yeah like literally a couple days I've
been late because I go out to the mall
too late and I know you guys are used to
the videos like 6uk time so doing
uploading right here blame her
okay so I just wanted to show you this
part of fashion Avenue can you see the
ceiling it's got some really nice
decorations coming all the way to the
bar and it comes all the way down but I
am going to continue shopping or walking
around I'm just window shopping at the
way I'm not even buying anything
actually be completely honest I've
literally just been window shopping
looking at things I might get a GoPro
tell me which one I should get that's
why I was actually gonna ask you guys go
procession or go for a fourth the
session is a small camera the poor is
like bigger and it's got a LCD screen
let me know which one I should get and
yeah I'll see what I can do
okay well that's let's explain what's
happening guys okay we're in the shop
and I thought it'd be interesting to
show you the process my sister goes
through and she's looking for shot like
the shop I'm trying to
this Wow okay okay let's go through the
selection just sort of everything let's
go let's go
so you know we're in the fashion
industry right now yes I'm very picky
person generally so it's very difficult
for me to choose something that comes
close okay me and my mom are in the
disco floor here in Dubai wall
I got Jackie it's not a disco ball or
whatever but it is like the whole floor
is changing colors I'm trying to show
you that nice guy you know we are here
you know mumsy doing some fashion shoot
with me I guess we looked so I'd like we
just holding your camera in the middle
of feel out what look at the colors
don't look super cool right no is it
just me I saw them sitting here
undercover in the women's store I've
been seeing you're like ours ice crab
butter spot my nose which is been
killing me I'm here on my mom come to
make a special appearance in my blog
hire oh my god she's logged in today
she's on the blog I think okay that
that's a sign that she doesn't want to
be in the glow she like don't want to be
on the Glover
I don't wanna be under a Luthor but
there you go
are you proud of yourself Thomas so what
did you get tell them what you got from
that's just when I bought a load of
formal stuff you don't like your
tourists in a shop
so why'd you call this look I'm a Taurus
I'm a tourist in this country looking
look at me guys it's very big Wow look
at this or something guys anyway I
reduced on the embarrassing wait let
people go I'm going to try and get my
face in that spot so yeah fire out on my
head
yes
and you know I need to see my face in it
I come forward
that snack okay we're having too much
fun in the more push is gonna go home
now we're so embarrassing
so we are back at paparazzi's so let's
see what we're getting what's that
don't dad but yeah I know I'm getting
straightaway you know by the way a lot
of you have been asking me what is this
is basically just bread with like
sweetness inside it and chocolate on top
but what I'm getting is okay whoops I
didn't rip this guy's it was not me I'm
gonna get the where is it it's the Papa
milk with tea there we go papa milk with
T with bun yeah they have a new menu now
yeah I am NOT
so what was that couldn't hear what you
said
who whose risk game is stronger today
mine uh uh uh no my my wrist game is
obviously stronger today you know got
got that - guess what watches is guess
what that is they can't see properly Oh
food got here looks super delicious you
know I got to trade
you did what
then I got my papa milk tea with my bun
not set up for me
caramel for my mom since we're gonna
have it
five we just finished and Pavarotti and
I had a really nice watermelon juice
Moe is today right in front of me so
let's see what he wants to say I look
like an old man the only one with food
on the table my mother say yes let's
look at obesity guy
I'm chocolatey out my bun I'm having
you know this YouTube thing is
distressing now right old I've got white
chin hair I'm drinking either
I feel so bad like I was supposed to do
my exercises
not your is long as low you my sister's
hand them so let me go home
I just feel so bad okay really I need to
start some sort of disguise come
tomorrow morning bronzer is going to be
running from day and I around at the
moment I disdaining right well I did
tell you guys we've met some awesome
like here that knew about my channel
today shot that
I really like it when you guys know
about my channel especially not like
anything if it's a pie but I appreciate
a lot of them maybe you got like to be
honest I might try it sometimes but
don't feel shy I really do enjoy what's
on
hi how're you doing I watch your videos
and it does make it makes me happy more
than anything
yeah so if you see us around don't be
shy to say hi say like just tell me what
you want to do like if like I'm a really
shy person like you might not realize it
I'm a little bit confident on video but
sometimes I might get a bit nervous when
they see me
now he's talking too much
alright guys so I just got home we had a
busy day at the mall but I did grab
myself two copies of this book from chez
moi but now I'm really interested in
reading it I think it's going to be a
great read you can see both of them on
my desk I've got one for me one for my
sister but yeah tell me if any of you
read this book I think it's going to be
really good to read and I will let you
know once I'm ready it's just going to
take quite a while I'm a slow reader
about here saying the bubbles were just
chilling and editing one of my videos
and yeah it's just been a really long
day now if you did enjoy today's look
make sure to smash your like button and
let me know I'll be here tomorrow with
another vlog I'll see you guys later yo
yo squad Yolo Yolo good bye guys ciao
double bang
