good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so this morning my moments are
going to head out to the police station
to get I think the final thing about the
car
sorry about I'm just coming I'm actually
not going with them I just got dressed
up with a punk you know the Jordans on
the rocks but yeah they're going to take
the car and sort out I think you can
actually see the scratch a bit more now
well not really it's kinda same we'll be
honest but yeah and they're taking it
out to get it stored out so I will keep
you guys updated but I'm gonna tell you
more about when the whole thing is
finished I'm not going to tell you much
now because I want it all to get sorted
out before I do tell you but problems ah
it's always problem so um yeah I was
just video when they were leaving
because you guys always loved to see the
Lambo like in action yes it was actually
a pretty fun day with the car like I was
I was trying to catch all my sister was
actually having getting stressed like
whenever the camera was off my mom was
like go follow her we don't know how to
get home so oh my god and like you know
cars are like always in front of you and
you can't see the Lambo cause it's so
tiny but yeah let's see what happens
today
so our my sister are heading out here's
the keys you can go my mom forgot her
phone number double double double look
at Kitty man look at so lazy I'm on the
sister
on your window
my mom does an odd to bring down the
window
okay I'm gonna go inside it's really
loud but yeah
to go and saw everything out now
Wow oh my god now it's like silence down
a little bit well when it turns on you
can see how much I've reduced my voice
and you can kind of hear me now
they asked them gone so yeah
before I head back in I wanted to show
you the garden so oh wow okay
all of this place is also digged up
until there and all right let's go
around here they put in the water tank
to that huge ditch which I almost let in
so that's where the ditch was they dug
it up to put water tank but I'm gonna go
back inside because I'm kind of hot now
and I need to go do some of my editing
my mom and sister are in the area and I
decided to meet them on my Segway let's
see swegway vs. Lambo
they said they should be near here soon
oh my gosh Wendy's keeps beeping on me
what the hell I'm not even going that
fast okay let's go and see where they
are
oh that's them Oh sup swegway versus
Lambo oh my god they're being me come
back as I do
oh my god please like I can I can catch
up with them yeah what's up brah okay no
sir this is going too fast
what's up man
what's up my slope we can keep up I know
I'm coming around I'm coming around whoo
I made it I made it
let's go wait for me wait wait wait wait
wait wait for me
three two one race race race I'm going
faster I'm going faster no I beat you
slightly versus fish I don't know this
is like the worst race ever I give up
to be honest I think I did a pretty good
job that I didn't fall off here I'll
open the door for you mother
mommy is home right now what okay well
I'm going inside ah damn it we need to
make a ramp we've actually come to do a
bit of looking for a car first stop is
mercedes-benz so let's see what they
have so this is one of the cars I have
been looking at so let's open the door
and gose inside so this is AC 200 as you
can see I think so c-class on a line you
just yo check outside but this is a very
nice car this is the S 500 I think it's
an S Class car then tears on these are
amazing so where is it you can adjust it
somewhere here as a bun there we go like
where is it actually there we go that's
the exact seat thing and now the seats
moving so you you fiddle with these I'm
not exactly sure how it works
oh there we go nuts doing it oh yeah
this is also a very nice car
so at the moment all we're doing is
looking we just checked out all the cars
I showed you a couple of them but yeah
I'm just trying to get an idea of what
sort of things there are and yeah let's
just look around
well we had our looks in Mercedes gonna
go to a male the showroom now just to
check out the cars
yeah there was a couple of nice things
in the studies yes I really like their
eClass I'm going to the same time stab
and I also really like thing that I see
that's just sad to see what she likes is
well kind of joint decision the next
stop is Range Rover I know what you're
thinking doubling up on the Range Rovers
we're just taking and look as I said
it's a possibility who knows so we'll
just have to go and see so this is the
Range Rover Evoque I think is this the
vogue this interior look oh yeah this
interior looks amazing
so this exact car let me go show you
happy oh wait did they have TV screens I
never saw it I love the smell of new
cars so yeah that is the VOC from the
outside I really like it that a last
stop is bored I know what you're
thinking but Mustangs out here so let's
go check them out there you go
we're looking at some Mustangs these are
really cool cars you guys know that okay
let me go inside and there you go so boo
boo it's actually got a really nice
interior see that there is this no this
is the voice dish voice it's not going
sports mode or something I'm not too
sure no no yes yes you have it look oh
yeah you do have good wait no no oh yeah
you do have the paddle ships so I don't
know if you can see that
oh no it's these okay so this little
plus sign and this minus sign so this is
inside of a Mustang the only thing it's
like the back of the CGA in the back
seats are many tech bar things because
the seat is sewn back on this car
so maybe degree at MIT for it you can
still fit people in the back but yeah
here you go you're gonna go sit inside
it you tried let's see out like okay
yeah so could you imagine her in this
car yeah imagine I'm like yeah brah
what's up
mmm-hmm we're gonna try and see if I can
fit in the back yeah
but Russia is that good like I need more
space I really need more space okay I'm
gonna try a bit no I can't I can't fit
him all right so she's okay we got you
yes yeah
at the moment I'm just trying to weigh
out the options so obviously if you go
for a car like this then you won't have
enough seat to put loads of people in
the back because it's kind of tight I
have to be honest it is really tight and
I don't think well unless it was like a
poor situation you really want to take
someone out yeah I was like the back is
real tight but it's a beautiful garden
yeah the back of it is really nice I've
realized this car but then you have to
weigh out the option off can you take
people but then if it's a bigger car I
don't know so we just have to wait
options out I'm looking around I went to
Mercedes Ranger right now here and yeah
I'm not sure we're done
yeah she's tired so I think we might be
heading off peace final car looking at
is the f-150 now I know you're thinking
oh my god that is huge but I don't know
it's actually a pretty cool car
I probably would never get the being
honest I I really do like it I even
these look at these I think they're all
like the f-150 I'm not too sure let me
see this is 380,000 no this is something
else definitely it's a truck kit but
yeah pretty cool okay so we had to we
had to come and check out the i8 wow
this is a beautiful car
hi des see so your ones like a yeah
yes yes
realistically that car is not something
I'd get just because of their
electricity thing I know it's convenient
you can sort it really easily they set
up in your house but you know it's still
like different very different there's
literally an Instagram picture net no
IKEA
you've come to this snooker place is
good shooters and look at the dip here
in the sand the great perks of having a
four-wheel drive about to play a game me
versus my sis let's go oh yeah all the
Bulls are on that side so take them out
and this is the place so if you guys are
wondering how it looks like on the
inside there's just a load of tables and
you play some dual yards okay
alright girlfriend she's going all
serious motor their hair back your ID go
for it
if this brake goes bad I swear
let's try it try your best she's lying
as she knows she's a pro
whoa whoa okay okay my turn
where's the light ball there we go
not a single one in
my sister is actually beating me today
she is actually winning like I'm not
sure I'm stripes and she is the normal
dots okay that's the does she make this
shot
can she make it all right
I'm setting up another game it's pretty
cool from this angle right you watch TV
play some billiards and I like the
tables that audibles come to one pocket
like somewhere like here because then
you can easily set them all up once you
finish a game
this section is next to the tables and I
guess this is where me and my sister ie
okay I'm tired talking harder to go
around and sit next to where my seat was
so we're now just chilling to eat some
food I'm gonna go play another game but
this place is pretty nice right this is
like the seating area to capitalize sit
here and eat but yeah also on the other
side they have the same sup but you can
play that PlayStation and stuff so yeah
another side there's a station alright
so I think everyone is about done I just
came to have a bit of a point circuit
our did and no one else is happening to
start right now well I just come back
let me just grab the ketchup but yeah I
won some matches I lost the matches I
think I look more than I want I'm not
too sure but I only paid than the guys
you know the girls are just guys gonna
cut my drinking but yeah that's not that
bad it was a most of 50% win not free
what can you use right you can do this
on curly if he actually does this I'll
be very impressive
moment of truth that girl did you curl
it did you curl it anyways guys I'm
going to wrap up today's vlog here
basically my mom went out with our
friends today me and my sister were
hanging out with some of our friends and
yeah we checked out a lot of cars now I
don't know the thing is I really like
the Mustang I really really do like it
it looks beautiful but the only problem
is I just wish the two back seats were
just a bit bigger I mean I don't know
I'll just check again you guys help me
out the realistic possibilities would be
Mustang maybe I just like the Mustang to
know ah I don't know I'll see you guys
tomorrow
if you did enjoy the blog smash like
button and help me out please just drop
comments let me know what you guys think
and yeah see you guys more peace Delta
Yolo goodbye
