good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so today the Lambo is gonna get
repaired so you guys saw the other day
it got scratched now unfortunately I
don't know how well you can see it my
head is probably blocking it there is
the scratch going all the way along so
my sister is taking it to the lambo
showroom today to fix it up so I guess
I'll show you after it does get fixed up
I mean the car really looks nice in the
morning so hopefully it does get fixed
or kinda in a rush right now so yeah
let's go and get the car repaired you
actually realize how much louder this
car is guys when you don't play music
here that it's actually very loud even
if you're not going fast before me my
sister's always been music and the other
day when we're going to the police
station when this incident occurred
because we're so stressed out we don't
play music and we thought like why is
the car so loud and we realized it was
because we weren't playing any music so
that's why I'm not playing with you
right now just so you can actually hear
it I'm banging where we're going
very slow right now lately trooper just
going like 23 hunters get the road we're
going on I think the build up roads or
you can't actually go faster they're low
speed bumps
I actually found something the Lambo
today that I didn't know about so under
this compartment there is actually place
to put some things up
compartment only that
things connected downwards
apparently it's not Osprey
so you can see there's like a little
this section is where all bonds are very
cool okay so we are here we're just
waiting for them to take the car in now
so we're dropping the car off and yeah
it's gonna get repaired we'll see you
guys soon
they blew up their canoes closed for
taxi when they grab a taxi go home and
yeah that is a great start of the day
the garcinia fix they gave us hope I'll
tell you later on today maybe a motion
I'll see this is what Drive looks like
it's all empty
obviously the garden is getting done as
well so there's loads and loads of dirt
here yeah let's go inside and see what's
up about my mum made me some food she
runs away from the vlog I said oh why
did you run away from the vlog by the
way you guys have thousand likes and the
vlog I said I'll make my mom and
Instagram so I think we should do it Bob
let's make an Instagram account for you
you want really she said okay okay I'll
make one I don't mind but yeah we go the
car of this year as I said is in the
back repair centre factory what my say
and yeah it's gonna get sorted out there
I think it's gonna take like a week I'm
not too sure and yeah
that is an update for you guys I'm
always happening yes so we think you had
a look and the scratch it's just in many
parts it's gone into the metal so when
that happens you can't polish it they
need to remove the entire panel around
that section of the car and redo the
entire section so
a bit of it's harder work basically to
fix it
so guess what can we do this is what
happens when you don't have the patience
for your ice lolly to fully freeze up so
you just take your eyes line
and as ridiculous as it sounds you just
open one of them oops
okay and then you take a spoon and start
eating it let's go have some snacks okay
so this is what I bought the other day
oh my god these are so nice but I do
have nosebleed problems and this does
not make it good at all it makes it much
worse
so mum should have some straps on no no
okay I don't think she wants me having
saw this but I will have remember I told
you da stand up okay it's so hard to
communicate with these things we never
ended up giving these away these gold
things so let's go open and see what it
is because it's going to expire in like
a month or two so I might as well see
what it is let's go open it the
chocolate is now open let's put it out
well is this is like a huge bar oh it's
actually a huge bar mom mom look at this
is a huge bar oh my god mom it is look I
will actually nice betting I thought was
going to be little chocolates
that is awesome we're on our way to go
pick up the Lambo now it's finally ready
they haven't obviously fixed it yet they
just inspected and saw like what they
need to do perfectly to it we're gonna
go pick it up down and then head off
home and then I think we'll bring it
back like in a couple days to fully sort
out so you
you picked up the Lambo my sister's
going to go in that car and I'm gonna go
in the rain driver so we'll say goodbye
to her for now and yeah see you home
I'll see you at home that's why I might
say what you say
all right gopher I'll see you guys peace
but for now I'm driving the Range Rover
my mom came with me yeah whoop I'm gonna
pass the camera on to my mom so she can
record my sister driving ahead of us so
yeah let's go peace there she goes
what is she doing what'd she do but
New York our daily yeah I'll follow I
don't want let me just check my from
boot because I need to make sure all
right go for it yeah I told you she was
gonna do sounds like what'd she do why
she stopping I have no idea what my
sister is doing she's literally checking
the boot in the middle of nowhere this
girl is crazy okay going so away we got
what was she doing what the hell okay
girls go
imagine if I crash into no I'm saying
imagine no don't imagine good kid he
can't burn us go wait wait she's so
annoying okay no she wants to take a
u-turn in this you can't wait her
contacts are smooth compared to for
highs can they see me yo why is this car
doing next to us what are you doing
we're taking a pit stop to go check our
post you know I kept getting a bit for
it come forward
all right I'll see you there okay give
me way okay go get my mama hold this
hold this are we going that's it yeah
okay now yeah okay my sister's car is so
low this is the only place I can see her
from I can only see her from the side
mirrors I look at the top mirror you
can't see anything I told you to go
ahead because I didn't know exactly
where I was going and I should were
gonna meet her
we're gonna meet Oh what the hell is
that acceleration
oh my god is that the Lambo girl is that
the Lambo federal court street racing
here
I'm in a Range Rover what do you expect
me to do I don't know if my system knows
where she's going she's the sticker you
turn why she's doing the right lane
what the hell is this girl here she bad
start turning left now go left go left
Naresh click ok finally ran I'm gay
white hair is out you dressing
look at the deceleration beacon here so
we are finally here at the post office
first time you seen a Lambo at the post
office right let's go
I hope she brought her key look at your
parking man what the hell women drivers
a PS if you want to see a proper street
race reverse assist I'll smash the like
button I will go head-to-head on some I
know okay let's go but for now let's see
if we've got anything in the post let's
see we're gonna get them we're gonna get
so big
imagine this time they don't bring
anything get something you got like no
most moment of truth oh oh come on we
actually got eyes I'm really excited to
see these oh my god people okay we have
to make a separate video for this stuff
and there's my god I'd love to see where
these are from
okay yep that's everything I just make
just make sure it is let's go I'm
excited to open this I was a successful
little stop at the post office yeah it
was magnitude I check okay so you go in
your car again and
we'll make a separate video make a
separate video okay calm down
hi you go ahead and off and I'll be
tailgating you on the Range Rover piece
all right yeah whatever
mom don't open the mill that's a
separate video this is a type of
problems we go through she's waiting in
the parking because she wants to put
some music they caught him in here you
got it okay she said she wants the good
music we're just wait here my mom what's
up mommy tell your daughter to hurry up
man
Jordan go in her car yeah exactly cuz
I'm the bad driver right I'm letting my
sister go ahead cuz I'm nice and I don't
know the way home pretty much all right
let's let's put this in Drive there we
go follow the lead I need a leader
follow the Lambo Lambo Lambo whatever
she has to the time she just starts
going you know we're literally right
next door now she's just like
by the way we're here at the petrol
station I know all of you always ask how
much does it cost like your mom's
getting out to it you go buy some like
bread and milk and stuff but you always
ask how much does it cost to fill up the
Range Rover how much does it cost to fit
up the Lamborghini mine is literally
empty I don't know if you can see that
can you see that it truly empty and my
sister's is pretty much the same oh my
god oh my god is that lady knocking on
the Lambo yeah but yeah I'm gonna tell
you how it mine costs and then I'll try
and see how much my sisters cost to let
you know exactly how much do I think
house is empty as well so my sister's
finished and mine is still going so I
think hers wasn't full I'm not too sure
exactly
wait mines full as well mine was 145
Durham's my sister's was 125 so this car
took more petrol but pretty sure this
one was much lower
Wow we have a McLaren in the petrol
station as well you can't see all right
I'm gonna put the camera down because my
mom is being and she coming for me
either
piece I'm gonna do a bit of late night
shopping I'm on the skateboard let's go
to the supermarket to be honest even
though my brother skates are faster I
barely use them here I don't know I just
really like see you guys probably know
that because I do it way too much
ah I'll see how the supermarkets woo we
finally made it
oh nice guy I'm home
anybody anybody okay
let's hope the doors open nope great all
right well my sister opened older male
I'll leave a link to that in the
description but I also want to give a
shout to Mario and Peter Arnie Peters
YouTube channel makes YouTube videos so
go check him out and yeah sharks you
Mario as well I'm all the third persons
day
fans from UK fans sylia shout to love
you thanks for sending them in I'll
leave a link to her channel where she's
going to have the full like opening and
reading it made me type of thing so yes
anyways guys I'm going to wrap up the
blog here I think today's vlog has been
full in the sense that a lot of things
were done I know maybe not all until the
Shawn but we could be coring we checked
the post I did my exercise I missed gym
because I supposed to go one of my
friends and/or family friend thinking
but I didn't manage to go because I had
to go do the lambo thing and there was
versus versus go in the morning like our
everyday routine so yeah I know my hair
is like a mess I'm going around the
block here
thanks a lot yo-yo squad we hit 50k I
don't know how many days ago like three
four five who knows who's counting you
know but yeah if it wasn't for you guys
we wouldn't have got this and yeah
hopefully you're enjoying blogs I'll see
you guys next time
yonder yo yo yo your squad you know only
true fans know that and I'll see you
guys next time peace
