good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog currently starting a day by going
gym again yeah second time I know oh
yeah let's quickly head off to the gym
and do a good workout again today it
made me feel fresh so that's what I'm
going got the blue kicks and the blue
shirt
so yeah let's go so as always I'm
starting my work out on the treadmill
there you go
I'm currently on the benching machine
not the weights cuz it was kinda busier
than I wanted to record my sweat today
is much harder like everything is so
much more difficult so my body is sore
from yesterday so I'm just I'm just
going and dying you know Ferraris are
racing around the track
Wow okay so I'll calm stairs to take a
small break from the workout and the
Ferraris are actually racing around the
track I'm going to turn around and show
you guys ah they're actually racing
that's pretty good I'm watching a race
we've got anything a racing I think
maybe they're testing out the cars
because apparently they do test them on
the track Wow I look we have a 458
Italia coming down enough Ferraris I'm
going to go downstairs and continue
working out to be honest I'm not much of
a boxer anyway so as much as I'd like to
just punch these bag
punches bags I just from the Rhine doji
at the moment and I think doing some
weight workout to be back for me is not
just a bounce moment
thank you I am finally done at the gym
got myself an orange juice this is so
refreshing after a workout but I guess
it is time to go home so let's get the
elevator down and yeah is a good day at
the gym try this orange juice is saving
my life I was so thirsty and they mix it
with ice and make it really cold
well yeah day two of gym going good
hopefully I can continue I'm really
liking it but it is so hard I don't like
some if you know everyone pretty much
knows how hard it is to go gym after
like a long time but if you stay
dedicated I guess it's all worth it and
I'm not really here to like get a
certain shape or anything I'm just here
to stay all day to be honest so yeah
okay and that's a wrap for today you can
even hear the Ferraris from the
racetrack still racing around they
actually make fun now boys our mama
sister sent me for a pit stop at the
supermarket they wanted me to get some
cat food live trees of cat food it's a
lot I'm gonna go home now hopefully I
got the right one so they're installing
the sprinklers today I thought I'd come
out and show you what's going on so yeah
let's go okay so this is what's going on
at the moment the piping is going on
under it so yeah pretty cool I let them
get back to it nice
thank you I see I didn't want to get too
into them I think they don't really feel
comfortable in front of the camera so
it's going to go back inside I just
wanted to keep you guys updated on what
is happening this quickly open the door
make sure key and bubble don't get out
well yes sprinklers are coming in
perfectly I guess and qiyam bubble is
like you're making you're too spoiled
she should you should make it get off my
desk save that money I'm gonna save that
money that song is stuck in my head I
don't know if you guys have heard it
came out like a month ago to Moscow but
there you go
got the old black J's on my feet
Superfly literally is what they're
called super flies I think fearless oh
yeah that's now waking my mama sister to
get ready I'm not sure what movie we're
watching but I like the fact that we're
going to the Platinum cinema so I can
just lie down a club
got myself while I watch a movie finally
time to head off to the cinema there
already
oh yeah I can definitely see it right
now open ooh I like it because it's blue
that's it okay let's go home her name's
Sabrina okay let's go
what so foggy humidity killing my camera
we've actually come to a different
cinema this one is in jbr I'm not sure
exactly what the name is but once I get
a bit closer I will let you know if
we're inside the cinema we're about to
get our tickets I think we reserved them
online
I'll check my phone inside the
reservation
if it actually movie with Emma blood in
it I watch the trailer online here I can
always on my third we're going to go get
that motion so this is actually my first
time at the cinema the walkway is pretty
nice they've got all these lights going
on and we're making our way to the not
Shore platinum lounge or something
that's where you eat food before the
movie his movie starts in half an hour
and the name is Sicario I forgot it's
such a like complex name Sicario it's
not like something I remember but yeah
it's an action movie yeah let's go in
and here we are the Platinum movie speed
what uh let's go explain it we're
sitting in the bottom I'll show them the
way that it focus there you go now they
can see it something before the movie
starts really ironed out so this is our
food menu
good question great so cool the mail
that side all right thanks a lot okay so
the sheets are very different here in
our Union suit yeah they're pretty cool
yeah if they actually they can convert
to a bacon converters and I can bet so
show them you can convert it okay I'm
doing it now let's go baby
what can you make it straight how dare
you are so
but these are the platinum suites as in
jbr right the cinnamon so they're really
nice so we got our little blankets there
you go so all we do is rip that off nice
being annoyed
I'm trying to watch one movie here yes
we're trying to watch my movie you're
not Amy
so we're sleeping movies and then
actually costing my mother and cost me
probably you can see my mom they're
sleeping in the city yes they're
sleeping here it's like a bed and then
there's our feet and there's a blanket
yes you can see my feet and there's the
platinum movie sweet quiet so angry I
thought though like this is the best
part by the movie just the comfortable
chairs so I love this beautiful it's
like going to move me and being like in
bed at the same time so you can just
have a really big screen and watch to
kind of like a home experience but not
being at home if you know what I mean so
I will see you off to her movie I gather
you know well the movies over we're
about to leave if it was a good movie
let's go they ordered way too much as
well anyways guys the movie and did we
just walked out literally it was pretty
good I'm not sure the ending has me
confused I'm not too sure how heavy
I don't know don't sweat it for them I
have no idea literally we're all
confused at hand I don't know what's
happened I I kind of know the movie was
sleek hariyama checked out you can check
it out yeah it was a great movie I just
didn't know that it's like Inception
when no one had it to do out there it's
not as bad as that book we don't know
what happened let's go out push toward
open oh yeah
all right well we're just outside now
we're gonna walk around maybe a little
bit not too sure the weather is nice but
it's starting to get a bit hot now well
I'm starting to get hot and the movie
was good but I don't have Wi-Fi on my
phone anymore like I had to use my
sister's phone to upload my video
luckily she had internet but yeah I need
to get that sorted out the 6s is out so
maybe you'll see a video we gave that
maybe I don't know just saying it I
think it is out now so I don't know if
someone said it was October but I'm
gonna go check it out yet my sister's
here uh Wow okay I think we should get
headed off because I'm just making them
stand here for my daughter log right
let's go let's go yeah well here's Toby
or Sabrina excited to do theater well
for some reason my sister got me these
glasses from the pharmacy I don't know
where she went to get these or if it was
from the pharmacy or next to it
they can't even fit my face ready she
said these would be bad for the outro so
I'm not sure they don't even fit in my
face like I anyways if you did enjoy
today's log make sure to smash the like
button tomorrow we are going to go
repair the Lamborghini scratch let's see
how much that is not too sure to be
honest I don't think it should be much
but it's all covered anyways so it's
going to cost zero for our situation but
I'm not saying tomorrow is that day so
that should be an exciting day it's a
reason to take out the Lambo you guys
always enjoy that right no no mom yes
yes a yes she doesn't know what she said
yes - oh I could have said anything
ahaha yeah that is your time
tomorrow the movie was actually really
cool when I said it was complicated the
ending no I don't think it was
complicated I don't think I was paying
attention a while literally or my phone
uploading my video that's why I was
missing our part in the film but as I
said it's matter like I'll see you guys
tomorrow your squad thanks for staying
with me on this journey I think I
mentioned this in like three blocks ago
the reason I did do the 50k special is
cuz of that incident I might imagine if
the video is out before now I'm just
going to really sound stupid saying this
but mom you just turn off the lights
say what really really anyways I'll see
you guys tomorrow discord pits out
