good morning Los Angeles yo what is up
everyone welcome back to another vlog so
today we actually have a very fun day
planned at the beach for you guys but
before we go there we have a special
surprise for you guys we are actually
heading out in this bad boy for today I
like that I like that so sigan organized
the car for us today bro AMG c63 so
right now we just made it over to our
destination we are next to the beach but
it wouldn't be a vlog without some Beach
drone footage so right now we're gonna
swing this drone up and let's check out
the beach
guys the drone is lost signal Brody
found it oh he knows how to come back
home yeah that's how it does
automatically no way are you kidding me
yeah yeah no I'm not giving you so it
just comes back on his own so the drone
actually found its way back that is
crazy beautiful it's so busy into
Thanksgiving weekend so right now he
just made it over to the Santa Monica
beach this place is insane guy just take
a look at this view
wow it is so busy right now basic me
it's actually Thanksgiving weekend so
right now we're walking on the pier and
it's filled with people yo oh my god
that is such a big bird right there
yo guys check this out hello my name is
Luis mission going around her name is
actually Yolanda is so good so telling
the sigan is actually gonna boil on a CV
we're gonna get a shout out for divine
from Lana
shoutout to Dubai hey Lana just killed
it you see her singing room none I gave
us a shout-out Dubai where you at where
are you anyways now we have the official
CD of water Jose no way bro why don't
you use this for your next songs I will
be your inspiration I can click bait
this so hard my sister's new album
Lana's new album yeah we actually also
got a true journal so good job out to my
boy at 9 mag singer booed me out here
listen I would see my boy Adnan but he's
stuck in Mexico somewhere so and done I
love you but I ain't coming homie we
ain't doing this homes anyways I just
want to say whoever is new around here
make sure to subscribe because I'm
giving away this pair of snapchat
glosses so if you want to win be a
subscriber a secondly my boy psyche he's
now a movie producer yeah you don't know
if you're wondering why my man psychic
is always holding a camera around me no
he's not really vlogging he's making a
movie on his channel so if you want to
see that movie go and subscribe to his
channel I'll leave in the description
horror movie about our trip so check it
out it's gonna be like a summary about
all what we've done here
and you're going to see kudos all right
I hate you bro stop doing that on my
blog was that a group is coming off Open
Sesame
are you ready I was born ready
what happens if I crash your boy is
about to spritz drift around a little
bit couple Donuts you ready no doughnuts
please and you put it on sports right
Pro Sport Plus let's go the sound is
nice too one thing I love about MA
everywhere it smells like weed where's
the open road this is fast enough well
we're not moving hey guys so this is the
brand-new c63 AMG honestly I like you it
kind of feels nice but stays how much
are these things like to buy
all right guys we're still here in Santa
Monica and I hire the driver because I
was too lazy to drive and he's just not
good enough
get out of here man please drive faster
please concentrate on the road why are
you sitting in the sir why are you
sitting in the back why not let me sit
in the picture please both tending to
please both hands on the wheel that's
seven to one and six brothers on the
button six that's one and four sound is
nice too that sucks
anyways as you can see boys right now
I'm driving the Mercedes
you know honestly this car actually
sounds really nice like really really
nice hey guys we are driving in Los
Angeles listen to this guys look at this
view right now this is amazing right now
we're on the way back to the hotel I
don't know why this guy sat in the back
like he's just being a douche bag bro
just drive normally I hired you the two
bucks and I know your driver you want
more guys listen this is how you get a
free driver just bring me alone anyways
we're gonna go back to the hotel and
yeah today has been fun
I've actually talked something to put
the camera down let's go all right we
made it back oh this is a nice car it's
actually a fun car like the night's fun
alright guys we are back at the hotel
right now it's idea
we are that guy's order way to start
today
we aren't your boy anyways we are back
at the hotel right now
literally just started the day off with
some Beach action it's time to park this
bad boy up yo by the way that's a camera
bro put it in reverse again guys the
camera is under the logo what so when
you put it in reverse the logo lifts up
and then when you put in a drive it
actually goes back down WOD it's like a
spy camera bro alright chill chill chill
chill chill chill bro chill chill
everyone's looking at us like we're
crazy we are crazy yeah we out your boy
eyes oh my god I think we just found
something cooler yo look at that that is
a tank do you thought this was cool
that guy just completely destroyed us
whoa you guys didn't think we'd stay at
the hotel did you now
okay so right now we came straight back
out with the car because we came to one
of the expensive roads out here and look
at the houses just show them the palm
Elliott guys this is beautiful
and look at the road out here oh my god
I am so tempted to buy a house in Los
Angeles look how beautiful this is I
think we should go 5050 all right fine
know why you buy one everyone another
reason we came out to LA is I'm
recording a new music video right now
really yeah
what your Idiot Brother just do
something else listen Los Angeles you
are beautiful and right now I'm gonna
give you guys a little sneak peek to my
new song all right let's get it I can do
to move I want to skirt off in a Royce
Spain caching I want to los carros of re
the kerala army discipline does not
bother all the levels on the slimy bro I
think you're better solo man like I'm
just gonna be like a nuisance in their
video so I think I leave it up to you
brother it's just out of love yeah there
you go you see it's not that bad guys
anyways that's a little sneak peek guys
stay tuned but for now we're heading out
so let's go and let's get out of here
yo whoever owns this house I want it I
want this house right here we have boys
right now we are on our way back to the
hotel cruising around la it feels so
good in a convertible hey William way up
hey dad dad we are back at the hotel
right now but I just realized something
and it's something important today is
Black Friday
thank you in case you don't know what
Black Friday is it's that day in the
year where everywhere has crazy sales
and people literally kill each other
because of these sales I did listen I
just want to say don't worry it's not
gonna be that crazy because normally all
the craziness happens in the morning and
people are like beating each other up
for everything but we're gonna see if we
can find anything while the cells are
still there and I know this video is
coming out on like Sunday
listen it's Friday now when I'm
recording so don't be smart with me all
right
let's go to the sales
you what guys so we just made it to the
mall and look at how many Tesla's are
charging five hi guys so sigan ended up
getting some Gucci slippers for his mom
this actually looks really nice yeah
really nice and black I think we came
too late
so we literally just got to the mall and
it's supposed to be Black Friday and the
ton of cells are suppose to be happening
there's no seal bro maybe they just
don't want to give us a discount they
know we come from Dubai no if nobody's
fighting me and you this fight but now
we are heading straight back out in the
Mercedes guys honestly I actually really
liked this car after driving it by the
way just in case there's any keyboard
warriors already typing in the comment
section yes this is a rental okay you
should all know we're renting this car
we don't live in the United States right
there's already people like it's not his
car yeah no Sherlock
oh so we are back in the hotel right now
I've got some rich really bad hiccups I
don't know what's wrong like snap out of
it you already know what time it is
right now I'm actually gonna end off
today's like here I don't you don't want
me to leave but I have to but here's the
thing couple reminders before you go
number one don't forget to give away
okay I literally have two giveaways
happening simultaneously
okay the iPhone X and the snapchat
glasses so make sure to enter for those
and secondly I just wanna say guys
sometimes you just kind of enjoy life I
and the reason I'm saying that is today
literally driving around was just so
enjoyable like have you ever done
something so simple and enjoyed it a lot
like have you ever just sat at the beach
of the like you know I like this stay
tuned all the big stuff is coming
alright so if you're new around here
subscribe be a part of the family and as
always I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
