good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog unfortunately today's vlog cast and
start kind of depressing so we're gonna
get sorted out though but someone came
and scratched our name but you can see
there is a huge scratch I'm trying to
show you okay there you go you can see
goes up down up down up down up down so
yeah
however because we do have CCTV footage
we are gonna get it story down now with
police and yeah we just have to be a
really bad start to a vlog I guess stuff
like this happens but it will get sorted
out and yeah that's all I have to say
pretty much okay you can see the scratch
shows up down and Wow okay so the police
are on their way now and everything
should be sorted out hopefully but yeah
I mean stuff happens I guess yeah there
is but you can really see it dug and see
it with the videos even here you can see
on the video you can see there's a huge
scratch guys I'm sure everything we saw
it out thankfully we do have CCTV so
it's all on camera obviously we're not
going to show that just because we're
going to use that for the police and I
don't think you really want to see
anyone scratching it's not really a nice
thing to show well yeah there you go
it's a huge scratch
I'm just videoing it just so I can have
it as well I really just don't know what
to say today like today just went from
being all good to all bad but stuff
happens in life you always have your
turns good and bad hopefully this isn't
too bad the police are coming I know the
soil out because we do have food so it's
really easy to I guess tell who did it
because their face will be on the CCTV
but yeah I mean it just have to start
like this today and yeah remembers
having a bad day just though I guess
everybody does it's just like why would
someone do that you know I mean it's
just really confusing I guess I'm not
too sure to be honest it's not really
about the fact that the car is scratched
it's not like about anything to do all
fixing it or anything that's not
really an issue at all it's just the
fact that someone would do this if you
know I mean I was actually planning to
do a 50k special video today or record
it anyways but because of the situation
I really don't feel to do it so I'm
sorry if that video does get the lead we
just have to sort this problem out which
is a big problem
like not because the car is scratch but
because someone has done this is
obviously a crime then it's just sorted
out so today is probably going to be a
lot with the police they're on their way
now and yeah it's just a bummer
I was literally in such a good mood to
do my 50k special which hour tell you
guys and I think I did tell you is like
going to be reading me comments and just
trying to be like a funny video out of
it but I'm not sure if I do that anymore
maybe I will if I do it might be a bit
late but yeah it's kind of a shitty
situation to be in at the moment so the
police just called us they are coming in
right now to the area I'll keep you
updated on what happens and yeah today
has just been one of those days
update police came here we filled up
police report my sisters quickly getting
all the evidence and she's on the phone
right there and she can see she's
discretely trying to get all the CCTV
footage we need to go take into the
police station but yeah I guess this is
a different vlog I know just trying to
turn a bad situation into a good so
smash the like button if anyone's having
a bad day themselves and let's try and
make this bad situation and a pair
situation time to take the car we're
taking it to the police station so yeah
let's go
okay so we're going out with the lamb or
that means a day for once which is good
news for you guys you guys always love
the Lambo right nope we're just on our
way and yeah let go okay
so Lambo adventures begins guys are
coming and I think i justed my seat
badly I feel weird today in it but we
are going you know you guys always love
it when I'm out with this car watch that
video should I do like should I do like
I know some people do like some videos
with cars I'm not sure exactly what to
do a lot of you had suggestions so leave
down below what we can do
I know obviously the wrapping has to
come you guys have said so many ideas to
my email and I am looking through them I
know you guys like why haven't you done
already but like there's so many
combinations I just want to do it really
nice for the first time so we're just
gonna have to wait a little bit I'll go
through some designs again and just
finally figure out I told you it might
take like a month or so so just bear
with me I'll be getting loads of cars
like something looking for straight like
why is Lambo no rap channel so I can
calm down or do it soon hopefully
I try to go right
and we're finding the our destination
guys we're going to go and I'll see you
off of this and I'll keep you updated
peace I have to go home I'm going to go
home and explain everything and yeah
everything I'll sort out thanks Lily
alright so we're finally home and I just
wanted to clarify you guys on what
happened basically we did go to the
police station everything was sorted out
perfectly I want to thank the officers
for handling it so nicely and yet
there's nothing to worry about anymore
it's all going to get dealt with we are
getting a quotation now to fix it and
yet everything is perfect there's
nothing to worry about but I guess it is
unfortunate that it happens but it got
dealt with very smoothly and nicely so
yeah nothing to worry about I guess it
did make for a different video today
like the morning I wasn't talking to
clearly I was kind of in shock it was
like oh my god someone came in scratch
the car but it's all good now so yeah
let's enjoy the vlog and let's continue
with today's eventful day type of thing
we're going out now to eat because I was
really hungry I just had like some food
outside with a couple friends you know
that huge guy you guys saw another vlog
I was having like some chicken wings or
something like that way yeah let's go
and a life unique I remember someone
named Toby what's his name told me it
was like Sabrina
sabirah I'm not too sure okay I'm gonna
have to look at more names and okay this
video make sure you guys name him or
name her put a girl name on her and yeah
we'll pick one top comet gets to be the
new name is that good yeah okay so it's
time to go out wait Jesus I'll turn on
the light so I leave this one on the
ground right leave it on nice let's go
anyways as I was saying it's go time
we're gonna go eat outside if you're new
to the channel subscribe I don't know
why I'm saying this I haven't said this
in a long time
but yeah make sure to hit that sub
button and yeah we need to get this car
sorted out soon so I'll keep you updated
on that should be soon we have to just
get like a little paint job done
all right so you come to aprons and
hammers you got to see this restaurant
before yeah we're about sorry buns on
it's like this geeky place and yep
so let's get talking so that's the Bucky
Oh crabs and the plate that's a the
right way around
is that good crap we're all done with
the food you can see my sister eight
immersive I'm not really into seafood
why do you try it sometime
I love their starter cause it's like
stock team project finish now esteem
Franz is deserved
but yeah we're about to go I'm gonna go
have myself to show up but it's like
meat in a bread that's my main course
I'd like had a little story here because
I said I've already had too good but
they are really nice let's take this
apron off well it's kind of wrapped
around here and let's go anyways guys I
just got home and I wanted to apologize
today's blog hasn't been up to normal
length not too much happened and you
probably can tell why I guess it was a
really weird day nevertheless car got
scratched it all got sorted out
perfectly though so that that is not an
issue or the police story that out
magnificently huge thanks to them
everything went smoothly and yet but
nevertheless it still was a very odd day
I guess everything it's not really a
normal day but I did try and stay
positive for you guys I really don't
like letting things affect me like was
especially when something like this
happens I think the best thing to do is
not let it affect you because then you
kind of prove that what has happened
didn't really affect you at all
but if you guys did enjoy today's look
properly or clicked on it just to see
what happened like when I saw happy I
was like what but yeah I know like you
guys always want to know what's going on
so that's why I filled you in today I
didn't want to keep a secret thing so I
let me just show you guys me and let's
try and hit a thousand likes to go
completely against the negativity today
and make it a positive situation and
yeah I think you guys should do that
with anything in life if something tries
to knock you down just get back up and
keep going but yet I know I'm probably
sounding like so dumb right now I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's vlog hope it is
going to be much better
mister stick around if you're new
subscriber or yet you're new watcher
press subscribe and you're going to be
in for some bad luck student come and
yet the only real negative the only
negative today was the fact that I
didn't record a 50k special I really
wanted to do something funny like
reading mean tweets not tweets I mean
reading me comments or something I'll
try to do it might be out late
I might just not doing I'm not too sure
I'll probably try and do it cuz I don't
want to let it I don't want the
situation to affect my videos brcs words
in tomorrow's video Yolo Yolo goodbye
peace
