good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I'm currently getting massaged by
bubbles go show him I hurt it hurt all
he's making me is actually scratching
okay so we're going out right now to do
a bit of exercise and I need to be
completely honest with you guys I've
kind of been sad recent not sad but I'm
not sure what the word is but I haven't
been doing exercise and it's been
driving me crazy in the vlogs I see I'm
starting to gain a bit of weight on my
face because that's on you I can really
tell on the vlogs and yeah that's kind
of driving me crazy so today I was like
you guys I told my mom and sister do you
want to go and do some exercise they
were up for it so that's what we're
gonna go do now also I don't know what
they've done actually I think they
brought all the dirt from Outback to in
front of here so let's go check okay I
can see where this dirt is coming from
guys look at that oh my god I'm scared
to go in where's my own sister wait
let's let them come and see this is off
come Allah are worthy all right come see
this okay gonna see like a huge hole
there's like a massive hole okay let's
go I want to jump in it look at this
look at this come whitish during the
loan look at that hole you see that
hey wants a holy camera I want to go
inside it no the guy was inside it trust
me already
yes why are you gonna go inside and be
careful you don't touch something really
moment get away from me I owe it sir
okay okay and that age might go down oh
this is solid Alice sir
can you use come on yeah we're in
something Oh that edge was about to go
yeah ready yeah so that was kind of
dangers I share in a bunker
I didn't expect it to go and I was just
gonna hop into the hole to try and get
like a cool little shot but yet all of
the dirt from here is the one that's
gone outside but yeah should hopefully
be done soon what do you think oh I
remember a new name's Sabrina someone
said I think anyways besides from that
let's go and do what I set out to do
which is a good bit of exercise so
hopefully I can lose these chubby cheeks
and yeah
start looking good again alright the run
has started here I'm gonna stop
recording because it's bouncy so let's
see you in like a couple hundred meters
exercise is finest oh you can do it
mommy mo is lucky - Kay let's go let's
go alright so although we're walking now
I still really like running / walking
because at this time it's like 6 o'clock
the weather is perfect the Sun has just
gone down so you're not going to be
boiling and it has like a small little
breeze if it does come into the footage
I'm sorry but it's really good for
running you know your squad reporting in
lazy members at the back run here we are
after a criminal she's heading towards
the alleyway we need backup it's getting
super dark oh my god we can't see her
anymore okay we are pursuing the
criminal we can see her shoes
brightening up the street we need backup
she's running she is running please help
us
oh yes we've got we got pursuit cars
helicopters are flying in quickly gonna
take a shower you can probably see I'm
actually sweating so that was a good
workout for today she was badly running
like she was yeah to be honest me like
even me I haven't been running for ages
so even that like 1 to 2 kilometer run
was so hard for me are we barely even
ran the acquitting I take a shower in my
hand like can you see that they're shiny
okay you can't really see it you can see
a little oh yeah see off of the shower
cuz does a decent workout I hope I can
continue alright just finish taking a
shower and I feel amazing that is the
best part about doing exercise once you
come home and take a shower
you just feel on top of the world
alright I'm gonna get ready go
downstairs and see what we're doing
today
look what bubbles has been doing you
ready he has literally been dead asleep
in my room oh oh is that stretcher he
did like a little snore bar type of
thing I know I've been showing this too
much in the blog recently but I actually
don't know how I've lived without a
popsicle maker
I was here at the PI light hmm so I'm
ready to go out now and we are going
somewhere kind of special not really
we're going to Nando's and you guys
probably know I used to go Nando's and
my friends all the time yeah kind of
missed them to be honest now that I'm
here shut all of them Kyrie James
Jonas Josh Chris I think I said everyone
I'm not too sure if I did miss them out
I'm really sorry but yeah shout to my
brothers that we always used to go to
Nando's is two of them actually snapchat
me today and they're watching my vlogs
from uni if you guys don't know Union
started in England or London however but
yeah we're going to go Nando's hi
everyone taste the same without the mill
oh yeah I might even put a throwback
video faster I'm not too sure if I
having me but yet we're gonna go in
there hopefully it tastes the same as it
used to kitty I'm going Nando's Jonah
come bubbles talk to me meow I swear you
never listen to me it's like you always
want to make me look dumb oh okay I see
how is bowls okay okay so it's finally
go time time to go to Nando's just
quickly going to go put this outside you
guys have this in other countries I
don't London doesn't have it I'm pretty
sure it doesn't have any ways like in
America do you have this system where
you put these bottles outside and they
come and fill it and yeah you take it
from outside the next morning or not so
we finally got here at Nando's menu out
here the time to go inside the menu
pretty much looks the same as the menu
London behind me complete all the sauces
are stacked up to the ceiling cup I
think I'm just going to go for a normal
hot chicken combination I always have
probably hot like tomatoes I don't
really know me up why I have medium
let's just be a bit more daring place
the drink just got you I wanted to show
you the clean shots take gaming they're
actually like this shape I can't talk
but you guys does like bed but you are
about to eat when I have my food now so
I'll see y'all we'll finish our food is
super delicious kill my mom and my
sister what is that the moves are not
foods always going on to be honest if
you're here take the recommendations
from the go Hoff don't go anything else
top tastes really nice lose them
completely delicious much as that like
what was it
go harder go
trust me it's not too hot and it tastes
delicious but we are done here so cold I
were sure let me see
I think because I have a cold it makes
like my body is weak I guess it is a
good difference if I winter here and
that outside spy summers I remember me
and all my friends to be here now
they're not here anymore what did you
just do that you think I I miss my
friends they always used to be like we
used to we used to roll out two diapers
together friends
I'll see you guys summer if not we
remain Christmas but I don't think maybe
sorrow probably ok so we're done at nad
does this now this is actually in a
hotel I'm not exactly sure what the name
of the hotel is got a cool little
seating area here let me sit down you
know oh hey a lot I'd literally it's
literally got like three chairs it's got
three chairs in a triangular shape you
know what that means
you know what's coming up triangle I
said sure all right um I just ate I can
take it for I'm too full
what motel is this father telogen you
don't even know the day for hotel where
everywhere we go out to take like a
million photos and you guys already know
these photos ain't coming out until like
three weeks later it's ridiculous it's
like she's just not loading her birthday
photos I uploaded that one yeah she's
uploading photos before her birthday
he was already uploaded birthday vlogs
yeah they have to go in the order I
swear this bone looks like it's wet
I don't know why is that just me guys
does it actually look like there's like
war because of that color change oh look
at my mom she's standing on the Grahams
the instagrams my mom is stunting on the
grams and guys thumbs this blog or
anything my mom should get an Instagram
oh my god this vlog is gonna be like my
most liked video here that I was like
thumbs this video if you think my mom
should get Instagram I figured it out I
figured out Lana look at me triangle
another pick oh my god this has been
like year
four thousand photos lead later oh my
god it's like women everywhere so every
photo uploads on Instagram she has to go
through a thousand to pick all right
there you go
just check if it's good but the good
part about coming to Nando's in a hotel
is that you can park in the hotel which
one of these are we going to get into I
think it should be this one Open Sesame
thank you okay time to go home now so my
brother just finished driving us to
somewhere cool Paris all dear something
sweet yeah he wanted to have some Arabic
sweets so we're just waiting for him to
come back I'll show you the place right
now so you can all look this is the name
of the sweet place you can see it yeah
so we're waiting for him to come back so
basically my brother won to try some
sweets from there and yeah he's just
coming back so talk to you guys soon yo
your squad Oh kitty was sleeping on the
floor oh look your kitty you're sleeping
on the floor guys you're so cute you're
so cute
there's still kids right how old are you
kids up to
no no but like how old are kins like two
you could have kids and not like cats up
to one years
siddhart 11 months how many months I
said October well this is something yes
yeah but so guess why is there 11 months
yeah anyways hopefully you guys did
enjoy today's vlog you went to Nando's
Isis you know what I'm in London kind of
made me feel guilty going without my
friends you know we had a whole squad
routine owes like every Saturday Nando's
but it was good the chick the spicy
chicken oh my god that was on point
it was literally so delicious but for
now we'll see you guys there my sister
hasn't
now in a long time yeah a young squad
I'll see you guys next time peace
Lockett extras we're in the kitchen what
is that why do I always end my vlog and
then always have blog extras PS did you
guys hit the like button till now yeah I
hear you guys doing yet okay I got one
question for you why why are you always
eyeing oh my god stop fuckin lying but
make sure to smash the like button now
if that did make you smile oh and ya
won't be here tomorrow a thousand likes
and I will personally make an Instagram
account imagine I just like stop being
frozen for latter-day Johanna an
Instagram account mom doesn't like
Instagram she's like no why would I
propose of myself a life but let's try
two thousand likes and I'll just make an
Instagram and just pretend like I'm her
see you guys there peace out
