good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it's actually quite early for me
today it's like 1 o'clock and I'm going
to the movies loving friends obviously
it's going to be like yesterday again
I'm not going to put them in the vlog
too much and I'm gonna meet up with my
mum and sister or something in my after
that so yeah should be a pretty
interesting vlog I don't know what movie
we're gonna go watch but it should be
fun alright so I'm here at the cinemas
I'm just waiting for my friends to show
up my family friends and I'm looking
through the movies now I think hitman
could be a possibility to watch that's
the movie or anything else depends on
the time they get here because I think
hitman is on right now so I just have to
see what movie you watch
oh yeah just at the cinemas right now
I'm going to watch a movie and then head
off to me up with Lana and my mom
okay so change of plans guys the moving
we are going to go watch is called the
transporter now it's like a big movie
I've seen a lot of trailers on it three
funny opera like a dinosaur actually if
it is good I'll let you know if the
movie so you guys could go watch if you
want as well so yeah obviously I can't
record in the movie so this is the last
you're going to see of me before we go
in and they're going to dinosaur we just
finished watching the movie it was a
really good movie you should check it
out if you haven't seen it
and emotional mouths - stop - but we
should be reuniting them soon so let's
just see if they are blogging is going
to cut to them so yeah you can see them
now look at this huge hole climb you
guys
I think you can actually fly this I'm
not sure on which it is I'm going to try
and check until you guys
okay so we're done at the moon now it's
a pretty nice movie we're just going to
go meet up with my mom
fact about my sister she doesn't like
movies that's what you come with me
let's go we started we can't stop it
okay I'm home let's see what my mom and
sister are up to well bubble seems to be
excited on home there's key sitting on
the couch Trumbull was formless go
upstairs okay come on sister are up
steps
alright so did you blog when I was away
nothing
I just found out my sister didn't do any
vlogs at home so when I said that we'll
cut to her clip I guess it never did
because there was no clip to cut - it's
time to go out now though and I think
we're going to go eat there's my mom
she's already as well Wow the lighting
is so different from this side of the
room to this side it looks like it's
like a studio set like you know the
cameras the lighting is different
alright let's go so bubbles is where Z
is the under there there's your little
bed bubbles
oh please coming to me I just heard you
from my dances is it licking it uh see
why complaining a bubble too big it's
okay I'm sorry
no but was it such boil okay you ready
to go let go downstairs
come on ones come let's go let's go
but yeah it's a Saturday guys today I
think so anyways so it's the weekend and
it is super super busy so that's why a
lot of the vlog is not even going to be
outside where we are spending our day
it's going to be inside cos literally
outside there's so much noise in the
Moors and background noise obviously I
don't know if you can hear me but I'm
going to try my best anyways to cool to
show you the cool stuff like that big
super hole girls next to you know but I
did a bit bigger than them and here
let's go out alright so we did that
change of spot we're now in one of the
Emirates I would divide all my friends
and now be my friend
motive deference we're going to go eat
and just have a
at the household you know just a normal
casual day
I know why she was able to
oh sure let's see what they wear they
have good food
all right so recurrently at this Indian
restaurant who pushes the menu looks a
bit like this for ordering our food it
should countries I'll tell you how it
tastes
it looks delicious just on when says
hopefully the big page the same way and
I'll show you what's the dish gets yeah
it's a really nice like area those II
once I forget you like it wasn't gonna
blog this right now I received my
starters it's a chicken soup look how
pretty it looks
with
these are just a dips either okay
look out who the brightest cycnus
cone-shaped thing I mean you like fill
it up with a bit mask oh I'm gonna be up
here like this it tastes pretty sight oh
yeah
I just had the chicken night racing
fantastic
strawberry and this is I've no idea but
I'm looking for this looks really nice a
story with passion my favorite
okay so our dishes just go here I want
to show you why what so I got the
specialty like three different kebabs
this is chicken lamb
and I'm just guessing chicken again on
my mum's side she got some soup
finally my sister Shaw
and dr. dunks are very honest
number you
and then they pour it for his great
heart and so far their taste is so
amazing
I think I showed you I'm not too sure
but there's like a brief music ding
going I'm not sure how when I got it
like a restaurant who tribes and they're
like going like with drums and
everything I wish I could have recorded
I'm not sure how it came out hard to see
hey I'm just going to dig into my food
now and finish up dessert time guys it's
super delicious secret
Perpich rolls which are Marisa's and
then we have a carrot cake I think I'm
going to enjoy my carrot cake I think
I'll be going for some of my sister's
terrific rolls
I'm trying
alright well that is the end of our food
we literally ate everything my let me
try to show you
like I tried the conferral and it wasn't
what I thought it had treatment size
that I had cinnamon I didn't really like
it that much my sister loved it though
so it was still quite good oil to say
was bad it just it wasn't why I expected
well yeah what we're going to head out
of here the food was really nice like
the states are pretty good food and all
the decorations I like sort of my liquor
like look at the lamps on the seat or
you've already tell enough playing
awkward but I'm not sure what we're
going to do exactly now but I guess you
guys are going to see it anyway
yeah go for it
yellow we're in the space and they were
all these collectors was there's more
over there
and it's like this Barbie stand type of
thing you can see we're just waiting to
see the rest of them there's more of a
yearling and see with there's the Barbie
and then put them why they like let's
read about it it's from a private
collection pretty cool right yeah just
gives you the Hudson collection there's
more over there
yeah that more barking collections over
here you can see one there wow it's like
a whole type of a Barbie in Rock and
Royals just hear my mom 'let there's
more over here it's the Barbie Collector
day
Wow look how nice that one is guys it's
got like a whole little black sting like
my mom look look at it looks so nice
it's I guess it's not really interesting
for me but I could see how you would see
it nice
hi guys I met a really nice guy you know
you even saw a lot of lungs
yeah Canada and I just saw you here yeah
that's awesome please
the radios impression that we saw it
thanks a lot it really means a lot when
you guys come saying aye
all right well that's the Barbie my mom
and favorite my mouse is just favorite
Barbie you can see and yeah it's a
really nice Barbie collection alright
guys so I just got home and I've been
uploading my video right now but I
wanted to talk to you guys a little bit
now obviously today I met some people in
the mall it was really exciting and I
love when I meet you guys so thanks for
stopping by and talking to me like I
think I get big more excited than people
being me but yeah that was a really cool
thing also I've got some big news by
can't say it's so far but you will see
in the upcoming vlogs some exciting
things might be happening but I'm not
going to say until it does happen
because I don't want it to be like a
complete fan unit doesn't happen also
but I've got this really cool perfume
let me show you show them your perfume
it looks really cool I don't know what
it is and they smell really nice so that
is something as well but if you did
enjoyed today's long hopefully you did
smash the like button I'm not sure if it
was up to normal let's just because it
was super busy today hopefully you guys
understand that it's kind of getting a
bit difficult to keep up with these
babies but there is some exciting stuff
coming up ok let's try and open this
let's see what it is
can't open it now which way is opened
I'm not sure indeed you open it no sir
all right we don't your nice open
perfume but there we have bubbles just
sleeping what's wrong bubbles what's
wrong oh my lord they are look at that
that is really awesome
oh that's like a sliding door look at
that that's fancy yeah as I was saying
so exciting news I'm not sure exactly
when I'll be telling you guys because I
don't know what it's exactly happening
either but it shouldn't be within this
next week hopefully you definitely know
when the video is out there's no nice
yeah yeah again thanks again for
supporting me with these videos it's
really awesome to see that people do you
actually enjoy my videos like that's the
best thing I know like it always gets
cliche on YouTube is like oh I love
people supporting my videos and it's
really or somebody
that's the best feeling you know it
sounds like I watch your videos and like
they make me feel good or whatever it's
just so amazing but as I was saying I'm
going on too much now if you did enjoy
this video smash the like button I'll
see you guys tomorrow you scored young
lay your load goodbye by the way just
just an extra for the vlog let me know
if any of you made this cake that me and
my mom made a couple days ago I'm not I
don't think any of you have but the
jelly side don't make it just don't make
it don't bother just go with the right
knee left side
well the jelly side if you make you just
don't put them in a mess I'm sorry I
felt so bad I thought it'd make it look
nice but me my heart is like having a
little snack now so we're like let's get
out the cake but let me know if you did
try this cake and thumbs up if you got
this far into the video and let's see
what should you write write like 10 just
write 10 the number 10 somewhere in your
message don't even just write 10 because
then people would know why just like
write a message I write 10 in the middle
so I know your cell phone you watch till
now so yeah thanks a lot and I'll see
you guys next time peace
