good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it's not really the morning it's
like 5:00 in the evening I'm sorry I
start today's vlog so today I was just
busy editing this morning but I wanted
to show you something really cool now
this is a patchy chalk line or we have
these it's not so special this season I
really wanted to show you we can see
it's got like some little gold thing
which is really nice with it but I was
in the fridge today and let me show you
why family is really really awesome so
let me just quickly open it show you I
literally opened it I was like what is
this but we've got a huge gold bar in
our fridge it's not obviously gold it's
chocolate from Harrods but I thought
this is pretty who just wanted to show
you guys I think we're giving it to one
of our friends so I was going to show
you before we gave it away because I
found it so cool but yeah I'm gonna put
it back in this place the daughter in it
and yet let's see what we do today okay
so my sister left her phone downstairs
and she's making me get it but I was
going to use this time to show you one
of her like 20 phones I'm joking she has
like four or five but this one's a
pretty cool one it's a blackberry
Porsche and yeah that's her phone here
you go so lazy wait are you recording
another video today oh look at the
studio guys looks so amazing it's like
literally where every girl shoot service
I'm chucking your phone down I showed
them your phone by the way is okay I'll
see you alright so I'm in my room and
I'm just gonna sort out everything but
before I do that I'm going to open this
package so you guys see what's in it so
it's a handcrafted like vast thing that
we bought in the airport coming from
South Africa yes me and my family have
visited South Africa before you've been
there twice so that's a little fact for
you guys you've been there on holiday
and yes so I just really hope it hasn't
broken cuz it's very delicate and yeah I
don't want it to break so I'm going to
put the camera down on the stand unless
you see if it survived
all right so it's out guys and it is
completely intact I'm not sure how it
got here alive
this is literally a masterpiece I really
loved it and yeah how how it got here
without even one part of it breaking off
I'm not sure but there you go I'm gonna
have another clip of me at a very angle
so you can see it properly you can kind
of see it there look at that here it is
I better not drop this but that is the
handcrafted masterpiece I'm going to
show you everything so you can see that
that's why I was worried I was going to
break because they actually come out
like the heads come straight up the bar
so happily you got here I'm going to put
this in my room very delicate I just
really want to keep a lid on to it
because it is something really nice or I
think so anyways hopefully you guys like
it is off alright so something a bit
exciting is happening now me and my mum
I might just start going out my sister's
dropping me in my mum off to go do some
shopping and the reason we're doing the
shopping is we're going to come back and
do some cooking this is going to
probably be on my mum's Channel I'm
gonna still show you a lot of it though
on this channel so yeah let's get back
and start the cooking we're just about
to head out I turned this lamp on just
so you can see me
my sister's in the car ready to go so
yeah should be a bit different today
look what we ran into this is a cat in
our area and it's super cute apparently
lives around here but that is so
adorable it's so nice and white oh we're
gonna go home now
okay so we're home now and I'm just
going to show you everything we got
clearly I think I showed you a couple in
the clips but that's probably going to
my mom's channel anyways so we got two
of these cream things that we're going
to be using then obviously I had to get
M&Ms these were just spare I know it's
probably the second time I'm showing you
all of this stuff because I might use my
mom's Phipps to show you that who I got
actually no this is not going for the
cake my bad this is not also going to
the cake but the rest of the stuff are
some big bees biscuits make bitty rich
tea lights and we got two of them so
that's the second one now we've also got
two of these these jello type of things
so get yourself two of them and yeah I
think that is pretty much it actually we
also did get smart cheese now this is
all of like the Smarties and then ran
through the lectures I think I might
start making the cake out I'm not sure
we'll give my sister a call to see if
she's back and we can make it with her
but for now look at bubbles bubbles
what's wrong bubbles oh you missed us
we've been gone for like 20 minutes that
makes ah that's what he wants he wants
cat food are you can smell it alright
we're going to go feed the kids anyways
now and then I'll see if I'm going to
start making the cake now is that my
sister or wait until she gets back and
helps us I was it's feeding time
don't levels it's boot time I don't know
don't fall down full bubbles come back
here
go time guys you're about to make the
cake it's all going to get recorded from
the proper camera but you
have little sneak peeks of me doing it
here I don't know how to make a cake I'm
just going to go with the third this is
actually harder than it looks like
filming this is actually taking a long
time like I just have to keep cutting
and redoing some scenes but we're on to
like the special part so make sure to
check this video once it comes out by
the way guys if you enjoy this series of
how to think that beer mom are doing
thumbs up this video and I'll try and
get like one cookie Episode a week or
maybe every two weeks I'm not sure how
frequently I'll do it but look at the
cake it's turning out delicious that's
half of it we're just putting a coating
of chocolate there it's turning up nice
and we're gonna have jelly on this side
you're going to see the final product
soon so just wait for that oh yeah last
layer guys tough our cake is finished
now we're just gonna put it in the
fridge and we'll wait for the other half
look at this so far this is me cooking
with my mom oh my god it looks delicious
like ah I'm a food guy you should
probably know that by now so I'm just
loving this we're going to put it in the
fridge right now wait for our jello to
become a bit thicker and finish up the
cake while I was waiting for the other
half of the cake to get ready I was
reading through some of my youtube
comments now someone asked me mol are
you going to the games 15 in diviner I
asked it what it is I'm just waiting for
reply by one and searched it I think
it's some sort of like game con type of
thing going on so I might actually try
and get my tickets so that I'm not too
sure just got to see what this guy says
well or if he doesn't reply I would just
go research a bit more about it so that
might be happening I've never been to an
event before we just have to see don't
take my word for it yeah I don't want to
like create like some excitement and I
do
Gober I know it might be pretty cool if
I do end up getting tickets and going
I'll definitely let you guys know so you
could come there and we could hang out
and talk and stuff like that but just
don't take my word for it yeah I just
need to still look at what it is and
stuff like that
and if I can even make you on the day
okay we finally finished our cake I want
to show you how it looks like look at
that that is half jello hot chocolate
we're going to let the jello side freeze
and then take out the partition look
super delicious thumbs up if you want me
to do this like weekly or every two
weeks with my mom
damn this is delicious I can't wait I'm
gonna like obviously once it freezes I
can hold it up for you guys and get a
nice thumbnail with my mom but yeah this
is pretty much the cake that we made you
know me and my mom so yeah I see once
it's finished but that's probably gonna
happen tomorrow so I'm going to wrap up
the vlog here as I said go check out the
full video I'm not too sure how much of
the cooking scenes I'm going to have on
this video I might put a lot just in
case I want to like show you guys
properly what we did or I might not have
too much regardless I will leave a link
to the other video on the new channel
that we're going to make so you guys can
go make this at home but yeah if you
didn't do any view make sure this
national like I'll see you guys tomorrow
yelled at Yolo good bye yo yo Scott blog
extras the cake is fine even finished
gave me the jelly side is frozen PS like
the video if you got this far because I
don't know if you watch off the now show
but you're an awesome cake I'm gonna eat
it tomorrow not today what
gonna get home - aw
