good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today we're taking the Lamborghini
for a car wash but before we do that I'm
gonna do a fair cleaning in the kitchen
so I'll see once you take the car out
I like bills pay her every day
all right I need to apologize guys my
information was wrong we're not washing
the car today I think we're going
tomorrow so don't worry the name of this
video won't even be like Lambo car wash
I'm not gonna say that Pacific like kid
my sister's cat key just sneezed on her
she actually peed in my room she peed on
my tennis racket but that's cuz she was
sick and she'd fallen asleep in my room
and I'm just guessing what you woke up
she had to quickly go and she found the
quickest place was to go to my room
she's lying down here together look at
kitty she's super sick today
alright so I think my sister is finished
according her new video I finished oh oh
my god you only go into the studio guys
watch your sigh okay they want to see
the studio get on my way man get on my
way well if she's got a camera she got
the lighting coming in and then she's
got all this fancy makeup equipment you
know popping bottles out here popping
makeup Inglot boroughs yeah it's like
the new syrup for me copper wherever it
is look at her she's having sold she's
so excited
I need another makeup tutorial it's this
look that I've got now so I should be
uploading it soon I hope the Lighting's
okay if not I will get new lighting for
a makeup because we'll make up a bit
tricky when you've got dim light so yeah
but this is me kitty like she liked
playing with these little ribbon things
let me get up good so hard to show you
see kitty all right so it's late at
night guys and we're making our way to a
restaurant to eat now the reason it's so
late cuz I'm literally I've uploaded my
video an hour ago and YouTube hasn't
published it so if you haven't already
watched a video called unleashing the
Lamborghini I'm going to try and have an
annotation on screen if not the link or
like I don't know yeah the link will be
in the description so make sure to check
it out
Oh
look at this car guys you got them and
we're finally here guys in all honesty
my video still hasn't published to you
guys which are my subscribers so I'm
going to tell you now if you're someone
who missed my video you should probably
follow me on either Instagram Twitter
Facebook anything that you're normally
active on all my links are in the
description so go follow me or I don't
know what it is on them social media
sites and you will know where my videos
are at so like the lambo video you won't
miss it I know a lot of you wanted to
see the video so it's kind of
disappointing that I had to happen on
that video but yeah you can still check
it out now links will be in the
description ok so we're here at the
restaurant and my sister found yourself
an apron and just for when you eat our
phone is off
the
Wow
Wow yeah
there you go take this from an ore mine
so guys we're in apron and hammers I've
been here before and I really like their
food so if you haven't tried it you
should it's in jumeirah beach work sorry
and jbr it's really nice so we're just
trying on their aprons it's really good
you can basically make sure that you
don't mess your car so yeah very good
idea so well you need to you need to
adjust the top part
that's all I largest society see they
make it so you can like make sure it's
fitted to your body size but yeah I
really like this restaurant and right
now ordered actually I'll show you that
order when it comes yeah Charlie Charlie
yes they can see you you know you're
working on your site just got drinks and
you can see your boys are shut out here
it's like family chef take
so we're on the bread stars at the
moment mine with the bar over here I
think this is gonna be the favorite part
of my dish
yeah she like lobster shrimp which is
really nice obviously when it found
here's something who I found it's called
aprons and hammers this is really good
so you can use this in life OK's is for
this
just become smarter
extra
hit your head in with your soluti hit
your head and you will become smart as
you want to eat and do that it's like an
exercise
I'm only joking don't try this out so
mom what are you doing
we've got this very amazing glove here
just kind of tight I think I'm the most
embarrassing person a whisper that's the
view okay but we are putting this on
give me a moment
I swear you're not eating like a lobster
I'm the one eating lobster okay on this
box where that is no safety bag you got
a hammer so you do you get a lobster you
smash it and with it like this
everywhere I won't go on your head so
this is ieave you guys I recommend this
place already there's so many cool sorry
but my brother's just being really crazy
right now it's a good idea to wear
gloves
sometimes like especially for ladies
right like me I've got nails and these
extensions they're very difficult like
when you're eating so you don't want to
get your nails
we should try that it's actually really
like oh I would sell the restaurant like
this upper hammer and stuff like that so
that we even have we even have easting
triking it's a lobster opener and looked
like ours I thought it was like you know
what I might clip out knife type of
things but obviously it's not just one
of them what's a good lobster crackers
or whether you call yourself pretty cool
I give I give the creativeness off this
restaurant a 10 out of 10 for everything
you could think off that you're gonna
play with no hammers yeah we're just
gonna wait till our food comes you know
my mom is reckoned hammer you know she's
about to hit me here which is doing a
modeling photo shoot so if you have any
business inquiries you know just just DM
send it to my business email and yep
we'll be there modeling for you guys
guys if you're sorry but my brother is
really embarrassing in the restaurant
you sitting
a glove it is like the government
rejected there's nothing in my hands
away
anything you're taiking
then I came from no it's so Larry it
just I saw that and anyone who looks at
the video can see there's a bit in your
hand no nothing here
we're lucky this restaurant life is not
fair because I'll be so embarrassed with
him doing all these magic tricks
here we have a turn
that's the third yo yo yo yo yo squad
endo we have yo your squad remember that
guy we are yo yo yo I see you guys in
every comment section be nice if you pop
the mobile of your squad those are this
color if I find any of them comments of
the first two thumbs it up you know
apart is for you do we are here yes
because we're family remember that
your squad okay so all the food got here
first of all starting with my amazing
chicken then my sister and then there is
like Lobster and there's the grilled
fish you know we have the grilled fish
you know we are here we eating some
stuff but obviously the chicken is the
best because I picked it and yeah bye
bye okay so we finished destroying our
food and literally all finished eating
well not really finished I'm doing the
rest that is the take way cuz I'm full
now we're just going to have chocolate
on dark cakes out of it chocolate from
dark how'd you say it chocolate on Don
Alderon is my favorite dessert for all
of you
it is droplet cake with ice cream that's
really huge it I always have to cut off
my sister she goes into some
inspirational speeches I gotta say it's
basically like a lava cake it's like
it's like a shape of a mountain and then
sometimes they put the ice cream on top
but it
well this is exciting guys we got some
little pots to wash our let's see I bet
this is mines cold
no--don't versus for yours as high as
well okay so the desert got here
obviously and now okay I'm going to give
it to the expert so she can talk you
into what is going on as you can see is
the chocolate run down its got vanilla
ice cream and it's good it's got the
chocolate cake yes all you chocolate
lover listeners only you gotta be reps
just I seen your saloon they
don't need to see anymore just
take the ice cream and then you take
them
all right we're outside guys my screen
is fogged up like five times so let me
quickly do this but what's really ironic
is there is a white and outside
here that looks exactly the same as ours
red calipers and everything okay so
hopefully you could see the her account
without too much fog I'm gonna go inside
somewhere now we're gonna go to the car
okay so it's time for me to drive us
home let me press the button there we go
and let's get in the Shu for a more time
okay so my sister is riding the swegway
she doesn't know it's backwards
it's okay doesn't it doesn't make a
difference it does not make a difference
in terms of ride ability if you guys
didn't know my sister's actually kind of
scared on this swegway cuz something
must have moved actually oh we did we
did bi look backwards whoa let's follow
her whee I just got off button get up
alright let's wrap up today's vlog
alright guys so I just got home there
you go alright guys so I just got home
and I'm gonna be ending today's vlog for
you so we just arrived home and my
brother's on a swegway oh yeah yeah yeah
and that was the end of the day we just
we ate a lot and what's you tomorrow
deuces yellow you know by Yod you're
screwed
