good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog we're currently starting outside me
and my mum are going shopping I'm
driving obviously you know driver mo
back in action I like in the mornings
everything looks nice in the mornings
but I'm gonna make how it's so so hot
driver mo in the making you know and I
always forget it's another time I was
running it on the right side I forgot
here it's opposite to the UK actually no
it is on the left side you I mean on the
UK it's on the right side woah so dark
there we go my mom's making her way look
at her imagine we should do my mom
drives the Lambo for the first time I
think that would be a good idea guys let
me know I'm gonna place the camera here
oh so hot
let me take the seat to my saying and
today is gonna be a start for a great
day it's a normal day to be honest
all right so now that we have everything
supermo is going to take you on your
trip so I'm going to put the camera away
for now so I put my hands the wheel and
I don't lose control the car I see once
we get to the shops mom's embarrassing
me she's you and we don't look like I'm
not a good driver but you know all right
so we finally got here parked up you
know your boy is good when it comes to
parking look perfect in space let's just
lock the door and go do our shopping and
you guys like me driving do you think my
skills are much better together Scott
really judge on camera and it's just
driving everyone's the same pretty much
unless you're just really bad and crash
into everything look about fifty
thousand kilograms good hi I'm lifting
out with one hand because I need to
press the button and yeah let's go away
jab the keys can i lock the door there
you go let me quickly grab the keys did
did okay right let's go
all right thumbs up this vlog if you
think my mom should blog herself so I've
seen a lot of youtubers do this thing or
not a lot seen one youtuber Roman Atwood
and then you just have a thing where
they like lie down on their swegway and
I was trying it kind of went wrong you
can see up dusty all over my pants but
I'm going to make my mom record it I
mean it's actually really fun it is
super fun I never knew it could be this
fun so yeah let's do right now I ready
all right I'm not good at it yet but
hopefully
oh shoot Oh the only problem is you
getting really dusty so I'm gonna have
to wash these heads I just oh my shirt
to get too dirty but like you feel like
you're drifting I'll go on behind I'm
nothing oh ah it's just difficult
oh yeah I feel so dizzy right now okay I
feel so dizzy all right I might actually
do some like challenges with this
because I feel like this is the best
thing for dizzy challenges like I don't
know how well you could see it but I
felt superfast them now I'm just going
to grab the camera I need to go sup my
pants because I'm sure you guys can see
like look at that it's super dirty but I
don't know was that fast on the camera
I'm not sure but it felt super fast
thanks I'm on for recording you know
credits director of this movie
mummy mole but Dad I was fun this is a
bit more bubbles for those if you wanted
to see you kitty
the thing is the reason why Keys not in
the bugs that what she'd really like
grumpy and shy she doesn't really want
to be in the block she always like
what's to be on her own so we respect
that just leave her but bobbles like
isn't complete attention seeker he just
wants her food mainly and to go sleep
that's it good publish say Ally love
Jana Jana love I guess I just came
downstairs a look of bubbles
he is just so relaxed alright time to
upload my video leggo
hey I got you dear like don't lie you
got scared
alright so I have a little blogging for
a couple of hours now although you guys
wouldn't have realized that I thought I
needed something special to get you guys
hopefully you got scared I actually
tried it before and it kind of failed my
camera fell you're going to see that now
Hey bye enough of that I'm having my tea
right now you know got my little
chocolate cake and my tea and super
tired I was going to exercise today but
I don't know why did it happen my
sister's actually upstairs recording a
makeup tutorial type of video I've
literally been trying to convince her to
do some sort of YouTube videos anything
will do for now
bubbles is here complaining so let's
just see let's learn our makeup
tutorials coming out soon hopefully
cross my fingers I'll definitely let you
know if it ever does come out I've got a
bear idea let's actually go and ruin her
video okay video shooting process well
that's about all you're gonna get for
now guys oh yeah maybe all you're ever
gonna get alright because of my sister's
horrendous hot poop schedule I'm just
going to go in and weigh her again and
just let you guys see what she does or
how she record their videos so thanks
for Becky
so over there we have the YouTube
phenomenon
Ilana Rose working on one of her brand
new episodes a release date once every
four months I I want distract you keep
going this is just behind the scene for
my viewers Popeye Popeye okay so now
that we're done ruining her video we can
go back to sorting out my videos who've
completed mission of being a brother
annoying the hell out of your sister all
right so the star is out her room oh my
god is that you are you that famous
makeup art Akkad no just show the camera
the what did you go for what's the look
you do not Nicki Minaj you've got you
know you got the pink lipstick I look
you and you're not respecting the
audience I want to know about the makeup
so so so what's going on what what type
of things do we no no no like we want
product we want to buy stuff just tell
well I do your foundation your skin star
okay okay what about that lipstick look
we just want to know the main things oh
okay okay okay no time's up cut sorry
editors scene that's enough behind the
scenes if you want to find out the rest
I will link it on somewhere when the
video actually comes out there's her
baby sleeping oh she's darling she
doesn't move yeah oh isn't that so
adorable
we don't care ki I hope you die yeah
Jackie yeah I love kitty kitty
TV okay three two one cut
don't tempt them to do don't dump them
- dump dump dump dump dump dump them
they don't do dum - dum da dum dum dum
da case Oh in today's segment we are
trying the new position on this little
thing which is called the crouch which
and it feels extremely fast whoo you see
we got to this side of the room when
we're originally on this side of the
room all right in today's episode I'm
going to teach you how dots on these
slide ways I so first of all we have
another negative yeah let's watch me nae
nae okay then we have you know my
favorite move
I'll show you then you put your leg back
on it that's called a whip okay now this
time is do with music all right and now
we're getting into the groove so now we
need to whip and nae nae all right now
I've been on this for ages off camp so
my deck society so we go back there is
it good you get back asleep
right prudence it my clothes that your
back down a day then a day then boom
that's how you got guys tips from law
my legs hurt now
hey guys today I've been editing one of
my makeup tutorials which I made
actually two months ago so I'm gonna try
and upload that maybe you might enjoy it
sneak peek you know can I see it why out
2018 but it should be soon cross your
fingers and press like that's how it
comes up alright so this house is a mess
and I'm going to take into my own hands
to start cleaning it starting with my
room which I should have done yesterday
video upstairs which is super dark
oh my god
why does no one leave the lights on like
hate the dark today this doesn't bother
me that much - super dark but let's look
the light and you're super bright oh I'm
gonna get help from my mom and I think
we're gonna organize my room out turn on
the light here look look at this I'm
sorry for those of you who have like
clean out what is it the thing where you
like you want everything to be clean but
I'm not that type of person and this is
my room it's super messy but hopefully
necessary out now I'm sure you proof but
I need help from my mom I'm not a person
to clean on my own
I'll get super bored so yeah let's get
mummy in my super cool bars okay
something different for you guys you're
joining us when we're eating our dinner
welcome to the amazing table red bottom
up so here we have the I don't know as
well okay see you saw jet is much more
data so if you guys want to see we're
considering making a cooking channel for
my mom so if you want to see how to make
these delicious recipes all right is
this goal a great idea brevity needs
taking for it or keep going
that's much potato I don't want mashed
potato I love their dishes in my food so
we're just going to eat I'll see you off
that you know we could do a false or who
knows this is actually this that could
be a few segments dinnertime
like I think people doing that but yet
thumbs up this cop this comment this
video if you want to see my mom's
cooking channel and all over making
recipes maybe you guys can learn
obviously have a separate channel it
could be like cooking with mole cooking
with mom who knows let me know if you
wanna see diet could be interesting it
could just be very boring who knows but
I'll try out if you guys like so good so
what what you got enough to today like
this is what we do I like that so we're
just like it's not
so yeah Phyllis's comment down below
what you guys been doing have you done
anything yesterday today is literally
been one of my first looks just spent
the whole day out yeah I'm working on my
my first with you but it's not my first
but after a very long time I hope you
enjoyed dinner time with the family
you're here in the yo-yo squad remember
that yeah so yeah if you're part of your
squad comment down below because we are
going to dominate all these other teams
on YouTube because we are - yah yah yah
proud probably proud she's the founder
she made it
yeah I'm bad another leader I should be
denied a Melanie yeah she she came up
with your spot so - yo yo homie yo yo yo
your home even say it down below alright
guys I have a big big big announcement I
know what you're thinking what could
this be
and the reason I haven't been blogging
too much today is I've been sitting here
with this young lady yeah my sister and
she is finally edited and put together
and you make up long
they'll definitely be edited music there
so I can hear claps but yeah my sister
finally has her video we're uploading it
now I think so so by the time this video
is out her video should be out or I'm
going to look like an absolute idiot
I'll leave a link to her video gonna
show them a sneak peak that's showing a
mistake me let me get off this Daniel
alright let's show them last 10 seconds
last 10 seconds there we go this this is
when she finished the look oh my god we
have a new beauty guru in town so yeah
that is our video hopefully you enjoyed
go check it out on our channel it should
be up if it's not then I'm never
promoting your channel again that'd be
yeah anything because there are times
and I'm why I sleeping off this day well
you still need how I need to go get her
some custom thumbnails so anyways if you
did enjoyed today's log it's been all at
home I'm sorry about that we've just
been doing positive things like you guys
who said we want a lot of videos we want
something so this is the first video of
my four months so this could be the
start of regular uploads from Lana so if
you did enjoy this video regardless
smash the like button and she would
definitely make more videos I will see
you guys tomorrow good bye PS sorry I
didn't clean my room I just never had
time
