hi-yah all right guys so we are turning
on the Lambo okay wait let me see what's
the button there we go not too sure
there you go
okay so they wanted me to turn on the
car I think you flip up the switch
can you see that a lot too short
all right I'll see you guys they ever
bite what you see I see you guys there
well that was pretty cool I just ran
into some people that knew about my
channel awesome guys I added all of them
on Instagram and I will be posting a
photo soon all right before this log
starts I just want to say aid Mubarak to
everyone celebrating I hope you all have
an amazing day and you stay blessed with
your family but for now me and my mom
are off to do some odd shopping I want
to find some little cool things I can
buy and hopefully you enjoy today's vlog
peace all right time to go nice all
right
nothing beats a McDonald's drive-through
that is it I'm also Sweden yeah yep
that's fine I can I have one Big Mac
meal beef beef going
beefy out here we go beefy orange juice
all right we're doing a quick change of
driver let's go let's go nice we did a
quick change of driver guys so my sister
could have fabric coatings take away
till we get to the rule so yeah we're
being a hundred percent efficient today
also I would apologize for all my hand
gestures like this and touching my hair
I've been watching my vlogs I do it way
too often that promise I'm gonna try and
reduce that yeah let's go
all right when I'm saying goodbye to my
sister she's taking over the driving
spot me and my mom are going to go into
the mall
Wow look at the decorations oh my god
we just got to the mall and I want to
show you the beautiful decorations they
are there all the way up there all right
let's go I want to start collecting
skateboards like the one I have like the
penny boards I want a gold one or a
pearl one or really funky one that's all
I know
the let's go and search for something I
can buy all right since it's 8:00 I want
to go and check the Apple Store to see
if the iPhone success is coming out when
it's coming out not to ensure exactly
what it is but let's go check I'm sorry
we just checked the Apple Store iPhone
6s is out next month all right I have an
obsession with one dollar bills and I'm
clearing out every exchange place for
everything they have today so I got
myself another $21 we're almost there
guys
all right so far I found $42 from two
different places somewhere else has none
so I'm trying to get it to 50 and I'll
just be done last place I'm checking I
just need eight more dollars and that's
my fifty and I've done let's go see if
they have any all right I ran into a
jackpot instead of eight I got 58 more
dollars let's see I'm not going to get
any more that's a total of 100 and
that's a great thing I really like $1 I
kind of collect them I don't know why I
don't ask me I just do
so we're shaking with my phone we're
just waiting over here they have like
these bigger ones and they give you my
over there they had the long run but
we're just taking a little bit of a rest
you know we go a hundred dollars I'll
show you our home it's kind of
embarrassing to show you here yeah
successful day so far I think it's our
turn
I've been loving my ketchup I'm in the
Virgin store right now just looking for
few things I could buy like is that
anything I can make a video with are you
really all so good well this will remove
its name watch I know what it is it
looks like a Batman watch that's pretty
cool that looks sick that's like a
bubble head
Iron Man oh my god I really want one now
look at that
I know these are vibrating like these
bobble head Iron Man's so you know me
and my mom are just like exploring the
virgin's throughout the moment look at
all of this stuff okay you know what's
even more awesome than all of this way
one say this is like a mini you know the
chocolate fountains they have I think
it's like a home one literally that you
can see they're not Ella Nutella things
wow that's that's amazing
my waiter here
what's that that cakes no that's a
moment sure days all right I was looking
through these okay I'll hold these
please I was gonna get one of these by
found the ultimate thing you ready for
this
alright listen listen it's a fart
machine
mom were using Oh what the hell was that
mom okay I ended up getting myself a
make-your-own bouncy ball let's see how
it is when I get home imagine is
something really cool you guys can get
it too alright or about to leave now
look at these clean guitars I'm up you
ready to leave
alright let's go my god oh my god mommy
please stop this stop doing this to me
it's that sub review to the cake section
what is that okay no I don't want it if
it's not chocolate I'm not having it
nope nope put it back I'm joking mumsy's
going in on the shopper you know we're
finally done look at my hand you've been
here for a long time we did a lot of
shopping and it's time to go home
this is so embarrassing guys my trucks
came from myself and look what's
happened to my trousers really did this
have to happen to me out of everyone I'm
standing here in the mall and I just
look like someone that can't keep his
trousers clean look two separate places
I'm really annoyed right now so that is
that of our day we are heading home now
I didn't do too much shopping except a
little like cat not gadget was like a
little cool thing you make a bouncy ball
into but I did get 101 dollars so
hopefully I hope I could show you that
they look pretty cool I don't know
it's just me I'm really weird I'm sorry
but hopefully you guys did enjoy your
paid is low I'm sorry they show too much
the rest of the day I was with family
but yeah hope you did enjoy the video
and I'll see ya all right as promised
guys three different exchange places
just to get myself 101 dollar bills so
to celebrate my $100 bill there's only
one thing you can do i it here comes the
money we don't
Oh guys look alike at look alike at so
they're like what the hell is wrong with
this guy
yeah now it's time to collect all the
money
I'm sorry ki I was lying on camera I
wasn't gonna give it to you how do you
feel he's like oh this was supposed to
be my buddy my buddy kitty oh okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry Kay here you go take it
all take all kitty you don't want it
which is that nope
I'm not interested anymore bye-bye all
right the rest of this vlog is going to
be yesterday's vlog continued I had too
many clips from yesterday's vlog there
was nowhere to put it in the vlog so I'm
just gonna put them all in now hopefully
you enjoy I'm gonna say goodbye for now
and hope you guys all had a great aid
piece okay so we're on our way to go
watch the movies my sister open up her
hair and I think actually looks bad now
look at that I show them your hair looks
pretty cool okay time for now now let's
see you all together okay guys so I'm
here we're about to go to the grants and
the messages off
I want to apologize from now I'm not
sure if you can tell I've had my two
pills for like my cold and I'm literally
dying right now so I'm sorry if from now
on the life blog you can tell om which
is cracking up we are going to some
platinum movie here though we're
watching The Maze Runner I think so I
should be good I'll try to record as
much as I can the story for my boys and
the way I live because I'm really really
sick right now look at this yeah this is
cool man let me get a quick selfie for
Dexter
i on my way to the top floor that is
where the flat doesn't place is sister
always loves her birthday so kind let's
go yeah I like it more down than that
was up and yeah when she opened up I
wish you could shut up inside of this
place but I'm not sure if they'll think
that we're gonna move like to record the
movie I'll try to record a bit at the
beginning fairy kingdoms reigned on this
island the prophecy tells of a boy who
the others started as a mountain
okay so we're heading on cold
to be dull finish up the movie my sister
watch the
my god it's crazy
I'm so tired we have to quickly take a
stop to get some medicine from the
pharmacy literally my throat is kidding
and at night because I've got sinus
problems I don't know what it is no I
don't really know that explained it but
at nights when I sleep it gets worse
because it like when I'm flat I don't
know it kind of goes into my throat a
lot so I've stopped by to get some
medicine hopefully and make sure they're
like the vlog went from up to down real
quick zero to 100 oh yeah I'll see
what's you in the medicine hey guys so
we finished watching movie looking tired
my hair is in a bun yes I took my entire
hair down and then we're gonna go home
hopefully so he asked me to buy kitty
and bubble food so trying to find that
there we go we found their foods so
let's go boosted it energy into my
system to try and finish up to these
lines like that one of the last lips is
gave me an eye anyways it's like Ted or
something we've come to do I stopped
shopping
quickly just get Kia Bob some food and
also us some food as well so it should
be done soon and heading off hole
anyways guys I realized I had no ending
to yesterday's vlog so I'm going to say
it now hopefully you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did smash the like
button for sure and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
yo your squad for life yellow Yolo
goodbye ps4 the vlog extras we're doing
a bit of late night gardening ourselves
keep the flowers a bit greener
I think cuz its aid holidays our
gardener wasn't in today so we took it
into our own hands to feed the plants my
sister is over feeding all of the plants
it's literally mud
stop it oh my god Bava booze shook his
hand like you got wet don't don't go
away
pretty light once in a while okay enjoy
I'll see you inside
yummy yellow goodbye peace
