I have a few questions for mo everyone
wants to know the answers who was your
first girlfriend
why didn't you spend a lot of time with
Stephanie
hey come on you have to this is a QA
yoyoyo good morning welcome to my vlog
today what surprise for you so you're
gonna meet some famous people famous
people here's the thing guys you know my
voice igan knows the Kardashians right
so today he told me he's going to make
me meet my dream girl I'm going to meet
Kylie Jenner let's do this so right now
we are on our way I am so so excited
guys listen if you guys don't know one
of my women crush one nation and then
one day one of my women crush Wednesday
z' is Kylie Jenner so we might see her
today because if you don't know sigan
actually knows kendall Jenner her sister
guys it's time for your boy to find a
celebrity girlfriend let's go
happy Thanksgiving brother what the hell
is this man Sian told me I'm gonna meet
Kylie Jackie Thanksgiving oh hi guys so
here's the thing Seiken told me we're
gonna go meet the Kardashians today
there you go she's a Jenna bro you
didn't be dirty right now
that's not Cooper but you got your thumb
there right so wait do I still get to
meet them though yeah one day what's
that supposed to mean one day I want to
read them today but yeah for now we're
just going around checking out
everything else they have since we're
here I mean remised all look everything
and Oh Charlie Chaplin
Moe is the type of guy who tries to
bribe the Godfather The Godfather really
ignores you bro
so he's gonna give one order and you're
out of here
I know he has been click betting the
whole time so you know what this is what
happens with click video yeah go to jail
go to jail no wait I have good lawyers
bro guys I just wanna say if there's
ever ups and downs we paddle this
YouTube life I'm guilty I'm guilty I
know to make it up for you guys
I'm doing a giveaway woo boy you need to
do is subscribe and comment why you want
to win it guys and that's it and don't
forget my voice I good he's making a
movie about this guy check it out
subscribe to this channel I subscribe to
bind and you Gucci I'll make sure I make
sure you get out bro
but for now I'm gonna take over the vlog
I'll see you in a month bro no it's okay
fine that's your chance now I'm betting
$5 on your bro we can do it
never in my life would I go I'd say this
but I'm actually going swimming with
President Obama right now moles trying
to learn how to play gold and he got a
really really good teacher young tiger
tell them how to do it so I just go
straight left right little just straight
bro
so right now we're about to leave the
wax museum but it wouldn't make sense if
we didn't make our own wax the wax hands
right now I'm about to make my own hand
out of wax all right let's do this
I have to put my hand in a hot wife so I
need to quit II signed a waiver that if
I lose my head it's okay that's okay
that's just to clean the dirty hands but
I think this wax is Oh guys check that
aha so there you go that is my hand as a
wax figure down that is awesome so right
now we're about to leave but check this
out total guys you can buy yourself an
Oscar here's an Oscar to the worst
friend in history they take this bro
yeah you deserve this bro you deserve
this well we're in Hollywood right now
Hollywood so check it out we just made
it here to Rodeo Drive I don't know if
I'll say the name correctly but we out
your boys reminds me
Dubai's downtown cuz the palms are lit
up and have you seen the lamps show them
guys check out the lamps the street
lamps over here are chandeliers in boxes
what tapestry lamp is that this is where
all of the luxury stores are I mean you
got Gucci you got Versace Armani
everything you can think of so right now
we're quickly going around checking
everything out represent represent
obviously since bein sigan are not from
America we completely forgot that it's
Thanksgiving so all of the stores are
shut down so that's why we're gonna use
this time to do a Q&A I have a few
questions for mo everyone wants to know
the answers from fairies we did we
didn't agree on you're gonna do your own
expose videos so who was your first
girlfriend
I'm gonna ask all the questions you ever
wanted to know my first girlfriend I
don't know if she thought she was my
girlfriend too how are you were like too
young yeah did you know more actually
went to university yeah and guess what
he studied mathematics yeah unbelievable
one more question
why didn't you spend a lot of time with
Stephanie
hey God you have to this is a QA would
you read it why didn't you do that prove
like I saw it in her eyes she was sad
she miss you I missed all of them I miss
likes my brother Stephanie I miss you
too but why didn't you grow honestly
speaking I think this time we were just
hanging out more than vlogging if that
makes sense so yeah like we should we
spend more time off the vlog than on the
blog that's true but still bro next time
you know don't forget you real homies
yeah first time I made money in my life
was actually sitting on the streets
I sold my toys in Germany I made if I'm
not wrong I made 20 marks 20 marks so
Europe that's like eight year $8 now we
live in live alright anyways right now
we're sitting on the road in LA I think
people probably think that were like
panhandling or just bored
everybody's looking out the whole
streets like what the hell are they to
the hotel let's go are we so we are
finally back at the hotel right now
today has been isn't that an interesting
day to say the least okay now that we're
back at the hotel guys let's check out
the hand I got okay
oh this is cool this is really really
cool all right
come on guys I broke my head guys I
broke my head oh oh jokes aside we are
back inside the hotel room and here's
the thing I actually haven't showed you
my new hotel room so check it out oh
yeah okay it's a bit of okay it's a bit
of a mess right now but welcome to my
crease so yeah there you go that is my
room honestly not sure what else to show
you but here's the coolest part you see
this mirror over here no no no no no
it's not only a mirror are you are you
ready for this guys it's a TV this is
actually a mirror and a TV somehow all
jokes aside now that I am back in the
hotel I want to say Happy Thanksgiving
Oh daddy we celebrate Thanksgiving I
hope you had an amazing day with your
families I'm here alone bye I want to
say sometimes you need to be thankful
for the people you have around you and
the things you have in your life because
a lot of the time we take everything for
granted like our family even like being
human even being a human we take for
granted guys for all for all we know we
could have been born an ant be a guys I
just want to say I'm super thankful look
you guys who watch my videos every day
and my family and sigan that should give
him a shout-out in there as well
anyways talking about being thankful
right now I'm actually gonna jump with
this guy cool with my mom yeah let's see
how she's doing
hey mommy how are you
I'm actually gonna wrap up today's vlog
here so I can go and talk to my mom for
a little big guy so if you're new around
here make sure to subscribe and be a
part of the family I just want to say I
love you guys all Happy Thanksgiving
again and as always I'll see you guys
tomorrow yeah Leon oh boy
