good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so today what we're going to be
doing is uncovering the Lamborghini and
turning it on it's been sitting here
dormant for I think about a month now so
let's just quickly take these things
away I don't even know what that was
like if she's a stick and yeah take to
cover up and unleash the beast I'm not
sure I think we might drive it around
tomorrow or today way once I do that let
me do that we get myself a thumbnail so
be right back guys he's posing with you
on that look I'll duck my head under the
car whilst you do that I'm trying to get
myself this cat is just coming up over
here okay it's like 50 kids running miss
Tina okay I got it
can I take it off now so time to
actually unwrap it because I was just
taking myself a cool little thumbnail
shot as you saw so I think do you need a
hand or should I come all right it's not
too dirty but we must take it for a wash
soon anyways so look look everything on
top of it that's why we have to cover it
you do it alright what's that is that
spider now that's a piece of thing
all right not looking too shabby I think
I think it hasn't lost it to look with
age alright let's go around the back so
let me just put a hand in here
and that is looking fine now we need to
also wash the cover because we're going
to take it for a wash obviously and
quickly put the cover on after until we
use it that's all you pretty much always
do and that is why we need the cover to
be washed so when you put it on it
doesn't what's it called make the card
dirty as well so not looking too shabby
shy can I help all right I think it's
time for me to come and put in a hand
with the cover so here it's me John
all right woman power she can do it and
yeah that is the car all unwrapped for
you guys we're just going to go inside
super high so high I didn't even help
out ya know basically look look at all
of these ants there's food here and
they're running around it's cuz of this
guy alright I'm gonna go in and probably
wash them wash they cover my sisters
you're standing at the door all right
we're gonna go quickly put it in a
garbage bag time to actually turn on the
car we went and put the cover in you
want to put it back in the mirror yeah
that'd be a better idea because we had
them like here and we had the Ranger
over here when we were gone so yeah it's
so it's gonna be so loud I'm not sure
what uh what are we going to take out
now don't take out another day I don't
know whatever you want to do we won't
take out for a spin alright okay I'm
just going to way outside but yeah we're
going to quickly turn on the car and
take you out for a spin in the area so
not too much just trying to get the
engine to work I guess because we've
left it dormant for so long it's going
to be so loud and return it on that's
the most embarrassing part so let's just
quickly she's got her bag she's got a
license with her I'm just gonna stand
outside of this flies everywhere oh my
god I'll open the door though let's just
grab that and this it's been a long time
since you guys have seen us with the
Lambo so I guess this is a great video
for you guys asking whereas the Lambo I
you ready startup time
inside
the wrong times as soon as we're in here
self we're back in it's so hot
yeah we did you are so tired yeah it was
getting at the wrong times as I said
like whenever we're doing some source
video or like what was that
I heard like a car whoa
so hot they shiny desi
all right so we're taking off now going
to quickly go for a spin no that looks
like a tight gap between the range I
guess that only looks like I swear all
the fine neighbors I know you can see a
car over there with its lights on how
you going left all right just watch out
by the way drop a like if you want to
see us doing more videos with the car
now that we're out here I guess we can
and your windscreen is super dusty light
looks even going yeah don't imagine all
the sand is white soy mud my turn
PS I hope you like that look I'm going
for today got got the Lambo hat that my
sister got me a while ago
and yeah I'm repping lamppost out today
I was actually round area there we go
one all that
let's go walk hold out
you know guys I'm going to use the
button like every time I come to show
you it's always on item very visible but
this is what I used to take down my
windows so feel like having a bit of a
view for outside that I see behind us
and now you can probably tell how dusty
it is with the reflection yeah it's way
too far shopping at my window alright
when windows going to us yes game too
foggy inside there you go guys look at
the great view this is the Sun Sal
trying to show you I think the view is
super nice today now that it's sunset
but I think we're almost done with our
lap we should be home soon we're just
going around the area for a little bit
got some music up in here finally
Oh
all right so we're back my sister's just
backing up into the parking I guess it's
not too tight when you look at it from
outside
she wants to come completely in the
middle and I guess that's a good idea by
the way I think I should be driving this
car soon so smash this like button and
I'll make sure to rev it as much as I
can when I'm driving all right back it
up back it up it's coming straight in
the middle sir yeah looks good to me
right I like it when the lights are on
okay so the car switched off and she's
getting out I gotta pay I got a work
work work every day all right finally
time to go inside we're done with the
car for today anyways but as I said
smash the like button if you want to see
me driving the Lambo and it will happen
all right I'm not even gonna say a
challenge for you guys just just go ham
and we'll see you definitely happen
hopefully the more likes the quicker
it's gonna happen by the no license is
checking look little key friend is
coming he's just going to me out his way
until he tries to get into the house
meow meow we doing I've got bills I got
a pin so the work work work we cookie
cat and unique and yeah you fight with
him everyday like he actually behind the
window he scratches but one that's gonna
kill your two cats
yeah like even when we're behind him
he's head-butting the door you probably
saw it worked
cuz you opened in ya light you're gonna
kill our two cats nope she come my
colors may distract him this Tropes
no no all right my turn honey I need to
get inside as well okay
whoo all right guys we're about to go
jogging outside wait I might just look
in the screen not in the image the thing
what it'd be yeah we're about to go
outside all right so we're back you know
so we're about to go outside to exercise
um but reading we're going to a
supermarket to buy some stuff okay here
in the vlog is that okay it can't start
again oh okay all right
what are you doing all right so we're
about to go outside for an exercise and
at the same time buy some stuff from the
supermarket um so that could be a very
effective way of extra degrees we
restart 3 2 1 action
so now robots head out to the
supermarket and we thought let's look
there because we'll exercise at the same
time come back with the sharpies order
to save at the same time yeah you know
we've got all our trainers on that these
are my first-ever trainers got that
bounce technology further running of
course so we're about to head out gonna
go do some shopping yeah a couple of
Clips sister yeah yeah she's she's not
blogging recently I hope you like it if
you want me to pull more of our videos
smash the like button in this video and
you don't forget to like if you want to
see me rev the Lambo and we take it to
maximum speed so yeah let's go head out
so dark at night but the camera actually
does a kind of a good job showing your
outlines
you're so dark and it's not even the
lighting all right so I think we should
do a little bit of jogging actually I
don't think so I'm wearing a polo which
is thick so we finally made it to the
supermarket I am sweating so badly it's
ridiculous you everybody see my face has
gone a bit orange we're gonna do our
shopping I think even walking was a
great exercise today so after this we're
going to head up home and I like you
just so we've got it red now it's like a
little spire yeah wish I could go now
but we need to put up it's an L Spa
we're doing a bit of cheese shopping I
think my sister wants a bit of cheese
we've already filled out the shopping
but I think that's our breakfast or is
that just cheese pie cheddar cheese or
all right so we're just about done
anyways I did get my favorite cereal
which is obviously I'm trying to pull it
out oh there you go Coco Pops and a bit
of water for the weight because I'm
super hot I'm also going to grab myself
a I don't know I feel like strawberry
but should I get chocolate the I'll just
grab chocolate I don't know if you can
hear the song and that's my mum just
grab me a couple of things but it's
watch me whip watch me nae nae oh oh oh
so pit stop outside the supermarket to
have a quick drink yeah I told them I
was playing inside as I watch me with
Moo it watch me nae nae oh jeez look at
that
a lizard magic just jumps on me okay now
I'm running either way
alright so would find me in I'm not sure
if you can see my sister's just admiring
her little cat stop annoying her she
doesn't like you anymore yeah I know she
always comes over my nature tea that's
her daughter
and where's my son where is he bubbles
bubbles I'm Aki I'm a bit swayed I'm not
gonna touch you bubbles I don't need to
get irritated so I'm gonna quickly go
take a shower
woo ah cat with the person what's that
look at her it's not even her
complaining is bubbles in the kitchen
alright Larry go let's see what law was
up two bubbles all bubbles are skating
cat it looks like alright I'm gonna go
take a shower and I'll see you after
that this is what's in the box is
bubbles what's in the boxes bubbles can
you smell what's in the boxes it's not
cat food for sure keys licking in them I
think that's a McDonald's bag not too
sure I'm just going to let them have fun
with that
alright look over here we have kitty
look she's probably just going to run up
behind my sister's room start me out for
my sister to open the door but walk
downstairs and see where my guy is
bubbles they're URLs
and I don't know why but today I keep
running out of breath when I walk and
speak I think it might be the mortgage
just drain me out of all my energy or
I'm just really unfit I said today's
vlog ending Duty is given to my sister
as you guys feel like are blogging so
here is your one minute of blogging duty
Lego so guys that's the end of the day
we're home and gonna have some dinner
tomorrow's gonna be a different day I've
no idea what we're doing and that's it
so I'm gonna end it here yellow yellow I
don't know how to do it I do it I'm
eating I'm gonna wrap up the blog if you
did enjoyed today's look smash the like
button let's try and see if we can hit
1000 I know it's a lot but let's see if
we can bubbles is on the table bad get
down if you did a joint slog anyways
I'll see you with tomorrow good bye guys
okay once it PS guys if you're watching
the video till now my sister's makeup
tutorial should be out right now as this
video is outside leave a link to it in
the description it is a makeup tutorial
not a blog
don't go there and tell me mo you
deceived us it is only a makeup tutorial
so links in the description for boys and
girls who ever wants to do makeup check
it out now
