good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog we're finally back in action it's
half past 7 we didn't sleep the whole
night we're at site 24/7 and we're about
to go pick up kitty in bubbles I'm so
excited to see them again but I think
you saw yesterday we washed out like
4:00 a.m. so it's been my 3 hours since
then and I was struggling to upload my
video so if you guys haven't already
watched a video called crazy dancing
skills I thought go watch it now it was
just a whole mess uploaded it really lay
and had to take it down because of a
copyright issue but like this is a
saying the car like I don't know warming
it up because we haven't used in a long
time so we should be good to go now and
pick up kitty and bubbles and it
it's still not likely you can see I'm
not sure great I turn the camera yeah
you can see there's line lines
everywhere we just literally poured some
more on it to try and make it a bit more
clean than it is but I don't think it
worked out it's still a bit dirty and
one more thing this guy is here as well
I know if you guys remember this guy he
just came in the morning we gave him
some food she was complaining I think
has we've been gone for a long time but
obviously he he was a street cat as well
so he was eating okay I think I can fit
in I let my sister come out and then
I'll just go in because the space in
between the bars is not enough and I
probably just scraped the Lambo or
something all right so our road trip
begins now and we're on our way to pick
up kitty and bubble as you can see never
been out this early in my life I have
never been woken up this early so yeah
basically we don't even know how to
check how many kilometres our cars on it
says 1500 but I think always the sayings
been change it was very like a trip or
something so we need to sort that out as
well morning sunshine and I feel so
sleepy like I'm going we're going to lie
to you guys this is a struggle just me
for Kate oh yeah they I slept when I was
in London before the flight but they had
a no liar this is another liar for
themselves doing worse on their case but
oh who cares Adi started firstly least I
didn't I sleep
there you go that's another we're
getting closer to the nice views I like
the song of the radio
oh I think there are showers
candy
guess what we're passing guys look at
that deals on wheels MacLaren's loads of
cars over there oh my god Lambos it's
too early for this we are here at the
pet hotel but they're not open until
8:00 so we're just waiting outside
there's a lady waiting also in her car
behind my sister yeah pet palace the
doors are open look at this look at
these cats they're two stray cats
outside oh look at those young thing
- coinciding at kitten but with stray
inside and look at the doggies
-
do you recognize us do you or they lose
their memory Babu Babu they better not
that they don't sneeze and and hung them
you see there's one thing is kitty yeah
this morning so we're trying to get Bob
Mikey back into their little kit today
bubble
yeah Kitty's in a bad mood that you left
me
you can see Emma she's back there but
was just like happy Bob was it just to
bring out the good basil oh she doesn't
want to come out all right so we're
taking Kitty and bumpers to the dog
section let's go quickly before they get
too scared that's why we oh my god
imagine taking cats through a dark
section but thankfully the doctor over
there
oh my god all right so as you can hear
you've got Kitty and bubbles in the
backseat while I'm trying to comfort
them why are you adding to them here
it's a cat you know we have to go home
before they drive me crazy
we're here at the McDonald's drive-thru
just ordering a meal but to be honest
I'm going to go home and sleep in here
after I wake up so I go go forward - two
cheeseburgers or go on cheeseburger
Nuggets one cheeseburger and nuggets
we're taking a quick shopping break let
me grab that
I'm just getting some essentials so we
can eat because I'm gonna go home and
straight sleep have a couple hours of
sleep so I can wake up continue the vlog
and then start editing because my
schedule has been messed up completely
you guys hope you can see with the time
out with my video I will do that like
4:00 a.m. in the morning like no one
even watched it so that's why I was like
in the vlog today go watch it if you
haven't seen it just cuz of the time I
was upload it so it's quickly gonna go
pay for just I don't know what I was
getting actually getting better and all
of these things that you just got to go
home finally home I'm just quickly
taking the shopping out at the boot I
swear I feel like my nose is like got
mounted on top of our donors and can't
even see it but my energy is killing my
nose I it's bumping up and swelling up
so badly but let's take all of these
shoppings inside and I'm just quickly
gonna eat a snack all right can you
press the button please all right you
press the button yeah it's good as
goodness press the one I'm going inside
wait it's kitty and I'm not inside the
car all right
wait let me come back as well no just
quickly gonna drop this suit up inside
and to top everything up we've got this
kid can play I'm not really kidding this
one complaining
forever complaining the busy it's like
sometimes I just feel like so like
everything's just too much it's just one
of them days I'm just like I feel sleepy
I feel tired and then this guy's
complaining but let's just try and stay
positive because what else can we do
this guy's not even like me walks what
do you do what's up he's not letting any
more all right right that's good this
way all right so we're finding inside
with kitty and bubbles there we go just
run run in different directions go go
quickly
kitties I oh my god I'm home oh why is
she running - and then bubbles just
patrolling the place are they chasing
each other
yeah can't even keep up while he's gone
straight upstairs keys on three upstairs
and bubbles gone straight to his
favorite place the kitchen kitty Shh I
don't know what well the zoom is long
trying to find his own house he's going
to his room so I'm trying to follow them
anyways for now I'm going to quickly eat
and go sleep for a couple of hours so
I'll see you guys after I wake up I'm
just super tired and need to take a
small sleeping break because I haven't
slept in a while so I'll see you off of
that that this is what I have to deal
with guys when I want to sleep first day
back and I haven't slept the whole night
call my boss you can do it
and now I just hear kitty complaining
come on go see go see what kids up to
straight up come on come on let's go see
what Q is up to
oh there we go
his wife's their kitty she's scared all
right look you're reunited now go play
she's under the bed I'll see you in now
about was all right so I just woke up
guys and guess what happened while I was
asleep it's pretty funny but all the
stuff we sent over got here today which
is pretty weird it's early it's a good
thing I guess but look all the boxes
there's 12 boxes over there around the
corner as well but we're just sitting
here editing my videos starting at 4
o'clock and our cats are going wild
they're so happy like there's bubbles so
happy to be back
we even have the oh geez we even have
the outdoor guy he loves to sit there
and just look at us but bubbles and
Kitty are just having playtime at the
moment I'm quickly going to edit my
video so I make shorter phases not as ly
as yesterday's which was just a crazy
day it was like I go off they're playing
I thought when they got home had
copyright issues had the sports or that
out I was just crazy but at least the
cat's having fun it but was here then we
have key and I don't want that meal
sugar boy we just fed him so don't worry
about that he's not hungry then we have
key and what was you just eating as well
but yeah that's been the day so far
I so about to start opening some of the
boxes that we've sent over just to check
everything is finding them so yeah let's
go you got a knife okay bear stay away
because I yeah you're gonna flick it up
are you
we're back in business guys we're back
in business
starting up alright I'll try to pull
this side No oh yeah oh you haven't even
cut it yet okay everything looks good so
far
exactly how we left it my jumpers oh
okay yeah these are all my clothes
should I just take the whole box
upstairs yeah this is my stuff alright
we're just going to be doing that for a
couple hours so I'll let you know if
anything interesting happens but I just
wanted to keep you updated look at this
favorite jumper I'll wear it later on to
show you all right so my sister is
unwrapping a lot of her paintings you
can see a bit through the bubble wrap
I'm not going to show you too much
because I've got plans for videos with
them in the future so I'm going to go
upstairs now I've got a better idea look
a bubbles just playing I'm actually
going to go and turn on my swegway I
haven't done that in a long time and I
just don't like it so let's go and play
alright so it's been a long time I'm not
sure if I can
oh oh yeah
there we go we're back in action guys we
are back in action this is so much fun
up for God I know I can't even make it
past these obstacles it's so tight in
here that I'm not even sure why I should
go through that there's so many
suitcases can I make it can I make it
not too tight let's quickly then I'm
driving push this there yeah we're
making space for making space so many
boxes as well but oh geez we're stuck
again we are stuck little
all right so I'm back out here guys I'm
quickly going to the supermarket my
skateboard the good old days you know to
grab a list which I got from my mum so
I'm going to do a bit of food shopping
wow this skateboard is super weird just
riding in the middle of the street no
care is given but there's no cars here
so not on this street anyways man when I
get to the Main Street obviously I'm
going to take more precaution so just
quickly going to go buy a bit of food
hopefully there's not too much wind like
I like the flip screen because it kind
of blocks the wind where the microphone
is well yeah I'm really going to go do
some shopping and get back home today
has been such a messy day everything is
just been going on I guess that's like
the first day for everything especially
since we also got all of our stuff on
the first day that we got back that just
made everything a bit more busy alright
we're finally home I'm sweating I'm
completely hot there we go
cars out front it looks actually kind of
clean I'm not even in a light it does
look clean visually but it's really not
for yeah there she comes
no she gums there there she comes
there she comes there she comes
here is the meowing cat are you
forgotten actually how to ride it
TURN RIGHT do a u-turn do a u-turn do a
it's not safe it's not safe yeah
obviously not you with what with handles
that yeah you want to proper Segway look
at outside caches right behind the
window anyways guys we would do more
videos with this in the near future but
I'm going to end the vlog right here
hopefully you did enjoy skating late so
why not end it here if you did enjoy
smash the like button let's try and get
800 for the first day back in devaya the
night it does just a random number why
hundred I don't know but let's try and
hit that and I appreciate all your
support just bear with me the last
couple of days have been really messy
because of the moving and stuff like
that but yeah we'll see you guys next
time
yeah good bye good bye guys hey guys so
I'm trying to see how it feels like to
blog and what the coolest swegway things
we'll try the swag weight thing they can
see there okay it's not easy as it seems
like a lot of practice to get into it so
yeah it's only good if you draw my
goodness
but it's turning the wrong way
