good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today is the first vlog with this
new haircut what what yeah I know I
think today me and my mum might be going
to buy some things for the cooking
channel that means we should be doing
cooking today don't take my word for it
should have happened yesterday didn't
happen then
so hopefully happened today I can just
cross my fingers got a cool new idea
don't spoil it for you so we just have
to see if it does happen or no yeah
first vlog with the new hair casting
card you said that looking fresh no not
really I believe in style that I haven't
put any Jony or anything I'm sitting
here it's editing one of my blogs I'm
not going to show you exactly which one
but hopefully you enjoy it when it comes
out like today yeah this one alright so
start time today I'm ready to go out you
know looking fresh now one problem
always occurs now I'm going to fix that
you know about the not the belt that
diesel jeans I got they need a belt
because they are like kind of stretchy
they keep on like coming down because I
put like loads of things in my pockets I
put my camera my phone my mom's phone is
always with me because I use her
internet and I don't happen to know my
phone and my wallet so everything weighs
down these pads and they like go down
and down let in the mall I'm always like
jumping trying to fix it so I'm gonna
grab a belt now before I go out
obviously
risk games strong today I don't know I
don't do that too often you know I think
I do tell like my signature thing on
armor before I used to always like start
on the watch and then go up on someone
where we used to be outside but I just
stopped doing that now
but also one thing you know the swag
wait have to think if you stand on it
when it's off it is so dangerous like
you think you have the balance and then
it suddenly slips out and you could
actually break something but it's that
time we're about to go out and yeah
let's go and do some eating to be honest
that's that's what happens all the time
but to be honest family is well we're
going to meet up with family today so
that's why we're going out not just to
go any PS keys just here playing with
our little steak look at her oh my god
oh my god oh my you get so excited these
this is the part she likes oh my god no
no no oh
she kept and scratched me
oh okay swapping out the J's for the
adidas crepes you know
swag swag let's see can we do this is
one hand well not really one hand
oh yeah daddy - by the way - you got my
socks
purple blue not a bad combination
let's put these on this one bubbles do
you proof yep he does it's gonna jump up
come come on come on oh yeah my boy the
day sponsorship comes from bubbles the
cat yo your squad approved why sing like
that those bubbles what what you doing
what are you doing have you seen a ghost
bubbles there's no one in front of you
there's no one over here guys I could
promise you nothing oh you just smell
food let's go time go yeah we need to do
a bit of exercise tonight my sister's
dressing Yash today you're going surfing
yeah very surfing oh the outfit oh my
god so I okay let's go let's go we're
already late we're trying a new spot to
eat today and it's not even in the mall
so we turn a family there like I'll come
to displays that we're coming and it's
like a map joint type of things I can
Bob in red I think I'm not too sure so
let's go eat see how it is
should be good hopefully and if it's not
I definitely you know they probably is
good it's recommended and that is the
name of the place kebab rolls all right
so again I want to show you the kind of
cool of flames they have over here place
jammer unit tonight
like painting and stuff like that let's
see to go fishing
it's good also guys I wanted to show you
that nice huge paying they have at the
back there's more over there
you can see guys look at that one is
huge it's not like this pointy little
thing it smell is those are the vowels
that's elusive magic attacks the camera
the lambchops got here there is thrilled
and they are steaming yeah there you go
some nice shots oh my god that it's
delicious
well that was us just finishing up at
the restaurant hopefully you guys like
you see the sizzling or would you type I
don't know whoa it was a like grilled
map oh hi
a wild Pokemon a few years ago you're
spotted a wild Pokemon appears click
into they were allowed to go home it was
really good
I am literally in the middle of the road
right now you can see but we are about
to go home now so Tyrone and I still
haven't done any shopping for The
Cooking Channel I'm not sure we might do
it today might do it later not too sure
exactly that that is what's happening at
low are there's a limo on the bus across
the street yeah you know that's what we
came with the limo yeah yeah
yeah that's I said I came with the liver
they were gonna go home now cuz he you
know what's funny we got home and the
cat was under the lambo he just sleeps
there he's like the cat under the Lambo
what's up man
and look who's waiting inside look at
that
Bob oh jeez thank you look at kitty
kitty kitties on their bubble
you don't give anyone the bubbles a
kiddie show we're home
okay are guessing you're sleeping and
you were sleeping - all right guys the
other day I said if you guys get a
thousand likes on the video or my mom
starts logging with me that get ride the
swaggy way I think that happened I'm
pretty sure it's around a thousand so
we're going to do anyways so we're going
to help my mom onto it okay oh my god
y'all get me on it
they can't balance your feet - if you're
gonna stop stop okay look at me is okay
are you fine trying to turn trying to
turn around oh yeah yeah you go like it
don't don't clip the box don't clip the
box all right come let's go around here
let's try and get a full shot okay
can't do like a peace sign like a yo-yo
squad sign y'all sure yo your squad
official member of three fingers three
fingers three fingers oh my god
she yo your squad today oh my god we yo
your squad we okay that's regular so
open and you're trying to like a little
trough for them getting to it like I
don't want to make her hold actually is
it easy okay light work light work let's
brush off the dust this my mumsy's easy
no easy just brushing off the dust
eventually so I was actually brushing
off the dust be kind of too close they
can't see the whole thing but yeah you
know we do it easy in the yo-yo of
household you know yo you squat for life
we can do anything again
helper gonna get off that yeah oh
there's a key so fun watch it used to
obviously you know your boy is apparatus
I think these are getting old on URM
when they first came out the hype was so
much they still are fun by guess it's
more like where did you go with them you
could I mean because if you're going to
go out with a car don't really want to
hold this and because I not everywhere
you're allowed to use them I guess
that's the only thing but if you did
enjoy my mom came to hang out what the
hell oh I knew if you didn't join my mom
riding this way way make sure to hit the
like button and leave any suggestions I
want to do some cool things I want to
see if you could handstand one of these
I if we had a thousand likes I will try
and make my sister and mom hold my legs
and me handstand I know it sounds crazy
but it can happen I just hope I don't
break something trying to do it so make
sure to hit the like button or if you
have like bubbles or the swegway just I
put them on you like what would let's
make a sandwich my hair is kind of a
mess no he touched his hair done another
okay watch how I shower shower shower oh
yeah oh yeah love that I got a shot
right quick the thing is I try to do
with that in the frame but it's so hard
alright I think that's enough John you
gotta uh okay come off Carla did it a
day oh you Bobby I'm joking I let's see
you know it's fun you guys I'm going to
show you okay I've got two remotes for
this to turn it off and on now one of
them is broken right I know which one's
broken so look at this one it flashes it
does not work it just flashes I don't
know what the solution to it is this one
does work however boom turned off oh
yeah anyways you guys I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog I pulled off a little prank
on my sister what walk people
the way I'm think I'm gonna upload that
separately it should be out around the
time this videos out so make sure to
check it out
I'm super funny like ah it's just
amazing but if you did enjoyed today's
box smash them like button and we'll see
you guys tomorrow your score your your
score pro-life you know but for now I'll
see you guys they are younger Yolo army
deuces Wow Oh outside of your deity Oh
anyways see you guys there
goodbye
