good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so today is the last day I haven't
really mentioned when we were leaving
but today is the last day that we're in
London and tomorrow we are leaving to
Dubai so that's a bit of news for you
guys I guess now this morning all I was
doing is everything's the best anyways
but what I was doing is see my Canon bag
I was sorting out all my camera
equipment and I was like why not show
you guys everything I had so the only
thing that is not here is my GoPro so
just add that in your head I guess
because I put the GoPro in my big
suitcase so going into the bag just got
a pen that's pretty much it when you
open up this section I'm not sure how
well you can see let me just readjust
the camera all right so I've done
instead is I put them all on the floor
so you can see them a bit better so here
we go these except from obviously should
have like a GoPro here so imagine
there's a GoPro here and my main
vlogging camera the g7x we have this one
I think you can find all of these in my
description I've already written what
they are the Saudi one of these
projector cameras that I've got my main
camera the lens and the 550d I actually
never use this I don't know why I really
should and then I've got the spare
vlogging camera not really a good volume
camera the g7x is much better but there
you go so so since today is the last day
it's gonna be a very very busy day now
you can probably see I'm outside
now walking got my umbrella since it's
raining heavily and yet today I'm you
can go sort out a couple things at my
bank then go sort out a couple of things
on the internet which is YouTube and
stuff so pretty much going to be a very
hectic day also my mom and sister are
gonna vlog today I gave them the other
camera so let's just see how this vlog
turns out so I'm in town and I ran into
this awesome lady Louise now they're
with a charity called action against
hunger and she talked to me about it
it's out for equal you can research it
online on their website also make sure
to follow her she is awesome
what's your integrate LRU I thought the
baby tumbled on Instagram yes I made
sure to follow you think she's very nice
and yeah I'm just quickly gonna head off
to the library now and quickly upload my
video so I'll see here's the little pond
I wanted a video the other day but it
was way too busy but obviously now it's
raining and no one's here alright so I'm
done at the library it seems like it's
not raining so I don't think I need my
umbrella anymore pausing the library was
pretty much trying to reply to a lot of
comments cos when I don't have internet
it's kind of hard to reply and I've seen
a lot of comments saying oh why you not
replying so I'm really sorry it's just
kind of a struggle and I don't have
internet to see the comments and my
phone also does not have internet
because I think I already told you this
like yesterday or the day before I maxed
it out and I have no more internet but
today's the last day it's okay tomorrow
relieving and that internet is going to
be fine my mom is just are also on their
way here I'm not sure they said like two
or three minutes they're going to the
post office so I'm going to meet them
there and see what they're up to
alright here they are we are finally in
town it's not raining that much they
just put their videos on so what you
have to say
hey guys so we're done at the post
office finally my sis at like 50
thousand questions tomatoes the lady
that works there is kind of her friends
so they talk way too much
tonight half an hour and they were just
talking like blah blah blah blah blah
but I think wait wow that's so bright
what the hell you can't grow no it's not
there you go fixed up by thing
everywhere no I did they just cook
they're just like it's a talkative
friendship but I'm gonna in yourself up
so much I was reading a card right then
it said men speak 15,000 words a day
have women speak 30,000 so I don't I
don't do that much sir
I'm gonna go there's no car hello so
we're just crossing the life all right I
think yeah we've got a loaded coin I
think I'm going to go to Carrie's house
and I'm gonna let my sister and mom
continue their own vlog and just like
half and half it again so I'll see I
think I'm gonna drive ourselves
alright you continue your blog okay
your life Oh
my creatures have a while
so there's my hot track there little
guys we're in the live wit where is it
up going up why they're not going up
mics at all okay yeah we're in a rush I
have an appointment at the nail salon so
we have to do like few things before we
get there so I'm supposed to be there
like five minutes ago so I'm really late
and hopefully I can get my nails done I
haven't had them done for a long time
because yeah I got nail extensions for a
while so I thought I'd give them a go
again because my natural nail when you
put them on break so I just got to carry
showers you can see them over there and
we're just in this studio making some
music you know go our private little
studio here pretty much actually is a
studio you know but we got the laptop
garage man we got the instruments
there's a guitar somewhere over there
I'm not sure it is exactly and obviously
you need a PlayStation in the studio
that just completes us out so I'm
hearing Johnny keep doing here we play
some music
all right go this Chacho device I'm
actually at lessons when I was a kid is
there anything you can't do that's the
only thing I do artists alright so I
just finished uploading my video guys
now we're trying to cool Josh my friend
I wanted to show you the view like a
look at this right the top floor and you
can see everything I'm trying to yeah
we're at the top of the penthouse son -
it is pretty cool wait let finish yet
guys all over here we finished making
our beats our studio look in see
GarageBand time to leave let's go
alright so now on the bus make your way
to get on the young face
well I read you are major honey I just
wanna drink
and if I do want further I shall forget
it after it's just me some fun yeah all
I do
all day look over there look how big
that one is one of them is huge
oh my god he's so aggressive with the
food at all
I'm scared mer imagine you just attacks
all right me and Carrie just making
there'll be the end of mobile automation
ROH KFC which is over there so I'm back
in KFC getting a fantasy or grape this
time Oh
sleepy now I went a bit overboard so
we're finally done at the nail salon and
this is what I chose I hope it goes like
this yes I'm so happy because I haven't
had my nails done for a long time now
and where are we going this I look so
we're walking through town as you can
see behind me yeah we're gonna be missed
so we might be back soon
final look at my nails I love them and
we really don't forget taxi home
start packin Pazuzu
so unfortunately we could have me up
with Josh today as mu here
now welcome to another segment of the
video but yeah we couldn't me up with
Josh I think his phone is dead and he
might be out he was out in the morning
so I don't think we'll be seeing Josh in
today's vlog we're walking our way home
conceal all the cars on this side of the
road we're next
hey don't worry we're not like walking
on the road yeah we're gonna go home
today is my last day in London so the
bike i but biking all right so we're
finally home everything looks completely
packed
yeah I think we're leaving in in the
morning and that's how we're gonna give
our stuff in imagine not that's still
getting packed what's wrong I showed
them the packing on the next night
that's what I do in my room but my mom
just starts complaining because I just
when I'm looking for something I just
roll it just leave it
see we're ready for going right all
right
oh good bye we finally met with Josh now
and Josh is a renowned singer for the
boy band
okay hey there you go he's fixing
outside I need to get bare angles so
what's the Lightning's yeah the light
you get the light good yeah cool
I'm not that good but still it says good
to get it is reasonable yes you can see
it outline I know Fred Romans is new I
try oh wait wait we've got to drive yeah
like once a clog all right so before my
boy starts spitting his bars ratio I'm
saying she's gonna rap on a tune I've
got my iTunes so this is literally gonna
be yeah
I'm just gonna give him a tune to rap
tune ourselves this is going to be
straight off the bat so he's never
practiced or anything so let's see how
he does you ready ready three two one
there you go you ready hey is that it
it's just the a cappella like the song
so I don't need to see rap on it
alright go start start right my name is
mo I make some vlogs I whip it good then
make them put alright so I haven't done
this in a while so I'm gonna do it since
it's my last day in London with my
friends we're gonna watch some of your
snapchats I'm just gonna send out a snap
saying send me funny snaps and hopefully
they're funny enough for us to the
Norfolk we're here and there is a couple
of snapchats here so I'm gonna focus the
camera on the phone and let's see what
they are you can see this on work wait
alright so let's get into some more
there was that back three gay on board
the plane I think I know this guy
Oscar Mohammed y'all a other beauty all
right I'm gonna challenge for you guys
me and my friends were watching a video
and we got this wrong I'm just gonna
admit we got a strong so we scary know
the old of us good okay let's go answer
the question answer the question I am if
y es spells yes what does e y es spell
cancer three seconds three seconds guys
go now alright answer is yes guys guess
what he said no he said si alright
here's the clip guys so yes come on yeah
alright guys so I'm gonna end the vlog
here my friends just left that's going
to be the last time I see them for a
while but yeah I'm gonna end the vlog
here cuz you can see it's not exactly
packed yet and we're leaving tomorrow
morning it's currently like 12:00 that
midnight so don't have long to pack
these I think my mom and sister are
gonna be awake all night obviously I'm
gonna get a minute
I'm not even gonna lie I don't read you
that much packing I think a lot my stuff
is already packed anyway so I'm gonna
end the vlog here hopefully you enjoyed
tomorrow's going to be love flight so
that's just going to be another messy
vlog but once I get into by hopefully
the blogs are going to start taking
shape again so yeah if you enjoyed this
video anyways drop a like and I'll see
you guys with tomorrow yellow yellow
goodbye guys
