good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog site just full cup and I wanted to
show you the weather outside it wasn't
like this like ten minutes ago but now
it's pouring down with rain look I don't
know wait let me try and open the window
so you guys can see it properly you see
that right let me zoom in for you
because it is so boring I'm gonna bring
the camera inside actually because I
just realized that the rain isn't it
going in my microphone but it's super
rainy and I'm just going to quickly go
have my cereal I'm going to Kyra's house
you know I'm right
the one we joke around the city ksi but
I'm going to his house today quickly
have my cereal with a bit of milk and
get ready for another day alright so I'm
making my way to my friends house Kyrie
you know him and it's super rainy I've
got my umbrella I've been trying to vlog
under it but it looks super dark so I'm
probably gonna end it right here I just
wanted to show you the weather like it's
pouring down today's weather is not
looking good for any outdoor activities
but I think we're gonna go to the cinema
alright so I'm at my friend's house KY
and do you guys know what game that is
that is black ops 3 now I'm a super fan
boy your black ops oh I love this game
already watching it
that's it mole yeah alright so I'm
quickly I brought death disappointment I
need to do a small filling at the back
of my futon with Chi
think it's time to go after this we're
meeting up with a friend of ours Josh
you know him as well and I think we're
gonna go cinema I'm not mistaken all you
have to see and March the lyrical a play
they bring our food away they go so me
and my boy are next to the dentist I
quickly need to go have my small billing
the dentist is right around here I'm not
sure if you can see it it's called the
dental art studio but that's where I'm
gonna have my filling done let's go and
finish this off Oh today guys I'm
filling him for more at the moment he's
at the dentist
let's go and see what we can find in
town Brett so we have two of the main
hard drives Western Digital
sigue I'm not really sure which one to
get
so if you guys could comment down below
and kind of help me I don't know
they got Tomatoes I find this baby Oh
everyone's just staring at you got a
flippin camera in your face yeah it's
just a bit weird that everyone's used to
watching everyone with a camera in their
face all right I just finished my
dentist my my boy Kyrie was blogging
when I was in there but my mouth feels
so good but you actually don't like this
side of my face you're dumb like I mean
numb I thought like leaves you I can't
feel this I got Billy we're gonna go
make sure he's cool Josh before we go do
this yeah yeah we're gonna even talk to
him to see if he is that fun well they
she did I can't do this I did y'all
grandmother I can't hear me it's so bad
today I think it might be another one of
them 50/50 vlogs I told my mama sister
to blog hopefully they are and then we
can just go back and forth so when I say
stuff like let's see what they're doing
now it might cut off to them
day out today with my mom
yeah we went to say goodbye to our
friends cause William to divide this
week right guys bus is here we just have
to quickly get on I can't blog and I got
this even I can't drink I don't know why
so let's quickly just hop hop on the bus
and go
Oh got the clip I got the clip of us
getting off the bus professionals my
personal limo collection I don't know
how well you can see them oh here's a
bring me visible one here
my personal limo connection he has loads
more in that don't know how well you can
see that but there you go this is a tour
of my first limo you know don't we have
another limo up here that I I just just
opened them all they did it pretty cool
oh I feel bad since my camera is beeping
on the red light it's like we're about
to die
my friend doesn't believe that we're
outside right now I expose your house
numbers okay Joshua's doing a bit of
weights of I got here you know me and
him have to keep standard size he's
playing man singing or certain did you
start I'll repeat all right so if you
guys don't know I did tell you guys to
add me on PSN now if you know my
playstation is currently being airfryer
to Dubai but now I'm at my friend's
Josh's house and I just logged on to my
account and you guys have been going ham
with the friend request so keep them
coming the username is lion nine eight
seven six five and yeah we're just about
to add them now and hopefully a couple
of you are on mine to play I'm not sure
I'm playing in the online games I
actually might just be playing Fifa so
I'm sorry if you don't play with you
guys but yeah keep them coming wait go
to username groceries name lion okay
right let's go all the way to the top
lion nine eight seven six five
hey guys so right now we're finished in
the host office
we're going to look for a place to eat
because we've been working the home or
indeed as
hopefully once we find a place and after
that we need to go to a library that
I've got no internet so right now I came
with my mom to kostikova we were just
about to have something to eat because
we haven't had any food there all day
and we did some ways just way back after
the finisher we might go and get from
Internet berries of any here
I only finished that Kosta and I'm gonna
do a movie shopping with more just gonna
buy something and hopefully after would
get to the library not checking my mail
and right now we finished at the library
and standing by these bushes look at
these are so sharp but they've actually
changed it and did not used to look like
this it was much smaller but they've
upgraded it now but me and my brother
used to hang out here all the time so we
even used to take part in the reading
like competition like in the summertime
like to read as many books as possible
and like have a little card and I think
there's a set number of books she would
read it so I don't know it's just I
don't remember all of it but yeah we
used to hang me I was like a second home
to us
I give you don't I by the way guys just
if you meet this guy in person I just
please don't take a ride from him feel
for a Zonda Mandy the wheels spin around
the roundabout so please if you want
your life and you want to stay alive
don't take a ride from James you will
kill you hundred percent I don't say
through 100 percent die so so you want
me to record the beat drop alright this
cinema looks like a stadium you know
squad goals basic the session I cinema
Odeon fine at a boy I was gonna say
financial difficulties so inside now
I'm not going a lot to record in here
yes it's not in the cinema place is it
I've never been here guys the only one
we go to is the one in sin the world so
that's why nice we've got the tickets
where's the movie name teen they sit on
the team did they say that for ozone in
the air teen our baby boy we're going in
so I can't record anymore alright that
was the end of the movie it was a bit of
a childish movie to be honest we watched
inside out I think they're talking about
the movie there but we're trying to go
make it to watching the match at the
moment I don't even think I can go watch
it so we just have to see hopefully my
mom's decide if the vlog has been a bit
more interesting basically wait
hi so we're just here at Joseph's house
and we're quickly just watching the
match obviously with Kai and the boys
josh is just in the kitchen over there
but I was reading the colors now I need
to apologize now just eating in the
kitchen yeah he's eating in the kitchen
but I apologize I can't reply to
comments lately it's just if you guys
know I don't have internet so I
literally come to Josh's or Kyrie or
James's houses to get internet it's just
aren't and that's because but I feel to
reply to this I just caught on my phone
I might have to open up my laptop I just
want to quickly give a shout to Ellie
next ship fair fair I thought I could
offer announces I can't pronounce him
but he wrote like a really really long
essay I'd say like it was a comment but
it was super-funny was like once upon a
time on Planet jar lives the but you
guys have to read it it's go read it was
super funny when I read it so shout you
I think my sister's going to be playing
a bit of her piano for you guys right
now so let's go over and see what she's
doing
play one song which I probably learnt
when hours about let's say seven eight
years old so it's like a long time ago
and I kind of remember that one song so
I'll try and play it hope it goes well
before we get it right
so guys that's basically all that I
could play I'm not perfect but I tried
my best it's only one song I knew and
that I learned a long time ago and I
never practice so yeah hope you enjoy
min Josh's garden and josh has a caption
what's his name
oh my god your cat likes my Josh what's
his name
wait is it gonna attack me cuz actually
shoot Josh have you fed it today have
you fed it yeah Josh please speed it oh
you have I did not like me touching him
they actually like just to rub
themselves and they come back
alright anyways it's got some wit nice
colors weird but nice I'm going back
inside don't watch the football
alright so match is over it was a draw
nil nil
no goals but there was a couple good
chances my friends are both Arsenal fans
they're not even gonna speak hands make
my ha joking they're not happy
oh yeah that's the end of the match I'm
just gonna start heading off home soon
and yet see what my mama to start do I
told her to play the thing I think
you've already seen her dinner
Oh
Laurie I've actually messed up this
camera guys is not focusing that
properly but if you guys think that
should do more vlogging on host um no no
just tell me a lot of like company star
in the me I'm Great Dividing is but yeah
we're passing by this now look at this
pink and I already showed them this big
one I'm gonna end the vlog here you know
growl in the streets it's not safe to
bulky these cold streets at night my
little look at that limo in the in the
nighttime when there's no light shine on
it
bye deuces I'm at home now I'm gonna end
the vlog here hopefully you like these
type of loves me and my sister do that
it's like half her half me she played
her pee I don't know how much she did to
be honest I need to go check the clips
now but gonna end the vlog here it's
late at my it's like we're not really
lay aside 11 I'm super tired so we'll
see you guys tomorrow good bye guys
