good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so its current in the morning it's
like half-past ten I'm waiting for a bus
because as I told you guys yesterday I
need to go to the library and upload my
new videos I can see the bus coming it
should be here in like two minutes just
standing at you know a casual bus stop
so yeah let's go and start another busy
hectic day I think I might be either
it's one of two options today going out
with friends or going to central London
I just see need to see what's going to
get happen
so yeah dafair with me alright so I
finally got to this library place I'm
just hoping that the internet is good
enough I think you can see like a big
building over there not too sure how
visible is from here so let's just hope
if the internet is not good enough then
I'm not even sure how many not though
this I just probably have to go back to
my friend's house I'm sure there for a
couple of hours for a top-load but the
weather's nice so hopefully it should be
a good day I got here at 11:10 it's
currently 10:00 to 12:00 and I think I'm
going to be here for another couple of
hours
my friends got here we're canceling the
mission it's going to take like four
hours but instead I'm going to do at my
friend's house a
mr. level of impress the pay Japanese on
the call tonight for sex in death squad
how easy is don't need to move my feet
and then I just can't show this easily
yeah lazy exactly exactly yeah Chad too
late before mine only problem is this
way - fuck I'm break but that's called a
handbrake on these I'm gonna race with
this guy hi Scott I could do it I lost
Hey this is the type of water my boys
get poppin bottles out here what is this
so it's a rock sir oh oh okay we're
about to start game happy everyone's
getting ready to play some football I
tell you - just for lineup then but the
legit it's gonna be a Jew very knows the
words you say I'll say dude legit what's
that
yeah I'm trying to jam session village
it's part 8 of the JC reliant yeah we we
won through one no guys I actually do
tell the tree for that you're my boy
Joshua on the same team again sky and
James obviously met other players
me and my Josh just gave them that
pounding we legit one like you can ask
them yet we want yeah yeah I say oh shit
my friend Josh is coming out with this
mixtape soon he'll stay just where did I
order them Josh features Union Chris
Brown rocky oh oh range guy like CDs
sorry brother
yeah that they're coming soon guys
coming c3
are you gonna move yeah see oh alright
so we're here at Nando's we're just
clearly taking a takeaway you going to
my friends upload the video this is the
retail partner with about there's no two
shops what you do huh
trolley man yeah we should just get our
food and go to start uploading the job I
don't know why I look so dog today I
think it's just the lighting I'm across
quickly looking through the menu you
know just picking out what chicken on
yeah I wonder watching it nothing else
but you look how nice the decorations
are that's over here like a little
pretty cool we're just going to quickly
go to M&S we grab a bit of ketchup
so yeah let's roll out and I know you
guys always say I come tuned and there's
a lot it's just I really like their
chicken and it's one of limited choices
yeah that's why yeah yeah look at that
nice red Ferrari I like I like the plate
number f1 cause so I'm just here at my
friend's house tur we're viewing my
video reviewing doesn't watching it for
out day it or upload it and I would I
see James there's my friend change you
guys know well James jammer staying on
the story honesty okay try and guess how
he's gonna look as a kid I'm going to
show you his baby go up there right try
and just visualize it in your head now
and then let's go and show them this is
him oh you look so tired
oh you got one oh yeah that's him these
are Jordan futures and Josh what are
those yes nothing is anyone left out
that shit I want to show you a house
tour of my friends this house here we
have the seats next to the pool the pool
is on our side this is just like yeah
this is the bachelor pad then we have
the gulf side of the garden the holes
are on the other side of the wall so
it's like a chip you have to chip it
okay there we have the drink section
like you put your cool drinks in there
you want to vlog me like that yeah get
up man
chillin next to the pool bun and Bunnell
saying good oh it looks s konkey mais
who my friends for hi - I I were out
here I just finished uploading my new
video and I think we're gonna head off
to go maybe to do crossbar challenge it
as it seems some people are rekt or
anything that is so hot that we can't
actually do anything
not again I learned to give home with
you whether you can never check you
tripped up I think in watch it yeah when
you tripped up that I waited me try yeah
first let me hop out the muhfucka so
morning grass with the kitties cheese
absolutely that's how we dog the
Shoshone reload that
giggles I see shower room quick little
quick I just wanted to show you this car
that my friend has super awesome gonna
get a clip in front of it let let your
boy will cut you know I'm gonna get my
note oh I thought you guys nickname you
know he's got the skills flex it on him
flex it yeah whoo Kim hi guys so we came
to this part to do a crossbar challenge
now behind the trees there is nothing so
don't worry about that but this is where
our crossbar should be my friend
guaranteed us across my challenge ah
yeah and summer they take down the post
so we thought there was posts here but
let me show you what that actually is
it's like they just drew at the top of
the fence and that was the post so we're
not going to do the crossbar challenge
today I don't know my friend his thing
way over there was he doing is he
walking the game oh my god is that what
you doing guys basically there's a
snakes and ladders thing on the floor
and that's what he's doing
Josh what are you doing is it a snake
something Josh my over-aged friend is
playing snakes and ladders you've been
here for I find me I don't know what's
going on don't fight for why are you
swearing it's takes ladders place I keep
saying your numbers
i mean john d'ampton pick numbers cross
no no no they should pick we can play
against each other
snakes yeah they can see numbers for us
all right guys come let's play snakes on
lab here guys he is such a baby he is
such how could you
we're playing football you're here play
snakes and ladders ah we found a way of
playing the game my friends are saying I
say another number okay said to one 200
I was lot away from the ladder go again
he said one ah it wasn't here's one away
from the snake one away
that's where you deserve to be say it
over number one two three four five six
Oakley I click the right I click the
last leg late the ladder is crossing my
farm I go for it
i shaking that walkie and watch me oh
one blood oh and let's make our way
above that ladder
ah we were a couple away from you Josh
there are a couple of ways snakes and
ladders could never be as much fun go
for it you're looking you have to close
your eyes just close your eyes you gotta
say no no he said say gonna stay are you
a I'll say it I'll say it digit number
seven
you always hit a snake mieze whoa whoa
yeah oh let's go what I need this but
you know I figure if he goes too then
you have to come back in it
you want to but no you can't no you have
to come back if he says to you guys they
have know in the comments that's the
rule if he says any number bigger than 1
ah oh yeah go back hi guys I think we
suggested that the longest nation
ladders game ever on video
wait are you playing so James just I use
your shitty so yeah I'm gonna end the
snakes and ladders scene here obviously
your boy mo what he just had to I'm
judging he won this is actually pretty
fun
alright epic race about start
Josh Carter you st. Paul vs. James
Gannon on your marks are you enjoy your
easy like that
on your marks get set go
shit the guy I do winning is it let's
get it let's get it oh well you have to
run further or if that was around I
realize one of his points I should know
on the inverter inside parts yeah yeah
that was the same thing oh my god you
lost to you same undisputed champion oh
I know this way so they can see your
faces you sign ball round to Usain Bolt
versus to backbone on average I mean
Usain Bolt with this case I 3 2 1 do is
ready set go
everyone okay so I'm gonna take long
ready set go
number one is going on the one over ah
he couldn't hang he couldn't hide you
say bow the second victory
how are you let's follow let's oh you
said oh oh I'm sorry case I my man ksi
is just not for you man you say boat is
too quick yeah nice time I'll joking by
the way the inside lane is easier it's
much easier consider Josh James and
Kyrie he's not ki scary guys gonna say
this is not Josh's you say but anyways
guys I just got home you can see my
sister's rocking a new hairstyle today I
don't know what that is I think she's
been going crazy without internet like
my house there is no internet and that's
why I was all around the place today
just just leeching onto whoever had the
best Wi-Fi it was first library to my
friend's house that was a good day for
me today anyways I had fun my sister's
just having her daily snack or a dose of
snacks by I'm gonna wrap up the vlog
here I've got loads of stuff to do
obviously we're still packing oh my god
packing is the worst it's literally the
worst look look at me Akane oh my hat
property but if you did enjoy today's
vlog smash the like button let's go for
600 I think we can do that probably I'm
not too sure but anyways guys yellow
yellow I'm gonna see you guys next time
bye bye
