good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so I'm currently wearing a backpack
you might be wondering where I'm going
so yesterday that was the end of our
Internet no more internet for me at home
so I have to go out and upload my videos
that's exactly what I'm doing me and my
family are quickly taking a taxi to our
local town they've got a couple of
things to post off and I need to start
loading my videos so you can tell these
next couple of days are going to be
super super busy but I'm dedicated I'm
gonna make these videos come out every
single day on time they're just going to
probably be a little bit earlier than
normal because normally I upload them in
like 8 o'clock but I think everywhere
that has internet here is closed by like
6:00
so yeah just just watch my videos like 2
hours earlier from now on but you know
we're gonna go and I'll see you guys on
the way all right so we just got the
town guys to be posted off something
that we need to post off there's a cool
Bentley for you guys I like them cars so
we're just about to go do some other
things and after them and then head off
to go to the library I think or gosh the
coffee I'm not sure I'll just have to
see if that's not good enough because it
probably takes me about an hour and a
half or like an hour top load my videos
so I just quickly need to see which one
has faster Internet's upload but to be
honest the video for today which you
guys are going to see is already
uploaded I just need to click one button
to publish it while the Sun is so bright
you can see my mom's sister right behind
me walking so I'll see once I start
uploading this video alright so
recurrently I constantly got the I'm
literally trying to connect to the
internet and it's just not happening I
don't know what's happening it's only
over for another 45 minutes we're stuck
here sorry that bad I guess we're having
our tea and my hot chocolate but
nothing if this doesn't work we have to
go to like I don't know whose tail
I was literally planning on uploading it
right now you can see safaris not
opening and it says I'm connected to the
internet but I know I'm just going to
try and have someone after this popper
out my teeth of me and see what's going
on because I need to upload this video
now now we're never objective if it
doesn't have no hurry describe to my
friends how to quickly awesome downloads
over there and to up
we're all leaving there was no internet
has closed my laptop and I guess I think
I'm going to make done that's the only
other place I who has internet here
I think McDonald's will do let me just
go upstairs and this is it a try and use
the internet maybe I have to get like a
coke or something and just sit trying to
upload it if not then I don't know I'm
just giving up today
the struggle is gay I mean I went to
McDonald's couldn't connect there either
it's literally a search for internet I
just called my friend so he's going to
call me back in a couple minutes
hopefully anyways and I'm just going to
try and head off to his top load it
quickly but damn line all of this for
one video just one video and I don't
even need to upload I need to press one
button and that's public because I've
already done uploading when I have the
Internet
where we go
that's good news guys I found the police
upload man video my friend called me Amy
his home I look at this motorbike I
actually really love motorbikes guys I'm
really really manly one
yeah as I was saying I really really
badly want a motorbike well my heart my
sister like no it's too dangerous and no
one really wants me to have one but let
me see I don't talk don't look for a bit
I start talking definitely so we just
finish our work we're gonna go to
Tesco's buy some stuff take taxi home
because we have no car at the moment
yeah and for those of you asking my
sister's car has also been sold we
didn't we did a really video it but
there you go
she sold her car ok we forgot to video
I'm really sure I love this motorbike
look at it it's so awesome
love-life tell me do you guys not like
so you must do I've got a new plan
because I need to be at my friend's
house kind of quick well I don't really
need to be but I want to be there soon
to make sure this video goes out I'm
gonna give the vlog over to her please
just just tool from the plugins that I
like bye
so even though I gave my camera to my
sister I realized I brought my spare
camera out so that's a really good thing
I accidentally brought it out because
what happened in the morning was I was
blowing on my other camera and I
condensed its lens and it wasn't going
so I was scared it wouldn't go I look at
this River wait let me show you right
look at them are moss there isn't it
it's like all green it's actually more
on that side let me quickly go and show
you look at all of that guys like that
is all moss it looks pretty cool and
then over there it starts to become
water and I'm sorry for the wind it's
just really windy today
so guys me and my mom are just about to
walk in to Tesco's and my brother just
handed over the camera so I'll be
blogging for the rest of the day um yeah
I don't know what people are we doing
here
weights like food shopping
yeah we're just food shopping and
after this where you will head home and
I need to finish up the rest of my
packing kind of behind and maybe some
more might go somewhere nice that we
managed to do all our work so see you
guys but my brother has destroyed this
camera it's not focusing at all
hello it's all focusing
the first things first we buy vegetables
my mom is planning to cook some fish she
is like a chef it's ridiculous
mommy what fish are you looking for
explain
oh fish we're trying to choose a fish
my mom decided to get can I see it this
one is the Vietnamese River cobbler so
yes for you guys we like cooking fish
alright so since the weather is so nice
I had to grab myself one of these
popsicle sticks I'm not sure how dark it
is because the Sun is behind me so
hopefully it's turning out all right but
these are so nice like in summer
specially you know you have to have
these
I'm quickly waiting at the bus stop his
bus should be here higher if you can see
that that's how the bus time so right
here they show you when the buses get
here but says one minute so he's gonna
be here pretty soon and yeah I'm gonna
head off to his and I already finish
this I really want to go get another one
but I don't want to just delay him here
so we're just gonna have to wait no but
nobody can see us
hello No so we're finished in Tesco's
and taxi takes 40 minutes so we decided
to walk home that's how that goes I did
mention we're walking I didn't that was
bad that was terrible
my brother will kill me auntie see this
vlog it's terrible yeah so I told you
decided to walk it was actually a very
bad idea
my feet are aching look at this like I'm
wearing like sort of heels none I don't
know what did shoot at us but just it's
got some help right and it is the most
uncomfortable thing ever I think it's
like a three-mile walk how how far is
this oh my legs mommy okay you know the
only good thing is because in UK it's
lovely weather so right now in summer
it's just really amazing as I was saying
weather's really nice here so I don't
mind walking but the only problem is I
needed comfortable shoes we didn't
expect to walk my taxi was gonna take 40
minutes which is quite a long wait and
there was a lot of traffic so we thought
we'll just walk it home and yeah we'll
just walk on basically and look at the
sky it's so blue my brother's going to
make fun of me blogging because you
always end up having a laugh about the
fact that I don't blog really good or
anything so see I wanted to show you
somewhere there's like a patch of land
where people grow fruits and vegetables
so it's really nice and fresh
you can see this is like a little bill
some like farmland or garden I don't
know like you can rent and grow your own
crops which is really nice nice and
fresh for those who really like their
stuff healthy I'm walking my way home
I've actually realized today how much of
an Internet addict
I am so obviously I haven't had internet
for the whole day and when I'm at home I
am literally so bored and can't do
anything but thankfully I was able to
upload my video but tomorrow is gonna be
even more of a struggle like today I
already had one video uploaded and
that's what takes the longest part so
not even putting on public so tomorrow I
think I have to wake up super early goat
head to the library and start uploading
like to videos because I need you just
in case one day I can't make you or
anything like that so tomorrow is going
to be an even crazier day but I'm just
walking my way home as you can see on
the footpath a bit of a journey to go
straight but we'll make it eventually I
miss the bus guys and I have to walk all
the way home it's not that far it's like
a five minute walk but it just it's so
hot I'm sweating just by walking so I
think I might even jog it I haven't done
exercise or like jogging in a long time
you recognize now I'm not gonna dog it
I'm too lazy and I think I get
I don't have the right shoes that I've
got my blue night shoes I don't want to
scrape them against the floor or
anything
need to keep them fresh I'm just gonna
walk my way and to be honest I'm not in
the mood to run either so I can't even
keep my eyes open it looks like I'm
super mad at when I'm walking because I
like that but it's just really hot and
I've got sensitive eyes so yeah all the
way down there to get home
well I just got home I swapped over to
my main camera today has just been a
crazy day now I don't know why I just
want to challenge you guys to spend one
whole day without internet and I what I
mean Internet I don't just mean YouTube
and Google I mean like even if you use
stuff like iMessage and stuff is so
difficult today I've just been literally
kidding myself I told you I am an
internet holic I'm addicted to them to
know and I think most of us are yeah
today's been so like I go in in the
morning like normally I wake up I'll go
straight to my YouTube I'll go straight
to like anything to do with internet
that's pretty much what I do and then
today was just like I woke up I couldn't
go on anything I was a sight I couldn't
check my messages I challenge you guys
try it see how it goes on maybe a lot of
you are not like me maybe you actually
have a life and don't use the internet
too much but for me most today is on the
internet I guess so especially with this
YouTube thing but for now I'm gonna go
take a shower
I'm gonna end the vlog right here it's
currently not even that late I'm not
sure about in the blog I'll tell you
guys in a couple minutes
a living room Harvard everybody you
start can you stop over to varnish okay
did you go hopefully you guys enjoyed my
sister's blog today she was I don't know
how she blogged to be honest I was too
busy trying to find an internet spot for
me like but she had the camera I should
I'm just joking you not had my extra
camera on me I was vlogging
yeah I had my extra camera I took it I
didn't realize I had taken out until I
left but hopefully her half of the day
was bed in my half because she was doing
some shopping I was just like a madman
running around for Internet
all right so I just got off the shower
and I wanted to show you a picture of me
old so I just got that I have so I just
got out of the shower and I wanted to
show you a picture of me a while ago
when I had my long hair some of you
might have seen it some of you might
have not I'm not sure if you have but
I'm going to show you right now just
don't laugh at me this is baby mole or
it's a throwback picture there we go
this is me a couple years back with my
Justin Bieber adieu or whatever you want
to call that haircut I'm not sure I
found it on my old computer these
weren't even my clothes is a funny story
my friend came round and I thought these
clothes are cool so I just put them on
and took a photo with them and it's on
my old computer so drop a like if you
like that hairstyle and if you don't
just make sure to tell me to keep the
one I have now but anyways if you did
enjoyed today's video
smash the like button for all of the
hard work I had to do just to get into
now I'm kidding like if you did enjoy
the videos oh and yeah see you guys in
tomorrow's video y'all know y'all know
and I'll see you guys tomorrow good bye
