good morning guys welcome to another
vlog today we're gonna have a romantic
start to the vlog there you go that's
kitty and bubble kissing each other and
he's probably gonna be you're up in a
couple seconds and bite her but let's
just pretend like that's not going to
happen and he's just gonna continue to
lick her so boys we are taking the Lambo
out for a washing today I'm wearing
everything I bought the other day from
diesel I'm wearing the shirt they're
jeans obviously not the shoes literally
that's what I got the shirt and the
jeans but you're looking for right now
waiting for my sister to come outside so
we can take this bad boy for a wash I
know we haven't used it for a long long
time I'm really sorry
we've just been super super busy but
yeah today's the day so make sure if you
like these type of vlogs smash the like
button and yeah that always lets us know
you want to see more of this guy and
less of us I'm joking
I'll smash the like button if you want
to see more videos with the Lambo and me
I'm just trying my best to pull out as
much as we can literally today because
of the last video which you guys at 2 K
on that's why we're doing this really
sure you were like ok we have to take it
out quickly for something the people
want to see it so she is finally out
we're about to take this guy for a wash
ok let's let's show them harder he is
you ready now look at this wash me I put
a W on it why we're taking it for a walk
round I oh yeah that makes sense you
know
ok her about to go we might put some
more on it ok fine let's pour it down
let's pour it down we're taking it for
okay go go free okay I'm trying okay
what site out this side oh my god okay
that's enough the other side yeah you
need it
okay guys this is manual washing here
how to wash your Lambo okay that looks
fine okay take this take this
my hands are completely dirty and what
is the point of taking it for a wash if
I'm gonna wash most of it myself ready
let go okay so it's go time guys
so we're about to make our way to the
car so to show you this we have a little
Lambo USP which has the songs in itself
Lambo USB for the car which is pretty
funny and it's even got these lights
that we turn around look at that who
will it focus there we go look at the
USB is like this little tiny Lambo with
the music on it so we're about to leave
we'll see what we probably get there or
maybe your boy will be doing some sick
DJ in the car
I so finally about to get there it was a
bit of traffic on the way so hopefully
we're not too late but I guess you guys
liked my singing right my vocals are on
point I just lipstick that's all I do is
yeah when I when I sing it is four into
the whole song but yeah I think it's
just down this street somewhere so we
should be there soon
let's go check out some cars it's gonna
take ages to wash the car because we
haven't taken him for so long
and look at this look at that that's
also dirty so yeah we'll see you at the
car wash lat
ok so we are finally here we got here
we're just gonna hand in the car I'm
gonna take you in and yeah it's time to
sit for a couple of hours with regard to
get wash I'm just kidding guys
close the door with our and and yeah
we're handing it in now to wash let's go
goodbye my friend we're never gonna see
him again god
ok so we're here and you can see behind
me crazy crazy crazy crazy cars got an
orange Aventador right there above my
finger I think that's a Maserati
Mercedes and then a Ferrari something I
don't know the name that well there she
comes she's coming inside now for the
wash oh yeah
hurricane wash time
okay so I'm not sure if you guys knew
but we are planning on wrapping the
Lamborghini now we're scrolling through
a couple of colors here you guys could
help us out in the comments as well to
let us know what you think we should go
for but for your thoughts what do you
think I don't know always go for black
blue I like the red
it's ready okay we're just gonna sit
here picking but definitely let us know
in the comment section what color you
think would be nice and yes unless any
possible designs you guys might have and
yeah we'll take a look at it okay so the
car is ready and fully sparkling now
they're just opening the doors so the
Beast can exit oh yeah there you go guys
we're done here now we should be back
from the road okay guys the car is fully
washed you can see it shining there we
go
time to go out with the at night let me
try and get like a quick thumbnail shot
so we'll see you guys on the street now
it looks good right I really like when
the lights are on so but the problem is
when the lights are on they can't see
you oh wow
they've turned the lights on okay wait
I'm standing here so you can see now oh
yeah we'll see you guys on the journey
were quickly just getting a thumbnail
shot okay so my sister quickly ran to
give them like you know the floor mats
because we're not going to use them so
why not just get back and yeah I don't
know where I'll put it in the car
anyways cuz it's not that spacious
inside is kind of low
oh yeah we're about to go my sister's
going back and yesterday was a good day
hopefully you enjoyed us going around
the lamp or play some music and we
finally washed it so that means there
will definitely be more usage after
coming in the future
like yeah flee at night you can't see
much just like my sister doing she's
outside the car yeah let go go time now
it's our time to play some music got the
Lambo USB in the Lambo oh wow they can't
see anything thanks a lot thanks a lot
I've trying to show them that I have USB
look at this okay it's at the bottom you
pressed down and there you go to USB
part comes out for making a look at late
night look at the visibility now I was
watching a video and the guy passed the
red light because of the low visibility
because he had tinted his windows as
well and you can see you can't see that
part that well but that play some music
let's turn it up in this joint
okay so we've lost our way home guys we
have no idea where we're going how did
you lose your way home it's like a route
we come every single day this lighting
is so weird in the car
okay these getting a bit right don't you
see anything that's what I mean is so
dark there's what happens that girl's
Drive I mean you don't know where
they're going
don't know we're going somewhere and it
looks super you brought in traffic I was
trying to avoid this and he made it
worse okay yeah it's just another day
what'd you do the green light will come
soon
I don't know
ah red light again
that's the tram system by the way which
I'm just trying to record for you guys
pretty cool right yeah yeah no you're
like blank even bring the window up or
pull your hair back because the
witnesses keep going oh my god - I
actually put a hair clip in my lambo all
the time believe me it's in their
pockets they are the struggles of owning
a laugh oh you need a hair clip the
light scream
funny guys okay so we're almost home
guys I'm just trying to get a
deceleration crackable for you guys so
that's let's see if we do here that's me
not going up oh yeah it sounds more than
when it revs
that's not safe that's what I got
okay now we're finally home all right so
we're finally home guys hopefully you
did enjoy it we tried to rev it and do
stuff like that things that you guys
enjoying the looks oh yeah thumbs up if
you like this vlog so far she's at
parking the car we are definitely gonna
do stuff with it in the future so yeah I
don't know is there parking where she's
going I don't know she's gonna knock the
Range Rover with this type of parking
we're not know what we should do with
the car PS also let us know about the
color of the wrap we should get if you
have designs draw them and send it to my
email my business emails in my About
section I think so yeah but that's been
us for today it's gonna park the car I
think I need to go do some stuff for the
pink channel inside not too sure we just
have to see about that and yeah it's
been I'm so hot but do you got my
swagger yeah I think my swag was on
point today you find him a lie guys this
new sab dorm is black blue blue does a
good match right no I'm just talking too
much let's go look if you're a thought
my mom just just appreciate her like she
caught me on the way shoes are you
hungry and she may be food I'm like
starving right now so thank you mommy
she don't want to be in the house there
don't worry don't be like why is she not
in the blog say thank you and I
literally just saw that she was like no
I don't want to be in the vlog but I
love you mommy I know you she can hear
me
definitely I'm on my laptop looking
through a couple of wraps action so it's
pretty cool - goodness I don't think
we'll do something as complicated as
this but just if you have any ideas you
think are cool just let us know I'm not
sure exactly what this will happen it's
gonna at least take a month before we do
does the look a few ideas there's any
cool ideas IDs actually pretty cool I'm
looking at every single one to be honest
I hope you guys enjoyed today's idea if
you did I'm really glad because I know
you guys always keep saying oh why
where's the lamp oh why are you doing it
or by videoing with it and it's just
nature you've been so busy with in the
past couple of weeks that we haven't had
time to so yeah you did enjoy so you
smash you like that opportunity sitting
here looking through more designs until
something interesting happened so yeah
I'll see you after a couple minutes I
had to show you this one look at that
that looks pretty cool okay so my
sister's told me she sounds scared ya
know yeah she really cared about that
one huh try again try again
but was actually gets freaked out he
doesn't recognize the person pose knows
he's playing with it spraying with a
paintbrush man
go for it but was caught bubbles then
what the hell what the who is that this
kinda spooked out though
okay leave him alone don't be mean to
bubbles no she's not scared you can't a
string like wanting to play with it nah
she does care bye anymore I told you
anyways if you did enjoyed today's what
are you doing yeah I'm guessing she
hates it but if you didn't originate now
make sure to smash the like button yeah
you're ruining my option she actually
doesn't like it you get the cheeks get
the Chiefs how different is that a
different design leave me alone
leave me alone my yet if you guys did it
earlier make sure to smash the like
button let us know any suggestions I
also told them to email us like if they
have any designs oh we need to design
soon and it's got to be something very
unique I've told them before you're
saying nobody in this world let Scott so
no one the whole world even aliens they
come to this world they should be like
what the hell is that car yeah last no
every designer to have and yeah we'll be
very thankful for it if you did enjoy
nature log if you're an alien is all
smash the like button like it you guys
know I expect this will be out in this
world yeah we'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog
you always miss your killing you miss
your cue okay squad I'll see you
tomorrow your score deuces
