oh good morning everyone and welcome to
another vlog I'm kind of happy to this
morning I don't know why you know what's
really funny I can't wait let's try and
make the darkness go away thank you now
that we're in the car today I'm wearing
a Kiwi you can't see how my flip-flops
and socks now I always used to think it
was super weird when people did that
when I put it to my safe I just always
changes the see setting is weird but it
is so comfortable like I don't know how
or why but it is so that's why I'm
rocking today me and my mom are quickly
gonna do some food shopping go to see my
mom blog mom say hi guys oh my god yeah
basically I've been persuading my mom to
talk a bit more in the vlog so today
could be mom vlog who knows my mom loves
drawing her to rock I'll give it to her
and see what she does so let go okay so
I guess the hi was all you're gonna get
for today as my mom is not going to vlog
more than that so mom starts why because
she's starting and then maybe in the
future she'll talk a bit more on the
blog but we are making our way to the
shops she's super shy yeah we're gonna
go buy some things okay so we are on the
way to the shops guys you know I don't
know why I'm actually so happy today
it's just there's just my mood I think I
woke up in a positive mood today which
is good for a change
I've been I've been kind of going up and
down recently you know but
everybody watching hopefully my
happiness goes to you you know to be
honest to say my life but what do we
need we might do some shopping for The
Cooking Channel activity we need to do
that I don't want to like make the
channel and not make videos and yeah I'm
doing I'm planning a couple videos for
the near future coming with The Cooking
Channel we finally got the stores alive
I look like such a fresh person I look
at that flip-flops with socks but we're
just looking for a couple things to buy
I think first off is conflict if we
don't have any of that so you know the
boy is going for the normal Coco Pops
you know okay so it is finally home time
and we didn't manage to get anything for
The Cooking Channel no I feel like okay
so it's that time of the day again we're
going out with family to you and I know
if you've been asking why like I've I've
been hanging out with a lot family
recently it's just they came over to
Dubai and when they come over you know
it's nice to spend a couple of days but
they are leaving tomorrow so
vlogs we'll just be back with us but but
we're about to head up to the mall and
go eat with them so I'll see once we get
there so I haven't showed you this area
for a while we're outside of the buy
more
I'm next to the address hotel but more
importantly the Burj Khalifa the tallest
building in the world so I'm going to
show you that right now
there you go guys you can see how tall
that building is this is normal level
and that's the building and it goes all
the way up but the restaurant we're
eating at is on the other side of this
going to turn around the camera and show
you look at that next super awesome and
yeah we're just going to go through and
I'll try and show you as much as I can
because I haven't been here for a long
time so look at this you can see it
looks super nice over here and then look
at this this view is beautiful I need to
take a picture here before I go I just
want to show you where I'm eating so you
guys can just get it up what the food is
if you enjoy it incumbent passion for
food you're so much I'm recording yet
yeah well the fish is like laid out so
let me show you it's cool fresh and I
think you just pick what you want it's
gonna be bad for you cuz I'm not a fish
it looks delicious I think I'll still
have some what you know him to go for
should be good okay so I lost you always
want to see the menu so I'm quickly
gonna go through it with you guys so
let's start you're gonna see is this way
now so to make it easier I just put on
the seat but you can see beverages I
want to go all the way to the fish so
that's soup on the starters and then we
have the main stuff so unique fresh boat
experience and everything is here now
I'm not sure what I want but I guess I
have to pick soon this is how they pick
the fish guys you just pick it and
that's the one you get and yeah they put
it in and that's what you're gonna have
that was the main course okay so we're
just about to leave I want to show you
this display day and in the corner of
the restaurant I'm sorry if it's super
laughs but that moves trooper also
and I just wanted to show you so yeah
there you go I'm here on my mother so
you can see
we're gonna go now the food is great
yeah thumbs up to this day so I'm back
outside coming through the same area and
I just had to stop by just show you
everything that's super nice at the
gorge but here in the family you know
the super to loading look at that it's
the tallest in the world is about one
kilometer I think I'm not too sure how
tall is it's like eight hundred years we
have a nice view over there let me just
turn the camera real quick yeah they can
see it look at the address hotel behind
my sister looks super nice and there is
let's try and focus on it
there we go I think everybody's waiting
for the water fountain show but I'm not
too sure because basically there is a
fountain show that goes on here but I'm
not sure when it's gonna start so I
don't think I'll wait around for it too
long you can see those crowds just
waiting for it because an awesome show
looks super amazing and yeah I think
you've seen on my channel before and
it's perfect as it goes on right outside
the Burj which is this amazing building
okay look at this shop I think I've
showed you guys this before but you like
give me the chapter
since I did promise you my mama's gonna
start blogging where are we going mom
you see so my mom is just super shy I'd
literally have to record this twice
before I could make a vlog with me sir
yeah we're about to go home though so
should be fun
got a really nice day at the mall and I
met a couple of new guys which was
really awesome
oh yeah finally home got the key to the
door don't think there shouldn't be
anyone at home unless it's an uninvited
person somehow unless his bubbles its
bubbles that's who was home I don't know
why my hair is so bad guys apology
apology either I look kind of crazy but
I had a really good day today was the
last day that we were meeting up with
family and when I had a nice dinner with
them and here for tomorrow it's just us
again it's just me and you know me and
you guys I'm just so tired I have
started reading this book Tyler I think
I showed you guys yesterday there is
flashes of thought by Sheikh Muhammad
himself
I actually really like it there like
some really nice coats in there but I
haven't read all of it yet so I don't
want to spoil it for you guys so if you
want to read it it's just like quotes
and stuff like that's really nice though
well you know what's up same I said I
blog you don't say hi to the blog I want
to show you the struggle off on leasing
your shoes when you have cats look at
that key what is wrong with you that
what the hell I can't Unleashed him
without her biting you look look at them
they're both you okay this one yeah yep
they're just jumping shoot shoot
literally she was under the bed and I
was just on leasing it did like someone
jumped at my shoe that let's try it then
unlace it let's see if they come you
know fresh laces here you know I can oh
they've given up boss so surprised I
just like jumped I was like what
happened and then I just saw cute it's
like carrying my shoelaces but they are
really know we know bad kittens so we're
finally about to end the vlog guys and I
thought since my mom did help out
look so much day and you guys love to
see your blog out it out review guys so
I'll see you guys Oh Papa what are you
doing you're ruining now true well yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow
yo yo lo guys let's do it again
yah yah yah no and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at this video it's a thousand
Mike's I'll try and persuade my mom to
use this swaggy way over there so yeah
once he has to mark goodbye how come no
no you know what here's an extra for the
vlog this is the struggles of living
with cats anything you have on your
table bubbles will take and shred so if
you're someone that goes to school and
do homework or don't do it your cat
eating it could be a legitimate excuses
to see bubble just pretty much crushed
what could have been homework and by its
remote
