Oh
oh yeah everyone good morning what is up
welcome back to another video so we're
gonna start today's vlog with a little
bit of target practice yeah let's do
this guys ready
it was loaded I was about here goes
nothing
time to do some target practice Oh ready
yeah
let's go all right let's do that let's
do that one more time guys hi this time
round I'm gonna have them all on one
line like boiling tea like bowling okay
three two one I'm hitting why is it not
falling so one of the photos actually
broke when I put in automatic Oh rooster
piss listen we don't play games on the
Bulldogs Channel
anyways what is up everyone welcome back
to another video how are you doing you
know sometimes you just have to get a
little bit of stress off your back
and you might need to shoot some models
in the morning and it is today is
another beautiful day we are one day
away from 2018 I guess the next time I'm
gonna see you guys is next year for now
we're gonna head out off the house and
let's go have some fun yo our boy so
first stop of the day we've come over to
the gym store I and check it out whoo
I'm buying a rope and a pretty heavy one
so you know the things that you like do
that with the ants yeah I'm buying a
massive rope because number one I'm
gonna start working out with it and
number two I'm gonna use this to do a
tug-of-war with cars
this is Rory the weirdest purchase of a
roommate guys but I am making a home gym
right now so we Gucci have you ever seen
something like this
Wow basically right now me and Saiga
have come on a little beach date Oh just
not food there this is such a beautiful
place why are you changing the subject a
day bro hold my hand hold my oh my oh my
god you're holding my hand I have some
really sad news to tell you on today's
vlog basically that's why I needed to
come tell you it's IgAN this is the last
time you're gonna see me this year on
YouTube
no more videos this year guys no more
videos this year guys you know those
youtubers that make it overly dramatic
it's my last video until next year guys
I'll be back I'll be back
but it's know when you slogan make it
your best year ever
let's get off your brother on a romantic
date with two lights bro this is so fake
we set up two lights as you couldn't see
anything we had to set up two lights
just to vlog over here look
apart from this is dark anyways besides
for my little date right now I'm
actually heading over to go see my mom
and sister clearly came over here to
chill the view is insane
everything is insane I'm insane sigan is
crazy - I'll see you tomorrow guys and
don't forget make it the best year you
ever have I need to go see my mom and
sister who are in the mall shopping so
let's go over here I guess - right now I
just made it over to the wall and
they've actually parked my sister's car
right in front so I know they're
definitely here Hey she's undercover in
the mall
West Side gang gang gang undercover bro
thank yes
to take your shower
a laptop I have to run to blazes
whoo oh my god 3250 week sales are
happening today you know what that means
it's time for shopping I know I just
came to the store and everything is rose
gold and sparkly this those are the
coolest high heels I've ever seen it
does it kind of changes it does it
becomes less shiny we yellow together
that's weird
we've been shopping around for a good
hour and my sister can't find anything
what happened to me but I cannot choose
anything anymore it's so hard for me to
choose something and be
so here's the thing guys right now I'm
actually heading out you thought you're
an artist fact Joe's an artist he's
about to paint a wall right now guys my
boy Fat Joe I'm all the way yeah he's
about to actually paint a wall that
deals on wheels all right I'm gonna see
you guys it's time for some painting oh
now listen I could do very simple like
everybody's doing I have to go crazy go
crazy
okay sir I should quickly jumped in the
BMW i8 the car is actually on right now
it's completely silent if you guys don't
know the cars on bro
why is it bad it's silent what are you
thinking about how is it a dumb car bro
this is an ie it's on bro guys because
it makes no noise he doesn't understand
you see now it's off please buy the car
good boy living life you know he's the
best one in cars everybody was in cars
okay so today we're doing car shopping
with Ross here's the thing my boy
rush it actually bought a car but I
can't show you guys because he wants to
keep it a secret for now but before we
go check out the car look what they've
done to the Bugatti they've actually
covered the Bugatti just in case the
spray paint comes on to it it doesn't
get sprayed so that's pretty cool Oh
Ross come here come here come here I
don't care what car you've bought I
don't care what you call you no no no
listen listen listen listen listen
whatever you bought refund and buy that
look behind you it's got a cage
almost 700 around that price I would
drive this car if I I'm not I would
drive with hellstr√∂m it's really quick
I've been in one they're quick
yeah basically they do that so it's like
they want to lose the weight I think
there are parts I saw parts are carbon
but not the whole bloody if you're a
teen you buy this so I just came back to
check up on everything Joe I think you
went a bit to the right it's starting to
look crazy good so right now he's
quickly painting money kicks on there
bro just to fit your name he ruined the
other side of who we just sorry Muhammad
bills almost a few moments later that is
the finished product guys as you can see
but yeah there you go that is the
graffiti know what you think in the
comment section I think it looks pretty
cool alright for now it's time to go
home guys it's super late and it took
really long to do this so let's go right
now
box what's in the box
yep behind the camera nope it's not a
rope it's a snake you know we're gonna
do with this I'm gonna tie up your
number Guinea versus my Ferrari let's
see who wins in a tug of war I'm just
gonna damage my car are you scared
my cars in the wind why don't we type
your two cars together no no no no no it
needs to be a fair battle supercar
versus supercar looks like somebody
scared
looks like Lamborghinis chicken
listen 2017 has been amazing nope
unfortunately before I end up today's
with you I do want to say guys this is
actually going to be my last video for
the year
I don't think bro it's next year
tomorrow let me do my speculum I'll see
you next year I guess if you guys are
still here I don't know nobody knows
outcome I'm gonna hit you with something
make it sound like you're gone forever
until next year which is tomorrow which
isn't a continuation of your damn blog
right all right I'll see you guys next
year I love you Yoli oh no wait don't
forget subscribe to win an iPhone X I'm
not in the mood boy
