good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today they took all the boxes away
everything got taken away I was asleep
winning or taking away unfortunately I
couldn't video it but the house is empty
it's completely empty or not completely
up to you obviously there is still stuff
in here but I mean all the huge boxes
are gone um I've been seeing loads of
videos lately I don't know if you guys
know what it is it's like a ninety day
thing a lot of youtubers are doing and I
really feel like doing I don't know why
it's like this 90 day you get fit get
healthier type of thing lose weight I
don't know I'm just been watching loads
of these videos I know outfit day I
don't know if you guys know these people
fouseytube
I can't remember a verse by row I
watched Alfie deyes video today and I
just saw him starting it and I just
really feel like doing it but I'm not
sure I'm just saying what's in my head
right now I might start it soon maybe I
don't know what it is what is it exactly
I just know it's something ninety days
you get fit you exercise you eat healthy
or something like that right here today
the house is super super empty my
friends are coming around Lee or we're
gonna go play some billiards pool
whatever you guys cool it yeah it's
pretty much what's going on at the
moment so recently I've been getting a
lot of questions asking why I'm going to
be doing when I'm going to Dubai or
what's going on with my university and
I've been meaning to address it for
quite a while now I just never got
around to it so I'm going to be using
this time before my friends get here to
address it so pretty much that day when
I mean my blog goodbye University I fail
to mention that I'm not leaving my
University I'm taking a one-year gap
here now the course I studied a lot of
you also wanted to know this was pretty
much a mess and business degree it was
like a joint degree and yeah I finished
my first year I'm taking a gap year for
my second year which is this year when
I'm going to Dubai now a lot of you want
to know what I'm doing the gap year and
there might be new people watching this
video considering a gap year so I'm
going to tell you like if you should do
it or my opinions on it and what I'm
going to be doing so there's a lot of
things I really want to do in this gap
year YouTube being one of them and a lot
of other small projects like I really
want to sell a brand like
clothing brand you guys always know in
the videos I mess around saying my swag
and stuff like that but that's something
I always really wanted to do just see
how it goes with my designs are good
enough so yeah you guys might be seeing
that in the next year to come and also
just like little things I'm not too sure
exactly by just right now plans and see
how it goes so I thought this year would
be a great year for me to experiment but
about the gap here I'm not sure if I'm
the best person to ask about bar just
let you know my thoughts I think if you
are considering a gap year the main
thing is make sure you're going to be
doing something cuz sitting around and
doing nothing even if it's something
small for example like this YouTube
thing is apart of my gap you and I made
sure to stay consistent with it even
before my technical gap year starts
because now it's the summer if I was
going to go to uni so make sure you're
going to be busy cuz a lot of people I
know my friends often they took a gap
year and they just sat home for the
whole year and they really regret it so
make sure you're going to actually be
doing something positive even if it's
the smallest of things like for example
what I'm saying YouTube videos like it's
not too much time or anything for me to
do this but I'm just making sure I put
out one video in days so my productivity
still stays up and I'm not just sitting
around so hopefully this cleared up a
lot of your thoughts about what I'm
going to do in this year and stuff like
that now YouTube is not the only thing
as I explained this is just like a part
of the gap here but I'm going to make
sure the gap here does not affect my
youtube I really do want to stay
consistent with the videos so yeah
hopefully this answered your questions
my friends are about to come around in
like 10 minutes so we're going to go
play some pool and then the normal vlog
is continuing let's go
hahahaha is that good per se
I like again I gotta leave there realize
oh alright some of my boy is now finally
we're heading to I think we're going
pool yeah our friends called us and they
wanted to go bingo but we declined that
why don't think we're a bingo group
we're gonna play some pool I promise you
guys I don't understand how this is
ambulance has lights okay your eyes
shine
okay just wing me yeah you always look
quite good but you're quite photogenic
highs record high so being up
so what we're gonna do what we're to do
oh hey hey guys
you actually want me to put this is
Mohammed if you want a token we have our
separate secret handshake come on hurry
you know what to do to try and make it
work but tragedy why did it on him I
don't know Angelina
I'm very excited Brian yeah the spot
were you late for you same old I'm so
like what I want it in my walls
hi this is Luke his name is Luke he's
really talkative remembers my blue super
again
uh yeah back to Mohamed your main man
yeah yeah oh yeah I'm Eric I'm an Arab
not like that you know what the video
yeah
yeah I'm from Lebanon and like that's
Arab is wrong with it but it's no big
deal hanging out my friends I don't know
how well the flips are going to come out
so yeah you're probably gonna see them
anyways there you go that's a couple of
them there couple of them they're back
onto them yeah we're just chillin
obvious yellows like this and then we're
gonna cook it so we're done we just melt
with friends but me and my friends are
now that didn't make sense we're done we
map our other friends and then we're
heading off to go play something good or
is lovely good arias I record every
color is well look at the flicker there
is to better is look at everybody in
sight I'll try to put my ego goes right
but yeah we'll see once we have to play
some pool
and then I'll show you the real smoke
billowed says hi so we found this pool
Club guys that it looks really really
cool
we're just gonna go obviously play
inside look over here you know be my
boys all right that's all good and
you've Logan someone else is here
oh we do remove brush okay I'm scared
guys I'm not going to change
would you there we go that's inside my
time to play safe room guys you're gonna
see your boys kill these guys they have
no idea how good I am so I made
something first I'll do the video and so
let's see how this goes I hope they
don't hit me
you ready for this
my ice is slowly bright but that was a
great start to the good to the
championship series oh that sounds
amazing
I mean world-class shot oh I do it I
guys last ball of the game let's see if
we can hit it
whoo I'm playing the winner I challenge
you
sorry I was first gaming it warm up warm
up I got to show you how to pray for
that shampoo I'll show you guys but
first um I was joking so I show you
oh my god knows I hope you thought I'm
supposed to take it from I just realize
it's free free two three two hi guys so
it's literally we have two bulls each
left my friends turn you can see I don't
know if you can see he stripes I'm
colored let's just see who wins
I hope I can just manage to get
something in I'm trying to go for
sneakers I can get the double shot
and then once get a double shot which
I'm here Ross so I see end again I think
I with my guys your boy one I had the
luckiest shot ever you can't even
imagine buy one so you know that's good
next up next opponent to defeat is Kyrie
you know your boys gonna come through oh
okay hi guys
on the black law school left let's see
why she went in I don't know how that
happened my friend did she looked me in
my eyes and hit the ball I do I'm not
looking at it that is the biggest fluke
and I was like worried about that that
was a for-loop fucking that it was it
was a five hundred percent I was just
too amazing
they're just obviously amazing break
that's that's the biggest cheese ever
that's that is the biggest lose single I
can't even lie I I got to be it that's
it I put my hands down we're done with
the pool thing guys I think all of us
won at least one game IRA crossing the
road idea I think we're heading to play
a little bit of football I didn't feel
the pool thing I just I was getting too
long pink so many games so we're gonna
go have a little kick about look for me
I have cars over there I keep forgetting
very part oh yeah I'll see once we get
to the football pitch
I'll figure everything I'll see it to me
I once say all right now to watch a show
I should I take it I show the my stuff
ready for coffee gone the co first year
by my boy jeans are taking a shot at me
go for it let's see if you can do y
menos wife is queries turn now graph
atop bins yep whoa they know graphic
corners scan on there alright guys we're
just taking shots and I've got it yeah
oh my bins Bravo wait wait let me show
you what else let me show you where that
with the lights have finally been turned
on I look completely reading like what
the hell's happened to my skin it's
green what I look like to hope the same
even editing or anything but let's see
that say oh wow that that was amazing oh
I'm gonna call it a night here guys I
just got home super tired need to go
take a shower
I'm exhausted but if you didn't enjoy
today's vlog hit the like button and
yeah I'll see you with tomorrow's loyola
Yolo good night guys
