good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I'm currently starting my vlog on
the way to Sainsbury's obviously I don't
have my cars you guys can see in
yesterday's vlog or the one before that
I'm not too sure but I'm coming here on
my skateboard just riding there and I
don't have much nothing to do and the
good thing is the Sainsbury's is like
four five minutes away from my house so
yeah I can come on my skateboard alright
so I'm what - guys I just got a little
list for my mum what to buy it's not
focusing thing you can see it's like
carrots chicken legs M&Ms and bananas
just pick myself my bananas up and now I
think I need to look for some carrots
and I'm not sure exactly where they are
oh this I found the carrots guys I think
my mom said get two or three so buy that
one looks like it's been dug in - all
right there we go well I got everything
now it's just time to put them in the
basket and finish up oh no it goes
they're almost here you can see not too
much not too much I can just put it all
in one bag and go home so I'm pretty
much home now let's see how my mum is
this they've gone with the packing today
we need to give a list of everything
that we're taking because we're taking
our things with airfreight it's like
they take you with an airplane over so
it's a really busy day today
alright well this is what my house looks
like at the moment guys all boxes and
boxes and boxes it's weighed out at 270
kilograms that's what my mum says
they've been doing because we have to
tell them how heavy it is well yeah
that's a lot of boxes for moving I
didn't expect us to take this most this
much things kinda speak English today
but yeah
um I guess we're taking most of things
from here everything is just going just
everything's going damn I even have a
dart board I don't think I should be
unpacking these let me just leave them
in their place
I'm going to go quickly edit today's
video or like - three days ago video
like my videos are two to three days
behind so what's going on now you guys
are going to see in two to three days
I'm not sure exactly how many
is I think it's three but that's just
how it's going at the moment some days
it might be two days some days it might
be four days it just depends how many
videos I record oh I wanted to show you
guys something really really awesome now
this is a mini camera now if I'm not
mistaken when I bought it it was like
the smallest in the world I'm quickly
gonna open it up for you guys you won't
believe me and it's actually got decent
quality now I don't know why it's not
focusing on it but that's a camera
sorry for the mess on my table you guys
know we're moving everything's a mess
but let me quickly unboxes and show you
what it is all right so this is a camera
I'm not lying to you and I'm saying this
is the camera alright guys so this tiny
thing in my hand yep you can see how
small it is compared to my face this is
actually a camera now the pictures are 2
megapixels I'm not sure how the videos
are I've actually got a couple on my
computer from ages ago which I've taken
but they're super old embarrassing I'm
not going to show them they're me with
my old haircut a lot of you know I had
like a little Justin Bieber thing going
on but this is tiny I'm just quickly
going to show you a close-up of it so
you can see how small is look at it guys
this is what it's in my hand you can see
it's a tiny little thing super small I
don't even know how this camera look let
me show you something even cooler this
thing this is actually a button you can
click down and I don't know if you can
hear that you definitely must be able to
hear that that is the button it works
with I'm not sure how it exactly works
now I need to go through the manual I
used it before but that's pretty awesome
tumble you guys think imagine me
vlogging myself like this like this
holding the camera people will look at
me like I'm crazy because it doesn't
even have a screen obviously cuz it's so
small but there is the new vlogging
camera guys oh super tiny that's all I
wanted to share for now guys I found
this in my little things I was going
through super awesome thing I know what
you guys think should I have a vlog with
it the quality is not good I'm going to
tell you that it's it's good for the
size but obviously it's not as good as
the camera I'm using now
but yeah pretty awesome right I'm
currently I'm everyone I wanted to show
you something so when I mum washes my
shoes she normally puts them either on
the inside or outside to dry so I'm
leaning out here so you can see one of
them is here but where's the other one
that's what I was wondering today when I
came in I was like where's my second
shoe but if you look all the way down
there it's dropped down yep she dropped
my shoe all the way down there I don't
think it was I think it just flew down
wow that's pretty funny
alright I'm quickly grabbing my shoe
there we go nice and clean I think the
wash made it dirtier because of the fact
that it dropped down then it looks a bit
bent today my sister is super super busy
as you can see she's doing all of the
paperwork for the stuff that you see in
my room all the boxes and yeah that's
what she's doing so because they bye to
the vlog for now she's not going to be
in today's vlog that much she's really
really busy just wanted to keep you
up-to-date on what she's doing but going
in look at this place
boxes and boxes and boxes that need to
dome but my friend is coming round right
now let me just lick the screen I think
we're going Nando's with him in a bit
but he's just gonna come here and chew I
don't know where my phone is in my
pocket alright guys my friends finally
got here here's James hello yeah and
then here's Carrie hello we're about to
play some rocket League and after that
once we head over to Nando's I'll
continue the vlog but for now it's time
for me and my bro to just whip off
online I know that sounded odd but we're
just gonna play some with this game get
my boys on the way to the end
boy changes driving I'm missing the
passenger seat I'm gonna pop music now
but just wanted to chill from now so see
you guys once we get there can't we do
all right guys so we finally got to town
my friend is over there obviously carry
over here he left his phone in this car
such a dope but we're gonna go Nando's
which way left all right well let's go
right night let's go through that alley
wait have you guys been there yeah the
Harry Potter alleyway if you guys watch
my other video you know we got to
Nando's guys Shh all right so we're
finding out not those guys obviously
with the boys you can see over there but
just wait my food my friend Carrie what
he's like 10 minutes before me and James
and we're just waiting for our food
let's hold as I'm learning our food
should be here soon you got the same
thing maybe after I take you so large is
that quality that needs to focus
so yeah my Nando's got here my Nando's
chicken I mean obviously your boy loves
ketchup you can tell by their brands
foods also got here you know my friend
actually reminded me to start vlogging
this so shout to
all right so we're done all right let me
let me restart that wait where are you
find left right I hit so we're done at
Nando's now guys we're just heading off
to home my friend need to get a bit of
McDonald's and then we're heading home
after that obviously so let's just
quickly grab his takeaway and go hey all
right so we're done now my friend goes
take with you and you like my swag is on
point it's not it's not even raining and
I've got my food yacht yeah my friend Oh
anyways let me grab this my friend he
needed to go to the toilet and there was
a girl before him and as soon as the
girl got out he was inside so bad like
why we're on our way home now hopefully
this car doesn't run me over crossing
the road when it's a green light no cars
though obviously don't do that home yeah
let's go and continue they ask me
another question ask me another question
hi so we're on our way home guys and
we're having weird art watch ask me
another question I'm on file
alright let me explain to the vlog
what's happening alright so on our way
home and we're having arguments we're
asking each other hairy pork questions
we don't normally have these
conversations so don't worry about that
it's a really weird thing that just came
about but we're off see each other
having pork questions do you guys know
what high fire is number one if you
don't then that's pretty weird but do
you know how far is mom and dad's name
work we found out now but we all got it
wrong on the me didn't find out no I
already knew
I already knew they've been none of them
did listen all right do you guys know
just last note if you do don't so job
just comment down what his mom and dad's
name are but on our way home now we're
just gonna keep up doing this quiz thing
and yeah you guys can join in if we do
offs any more questionable question now
come on Cara hi one question for you and
the vlog let's just see who gets it
right if you get it wrong I got it
are you and Carrie but what and you have
to know the answer for don't I'm not he
wanted also just ask question mama
anybody know has a dictionary
I've got a question I finally figured
out the question guys what is Baltimore
its real name Tom Riddle dammit
hi question coming in from Kyrie let's
see if we can answer this what serious
black system Bellatrix MS strange is it
you're a nerd thats it guys guys I find
it I'm done notice what I'm Kyle see you
next time safe
deuces man bye bye my friend forgot his
glasses I'm just gonna quickly go and
give them to him
here you go man jeez alright save life
alright guys so I'm home now my sister
is still working on this she hasn't
finished yet oh my god this is take you
so long to fill out all of the sending
type of things so that's why she hasn't
been in today's vlog but she's going to
be in the outro as always so if you
enjoyed this video smash the like button
we'll see you guys next time
yeah yellow bye bye guys
