good morning guys and welcome to another
video now I'm going to show you
something that you guys are going to be
surprised so initially when I made the
video moving to the bar I was like I'm
gonna pack a couple of things you wanna
see what it's turned out to be just a
couple of things yeah pretty much I
think everything's being packed now down
and my this place is a mess I'm just
gonna go show you a little house tour
now with the whole mess look at this
there's boxes everywhere mixed in the
door there's one more shop inside here
look at all of that but yeah I'm just
checking or I'm like my sister checking
more boxes here just the whole mess I'm
coming in I'm coming in you ready for
the vlog you ready for the vlog and now
my sister is checking my video look
she's got allergies by the way that's
why I look at shredding a mask
pretty much remember the moss we had in
the video called infected house she lost
that mask and now for the past few days
while she's been packing all of this
stuff she has to use this mask or any
other you made that oh wait is that
tissue yeah that's funny I was like
isn't it gonna like pull your hair hey
guys I don't know if you guys remember
like two or three vlogs ago I think two
blogs ago when I went to my friend's
house and did the exercises today it's
coming to full effect I literally can't
sit down can't bend I can't pick up
things it hurts so bad
and I mean so bad it's just killer my
friends I guess they did a good workout
they made me like you saw the video they
were pushing me I'm not a guy to work
out that much but today is pretty much
gonna be packing day kinda not sure
maybe I got my friends cooled em see
what they're up to but the main focus
because everything needs to get packed
cuz the house is a mess so this is how
my sister moves her boxes you're not
bringing you push the box yeah
yes I wanted to show the vlog how you
move your boxes what's wrong add the
boxes fall on you they can pretty much
see I'm not helping
oh hey calm down I don't know why yeah
all of it comes from my sister's room to
my room like look at this all of this
stuff comes over her room tomorrow it's
just like this is all the space I get to
do my computer stuff and everything like
that just so sad oh yeah this is gonna
be such a bad day it's gonna be so busy
and look guys even in the hard drive I
bought I still haven't used it because I
need to still back up all the stuff from
my main computer and then a couple of
things from my laptop and then we should
be good to go I wanted to show you guys
something which I've been meaning to
show you a few days now look at this
this is the movie the lost treasure now
I don't know if you guys remember I
think it's good the lost treasure now
obviously when you're packing and stuff
you find loads of things that obviously
you won't see normally because you're
looking through all your things but this
is the most awesome thing I'm gonna open
up for you guys and I don't know it only
if you guys probably know in the movie
it was a really good movie I think you
guys should watch it if you haven't let
me quickly open it up I let all the
strings it has everything so nicely done
just quickly unravel my bad the camera
angle was kind of weird there all it has
like a little weird string and I don't
know if this like the normal thing but
when you open it right let me turn the
camera for a second yeah here's when you
open it it says for the eyes of the
President only and it's some really
really cool like thing that came with
the movie if you watch the movie or
understand all of this stuff it was like
they were finding clues and there was a
book in the movie for the president only
yeah look at this and even came with
loads of photos like that is pretty
awesome I thing I don't know maybe it's
just me I'm being weird or maybe it's
just cuz I've watched a movie I'm sorry
if you haven't you probably wouldn't
understand it but I definitely think you
should watch the movie I don't even know
what
name is let me quickly take out a CD and
tell you what the name is if any of you
want to watch the movie it's good out
the national treasure that's it
movies called national treasure I'm
sorry for saying the lost treasure this
is our dining table now this thing you
see here my sister's is Benina food well
talk to the people man talk to them they
want to know what's going on so my
sister's been packing today let me just
tell you guys while she sleeps on I
think and you can tell the house is a
mess so this is our dining table today
this this little table that's packed out
with all the packing things there's a
little area there you see a plate yeah
she's tired today I've been working hard
yeah ok get back to work now
so me and my sister are going through a
lot of the stuff here my sister found a
couple off the birthday card she had
gotten me so here's the type of gifts my
sister gets me or cards to my brother
when I realized it was your birthday I
just had to get a diamond-encrusted
Rolex oh okay thank you so you can have
my old watch really this is the type of
trolli thing she does to me no top ten
reasons I'm glad I got you for a brother
you would have made a really ugly sister
it made it easier for mom and dad to
choose their favorite you were what's it
called a convenient prank victim no
actually I pranked you so ha
that one's wrong whenever I was feeling
down blah blah blah us two in have you
wait what having you around always made
me seem intelligent okay maybe that's
true
you were fun to tell tales on okay the
rest are boring but yeah those are the
type of things and this was only one
birthday she got me like four cards on
the same birthday just two here's a
here's another one
brother this birthday card will bring
tears to your eyes because I Fareed in
it lots of love sister really that
that's the type of birthday yes I get
guys just just to let you know I'm just
getting cards on cards all right guys
the me mama are quickly
I'll walk to the supermarkets to get
some milk and some M&Ms my sister I
don't know why she wanted out of him
first she was complaining there was no
sweets for her in the house but
obviously and I don't have a car we have
to walk I don't know I like it I'm
wearing my favorite outfit look at this
I really like when I have one hardener
and a different shoes and a hat I just I
know it's just me but the shops are just
over there it's not far it's like a two
minute walk for us and then we're
heading back home I'm so unfit and
because my body aches from exercise like
this walk is just so hard
first thing we got was the M&Ms my
sister so now I don't know what we're
looking for are we looking for right
we're looking for some small packet of
rice not really a packet but you know I
mean I feel like having one of them and
Emmas by don't wanna like take it
because I know my sister wanted exactly
three and to be honest I I'm having too
much chocolate lady so I need to cut
down anyways that's our shopping done
we're just making our way home I don't
know why they have different colored
bags weird blue and black but no no at
home gonna give my sister M&M so she can
stop complaining like the other day I
went and you guys swab what loads of
candy I bought Kinder KitKat Twix and
she didn't like any of them she was like
Owen M&M so that's why I went to the
shop and bought M&Ms yeah I need to
cross the road and there is let's see if
she likes Oh butyl rubber for the cars
they ask him
we're gonna go give her a evidence that
she gets happy all right we just got
home to your evidence I have to give
them to your camera show with your
trousers guys my sister's sad that we
only got her one pack
she's thought you only got one pack we
got you one big pack and two small ones
are you happy I carried it home I love
the way we have boxes in every room in
this house it's the kitchen there's box
are we packing the stove at home and
you're probably thinking what are you
wearing more and this is actually a
weighted vest now I'm gonna tell you a
fact about me that you'd actually
probably done if you know I used to do
MMA it's like a fighting thing I did it
for a couple of months and I bought this
vest because I was really into it back
then and whenever I wanted to train at
home do push-ups and stuff I wanted to
just have something that made me a bit
heavier so I trained harder also had
these you know the mic and if you can
see the leg band thing so I'd go jogging
with them and yeah that's a cool little
fact about me now I'm sorry I'm fit that
even when I wear it and walk I just run
out of breath like now but there yeah
that's what else fact about me I even
have the glove somewhere around here
there and make love us but it's so messy
I just can't find anything I literally
can't find anything all right
gosh I found my mouth guard and my
gloves you know your boy was an MMA
fighter
now you're really six Lundell but I
should be really into it now obviously
I'm so lazy they take out my mouth guard
and speak because it's super hard to
talk with them as you can tell but yeah
that's a nice fact about me I already
told you it like two minutes ago but I
just wanted to show you the gloves and
the mouthpiece to make it official so
yeah boom-boom douches
guys I'm just taking my thumbnail shot
and I know short y'all walk by look at
me really weird right okay boom anyways
guys I'm gonna end the vlog here I'm
just doing a load of clearing through
our stuff chucking away my ghost
hardened edition boxes oh my yu-gi-oh
pokemon cards yes I used to be a nerd
when I was little collected you years
and pokemons let me know if you guys did
you guys must up a lot of you must have
had Pokemon to you guys when you're
young yeah these are so old and I feel
bad throwing them away but I'm gonna end
the vlog here stop little but yeah I'm
gonna end the vlog here drop a like if
you enjoyed today's video also leave me
suggestions of challenges videos to do
challenges videos because I am moving to
Dubai and I will be planning on doing
loads of challenge videos once I have
free time over there and yeah again drop
a like by and share this video with your
friends if you enjoyed and I'll see you
guys tomorrow Yolo Yolo
deuces guys
