good morning guys Alok good morning guys
and welcome to another vlog as you can
tell by the title of this video today
I'm setting my first cars I had but it's
not all a bad thing I guess that means a
new car will be coming soon so leave in
the suggestions what car I should get
next but the saying goodbye to this guy
I'm quickly going to take a really nice
thumbnails right at the front of the car
something like that we're like holding
my eyes so you guys have a pretty cool
thumbnail for the video so yeah let's go
and sell this bad boy and continue with
the vlog that is such a weird thing you
could just stand here and go like that
like this I guess I just finished doing
my little photo shoot so funny I was
like no I really like my first car
obviously everyone loves their first car
but now time for it to go and yeah I'm
gonna go sell it now so let's go on this
journey a sad journey though guys this
is my boot open friend if you haven't
seen they're just looking at it before
obviously they buy it looks pretty cool
I guess
what do you think
buh-bye well guys I just sold my car I
guess this is how we're gonna go home
skateboarding all the way now I'm just
kidding but me my mom sister are quickly
well I'm not doing anything they're just
buying stuff from boots thing they're
getting my floss and stuff like that buy
quickly note I quickly need to go and
call my friends and tell them to come
and let's go out because I supposed to
meet them a bit earlier but I'm a bit
late so I'm gonna go do that so we're
making our way to B&Q right now
obviously with my favorite board oh I'm
gonna get run over if I keep blogging
and my mom sister are slowly making
their way behind me this is the good
part about having a skateboard but I
don't know if I can do this all when you
go over the bump arch is quite tough but
this ski board is awesome cuz this is
what I like about penny boards like they
go forever on just like one push I'm
getting a bit too far now let's continue
once we get to B&Q which is over there
somewhere if you can see it and no not
the Krispy Kreme finally made it to be
and you there you go just quickly
getting some sellotape and wrap no
bubble wrap I don't know what we're
getting but I love this place I remember
if you guys were like ogee people
watching my videos I mean I really all
told you and I had like a hundred
subscribers you would know I came here
to buy my rabbit stuff I know black
people are running around
yeah we're quickly going to go buy some
things while saying super dark in here
and we're gonna go head off after well
we're just here in bnq and it's the
treatment how we're my sister's lying
every single sellotape there is but my
friend is meeting us here which is
really sick because then I'll be with
him and yeah it's just so long I'm
standing here on my skateboard I'm not
sure if I'm allowed to ride it so I just
pick it up every time I hopefully we
should be done here soon I just see what
they're doing well you did wait is that
you're actually getting one of them my
bro James met me here and then my arms
just are fine finish through waiting
outside for like 10-15 minutes but now
we're about to go home and yet they I
think they're finished with that thing
today and see us nope they don't see us
they don't see us they haven't seen it
have you ever seen us yet for you you
guys were driving away from my other
sister me and my boy are making our way
home you know officially finally once
I'm not driving but bike home school
they only told him you sold it yeah I
told him this morning
sad times nights at times they are iike
a home but then we're gonna go play
football - cheer up today almost our
local top Josh Jonah Jonah Singh for the
camera good making my way downtown
walking for I'm actually gonna make a
music video sales pass and I'm home
bound I need you in an in a manner and I
miss you didn't in an inner and now I
won their high five sure taking a
picture look this cameras best sick whoa
yes an improved when I lost the last one
when when you showed the differences
that's I'm the real Muhammad he's a
fraud there's no even a rule is not even
there's no even a rule Arab look is a
fake beard
say hello to everyone who hi guys we're
currently in the park I'm super tired
crack three my friends are just getting
some drinks I'm just having my snacks
video you play football for like a
couple hours coming my bro Jonas I won't
download say you're covering fashion oh
you're not coming to my ear in missing a
vacancy it's beautiful face good well
yeah we got a couple more growth inside
actually yet though just don't cover
that microfiber cool and yeah I think
where we going off to decide to eat or
sign maybe yeah I'm cheeky nandos
actually own cheeky Nando's guys Chandos
Shan
I'm gonna get it all right
say peace out Mohammed do this
all right guys full squad is here jeez
man that that son makes me look darker
this side but yes we stay high there we
go side is I don't much brighter but
yeah full squad this year hi Josh we
have Luke Poli Jonas and then James away
in the front damn I look so dark but I
don't quietly oh that is so sad grandson
you for the first year the weather is so
sick today okay no one's touching that
water yeah making our way back to the
park now so I get and yeah we're gonna
play something I get on our way up or
you see it we're lucky
I just pretty much know where we begin
hi the reason they got me I think I told
my friends today darlin evening yeah you
see you'll die there to be sad sighs
don't jump on me I can't handle it my
legs and I oh yeah we're gonna go home
now Oh Millie ate yourself yeah I just
drop on the ground we're great Thunder I
like everything I will be back we'll be
back
yeah the return of this one will be
symptom plays go to the bonfire yeah
yeah obviously they're gonna come visit
me when I'm in Dubai London Boise
Lambeau originally oh my god one Lowe's
okay all right guys I'm gonna kick it
saver
I don't know if you can see safer's seal
it up boom hood squad I fish that so
that's the end of the day with my
friends I'm just gonna go home upload
the video and kick back now I just got
home and my sister is packing some of
her paintings
choji's ones yet by will do soon these
are special VIP one you don't get to see
that I'm sorry I've asked her to show
you but it's just it's real gotcha
but yeah this is pretty much what's
happening at home my sister's just doing
a bit of packing not too much obviously
just just the light piece is this light
and weight you have what you put in it
for just for all right I'm gonna go
quickly take a shower and I'll see the
vlog after that because I'm swaying I
don't show you guys I spent football but
you saw we're at the park so I need to
quickly go clean up I didn't get to go
Nando's with my friends cuz two of them
had to go somewhere so they just
creating dropped me off obviously don't
have my car now but today has been a
different day a lot of things have kind
of been revealed to you guys obviously
it was revealed in yesterday's long I
think right car remember when I told you
that we're leaving but yeah I'm having
Nando's anyways even though I'm not
having all my friends I had it yesterday
I think I showed you I'm having the rest
of it I got a full chicken and obviously
no one really is gonna eat a full
chicken so I'm happy over two days I
guess today was kind of a sad day I
guess my friends found out that
believing and obviously were good
friends like we've been friends for a
long time no side kind of a shock to
them them nearing and I also sold my car
my first car it's gone so you have to
play that answers a lot of questions
that you guys might be thinking or
asking and stuff like that well you know
the sad day today anyways guys I'm gonna
end the vlog here hopefully you enjoyed
today's little vlog thing I did I don't
know what you're putting in this box
Freddie you're bringing cloves as well
really want me to get rid of like 200
cloves
all right so I'm gonna end the vlog here
hopefully you enjoyed today's vlog what
happened
think a lot of things got cleared up for
you guys so tell me if you guys like
these kind of informative vlogs or not
that you did enjoyed the vlog also
something really also happened I met
some cool guy today and yeah she knew
about my youtube channel so that was
really really awesome but if you did
enjoy today why you just what are you
doing I can just see your hands yeah if
you did enjoy today's video drop a like
share the videos with your hand friends
that does help me out a lot
we'll see you guys tomorrow they can't
see the yellow yellow yellow yellow hose
you guys at orange mug deuces
