good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today I'm standing behind the
ladder and my sister is changing a lot
you know I'm not sure if it's on I know
this just nice good job so now I need to
go get the cover we didn't even use the
ladder we're just kind of dumb
but who cares there we go but the part
are you did what's up okay if you hold
this is so dirty this just like this
ladder what's the point
dang you just put it yes put it yes
great
so why don't you just let me do it good
nice okay it's currently like 2 o'clock
and I need to go to the games again
today I think he'll be a bit late I'm
going to show what the timings are for
it so I'll just have to see look at
bubbles what the hell is he doing
how do you feel about was on your back I
don't know I was what the hell are you
doing he doesn't want us to leave
that's why like stay stay oh boo boo boo
I know ok so I'm making a late let up I
don't even know I'm saying anymore
I am leaving pretty much late not
working up let me think about my
sentence alright it's kind of late I'm
gonna start heading out to the games now
it's like 7 o'clock I know it's super
late yesterday what a tenant
and today I'm going at 7 at 19 kinda
evening but it's because I think the
main events start around now so I'm just
going to start making my way there now
see what's up ok so I got here and you
can see the scenery is so different I'm
going to turn the camera there's lights
going everywhere even the buildings
behind me do look for some of the night
will it go over here you have the whole
gaming dobe lit dope don't be lit up and
as I like going to the sky thing where
the main arena is so let's go check it
out
I should have stayed yesterday but it's
ok we can see it today we didn't miss
out on anything here it is guys look at
that
that looks amazing everyone drama music
let's go
all right I left the inside area that
was crazy I definitely suggest if you
come a bit later because that's when
everything starts going down I am
heading my way to the tournament pool to
see what's up over there so let's go
okay so this is the entrance I'm
guessing and yeah that's right a
tournament is happening okay so this is
also not yet baby just wear it with a
pro tour de matar not make magic I think
you can see she liked to play us like
right now and I think there's a dream of
those videos I check
the game is counter-strike many plateful
happening right there
one to our final
so basically what happens now I could
take a picture here
there are stacks and they'll bring this
picture I was
here I give it back
that's going to it this will print out
that
yeah that's right I picture shipping
printing out line now I'll show you once
I get it okay so I don't
turn 30
down the girl there was
the big run
I can't stop everything
come outside together care what type of
counter-strike to be honest I think
people half my time zone orange juice
you're sure winning but the problem is
I'm gonna stay here for a while cool
down the weather's amazing and then
probably head back inside to just see
more things but okay there's a close-up
for you guys off the players at Lane
let's zoom in a bit more peeing on cough
okay I'm inside and everyone like here
each other so
hi-yah
more so popular
I think the inside show is over it
closed like right now so we're going
back to the ESL tournament I'm gonna
chill here for a while today's event has
been turned up light it's been sick
obviously I've been chilling with Hamid
he's an awesome guy and yeah we were
playing all the games it's like black
ops 3 was one of my favorite games well
I've not played it but it was my fever
yeah we played FIFA as well so it's been
a really cool day actually fathers young
really okay fathers young today we're
gonna go inside so we'll see you in
there because all right so as I was
saying I'm about to leave the event now
and go me up my mom and sister they told
me that we're going somewhere now like
just come pick me up on the way as well
the inside event finished and now
there's just couple games going on for
the tournament outside I watched a
couple of them but I just headed out now
but yeah it was an amazing day today was
so turned out like everywhere was so
cool and stuff I met a lot you guys also
became friends with some really nice guy
hammered you saw him in the blogs but
yeah it was pretty cool today really
good actually
and let's just go see what my mom and
sister are doing so we can just catch up
with them I don't know why I'm video he
again at the nighttime view I know I've
said it but look at that that's crazy
right look at the view
so I finally melt with my mom and sister
they just came to pick me up from the
games
so hot now I was literally running
around trying to find them but there's
much sister Park there and that's one
lush I promise that's the last off the
amazing I've showed you guys so many
times I know you're probably giving up
with me so let's go home and yeah
continue today what's up
I'll miss so much of the u.s. what
they're now asking you might use well
alright let's go next oh so hot alright
so I'm on the sister are going to some
restaurant I think I'll just join them
I'm probably not gonna eat because I'm
kind of fooled but yeah we got some sick
music playing from the cars in front I
don't know can you guys hear
okay so we're here in jbr there's two
nice cars there's I think a brown
murci√©lago and a rolls-royce I've just
given up we're taking pictures next to
cars now I'm not even lying with them
walking for like five hours and they
still haven't picked somewhere to eat
but to be honest I like this jbr walk
it's a pretty nice walk
it's like the weather is great today as
I said this before but they're still
looking like how long does it take women
to choose a place to eat
that's all they want to do are you pick
somewhere yet alright okay so apparently
in the Cheesecake Factory look how nice
it is the ceiling looks amazing yeah
we're just going to eat here they have
wings that I'm happy with that that's
what I'm going to eat and then my sister
seafood as always we're here on my own
finding our table let's go and sit and
eat okay look at this you guys
that is crazy okay so my sister is using
her phone as a flashlight not that wow
you know the lighting when this kind way
no flip the screen for you so you can
see yourself look up they got nicely you
can see everything
I'm taking Jumbo's histogram
the Rapids
perfect alright what just happened is so
funny
wonder if taking photos of my sister I'm
not sure if you can see she's wearing a
white top but on the photo it looks like
she's wearing nothing so we can prove it
here it she's wearing a white top but on
the photo and looks just like it's skin
that's it
drinks got here
your boy width of cherries and on top a
chocolate milkshake my mom God and I'm
so
yeah it's a chocolate
amazing isn't it
Paige the test of my sister shape
yeah fact all the time
like a busy dude it's like whoa it's
like a freezing chocolate
try
just try sit is a nice site not tell as
a drink
nice that's trumpet
that's why I tried it because I tried it
when I was in London at Five Guys and it
tasted the same like really nice
ya know the means is supposed to be
desert it's not such good it's not a
drink it's a desert moon mostly out
there my wings got here you know that
smell of like spiciness that's what hit
me I'm going to you just there thinking
you know girl things just taking
pictures of the food I really bar
wow that was a big flash it's a shame we
didn't have any more room in our
stomachs because this place is known for
its cheesecakes which you can see over
there but as I said we were super full
and I just couldn't have anything else
and so like my sister mom felt the same
way so I was kind of unfortunate my
showed you the cakes they're delicious
right let's see I think my mom is to
start looking at them you know what this
place would be great for like the whole
areas like this kind of walk thing if
you're not amazing for like IO Hook like
drifting or skateboarding you know stuff
like that then we're about to take some
photos again my family's all about them
phones our photo Instagram game is
strong out here the power of a selfie
all right so you remember last time I
came there is an event door this time
there's an ostrich but I have to quickly
go cuz all my sister are waiting for me
so they go okay guys it's my birthday
it's not your birthday no are you okay
what she meant to say is if you guys do
remember we did a mini Q&A ages ago when
I told you she was a Virgo and I think
we might have said the date of her
birthday not too short ran by the way
yeah that's a tramp awesome writers
they want you
yeah we did tell you imagine we have
some yellow squads in there oh my god a
shot to the yo-yo squad by the way I met
like no no no y-you know I made that
name and I can't keep it in my brain
shot to the US well I saw like 10 of you
today if you did take vote with me make
sure to tag me cuz I like to just print
screen' to pose it's just like memories
for me boy you just go crowd laughs I
just saw I like hearing her hand is
shaking yeah oh yeah
push out to you guys I really do
appreciate it tag me though I really
like to have the for myself as memories
as well but we're on our way home come
yeah she could accomplish it you should
good but she doesn't she doesn't like
gaming adventures are no more didn't
invite me there so I'm not going I'm not
I'm moving on I'm moving oh yeah it's a
birthday coming up this month we won't
tell you what day I'm not sure if I have
said it so if I had if I did say it's
kind of a flop but guess what a birthday
is if you know and we're going to leave
this man winner gets I don't know
nothing did they just get to know
whether oh you've got the most unique
vlog angle it's like a bent this way
like you drive don't kill us you at home
peeps yo your swag is gone and the but
anyways guys it's late at night I'm
gonna wrap up the blog here today's been
a hectic day tomorrow's the last day of
the game so I'm gonna head out there I'm
not sure I'm gonna blog maybe I won't go
too much of the games also I need to
still do some shopping for The Cooking
Channel there will be videos on that
yeah I know it's been like a week and
there's been no video but I promise want
very shortly be yeah I'm going to go to
Steve thanks a lot your squad for coming
and saying hi to me and the event I do
appreciate when you guys coming to say
hi what's up whatever I like your
channel and yeah I really do enjoy that
but yet if you aren't the event tomorrow
picu but we'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo goodbye guys
