good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so it's in the morning on my mom
and we're just about to leave today is
go time I'm going to the game 15 I'm
gonna drop me off and then she's gonna
go do some shopping for The Cooking
Channel and stuff like that so it's
gonna be an exciting date my first time
I gaming event like this so Lego oh why
you been lyin why you lying why you lie
okay I'm finally here you can see it
says games 15 behind me but look at all
the buildings behind me the area is
marina Devine marina me my mom just got
here look at the scenery it's actually
quite busy there's actually a couple
people in the morning which I didn't
expect
I'm not sure I'm going I'm just trying
to find something so yeah let's go okay
so I finally got here this section is
where you buy tickets but since I am the
part of the press I think there's a
media pass through there so let's go get
my ticket and go inside I got my pass
you can see it says media your boys a
news presenter out here my mom so she's
is waiting for me but yeah I also got
this little white wristband and I need
to wear it all day for like the three
days if I want to keep going back so
yeah got it
we're finally going in
think it starts in about 15 minutes I'm
just going to have to wait and then the
tour begins so let's go alright so
you're going to be saying goodbye to my
mum she's leaving and I'll see you guys
because I have to go now so let's go and
enjoy this event so inside now you can
see everything is set up I think I need
to follow this crowd because that's what
they told me to do but yeah everything
looks super cool Wow my first event ever
so the first stop is PlayStation I think
we're going to watch something here they
told us to watch so let's just wait see
what it has to show
yeah I'm a big gaming fan so I'm just
happy I'm here
you
sharing a speech are about to be done
they
so we just finished our pesto I think
they have like a shirt for a name art
they actually want these mourn so let's
just go take a picture of that there you
go and yeah it's actually signed as well
let's see if you can actually see it a
last thing we're moving on to the next
and then let's just see what this one is
cone army I know it's that for sure but
I'm not sure what game is alright this
is what I'm talking I think I'm just
been looking they're back here over here
there's like a little article for you I
can take the
and he thank you
all right when I just got to see some
exclusive trainers for some games love
back my favorite section you know that
game place you got here I'm a Boston
where they've only like little too big
I think I need to follow them to go to
the next and and I see these pull past
things I might have to my one is neither
freely awesome so tell me which one I
should get actually are I might snapchat
on snapchat asking you guys I should get
so make sure to follow me on snapchat
you haven't already linked on the
description I've kind of ditched the
crowd and I'm just hearing the shot
sticking around the cool little action
figures they have they've got like a
whole collection lying and seeing that
one and there's many many more so I
think I think I might definitely need to
buy something one maybe like that sure
or something about burning over us all
right so we're heading over to the ESL
tournament hole I think this is where
all the big pro gamers are going to be
playing at so let's go see how is it's
super sunny today weather is nice and
there's actually like loads of Yahtzee I
think I'm not sure what it is I think
it's like a bay area so this is what I
meant about the bay area ever passing
but I think the ESL tournament is that
way you can see like everyone's got all
their fancy camera equipment and I'm
like here a much more beloved camera but
it's all fine I'm happy
it just looks kind of funny my
understanding here with a little camera
everyone's got like these huge media
cameras and there's people taking notes
like I think online blogs are pretty
cool events let's just go see what
happens now all right so I'll give you a
quick explanation I've always said I
don't know why I'm sitting right restart
restart behind these things I don't know
you cool down containers you go through
there but that's where like the
tournament call is it opens from 6 o
clock
obviously it's no open now because it's
in the morning then over here I'll show
you this section is where some picnic
type of things are supposed to happen
not too sure but I think they haven't
said it up yet but we have like a cool
little Pacman you know monster thing
over here let's just walk over I'm just
ditching the whole media crew yeah we
have like a little pac-man type of thing
you know that could that could be the
thumbnail wad on back inside and I can't
even lie I just found an awesome
you guys remember watch a plank I used
to play this so much when I was a kid
Wow I'm just going to stop here they
just for a while yeah there's a new one
cartoon collection
I literally just press the button and
this
decided maybe his hand around
an automation stop
I think they're trying to make him stop
and it was Hubert
you can see him in action now he's even
got a face every turn around so I try I
try and turn them off let's try and
press the button there you go
I stopped it let's see can you press
anything else all right let's just go
back to running him
I
my
okay everyone told me on snapchat to get
the joke from our so that's why I'm it
again I think you want by a lot I just
saw three three three sunset two but
three one by far so I'm just going to
get it now and let's grab it I just want
to show you these cool little Pringle
things they have over here all right
thanks a lot
let's take on
hey if I say thank you
I'm just seeing in this area and I'm
just paying people I'll play with some
of my yachts and go to see if the
tournament is open or something so I
might just go around and try and find
myself some other opponents
but they're having our free Panther
which is always nice to the Soul
these are poking around a lot oh yeah
I'm going to see where the tournament is
and yeah let's go
yes I got myself to joke remov very door
I'm gonna wear it later on it's just
super cool
I think if I gonna be surprised
really interesting I think there's a
bigger dance group now okay so I think I
was a mistaken I think it was open all
this time it's just it doesn't start
until two I think four CS which is a
counter-strike and seven four I think a
game of League of Legends but yeah look
how fancy is this place actually looks
pretty cool and I think that's where all
like the pro players are going to be
playing so I'm not too sure and the good
part is I've got this media pasta the
guys taught me to see if I'm allowed to
go and I was like yeah I'll just fight
the media you know oh yeah that's just
quickly going okay I think am I going
round the back I'm not too sure actually
went in backstage guys accidentally I
just walked my way in and that's all
like a bunch of pro players that my
everyone was just sitting there and I
just felt like really odd I don't think
I supposed to be that I just walked in
but this is where I think that man is
going to happen I'm not too sure exactly
where the seating area is going to be bi
think I just need to wait until it's
time for them to actually open up so
I'll be back at like 2 o'clock maybe
yeah
I'm going to go back inside now and play
a bit more games and try out the new
releases
we are giving away a car I see how to
enter it - also in a Dodge Charger and a
chickadee this is the car
and we're going to see
very good smile when I grab my
one of these things
unfortunately mobile amusing doesn't
update at the moment and the other one
that does not they are just both
download Instagram I wanted to take a
picture they like print it out for you
right there and then if you use the
hashtag but I couldn't happen I just got
myself one of these instead
okay so a tournament is going on it's
like a FIFA tournament I'm entering so
if you win the best out of three then
you qualify for some regional thing I
could win the car that's actually how
you win the car so I'm entering you know
who knows maybe I can win I'm actually
I'm quite good at beef but all right so
I just made my three matches for that
car I won two the first game I lost and
then I came back to one which was gonna
say like first game my goalie was sent
off within like five minutes and it was
crazy by won the game you put your email
and now
nothing I think the residents Lord of
nowhere
more than 500 us
like nasus your
and I was like
easier
inside this decoration you can see
everything is fluffed out you got like a
dead guy and you know how we can make
that bear there you go
just imagine that and yet want to see
top bird out lock I'm going to leave
this place now thank you
the door without slamming it
I think
a free Muslim I just haven't rode
that's the last thing I'm going to do
I'm just going to head off her property
now
they were trying to get like a selfie
with them
I'm calling a day here now I'm just
going to head off home and see the
amazing views got my Joker mask I will
be back two more I'm not sure exactly
what time you should probably comment I
sure no I don't think this video will be
out by tomorrow actually actually no it
will be a little bit so just comment
what times you guys are going to be
there are all still snapchat so make
sure to follow me on snapchat if you are
heading to the games and you want to
know like what I'm doing and yeah see
you guys once I get home because I think
I did a lot today it was pretty fun
alright that was pretty cool as I was
leaving I saw one of you guys as well
that's pretty awesome I just need to see
where I can get a taxi now I'm not sure
if there is any round here okay worst
comes to worst I just want like a minute
to the main road and he told my hand out
for a taxi sauce
all right so we're finally home now
today was an eventful day my first-ever
gaming event pretty cool I guess I think
I'm going back to war to see what it is
I'm entered for a competition for a car
that's like the second competition like
I wasn't the type of person to ever even
like put my son died even if I had a
ticket out never even bother putting it
in and now the other day I did at the
restaurant I put my tick ticket for a
raffle and today I want to play fifa won
the game put my email so who knows
imagine if I win two cars hey it's funny
because I don't even need it but it'd
just be really cool I will be the
luckiest thing ever but who knows those
chances are very slim but I can win that
beef I'm a good player so why not and we
are finally here after that very very
short walk you know we still haven't
taken this to a wash but to be honest it
doesn't even look that dirty anymore I
think maybe it's because we put water on
it let's see who is home please open the
door hello
I wanted to show you so basically you
know this event I went to today is a
gaming event and remember when I said I
sneaked in backstage but they told me I
couldn't be there so I didn't left the
event that's going on I actually saw
these teams now it's live on Twitch
which is like a thing where gamers
stream on and there's a hundred and
fifteen thousand people watching the pro
league Dubai I saw these people in flash
I was like am I supposed to be here the
lady was like what media are you with
and I didn't know really naughty Trudy I
went in I had no idea but she was very
nice about you but I'm not sure you
should go us but it's all right it's
okay but so these people in flash she
was super awesome I'm going to wrap up
the vlog today you just don't realize
how long it can get with there's so many
things to show so I'm just going to edit
this globe and try and put out by
tomorrow will so let me know why I
missed it
then so by the time this video is out
it's going to be tomorrow by still we'll
have one more data event so right
everything I should do on the last day
and I'll try and do as much as it and
show you guys but yet there's a crazy
day today
thanks for the games for inviting me
super awesome and yeah Sita has tomorrow
you your squad younger yellow we're
saying goodbye this early for why
