good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I'm currently in a rush I'm gonna
go play football my friends and got my
hypervenom boots out if you guys know
what that is you know these ones I'm
gonna play some serious foot while I'm
taking my camera gear hopefully you can
see it my bag got my tripod and my
camera in there just quickly need to
grab some water and go hopefully I can
record over there I'll just see how the
situation is and if it's not too
embarrassing but yeah let's go and see
how the day turns out today I'm not even
gonna lie I thought this trip was going
to be much easier with the skateboard
but the road is pretty bumpy you can see
it's got like bicycle lane over there
but it's not that easy because you just
keep on getting into like you see that
part where it cuts off in front so I'm
just gonna walk a lot off here and keep
on doing this at the same time I'm
meeting up my friend he's gone to the
sports shop quickly and after that we're
gonna head off the paper book alright I
found a bit of straightness in this road
so I can finally found my skateboard and
we're almost about here anyways this is
mangos or the retail park that sells the
sports stuff I guess there we go we got
here so I'm finding here I'm out with my
friends Chris and Kenneth you know how
divas in cigar down below for the ladies
you know who I see painted but yeah
we're about to make always the football
cages over there comedy show to property
but once we're there hopefully I can
record if I can't then I'm sorry just
forgive me for that so I'm about to set
up my camera hood for jacking gay couple
good shots for you guys playing football
start
around God data from your brain
hello god
Oh
hi guys look at this I got injured in
that tackle you guys so over there I'll
put a repeat up on the screen so you
guys can see that's why I'm not playing
all right guys my boy Kyrie got here as
well I'm not sure if he's playing but
firstly my injury you want to see the
reason I have been playing good on
camera
ah nice official all right I can look at
a guy's big I don't think there's gonna
be many clips guys because I just
haven't been playing well obviously
injured you know that's the main reason
is this is the type of arguments I
teamed up with the time I ain't bringing
my stuff yeah I just came straight from
work
alright guys normal football clips I've
been dying I'm going injury you know
just fight do anymore so I'm going to
continue to vlog once we head over to
Nando's or anywhere else so deuces well
I guess I'm making my way to Nando's
there's a group of guys follow me I'm
kind of scared
there was a great guy why eventually
it's all up with you let me see I don't
yeah you want to see me I joined a
joiner be on my video my friends
attempting to go my skateboard
I don't know how you're gonna get past
that anyways guys are making my way to
Nando's I think it's recording let me
check I obviously with the boys you know
and we're super hungry we played like
football for ages so good oh you did
it's just right just cute guy damn my
batteries
my battery's about to die guys I'm sorry
now after coffee my friends gonna go
down
hi good good luck you know look white
people it was quite a feat I go for it
it's easy
radical I don't bark Vincent dude what's
it on radical I do a guy there's no
point
I just mean this oh yeah this is where
home we are home I'm here the boys
just snort it I'm not smiling go get
your people yeah let me give me 50 pop
action dude right well I'm saying
yeah 50 pound two lights if you do want
how much money's you bring back 15 so
I'm making my way home and my friend yay
why me to remove it now I'm good man all
right I'm going home with my friend
obviously you can see in behind me I'm
not sure how dark is I'm using my
skateboard and my battery is just about
to die but don't worry I brought out my
other camera today that's why the
quality might have not been on point so
I'm sorry about that it's just if we got
hit with a ball I didn't want to break
the other one but yeah yeah we say I'm
good man I shout out to my friend yo I
leave his Instagram nice it's going to
be put in that's it I made the decision
we're gonna go home anyways guys I just
got home hopefully you can tell the
difference of the quality I'm using my
normal camera the reason I took my bad
camera today was cuz if you couldn't
tell already there was footballs flying
everywhere and it could have easily hit
my camera that's why I picked out the
one cuz I really don't care if that one
breaks but I'm home now quickly I just
uploaded my new video it's late I'm
sorry it's the one that was the scariest
car or if you guys would have known it's
late it was made by like two hours cuz
on the outlet like 8 o'clock UK seven
eight ish but this is like half past
nine so I apologize for that but quickly
and upload this and I'm not sure what
I'm gonna do after so we'll see guys
off-camera my sister just said she's
stressed
I think she needs a couple Instagram Oh
joking I don't know why I say that every
time is dress but see you guys later
Yolo Yolo deuces
