all right so I'm trying out my new
tripod type of thing today you can see
my sister's way behind me and I'm on my
knee custom-made extra hustling made
anyways skateboard today but think it
looks good what you guys think there you
go another shot for you guys but tell me
if you guys also like me using this
tripod thing I think it makes my hand a
bit more steady not too sure and there's
my skateboard rolling away just rolling
rolling rolling can you actually use it
now this cuz you with your left foot yes
trust me with your right foot all right
neither before you break it we need to
do some stuff today so I don't want you
to get injured deuces I got my ticket
and we're here in town this new thing
looks really embarrassing I need to get
used to it like it's like a whole weird
setup are you guys ready to go all right
let's go
guys look at these yeah you to me please
imagine buying one of them it creep yet
yeah majesty I want the eyes glowing
green no shit all right well it's
slightly raining guys we just quickly
have to go and grab some vitamin tablets
you know the ones I was having the other
day it is really nice I really like them
and the only store that sells that was
some store I don't know the name of it
my sister just went there we're now
heading off to go home I don't know what
I'm gonna do today I just feel like
nothing's going on I'll see we will do
something all right guys time to finally
go home no one else is partners to me
that's weird
oh you need to press unlock good Gator
that's a good shout
alright guys so we're on our way home
and I decided to put the camera here so
I just blog pretty much the reason is I
know we're not gonna do a lot today so
I'm just filling in the log here so what
did we do today I woke up I shaved my
beard I look like I'm on it feeling
really like P Diddy yeah I joke I look
like Mario I didn't even get to cut I
think I'm not sure if I showed you guys
don't you Jan oh yeah you can continue
along but that's nothing is actually
really useful like the selfie stick oh
man
oh man look at oh man oh man oh man not
again oh okay oh wow oh yeah she came no
that's a good Lena always stick on to
the left leg because what happened is
every careful people on the right man be
careful people in the right yeah they
trying to call me I'm just gonna hit
them and children
not that bad we got in we going I
remember remember that car crash scene
we did it was actually right here like a
driver right there there's possibility
to put like noise on it but you can
continue talking to the peoples as
because they love you more than me
apparently in the conversation ever but
ah we want to see your sister vlog there
you go you can take the camera and vlog
because that's that they like me I saw
one comment with like four likes on it
that's for people before you thank you
thank you guys to me just to be nice let
people go in front
no Baris broke okay okay so how do you
blog darkness yeah yeah I really like to
know like how did you think of things
just on the spot to talk about like this
say what's your mind you know if I can
tell you that my mind is pretty much
blank right now
Wow not blank I mean I think about stuff
but I don't think that stuff that you
want to know like like it's just boring
sky or whales be thick like and the blog
you need to start coaching me like
imagine they say that wait I'm Logan
you know you know what type of our great
friend you need to make them vlogs where
because you're a slow talker you need to
cut out the pit light you need to cut
the parts in between which you don't say
anything so it'll look like you're
speaking boss
whereas we just like hi Hey they say
sentence I'm dry
don't cook you anymore we're nearly home
now and I do not know did you announce
it did you announce the news or okay he
didn't there's there's some big news
coming up guys yeah the big decision the
driver is waving at us to say he's sorry
for blocking our path because he's stuck
in traffic
oh man that song is stuck in my head the
Drake song see I tell you I think about
you sterling criticize me and say it's
boring okay bye guys I was actually
purposely silent and your son my guys
that's my brother Esau delicious flavor
gourd my new beast of a toy I'm scared
of going to see you later
oh not again what the hell you didn't
move all right let's get inside
what's wrong why are you shouting
I don't understand why you're showing no
no don't stop I will put this on youtube
you keep on trying to this is child
abuse if you reduce your abuse are you
gonna stop that attack Donna doc darling
you're gonna break kid no she she she
yeah all right just a drastic garden she
suggested I finished my vlog today in
the garden yeah I'm gonna put it so they
can see how pie okay okay all right as
soon as you put that down up at this
done now put on the floor gimme okay put
it down okay okay a letter all right
guys I want to talk to you guys about
something that I've been getting asked
about a lot recently and I wanted to see
if you guys were interested in it as
well so a lot of times I'm getting
questions on facebook snapchat and other
social media platforms for me giving
people shoutouts I just wanted to know
if you guys were interested in that
Israel but for now I am going to give a
shout out to one person because this guy
just killed it he made me a phone cover
type of thing there we go focus look at
that that is completely amazing his name
is the crow guy I just had to give this
guy shoutout
he also makes YouTube videos and I went
and check them out and they were pretty
awesome so let me know if you guys want
me to do stuff like this in the future
just giving shoutouts to random people
that I just think create awesome content
now his links will be in the description
I'm also going to set a really high bar
because I want to know that you guys
really want this Sophia a thousand likes
on this video I would do shoutouts
regularly maybe once a week maybe make a
separate video for it giving two or
three people shout outs and a video
go but yeah let me know if you guys want
it smash the like button if you get a
thousand and I would just tell me that
you guys want this to happen but if you
did enjoy today's vlog which I hope you
did drop a like button anyways I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's video y'all a
your no deuces guys
