good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it's currently in the morning I
need to charge my shaver so I thought
I'd show you the whole system it has all
right so about charge my shaver I think
you put it in this way and then you
press I'm not sure start or it's one of
these buttons hopefully it should do
something there we go that is pretty
loud anyways I'm going to let my shaver
do its thing I don't know if you can
still hear it it's quite loud it's going
to take like an hour to fully clean it
I'm just going to store our a couple of
things today I need to go buy myself
another hard drive I'm filling up my
other one and I need to store everything
else on my other computer I have so yeah
let's go and buy myself one extra hard
drive well that's great guys I parked my
car under the tree and it looks like
there's explosive diarrhea on the car uh
what the hell it's been shat on my every
possible I think that's a fruit that's
just bird uh one night well that is
the best way to start your car with
explosive diarrhea it's like one day I
park on the distri well that's great
anyway just go
my sister's just standing in my
skateboard like she's a boss but she's
not I guess good car he's a world
I'm sorry for the wind it's just really
windy today just need to quickly go get
myself a harddrive there was something
else actually needed I just can't
remember it was like something actually
looked up on online oh yeah it was a
Gorillapod I can get a Gorillapod as
well yeah that's it guys so I'm gonna go
search around and see why I need for my
youtube setup look at these cool doors
oh I love electronics doors guys it's
just the best place to be right got all
the TVs and laptops and computers look
okay I think my mom's just have found
something what did you find what did you
find
it's Jack Cooper okay all right I think
I actually I have a like a helmet mount
but I've just never used it I was gonna
use it once but the place I went the
helmets were proper so quickly actually
there we go hard drives
okay let me just search of the one I
need so this is the thing I'm picking up
for the hard drive but I'm coming across
these guerrilla pods on this one says
hashtag blogger and I think this is a
perfect match for me I'll get you just
on the floor because all of these on the
floor I'm also just looking at me I
don't know what the differences are
which one is better so that's why I'm
gonna stuck here looking this one looks
pretty good as well though it's on this
big huh I don't know but I'll use all
four cameras yeah that one's definitely
for a camera I don't know what that
noise is about kind of confused I'm just
going to look around I'll tell you why
get but Young's gonna look around for
now alright guys so I got the things I
needed I got like the biggest gorilla
but there was I was thinking about it
and then I was like sometimes it might
need to like wrap it around the pole or
something like that and I could you put
my stuff there and where is my keys
adjourn oh yeah alright so time to go
let's quickly grab this stuff my car and
sit inside the car so yeah hopefully
you're gonna see nicer like running
clips and I can do proper skateboarding
clip from now on gonna go are we gonna
go home for now or you know you don't
make Fleury
where's McFly can you tell me where my
flurry is so you want to make Larry from
McDonald's alright so Gavin
well guys basic no all right so I've
come to this carwash place enter the
code I think I need to go inside all
right be right back I think I need to go
inside the paper I've never come here so
I don't know how car washes work over
here it's like one of them things that
you go inside like let me quickly show
you there you go here car goes inside
and has a car wash but obviously me
being a beginner at this didn't know so
I'm quickly going to go inside and see
what's up so I got myself a ticket with
the code on it and yeah let's see how
this thing is I'm going to record from
inside obviously never done this before
so it's kind of weird I was like I was
like being really dumb but because I've
never actually been through honesty so
one side let me just quickly give the
get look at all of this mess though all
that work all right take the camera and
then I'm just going to go type in the
code there you go
then I type in the code and then I go
through
so guys you can see my vlogs about to
get his car washed typing in some code
into the machine apparently need to do
that before you enter
he looked lost
please
I
on each cookie reversed does he know
what's behind me
oh boy make sure all the windows are up
in the back as well in the back no gaps
I have no idea if I'm gonna fit through
this yes you are
I see two things I look for though you
slowly slowly it says go slowly forward
and when it says stop you stop
oh there we go
I think I'd switch on my engine okay
okay so we're inside control the winds
are close guys yeah make sure everything
is Cologne okay it's raining man I don't
know how well you guys can see that
Google is your one care of your thing
your Maris um let me
I know my thing is actually ting it's
turned off my car
Thank You army - I think it's fine yeah
there you go
ah this is so weird
no Josh very scary music I can't wait
until the other fluffy things start
turning on
is there any cost like it what you suck
you got this I'll do my windows okay
very good
that's good car back off so I got my
windows out nur okay they're coming back
yeah I'm really scared they're coming
back road business there's one of my
shadows off oh this is carwash
experience 101 straight from inside have
you ever been in love yeah it's my first
time too what happens if an eye starts
clamping on you Oh what the hell is that
what is this thing bag girl
Oh whoo that is I was actually getting
scared I thought I was just gonna keep
going oh my god but I feel like it's
gonna come with us
this is like the scariest car oh there
we go
Oh boys are there we go oh there's a big
mouth Pole what the hell what the hell
we're gonna get seam same same same this
oh my god
bish now we're gonna be sandwich oh my
god it's right in our face it's right I
do I know
oh my job
oh can you see it it's like on every
side
yeah
what is going on
well well now it's acting pretty cool I
guess it's the experience for the first
time behind us it's like there's a
monster coming for us at the back I am
so far
I wish the windows were down or a/c was
on maybe look at the camera it's like
bezel
I told you see definitely come back
what's it doing
Wow
a bit too close yeah I'm it has to get
this close is great fun are you imagine
all right guys that thing has gone up
I'm not sure if it's time to leave
yes is there we go that's the end of our
day and time to go home they get on the
camera you can record suck still working
just be careful in jail I know this I'm
not gonna bring my wares out until I got
yes so let's go straight up straight to
it oh no it's a pipe
all right I told actually super tight
you good okay we got ourselves out and
late then just bring my moves out
anyways guys it's time to go home and
okay no it's not time to go home it's
time to get me unless me about about
today the battery is literally about to
die so we decided we're just going to
stay inside and have our McFlurry in
there I think my camera is going to die
soon if it doesn't I'll show you the ice
cream if it does then I'm sorry I'll
continue at home could the birds are
they songs or I don't even know they're
not yeah the seagulls I time to go
inside I look by the way on say it's in
my hand there we go my tripod I'm gonna
try and make this a selfie stick oh I'm
just skateboard okay no this is your
fastest so far is ridiculous ah there
yeah your boy is good alright so I got
the gorilla pod out oh I dropped
something what is that
okay literally empty but here it is my
bad there we go
that is the gorilla pod that I got it's
quite big actually let me try and put my
camera on it and record it there you go
it's opening up there we go so I've got
like a little selfie stick it's not too
big but tell me if like it helps a
little bit more way don't try and bend
the third one as well because it's got
like three door things I wish I could
record it for you guys how I'm holding
it actually I probably can let me just
quickly this is actually pretty cool I
call you in life I'm going to quickly
take my phone and show you guys what is
there so I don't know if you guys can
see my phone yeah there you go you can
definitely see it look that is my little
hood selfie stick for now alright guys
so I'm using my old camera to record so
I can show you my new cell so it's not
much different to I used but I know this
is again for you guys wondering why I
use in my last video I had it in my hand
I couldn't show you but this is the
camera I use the g7x Scott flip screen
and now I just added this gorilla pod
these are what these are called
so I think this is how
you blog you from now on just get myself
a good angle so tell me what you guys
think the clip that you saw before this
when I was using it did you think it was
good or not but hopefully you enjoy my
new self type of thing just keeping you
updated why use it's pretty cool but I
think because it's new it's really
sturdy like I can't bend it that easily
so I'll see once I use it more if it
gets a bit more like kind of flexible
yeah there you go hopefully you enjoy
deuces
so the other day you guys might remember
that I broke my toy but finally found
the spare parts to the wings so I'm
gonna replace them right now I'm gonna
use this to film it so this is already
coming into use alright so I'm gonna get
started I'm doing it all on camera for
the first time hopefully I don't ruin
anything so first of all I need to find
the ones that are broken so okay that
one's broken I don't know if you guys
can see it you probably can't it's like
in the corner there there there you can
you can actually see it okay broken ones
going to the side new one is coming into
place alright first one's done guys onto
the second one I think I broke this
while I was doing it I broke the landing
thing but I don't think that should be a
problem focus alright guys I'm done the
helicopter is fully recovered just going
to quickly test it and if it works we're
gonna play within tomorrow's vlog let's
see all right moment of truth let's see
if this bad boy works two fine young
guys let's see if it works
well I think it's worse than last time
it doesn't even come off the floor oh
dear huh allows a fail alright guys
we'll have no idea what's going on let
me know what I can do in the comment
section to fix it because it's not even
going off the floor I don't know why
I've done to it but that's pretty much
fail anyways guys if you did enjoyed
today's video drop a like share with
your friends we managed to break my
thing not really wheels just me I don't
know what I did to it but let me know in
the description what I did wrong maybe I
closed it wrong I don't know I think it
all looks good but yeah if you did enjoy
today's vlog drop a like share with your
friends and I'll see you guys with
tomorrow's with your Yoli y'all know
deuces
