good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today my sister is sorting out her
room and she is going in deep into the
deck to empty out everything look at the
cat look at what the hell is that Marcy
friends that I have allergies dad yes
it's so dusty down there that she needs
to wear that mask it's a great way to
start a vlog
oh look under there is anything left on
there no but I'm starting to get other
alright you can continue storing
everything out I'm gonna go alright guys
so my sister just broke the vacuum and
she's been trying to sellotape it back
to each other for like I don't know how
long it's not working she brought some
other tape this this is just ridiculous
we have to go buy one tomorrow or today
the stores are still open yeah but I
need it now because I've got allergies
and the dust is killing me you stir my
in the mosque Oh
oh my god yeah leave me here go get one
today there you go bring me scissors
scissors why this I don't know what
you're doing what what made you think of
sticking that other tape on it how would
I work with this tape why don't you just
first come on did not have normal tape
so I use this one uh this is like daily
household struggles everyone can relate
oh my god this legs ill that I probably
see you guys we're gonna get this sorted
out by tomorrow that max maybe today
we'll go buy another tube or whatever it
needs that oh my god this is just
ridiculous
you you ripped it you just pulled it I
thought it was probably like maybe
download you know because I couldn't rip
this alright oh you're mucho muscle
learn you did it this is it I actually
thought you fixed it because it looked
so clean
we don't even know what to name this
video and here okay what were them first
three circles for we need to make a
bridge a bridge make the bridge
basically you need to get some surface
after the breakage connection
I would try to help you but I don't know
what to do I know I'm doing this I hate
sellotape noise hi I'm just I'm gonna
leave you doing that I'm done sitting on
my bed look at me guys okay so the old
sanity there we go fixed it we should be
as clear sallet it for this it looks for
your weird dude is not saying anything
for a region I'm sick the doctors dead
to hit that then once you make the
connection all you have to do is make
friends not around here
yeah all right so I'm going out right
now me and my friend are going to my
other friend's house to watch some
football he's just chillin in the car
but I also brought my football shoes to
go play football no he is just saying
yeah I'm gonna go watch the man United
Tottenham game is it the man you I
taught them game James yeah yeah so
that's the game we're gonna watch so
hopefully man united win that's why I'm
rooting for Scott all right so it's
halftime guys Manny night are winning
you know some guy called Walker scored
an own goal I know a few guys yeah some
guy could walk a they might know what
football right workers good a no girl
the one new man United are winning my
team is doing good my but as I was
saying guys yes sir it's one note to man
unite my team
we're just quickly going down to buy
some snacks from the store and come back
watch the rest of the game and then go
play some football ourselves because to
be honest the way the match has been
going so far I could have played better
than most the players in the game you
know me and my skills the kick ups and
stuff like that but yeah we'll see you
guys after we head back let me know if
you guys had these as a kids though
these like little ways popsicle type of
things they're so nice like the only
problem is you can't really open it that
easily so I need to go to my friend's
house and quickly grabbed a knife and
trying to open it a bit more start to
you start to children
oh man oh man oh man
not again I waited for knees neighbor
where y'all at I drove me all right guys
so we're finally here at the town we're
playing a bit of football my friends
there but yeah we're just gonna get into
it maybe I do a couple more Clips not
too much though I think last time you
guys got a bit bored of party cups I
don't know what's gonna happen now
whoa okay that ball went flying yeah
once we were headed off after here we're
gonna go Nando's my favorite place you
know they need to give me a black card
you see no ever give me a black card and
Anders look Nando's I love your food
please Rasta cool all right yeah as you
can tell we've been playing for a couple
of hours just super hot all right watch
me watch me hit it to him okay Josh you
ready dance for you
yeah fine mode nice it's in my bag all
right as I was saying we're gonna go
Nando's soon hopefully I'm starting
we're just waiting for one of my friends
so that her away for one of my friends
who's got a driving lesson at the moment
and he's going to be done right in 10 20
minutes and then the crews gonna head
out to Nando's our touch touch touch
second time Oh me finally finished up
with playing football you can see
there's a wedding going on over there
and yeah we're just gonna go eating out
it was super hot today my hair is a
complete mess that's why I always touch
it and you guys complain about it but
look out because if I don't things out
yeah they're talking too much so I'm
just gonna go and shoot them
let's go up with everybody here and then
go home thank you
hi Maya I'm try to vlog me and all your
going to show you a little toy again all
right are you ready to show them the
home alright guys I think you remember
these from one of my old vlogs we have
them here as well so show them how it
works I think I think it pops and I did
it but imagine it popped all right let's
try get a slow-mo sure glad I don't know
let's see a slow-mo which tried it on
your head
what it's the others really let me try
is enough outside sure enough I'm
thinking just at least it's high enough
for me to have it there you know they
want the ploidy on the soy ma did you
see that noise revival the screw genus I
should real of these choice guys god I
guess we're dahlias are recording it's
recording minute yeah hey guys I just
uploaded my music video check it out
it's gonna be like three days hold for
you guys that means I'm joking alright
what do you reckon golly wait let me
show you you're here you reckon I
should put this in black are you gonna
put it in black it's ready
look I look like and there so let I
don't know your spray spray paint and
plastic yeah it actually works I'll sit
alright I know a lot of you left me a
comment someone was like use I can't
remember what it was but they're telling
me either use something else I can't
remember the exact name I know what it
is like to liquid remix or they said
sand it down and do it yeah but I
actually watched a video and big like
spray paint onto it and he showed off
turn it more
I swear I probably said they're looking
at me like you don't believe me because
I don't believe you very much to do it
yeah yeah I'm still leave it I'm going
to go reply to a company you keep
comments so they're going to go back to
the YouTube grave for now that books all
around I'm stuck watching Mo's own
videos of course it originally oh yeah
watching my video but this all we are
all watching the video that just went
out it's like three people or watching
the blog video is a team we review the
video to see if it's worth your while if
it's not all take it down I'm drinking
this is basically where half the views
come from three people in a room on a
constant refresh my vlogs exposed the
reviews yeah but how many times have you
pressed back to go took up all hood
no guys connected this is my yeah and
it's just the job we all rates not a
joke no look we watched it once look
this is it this is it this is it it's
just refreshing no that's it I got a
friend you see that's why it's good this
was good like calm focus come on
so I've got like 320 views and like 10
minutes here for now yeah well I never a
while with none as you know believe that
we've got the auto type in it's like on
on f5 every 5 every 5 seconds it crises
f5
no no do not believe any word he's just
joking guys I'm not we want you do you
want your wife and that's it we just put
it out to the road right if anyone wants
to play CS add that profile
that's what I think I need my spot I
only play with mg leaks and about us
okay I'm about your life when you keep
20 people in it I put a lot you've been
using up my Mac all right guys I'm cut
literally you're gonna see the clip from
here my friend just spent 10 minutes
recording face cam gameplay up in place
yes go really good I replayed you gave
try and hit my face thing so this is too
hard but always coming all right my
friends turn alright I think trying it
on your face is even going to come down
oh you need to get it straight on the
face but I definitely cadence cake no
are you deafening your face with it no
calm down a little
alright now you need to calm down a
little more I hopefully I think that
should do it
ah I told you I go again oh there we go
all right round three dangling new game
you guys can play at home I think you
need to be a little low and you'll know
hey I think that I think that should do
it
oh of your mouth alleges is it gonna
come down yeah
the touch she not even Channel oh yeah
like shining a laser would do anything
on it
oh well like kids of it at all I don't
you have to go way lower than that way
lower but not low low low low
ahh I think we got a good one at school
who are you doing
I want you now did you not the what
we've already put out I'm watching a new
one okay
BTS what BTS what's BTS
behind-the-scenes I'm editing this is
the longest process you ever go through
then if you make me news you know the
grind is real
how are you taking today's videos what
are you doing on it I'm videoing every
piece of equipment that doesn't work
alright works the other way what why ah
I led you to video that assume come on
come on focus focus come on why you're
not focus there it's no first you're
having fun it's tiring per year let's go
no I was aiming out as you said as you
did that anyways guys are super late
that good night
do do my friends are going home doo doo
doo doo doo office 12 hey they're going
home and then I'm gonna come back home
to end the vlog damn it's actually kind
of cold I'm literally out in my pajamas
as I saw you guys it's super late at
night but if you guys want to follow my
friends on Instagram that's Olly
Hikari seem at the moment and that's
Kyrie KS I look alike so yeah boy but
both their instagrams will be down in
the description so yeah go follow us
them if you think they look pretty
single-string whore yeah anything like
day good obviously
anyways guys I just got home hopefully
you enjoyed today's video it's been a
long day it's super late and I'm gonna
go sleep right now but if you enjoyed
today's video make sure to drop a like
share the video with your friends I do
appreciate that and it helps me out a
lot and yah-yah-yah alone I'll see you
guys tomorrow
deuces
