Kit Kat chunky Yankee okay good morning
guys and welcome to another vlog today
we're starting out in the car I'm gonna
tell you a couple things that happened
before I start to these look so first of
all I wanna say thank you for all the
snapchats you guys said I looked at a
couple more today with my sister there
was a lot of awesome ones I didn't get
to record but snapchat is awesome so
make sure to follow me down in the
description is my name going to my
friend's house or my mom's friend
so yeah let's start this journey who
sees I it's her birthday if you should
know that oh happy birthday yeah okay
Ready Steady Go okay I'm gonna try and
practice plugin I'm gonna practice blob
a slow down here mind slow down you know
I hit just I'm so good it is pretty much
taking over my channel at the moment to
practice her vlog it's kind of selfish
Oh chipwrecked just other places exist
so good so finally here guys we're just
quickly running to get a small gift and
come back we're gonna go through the
park that me and my friends always come
I like this road bike I think it's all
nice and the houses I've loaded trees
here but yeah we should be back we just
quickly to go get something I know we're
not going to depart because I just
realized the gate we need to go through
is actually closed so we'll continue to
go through this street it's going to be
a complicated procedure we just have to
go this way we're literally walking down
the same street and my sister was
complaining that I'm not vlogging so you
know what here you go you can vlog now
you can take it over it's the same
street okay so what are we doing now
we're honest you want to divide you so
we're gonna go get a birthday present
for one of my our friends and we're just
walking there hopefully won't forget it
we'll come back my brothers imitating
love it blah blah blah blah blah
it's being really rude anyway once
you're finished we'll come back the
weather's amazing here yeah so I really
don't know what to say yellow your look
alright let me apologize for letting her
do the blogging that was awful
alright so super hot guys we finally got
our gifts we also got flowers they did
super dope green flowers what okay I
swear I heard movements under that tree
but yeah we're gonna go ahead off to
their house now and I'm dying just from
this like 100 meter walk oh my god these
are these choppers and this one DC's
she's looking after involving Wow I'm
scared of the door that one you don't
like him I'm scared of it don't don't
but I don't suppose we can open this
window ready alright so we have to cut
the stems of the flowers we didn't know
about that so we're doing it here
alright let's do that okay this is
actually mimicking flowers not no idea
is it yeah he's actually sick stems you
guys look at their birds is why I didn't
get to video but he was playing with the
Bell I don't oh they actually told you
guys I'm trying to like talk to them
they're probably the crazy like why bad
did you slap that guy's the bright he
just pays tail I'm not sure if I got
that on video that's so rude you might
be going outside not to see the dog so
I'm really scared that we might buy I'm
not sure probably what but I'm still
scared
Oh Oh we came to buy your again
hey they're super big oh I'm really yeah
they looks like a nice dog okay here
take a look look I know I cannot now my
fears gone up because I the beginning he
was like Jim knows it what's his name
Marty I don't know
okay Marty you're getting a bit too
personal I like his rice ball he wants
to play he wants to play yeah I think he
smelled Oh baby the boy come here come
here come here
you see this young to play with them
somebody on the plane yeah
are you in your oh oh look at him yeah
he's like the tattoos he give me the
ball he's not giving me it what's up
Marley actually really friendly ah oh my
God he's like we had a friend actually
and they had a dog like him who is onto
the jump ah look at the camera just to
trust him and look at the camera like it
they give it you know will given it will
give it away good give it up give it a
pull he's not giving me the ball oh my
god
give me the ball give me
this guy's so big oh I actually really
love dogs
hey you're my new dog you're my new dog
he just thinks the water runs okay let
me try and get the ball from him um say
coming it come it come here go it come
here he's not really give it to there we
go oh don't hurt I don't think he wants
to give it to me he just wants to run
around with it he's trying to get it I
want a dog now Marley wait was his name
Marlon but I think he's drinking water
yet as I could let he's so thirsty oh
I'll he click double now the big guys
got it is he gonna let go of it oh my
god let's take out I'm scared to do it
myself is it I was good he's like nope
Bible thing I'm not done it before so I
don't know anyone I wanna jump it means
that no I'm gonna give it to moe
I'm gonna give it to moe drop it drop it
okay all right yeah boys it you bought
it
boys it good boy good boy okay wait oh
yeah here yeah I think they wanna play
over is your hand wet oh yeah his head
he dropped it he dropped it okay no you
drink it up you pick it out distractor
you got it oh oh oh my god the fight for
it okay now you're never getting it back
which one has it oh no he has it again
last plane wound no it's okay Marlon has
it though he gives the ball to us come
on it
he give us the boy I dropped objectable
ah I think he's getting used to us drop
drop drop oh okay okay
ah okay now we're never getting a bag
yeah he would never give us the ball
back so time with the dogs guys I ready
look at that we've got them in a perfect
video shoot type of thing oh my god I'm
taking two I'm taking the video and
photos of my sister's iPhone that's
actually amazing they came for a photo
look at her guys what is he doing
oh my god it's a happy oh my god he
looks like he's having too much fun all
right so this is officially the end of
Marlon and Bobby Bobby yeah we named him
really love dogs hopefully you enjoyed
the clip so you got the by deuces we had
a really good day it's time to go home
All Right see I think we need to go to
town quickly but yeah cool dogs and it
was good catching up with really really
good old friends so let's turn on the
car and get headed guys look at these
monkeys in it very cool
I ready to leave my mom and sister have
been shoe shopping for like hours that's
why I was at least half an hour
okay it's been a long time and I just
want to go home now
so today you can join our shopping from
trolley view I think this is a great
view
I saw someone make a video like this and
they just like attach their trolley you
know what are you doing is are you work
what is this is that yours
oh I thought you literally took it from
one of them you're just gonna wear it
around the store so we finally found it
oh my god shout to one of my fans they
said they have it in Tesco yeah we're
not in Tesco at the moment though but
when you luckily ran into that Saint
thérèse but still give you a shout to
my birth really well at least we yeah
cuz I was actually gonna go Tesco after
this to find it so it would have
definitely been there but I see it's got
21% closer it's like a cocoa expert I'm
in love with the girl oh yeah how need
you wanna get what like lateness alright
gimme exposure
wait when the day expire she is giving
up what you want more bye guys it's just
kind of killing it now well you're
taking one of them are you kidding
not really that's that's that's not even
thing that's mine it's not so double
like there's nothing left okay this is a
cocoa addict in the making there's no
more left okay come on no there's not
there's no more there's no okay that
there actually is make sure all the ones
you got 2017 because
sixteen good like thankfully one two
three four five six seven eight like two
four six eight
yeah you got a designer wall at Dee's
where's the 2017 no no definitely not
all right guys let me let her know how
ridiculous she's being I think now
they're not gonna bring them back
serious see how many stores have stopped
doing this yeah cause people like you up
that's it they're literally gonna bring
it back just because they saw what you
did don't I if it's that popular than
why no it's when I see this I see
fatness I'm sorry that's a monkey yeah
they're not gonna eat it no let's just
get a normal muffin oh my god creating
those fish such don't eat me please
don't eat me and starfish who cares
all right let's just go I don't know if
she's like the dumbest person in the
world why are you so excited about nests
creat by guys when I get a pure box you
know what this Emily yeah I've been a
dick
no Chuck from when she was like 1 years
old yet that was born oh and if you take
an injection and you put it into the
baby's veins and that's how they become
addicted um that's cool
I've tried to stop me I could share
every single night of my life I'm in
love with that go go whip it whip it
well you're crazy
guys well that's our shopping complete
it was nine you got an extra one
strawberry time to go home guys the
heaviest bag is literally like five
kilograms of cocoa powder really
couldn't you just like get someone else
to give you cocoa powder all right done
yeah manually you push it down duh we're
vlogging with Logan if we're vlogging
yourself otherwise I don't know every
time I - I just keep saying Logan like I
decided to sing them back because my mom
was singing along to come and sit and
plus I can stretch my legs out and chill
in the back so it's like Keira like a
limousine backseat so I won't say that
no just enough for one person with it
should you not vlog in I'm blowin I'm
blogger what did you do I didn't do
anything wrong
you did something wrong you look guilty
what if it did
okay calm down calm down I'm not kindest
and look wait wait oh that's very fast
very fast driving
I just calm down let's get home in one
piece that we Logan no no no I need to
know what's going away what's up don't
worry about it okay what's happened this
happened no I'm gonna I'm gonna play it
back
Oh baby it's like a baby it's such a
beautiful cat good green eyes I'm going
oh yeah anyways guys I just got home
gonna wrap up the vlog here I've got
like 60 or 70 snapchats to look at
because I asked people if I should spray
paint my skateboard so I need to see
your replies on that but if you enjoyed
today's vlog smash the like button Yolo
Yolo yeah laughs wait how did you that
yah oh yah oh it's like a twist motion
but that's like the picture on the other
that's like yeah leo no but that was yah
yah no hi
anyways yah yah yah no guys yah yah yah
you know what we'll see you guys
tomorrow say yeah yeah first you start
off with a peace sign
then it's yellow yellow yeah okay Jana
Jana I will see you guys next time
