good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it's currently 10 to 11 and I'm
going to the GP with my mum we've got I
need to get a booster vaccination
they're just like I'll pop vaccinations
if you haven't had one yeah she's coming
you can see there you got there all
right I'm gonna go quickly pop into the
GP and get my top-up vaccinations and
yeah after that I think we're gonna go
to town and my friend is also coming
around today one of the ones you haven't
seen so far
skies and a confirm one look-alike if
you know what I mean alright so I'm just
waiting my turn it should be soon I
think in 10 minutes they should call me
alright I just had my vaccination on my
left arm apparently it might start
feeling a bit dead but it's okay i
don't--hey hold my camera in my right
hand anyways we just need to quickly go
Bob's got some work to do at the bank
and then after that we're gonna get
headed home and I went to meet up with
my friend so be honest he's always
really late the other thing that told me
the time so I'm guessing it's gonna be
in the afternoon sometimes because he's
just come back from holiday as well
through yesterday so it's gonna be
jet-lagged if anything alright so yeah
there's the entrance to know where that
is but it's been here flight loads of
years obviously you can tell how old it
is and it looks really nice to be honest
all right oh that was a fail the bank
was so busy we couldn't even get we only
have like half an hour left in our
parking over there and yeah it was like
super busy at the bank so I don't think
we'd make on time so we're gonna come
back another day alright guys so we're
making our way we just have to go to
this place so no place I can't tell you
just to drop off this letter and then
after that we're going to go home we
just had a bit more work than expected
to come is that a world tour girls aw
yeah
trigger finger staring at your fingers I
so I'm doing something a bit different
now I'm gonna use a couple of papers and
I'm gonna try and draw out like logos
and then the one I think is the best I
will cut out and then spray paint on
this phone cover that I have my iPhone
I'm gonna also snapchat people asking
them to draws me something but I'm not
sure if anyone's going to respond in
time so let's see what happens
oh I did it very rough I couldn't
literally I got a bit bored in the
middle of it so that's my first one and
I also realized it's a bit too big for
an iPhone case literally only the vlogs
or the molar Wolfie on it I don't want
to hear about this ever again
not even when she told him that they
better as friends more back-to-back
remix bam oh alright so I asked you guys
on snapchat as well to send me some
designs I've got six or seven snaps but
I'm not gonna open them now because for
now we're going out my sister's got some
work to do and I'm just gonna leave all
of this mess here and I'll come and saw
out once we get back and look at all the
snaps then so I hope that makes sense
so I'm riding in a new seat guys today
riding at the back I can get the best
shot for you guys the dirt the dirt that
does the dirt that today I've got my
driver with
let's say she's driving me around it's
gonna be a fun day
well we just got back home guys and it
is raining you can see I don't want to
hold my okay let me cover my camera
because I don't want water to go in the
microphones because if you guys know the
microphone is on the top like this is
London weather sunny yesterday and now
it's raining but to be honest I actually
kind of like the rain I think it's
because I don't get much rain than Dubai
so whenever I come here and it's raining
I'm just like me like I don't mind it
but we're gonna go inside and I need to
look at some of the snapchats people
sent me but I think we have to go out a
lot more time it's so annoying but yeah
I'm gonna go look at the snapchat people
sent me four designs and once I get back
home I'm gonna start spray-painting the
design I didn't even get time to do that
guys or
going out again alright wait have I got
my keys to my car all right there we go
let's go again and again and again
hey my phone I forgot about that my
beautiful broken phone to me mama start
having their car
all right so I just ordered some Nando's
takeaway I'm putting a food chicken at
home the reason I'm not dining in is
because it's a long waiting time and my
mom and sister aren't hungry so I'm just
getting it for myself well so because
there's no seats inside I just have to
come and sit in the car such a bummer I
wanted to eat in but obviously they're
not hungry and I'm not going to make
them sit there and watch me eat and the
keys in my pocket one second all right
let's go and just wait here for like ten
minutes
you finally in the car in the car you
need to turn it once the edges on just
fine
Nando's I'll let you guys a fact about
me I love Nando's that's the way to my
heart I just love I love finding out my
Nando's and it's time to go
there was a 40-minute wait how
ridiculous scanner but it was super busy
here you go wait do you have your Nutter
all right let's go I can finally say I'm
home and I can get back on this project
of making myself a small little logo
from a high phone case I need to open
all the snaps and I'm going to show you
a couple of them I don't know how I'm
gonna do this why I want a print screen
a couple of them so I think I should put
the camera here hi I'm having a bit of a
problem guys finding some of these logos
all right Nessie hopefully this should
be one hey bro I there we go let's take
a print screen of that and then the Hat
and then that that's three pretty cool
ones from mid Danu so thank you or was
it I think it was hums are matter if I'm
sorry if I'm getting in them wrong you
saw which one I opened anyways let's go
to the next all right pretty cool right
yeah there you go you guys can see it
too next one from mom or mom or gorgey
more vlogs pretty cool thank you for
sending these in alright before I get
into making this logo I think I need to
have some of the Nando's I got because
I'm super hungry I have to wait 40
minutes for the food to come so let me
just crap so let me just quickly grab a
plate and then I'm gonna eat and start
with the logo thing hi I'm super sorry
guys as you can see I'm outside I've
said this like four times today I was
supposed to do this logo thing but every
time I quickly need to do something so
I'll be back home in a couple minutes
the reason I'm vlogging this anyways is
just to keep you guys up to date because
you guys always don't know what I'm
doing going out need to quickly do
something and I'll be back home haha
today is such a busy day you don't even
understand how promised I you have the
car flogged you you're making me drive
you around you take take a blog called e
pets what are you trying
look how bet you're holding the block
have you seen what I trust me okay I'll
fix it trust me trust me trust me you
just log wait actually you want hot air
or kick obviously okay
how do people are you feel today they
say they list you in the other vlog guys
I read your comments and I'm telling my
sister not what go like all oh I don't
know
I don't know
under there some kids are playing
hide-and-seek
you can continue your slow down alright
my sister is super stressed out hi there
we go oh my god Mike continued okay
bring up look out
hi guys basically what just we witness
something magnificent nothing right now
two kids ran into our parking and then
we saw three girls chasing them I know
right
three girls chasing two boys damn son
you're not saying anything the look I
feel like you're just leaving them out
like driving with no hands I'm stressed
out noooooo
like if you're gonna vlog like this they
will not appreciate you
okay alright end the vlog we'll get back
alright finally done ready to go inside
and hopefully I know I've said this like
four times still now we can finally do
the mow logs logo I want so let's just
hope that we don't need to do anything
else look how dark it is it's not even
that late what time is it
it's like 9 o'clock right finally back
to making my logo I'm quickly gonna get
a template of how big this is draw okay
wait
oops mad I'm quickly gonna take a
template of how big the case is then I'm
gonna draw in that area cut it out and
we should spray painted it onto the case
so let's start just quickly taking a
template of how big all right so it's
somewhere around here that is how big we
need to have it thrown out but I'm just
gonna leave this here okay so we need
shower mold logs somo and then vlogs
under it I'm not too sure let me think
about it no and then let's dude oh all
right guys I've just done this roughly
obviously but do you think this will
look nice I think that should be pretty
good maybe we can add like a little
picture here I'm trying to think of how
it would be so that would be more vlogs
actually I guess cuz the camera would be
over here so we can add something over
here I don't know what should be I can
leave a blank for now all right being
super honest with you guys I feel so
drowsy because the vaccination I had
today oh I didn't even expect it to make
me drowsy I just feel so tired
my sister is currently checking the logo
I told her to try and make me like a
little symbol I'm not sure if she's even
gonna bother but we'll see in a couple
seconds all right my sister has been in
her room as I said I gave it to her and
she's been designing like that I showed
them to I did the move loads but she has
made a young the other thing but you do
realize I'm gonna be cutting this out
and spray painting so I around here
but so he's off with these letters I'm
gonna cut the letters out and it's going
to be spray-painting more blogs that am
I gonna spray-paint the whole finger and
hand I'm really gonna spray-paint down
no lychee whatever you're gonna draw
here is gonna be fully black so they
can't see any detail in it you know I
mean all upside down so just like I'd
like a little tail to it no but I need
to see how your hat looks all right this
is not realistic for my case by bringing
the blue case and you can draw on it
with a pen and a wipe stuff but I take
this case you can actually draw on it
you know I know all come off trust me
drawn it yeah wiped off easily
I'm gonna do it so trying to replicate a
thing for me a nice one the plan doesn't
work on all the areas so I just just try
and do it very roughly yeah okay it
doesn't turn out great guys you know why
look at the pen they're good and then
why don't we merge the jelly Yolo into
it
do you know what I'm saying like really
this is literally gonna wipe off in like
four seconds seems so focused all right
doesn't matter just show them you can't
draw you can't draw on that part hi guys
this is the finished product with a lot
of hardness basically the pen doesn't
draw a lot I'm trying not to write this
up but there we go she designed it
designer off my new iPhone case sorry
cuz the pen doesn't draw okay please
please don't put any more effort into
this this is just a waste of time now
I'm literally gonna rub power in two
seconds well very good you like to work
more vlogs it's too small I think it's
cuz there's no color in it you can't see
and bye
anyways guys would you guys want this
type of product
it actually looks really nice let me
know what you guys think in the comment
section does this look good okay no I
don't I don't think my little face would
fit into this case no don't don't even
bother right let me just create a
picture like this so it doesn't ruin it
alright anyways I'll be right back guys
actually I might as well wrap the vlog
up here they think I think it's a good
look at look at the camera so they can
see your work next to it more vlogs okay
on set that's good and then Lana Dawes
okay anyways guys I'm gonna end the vlog
here I was going to spray-paint my phone
case but I know a lot of you don't
follow me on snapchat and Instagram and
you wouldn't have been able to give me
your ideas so the reason I'm putting
this video out before I spray-paint it
is because I want to see your ideas that
people watching me on youtube as well
but make sure you do follow my links
down in the description if you do have
snapchat and Instagram and give me ideas
so I might even use one of your ideas to
spray-paint onto my case but for now if
you guys enjoyed the video drop a like
subscribe share with your friends we
haven't done this a long time Lana
please yellow see you guys next time bye
bye guys boom
