good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it's currently quarter to nine the
reason I'm going out so early is because
I'm taking my car to the service center
today if you guys watch my vlogs you
would know that it's overdue on its
service for about 35 days or 40 days who
knows yeah
I'm just about to go the Lighting's a
bit darkness muggy down there yeah I'm
gonna give the carcass service what's
really bad is my sister is also giving a
car for service so she can't come and
pick me up
so me and my mum have to get taxi back
home so it's gonna be a busy day today
again alright guys so I'm currently at
the service centre we just called a cab
and we're gonna go home now and yeah
we're gonna pick your back up later on
today not exactly sure when just in a
couple of hours so I'm doing a bit of
cleaning today all of these boxes are
going there like my old iPhone boxes and
just generally watch boxes and
everything like that so I'm going to go
throw these outside and come and clean
up by literally my room is a complete
mess so my other vlog I showed you this
painting which was done by my sister and
a lot of you wanted to see another one
so I'm going to show you one more today
I'm just going to show them one at a
time because I don't want to really show
all of them in one blog but this is
another painting that my sister did I
don't know how well you can see it but
there you go that's number one of her
pieces yeah
friend if you're asking yeah she's done
a lot of paintings I've just shown you
these two so far we're doing a bit of
rearranging so I put it down there for
now yeah I think it looks pretty nice
what do you guys think
my table is a complete mess I apologize
for that but I wanted to show you these
two things I talked about it in my other
vlog I was like these were my special
corn flake cereal boxes that I have at
home but now I'm going to show you
something even more special I'm going to
show you a throwback picture of my
sister so hopefully you enjoy alright so
this is my sister guys a couple years
back when her hair color was red and
this is her now so let me know what you
guys were or let her know cuz I don't
really care but this is throwback Ilana
oh my god my battery's dying
no I says throwback Lana or this Lana
let us know in the comment section
she might be changing a color of her
hair soon maybe soon as in like a year
we're finally at the Steven James
service center are picking up my
sister's car and then my car we got them
both serviced on the same day what's up
alright
so yeah as I was saying we got both our
cars serviced on the same day or
actually no we're collecting they're
both on the same day my sister's first
and then after here we're gonna go pick
up mine so we picked up my sister's car
now finally we're obviously still at the
service center you can see all the BMWs
but we're about to go pick up my car
hopefully we have enough time it's like
half an hour to lay clothes well we
should get there anyways and yet I'll be
both far far serviced up for this week
and that's something we need to do my
mom's just are going with my sister's
car thing anyways then my car is parked
oh wait no trunk are very good that is
my car no no wrong car so I went to that
gosh thinking it's mine
one second they discreetly unlock the
door
you're coming with me my sister I don't
know where she's gonna go bomb it eating
the way I'm gonna do something weird
I dunno you guys could see them hi this
guy wasn't it alright now we're all home
I led the way obviously my sister mama
like one minute behind not even that
much there your perfect parking perfect
amount of space down the middle let's go
inside I'm super tired hi so my sister
had a rings colored as well guys yeah oh
it was hot yeah I think
don't touch it was hot no no the caliper
itself really yeah I think this is
breaking the friction that wasn't a
smile I literally just burnt my finger I
raised to go outside let's go alright so
I'm at home now guys and a lot of you
have been recently asking me how I edit
my videos and what I record with all of
this information is in my About section
but I'm just going to let you guys know
again now the camera I use I'm trying to
find it that's why I'm looking around I
should have been prepared damn it be
right back
I I'm so sorry guys I just realized I've
been recording with my camera and I was
trying to search for it oh my god that
makes me like an idiot batteries the
camera is the canon g7x
it's in my About section it's a really
good vlogging camera and why used to
edit my videos is actually imovie it
comes free on all Macs so it's not
nothing fancy or anything I do sometimes
use final cut but not really it's only
for blurring stuff I don't actually edit
anything alright so I'm gonna make my
way to Sainsbury's now and I want to
tell you a little fact about me which
might be a little bit weird I'm saying
weird cuz a lot of my friends find it
weird the reason I'm going is I want to
get crisps just like plain cheese and
onion and salt and vinegar crisps and I
have a habit I have my crisps with
yogurt let me know if any of you do that
I don't know if it's just me and I'm
actually weird or if it's like something
I don't know just let me know if any of
you have tried it crisps with yogurt
just like playing Greek yogurt and you
dip your crisp in it and you have it
hi this is guy you read you up a shoe
but I came out you but I time you got
that short active back alright so we're
here in our surprise it was even open my
it looked really really dark but
apparently bulging with Mars look is
let's go buy my crisps like you know
that's like when you have like a really
weird mood and you just want something
that's how I felt like my mom was
surprised she was like you're gonna go
all the way to Sainsbury's for crisps
and I was like yeah I don't know I just
feel it all right sirens are going off I
don't know what's up what's going on I
don't the energy show guys have you ever
had this problem for like you come
through the bridge section and I'm like
completely freezing
I don't know I wore a short sleeve but
when I come to the bridge section it
just kills me my whole left arm it's
going dead like it's literally dying we
need to get out of this section quick
and just get my Christmas like I was
actually going to come and lows it then
my mom was like oh I need to do a bit of
shopping and you know when your mom says
it's a bit of shopping she's just going
to start buying everything
it's just that real but to be honest
it's all for us anyway so I can't
complain alright so prone and cocktail
comes first okay and just dropped it
that's one then we need cheese and onion
obviously and salt and vinegar and just
for the sake of three oh yeah we have
three so yeah there we go perfect
my mom is picking out some bread you
know bread shopping I normally love the
long breads they have but obviously
they're sold out because Oh what are you
guys doing there okay I don't know I see
a lot of youtubers doing that type of
thing and it's just so cool when they do
it they just place it behind something
and it's like oh what are you guys doing
that I they tell me if I'm just being
weird
I think cuz it's at night it's super
empty like look how empty it is all of
these tools have closed down it's kind
of good though because the ones are open
are empty alright we're doing self
checkout come on read it
the problem is you have to fit it all in
this section this is going to become
difficult
there we go
all right I don't know what I'm going to
do but I think this is the most you can
probably do in a self-checkout
at least it worked all done and ready to
go home you can see over the park not
believe me darn I'm fading up let me is
stand up I shall just continue recording
once I get home to show you the snack up
talking about and let me know if it's
weird alright so I'm going to show you
what my bad habit is we finally got home
so this is how I do I've got like a
whole routine
don't judge me about this but I just
take two packets of crisps and this is
the plain Greek yogurt and if you guys
I'm going to tell you I'm going to do
before I do it so if you find it
disgusting get off the video now but I
take my crisps and I just dip it in the
yogurt and I eat it so it's like a
little dip I'm gonna show you just so
you get a clearer understanding but let
me just quickly open the packet alright
guys this is why do you just take the
crisps you dip it in voila I'm recording
I anyways hopefully you enjoyed today's
video guys if you did drop a like share
with your friends y'all that y'all know
and I'll see you guys next time
deuces she is such a baby
still complaining she's still
complaining what's wrong then leave a
vlog alone you know this is all gonna be
in now I'm not even gonna cut it out
he's your fault yeah well I
