good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today me and my boys are gonna go
shopping and I'm a bit of fun at town
park I love you wanted to see my friends
there's two of them
you guys don't really see that many of
my vlogs because I was in Dubai and
obviously they live here we're gonna go
out with the witch and see what we can
do today I'm let me record him no I am
yo sup guys I we're about to go to town
and it's not driving my personally from
you guys so hopefully you enjoyed yeah
let's make away you see that cache mode
thinking alright this is what it's what
is wavy so he finally got to our local
town my friend is skateboarding over
there he's having fun with that boy I
got him I me and my boy we're getting
our stuff from the boot alright wait I
need to I need to wait what first wait I
think he has the ball right did he bring
it yeah it's in his bag what are you
doing alright it's his turn now
you guys actually kind of good at you
know he's gonna fall off I bet you he's
he's a Yankee he's going back
he's going back professional so I'm
gonna be vlogging me going down that
steepness well my friend wants to vlog
it for you guys so I'm gonna give him
the camera I know they can see the whole
thing punish you hopefully well will
down
yeah he's going I don't think they'll be
able to though what's that hoping I'll
be able to get up is it
hey hey okay I just yeah
time for the second guy now I'd be with
back in JD or my friends I think you
guys are Emily yesterday I came here to
get my shoes I picked their max night
use but I feel kind of bad that I didn't
get these tell me if I made the right
choice guys who matters oh I really like
the luck scissors roll but I think they
are Mac's are a better choice would
think wow already the light ones yeah
actually they're pretty good yeah thanks
you get nice I want to get free why do
you watch you what I don't know about
Emily got it no matter I'm nice okay but
why wouldn't you go for one of these or
knows a friend's finishing up with his
purchase you got some white Reeboks just
need to collect them from the tool that
feels weird touch that that's like
I like them weird snakeskin things big
boy shopping I think these type of
glasses look really sick I don't know do
you think good suit me tell me what you
guys think does that suit me
these are sick my friends on the camera
like a weirdo I actually might use both
I thought so they've already tagged so
I'm skateboarding my way to our town
park my hair literally gets messed up
I'm sorry for touching it you can see my
friends in the background and I'm on
this skateboard I'm just gonna hit let
me just get on now I can every scar
gonna risk it
let's go squad yeah oh yeah you say it's
so weird yeah I love you don't know how
good I am at football so I'm gonna put
the camera down me and my friends are
gonna do a couple hiccups probably a bit
more than a couple you guys we'll see
you day I cuckoo starts sssss stop
so yes I'm like around here I know back
again yo you just go in the frame I just
go go keep going we're going over you're
just going out of the frame I had a nice
trophy that's better right all right
let's go you're still alive your step
yeah it's good do my stretches
as soon as I said go for I was like oh
yeah all right they're doing FIFA Street
in real life my friends always like
taking each other on this even if the
wins
oh poor killer Oh best of all go see my
mother you guys aren't wait for this ah
my phone dropped is it is it
oh my screen cracked oh oh
it's not that bad actually it's not
reading the screen this is the first
time no in like two years
you should have put in the bag why isn't
it in the bag I was gonna put it down
ah yes I darn it guys no it's all
chipping off I know I might keep like
this or just get the screen repaired
maybe a new phone soon who knows so guys
my friend is taking the skateboard down
this yes Steve that's why I gave it to
you as I should I let me try get
balanced all right look don't blame on
me I I asked you if you want to do this
this is out your own will
it's deep I get off quick as soon as you
she gets last year Oh Steve dude I saw
my lion I just saw town buck in front of
my eyes hold it guys they're so steep I
didn't want to try it so I'll be giving
it to my friends to try re-size plenty
obviously I don't want to get in jail
alright record you from down here wait
lemme I'll go into this corner actually
picks up so much
I opened the gate why didn't ya
the thing is your party's gonna have to
hop off somewhere down there all right
but I don't know if you can do it cuz
this is besties oh oh yeah one step it's
so windy I go for it oh it was a piece
of effort is okay but it's so windy
everyone oh sure
alright let's kick what's going on man I
know I join again alright let's just say
it's rude safety okay
I already care see days I also had that
video we were fixing the tire
this guy this guy gets a mill for like
five people for himself huh oh yeah it's
true it's so dusty my screen let's go oh
my ball just fell everything in my
pockets falls all right so we're about
to make our way to Sainsbury's let's go
squat we may never been your marquee
when it's shopton hey Ross my daddy
what yeah a little bit hey Venus with a
shot down come on try me no time you say
but when a rider wants data because of
my case I don't know your so they don't
mind that's like little gigs is like
joke right so at the moment we're at
Sainsbury's guys I'm waiting for my
friends you have to go to the cash point
and get some money I don't know why but
he had to so waiting here
after that we're heading off home and
you're gonna say goodbye to this friend
he's gonna go he's gonna leave us today
no no yeah yes ago he's got some work to
do but I think Carrie is still staying
so I'm not sure about that gonna play
myself if I remember I played them ages
ago but I'm so sad I cracked my screen
guys I've literally never ever cracked
one of my screens before I've dropped my
phone a lot but it's just never cracked
so disappointing to see it let me down
this time yeah we should be home soon
and let's see how the day pans out you
my friend are going to KFC we need to
eat sir really
but here's KFC they don't actually have
like this ah I always forget to unlock
the car let me switch hands
where's my key I keep lose I I always do
this there we go
I always forget to unlock the door but
here the KFC I don't like you as much as
devices oh my phone let it dropped
outside again yeah it's already broken
today and I keep dropping it on
something shot went into my hand I'm not
sure what it is but yeah I preferred
device case because they have the spicy
fries and they don't have that here but
I don't mind I love case irregardless so
we're just going to go now I guess I'm
food to eat we're currently at KFC and
we're just waiting the queue is
ridiculous the takeaway queue anyways
we're the drive-through let's go I think
is that these guys are going but yeah
it's completely ridiculous you guys can
see in front of me is packed out but we
should be there soon hopefully give us a
couple minutes and we should have our
order place
thanks a lot okay I think that's it all
right all right let's actually wait do I
get my burger burger yes
all right time to go for already deuces
oh yah oh yah oh you can't y'all I
literally been saying deuces too much
yeah go home
KFC on fleek I'm sure you're gonna love
it
all right guys so I just think like a no
prank on you guys you follow me on
snapchat I put this snap saying you just
met you tuber guess who but obviously
it's not a youtuber it's my friend
that's been with me the whole day today
so I want to see if you guys think it
was a youtuber and I want to see your
guesses so keep you updated when people
do reply hopefully they do I don't I was
gonna say I don't know if you guys know
rappers I was gonna say it's a rapper in
UK balls like let me say youtuber just
to see who people might think I'm making
a video with or hanging out with an
authoress funny what you guys think
that's just wait for their flies it
should be funny
why because I think I've got a message
or D that's not about that damn it
guys I got our first message it says did
we KS I know your vote okay excise just
because all right guys this is another
message I'm guessing it's who I met I
think it's him Kaiser they actually
their kids I
I think it's him because to sound
obvious record is this either good this
video I met ksi ah that is too funny no
one else is replied yet that's funny
that's two people saying you're ksi does
he give me like a kiss I smile okay this
is wait for more man alright guys if
y'all followed me on snapchat please do
i died i just love snapchat now mohammed
do my link or my yeah it's all in the
description down there you know
another comment guys another bro is that
kobe Jesus oh I think I should you do to
like you you know I slay I know I know I
want to search up to me Jesus oh my god
this is a G images images images know
that ah look do you not yeah I do you
know I have nothing against a minute by
oh my god you guys are doing me oh yeah
yeah yeah I usually have it you have the
look guys follow his Instagram down
lalettan us I think you did at what is
it obviously alright guys so I just
uploaded my second video today it's been
half an hour and YouTube just hasn't
uploaded it properly to my subscribers
so I do encourage you guys if you have
twitter instagram facebook or any form
of social media which I have in the
description go ahead and add me or
follow me because every video I post I
literally share on all my social media
so you guys can keep up to date there
I highly advise it because sometimes
YouTube died for example today it's been
half an hour my video hasn't been
released to you guys now might want to
see it on time when it comes out so yeah
hi guys so it's currently at night my
friends leaving no he's going home but
here today was a chill day I was hanging
out my friend so if my hand is shaking
I'm holding like a heavy plastic bag
anyways guys if you enjoyed today's
video drop a like on the video today I
hang out with a couple of my friends
that I haven't seen in a long time I
just got back to London this is the
first time I melt with them again so it
was kind of a chill day today I didn't
vlog too much but I did my best to keep
you guys up to date with laws doing but
if you guys enjoyed today's video and
drop a like share and your friends I'll
see you with tourist video young let
y'all know abut my guys
