good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog we're finally back in action it's
half past 7 we didn't sleep the whole
night we're at side 24/7 and we're about
to go pick up kitty and bubbles I'm so
excited to see them again but I think
you saw yesterday we washed out like
4:00 a.m. so it's been like three hours
instead and I was struggling to upload
my video so if you guys haven't already
watched a video food crazy dancing
skills I thought go watch it now it was
just a whole mess uploaded it really lay
and had to take it down because of a
copyright issue but classes in the same
their car like I don't know warming it
up cuz we haven't used it a lot of time
so we should be good to go now and pick
up kit here bubbles and it's still not
likely you can see I'm not sure great I
turn the camera yeah you can see there's
line lines everywhere we just literally
poured some more on it to try and make
it a bit more clean than it is but I
think it worked out it's still a bit
dirty and one more thing this guy is
here as well
I know if you guys remember this guy he
just came in the morning we gave him
some food he was complaining
I think cuz we've been gone for a long
time but obviously he he was a street
cat as well so he was eating okay I
think I can fit in I let my sister come
out and then I'll just go in because the
space in between the bars is not enough
and I've already just scraped the lambo
or something
alright so our road trip begins now and
we're on our way to pick up kitty and
bubble as you can see never been out
this early in my life I have never been
woken up this early so
yeah basically we don't even know how to
check how many kilometers their car is
on it says 1500 but I think always the
sayings been changed it was very like a
trip or something so we need to sort
that out as well
morning sunshine and I feel so sleepy
all right I'm going we're gonna lie to
you guys this is a struggle just me yeah
they I slept when I was in London before
the flight but they had an old iron this
is another one I hear for themselves
doing worse on their case but oh who
cares at least I did yeah there you go
that's another we're getting closer to
the nice views I like the song of the
radio
guess what we're passing guys look at
that deals on wheels MacLaren's loads of
cars over there oh my god Lambos it's
too early for this we are here at the
pet hotel but they're not open until
8:00 so we're just waiting outside
there's a lady waiting also in her car
behind my sister yeah pet palace the
doors are open look at this look at
these cats they're two stray cats
outside
- coinciding at kitten bubbles right
inside and look at the doggies
do you recognize us do you know who we
are
or they lose their memory Bablu
so we're trying to get Bob lucky back
into that little kit
okay bubble yeah Kitty's in a bad bitch
that you left me I don't know how I can
see her she's back there
bob was just like happy bring out she
doesn't want to come out all right so
we're taking Kitty and Bob let's do the
dog section let's go quickly before they
get too scared that's why we oh my god
imagine taking cats or a dark section
but thankfully the doctor are there
oh my god all right so as you can hear
you've got Kitty or bubbles in the
backseat while I'm trying to comfort
them why are you adding to them here we
have to go home before they drive me
crazy over here at the McDonald's
drive-through just ordering a meal but
to be honest I'm gonna go home and sleep
in here after I wake up so go for it go
for it - two cheeseburgers or go watch
cheeseburger Nuggets one cheeseburger
and Nuggets
thank you we're taking a quick shopping
break let me grab that
I'm just getting some essentials so we
can eat because I'm gonna go home and
straight sleep have a couple hours of
sleep so I can wake up continue the vlog
and then start editing because my
schedule has been messed up completely
you guys already can see with the time
uploads my video I will do that like 4
a.m. in the morning like no one even
watched it so that's why I was like in
the vlog today go watch it if you
haven't seen it just because of the time
those upload it so it's quickly gonna go
pay we're just no no I was getting
actually game bye and all of these
things that you just got to go home
finally home I'm just quickly taking the
shopping out at the boot I swear I feel
like my nose is I got a mounted on top
of that I don't know if you can even see
it but my energy is killing my nose I
it's bumping up and swelling up so badly
but let's take all of these shoppings
inside and I'm just quickly gonna eat a
snack all right can you press the button
please oh yeah you press the button yeah
it's good as hit especially one I'm
going it's kitty and I'm not inside the
car all right
wait let me come back as off you know
just quickly gonna drop this suit up
inside and to top everything up we've
got this kitten can buy I'm not ready
kid this one complaining
forever complaining the busy it's like
sometimes I just feel like so like
everything's just too much it's just one
of them days I'm just like I feel sleepy
I feel tired and then this guy's
complaining but let's just try and stay
positive because what else can we do
this guy's not even like what are you
doing what's up he's not letting me walk
all right that's good this way all right
so we're finally inside with Kitty and
bubbles there we go just run run in
different directions go go quickly
kitties I oh my god I'm home over I
heard she's running to and then bubbles
just patrolling the place are they
chasing each other can't even keep up oh
he's gone straight upstairs Kiana
straight upstairs and bubbles gone
straight to his favorite place the
kitchen
kitty Shh all right I don't know what I
was doing his long trying to find his
own house he's gone to his room I'm
trying to follow them anyways for now
I'm gonna quickly eat and go sleep for a
couple of hours so I'll see you guys
after I wake up I'm just super tired and
need to take a small sleeping break
because I haven't slept in a while
so I'll see you off for that this is
what I have to deal with the guys when I
want to sleep first day back and I
haven't slept the whole night come I was
you can do it and now I just hear kitty
complaining come on go see go see what
keys up to straight up come on come on
let's go see what Q is up to you
there we go his wife's there kitty she's
scared all right look you're reunited
now go play she's under the bed
I'll see you and now about was all right
so I just woke up guys and guess what
happened while I was asleep it's pretty
funny but all the stuff we sent over got
here today which is pretty weird it's
early it's a good thing I guess but look
all the boxes there's 12 boxes over
there around the corner as well but
we're just sitting here editing my
videos it's currently not 4 o'clock and
our cats are going wild they're so happy
like there's bubbles so happy to be back
we even have the old G's we even have
the outdoor guy he loves to sit there
and just look at us but bubbles and
Kitty are just having playtime at the
moment I'm quickly gonna edit my video
so I make sure to theses not as late as
yesterday's which was just a crazy day
it was like I got off the airplane and I
thought learning they got home had
copyright issues had the sports or that
out I was just crazy but at least the
cats having fun that I was here then we
have key and that don't want me Oh silly
boy we just met him so don't worry about
that he's not hungry and then we have
key and what what you've just eaten as
well yeah that's been the day so far
all right so about to start opening some
of the boxes that we've sent over just
to check everything is fine in them so
yeah let's go you got a knife you better
stay away because I yeah you're gonna
pick it up more you we're back in
business guys we're back in business
it's starting up I try to pull this side
oh yeah oh you haven't even cut it yet
okay everything looks good so far
exactly how we left it my jumpers okay
so I'll just take the whole box upstairs
yeah this is my stuff all right
we're just gonna be doing that for a
couple hours so I'll let you know if
anything interesting happens but I just
wanted to keep you updated look at this
favorite jumper I'll wear it later on to
show you all right so my sister is
unwrapping a lot of her paintings you
can see a bit through the bubble wrap
but I'm not going to show you too much
because I've got plans for videos with
them in the future so I'm gonna go
upstairs now I've got a better idea look
above was just playing I'm actually
gonna go and turn on my swegway I
haven't done that in a long time
and I just don't like it so let's go and
play
alright so it's been a long time I'm not
sure if I can
oh oh oh yeah
there we go we're back in action guys we
are back in action this is so much fun I
forgot I know I can't even make it past
these obstacles it's so tight in here
that I'm not even sure why I should go
through that there's so many suitcases
can I make it can I make it not too
tight that's quickly been a drive push
this there yeah we're making space or
making space so many boxes as well but
oh geez we're stuck again we are stuck
little time alright so I'm back out here
guys I'm quickly going to the
supermarket on my skateboard then good
old days you know I can grab a list
which I got from my mom so I'm gonna do
a bit of food shopping wall this
skateboard is super weird just riding in
the middle of the street no carrots even
but there's no cars here so not on this
tree anyways man when I get to the Main
Street obviously I'm going to take more
precaution so just quickly gonna go buy
a bit of food hopefully there's not too
much wind like I like the flip screen
because it kind of blocks the wind where
the microphone is oh yeah I'm really
gonna go do some shopping and get back
home today has been such a messy day
everything is just been going on but I
guess that's like the first day for
everything especially since we also got
all of our stuff on the first day that
we got back that just made everything a
bit more busy
alright we're finally home I'm sweating
I'm completely hot but there we go cars
out front actually kind of clean I'm not
even in a light it doesn't look clean
visually but it's really not yeah there
she comes
no she comes there there she comes
there she comes there she comes
here is the meowing cat are you forgot
actually how to ride it
right do a u-turn do a u-turn do a it's
not safe it's not safer yeah obviously
not you with what with handles that yeah
you wanna proper say yeah record outside
Cash's right behind the window anyways
guys we would do more videos with this
in the near future but I'm gonna end the
vlog right here hopefully you did enjoy
skating late so why not have it here if
you did enjoy smash the like button
let's try and get 800 for the first day
back to divide annoy dollars just around
the number by 800 I don't know but let's
try and hit that and I appreciate all
your support just bear with me the last
couple of days have been really messy
because of the blooming and stuff like
that but yeah we'll see you guys next
time
good bye good bye guys hey guys I'm
trying to see how it feels like to blog
and what the cool the swegway thing
we'll try the swegway thing they can see
there okay there's not easy as it seems
like a lot of practice to get into it so
yeah it's only good if you talk my
goodness
but it's turning the wrong way
