good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today is go time I've currently
taken all the big suitcases downstairs
taxis waiting so let's head off to the
airport
Alanis dropped one all right so it's go
time guys you filled up the taxi - is so
just going out stairs and I'm pretty
much in here alone but look at this
everything is just packed up I'm tired I
just had to literally carry all those
suitcases downstairs we've got so many
but down that's literally everything now
so I can just sit and relax until the
airport
I think you guys
basically didn't own
I've been awake for 24
all right so we're on the way to the
airport right now as much as there was
saying I think anyways I'm not too sure
she's just in the back sleeping on my
mom's lap yeah there you go that's them
find me at the airport
my sister's behind that if you can see
it my mom is obviously in front right
there verifying you here today is that
the messiest day ever like it was
raining now we're under this like
laughing but it was raining outside that
my sister can't even push our own
trolley it's just a mess today I'm just
glad we're here now let's just go soar
out if we can even take all of this
luggage because we've got three twenties
and we're three people so you've already
tell it's a lot of stuff
so everything was successfully put in I
don't know how it will manage to go with
amount of weight we had we couldn't even
see it because normally we like try and
look how much it weighed but now it's
all the hand luggage to go and just
catch our flight I'm literally so
showered right now I don't I don't even
know I don't even look that bad I think
it's you know the swag makes it look I'm
joking but you that's yourself out take
these and cap Trump like there's a one
hour delay so that shouldn't be a
problem with catching our flight for
finding a favorite restaurant with
you know and we just pointed out for you
so hopefully it comes to got always get
my pizza my sister always gets her
passed out
my mom always gets her chicken and the
chicken yet so he literally every time
we get the exact same thing I think
we're just we stuck to our favorite dish
to be honest it was all her stuff and my
stuff was already packed
and I still feel tired even though I
slept the whole thing it's again we're
just gonna have our food a tea you'll be
good my food finally came I wanted to
show you I'm a simple guy just one
kapitsa then we have my sister's dish
over there which is some pasta things
she likes and then finally my mom's
chicken we're just about to eat and
after that I think we'll just are we
gonna go to the lounge after or just
pretty is gonna walk around until the
gates are open because I don't know
where the language is fear yeah I've
been here I think the Emirates lounge is
closed and they told us that we have to
use the British Airways one so I think
we'll just leave it
I'm working
I'm going to jammed
no there's one hour delay one hour delay
one hour baby
I ends with my food so my sister got her
honey finally was it showed him so
basically it's all right who cares no
one cares
so me and my mom are in Cafe de niro
we're just picking out some drinks
yes I'm not having anything my mom's
just happening like a Nazi or something
I was gonna have a hot chocolate but
then I was like so what a nice sandwich
is they have again I'm really picky I
don't like any like salad stuff so
that's why we're on our way to go inside
my sister wanted me to carry that but
I'm carrying my fruit here's you know
all right let's go I'm making it guys
our gate open
walking fast faces pass in a moment that
I didn't realize my hat was dragging
across the floor for the arm that's
disgusting - just / - why we're just
about tonight and I'll see what's really
right
all right so we just touched down guys
literally most about like was transits
of my people going to other countries
and they all stop back there they're
just panicky it's so bad I think they
all should make their mitres all that
bad for them because I saw big groups of
people collecting yeah that's tomorrow
morning we're picking them up between
8:00 and 10:00 so here to see them
tomorrow we haven't seen them in a long
time
and then I actually met one of you on
the plane the guy was like it was like
he was like do you have a laugh oh that
was the first question
now that yes you know you have VG videos
two three so I just had I to it that was
pretty much it yeah you're awesome
all my fans I love you guys supporting
me in love we need to go pick up our
luggage we're so late and in this move
we're just standing on this line little
because it's moving like a 1 mile an
hour or something like that really
stoked so we should pick up our baggage
I'm just super shy and I need to upload
my video right now so I don't know how
that's gonna happen that's why like I
know what video it's going to be able to
be like two three days ago and it would
have been uploaded at like 12:00 London
Times 3 a.m. to buy time probably that's
one that's probably gonna go off and not
even too sure so I'm sorry about that
it's just as I was traveling so you
finally come through immigration and
stuff like that and now we're in there
for all we need to do now is collect the
baggage and the first thing I'm going to
do is not even leave here we're gonna
actually quickly go to a coffee shop
because I need to upload my video super
late as I said but it's okay how do we
need 2 or 3 I think these are bigger so
we get 2 all right so I just want to
show you a bit more of the airport I
think looks really nice all these
pillars and bright lights and everything
just add I think I've showed you this
before and let even the roof I don't
even know I'm showing you guys anymore
see my sister's is waving to you guys in
the background and we've got so much
luggage that I don't even know how we're
gonna find it well it's just gonna be a
mess so my brother decided that you will
pick up all the suitcases on its own so
let's see how it goes the first one
I won five final to you
well that's mine just check the tag bow
yeah it's mine cuz I've painted over my
good
what you gotta say for the camera and he
goes in and it takes it and touchdown
that's it
squad is rolling out me first followed
by my sister and my mom you know squad
yeah the Train to to how we're going
guys they've got the defense system at
the back and then we've got me the
leader we're just about to go through
the place where they check if you have
anything to declare so I'm gonna stop
recording before they find me suspicious
time to upload my video at Casta all
right so we're hearing Kosta you can see
we're all sitting having drinks now the
reason I came we stop those my video
unfortunately the Wi-Fi here in the
airport blocks YouTube I think for
safety reasons but it's all good because
my sister has Wi-Fi on a phone I'm just
going to use that to upload my video so
fingers crossed everything is going to
go good or scenario I'll just have to go
home and upload it and we'll just take
an extra 1 hour so it's not too bad it's
just a very late video
alright guys we arrived
cameras so good I had no I'm always
always tell
the night mission is bringing amazingly
is destroy because
car but you can see me so
why why is it not focusing
all right so we're finally here guys you
can see everything is still in its place
all the luggage is just on the floor so
I'm just gonna show you that I look how
dirty the car is well this is super
dirty not sure about that Lambo it's
under it to cover us but I'm gonna head
off inside I think I'm gonna do an
all-nighter today I'm not too sure but
let me just get all this luggage in and
I'll talk to you after that all right so
we're finally inside guys let me see
what is that is that lizard anyways guys
I'm gonna wrap up this look here I'm
just gonna bring everything inside and
that's gonna be the end of todays vlog
kind of technically however is by I'm
gonna do an all-nighter so tomorrow's
vlog is gonna start really early I'm not
too sure I'm the bossy I'm gonna say I'm
gonna do an all-nighter we have to see
about that so hopefully you enjoyed
today's vlog it's been super messy and
tiring if you did smash the like button
and you leave suggestions of videos I
can do out here for now I'll see you
guys later it's your turn she's got like
an allergy problem yellow yellow yellow
yellow is he got their goodbye
the first thing we're doing now that
we're back is quickly washing the Range
Rover tomorrow morning we're gonna go
out oh my god
alright shall I turn up alright okay
alright so we're quickly it's 4:00 a.m.
I'm are quickly distorting war what you
want to do all right Jonah hold the
camera another
am i okay wait let me quickly scrap this
guy's um pull it across the helper yeah
it's literally half past four okay I'm
gonna go turn up so you get a bit more
water power is that more yes we're back
in action oh my god I don't know how
well you can see but it's super dusty
wait the front is now tidy but no was
that you the key oh you have the key
some final touches on the car looks all
tidied up now no more dust PS this is
just an extra I just had to hurry up
load my video which was the one that
said everything is gone I'm probably
gonna rename it as well I'm not too sure
but it was because of a copyright issue
I had on the video so I'm really sorry
about that I'm just quickly reuploading
it now so the video is gonna be later
than they just bear with me I'm sorry
