good morning what the hell did you just
hear that I'm not going crazy right like
the dead log just gone what what uh what
is that I wrote welcome back to another
vlog here in New York today is currently
day two and we are about to have an
amazing day
yo I don't know what it is every single
time I'm in a hotel
somehow the fire alarm goes off a few
moments later now that the fire alarm is
done going off right now we are about to
head out hopefully by the time we come
back the house is not burnt down or the
whole hotel because it's a good we're
checking out we're checking out it's
fine nothing dude click me bro my hotel
right now anyways guys right now by my
side you just join me and we're about to
head out so let's go you already know
New York
we are coming oh oh I think it's time I
wore my new easy let's see them
I think you it should I do it oh my god
they actually look nice if I wear that
my heart's gonna hurt that's why you buy
stuff okay no don't do that they're
actually nice look at that oh ah this is
a test the whole time yeah oh this is
just please disregard this is just a
test okay I think it's time we left the
building guys there's a squirrel there's
a squirrel
it's digging hey come back so right now
you've come over to Central Park and
we're walking around here's the thing we
actually want to fly the drone but I'm
not sure if it's illegal or not okay so
we're gonna do it anyways because we're
savages but if we get arrested its sigan
strong oh listen if we got arrested make
sure you're subscribed because you do
not want to miss out on our jail time
listen listen if police comes the drone
is his village before guys sleeping he
has no idea what's about that I dare you
to land on that guy while he's sleeping
so we're in a tough situation right now
I'm just gonna throw it the drone won't
even take off yeah it cannot take off
cannot take off in no-fly zone there bro
we have to find the place where we are
allowed to drive we can't fly because
it's in a no-fly zone and the drone
knows it how is it how does a drone know
oh yeah ready to go bro take it off take
it off Queeny Queeny oh my god guys I
don't know what just happened the drone
is flying this is so weird
oh it worked
it works broke their goodness check it
out the drone is flying this is insane
Oh Duke
guys the drone is right above me
this is the best moment of my life
it's Lenny well we actually stay inside
a fly zone so apparently the spot we are
right now is actually a fly zone I don't
know how he managed to find it ordered
oh so we're staying here success yeah
all right anyways there you go flying
successful that was legit insane right
there I just want to say a big thank you
to sigan because today the only day
where I wear my Easy's he's decided to
come mountain climbing hook the climbing
bro thank you you're welcome
the only day where I varies ease our
legit hiking up mountains to go droning
look at this Oh
hands up we didn't do anything right so
right now we're walking around Central
Park
we found the cutest dog ever check this
out oh how are you
oh it's stretching bro guys this is good
Poli it's like the most adorable dog
ever it's the size of like my hand did
you see that dog it was legit the size
of my hand it's an actual living
organism you can't just have it to look
at it you need to take care but what
about feed it yeah and you can't yeah
what is it luggable its its vlog bro and
then what after you still have to take
care of oh I've got four cats you take
care of it
hey Lana Lana we need that dog New York
is just amazing there's cute dogs
there's cute human beings there's cute
everything
listen Spanish girls where you at dawg a
few moments later what is going on
this is ridiculous right now so right
now we just made it back to the hotel
room it's been five hours and the fire
alarm is still going on oh all right
anyways boys right now he create made a
pit stop back at the hotel
number one the alarm is annoying us so
badly but number two I know this sounds
bad guys but I actually just got robbed
in New York this is the worst day of my
life ah I was right how he actually came
in the road to vlog the fire alarm won't
stop in though so I don't know what's
happened but here's the thing boys as I
said right now when we're on our way
home from the park I actually ended up
getting robbed okay now here's the thing
I didn't get physically robbed flight
nobody took my money I gave somebody
like two hundred dollars and you were
supposed to give me the change for it
but it's giving me $200 of change they
ended up gave me like fifty well like I
couldn't tell cuz I didn't count it so
they gave me like two ten dollars
instead of like ten think I think you
got like a $1 yeah so I know that sounds
really bad guys but honestly I just want
to use this time instead of complaining
because it's already happened guys just
make sure you pay attention whenever you
pay somebody money I know it sounds bad
but instead of giving me $10 they gave
me a bunch of $1 and I never counted it
so yeah alright guys we are now way to
dinner and I have a big surprise for mo
guess what before you can see guests now
in the comment section we always be
nicer me I have a surprise who's gonna
be who's that gonna be who's that gonna
be you caught it
alright guys so right now we came down
some dinner with my man likes to get
hurt you know where our Ebro lend on the
word a Long Island City Queens guys if
you don't know my boy Dex actually owns
a ton of restaurants right now we're at
his restaurant
we're having some dessert oh yeah my
feet it's time to introduce our special
guest look who's back we don't like
Stephanie this year guys I think you
guys performances are way more than
anybody else and we're here having some
dinner today
so right now we just finished having
dinner with Lex and Stephanie and the
whole crew and we're heading back to the
hotel so tired man I'm jet-lagged it's
like 6:30 in the morning in Dubai now
super fun catching up with everyone so
DJ Carmelo Camilo yo alright boys back
at the hotel right now I just made it
back over to the room and what a day
what a day it has been so as you saw
tonight we just met up with Stephanie
and Lex again and oh boy I know the
conversations already gonna be just
about Stephanie
honestly guys it was so good seeing her
because I haven't seen her for like ever
like since our last trip in America I
know just it was cool hanging out let's
just say that I know you guys you guys
are gonna do the talking for me in the
comment section but honestly it was just
a cool time hanging out with them super
super nice but honestly guys I know I
did have looked too much when we were
with her here's the thing honestly I
just wanted to hang out and not like you
guys understand what I'm trying to say I
just wanted to hang out and chill for a
little bit anyways I'm actually gonna
end of today's video here but there you
go we finally read up with Stephanie
again I think we're gonna be seeing her
again so don't worry guys don't worry
it's okay you'll see her again
okay don't worry about it we are gonna
meet up with them again hopefully
Bria guys as always I just wanna say I
love you guys all listen if you're new
around here subscribe and yeah listen
I'm doing a giveaway of an iPhone X if
you want to win subscribe and comment
down below and that's it but yeah
anyways as always I'll see all of your
amazing faces tomorrow on another vlog
so stay tuned more cool things to come
and yeah I love you Yolo Yolo
