hey guys I was at mode here and welcome
to another video now recently I've been
getting a lot of questions asking what
my sister's first car is or what you
guys in London so today I want to clear
that up for you guys
this is my sister and this is her first
car so now we're going to give you a
walkthrough fit her car is a six series
of black six series this was her first
car she bought it a couple years ago
like three for how many years ago yeah
three or four years ago this is it I'm
going to give you some shots I put more
vlogs my channel name also her Instagram
is down in the description make sure to
follow so let's give you a walk for
rough around the cars we've got her
rings which are how many inches they're
kind of big I saw there are 21 they 19
yeah 20 or 19 inches then we come to the
back her car is a 3 liter I'm pretty
sure two exhausts much nicer than mine
and there we go my vlogs at the back now
going round we also have let's go into
the interior now we got a wash today
super Krete oh and I'll show them the
other side so interior she got a cream
leather interior with a black finish
basically yeah this is it this is the
system I like the black wooden finish to
it and it's actually a really
comfortable car and I like the switch
between sports mode which is really fun
to drive also has a much needed cup
holder for everyone who wants to drink
and yeah I hope you enjoyed it
ok so guys this was my sister's first
car hopefully you guys enjoyed it it's
pretty nice car for your first car I
guess so but yeah if you guys enjoyed
this video hopefully this cleared up a
lot of your questions it's my sister's
first car and we'll see you guys next
time
deuces
bye-bye
