good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so I'm starting today's vlog a bit
late it's almost 3 o'clock and the
reason is I've just been procrastinating
today I haven't done anything I've
literally been seeing playing games on
my iphone today all of these things
aren't going hopefully today if not then
it's probably gonna go back to I know
you could you just split the screen so I
can see and yeah we've got just loads of
cabinets pretty much some extra things
got some painting things are gonna go
and that should be the end of everything
to go so yeah everything's gonna get
cleared out today my friend is coming
round in like an hour or half now not
too sure exactly went but I'm not
staying at home any longer today I've
been so bored I don't have internet I
don't have my TVs they're also gone
everything is gone so yeah everything is
about to go you can see this space is
empty but the stuff is going downstairs
I'm just helping out that's why I
haven't been recording much at the end
when it all goes I'll show you
everything it's gone we've just got that
one more thing here and that's out the
side all of this yeah we difficult
near my bleep I was all us doing hey
this is what this boss is here
I look at this spider is that spider oh
all right let me go close then I'll go
close up oh my god I'm scared to go
close to the fire not sure man
gonna see ya
so we got everything out now we're just
gonna say goodbye to it and this is
pretty much the last day of packing
before we go everything is finely packed
me and my boy putting the muscle meuk I
carry you know and that's it you can see
nothing's outside nobody's waiting
they won't took everything and now it's
just little bits and bobs but we're
gonna go quickly to Josh's house do you
guys know Josh right you know Usain Bolt
I couldn't move my video and then see
what we can do after that
Juicy's I'm just ordering some Nando's
they put me on hold for some reason
hello I think oh I ended the coop if she
forgot about me all right well that was
a fail attempt that you're getting
Nando's giant she said one second all
right your boy place is border gonna
quickly go pick it up he's it look there
I'm busy I are literally we're racing to
say you could get well it wasn't really
a race I called them like 50 times
before him first time I actually ended
the cool on them because they put me on
hold and I didn't know if they were
coming back but then second time they
came back to the phone quick well just
keep going and they're just prime time
yes actually
before I start doing Fitness and even
less this is actually gonna be the worst
day ever
because I'm just gonna eat
all right before your diet I want to
show you guys this so you guys knew I
bought this tripod yesterday my friend
James or my boy boy bro anything you
want to call him
so before no maybe what was I saying I
forgot so as I'll say before I kept
stumbling you guys knew I bought this a
couple weeks ago two weeks ago or
something and yesterday my boy James he
gave me this well then this is like a
mini version of this lychee you don't
wanna say yesterday I actually did the
same thing yesterday you know and I put
this on it I was like you're not my dad
get off me it's like a little piggy back
these guys no good hand in hand mini
thing on here it actually holds up so
this is an extra piece to my whole stuff
you know we're doing it big out here now
but my boy James recording him from the
inside quickly stopped at the petrol
station
you know pumping the gas so dark all
right I'm gonna vlog backwards because
the lighting is good numbers is like two
minutes away we're gonna grab our take
away go wait what are you doing oh yeah
I turned around literally I'm back I
need the good lighting where are we
gonna go Greeley upload my video and
everything should be good for today I'm
vlogging vlogging Oh innocent now you
want to see the bytes
alright takeaway was taking too long so
actually just walking in to order should
be good my boy James is getting his
drink finished up but look I'm gonna
show you the system they have alright so
you push that to get ice
and then they've got all of these
selections I've showed you disguise in
like one of my vlogs ages ago but not
what wait where's the fan uh there's no
fan uh oh my god
all right coke then we'll go for Coke
orange have you ever had that before and
then if you push this I think I've never
tried this so I'm only gonna try a bit
and then fit up if I like it
mind you bye look guys I love my expand
I really want to go on this and this
right away but times
hashtag squad skills she was that the
backflip told me acting like I need you
all right guys we out here we out here
in the couch here we out cheer that
that's my friend's house the car I
showed yesterday what joy say yeah he's
actually wearing right I don't know if
you guys saw the Kanye West like fashion
line he's my friend's top actually looks
like that James gave us both these tops
their years actually baited your house
oh my god but yeah where did you leave
my other friend Chris lives right down
there like two minutes you see that
house at the end of this road he's right
there
and we're gonna go play some games my
friend is coming and I don't know how to
drop the news that the only reason we
told him to come just to vlog me see how
this goes sup Chris go by the way like I
told you to come because I need it's on
to blog me blog me my my G Chris so
we're playing 21 out here James is on
six and the rest of us are on one oh
okay I'm straight after James ah yeah
just to score again seven one one look
at that the sky looks awesome in it
Wow yeah that looks amazing kai going
for a shot go for it you got you got the
amazing scenery yeah make the shot yeah
35 K are so first but back to the sky is
my turn now I'm gonna go this has been
the longest game with 21 we've ever
played I look the skies turned dark from
the last time I've logged it it's just
completely run dark I'm on 19 Chris on
20 James on 20 and carries on like 18 so
are all literally towards the end we
just can't finish
I'm just going to be checking I'm
logging 19 cars are 90 I this is the
ending yeah yeah he's on 19 is or now
he's on 19 kai oh alright stop the ball
from Edo I stopped the book
you're such oh god and that is it yeah
once I end it right now
Sophie I take it is it oh but he's on
the ton ears all hi Jeffrey Chris nice
and it seemed like 50 of these I can't
look this anymore
it's just empty Chris and your boys
career MJ final straw ah side from the
new zg said the whole game ian james
could have written end of the game it is
completely dark now like I mean mega
dark you can see I don't know my
birthday oh I could see you with your
flashlight I know it doesn't look too
dark on the camera but it's just because
it enhances it a little for you guys I
think it automatically so we're about to
keep calling it a day here we can see
you you can see shining telling ghost
stories I know I'll check when I edit
the video I do it one more time so just
in just in case just like okay okay I'll
try to do it perfectly like ghost
stories once in this park yeah there was
a little boy and he was never seen again
BHO flex under Brooke I hope you like
that cinnamon cinnamon cinematography
was it good cinnamon mmm is it cinnamon
I can't say two words why the picture
looks pretty good yeah actually it
brightens the off light even in this
night Galliano all right this is hi okay
obviously cuz we're roll with the man
we're gonna be walking on wrong yeah
no cars behind us though safety first
safety first the other your little
family squad you know see that Chris
will say goodbye you know spud be rad
safe see tomorrow maybe yeah I love the
lighting you're perfect i now's not a
nice car Oh home time I so me and James
Billy dropped off Kyrie I forgot I
forgot to do their you know the perfect
type of thing the spud on camera to say
goodbye or just quit me heading over now
take a look at the roads at night no
soggy
it's nice down
super tighten we just got to make these
like Sundays it's completely packed out
you can see autumn cars they actually
some nice pimped up cars
I don't even so the green one over there
but me and mimei are quickly about to
need to get something and then we're
heading off after that I don't know why
he'd be Palace but look how busy is
super busy
am I getting McFlurry from myself should
I not sure I'm not sure so packed on
Sundays like this area just generally
because Krispy Kreme sort of opposite
we've got Sainsbury's just around the
corner so the parking here was packed
and I'm impact everyone just putting
their cars trying to show them yeah yeah
I could I'll see you bastard luggage
sorry guys those are pretty quiet a nice
couple the light kicked out whoa whoa so
darn nice couple of pimped out cause I'm
just gonna go home continue the vlog
dare cuz you know your boy it's not
looking that great in this darkness but
now that's good wait I don't know what
that guy just pointed up you know I know
sure yeah I'll see that bro in a bit mom
goodbye so I just got a hold my sister's
just chillin so what's been going on
today huh oh yeah but it still looks
like a mess bit anyways I'm gonna wrap
up the vlog here say you're out roll
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully you're enjoying these blogs
goodbye deuces gang
