good morning guys welcome to another
vlog today the house is a complete mess
I'm going to show you guys can you see
all of that dust everything the covers
are off the couch and I need to Hoover
but I thought of a great idea why can't
I Hoover with my ioho I think if I just
stand on it like this and go around
hoovering it should be pretty cool so
I'm gonna get my mom to come and record
me way they finish rearm yeah I'm gonna
get my mom to come and record me
hoovering with this and see if it's
actually fast or not hi guys I'm going
to start
all the wild reach time to test out the
hog board with the Hoover that seat is
actually faster than me doing it around
so
the total water vapor had its benefits
which was I could go straight on back
boss thank you guys so you can pretty
much for it to go over this language I
don't have enough to do but I wasn't
paying attention so hope you guys
enjoyed that short vacuuming I'm gonna
go be a company now
probably with the hoverboard still won't
see it so
alright guys I want to show you how
bubble is is holding keys had this guy's
like gar in a headlock in that don't
make noise
nope he's gonna wake her up her face I
think I'm so sorry
nose we can cue up and now he'll be
quiet like a key she's gone under let's
get to sleep bubbles please use I really
put me with this guy all right I'm gonna
go anyways guys I feel super sick today
still if you guys watched yesterday's
not you know my throat was killing me
the medication is helping a little but
oh I don't touch her why did I come like
I think I woke them up no I'm sorry I'm
gonna leave peace just got follow people
so annoying so I'm about to go have a
shower and I thought why not do some
push-ups and exercise before it so let's
get started if you're at home and you
haven't exercised for a long time do it
as well all right set to guys let's go
all done I'm believing a lie guys I only
did two sets of 10 push-ups and 10 stops
and I'm dying chilling on the floor by
the way guys I want to tell or use this
time wait let me hold it in my left hand
to tell you guys to follow us on our
social media please pretty much it helps
you guys be updated when my videos are
out a lot of time I have a problem with
YouTube and like they don't upload my
video or show it to my subscriber feed
until like 20 minutes after it's
uploaded our social media links will be
down in the description this is my
Instagram demo underscore blogs
underscore my sister's is also down in
the description so take your time right
now and go check us out on everything I
or teasing bubbles what you doing
yeah try again here you go Bob with your
foods that ear off the table bubbles did
I why'd you keep annoying me
oh oh you would say it the thing is I
don't think he actually eats a guy's he
just literally plays with it and I see
if we can scroll across no it doesn't
work
tails cannot be used as a mouse guys
alright guys so I'm quickly going out to
buy some groceries I'm taking the car
you know so let's quickly go ahead and
unlock it
wait why is it why is it not unlocking I
don't know wait I think you should I
meant I meant that car guys there we go
it's unlocked
time to go I'm sorry I had to do that
guys I just had to we're gonna make our
way to the shops right now and be back
with some food
holy guys this is so fast when you go
okay I don't know what's happening it
keeps beeping at me I think I'm going
too fast too late let me see I don't
know
guys you see that beep if any of you
know let me know why beeps I think I'm
going too fast I'm not sure let me know
down in the description if you guys know
because it scares me and I kind of slows
down I'm not sure but let's go to the
super the fact that it has lights it
just lights up everywhere like you can
see we're walking through this anyway
and because of this I have lights that's
pretty cool right it's like a torch in
the dark super empty at night and I'm
just this guy going around with a lit up
always this part of the road is super
bumpy yeah it's super dark and I'm just
a random guy in the night going around
with a weird Segway type of thing that
no one probably knows about hitting the
top speed and whoa look at this I'm
lighting up the whole barrier the
fountain just started perfect as I'm
coming by with my scooter your boy is
drifting round circles in the middle of
the street living life on the edge Wow
joking there's no cars around us I'm
doing it okay I realized a flaw in the
way I was riding this okay is the fact
that I need to have the lights front way
so if a car comes towards me they can
probably see me much better this way so
I finally got to the supermarket and
look at this this was so heavy to carry
inside the Segway was I was working with
it like a minute and oh my god my back
hurts so much it is like when you stand
there too long your feet start to hurt
industries market now we should be done
soon by our things like no hope and I
love this song
finally got home or next to home anyways
carrying my shopping bags well this
thing is actually not that great for
that long distance especially on
pavements because you're a calf muscle
aches land I mean super 8 but we're home
you guys can see right next to the car
and stuff wait can you get right no time
see you can yeah you can see the blue
shine on the car but yeah I'm gonna go
inside I can't record obviously when I'm
picking this thing up it's super heavy
obviously came with my beautiful mom she
was doing the recording for you guys so
if you enjoyed make sure you hit the
like button for her I can't stop
laughing at this picture this is why I
had for my thumb now if you guys
couldn't see it big it was I edited a
Ferrari wheel and fire and that was my
drifting video I just love the thumb now
it just makes me laugh every time I look
at it I don't know maybe it's just me
anyways guys today has been longer
pretty much gonna end the vlog here I'm
just sitting here and I'm gonna just say
this again I know I said it my last
mother but and you want something me
snapchats
tweets Facebook messages and things like
that or even YouTube comments and I
don't reply - I'm really sorry like
especially on snapchat Facebook when I'm
online or even opening the snapchats
a lot of the time I just flick through
it like I just get loads of things and I
want to take them away so I just flick
through and then go back quick I just
press the picture and then release it
all ever so I don't really actually see
it but it says I'll open it so that is
why so I'm sorry if it looks like I'm
not replying or stuff like that I do by
the some on occasion might know
occasionally I'm not actually but just
nowhere near close to all of them my
name is if you guys enjoyed today's vlog
drop that like button subscribe tell
your friends about me and ya young
lejano and I'll see you guys next time
deuces
