you always have to remove it you have to
always read the intro good morning guys
and welcome to another vlog now
currently sitting here you can see my
crazy sister back there today I actually
woke up at the moment it's 12 o'clock
woke up in the morning like everything
start dinner I woke up at like seven
eight o'clock
took a shower and I was supposed to go
to the dentist and right before I left
they called being canceled it and then I
went back to sleep
like three four hours and woke up at
twelve so today's morning with a bit
hectic but I just think you say what I
doubted in see what is she doing who's
whose shoes I do what are those - what
are those what I love
well I'm not sure I think today my
friends were planning on going go I
think you got changed to football so I'm
not too sure what's gonna happen exactly
we'll just have to see I'm quickly going
to upload like two blocks today because
yesterday I told you our internet is
going to get carved today but it didn't
happen so far so hopefully I can edit
one more video put it out and all I need
to do is just go to like a coffee shop
and press public so that's the plan for
today let's just see how it goes my
sister is super weird I'm gonna show you
what she's done to her eye she literally
looks like a pirate do you know when
spongebob says aye aye captain aye aye
cap then where's your other head
basically she's been rubbing her eyes so
much that this was the best idea to
cover it so she can't rub it anymore I
don't know it was like her - yeah I
don't know why I was hurting I think I
think it's gonna fuck dude I'm not sure
infected house infects the eye but it's
okay
that their close-up of the eye is it
right like scratch it right my sister's
idea yeah yeah my mom did she thought
but this is a good idea because you
won't stop scratching her so this action
makes you stop oh yeah that's my weird
sister and that's her part today
does it not pull your hair off there if
I drop on the table it's started pulling
my hair off okay going oh get it going
oh boy oh wait I didn't get it
my sister actually looks like a complete
nerd like you actually don't realize how
bad you look yeah the yellow you
actually look like a nerd yeah yeah
those are my mom's glasses by the way if
you guys were wondering my mom the Gucci
glasses they don't look good on ya so
look how dirty my shoes are from
yesterday walking in the grass I'm about
to go play football my friends by know
you guys have had enough so I'm gonna
try and convince my sister to continue
to vlog at home I don't know do what she
wants with it let's see you guys seem to
enjoy her blogging so let's go ask her
right on the spot if she wants to vlog
well the vlog wants to know if you have
logged for them my sister's room is
getting make over make Tovar okay I am
cleaning today we cannot blog I'm sorry
but unless you guys want us to get in
places on time we cannot go anywhere
totally so you're rejecting the vlog no
I'm not rejecting Lelo I'm just saying
that look I'm leaving the camera at home
so did your G
warned of living at me clean papers nope
doing look at this room this is make is
a make alright you know what they look
at my sister's two favorite teddy bears
this is um yeah I don't know his name
that's somebody and then this is most
what's this one's name Wolfie this is
Whoopi really I just named it oh okay
look this one I wanted no sushi I'm
gonna leave the camera with you so try
and do anything okay you guys can say
goodbye to me cuz I'm gonna go football
I know how much you guys hate me bugging
football that much alright guys so I
just finished playing football my
friends we're just about to kick off and
have some food alright the angle there
it's not good for blogging
but the reason I'm vlogging is I'm not
sure if my sister is vlogging at all I
hope she is and I hope it turns out good
but this is just a filler for the vlog
I'm gonna quickly go eat and then meet
up with my family at the end of this
dumb skating my way home I should love
skateboarding you can actually do it
pretty much everywhere on these penny
boards unless it's really bumpy and
today's weather is absolutely perfect
now I'm sorry for the quality of this
image it's just I'm filming on my iPhone
I gave my camera to my sister my other
camera was out of battery so just
waiting for my friends to get around the
corner because I've got an advantage and
I'm going to go home off of that alright
we out here with the boys you know
so slope so they go down there
we're gonna catch you up that's it I'm a
booster and go down above these joint I
try one discipline st I try it on the
street I go for it she oh you guys
actually can't even do anything
you
you got I flopped it guys I I'm very
curious wants to try hi this is going to
be mad from the top by the way this is
super steep like you saw when I was
going at super fast
let's see his attempt at it and I just
called my own sister and apparent you
haven't done any vlogging so I'm sorry
about that
but I told them just try and record
anything you're doing great once they
record this yeah
alright my boy Chris oh my god it's
gonna go good about it
just don't hurt yourself don't hurt
yourself
Oh Brad alright I try under nose right
on life from here from here not on a
less steepness yeah okay yeah alright
make sure to follow him if he like
breaks his face listen I believe I can
tell
I believe I can trust Brad all right I
leave any video god that's high daddy
get a temper we're above this pole and
look how cool is I my friend is trying
is over this guy they find it so I guess
because I'm used to it's kind of easy
they down there
imagine how you just pulled off it's
actually I really I'm gonna heights
tanner oh you don't it let's go let's go
all right with my boy Chris he's just
doing a bit of shopping to keep the swag
on point you can see he's got he's got
done what I does on yeah Bob Dicke he's
got the swag litter the full tracksuit
written by a basketball jersey hey guys
so more is not with us right now and he
are sweet
working there with our trainers others
we're halfway there
I didn't where we meeting them
favorite place to
weather's starting to rain a little bit
to exercise together
the meat
come back
so we're finally here at Sainsbury's and
we're going to go do some shopping and
I'll try and see if I can blog inside
but I'm usually really shy so I'm gonna
try to do it from boat yellow yellow so
mom what are you looking for let's see
that bring it that looks nice
and the best part desserts
we're just in the bread aisle my mom is
using my favorite bread these ones
they're really soft so I like them and
so far shopping has been okay and just
what we bought and what is not here so
yeah I'm trying my best to take over the
blog as much as possible for now it's a
birthday cakes so I just uploaded my
video and this type of thing makes me so
mad like it just annoys me really much
like I spent a lot of time trying to
find find a good thumbnail and this is
what it's turned out to be now I'll show
you the thumbnail that I was gonna pick
for this I'll quickly go down I don't
know how well you guys are seeing this
now I put my camera over here so the
thumbnail I was going to pick was this
so you can see how nice it is this
actually you see the camera in the video
and every time I pick it you can see
uploading you know wait I'm about to
Save Changes
but when I come onto my channel nope
YouTube just ain't having it but I guess
it's okay what else can I do
it's just that really annoys me so if
you haven't checked out that video
because you still no thumb note to it go
check it out now because it was a pretty
awesome video and I showed you my little
camera so yeah my mom's sister are
quickly I don't know what they're doing
they're fixing some sort cabinet did it
get fixed it got worse we're trying to
fix the draw Wow well yeah today's vlog
has been super super messy if you can't
tell I am just back from football I'm
super super sway I need to go take a
shower I have no idea how today's vlog
has been today to be honest it's been
mostly in my sister's hands hopefully
she blogged a little bit I tried to
block my phone the quality on them clips
are not as good I'm sorry but just bear
with me in today's vlog wow I need to go
pretty take a shower today as I said
yesterday is the last day of internet I
think so anyways they haven't caught it
they were supposed to cut it like um
probably this morning it should have
gone bad not sure thankfully it stayed I
just uploaded my video
thanks to that so yeah today's just been
a mess anyways anyways if you did enjoy
today's vlog I'm probably just gonna
wrap up here yeah why not you did enjoy
today's vlog oh my god why are you two
here it looks like you're breaking it
more than anything anyways as I was
saying we did enjoy today's vlog to
smash the like button I'll see you guys
moar yolo yolo john do yours Yolo Yolo I
will see you got some more good bye
