good morning guys what is that welcome
to another vlog today I'm on my
hoverboard making my way to the shops my
sister feels a bit sick so I need to get
for my sparkling water and stuff for her
and this thing out in the open like
where it's bumpy roads is so weird like
you guys don't even know like I'm
bumping my way that would be easy going
with this but look how bumpy is like
it's okay slow alright yeah this is
really difficult so I need to pay
attention so I can't vlog but once I'm
back with the beautiful Lakers but once
I'm back I'll continue recording super
bumpy but ya can make it alright we're
on the road but there's a speed bump
coming up I don't know if I can clear it
alright I might have to go super super
slow alright let's see in the icy up oh
okay oh I almost fell all right let's go
I can't even lie this is not my favorite
gadget like I just love playing with
this like this can take me to the
supermarket this is pretty much all I
need for a car like I just need to go to
the supermarket and come back and this
will do the job but look how lumpy you
seal them a coins on the floor way let's
see I don't know I think you can anyway
so all over there and I'm lasting by
these and making the ride a bit bumpy
but thankfully these roads knock these
roads up the wheels on this thing aren't
inflatable wheels I was watching a video
about them so they can't burst or
nothing can go in them that's pretty
cool that's good this is the funnest
thing ever to go shopping with like oh
like the speed rubs that are worse are
we are finally on the custom with this
Sean this is all yeah
oh let me quickly get off this continue
recording once I get home because I
can't record with this in my hand and
the groceries alright guys so I had to
put this in charge just because it was
running low I think that's why I was
beeping when I was outside with it but I
think we're going to go out later on
today if not I know let me find some
cool things to do at home maybe play
with a couple of my toys or sort out my
room cos it's a complete mess my sister
is popping bottles today
puppet she's drinking from the bottle
we're about to watch my video this is
what we do you guys you pretty much
watch my videos together to see if I've
said anything bad or if everything is on
point
and then we edit it together and put out
for you guys so it's like a family
effort it's a team effort over here in
the liana Yolo household so guys for
once I'm in my garden it's probably just
because my sister came here but I wanted
to show you my garden you guys have
probably never ever seen it it's
beautiful right it's just grass they
evacuate let me go in this corner we
have a doghouse so we don't actually
have a dog but I think the people here
before us made it or who knows Oh Shh
all right what happened yeah that that's
the doghouse you can see inside it
probably the most creepy thing you've
seen but anyways I don't I don't want to
go in there because I'm scared actually
wait let me go close the door to the
doghouse I don't think it's a good thing
leaving it open but yeah that is our
garden tour for any of you that wanted
to see it pretty cool right we've got
little stones double cross even though
it doesn't make much of a difference and
it's way too hot to stay outside so I'm
probably going to go inside I was
actually unplanned on me like putting
right keep this section of the garden up
putting like a boxing bag or something
but it never happen so I might do it
later on in the future or something just
right you know more fitness like boom
boom boom I was like an brofist sure my
sister's crying go follow her on
Instagram to cheer up look so sad she
looks so sad why is she crying oh I'm
thinking gosh she's just got a bellyache
that's why she's holding a sign I'm
gonna go inside how'd you open this
how'd you oh my god I'm actually stuck
outside thank God we're finally inside
and look at my chair like I put
newspapers on it so when the kids come
on it they can't scratch it such a sad
life I have the princess is coming in
isn't so I spent the time making this on
my bed let me go ahead and show you guys
mo logs that's pretty awesome right
can be like thumbnail of the video or
can even my channel are some people told
me to change my life picture for YouTube
I'm not sure should I try to make you
like my face like this or shall I have
like something cool let me know but I
think that's pretty cool right
so I'm downstairs guys and I thought you
guys might want to see me drifting with
this bad boy so I'm going to pass the
camera to my sister to show you how it's
done I even have a stunt partner bubbles
he's going to be risking his life here
for me to drift around him let's go
alright recording yeah alright guys
let's see I'm not uncomfortable the same
work always ready
alright thank you good you're different
what do you mean our guys time to drift
you ready bubbles no bubbles justice
moon robbery wasn't me like an option
out of life this is how drifted this
time or she watches ready
how is doing his old tricks in the
middle of this no dear one more time why
you doing your screen room yeah
unfortunately alright the video at the
lake because you need to show them what
you're doing I think you really hurt you
know
hi guys for my next trick I'm going to
go to one legged you ready
I mean yeah you're gonna break your neck
now office police for I can do this
guy's I probably okay watching content
coming up there very much is watching
I cut a video I give up please
in this episode my sister was sick guys
are about to go to this room fool I'm
not going to vlog it because my GoPro
literally is out of battery and I forgot
to bring the charger from London so
every clip you had seen with it until
now was just on the charge I had when I
pray here we're going to go hopefully
have some fun I need to get a bit of
fitness not even I go cuz I'm so focused
on trying to get click through you guys
I don't actually swim properly and I
just literally just do parts for the
vlog yeah we're going to go and I'm
going to sleep properly this time
woo I want my skateboard for once again
in a long ok let's go back
all right guys so I'm back on my
skateboard again after like a few days
of just playing with the hoverboard back
on my skateboard and it feels super
weird but yeah I wanted to use this time
to let you guys or ask you guys if
there's any challenges you would like me
to do in the near future I used to do a
lot of challenges but by the way I was
crossing a little bumper there that's
why it went a bit shaky also I want to
say thank you to everyone supporting my
channel it means a lot to me and without
you guys obviously I wouldn't be here
I'm making the videos that I do every
day but for now this is the swimming
pool my mom and sister are just walking
here and let's go and have some fun
let's try and fit the lens through there
oh yeah that looks pretty cool right one
second one second
my good like can you see me right
no you're gone how bad is it it's really
bad alright guys I'm about to go
swimming the pool is empty but it's
freezing short of the pool well it's not
really freezing it's just compared to
the outside temperature it's really cold
so when it goes to him and I'll see you
guys after we're done here I'm ready to
go to the war so you guys later
I'm making my way home I'm all towered
up because I just couldn't remote to
wear my shirt so gonna go at home and
take shower and dry up and you continue
to vlog I just love this I haven't used
this for such a long time now I'm
missing this I might have to go and make
some videos with this soon be our home
literally not even kidding yet Oh cries
there and yes gonna go inside and take a
shower real quick alright so it's late
at night guys and I'm just sitting here
editing my video for tomorrow and I
wanted to use this time to talk to you
guys today's vlog has literally been
much shorter than most my other vlogs I
think so anyways my sister was sick
today I think she had food poisoning
we're not sure she just had like a bad
stomach and stuff like that so we didn't
go anywhere we just stopped and relaxed
and this went to the pool but I just
wanted to use this time as I said to
speak with you guys I want to let you
guys know I appreciate all the support
you guys leave on my videos and all the
comments I get or snapchats or Facebook
messages and I want to dis apologize if
I haven't replied to you guys it's not
because I'm ignoring them I know
sometimes on snapchat open them by
literally just opened every single one
and sometimes go through them very quick
and if I don't have the time to reply to
your message I'm very sorry I'm not
ignoring your anything I just want to
think that you guys know but if you guys
enjoyed today's video please smash the
like button you guys have been awesome
and yeah today's video and has been a
bit different I'm just sitting here and
I'm going to play a bit League of
Legends with my friends from London yes
I play that game if any of you know what
it is we are seeing out there if you
enjoyed the vlog smash that like button
young like Yolo I will see you guys next
time bye bye
