good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so it's the morning and I'm about
to shave so the next thing I'm on my
Segway by the way the next thing you're
going to see of me is with a cleaner
beard I'm not going to video me shaving
because it's boring oh I just released
the video of this is all me unboxing it
so that kind of gives you a scale of
like how delayed my videos are I think I
normally have like a 1 to do two day
delay between my videos and I always
forgot to mention look at my bed that
looks awesome right way I said let me go
off the swegway because I'm super dizzy
but yeah well I love this event like
this feels so cool like you can see it
like my hand but you can see it's got
that weird velvety material but a veneer
shades to see you guys after that whoo
alright guys I'm all ready to go out I
just need to wear my hat and I got my
new t-shirt on you know swag and I
wanted to come show you guys bubbles
he's sleeping so cute look here you look
and he always comes to my sister's room
and he just sleeps on the bed is so
adorable we are about to go I kind of
shaved can you guys tell the difference
I just licked reshape this section and
kind of clean up over here but yeah
let's go out and put my hand alright so
another day another vlog we're going out
and I think the weather is perfect you
guys don't follow me on snapchat you
know I literally snapped right here next
to the girls like another day of
vlogging but we're about to go out so
let's see where we go today and let's go
on another adventure guys I think the
cover of this car is beginning to get
really dirty look at that what is that
it's like oh that's like wood I think
I'm not sure but I think we need to wash
the cover when we get back so that might
be something we're going to do today not
sure not sure but for now just waiting
for my system to come and unlock the car
so I can sit inside it with some a/c
because even though the weather is
perfect I'm getting a bit too hot now
the fire
so guys we just got to festival city
we're going to go to Ikea me and my
sister I need to get a lamp for my room
because it's way too dark coming got one
lamp in my room so I need one of them
like I had like a couple attached to it
so hopefully we can find something good
but first we're going to go caustic and
my sister is hungry or drowsy or
whatever from driving so yeah let's go
have some tea or coffee and then we
should continue in our journey look at
this dress guys it's made of real
flowers I think is it real
it's fate oh it looks like really
passion I thought I'd be real all right
let's go let's go so guys we just got
our cost on my sister got her sandwich
before we even paid for it which is
pretty funny but yeah we're number 20 we
need to get all of our drinks you
shouldn't eat it before your drink comes
well if you start choking by I'm gonna
see you once all the drinks get here
because for now it's only her eating
guys she breaks trough my marshmallows
and puts it in there like what what does
this do for you yes hi so that's another
car farm you'll hear what's not
that's I think cheese and chicken I may
as I was saying she breaks up her
Marshman is I what happened by every
that's disgusting is actually nice okay
guys my hot chocolate got here look at
that oh yeah let's get in
all right guys we're starting a process
of shopping again we got a little IKEA
trolley or you want to put your bag so
late
so I'm sitting down on waiting for my
mom and sister to choose what they want
but did you guys ever have easily kid
like I remember when I go to like the
doctor's and a dentist or stuff I'm not
sure exactly where but they used to have
these and you can just play with them
and I used to have like a blast but I
need to wait for my mom and sister I
don't know what they're picking up to be
honest over there can you see them all
right let me go check why are you
picking out were you picking out oh
you're going to get filing stuff whoa
businesswomen in the making guys this is
a new definition of a twisty chair it
doesn't even have wheels show them show
them don't come to Mike alright okay
don't move this you can just twist so
shudders really oh it doesn't even work
on each other not speak
- something like that yeah
what you got you let's just go these
lawyers shit I wish you guys my sister
blows it you'll hold the camera and
she'll be like looking away she just got
lippy over there I'm vlogging me it's
like the worst type of slog reversible
shake my head
yes onto my desk you just want a table
with nothing
there's no shelves of no drawers there's
nothing what use a table for you can
like put you stop organize it you are
just basically one surface life lessons
from Lana look at these that should I
awesome we might get one from Bablu
we're looking at the tents over here
yeah actually very cheaper we can get
them for my art cap obviously my man I'm
a tennis player they've got really cool
cushions look at this eight will do my
sister sitting on the floor yep like I'm
taking it to the next that one she's
like literally lying down why are you
sitting down there's no break in between
yards hey video behind me wood is there
cardboard boxes I can pull down yes is
there
we're so tired guys it's ridiculous
unity camera are you guys I'm you
together I need a break no we're staying
here for a couple minutes
yes they have nothing from you guys
we're trying to find a light for my
broom but none of them are nice enough
to pick up my legs I need to sanitize my
hands look guys what's wrong but this is
what we got so far it's just like basic
things we got all of the hangers we got
bubbles a tent yes we got our cat tent
finally and just some file sorting
things my mom my sister are over here
sitting but yeah we're gonna get headed
after they just get some muscle back
into their legs and we should be done to
go so we found my one it's literally
this one mom take this from recorder
okay let me put up hi guys you need to
get this tinder
my new jewel
I think this is it it says 0 0 1 0 3 3 4
3 is it correct
yes oh yeah we got the right one right
we need to go check out and go home
hi guys I just ran into one of my family
now rather he just met me and said hi to
me so kids if you do like a younger your
side Kalyan and yeah that's pretty fun
so if you guys do meet me say hi to me
and yet we'll be in the video so guys
it's my favorite song where are you
ready are you ready are you ready don't
watch me me watch me nae nae watch me
whip whip watch me nae nae do stanky leg
do the stanky legs nice I do the stanky
leg all right so we just have to divide
over
I left my mobile Valley Mahoney on
my bad hi-yah
we're not going to be here for long
because it's tricky do something else
it's Friday and it is
here sighs look at that Lambo maracas in
the parking lot not exhausted my
all right so you come to Waitrose and
that's because we want to find a
weighing scale like the ones that way
you so I need to search and see where is
I think it should be towards the end so
I'm going to go there it's funny every
time I come I come finish like the thing
that has the pork shop and there's a bit
all right I lost my mother and sister I
don't know where they are they're
probably going to go find some food so
let's go find them first
all right I'm completely lost now yeah
per my sister where you live yeah I
thought you're trying to find a scale
are you popping bottles away that oh
it's some saw something what did you
guys
all right so we managed getting our
scale now what's in the packet this is
literally just to see how fast are they
coming yeah if you guys don't know I've
been gaining weight so I want to measure
how big I'm becoming I'm joking we just
got it just for checking like I don't
know how big a suitcases or whatever my
sister is now looking at a couple other
pieces we're going to go home now see if
it makes a difference hi guys well I
wanted to show you guys is this so
apparently if you sit on it what this
makes your back bear
it's literally icing on nothing hi let's
go okay I don't like this rip this back
and let's go home alright guys so we're
passing by this place and I really love
the Ferrari over here so every time I
can't record it look at that wahoo and
then inside oh yeah Angie bassy coffee I
think they have all sorts advertisements
then we have like I think it's a kitted
Range Rover and there's Lamborghinis in
there but that's all the way at the back
so you can't see blur you can kind of
see the reflection of our car going by
which is pretty cool and even there they
have like mini little kid ones but
you're on our way home right now I even
saw her rockin today in the parking I
think I got a little bit for you guys it
wasn't the best because it's already
driven past so I was trying to zoom in
but you guys sort of seen that by now
anyways but we're gonna go home and yet
maybe you're gonna do if exercise
tonight you knows no my legs were so
that's even better to do exercise and
then you'll be fully dead and then we
can sleep I'll see you guys once we get
home because I'm super tired I'm
downstairs playing with my IO book but
guess what we're about to do which is
more important we're about to open up my
kittens tent you ready for it Lana a lot
of you guys told me to stop saying my
sister I don't know it's just a habit so
from now I'm going to try and say Lana
as much as I can but Jay you ready you
ready don't look ready cuz you're
sleeping
all right let's get this bad boy unboxed
look look how quick I can turn with this
I I can like vlog real quick for you
guys in going down fast lean and then
switching up and then going to you then
turning so we're about to unbox the tent
we got four bubbles he should have a
blast in this light he loves going to
pack it's like we always put in my IQ
packets and today since we went to Ikea
we literally take loads of packets for
him say are you opening it
wait okay I think I should this video
you like this and I don't need to see
alright let's put it out where are you
gonna put this oh okay okay oh my oh I
think we need to literally set this
whole thing up
ah I kinda knew you want to bounce like
kitties already buy what is this this is
the right way round
bubbles seems interested like this ain't
even done yet and they seem super
interested to us I would be mere bauble
sees that okay let me go inspect from
different angles trying to set up really
quick I do like a fast forwarding scene
okay so I think I need to be right back
guys one second let me see okay yeah
there we go I'm going to come set up my
camera with the equipment and let's go
and do like a super fast forwarded scene
of us building this so we'll see you
guys in a minute or so be right back
both of you ten guys in and they see you
the other day
yes see I'm not flexible pocket yet in
and out this is one problem so let's get
bubbles of nighttime carrots you want do
the stanky leg you think whoa this is
this wow they're gonna go crazy with
this
I don't yeah so we just like put these
to the side and let them get in an
outfit all right
look inside guys look inside of the
castle oh you can I don't know just as
close as these two together how do you
mean these two close together
instead oh so they have on at each side
so you can close it up all right
yeah you should because they won't
understand it all right close up my side
as well because I can't do it when I'm
filming the close-up and now we have the
new tent to wall our guys this was nice
let's get bubbles in them blow in here
be out that guys is that why isn't this
hard ah that's it you're never gonna see
these two out oh sorry she got scared I
think bubbles is not coming out now he's
just sitting there anyways if you guys
enjoyed today's video and loved the tent
make sure to thumbs this video up I
don't her detention so it's creepy to me
don't you think
Okara what's that movie like what's that
movie called
well I they trick two people and it's
like some circus plays it's like a
cartoon movie
is it the elephant movie Dumbo I think
it is double and recently enjoyed like
but we'll see you guys later peace out
bye bye
