good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today we're both in Qian bubbles
again it's that time of the month they
can hear the water running in that room
I'm also starting the war and yet they
just play dead
they just don't have a shower but it's
good for them they stay clean and stuff
I look outside I love the weather look
so nice can you see it you can sort of
holding yourself in alright guys so we
are now bossing the kids it's not that
bad you're becoming clean are you going
to washing the body because it's not
teas turn guys okay much calmer running
continues okay what is he doing he's
right he's like shaking so on to you
that you wash me I'm gonna get you wet
so we just emptied that more into here
now just rinse them off what's wrong
bubbles
you ever tried doing cats a shower is
such a headache
look at those I'm just gonna erase them
and dry them up now we're dropping a TI
there no she's a hostage Gilly and then
we're good to go
risk oh let's go pretty much she is
she's much quieter the bubble bubble
it's okay you're done that's it you're
done
hi guys we're going to go in under them
sometimes we're just drawing them up
right now and they'll be good to go your
bubbles she wants a miniature river now
they're going to be all fluffy for the
day we're just about to throw this thing
away it started leaking and we're gonna
see if we can throw into the sink yeah
go for it I don't think you can make it
Oh
my turn my turn let me go get it okay
Paul I'm Jordan wash
I'm ready perfect
mm-hmm no let me do it one more time
look oh it's on the floor all right I'm
gonna throw this away I'm sorry sorry
you gotta primary why is it leaking from
are we trying to see they I cannot sneak
in from somewhere you can see it
sneaking right let me see okay I give up
Wow Charlie I was trying to make the war
come on for you guys the other know
where it's coming from so we are about
to go out right now
and I just thought that'd my burgers is
this video saying who's got more swag
and you guys actually voted for her like
how do you spike take the camera for me
no one person it doesn't really one boy
no no you know your boy is fresh they
just vote for it be like nuts a sympathy
move but we're going to get these chairs
wrapped I know what you're thinking
wrapped like why but it's because these
little cats over here they keep
scratching our chairs so we need to get
it wrapped with like a cover type of
thing so we can get all our chairs put
out finally and have a nice table say
let's go just like me taking this to the
car all right we're about to go guys so
let's get the Jim comes out we have to
take this to the car are you ready
it's a cat I'd know by the boat lights
on let's go
so as years how do you start with one
we're taking a chair best or the other
guy number one
put this chair in the back I think so
sideways yep oh do wait
like this
things go
all right is that fine yeah I can't
close it or even vlogging me properly
yes
okay fine to go guys
so we are just on our way we're passing
by dubai bowling sand so yeah we're
passing by divided bowling centre as I
said and the reason I'm vlogging this is
when we were kids me and my sister well
not any kids but younger a couple years
back we would always come here and chill
hours really good memories and you guys
like me opening the roof you can't see
much through we need to actually you
guys saw the cameras go through that or
the lights be a runaway I think the
traffic's fine bottom quickly finish up
Chinatown and most important thing was
these my friends wanted some so I went
and bought like five hopefully they
liked the colors I picked I didn't have
much of a choice but you guys I just
don't know what colors they want so I
just pick every color there was so we're
going to go to the mall right now to eat
and I'm watching and you know all these
little toys on the floor so that's why
my sister's like watch out so once we go
to the mall I will continue vlogging we
need to eat and I'm not sure my sister
has some work to do so yeah we're just
going to go there so I'll see you guys
once we go peace alright time to go home
guys unlock car right here you know
that's very part it's kind of tight
you only come out first and then I'll
get in yo can you get out first I have
to wait for my sister to come out
because her side has got enough space
you can see but my side is super tight
so I'm going to wait for her to come out
and then we're going to get headed to
the mall today's vlog has just been like
started late but that's because I
actually made two videos today you guys
might not realize it because they're
going to get released on separate days
by edited both of them today and they're
going to yea be out alright my sister is
coming out there we go you have enough
space to get in
ah finally alright where we go what more
lost Emirates okay alright guys so we
just got to the petrol station hopefully
you can see the pumps are you going back
alright
we're actually on our way to the Dubai
Mall we changed mine pretty much a Dubai
Mall is closer so we're just going to go
there because we're super hungry is
currently 2211 and I haven't eaten since
like five I think so so yeah it's been
ages since I've been we are in the
downtown area I love this area it looks
really nice and obviously one of our
favourite cars in front of us look at
that Mustang this looks so nice
we're going to the cinema parking as you
guys can see and yeah we pretty much
need to eat and what else I just do a
few things
yeah and then we should go home and
hopefully I can play out you hear that
Mustang he gave us a little rev like a
small little like tees over here
hopefully if I go home I can play with
my little twit look at that play number
had like eight digits
there is big numbers like that that's
pretty cool so we're making our way to
Shake Shack that's where we decided to
eat and I'm passing by the ice rink and
I've said this in so many of my vlogs
but every time I set up cut it out here
my sister Eli staying and it was like a
really big hobby of ours we did it for
like two years and that's pretty cool I
wish you guys do that I've said it loads
of times I've always cut it out so yeah
that's the fact about me which you guys
down the
it's a pretty cool icing right I'm ever
coming here all the time via robots go
shake shot and my mother's just are way
behind me over there so yeah
honey and Shake Shack the Buddhist come
my mom's having a chat burners
I'm having a cheeseburger told you guys
this before
I hate Sundays I hate anything in my
burger I just have it flame tied me
upside my fries yeah pretty much what
we're done here we're gonna head
and I want to figure out something a lot
of you in the comment sections say why
are we always at the ball if I keep
looking how people always help each
other then
we're at the mall all the time Isis a
big way
you've got like new pieces to do like
work-wise go out Microsoft went online
just loads of stuff like that and that's
why right there also saw might we're
always here for doing nothing and stuff
like that
who's got my doing so important
yeah what'd you get headed and I'll
continue my toy
yeah my face
my favorite burger and Shake Shack its
let me show you
like basic
to drive
the reason I like Shack burger is
because the burger is actually light
because I still love to come with you
guys no not over yet but delicious
tastes more like natural or healthy or
whatever say
it sounds like a promoting place
laughter I'm just saying what for today
I will see after this news
or you anime in the vlog you're not
allowed to be in the larger give me yeah
yeah I was going oh time
oh yeah we're on our way to the car now
guys and that is pretty much a wrap
today at the mall we H I'm full were
walking off the food towards the car
yeah we're about to go pop over to have
some tea but then I was like really
thank you
which gives your way flats survived I'm
more like a little bit like it because
you know like I'm wearing the ideas but
like they have like a new build like a
cushion or whatever to make you a bit
taller yeah we're about to go home it
restores the push door yeah I do it
nothing sure you wait oh that's so bad
no I got less let's pretend like I
always opened a door for our hood yeah I
know we're about to go home guys today's
literally been I don't even know if the
vlog is good I this is actually
intestinal tell me if you guys would
like days I don't do much to power blog
like today but although I've done a lot
things it's not been outside things I
can blog so tell me if you guys want to
see the cypher blog or if you guys would
rather me skip days and just make like
fun or blogs the lows are going out or
just stuff like that so yeah definitely
let me know
pick out tool the Burj Khalifa it starts
there then it goes a little the way up
to that I know it doesn't look as big as
this this is the address hotel but it's
because it's behind so yeah it's like I
don't know when you see things behind
each other the one closer looks bigger
Oh
I have no idea about a song like that
my gosh so we're on our way home and I'm
gonna use this time to give out some
shout outs of my loyal fans I did this
ages ago I gave out to shout outs
surrounding fans but I was on my phone
scrolling through comments and yeah I'm
gonna read a couple of names that have
left nice comments so yeah shout to you
guys first of all god Chris Kahui you've
been reading first of all god okay God
Christ Kaori you've been leaving loads
of nice comments oh thank you I
appreciate it
and yeah thanks for the support I don't
hold it hold it hold it it's already
unlocked so we just got home guys and my
sister is about to play on the ioho let
me go ahead and video her are you sure
you can do it how do I record and give
you a house yeah gonna it's heavy I oh
okay are you buying running through that
six we're back Rose you know how I
should go all right no we've got boxes
we've got all of the safety equipment
around just hold on to something when
you try and fold no trying get me a
thumbnail like just like pretend like
you're amazing at this okay don't fall
for my thumb no I just
I need to have like a good full shop
this is no this is nonsense I need the
board okay how about this try bend down
and get on I'm just quite a distance I'm
try you're walking up to me okay now
you're in the shot
oh yeah that looks okay yeah okay okay
modeling on the I hope me guys um
alright she I'm not even sure I was
going to tell you about probably already
have a video of this out by the time
this vlog comes out I'm just powdered so
many videos I don't know what to give
out at the moment oh you done with
trying to like the reverse like you go
backwards oh alright let me do my turn
alright try and get off all right let me
go on it hi
the my hand whoa you're almost slipped I
am when they hand over the camera to my
sister the watch okay Bob just gotta
break his legs on me okay ready
Oh commonly we can do that that's not
fair
what doc Oh guys I don't this within a
second we have all that bouncing around
you know backwards like spinning it like
the condemnation wanna focus on that
okay way to transit but what was knows
by this guy if you have to Austin
snapchat again my snapchat thing now my
sisters are down in the description we
post everything on snapchat and live
times so make sure to check us out there
but for now guys today's vlog is go
moving to be over do you enjoy it totals
like yellow battery's dying
oh I got you saw it if you joined the
book y'all our daughter will see you
guys next year next time go to my sister
seen yellow was it hard example bye
boom yellow you'll know and I'll see you
guys next time
buh-bye
