good morning and welcome to another vlog
this time from New York City are ladies
and gentlemen welcome back to the vlog
today we're starting out in America and
it's good weather I wouldn't have
expected it it's actually cold but still
nice New York you're good bro but this
it's not gonna be New York only we're
also coming to two more three more
cities why she's starting out the day by
being on with my man Lex he's actually
gonna be here very soon
so yeah boys are you ready look who just
made it with us mama
Lex is back okay the first place she's
gonna take us me and sigan both look
really bad right now and I'm say it
again me outside it and then I value the
haircut and you look we're gonna go get
a haircut right now but bro what's
happening tonight tonight we're going to
the strip club no right now we are here
at the Dominican barbershop apparently
this place is amazing it is the best
remember last time on my haircut was yes
suck it was good it was a haircut let's
go
our voices there you go haircut is
complete god damn I'm looking fresh
I usually don't rock this wet mud but
yeah you look ugly you look I think
we're ready to get some girls bro we
need do I look ready for girls down
Saigon is ditching me to have a meeting
chill around after work bro can I come
to the meeting No
so pretty much my man sigan actually has
a meeting right now so he's leaving
panting I love you anyways we're gonna
catch ours I get in a bit he has a
meeting so I'm gonna go roam the streets
of New York alone oh my god do something
hi boy so here's the thing it's
absolutely freezing here in New York and
I mean like zero degrees like that's how
cold it is so right now while sigan has
this big I've come to have some milk
shake that's a particular
alright so the food just made it here
check it out guys oh this is what I love
this is what I love guys America America
we are hi guys so right now me and sigan
actually came over to do some sneaker
shopping so right now we're gonna go
inside and see if there's anything good
to buy you ready it should be let's go
oh my god all right so for some reason I
actually really like these pink
Foamposites I feel like these look dope
but I don't know you know I think we
have to try these on they actually look
really nice so they have a pair of
sneakers for $40,000 40,000 40,000 for
that bro they'll wash it right yet
though her office is very good though
holy moly our boy so right now we're
just going around sneaker shopping but
look at the shoes over here so as you
can see these are all the DG's over here
look at the prices first of all $8,000
5000 my boy rocket has all of these we
got Jordan shopping around here's the
thing is I'm getting my first pair of
Gigi's ever Joan shows guys check it out
guys check it out so here they are the
easies so here it is we are making the
purchase $700 Easy's guys oh so there
you go purchase has been made Easy's and
some baby Jordans hi guys so right now
we are actually going underground into
the stash of sneakers they have
everything you can ever imagine bro
just show me the best what what is the
best it's hard to find the best because
everything scattered while we start we
got Yeezys right here in front of me
literally I'm walking past hundreds of
thousands worth of sneakers right now
this is insane imagine having your own
like sneaker closet like this 30,000
30,000 pairs shout out my guy who
brought me down here follow me on
instagram fish fresco BK if you want to
see sneakers my boy is the player here
so right now I'm about to show you the
most limited shoes you're probably ever
gonna see the Nike Air Mags
okay check this out oh my god are these
the auto lazy ones yes
why
oh my god so these right here are Auto
lacing mic Air Mags one button tightens
them up that's crazy that's crazy this
right here this is a sixty thousand
dollar fine alright
sixty thousand so I don't know too much
about this shoe but my man does so tell
us a bit about it so there was an
original relationship issue
Cameron boy year this was the second
edition so the original lease does not
have the auto lease but a secondary
edition does have the auto lives where
you guys were looking at earlier bro
this is insane
I'm not sure if you guys can hear the
auto lacing but when he presses that
button yeah makes a it's almost like a
mechanical noise so if you can see
there's buttons inside the red opens it
up you press the red button
down and how much are these these are
16,000 I'm willing to pay close to that
but I'm not at that price yet and what I
love about this guys when they released
this all the proceeds actually went to
charity yet Michael J Fox has
Parkinson's disease yeah so yes a lot of
the proceeds whether she was donating
directly that's amazing for now we're
heading out big thanks to my man over
here and stadium goods
you're ready now shout out the stadium
the swallow at Stadium goes on all
social media platforms and we yeah all
right let's go okay okay we came out
with two pairs of shoes but one in the
half second Easy's and some baby Jordans
for psychons future babies yeah
inshallah let's see no I will have a
baby before you have a baby we'll see so
while we're on the way to dinner I sure
want to let you guys know one of my
favorite comments on YouTube you know
what somebody wrote for somebody wrote
and I'm gonna put the comment across
this mummy mo stopped hitting more
that's animal of
today has just been a good day
now they are back at the hotel it's time
to unbox my new shoes too okay so pretty
much if you guys don't know I actually
had a pair of Yeezys about a year ago
and I bought them from a guy outside
daddy that store but they weren't my
size so I end up selling them to my
friend our escape but now after one year
I now have a pair
alright so here they are boys the
all-white ezv twos these are the ones I
ended up getting and you can't really
see them in this lighting it just looks
like white it just looks so white right
now alright much better I think you guys
can see the shoe a little bit better
right now but there you go this is the
EZ v2 lights
I paid seven hundred and ten dollars for
them so I'm not sure if that's a good
price or a bad price so yeah this is the
shoe I go honestly it just looks super
super clean and I think it's because
it's really white so maybe in a couple
of weeks the cleanness will go away but
they look good now here's the thing I
should have talked to you guys a little
bit and it might sound a little bit
emotional or like I don't know what you
want to call it back feel like this
needs to be said a lot of times in the
youtube comment section
I see people arguing about my money
like literally arguing Moe has this much
money I can't believe he has that much
or Moe is broke and the reason I'm
addressing this honestly guys I just
want to say not everything is about
money okay and you guys I know a lot of
you don't
99% of here not like that but I see
people arguing about people being rich
or people being poor and it just
confuses me so I just want to say guys
even though I do show a lot of stuff
like this and the vlogs or luxury stuff
I just show it because I think it's cool
not to say that I have money or not to
say that somebody else doesn't have
money it's not about that or even like
the $60,000 shoe we saw today it's not
mine but I show it because I think it's
cool if you know what I mean so yeah
guys less hate more love let's not worry
about what others have yeah that is
pretty much what I want to say I hope
that came across well all right listen I
love you guys anyways I love you guys
today's but it's super super awesome day
if you're new around here what are you
doing subscribe down below and make sure
to be part of the family here that is
about it guys I love you I hope you've
enjoyed the America vlogs if you're new
around here subscribe be a part of the
team the yo-yo squad and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
yeah Leon oh boy
