alright guys I'm just going to go to the
more real quick my mum and sister are
gonna meet me and they're coming in the
Lambo I've made my sister promise me
she's going to do a small vlog so you're
probably going to get a cutscene to her
blogging so you hopefully enjoy I'm
taking out the car today back our blog
obviously when I Drive so yeah see you
want some day guys
hey everyone today we're going to do I'm
or my brother is not with me right now
and he asked me to blog
unfortunately he already went there with
my friends so I'm going to meet him and
we will come back home together so we'll
get going it's pretty dark to be outside
but I'll try and see if I can blog frame
or otherwise he'll take over on our way
back but
look at that main entrance hear that
sound says where the valley is so that's
where my sister she's behind when look
at the lights up there looks pretty
awesome doesn't it
Virgen Aviva or retina guy anyways
especially a really nice replica over
here let me go ahead and show you
it's like the whole area and then we
have the verge
also this section may let me turn around
the camp roof over here as like some
star design which is really awesome and
yeah we need your sleep might be some
stars right now
last time I never came close enough for
you guys to see Wow look at that that's
awesome right right let me see what it
is it's a triangulated sneaker pretty
cool I I need to go so I'm with my
sister who is ditching me thank you for
that
coming to the vlog oh yeah we got this
so guess what car we came went well my
sister came with the Lambo and I'm just
my mom's taking the Ranger over I'm
coming in a Lambo
and pretty much I hope she blocked her
side because you promised me you with
did you plug it
hoping it came out good enough so you
got this seen it by now so let's go to
become the car I've got the worst
bellyache I have any person in the whole
today you just see me like holding my
belly my head down
we are going to go hopefully you guys
enjoy looking at the car I probably
don't have much in the car
as always I'm going out first to vlog
because there's always embarrassed as
well to get into the car straight off
drive looks I always come out vlog and
then we go get into the car so you
actually got a couple of nice stars this
day we've got a red rolls-royce over
there but I'm just going to go straight
and see these sides over here alright
let's see we have got a white Maserati a
black Bentley I'm just going to quickly
turn the camera there you go that's the
Maserati here's the Bentley then I think
over here is the Lamborghini there we go
so yeah we're going to go get in wait
let me try and get a thumbnail for you
guys here is
Lamborghini with the divine wall that's
a good something right that's idea I'm
gonna go get the keys and we're gonna go
guys I'm so bored
alright finding the doors
yeah we can go home alright alright
finally we're in the car I feel so sick
right start prime yay alright I'm about
to embarrass too many people outside
logging so we're just leaving divine
morn the cavity is wait let me turn the
camera there you can see this other
Valley and then in front of us is fully
fully fully full is outward yeah we're
just gonna go home right now
this guy's going you don't I think we
need to do like a reverse and then go
pay a mortgage super busy guys look
what's next to us there's an orange rock
and in front of us
wow that's pretty awesome right
okay double hurricane power
oh the supposed to be by leaving the
Bible guys everything up I you're
supposed to be
my thoughts you wanna know me tell me I
was just a home base
again such a bit lower
hi I love saying guys a lot of you said
make your video living with the
and to show us our is pretty much you
just come out like a normal car park and
do your thing so we're just on our way
home you guys asked me to bloke in the
car a lot of the times but most times
it's late at night but taking lash in
your camera no I think they can see us
pretty good
okay this is so bright
hi oh my god guys is actually really
good but it's way too bright can you see
my face on the flashing because you're
driving but yeah you guys are like show
us the card interior this is pretty much
just it this is the bar tonight wait let
me try and put this down over here okay
tell me if you guys can oh no I dropped
your phone I dropped the phone guys I
know anyways I'll tell you what one of
these buttons - yeah the ones on the
either side is for Windows so normally
where a normal car would have window
buttons here
the Lamborghini doesn't have it so it
has this one right here in the corner if
you guys can see that without the
flashlight and everything to do with
your media system is bullet button so
that's why I have so many bars I
literally everything works with buzz
our eye let's put the flash back with us
so yeah hopefully you guys enjoy I'm
just going to get a couple more kits on
the outside just like and children
musically I see once we go guys please
don't let y'all know yeah
ideally good at slowing down all right
guys we're at the lights and this is the
best place to blog no no no I know it's
a turn light we can't even accelerate
but it's the best place to vlog because
it's got light and I just love logging
when there's lights so I think we should
do a Q&A at me this time one of them
mini ones obviously if I ever do a
proper Q&A guys I'll name it Q&A
literally just Q&A this video I'm not
even going to put the Q&A in the
subtitle or anything because it's not so
a lot of you asked me what my name is
and it's Mohammed like my name is on my
Instagram maybe you guys haven't seen it
but yet that is my name and that's
pretty much the question I was going to
answer today
all right every guy focused focused you
have anything you want to say to the
viewers yellow you know accelerate go
the green light
alright guys I'll see you once we get
you guys are in the area look outside
now with a flashlight outsiders are we
what you see is it money or it's me I
don't know whole time look at that look
at the light difference
cuz I really with the light alright guys
so I just got home alright time to park
up the car let me go and get this bad
boy in Reverse now this is a difference
between my new camera line look at that
quality that looks so good
alright let me try and get wait one
thing we are back guys I'm so actually
all right you don't need to grab out you
just probably heard the door squeak well
look at that quality it's so much nicer
than before peace young like Yolo
alright ok she's gonna hit me she go hit
me you know so I I'll stand here
not bad all right come up a little bit
of gas on it don't worry you won't go
over my legs
c'est un l√≠o de I can't even see you
all your another side I forgot I thought
you were this was you cathode the driver
was on this side again I keep going keep
going
my mama's home tube she's over - she
literally got home right after us
what what I she needs calm parkas go so
I'm gonna end the vlog here guys that
looks like an awesome shot here some
final shots
awesome right
all right anyways guys I'm going to
continue the vlog once we get inside
although the window went up on me but
yeah this is for all of you that always
constantly pester me with Lambo let's
see the Lambo it does look awesome I
can't even lie but yeah there we go
and I'll see you guys inside meanwhile
let's do a 360 turn and that way and
then let's got to bubble like you're
wassup bro yeah your bubble what's up
what's up bubble no he's not even scared
of Phil ok let's go forward
yeah we were all right guys so it's late
night and we're gonna go put the cover
on the Lambo don't let a chat commented
all right so look like yeah the cat's
over here keep going and me and my
sister as I said we're gonna go put the
cover on the Lambo log light turn on why
is the log light alright there we go
why all the launch of the car I shall
put the shufflin shop at the waking up
at the camera down chop it up in front
of the car somewhere over there I need
to definitely give a hand to my sister
so I'm gonna go see alright guys so I'm
gonna put you guys here for now and I'll
be right back off to recover it
alright guys we are done fully alright
yep perfect
what's up yeah my edges done completely
anyways guys we're going to give you a
special outro next to the car today
we've never done that out drive outside
have we what what
alright guys if you enjoyed today's vlog
smash the like button if we get a
thousand likes I don't know what I'll do
tell me what I should do in the comment
section beer for now see you guys there
y'all like Yolo bye bye guys anyways
guys I just got home I'm on my hyper
walk thing there's no one to vlog me my
sister's upstairs my mom is in the
kitchen cooking so yeah I'm gonna end
the vlog by myself I'm gonna have more
vlogs with this so don't worry that
you're not seeing it much the ones which
I actually do stuff with this I'll
probably have it in the title so yeah
watch out for that anyways if you
enjoyed today's vlog hit that like
button and yeah you guys have been going
ham like I think you're probably going
to hit the 500 that you needed to make
my system exam which I'm not sure but
yeah if you enjoyed the vlog yah yah yah
know and I'll see later squad
