good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it's currently pouring down with
rain head so I'm covering my camera
today we're going to give all of these
things to charity we my sister was just
clearing out her room a little bit I
think it's way too rainy okay I want to
continue the vlog in the car before my
camera dies let's go alright so welcome
to another vlog guys it's pouring down
with rain let me show you turn around
look at that it's just completely
pouring down on my seatbelt but yeah I
know the title of this video is a bit
shocking so I'm going to clear up for
you guys now I did name the video moving
to Dubai but I'm just gonna clear it
it's not really moving I'm just gonna be
spending the next year in Dubai because
I currently can't already lived there so
I wouldn't say moving but I just titled
it so all if you would get the message
so the next one year I think so I'm
gonna be spending in Dubai and currently
we're quickly going where are we going
I'm running out of breath we're gonna
buy some things because since I am gonna
be spending the next one year and oh oh
yeah okay carry it carry it carry it as
we are gonna be spending the next one
year in Dubai I thought take a couple of
my things from here
so I wouldn't
need them over there wait okay left yes
it's super gone now you're bugging it's
pouring down rain so where are we going
first we're going to charge up close to
this straight yeah okay that's good I
think I'm breaking way I just started
now all right so we're currently gonna
take these to the shower to show guys
are you gonna bring your books or mine
first no you have to go cuz I car
okay please lobby okay looks like sir go
in
yeah you can going
quickly gonna get the mascot box and
then one go ahead up don't say you're
gonna get the last one box and then guys
it's completely pouring down and I've
worn a short-sleeved t-shirt this is the
worst idea ever right let me see my
sister's snapchatting in there hey it's
boring down currently at our boss we've
got a weighing scale we need to buy to
measure out some of my things because
obviously I need suitcase you can fit
more than like 30 kilograms or something
like that so yeah the thing is Lister
literally this is going to be a
one-time-use thing my sister still went
for the nicest one because she likes the
looks really literally gonna throw this
away after you buy the weighing scale
it's just she picked it for the nicest
ones whoever takes over
there you go work with the thank you
thank you well done so we're just
waiting and my brother wanted to let you
know that his numbers of that's how many
numbers left how many numbers ever is
that in progress those in progress
we got the weighing scale but it is so
rainy I'm gonna use it as an umbrella
can you see that it's story easy oh my
god I can't even hold it with one hand
this is so difficult
I'm trying to cover oh shoot I've got my
akiza my think very quickly put that
there
I'm trying to not get you guys wet too
much okay one sec it's the worst idea
ever
yeah is so rainy
oh wow I'm soaking okay yeah my brother
was complaining that I was wasting money
yeah tell them did I pay for it did I
pay for it the points card and we don't
have to every yeah go left
oh yes I do the paper now we got a
freeway still alright so and then we're
gonna go to the beauty store my favorite
all the time professional makeup and
beauty store it's called Kristen Suns I
mean they should because it's awesome go
left
be careful be careful see it's like
there's no visibility and you're just
turning very bad driver so I'm gonna go
buy my stuff and I'll be right back
bye guys so we're finally at the make up
store my sister said look at that
perfect honey alright Larry got ya
Christian sons I'm not gonna record
inside cuz why are you distracting my
vlog yeah we can't look inside there cuz
this is not allowed so we're gonna be
finishing the blog in here this is how
summer looks like in in Britain guys so
much Sun and beautiful skies yes it's
pretty much like summer it's like a war
party give me your sibling Daisy she's
very shy definite when I turn on the car
it comes out nice
and then look how much miss a hold the
camera oh you can destroy all right guys
making our way outside and they told us
the bubble wrap is here which it is
bubble is this what we need is that much
it's not perfect
oh yeah do we only need what we need
more than one no no no that's enough
Hey
I think it's the exact same thing yeah
whatever flows alright so as you can see
guys were the being humor outside of the
garden center and we got some bubbles
you know like our cat which were gonna
kick calm down calm down it's only
bubble wrap we are about to go home I'm
actually going to gym or not really Jim
I'm gonna work out with my friends right
now yeah you you're gonna just scan rate
I'm gonna become you know more vlogs
muscle man no it was just an example
anyways I'm gonna go to the gym after
this and my friends swoons don't log
every single time you know what guys I
think thumbs up this video so what are
you doing
I'm definitely not putting any more
blogs that's it this is her loss aver by
that honor that's it goodbye
no more vlogs your way do you even know
where the barcode is right let me see oh
did it
alright well thankfully it's kind of
stopped raining it's still like yeah
she's taking her bubbles no don't hit me
please you're so annoying they don't
want to see a joke again no I heard
reduce I guarantee they want us no more
on your face that's what they want about
now leave it please just stop annoying
me I'm gonna literally never vlog you
again no no he's not I'm not letting you
hit me in my face yeah we're gonna go
home now
well I'm dropping my mother sister off
home I don't know my sister's about to
do and then I'm gonna go to do a little
bit of arm session you know because I've
got the biggest arms in the world not
really put it in the boot
my sister is playing the balance game
with a McFlurry see you notice it you
might be on stick if you're an elegant
walker you can do it if you can walk
elegantly okay imagine it folds all over
your dress
oh hey stop doing that therefore it
falls I can't even order to record it
anymore
I'm taking my bubble wrap guys you know
taking it inside so I can wrap I don't
think so actually I take this take this
we're loggin
oh you were saying planning around this
for me and my boy are on our way to my
friend's house we're gonna be doing
weightlifting me and my friend over here
we're like the stronger ones out of the
four because there's only four of us so
we're gonna completely prank our friends
and lift much less than them and pretend
like we've lost our we normally kill
them and waited thing but the bridge is
gonna know okay we're gonna take it easy
on them today just for like a little
prank and see how they react but they'll
probably just because they have this
like mindset that they always thought
they could fit more than us but they're
very skinny tuners you'll see them we
normally just completely destroy them we
kind of it's like we kind of go there
just to train them we feel bad for them
but we'll see once we get there so
deuces a finished hi guys I've done
about five already so my arm the day
twenty seventeen fifteen twelve and now
ten not lost
so we just finished doing arms I think
next thing is ABS my arms are dying I
can't even like straighten them out
obviously we're just here taking a
little break with some basket we'll show
them how it's done yeah it's gone you do
whoa
okay oh yeah I think abs are next and
then I'm very straight home and never
coming back to this place oh is it just
me or does my mustache attack you like
really weird all right so yeah I'll see
you once we start doing abs are you
having
I saw you haven't been recording too
much I've been working out
yes man but Steph Curry would yes a
gamma star by saying this eight
my good four five six
oh no ruin that whole clip laughing any
words after your first set of three
straight lakes oh that's all we got he
was most vulnerable during that yellow
yellow mahmud all right guys so we're
doing the last set I've got one more to
go I'm completely dying my to be honest
I don't know if I showed you yet or not
but the leg thing it just kills all of
this area like where your joints are
killing me my friends on this last set
there he goes but yeah last set is the
worst sets off but is something to head
off home Queeny take a shower and just
never exercise again oh look at a cat
Jasper I saved man back piece please
Charlie so I finally got home from that
killer workout I can't even lie holding
the camera up is a struggle for me right
now by quick you wanted to talk to you
guys about a couple of things so first
of all I apologize for my shorter vlogs
recently they will be back up to normal
level care what's going on that I'm
gonna be in Dubai and loads of things
are getting sorted out so hopefully you
guys understand but trust me the vlogs
are going to back up to their normal
length 10-15 minutes long in the near
future so don't worry about that but if
you still aren't doing the vlogs I know
loads if you do like short of logs that
straight to the point so let me know if
you enjoy me telling you things like
this to clear up and stuff like that and
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow Yolo
Yolo bye bye guys
