oh look at them oh how long they've been
sleeping
I could damn they're so cute hey guys
what's up mo here and welcome to another
vlog the reason I'm here with my family
is we wanted to wish you an aid Mubarak
hopefully you guys are having a great
day if you are smash the like button and
let's get going so guys we are next to
Dubai Mall and you can see the traffic
is really loads today pretty much it's
eat today everyone's out we're out and
yeah that's why it's super super busy so
hopefully we can get in quick guys I
think the mall is closed both entrances
were closed and we have no idea where to
go
I'm not sure about we are making our way
back from a different route given here
in the sat-nav we're trying to get back
to Dubai more because they closed both
entrances on us like it was literally as
soon as we got that enclosed entrances
I'm not sure - I know
oh my god guys oh I think it was a bad
idea coming out this late
especially when it's 8:00 Wow the MA red
lights I see brake lights that we don't
want it gone I hope time can you put
like cinema parking yeah cinema park
I'm sure that's gonna help us you know
if you do guys we just came to this
place and we have no idea what it is we
just entered because it looked like ad
food places so we found an Avenue Mall
as it is the guy said it's his words and
we have no idea where you are let me
show you the surrounding it's all of
that we're trying to find an entrance
now to go inside some work is it super
hot like today is loads of humidity as
well so we need to find where to go
inside and just chill it's actually
pretty cool we came to a new place
mission failed
it's pretty much just restaurants
there's no part where you can actually
go around and do much so we're getting
back in the car and Road Trip is
continuing this is so bad road trip road
trip road trip I don't know are we gonna
get lost or are we already lost that is
the question we're in the middle of
construction
right at the end of the run yeah we've
definitely come somewhere wrong but
let's just continue we're either gonna
die or have a good time so we finally
made it to the more rebound barking they
were letting that people into the hole
we just did a u-turn pretty much came
back round and they opened the cone so
we should have waited but we did it for
finding here so let's go and have like a
team or dessert something along them
lines you're currently at Shake Shack
and we just wanted us on some burgers
I'm here my sister
Thank You Musti so you know when your
food is ready we're going to eat and
then probably walk around and then a
party is up really hungry okay this is
pretty much what it looks like this is
mine
and then that one is my sister's I'm
going to gonna put it back into Jewish
right up there yeah my mom wasn't hungry
that's why she's not having anything
he's just sitting here with us I hope
you always want to see my mum at the
vlog so there she is
he's kind of shy and that's why I smile
- I'm recording you you know
how's your a great way to record just
sit here and just like do that
and everyone can just hear me because
I'm above the microphone the fries are
really nice like to a taster test
or out your group so good
look how awesome that little shoe is
that's pretty cool right we are on our
way to go this way that's all I know
we're going through the soup was it they
go to place whatever is I just know that
they sell all the golden diamonds over
here and there's a massive t-rex coming
up so I'm going to go show you why not
guys check out this massive dinosaur
this is real bones I've told you guys
this before it's like I don't know
what's wrong but it's really cool I me
and my family are just passing by it
just walking around chillin you know
it's super busy today and I've set aside
full time but it really is so we're
going to go now
let's find something cool
timo lured away team Lana is a loser and
for all of you that got a shout out on
my video they're going to pop up on the
screen now so yeah all of your names are
going to be here
my sister is currently shopping for
plates for her nails did you find the
right one girl shopping is so boring
like
what is all of this stuff really
all right
the ways that I could mean the duck
my sister and mom are trying to buy some
disks this is all nail stuff I know it's
not supposed to be my blogs guys but
watching your luck yeah this is for the
one girl watching alright guys that is
the final design as you can see good
right look at this
little million things in the kitchen
push they already got scared so my
sister's just picking out loads of these
little you know nail varnishes and
varnishes or varnishes taking super long
because she is just alright so we're
finally done my sister got everything
she ever wanted as a child
yep it's time to go so my sister just
took a Gucci magazine because they
sprayed us and she just wanted a
magazine it's unisex apparently Mason it
smells like women's ones I'm just seeing
an AI zone waiting for mom and sister to
finish up and I'm in the shoe section
which looks pretty cool
look at that all of that and you can see
me lying down in the mirror but yeah we
should be done here soon and leaving I'm
good I'm happy they're seats because at
least I can sit and not wait around for
hours I'm so bored like literally I
don't know can we find my mom sister in
the background nope nowhere to be found
but I'm just sitting you know minding my
own business on these type of chairs and
yeah we're just waiting there's not even
good music shagging karaoke to night
Norma I'll just be sitting in shops like
you know doing my thing on the
microphone but nope just after wait over
here all of these awesome chess sets and
stuff like that they're all pretty cool
right
Harry Potter's is which Ansari's now
that's not easier that is in the middle
and then where is Ron reason is there
Dumbledore and Voldemort is that one
guys they actually sell Google glasses
here look is that the box should I pick
up my yourself a Google glass try to put
it back why is it is that you know
that's not you I think that's someone
else that's been included six thousand
four hundred guess I a thousand
something pounds alright guys so we are
on our way home and see my mother sister
in the background eight shopping didn't
go according to plan
mama sister couldn't find any clothes
and I couldn't find my tripod I went to
try and find like a gorilla pod so when
I do running you guys get Berra hangs
black didn't find it so it's on the way
for them to jump down now
and I think they're just going to head
to lights head Baker just for like a
final look fuck that we're going to go
home sauce you got sued peace oh yeah
shoes and more shoes
because I love shoes right so I think
that is quite a gathering around this
Burj Khalifa I'm going to flip my screen
so you can see me yeah let's reconnect
to the water show
there you go
so bossing by the I string and you can
hear the song
like a full-on disco over here that's
pretty cool
Nexen Isaac right now
nice vehicle right
the disco lights
hi guys finally at home time we are
going was a love day today we found the
best parking because
is downstairs was like packed out where
we came upstairs there was no fog which
is pretty weird but let me open the door
without not kick anyone
yeah we're inside now now we're gonna
make our way home I think that you lazy
pencil skirt yes it means you could oh
it's not them long skirts I gotta see an
hour it's Nora your skirts at pants but
skirt yeah it's like so tight you get
into a car I'm boiling line eatery got
10 second walk in the parking work out
for months
yeah we're gonna make our way home yeah
you're gonna have a vlog break for you
we just caught peace guys that kind of
cool that matte black I bring down your
window matte black x6 is that
looking upstairs probably you fuckin
side in other words you remind me yes
sir got a show on a real no lag so we
just got home and our cat friend is on
our wall
you're always here aren't you yep is
yeah what you doing get away from my car
get away from the Range Rover and then
we have the unseeable Lambo let's go to
site Batman's car you can never see it
never alright guys my sister left her
water in the car so I have to go get it
alright cool
alright school it's cool so pretty much
my sister wanted her water let's see is
it inside here look at that that's
pretty cool right guys mind Rover and
then I think they go actually continues
when you open the door but oh she wanted
was her water because she left it in the
car and by morning time it would be no
point beep all right time to go inside
and give her her water woohoo and this
is the homeless cat getting some nice
food boy guys it's my sister's little
baby
Oh guys if you haven't already watched
oh yeah guys just a back story we found
key in the parking lots you had a broken
leg a car ran over and we pretty much
adopted their own Savior from there to
get two of them I made a vlog about it a
long time ago I don't think has many
views but yeah check it out I think the
name is like rescuing a dying key or
something like that
my sister is running her own salon at
home Matt Lana or 786 if you need any
booking nope nope this is now your
full-time job what mommy with me what is
this this is some kind of herbal is it
tea RUC insider mole just leaves inside
there
no it's actually it this is like the
most fresh you can get look blue you'll
not get anything more fresh than this is
like putting the real perp inside that's
like putting an Amazon forest in your
drink beer guys if you haven't already
followed me on snapchat do so because we
post stuff like this actually not that
one where where is it's that one yeah
both my snapchats are pretty much in the
description so you can follow us anyways
guys hopefully you enjoyed today's vlog
bubble is being crazy over and dare I
just want to say able work one more time
for you guys celebrating I hope you had
a great day we have a hectic day we're
trying to find the mold park you just a
parking but for now see you guys hey my
sister wants to say it over to you guys
yeah
I will see you guys there goodbye
