good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it's currently in the morning I
need to charge my shaver so I thought
I'd show you the whole system it has all
right so about to charge my shaver I
think you put it in this way and then
you press I'm not sure start or it's one
of these buttons hopefully it should do
something there we go that is pretty
loud anyways I'm gonna let my shaver do
its thing I don't know if you can still
hear it's quite loud it's gonna take
like an hour to fully clean it I'm just
going to start out a couple of things
today I need to go buy myself another
hard clap I'm filling up my other one
and I need to store everything else on
my other computer I have so yeah let's
go and buy myself one extra hard drive
well that's great guys I parked my car
under the tree and it looks like there's
explosive diarrhea on the car uh what
the hell it's been shat on my every
possible I think that's a fruit that's
just bird one night well that is
the best way to start your car with the
explosive diarrhea it's like one day I
park on the distri well that's great
anyways this guy my sister's just
standing in my skateboard like she's a
boss but she's not thank you I'm sorry
for the wind it's just really windy
today just need to quickly go get myself
a harddrive there was something else I
actually needed I just can't remember it
was like something I actually looked up
on online oh yeah it was a gorilla pod I
can get a gorilla pod as well yeah
that's it guys so I'm gonna go search
around and see why I need for my youtube
setup
look at these cool doors oh I love
electronic stores guys it's just the
best place to be right they've got all
the TVs and laptops and computers okay I
think my ologist have found something
what did you find what did you find okay
all right I think actually I have like a
helmet mount but I've just never used it
I was gonna use it once but the place I
went the helmets were a proper so
quickly actually there we go hard drives
okay knowing the search of the one I
need
so this is the thing I'm picking up for
the hard drive but I'm coming across
these gorilla pods on it this one says
hashtag blogger yeah I think this is a
perfect match for me Oh Mitch you just
on the floor cuz all of these on the
floor I'm also just looking at me I
don't know what the differences are
which one is better so that's why I'm
kind of stuck here looking this one
looks pretty good as well though it's
not this big I don't know but I'll use
all four cameras yeah that was
definitely for a camera
I don't know what that noise is but I
kind of confused I'm just gonna look
around I'll tell you why get yeah
I'm sure look around for now hi guys so
I got the things I needed I got like the
biggest Gorillapod there was I was
thinking about it and then I was like
sometimes it might need to like wrap it
around the pole or something like that
I put my stuff there so yeah hopefully
you're gonna see nicer like running
clips and I can do proper skateboarding
clips from now on gonna go are we gonna
go home for now or are you
where's McFly can you tell me where
McFlurry is so you want to make Larry
from McDonald's alright well guys basic
knowing all right so I've come to this
car wash place entered the code I think
I need to go inside all right be right
back I think I need to go inside the
paper I've never come here so I don't
know how car washes work over here it's
like one of them things that you go
inside Mike let me quickly show you
there you go here car goes inside and
has a car wash but obviously me being a
beginner at this didn't know so I'm
quickly gonna go inside and see what's
up so I got myself a ticket with the
code on it and yeah let's see how this
thing is I'm gonna record from inside
obviously never done this before so it's
kind of weird I was like I was like
being really dumb but because I've never
actually been through honesty so once it
let me just quickly give the okay look
at all of this mess though oh that's
alright take the camera and then I'm
just gonna go type in the code there you
go
then I type in the code
so guys you can see my vlogs about to
get his car washed typing in some code
into the Machine apart need to do that
before you enter
it looks lost
see
I
I need could be reversed does he know
what's behind me oh boy make sure all
the windows are up in the bucket as well
in the back no gaps I have no idea if
I'm gonna fit through this yes you are I
see two things on the floor though
you're slowly slowly it says go slowly
forward and when it says stop you stop
there we go I think I switched off my
engine okay okay so we're inside close
guys yeah make sure everything's Cologne
okay it's raining man I don't know how
well you guys can see that
I know my thing is actually ting it's
turned off my car
Thank You army - I think it's fine yeah
there you go
this is so weird
I can't wait until the other flappy
thing start turning on there's any
I can't what you okay got this off do my
windows okay there yeah that's good car
back off so I got my windows out now
okay yeah I'm really scared they're kind
of a crowd there's one of my shadows off
oh this is carwash experience of 101
straight from inside have you ever been
in love yeah it's my first time too
what happens if an eye starts clamping
on you this thing bag get off
whoa I was actually getting scared I
thought I was just gonna keep going oh
my god I feel like it's gonna come with
us
this is like the scariest car oh there
we go there we go oh there's a big mouth
pole
what the hell what the hell we're gonna
get oh my god oh my god it's right in
our face
it's right how do I know
Oh can you see it it's like on every
side
yeah
it's like what is going on
well well not thank you very cool I
guess it's an experience for the first
time behind us it's like there's a
monster coming for us at the back I am
so far
I wish the windows are down or a/c was
on people to get the camera it's like
bezel
I know I told you see the definitely got
that
doing
Wow
it has to get this close so imagine all
right guys that thing has gone up I'm
not sure if it's time to leave yes
there we go that's the end of our day
and time to go home there you can have
the camera you can record so still
working just be careful in jail I know
this I'm not gonna bring my wares out
until I got yes so let's go all right I
told I feel super tight you good okay we
got ourselves out and like then just
bring my moves out
anyways guys it's time to go home okay
no it's not time to go home it's time to
get me is literally about to die so we
decided we're just gonna sit inside and
have our McFlurry in there I think my
camera's gonna die soon if it doesn't
I'll show you that ice cream if it does
then I'm sorry I'll continue at home
could the birds are they songs or I
don't even know they're not you know
they're seagulls all right
time to go inside and look by the way
once a it's in my hand there we go my
tripod I'm gonna try and make this a
selfie stick all right skateboard is
ridiculous ah your boy is good all right
so I got the gorilla pod out oh I
dropped something why is that
okay literally empty but here it is my
bad there we go
that is the gorilla pod that I guides
it's quite big actually let me try and
put my camera on it and recorded it
there you go it's opening up there very
good
so I've got like a little selfie stick
it's not too big but tell me if like it
helps a little bit more let me try and
bend the third one as well because it's
got like three no things I wish I could
record it for you guys how I'm holding
it actually I probably can let me just
quickly even like I'm gonna quickly take
my phone and show you guys what is there
so I don't know if you guys can see my
phone here there you go you can
definitely see it look that is my little
hood selfie stick for now alright guys
so I'm using my old camera to record so
I can show you my new stuff so it's not
much different to I used but I know this
is again for you guys wondering why I
use in my last video I had it in my hand
and I couldn't show you but this is the
camera I used as a g7x Scott flip screen
and now I just added this gorilla pod
these are what these are called so I
think this is how
you blog you from now on just get myself
a good angle so tell me what you guys
think the clip that you saw before this
when I was using it did you think it was
good or not but hopefully you enjoy my
new cell type of thing just keeping you
updated on why you use it's pretty cool
but I think because it's new it's really
sturdy like I can't bend it that easily
so I'll see once I use it more if it
gets a bit more like I know flexible
yeah and there you go hopefully you
enjoy juices so the other day you guys
might remember that I broke my toy but
finally found the spare parts to the
wings so I'm gonna replace them right
now I'm gonna use this to film it so
this is already coming into use
alright so I'm gonna get started I'm
doing it all on camera for the first
time hopefully I don't ruin anything so
first of all I need to find the ones
that are broken so okay that one's
broken I don't know if you guys can see
it be probably card it's like in the
corner there there there you can you can
actually see it okay broken ones going
to the side new one is coming into place
alright first ones done guys onto the
second one I think I broke this while I
was doing it I broke the landing thing
but I don't think that should be a
problem focus alright guys I'm done the
helicopter is fully recovered I'm just
gonna quickly test it and if it works
we're gonna play within tomorrow's vlog
let's see all right moment of truth
let's see if this bad boy works fine
young guys let's see if it works
well I think it's worse than last time
it doesn't even come off the floor oh
dear
huh the lousy fail alright guys we'll
have no idea what's going on let me know
what I can do in the comment section to
fix it because it's not even going off
the floor I don't know what I've done to
it but that's pretty much it fail
anyways guys if you did enjoyed today's
video drop a like share with your
friends we managed to break my thing not
really wheels just me I don't know what
I did to it but let me know in the
description what I did wrong maybe I
closed it wrong I know I think it all
looks good but yeah if you did enjoy
today's vlog drop a like share with your
friends and I'll see you guys with
tomorrow Yoli y'all know deuces
