so guys we're starting in the morning
today for one so I'm sorry in the
morning it's like 4 o'clock or 5 o'clock
so whenever I uploaded my whisper
challenge anyways but yeah we're gonna
go out now see how the day he goes I
don't even know where we're going but
yeah let's see what happens today so we
are now leaving our supermarkets to
connect guys at Pizza Hut
KFC oh my god yes KFC why are you
vlogging boy yeah the other day guys
well this was an odd day I was like four
weeks ago three weeks ago when we had
KFC delivery at home and I remember
someone commented oh my god and Dubai
there's KFC delivery at home and they're
like mom we're gonna move to the Vai and
it's even funny because they also have
McDonald's delivery now I've never seen
McDonald's delivery myself so that's
really weird too we are finally home
look at this bad boy I know we haven't
been out with them in a long time I'm
sorry I just um I've been busy I've
released daily for a long time now and
I've even been doing two a day like the
day where you guys got that funny
don't judge me challenge or another day
I did something else oh yeah when I did
the PewDiePie reaction thing that was
two videos in one day so I've been
working like seriously hard I know like
in the vlogs I seem so happy and
mindless and everything but trust me
it's stressful like Ashley but like 3:00
a.m. 4:00 a.m. sometimes I've even once
slept at 5 a.m. and woke up at 9 just to
do my YouTube stuff so it is very hectic
even my sister knows how hard do I work
very very hard I know I tried to make it
seem so easy because you know your boys
out here doing his thing about joking so
yeah that's what I've been doing lately
I'm sorry if the vlogs have been just
different or not starting early alright
guys so we're home look at this please
can someone tell me who let you come all
I let my chair out again these guys
scratch my chair No why do I always
forget to put it in the bucket look at
that you see that actually I think
that's just dirt I'm not sure if it's
done I look a bubble really are you
kidding me
look how weird that is you can actually
see my fingers look at that I whoa
okay you ready guys Oh other than
literally guys if you guys know where to
get these from go and buy one this thing
is so much fun it's just like you know
the game Angry Birds what what you guys
probably already seen this picture on my
Instagram it this is why pop on
Instagram day has been very slow I'm
sorry about that but it's because I've
just been at home the whole day you can
see I'm on my computer editing the vlog
and I'm about to play my friend on
PlayStation I'm just setting it up I
think I just reset I never see e8 games
it's time to play your boy just scored
what no boy was it i winning
turn up turn up me winning the game sore
loser on Scott what that's it that's it
the games pretty much over i won yeah
let's see I stayed in the middle that's
ridiculous
guys did you not see that oh my god
why is this game ah your boy just got
cheated man don't even give me that
smile your boy got cheated look at that
oh that's ridiculous
alright it's cool it's cool this is how
we play with bubbles nowadays he just
loves watching it is it really that
interesting you can literally go for
hours and he won't stop company okay try
and stop it let's see if he complains
is he gonna complain oh I know those
guys it's literally don't flip the
screen it's 20 to 12 midnight and we're
gonna go get some McDonald's outside is
dark so I took this little toy thing or
you shoot up in there
you guys saw in yesterday's vlog I'm
gonna do it again you just to entertain
that it like I don't understand what
their hand is so entertaining about oh
oh alright now this guy's gonna go for
hours right we're gonna go get some
McDonald's at midnight and let's see
what we do all right it's darker than
usual cause it's like 12 o'clock
midnight but when you give the camera to
my sister and she's gonna continue
recording so that's super sweet
I know please be just one second man my
fans love this hurry
ah press this button and it turns on
okay can we go this
what
let's go that's good we just ordered our
milk you can see McDonald's yeah I
really like that color Range Rover that
red you see it don't you think that it's
awesome
no no cherry action on it just a boring
I always like like why turn back
turbulence I read off a cadet hat game
on feeling hey what's up
now you're saying no I'm too tired yeah
I think that it's awesome we're gonna do
our McDonald's go home and eat and I
want to play with this some more like
I'm just learned how to turn on and off
the light so I feel like this is an
investment now for me woah woah laser
looks awesome right
wow this is actually the best thing so
to Durham's you can pick this up
probably get like loads of them for like
much cheaper beer gonna go
karmak DS look at that I guys opening
his door to get his stuff
guys you do not believe how busy that
McDonald's was it was like everyone was
running on top of each other it was like
crazy but obviously they weren't good at
hard and then get your meal to you yeah
food makes you happy yeah yeah that's
that's how I feel right now I don't know
just generally being honest with you
guys today I've just been in a bad mood
I don't know why you know why oh oh my
god wait stop your flash it's our turn
oh joy on the right on the right now
that's a hospital yeah yeah but we're
gonna go home guys and eat midnight yeah
so oh you're so annoying in my free hugs
ice cream oh yeah we forgot to do that
oh okay I can't be quiet now trying to
I'm trying to vlog okay
is off
which on this one onion versus 999 said
cappen if I'm about to go and get
someone else's dog off some tags only
got $20 in my pocket
I'm nothing looking for Donna this is
late night firing you know just like my
gun I imagine if I had a gun this is it
except this ain't really the best gun
all right you ready aim fire
mm what did you do I've completely
broken its own oh yeah
food time food time food time I came out
like everything else watches aim the
Stars fire
okay going out all right let's go yep we
denied okay so we're back at home look
at my tomato
all right can I hit you in the face
today please please you hit me right
just close close your face and let me
just hit you in the eye was so funny as
their I wish this yeah Oh fine and
sticky anymore like pretty much you can
actually watch these i way they make the
camera this way so I can see where I'm
throwing out all right you ready what I
literally you can make these decorations
that dig my sister and I love the fact
that it focus is so nicely and she's
blurry so he don't have to see her
anymore his see the tomato hi Cassius
yeah what what she got them skills - she
got
it's leaking or without your hand is
your food this is my sister's baby oh I
was giving that look it's because she
knows his food does not know I want food
our food I got 99 problems but a baby
ain't one look at you in it he boy it
should make you another sandwich guys
good sorry it's not leather
not that I has zero calories you know
that it's a proven fact Nutella does not
make you gain weight Nutella is the boss
not that ah oh my god teachers look so
perfect
okay open it just look so perfected
bearing in mind it's like 1:00 a.m.
who's awake who's Aliante I need to get
like a nice close up oh my god this is
so beautiful
oh I guess no exactly oh it's not tell
our nature you guys have Nutella
everyone got enough head off I'm done
the end of the very good sort do taste
of test do it we want to know how's it
taste
what what yes confirm what her as the
best issue chocolate in the world except
from you know other stuff other guys I
almost forgot to mention we got bubbles
his new house McDonald's bag I public
bubble stock start ripping up doing your
thing what what he doesn't like it
you know sure all right go for it go for
it go go into McDonald's bag she's
trying to see is it worth it yeah looks
good that's how he budget
that's how he's like oh yeah road chip
inside there yeah that work Thank You
Meucci no okay just wants to check
buying him in wow so created fun alright
hold hold here here you want you want
the new new chip go inside your house
wait there you go oh okay okay chip boy
you inside there very good I say he
makes that's how you make him start
playing with his toys you just throw
through didn't that Oh already abusing
it doesn't like the toy voices yeah that
that is very he'll soon get the chip out
yet there you go oh ok not he went under
me all right I think I've got the
perfect meal Nuggets cheeseburger fries
ketchup and a drink that's a happy meal
anyways guys we just finished having our
McDonald's now one of you guys could be
fat in my last video or one of my last
videos said I was gaining weight you
know okay hands up in there I accept it
I know I know I've been eating good here
but yeah that is the end of todays video
hopefully you enjoyed and
finish my burger so stop calling me fat
and yeah if you enjoyed today's video
I'll see you guys later
why is she doing come on Oh yummy yellow
and I'll see you guys there boy
