she kept chunky Yankee okay good morning
guys and welcome to another vlog today
we're starting out in the car I'm gonna
tell you a couple things that happened
before I start to these look so first of
all I want to say thank you for all the
snapchats you guys said I looked at a
couple more today with my sister that
was a lot of awesome ones I didn't get
to record but snapchat is awesome so
make sure to follow me down in the
description is my name and going to my
friend's house or my mom's friend
so yeah let's start this journey who
says yeah it's her birthday if you
should know that okay I'm gonna try and
practice plug-in I'm gonna practice blah
they slow down to your mind slow down
you know I hate this so she's pretty
much taking over my channel at the
moment to practice her vlog it's kind of
selfish Oh Rebecca just other places
excessive rude so finally here guys were
just quickly running to get a small gift
and coming back we're gonna go through
the park that me and my friends always
come i like this road like I think it's
all nice and the houses I've loads of
trees here but yeah we should be back we
just quickly to go get something I know
we're not going to depart because I just
realized the gate we need to go through
is actually closed so we're continuing
to go through this street it's gonna be
a complicated procedure we just have to
go this way we're literally walking down
the same street and my sister was
complaining that I'm not vlogging so you
know what here you go you can vlog now
you can take over it's the same street
so what are we doing now go get a
birthday present for once my our friends
and we're just walking there hopefully
we won't forget it will come back my
brothers
imitating love it blah blah blah blah
blah it's been really rude
anyway once you're finished we'll come
back the weather's amazing here yeah so
I really don't know what to say
yellow you look alright let me apologize
for letting her do two blogging that was
awful
alright so super hot guys will be
finding our gifts we also got flowers
they do it super dope green flowers what
okay I swear I heard movements under
that tree
but yeah we're gonna go ahead off to
their house now and I'm dying just from
this like hundred miradorn that one you
don't like what can open this ready
alright so we have to cut the stems of
the flowers we didn't know about that so
we're doing it here guys look at their
birds as well I didn't get the video but
he was playing with the Bell oh they
actually took your job I'll try my mic
talk to them they're probably the crazy
like why bad did you say guys the brain
he just raised him I'm not sure if I got
down the video that's so rude you might
be going outside not to see the dog so
I'm really scared that we might by I'm
not sure probably what but I'm still
scared
Oh Oh we came to buy a game
they're super big oh really yeah but it
looks like a nice dog no I cannot now my
fear is going on because at the
beginning he was like did you know is it
what's his name Marty I don't know oh
look he's Bryce ball he wants to play he
wants to play see the play with them
please oh look at him yeah he's like the
tetazoo give me the ball he's not giving
me what's up Marley actually really
friendly oh my God he's like we had a
friend actually and they had a dog like
him you always on to the jump look at a
camera just trust him and look at the
camera like it they give it you know
will given it will give it a look good
give it up give it a pull it's not
giving me the ball
oh my god give me the ball
this guy's so big oh I actually really
love dogs you're my new dog you're my
new dog he runs okay let me try and get
the ball from him um I want a dog now
Marley way was his name Marlon
but I think he's drinking water
yeah there's like a look he's so thirsty
oh I'll he kick the ball now the big
guys got it is he gonna let go of it oh
my god let's take you out I'm scared to
do it myself
no no I'm gonna give it to moe
I'm gonna give it to me boy boy boy boy
okay right oh yeah here yeah I think
they want to play over is your hand wet
yeah his head he dropped it he dropped
it okay no you pick it up you pick it
out distractor you got it oh oh oh my
god the fight for it okay now you're
never getting it back which one has it
oh no yes again no it's okay Marlin has
it though he gives the ball to us come
on it
you give us the boy I think he's getting
used to us
chop-chop oh okay okay ah
okay now we're never getting it back
yeah he would never give us the bull
back so time with the dogs guys all
right ready look at that we've got them
in a perfect video shoot type of thing
oh my god I'm taking two I'm taking the
video and photos of my sister's iPhone
that's actually amazing they came for a
photo
oh my god he's having too much fun all
right so this is officially the end of
Marlon and Bobby Bobby yeah we named him
really love dogs hopefully you enjoyed
the clip so you got the bye
deuces we had a really good day it's
time to go home All Right see I think we
need to go to town quickly but yeah cool
dogs and it was good catching up with
really really good old friends so let's
turn on the car and get headed guys look
at these monkeys
I ready to leave my mother sister have
been shoe shopping for like hours that's
why I was at least half an hour
like a it's been a long time and I just
want to go home now
so today you can join our shopping from
trolley view I think this is a great
view
I saw someone make a video like this and
they just like attach their trolley you
know what are you doing is are you work
what is this
is that yours I thought you literally
took it from one of them and you're just
gonna wear it around the store so we
finally found it oh my god shout to one
of my fans they said they have it in
Tesco yeah we're not in Tesco at the
moment though but when you luckily ran
into at Sainsbury's but still give you a
shout out to my brother really yeah
because I was actually gonna go Tesco
after this to find it so it would have
definitely been there but this is like a
cocoa expert I'm in love with how need
you wanna get what like gimme wait when
today's fire she's giving them what you
want more alright guys this is just kind
of killing it now well you're taking one
of them are you kidding not really
that's that's that's not even thing okay
this is a cocoa addict in the making
there's no more left okay come on no
there's not there's no much there's no
okay there actually is make sure all the
ones you got 2017 because
sixteen good like thankfully one two
three four five six seven eight like two
four six eight
yeah you got eight is that enough what
Addie's where's the 2017 no no
definitely not
alright guys let me let her know how
ridiculous she's being I think now
they're not gonna bring them back yeah
because people like you they're
literally gonna bring it back just
because they saw what you did there and
I if it's that popular then why when I
see this I see fatness I'm sorry a
monkey they're not gonna eat it no let's
just get a normal muffin fish don't eat
me please don't eat me and starfish who
cares
all right let's just go I don't know if
she's like the dumbest person in the why
are you so excited about nests creep all
right guys when I get a few bucks you
know what this Emily
from when she was like 1 years old yet
you take an injection and you put it
into the baby's veins and that's how
they become addicted I'm in love with
that girl you're crazy guys well that's
our shopping complete it was nine you
got an extra one strawberry go home guys
the heaviest bag is literally like five
kilograms of cocoa powder really
couldn't you just like get someone else
to give you cocoa powder all right done
yeah manually you push it down duh we're
vlogging I keep saying Logan like I
decided to stay in the back because my
mom was singing along to come and sit
and plus I can stretch my legs shut up
and chill in the back said you're not
vlogging I didn't do anything wrong
guilty what did he do
okay calm down calm down I'm not gonna
cut this wait wait oh that's very fast
very fast driving just calm down let's
get home in one piece that we do
blogging no no no I need to know what's
going away what's up
don't worry about it okay what's
happened this happened no I'm gonna play
it back oh it's like a baby it's such a
beautiful cat green eyes I'm gay
anyways guys I just got home gonna wrap
up the vlog here I've got like 60 or 70
snapchats to look at because I asked
people if I should spray paint my
skateboard so I need to see your replies
on that but if you enjoyed today's vlog
smash the like button Yolo Yolo Yolo
Yolo it's like a twist motion but that's
like the picture on the unit that's like
young leonova that was young y'all know
hi anyways y'all know y'all know guys
you know what we'll see you guys
tomorrow
first you start off with a peace sign
then it's yellow yellow yah yah yah yah
yah I will see you guys next time
