good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I'm obviously behind the camera now
the reason I started the vlog here is my
sister randomly came to my room and she
put this on all of the phones now this
is her phone and she's putting on my
phone Wow it's a good thing it's not
working why are you trying to put that
picture on my phone what's wrong with it
I don't understand why are you putting
these pictures on all the phones what
the hell is that picture is literally
putting on all the phones guys alright
I'm seeing here playing my game but you
know it doesn't download the picture on
your phone I actually thought you had
something legit to do in my phone and
then how long it take to put a picture
look first of all I do not know how to
save this picture of your watch that
you're so weird I'm gonna end up being
like what type of beginning to our vlog
is is you just can't put this little cat
on my phone alright so I'm going out
obviously now and we're heading to my
uni a lot of you had a question what was
I doing last year did I go to uni and
where did I go to uni so I guess I can
tell you now that I'm going to my uni
right now I went to Queen Mary
University
so University and like East London I
think it's pretty good but I'm going
there I need to do some stuff over there
my sister needs to post some stuff at
the post office so today's vlog alright
so I'm just waiting in the car now my
mother says so I've gone to the post
office quickly and after this we're
going to be headed to my University to
sort out a couple of things and after
that I'm going home finally the friend I
said it was coming around yesterday
might be coming around today by day they
always say they're coming around they
just never end up coming you'll see him
you'll know why this guy always does
this his name is Josh Saunders I'm just
gonna put it out there josh is not a
good friend no joking there we go guys
mom and sister are finally here you can
see them running to my car
there you go you can see them in that
mirror as well
I got Stila parsing we're coming near
our union you can see there's lot of
really nice buildings over there no cars
come behind me was it still red
hi guys there is my university we're
walking bike is the place I need to go
is to the Maps Department of it but
there's the road here's Queen Mary if
not if you have seen it hopefully this
answers your questions about where I go
to university crossing the road yes we
got let's go there you go Queen Mary
University of London it's actually so
hot guys today I don't know what
happened over there someone was hunky or
someone else but yeah it's extremely hot
as I was saying but I mean a hot this is
like the by type of weather but we're
almost there and I need to just quickly
go and something in and we're back off
the hole we are all done time to go home
have it in also beeping no Jack it's
time to go home I need to message my
friend and certainly to be a bit later I
told him I'd be home in like half four
but I think by the way it's going now
it's going to be like five or half five
maybe so I need to go and let him know
about that
like the slowest walkers in the universe
and you guys already know that by now
one last shot for you of my University
this is it this is like the main
building hopefully you guys can see it
my own sister are here for coming to my
uni nope you're just going to the toilet
that's where you're going oh no I'm not
letting my sister sit on my couch this
is personally my couch or when I came to
uni this was my couch
why you haven't even been driving you're
so lazy whoa look at your shoes they're
so sick
you got them fresh kicks sitting with my
gaze on
this uni is so empty I cut alright
finally leaving the Uni let's say
goodbye to it bye bye well let me try
and get a nice split like say bye-bye to
my uni when my chains on then it then it
I got it like a weirdo let's finally go
home super hot to even be hotter in the
car
yep I guess so damn alright there you go
thank you alright guys so we're
currently at the McDonald's takeaway
place we're getting three ice creams I'm
getting mine you know the cone and the
flake on our sister just getting them
boring you know cut ones we should be
done here I'm super excited I'm hungry I
don't even know if I should be eating
this it's look it's not good for the
belly you know but it's alright I've
been exercising it off
you can pick up love yourself hey I'm
tired I have a headache okay yeah yeah
we get we get it we're gonna go yeah we
don't you to part while we're having an
ice cream are you sure about that yes I
always drive with one hand it's very
safe it's in the law book if I see a
police officer I'm taking this out by
hand yeah yeah they should be putting
that hi guys I got my dairy milk
McFlurry can't wait to have that mmm
it tastes really good on a sunny day so
yeah that's why we all got it yeah look
at me mandus plate oh oh my god oh my
god so night yeah
okay so can I start you mind no great
okay so I think I'm the best driver ever
I can drive logging and having an ice
cream but I don't need hands I'm joking
it's the red light obviously I wouldn't
do this once the took light turns green
Mia snaps turn green you can take it
right up on that there we go in stop the
block deuces
it's been like five hours my sister it's
taking so long my sister is taking off
her shoes but you want doctor reason or
phone fella is cuz she wanted to take
off her shoes you showed it broke no I
need to see you in a Costner I there's
so much traffic you don't remember when
I told you that my friend I'll tell him
I'll be home at 5:00 it's five o'clock
and I'm nowhere near home it's gonna
take like another hour to get home look
look how busy is in front of me
oh my god we're not gonna be able to
really you've crossed your legs and you
just like oh my feet are like dying they
feel tingly like you know when I take
the camera took that on board the worst
trip of my life I've not seen so much of
traffic on this road in my life
yeah it's bad it's bad yeah so basically
we hold like four hours - II restart the
vlog now okay guys so we are basically
heading home and hopefully we get to
have some nice coffee or tea good in the
kitchen Oh make me a sign
yes so that space to get I can't let's
go
my bucks hey can you stop guys four
hours into the journey she's got her
feet oh my like she's gonna have it as
windscreen wipers soon just like
cleaning doing great really Wow yeah
wiping on the dust I can take the
cameraman wheel you're making me drive
do camera stuff everything i feet are
dying wait what's that thing in the
movie The Karate Kid movie wash in
washout why is it everyone is looking
you guys up to date it's literally
another hour from the last time I've
vlogged still stuck in traffic I don't
know how well you can see it imma turn
down the radio because it's just making
a squished boys like Shh oh yeah we're
all super tired as you can see our like
I'm driving is even worse for me cuz I'm
my mother stick and put their feet up I
think okay there might be an accident no
I'll give it to she what's going on
Peter oh my goodness
oh
alright guys finally got home I took off
my shoes for the ride because my feet
were aching so I couldn't need to put
them back on oh my god this was the
longest trip ever
I can't even be bothered to tie my laces
guys they're just completely open I just
want to get inside take a pair for rest
why I'm just dying my sister's I don't
know what she's doing right now she's
just what have you had too much Sun in
your face yeah alright so my friend just
texted me he's gonna be at mine at like
5 minutes so you're gonna meet one of my
new friends that you guys haven't seen
before
his name is Josh alright my friend still
hasn't showed up and I'm just here to
quickly take my skateboard from my boot
whenever I Drive this thing drives me
mad so took you out let me just quickly
dock the car and let's go and let me see
if I can meet him halfway
I think he is close by I'm not gonna
vlog this to danger I was in like a
gravel pit yeah I reverse and ass-wang
the steering wheel weenie like it
literally just went but then I couldn't
quite drive off in Spanish in James is
here before Josh and Josh said he was
gonna be here an hour ago
yeah this barely goes well you guys
didn't even invite me
no Josh's told me he was round the
corner and then he's drunk oh yeah I
texted all the how many quarters away
are you why you should be here soon
anyways
sure
it's good though innit I just found out
I'm front of look guys my friend Josh
finally got here before I turn the
camera on him I told you you don't like
a confirm one before yesterday anyways I
changed a little you changed I take
again this is that all right here is
Josh my friend next to JD hey guys this
is Josh
yeah he's a bit tagged at the moment oh
yeah his Instagram
nice tree he was quite like skin before
father would be I'm gonna leave his
Instagram in the description gorgeous go
kill him for being so late he's been
he's a late by like an hour and a half
he told me an hour and a half ago I'm
round the corner mo I was just waitin me
that's why I was everywhere but you
mental about someone else be not that
person sankaku thank catfish your son
anyway she said he was round the corner
like an hour and a half ago and that's
why I didn't vlog so if there's a lack
of logs today it's because of him you
can literally go on his Instagram and
just just blame him that's his fault so
yeah give us a funny face what here's a
funny face here's a funny face funny I'm
gonna be funny too funny face did a
funny face no don't fight facing the now
stop don't funny face the hustle the kid
that wasn't find out what not dog two
strikes you from watching either I'm
videoing myself saying up alright guys
as you knew I was in the back a couple
weeks ago I haven't sat my playstation
to now my username is lion 8/7 wait was
it Josh what's my username on
PlayStation
it's lyin nine eight seven six five six
five all right that's my username I can
remember off my heart so go ahead and
add it I'll say one more time lion nine
eight seven six five so yeah I'll be
playing with you guys soon
just add me I'm kidding that's his
username you can add him I don't know my
usually a month did I turn this on all
right guys let's go through the
snapchats first one is your sultan let's
see
Yolo Yolo thanks bro appreciate it
let's go shout to all these people
alright let's get into the third one
yonder Yolo thanks man
let's go quick on them Yolo Yolo shout
to all of these people by the way
appreciate you guys sending all of these
Tesco has plastic boxes oh thank you
appreciate it we wanted them next one
Yolo where's the yellow man alright
alright I'm just going to show you the
last two and then off that I'm just
going to look at them for myself and I
won't put them in the video I don't want
to make this section too long last to
you guys the ugly unappreciated bur and
then young Leona alright thanks for all
your responses guys make sure to follow
me on snapchat links in the description
I'll do like stuff like this once in a
while just to give you guys a little
shout out and yeah just put you in the
video if you want to be in the video so
thanks a lot I appreciate it
do some low Yolo Yolo I just finished
recording the steps you guys sent me but
there was actually a couple cool ones
after so some guy from caddy shout to
him he might know it and some other
pretty cool ones I'm sorry I don't
record it I just didn't expect them to
be much different I'm sorry but they're
pretty good so shouts all of you sending
them off I am looking at them it's just
they're not going to be in the video any
longer me my friends are about to make
some rocket League it's a game you guys
probably might know it's like some
racing game you hit the ball so yeah
we're gonna do that from good hours and
I'll continue blogging after that guys
my friend is about score he's actually
about to score you're about to score
turn turn turn
ah this is a game called rocket League
guys tell me about side down yeah you
know you can actually go all the way
above it
dominant it Oh such a fungus face ok
don't we tell me if you guys think I
should make a gaming channel I play this
game and it looks amazing I understand
he loves Josh yeah where are you going
where are you going I'm a dart team dues
man I don't know Danny all right
next what I have to use next one it's
about wanna go Oh what use make the
computers gonna go whoa yeah what did I
I scooped alright guys my friends aren't
even good bye I think you can go through
two window so Joe you peace out deuces
yadda yadda where's the only other oh
yeah not okay no that's I'm dropping out
your figure I'm not putting in the
description he gets the shower alright
peace man peace
bull deuces alright safe man
anyways guys I'm gonna finish the vlog
here hopefully you enjoyed today I
didn't do too much I was just hanging
out with friends by sorta to record it
for you guys it's a lot you just want to
see why I do in a normal day and today
was like one of the more normal days
I've had I guess it's not been too much
going on but yeah if you enjoyed today's
video drop a like thanks for all of your
pictures you sent yonder your lows there
is so many more than I could log and I
didn't get to record them but thanks to
all of you sending them and yeah I'll
see you guys next video young the yellow
deuces
