good good good good
yo what does everyone welcome back to
another vlog how are you doing so we're
starting out today's video in London
because right now we are about to catch
a private jet flight to America yep but
it's cold
it's freezing well we're dying listen
London what is up with your weather man
listen we're here at the private jet
terminal and you know what that means
when you have a private jet terminal
there's always fancy cars check this out
oh yeah oh man leave Antigua but not one
there's two
guys holy moly - Bentley Ben Tigers
anyways we're here we're freezing that's
going let's go catch the flight welcome
welcome welcome
I've voice so here we are at the private
jet terminal as you can see but we're
going to the VVIP lounge
do not disturb watch this living room
where you can chill before your flight
takes off so we have tea coffee chips
food whatever you want and then you can
see your plane right there would you
like a cup of tea sir British alright so
the best thing is they have like a
little lounge area with free food go
ahead bro
free food free food honestly I just
loved the presentation over here you go
old if you're in espressos over here all
of your teas water sparkling water and
even better you can take an apple right
now you're inside the VIP room having
some snacks listen I just want to say if
you're somebody new around here and the
vlogs make sure you subscribe to the
channel smash the like button and be a
part of the family say gang subscribe to
this channel right there this one
bad news bad bad bad news okay so here's
the thing
right now our jet just got delayed by
over an hour so we're stuck here until
it comes it's basically the only reason
I'm sad right now is because it's
already getting dark so by the time the
jet comes we can't even see it because
apparently the jet is stuck in traffic
you're in the air there's no such thing
as traffic why are you late it's time to
board the jet let's go oh my God look at
this this is the jet we're going on
today oh my god it's actually bigger
than any jet we've been on it this is
insane
welcome to the private jet life this is
the private jet it's go time
ready let's go let's go America here we
come boy oh yeah our boy so we are here
time for another seven hour flight bro
are you ready I am I was born ready
let me go all the snacks over here you
ready now yo bro brother
have you realized something good I
touched my head to the ceiling in a jet
the water that's too small bro this is
too small you guys I actually just
realized that I'm as tall as our jet
I know this sounds crazy but the flight
attendants name is Evan I haven't even
made it to American I already found
Stephanie yeah but you know she's hot
though just switched from one Stephanie
to another pro she's hot so I got a
question for Saigon
hi guys so right now we have one hour
left for more flights
I literally just
if you guys can see my eyes so I'm in
the toilet right now if you can see this
and the coolest thing is check this out
guys ready
yeah the toilet is like that our boys
anyways now he just landed in New York
it's time to go and have some fun you
ready I'm tired it was a long flight oh
that's not you wait where do we go bro
there's a helicopter right there that's
ours alright guys we just arrived in New
York and we're gonna take a helicopter
to the city so we're fast we don't have
to be stuck in traffic that's how we do
both oh oh so now it's time to catch a
helicopter
we were not kidding with you or actually
flying to the sea in a chopper get to
the chopper right you ready let's go
here it is the headache up there
whoa it's time to life
what would happen if the propellers
actually came up anyways we are here in
New York just got off the helicopter we
out your caution high wind area football
now is fun and I just feel right live
behind you bro guys welcome to New York
for now the helicopters going
I will very good the helicopter just
took off Oh America we made it our voice
so we are finally at the hotel right now
it has been a long long day I'm glad I'm
here I said now that we're at the hotel
I feel like you guys deserve a hotel
room tour and this place is beautiful so
check out my new hotel suite so here is
the room boys as you can see over here
you have like a really cool sofa and
table that is your little desk for your
laptop but the coolest part is here
welcome to the room so actually when I
got myself some in-room dining right now
Jerell that looks good I'm hungry and if
you guys come around the corner there's
more because this is where your bathroom
is finally made it to New York boys and
you don't be wrecking the mother aboard
aboard anyways now that you actually
received your new round here is probably
time you click that subscribe button cuz
we have a ton of crazy things we planned
for America and I don't think you guys
want to miss out like IV Creek reasoning
listen we have a bunch of cool things
you want to do and a bunch of really
cool people we want to meet so if you
guys think you know who they are
comment down below and yeah anyways
we're here I'm gonna Queenie eat my food
right now so let's get to feasting
oh yeah anyways as always on my end of
today's vlog here listen I'm sorry if
today's blog was a little bit short guys
but I'm super jet-lagged
listen this seven-hour flight back to
back like we went from London to divide
to America or whatever way we went I
don't even remember guys I'm jet-lagged
so but yeah I love you guys so so much
as I already said make sure to subscribe
hit the notification bell and stay tuned
for some more epic blogs in America
alright I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow y'all
