good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today I'm going to pick up my
sister but look at the swag I know a lot
of you guys always love my swag so
that's why I'm showing you guys better
my new shoes so excited but yeah I'm
gonna go pick up my sister and you guys
are going to come with me on the journey
so let's go
alright so we're finally here guys you
can see it's a BMW showroom is just
inside talking about Herc I think it's
kind of busy so I'm going to be done off
to here we're going to go home alright
my sister's finally done we picked her
up at BMW she gave her car in and done
away it's gonna be sorted out but that
means I'm gonna be driving for the next
few days I'm gonna go put this on Petra
on my car now because it's a bit empty
and we should be headed off home after
that and I'm gonna upload my video it
will stress us out are you fighting me
yes alright so right the red light guys
you know your boy is a red light this is
like my channel is known for red light
speed
it's just as soon as it's zero to 40
that's the speed limit plate it's our
turn now I don't even think it's our
turn
I don't know no it's not it there's no
cream man still on
Oh is he still on dammit alright
whenever it's our turn that we're gonna
go cuz you know your boy puts us put
down and that stops it I can't afford to
do it for this long I Green Man is down
Green Man is down so it's not yeah
there's no it's not on anymore oh yeah
all right guys we're at the petrol
station I'm gonna go pump some gas and
we're gonna go I'm walking my way home
right now
I just love my shoes I'm sorry I'm gonna
be showing them a lot recently there you
go those are our mom's shoes sandals
today all right so I'm out before my mom
and sister and that's just because I
want to play on my little skateboard so
I'm gonna get a couple shots for you
guys with music let's just go around
this barking
all right so my moments to start finally
out you ready to go hi
let's go let's put this in the boot
let's go all right so it's been a couple
of hours since I vlog and that has got a
lot of work to do and now it's finally
done my sister's coming to my subnet
squeak oh hey I basically the thing is
my sister they've changed Nesquik a
couple of times now and the one she
wants is the one in the plastic box like
you know the ones that they used to have
fun unfortunately they only has about
other bags the good ones or are they the
ones that you don't weigh these ones
have 20% Coco other other ones used to
have 21 I know it's not a big difference
but it tastes a bit different reasons
way different like I do not know why if
it's one person but also they look
different like it was like a reddish
powder now it's like a different like
the patterns are recording in a wrap for
today at town I'm sorry I didn't a lot
of it
it was mostly work-related stuff so I
couldn't really do anything inside the
places but we're going home now I've got
a couple ideas I need to fix my little
helipad thing which I tried yesterday
I'm broke
and maybe paint my skateboard but I
don't think I'll do that today because
it stinks
I need till I do tomorrow morning
that guy to speed it sounds pretty cool
guys I just saw an ia you guys saw two
that it like revved its way through the
street we're gonna go get to the car now
and go home
don't say that
that's what she's doing guys she was
like there's a cop all da oh my god you
got a cover
oh I'm so sad I couldn't record it but
let's go home I'm gonna put the camera
here it's not gonna fall definitely not
yeah this you're always yeah they put it
on that the carwash is not my fault
are you gonna take the camera cos you'll
just flip off no all right you can carry
on the vlog make it listen to this you
got me going crazy
nah me nah nah me
you know my job I do I need to bring
down the world oh btw hot - let's change
the station to Moscow you're vlogging Oh
cuz she was going around everywhere
that's roughly why I cut it yeah because
it drives so bad it's like David what
are you doing just accelerating it ah
there you go
yeah baby
- so sick yeah you made miss it no we're
all sick so hot dog oh my god
guys that I is
that was pretty crazy guys we were like
kind of chasing the IAE v'n though it
wasn't intentional like everywhere he
went he just came out the same road and
we kept on like kind of following him
unintentionally I'm gonna go inside now
juggle the plastic bags
Lana job with the bags
hi i doesn't carry anything apparently
let me just lock the door and we're good
to go isn't Danny in the boot all right
I'm gonna go get it that's it I keep on
changing mind I have a slight problem at
the moment as you guys know a couple of
days ago I broke my phone you can see
it's all cracked up and you can see some
metal thing on the inside and I'm just
trying to put a picture of my new video
on my snapchat Instagram and my phone
isn't focusing now I've restarted just
to see if it was just like an error or
if it's not happening so I'm gonna go
ahead and try and focus it one more time
all right I think I've broken it's not
it's actually not focusing so out that
means I probably can't take photos with
this anymore
I definitely need to get this sorted out
I actually fixed it I'll tell you what
the problem is if you guys have somehow
run into the same problem so they said I
watched a video and the guy said tap it
so I kept on tapping and you said the
reason you tap it is to give it space to
move the sensor so tapping didn't work
and actually you see I don't know how
well you can see that focus of the phone
let me try alright so as I saying yeah
you see this metal part in the corner I
tried pushing it down in front of you
guys to try and like focus it but I
didn't know pushing it down made it
worse I actually put my nail in it
pulled it back and now it gives space to
the sensor to move and it focuses it's a
life tip with ammo I don't think you
guys will have the same issue but I
don't know helped out I oh I was loud
I'm gonna be doing a bit of gaming
tonight with a couple of my friends if
any of you play counter-strike League of
Legends or Playstation leave your
usernames below
and I will add you whenever I come to
play I don't play these games often but
when I do I just come to this video and
add your user names from the description
so let me know if you do play give them
games so you run away as soon as I blog
by my sister's taking out of love guys
they're going to be spending the rest of
the day with her and her running so
let's go guys let's go
hey guys so today we're going for a run
and my brother got me too oh gosh
one second yeah and my brother wait cut
cut hi everyone so today me and my mom
decided to go for a run
so misty yeah and my brother did not
join us he asked me to vlog the journey
going up the hill and running back I
think he got busy with his friends so he
asked me to blog for him
doing my best as you can see and he I'll
blow all the way so we get back to fix
it so we are just running right now
let's go
okay this is really hard I can see how
difficult it is from work to block his
running and his exercising with one
Panda okay okay just getting it's uphill
right now so it's pretty difficult
okay I can't do this this is so
difficult
holding one hand and vlogging and
running at the same as actual food
okay let me show you the view father
let's see the view
Cory I see it look how nice it looks up
there the sky
we're basically on the highest point of
the hill there's like a river boy I'll
show you see there's like little ducks
in the Wolf River it looks so cute but I
won't go anymore
there they are so as you can see we're
still going we're just halfway beautiful
views and
we need to go another extra mile and
hopefully keep our fitness level strong
a lot of exercise for a while been
really busy with lots of things and yes
that's it I just wanted to show you some
of the nice places around
it's bit windy today
not very good blogging I don't know what
to say but oh man but it's the end of
the exercise and retired need to get
home
start for other work
see you guys and I hope more likes the
plug I made for him because he says I
need to try harder speaking on the blogs
because I'm really shy so I hope it came
out good bye guys
hello guys hopefully you enjoyed the
vlog my sister made in her running I
need to check the kids over and see if
they were good enough but I didn't even
get to play with my friend I don't know
I think he went and had dinner and I was
just setting up my youtube video and
uploading it so that just happened I
think you might be on soon anyways we'll
see about that
anyways guys I'm going to end the video
here nothing much has been going on in
the past couple of hours thank you for
your support of my videos guys I do
appreciate it just want to let you guys
know and yeah drop a like share this
video with your friends yada yada and
I'll see you guys next time deuces
