good morning guys and welcome to another
video today I'm starting off in my mum's
room a look at that this is above the
Lambo let me open the window yeah you
can see the car is under there and this
guy gets up from them trees and comes up
here that's my balcony over there and
yeah he's got a good access but yeah I'm
gonna go on a run now so I'm going to
take you guys with me let's go enjoy
today's vlog peace alright time for my
daily jog let's get started for once the
lake is actually working normally when I
come it doesn't work but yeah there you
go guys
hi guys I got home I'm going to take a
shower and continue today today's run
was just killer alright peace
you're on our way out and look at this
guy's kid he just comes to the door he
comes to my window he comes to
everything I'm gonna try and close the
door yo wassup key donate two dollars a
month to make this homeless cat have a
home I'm skiing this guy probably live
his bed and I cats he gets so much food
is that not right yo yo hi guys we got
here and we about to go to the mall
probably paparazzi
yeah I'll see you guys inside I do not
to say anymore
PS guys thanks for your support on my
videos
love you guys so we just got to Texas
Roadhouse we're about to eat
and finally for once they have no
waiting time like literally I always
have a waiting time but we're getting
that VIP treatment I think they know me
I'm joking we're going to go and have
some food and I'll see you guys in a bit
peace
alright guys so we're in here and we're
about to eat obviously in love with my
peanuts I've already eaten loads I
nominee as that but let me take the menu
and I'm going to start my order I think
I know what I want I might get the rib
again because it was really nice if you
don't need or you don't know me I always
get the same thing if I like it but my
sister a bum are way too different they
just get like a stoic things they get
like everything different these two are
like each other they're just women like
men if you like something you get it
again and again
so yeah I'm going to find the ribbon
order that and see how it goes from
there I think it's that is it that I'm
not sure
sheikha so I got the big rib so we could
share it or try this more
okay I'll just got this Morris nice
mortise for me alone
my sister's just going to have some
weight
alright guys so remember what we did the
how girls open coconuts today it's how
girls open peanut sick can you show them
how to do it you take a knife no you
take a knife that's the girls we're
doing is to trust me
just cut it properly I was watching some
show yeah that's why remote last video I
was like sixteen minutes now we have to
do the same thing and by doing the
proper way show them the muscles oh yeah
hardest was over five minutes
boom PvP zone Yolo Yolo I'm just kidding
but hey guys
Yo no Yo no let me tell you what it
means Yoga is quick an army it's means
quick like on how are you yeah and Yolo
is Union at once so we're basically
saying hurry up in life is you only live
once
confirmed
by the way guys those are all of the
states they have we're not going a stake
today I'm getting ribs as I told you
guys look at all the different sizes
they have it just gets bigger and bigger
she's taking snapchat so follow us on
snapchat links in the description both
must do snapchat as you know we out here
not doing it oh yeah what you have to
say
it's out rooms I shouldn't wake me I
just don't like any woman selfie time
whoa you flashed me
hi pretty much now she was singing about
my mom but she flashed my eyes so badly
I couldn't see for like five minutes
that's why stop the vlog smile for the
camera all right guys my camera I was
balancing on DS T and he just dropped in
the peanut jar I really balanced out for
like a minute
my we can't block Leslie I give up so
guys my rib got here
I say rib because I gave the other one
to my wife last time only a table so we
just went on a share hole I don't have
one you can have one so yeah and the
peanuts here flew you up way too much
that's why I don't have them I have I do
have them I just don't build myself with
them and what's funny is my sister a
monkey Lester meter they're a half of a
half what is that
thank you and you're giving back to me
it's like I have one whole one and they
are we are places well I didn't mention
that and all of this bread and stuff to
fill you up
Bogey's run focusing not high enough
guys this long snow we're lost lionfish
didn't work or this
still working eyes look at the cool
decorations so we're currently in
fashion Avenue my sister is getting
probably shy because loads of people are
passing by here everyone looks at each
other so yeah we're going to go find the
bathroom because I really need to go to
the bathroom and I bet you anything I
cost you behind me but if she gave
further and further away from me yeah
they're walking slowly oh yeah we're
going to go a bathroom and probably go
paparazzi after we were a fool after we
ate so we couldn't go straightaway
alright guys so I'm in the Canon store
and I'm gonna pick myself up a g7x
so this camera that I use I just
literally got it back then and I wasn't
really into blogging that much I'll just
took anything that would do the job but
I've been researching and the g7x is the
best one for a vlogging tightly put the
camera down alright so yeah the camera
has like a flip screen as well so it
helps me when I record there's a lot of
the time I go off my face so that's what
I'm going to pick up and I'll see you
guys soon peace alright guys so this is
the camera I finally ended up with and
I'm getting these two memory cards my
sister is getting one so you have to
promise that your videos are out soon
okay guys me while I turn the camera I
make videos every day and I'm getting
the 64 gig one she has yet to upload a
video showed that show them what you're
getting she is getting a hundred and
twenty eight gigabytes beer to be honest
she is more talented so she needs the
better on but yeah we're gonna get
dancing I'm super excited about this
camera it's a wrap
my mom is patiently waiting over there
he's out guys
guys I just got my new camera is the
thumbnail of these are good yeah
why so serious
anyways guys we are paparazzi like usual
they made us wait I put on my snapchat
cos I was mad
is not wait two minutes yet we're going
to get our food here I'm the only one
having a but they just didn't want to do
it like some sort or something but you
know your boy had to come through but
get done here soon I've no more doing
this I've just given up with this it
never works
so yeah look at what I got I got some
milk and a bun right so my mom just told
me to take off my hat as well I'm going
to give the camera to my sister show
them how this is in public as well
that's this
yes this while wear my hat
noticed let me tell them I'm really
picking my haircut so recommend thesis
in divide proverb in the world
alright guys so my sister got some
Moroccan tea thing and she needs to wait
for the timer what happened to the timer
this one's like this was media with us
so at the moment none into our finish so
yeah where do you want to finish it
I think medium so that one needs to
finish that needs to go all the way down
and then emergency we'll be ready to
drink
happiness perfect
hi guys we missed the time where all of
them are completely done here
we were talking then it's good I might
have some I might just core it to my
milk cap tea milk
on our way home my mom's sister told me
not to blogged or aventador I can do
what I want
I'm the vlogger home time I can't wait
to unbox this camera and start usually
you guys are probably gonna see that
unboxing tonight anyways but I'm going
to start using it to tomorrow so let's
go home
oh wait is the door open yes it is
alright I gotta go home now and I'm
going to continue the vlog there it's
getting a bit tough we on our way home
we on our way home we on our way home
you yawning together yeah the pet stores
open alright guys so we just got home
this is my new camera and my sister is
about to blog me so cameras over to her
and let's get into this unboxing so we
got three things the camera and two
memory cards so I get a 64 gig one and I
have record every single day my sister
gets the 128 gig one and she doesn't
ever recorded yeah life is unfair what
giving you but let's go into the
unboxing you know this how we do this is
the best vlogging camera literally guys
people who say what do i vlog with at
the moment I have a can of s execute the
say will visit the right one this one
yeah this one's arrival this the best
one I socially up it's literally the
best handheld
the ones that you can hold in your hand
well every single one you can hold in
your hands but you know I mean they come
back so start to break the steel okay no
idea how to do this how do you do this
look at one second give me one second
yeah you block for yourself while I
figure this out
it's going to take a while did it do
that that's the first we got the 128
all right so now we're going to advise
we have a Middle Eastern warranty we
have some other stuff here which I'm
never going to use block up off 40 III
think I might even give this away on my
Instagram's I believe that but let's
going to the main thing I show them
inside the box it's pretty cool I can
they see inside it I really don't trust
you to video this but okay so inside
here we have the main camera so this is
why I got guys alright look at that as a
pretty compact this is the kind of g7x
it's really good and it even has a flip
screen so you can watch yourself while
you're recording and that is pretty much
it I'm not going to make cover view
about it because I have no idea I just
know it's the best one and now getting
onto some other stuff the battery some
cable thing and I don't know there's a
big section over here I see what this is
okay
okay all right and this is pretty much
just the charging here so yeah this my
new camera
woohoo we're actually going to see good
quality now the camera normally use the
quality's alright but you guys know it's
not the best but finally got myself a
cool little camera so yeah that's it
that's what I have to say yeah it's
actually looks really nice don't they
yes mr. Boddy
yes I like you guys got someone really
liked the texture that you see it yeah
that's what the hell yeah it's got some
like weird bumpy hey can I see if Donald
uh manager is that I know it's got some
real texture is that this just like a
texture of them no god no anyways guys
if you enjoyed today's video drop a like
share with your friends and I will see
you guys later
y'all y'all y'all again and I'll see you
guys there bye-bye
I keep forgetting to order I keep thing
is Yolo yoga away are you so recording a
life problems in love
