all right good morning guys it's
currently in the morning my mom has some
work to do so I'm just taking her and
dropping her off and then I'm coming
back home because my sister is gonna
take me to town she needs to wash her
car so I'll be coming back with her car
but for now just quickly taking my mom
as I said and I will be back soon let's
go let's quickly turn on the radio by
the way guys I called in today and I'm
taking my car for service in two to
three days and my mom is over there
coming so yeah we should be headed off
now guys look at that that is super cool
you see that there's horsies in the road
oh my god can you see that that was so
cool I've got a vlog and drive this is
not safe am I so I just dropped off my
mum and now I'm heading off home
I'll see once I get home and then my
sister's gonna drive me to town to get
my hair cut and then yeah the rest of
the day is going to be with her car
pretty much
whoo we are finally home let's just
quickly lock my car there we go look how
nice the weather is guys see door
unlocked I think my mom said she left it
there we go all right fine you get my
sister's car wash so it's as nice as my
home like God has like spider webs
everywhere your car is super dirty you
know
see you guys that was amazing
how much was to open that door like
without getting bit by like current you
know or something so door is filthy okay
snake oh my goodness look at this
yeah it does there's spider webs
everywhere these are like wasps are you
take oh shit there's a spider on that
one
maybe uh no that's a wasp oh yeah oh you
can you just get a stick it started in
the shop no you did your car Hey look at
me this is some nonsense guys all right
doing a stick
I'm sorry about this time I'm lucky I'm
not even looking
aha this is so bad
you're snapchatting me cleaning your car
with a stick
there's this it got stuck in your window
alright I'm doing your side is oh wait
don't tell me that's despite all Shh I
thought that was a spider for a second
it was like a leaf stop repeating your
snap sure all right it's time to go now
this is ridiculous guys as a wasp it's a
fly away when you drive
yeah just trust me that's good
I'm just going drive I'm scared to get
in your car looks like it's a spider
fest I think I saw it like walking back
alright finally to my car beside ya I
don't even care anymore I give up
there's no white in the middle of Oh
imagine I something just crawls in front
of you oh shit what is all of this
oh no tissues oh let's go
- I think she'd give on for a couple of
seconds yeah all right guys I'm getting
the hairdresser's leaving my sister my
mom's taking my place
pshh so I finally had my hair cut it's a
bit spiky because I haven't really put
anything in it actually though there we
go it's perfect now but we're gonna go
to town quickly and I found the shoes
that I want so I'm going to go buy them
hopefully they up my size but first my
mom needs to do something with our phone
contracts oh yeah that's good
so guys which one do you guys think I
think I might go with that one but let
me know I think that one right okay all
right so hopefully you have the half
size if not I'm probably just going to
go for a 10 are twice is distend the
night one look there I'm not too sure
I'm going to try to focus
how's it hot oh you're Carla how was it
yeah super good stuff they don't say
anything
yeah super date I guess the guy was like
why you leaving your car - no I'm sorry
I was alone day Emily I'm gonna quickly
try to eat and see which one's the best
one guys I found these as well they look
pretty decent but I think the ones I
went far better alright guys I'm getting
myself the air maxes in navy blue I have
to order them because they didn't have
my size so I'm just filling out some
information and we should be good to go
alrighty I'm not the makeup so my sister
obviously she's buying her own things
but I thought these are pretty cool
look it is don't like I don't know some
nail things but they were pretty dope
all right I'm calling it a day we're
done a local town are just like I am
behind me and I don't know why I've had
this outbreak of spots as soon as I got
here it's so sad
we're gonna go get into the car and
probably go home I took away my Nando's
yesterday so that's what I'm gonna have
for a lunch or dinner or whatever is
they let's go I'm excited for that
Nando's alright guys time to get into
the car my sister found perfect parking
and it's time to go home oh wait can you
come up before I get in I don't know I'm
just gonna wait I think it's too tight
for me there's a guy behind us and my
sister just literally full-on braked it
in the middle of the road cuz cuz of
that one little wasp I'm not driving
with this thing in my hair take the
tissue wait you can do it
Wow Rini you're gonna kill yourself
because of a loss where is it you could
chucked out it wasn't it yes you did I
saw you I saw you have it in it will
replay the video you'll see like a
little wasp fall out I think it was in
the 100% look I'm really scared of this
stuff right ok let's go let's go please
don't kill us you what do you think
you're breaking in the middle of the
road if this thing comes in my face we
will crash in the middle of the road ok
that's nice I think that we didn't catch
it we did man are you sure yes I'm
stressed up well because of one was fine
now you've changed a radio station done
no less no inside only a voice on the
back yes you're just being ridiculous
right now where's that take it it's
always a month it's a spider face
all right we are finally home my sister
is just crushing all the phlegm thieves
depart alright let's go inside I'm bored
work on the outside we're just writing
wait is this for me isn't this supposed
to be for you what am I supposed to do
you want to write your IG Instagram yeah
I don't know I'll do this for the back
of my car yeah well you can still
promote yourself alright yeah whatever
alright guys this is behind the scenes
of vlogging my first car
look at these my neighbor's literally
all camera at the same point as other an
issue all going on they just are you
doing something Alicia every time I do
like a prank or like some I've only once
done a prank but every single time I do
something weird my neighbors just
happened to be at the same time alright
we're gonna start shooting my sister's
first car first and then mine so hope
for you guys enjoyed it when you didn't
see it because they're gonna both be out
before this obviously alright my sister
is moving her car so I can get like a
nicer angle I think because she needs to
come a bit forward so I can get the back
of the car as well so yeah I put my
vlogs obviously for advertisement of my
channel people watch it on like Facebook
and stuff they'll probably know that's
so Chuck more vlogs they actually just
needs to move a car right now this is
like funny I thought would be a good
idea let me know did you guys think this
was a good idea me putting more vlogs
it's not even that like god unless i
zoom in on it you won't know alright
don't want to straighten out or you want
to leave it like this actually this will
be nice alright we've got a new idea yet
anything this would be nice alright
let's go alright guys so we just
finished up shooting my sister's car now
she's gonna part over there and then I'm
gonna bring my car in her spot the
reason why I'm just like separating them
a little I just want the focus to be on
one car in each video because you guys
probably know by now I did two separate
videos for these cars so yeah she's
parking it over there just just a bit
away from mine mine's going to be there
it's not going to make too much of a
difference but you know I think it just
makes that much more of a difference
I don't mama even making sense anymore
guys uh yeah I'm gonna put mine back all
right
the struggles of recording guys so much
need to be done okay
Anker cut it's a wrap we finished
videoing both of the videos as you guys
can tell my sister and I are going to
readjust our cars into the positions we
normally park them at I think today's
vlog has been a bit too long I'm not
sure I think most of it has been scenes
with us doing this but I need to make
videos for you guys and why not log in
between the two videos but yeah that's
our cars a lot of you guys have been
asking I know you guys probably already
seen it by now she's gonna run me over
but yet literally that's one of the
questions I've been getting a lot a lot
a lot and I just haven't answered it
because I prefer to make videos about
stuff and I've just been getting so many
questions that it's been kind of hard to
answer all of them so yeah these are
cars let's go inside and wrap up the
vlog and do some other stuff
alright guys we're removing the mold
vlogs things off the plate numbers and I
think it was a pretty good idea of
winning them don't you removes editing
and gives me some advertisement to do
like let's go inside
anyways you guys are going to end
today's vlog here I'm just sitting here
uploading one of my videos you guys
would have seen it by now I just wanted
to take this time to end the vlog here
today's been kind of jam-packed
I made three videos I'm proud of myself
but if you did enjoy today's low drop a
like share with your friends that does
help me out
yah-yah-yah know and I'll see you guys
next time deuces
