good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog now this is my first vlog in London
as you guys know I'm just coming out to
turn on my car my sister's car to see if
they still work hopefully their
batteries haven't died or anything they
flip the camera so you can see them I'm
just going to go and switch them both on
and see if they still work you can see
they're super dusty or dirty or whatever
they've got loads of leaves on them and
even spider webs Wow
it looks like they've been abandoned and
I can't seem in the reflection yeah yeah
I'm going to switch them on quickly and
see if they work alright guys so I'm
gonna unlock my sister's car there we go
it's unlocked and then get in and
quickly just turned it on
oh my god there's spiders in your car
one I know I see one at the bottom
walking around alright guys sorry my
sister's car there was a spider I
freaked out oh my god I'm quickly gonna
turn on the car I hate spiders okay so
let it on brake and press Start there we
go my sister's car works at least it's
not dead so I'm going to quickly going
from
I know it I'm going to leave the door a
bit open hope you guys are seeing me
good I'm not sure I'm going to go into
my car unlocked this too
there we go okay my door was a bit
sturdy I couldn't go flip the screen I
can see myself alright so I'm going to
quickly turn on my car as well there we
go my car works is love let me close the
door oh hi so both cars work we're gonna
take them up for a wash today I'm not
sure if we're taking both or just one I
think we're taking both out for a wash
but yeah my London life has started
again let's see how it goes from today
on alright guys this is enough of
heating up the cars I'm just gonna
quickly turn them off wait let me see
there we go and you need to push the key
in before you can get it out let's go
over to my car is the wall that's
wonderful
her car's locked let's go to my car was
it do the same take the key out and then
what's run on the sister already we
should I think my car I can just turn it
there we go that's both the keys both
cars locked Andy I'm gonna go upstairs
now when till I'm up sister get ready
I've been over an hour and my older
sister are still not ready so I just
decided to show you guys wonderful
paintings if you follow me on instagram
my necks are down in the description
this is one of my sister's paintings if
you guys wanted to see one a lot of you
have been asking about her artwork but
this is one of them that is hanging here
I'm going to show you more in the near
future but they should be ready sooner
we can finally go get my car washed it's
completely dirty so yeah let's go my mom
insists are finally ready are you ready
to go out we're getting my car washed so
wait Jonah take over the vlog or shy
keep blogging until the car we're gonna
go get the car washed and then I'm not
sure after that you're making me run
backwards like a cameraman my car is
super dirty look at that actually you
can't really tell ya the spider webs are
getting alright get in and let's go
actually I've got the keys yeah like
that once I can let me try
why you can get enough so I'm going to
pass on the vlogging duty to my sister a
lot if you like her vlogging anyways so
choose a camera take over don't cover
the microphone please
okay they're supposed to hold the camera
to vlog this whole B camera okay yeah
alright guys here we go
so tell wait are where we going off to
the carwash I don't know depends how
fast doing at your car washed up all my
service is overdue by 35 days right let
me show them okay doesn't matter we'll
get it done oh I remember I'm supposed
to do before he left all right I'm gonna
go guys and start driving okay let's go
bye bye
okay guys so we're just first stop is
gonna be car wash just let you know
yes unary them guys first up carwash
let's go slowly and then you'll get a
hang of it and the Sun is so bright
in one of my eyes that's kind of
blinding me I can't wait to get this
clean because it's disgusting look at
look at front good that's okay trust me
I think normally when the cars are you
dirty you can't notice it from like a
distance only when you get close to it's
really obvious
take sente we're all jet lag still so
trying to get through this first week
and once past the jet lag then get back
on track I launched at life I'm on point
100 I keep it 100 okay we still sick
that done Hollywood lie my chest is
killing me so sorry time yeah the worst
blogger ever yeah I'm doing my better
downer downer donut
there yeah I don't know I just a son
that's the way to start a shining bear
there right yeah that's much back you're
learning to vlog on my blog great
super-bright
not funny
I'm dying
guys my sister complains that my driving
so much she doesn't even want to vlog
because if it I Drive so nice the Sun is
in my eyes you can you see it's all the
way up there what's wrong about my
driving I thought right now you put do
it like fully extend legs and they hurt
my knees legs shoulders knees and toes
back do you remember that song no I'm
sorry so yeah it's like these motors
that journey even that's not like I take
a look so my car's getting washed as you
can see it's super dirty and they just
need to quickly do everything look how
dirty is that it guys are just waiting
for my car to get washed up and so it's
super dirty like the leaves all coming
out and everything I think it shouldn't
take a good half an hour to wash it up
not sure about my sister's just there
talking to one of her friends like you
always used to come here I think maybe
you can remember this see a couple
months back Marissa came to London maybe
not heard you guys are watching that bed
but yeah but you know wait until that
cleanup and they go do some stuff in our
little town and finish up there
we did
I love this
oh it's ready Comerica we're gonna go to
our car and go home and it looks spots
on it though
no icon after the next star we're gonna
go you know you mean yeah I turn down
the radio good beauty all right so we're
done at the car wash guys it's fun
because I jumped down I know that all
right so we finally got here guys I need
to just put parking money and then I
should be good to go I don't know what I
want sister I want I don't know today I
want food I think they want food or
stuff like that so it's one pound 20 I
don't even know what the date is cuz
I've different days it charge different
but I think it is I know but are those
thing okay at least it said it on the
ticket so I'm gonna go to town get what
we need and come back you're probably
gonna see what we did I don't even know
until now I think it's food clean car
woohoo alright and I leave my keys
inside the car I thought my mom and
sister we're gonna be that right it was
like good this is so let's go do some
shopping so our office is to just
finished buying some makeup I'm gonna go
to boots to get some medicine I still
feel really sick for you guys asking I
think it got worse because of the flight
we took but I don't know hopefully the
medicine can make it better but let's
see where's my brother sister gonna do
is get lost why are you guys so far
they told us to stop talking so then we
had to go far okay yeah cuz they like
they keep talking loud and I think it
might like double audio and then decide
mess up I'm saying I'm sorry
let's go boots coming to get some
medicine guys look at this we found some
gummy bears and there's strawberry
flavor I remember we did we used to have
these as a kid contains vitamin A but
does that vitamins a d e c b6 folic acid
b12 yes right eyelid they don't want to
learn science here they just want to
watch ways it dissipates like a
multivitamin so I thought we could get
one oh I thought it was in the shape of
a bear it's not oh they have tantrum
mommy you're so smart that's our
favorite one guys if you guys are
wondering why you're so excited I'm just
super sick on with any medications do
you see
alright by the way guys my sister always
checks what they have inside it so
vitamin K which this one doesn't have I
don't really care let's just go because
you know it's real when you come to the
pharmacy section and they have to allow
you to get the medicine I was super sick
every freakin time guys every we can't
come to a makeup store or just jeopardy
every time you get makeup like okay you
buy everything you literally anything
I don't rush my teeth oh how jerky I
always brush it there just just take the
Moyer just as you do boys that wears
this no one the five ones a little tiny
was what my powder is here Big Bear them
yeah that's pretty dresses I do it I do
it further learn saw this cool bag and
you have to get a perfect with obviously
but today my nose is blocked so we're
gonna come back another day and check
which one smells nicer my mum and sister
both said the one that I didn't really
like at all and I was like is it just me
or is my nose blocked so I'm gonna come
back so I can at least get a decent
perfect with it as well we finished
buying the medicine I'm gonna go take it
and hopefully my nose should be
unblocked so I can actually smell some
perfume to get a bag with it because
though news I'm getting is because of
the bag I still want a nice perfume is
or to go with it so I'll probably do
that tomorrow you know what's awesome
it's empty look around
look look Roger it's empty except for
the coffee shop whoa look at this guy's
our whole town is empty I think they're
probably looking at me like why is this
guy holding we can we're so high up in
the air I know I block that's why all
right let's go
are you having a ribbon but which one's
this is it a jelly bean or sure the ways
it how's this Chuba is it like a tablet
is it nice looks like I'm your second
suite yeah ready
oh yeah I get it can we good
factor it no suck it
thanks Mike I'm vlogging myself in the
CCTV that looks pretty cool guys look
how shiny this place is it's not like
only space for one person
all right can you see me I like
initially behind me no oh you can see it
better this way
it's like the smallest elevator ever but
I only goes absolute sorry you could
guess it we're going Nando's my favorite
place to eat all right guys so the tools
are down for a couple of minutes but we
came upstairs too soon let's check out
the food my sisters checking out her
little box you go is that it feels
really able to you know
yeah I think it's more sample but I
think normally I go for the half chicken
combination if it focuses the
accommodation with two sides but I might
go for like the chicken thighs or
chicken mark like because it's boneless
I know I'm on something she's probably
let me go she's probably having like
actually quarter chicken or she's gonna
have the chicken livers all right we'll
see anyways I love this place so I'm
very my food is here my sister already
started eating before her homeless car
here Bauer did a bit late but I'm gonna
eat here and we should be headed off to
home and finally to relax just my
favorite me or like Nando's amongst the
best so we just finished up at Nando's
oh my god it was delicious and we've got
like a huge takeaway back you see my
mum's had but yeah if you guys a lot of
you asked for yesterday of did I upload
the video when I got to London straight
after the flight yes I did I know I was
a bit jet-lagged but I still put out the
video for you guys so yeah that's not so
we're just going to go get some beat at
the vote my mother sister and then after
that we're heading home I just feel
really sick still at the moment sauce
playing loud music and their car sounds
pretty nice day
go away
see she's a freakin a week you got your
buddy speaking to me step to the park oh
gee racket park here yes you can look
just me anywhere
go ahead no this is perfect I think
right you're done
it's okay just knows how does go forward
yeah a park over here all of these are
so bad it's virtual Oh what you think
not here okay okay
I don't know I'm here that I'm just
gonna go next just that guy parking
problems involved okay I'm in between
two parkings
whose BP are they beating me not
cool
okay you guys have too much space or I'm
gonna go closer why is she doing I don't
know my sister's crazy guys
you should probably already know that
why is that so cool follow your dreams I
like the print but I wish using a
t-shirt yeah this is a vest right
oh it is a good job he comes with the
 put that won't for anyone
hey ah follow your dreams
yes really nice my dream is to that's
nothing interesting about that oh I get
it now
Oh actually didn't understand till now
ah Saints oh wait can you get is that
boys that is that watermelon is that the
orange ones cantaloupe I think it's a
cantaloupe have you ever heard that's
what we can't Anu
are you gonna get married we asked you
did you see that day we all stood Lana
exposed not exposed oh yeah what I'm not
going to read your visa the founder
could be like you attack it delete it
you be weird you know you sure I love
messing around my sister she gets too
angry it's funny so my sister loves all
of these I really fresh Howdy's show
them but decide it's the one of the
rooms ago
once I get a pure box guys send us like
the freshest ones from where did where
do they have that refreshing see what's
inside it
did you find any more there's a lot them
on I just syrup right I'm bored I'm poor
I might gonna have to make that some
chocolate I love chocolate Oh huge
Nutella actually no I'm not going to get
that I've literally been getting an
outbreak I don't know how well you guys
can see it but it's as soon as I think
the moment I think it's like whenever I
travel I always have like an outbreak of
spots but I don't then you gets better
what's up where's that that does not
look like fresh honey compared to the
other ones it looks like the syrup it
was too much and I get what you want
yeah just leave it all right let's pick
up myself someone we watch on no I think
the Rios is the best I believe are you
gonna have it is all I actually really
love like when they have cartoon things
on them I used to have but you know the
Monsters Inc one I had my both the
characters and it was like some hollow
thing so I was like imagine these idols
inside it was really cool I might have
at home actually I do think I've hung
I'll show you if I get home guys if this
is the best thing about when you drive
guys you choose when to unlock the door
should I I can't remember which one it
is ANCA I 1 2 3 then I can find stop
stop hey I'm so sick all right
the best part I don't know if I should
wait what are you doing just get in for
now
all right look at this guy's service
what hadji which have that white mark
you little bit what there's one on there
yeah kill it I just took you take it off
like blow it off if it's on the top top
leave it
what you made it he's gonna attack me
all right guys now compare my sister's
car to my car
perfect tidy as hell that yours is like
dirty you can't really tell though but I
don't know yours no it's not it's lychee
I think my were the same this morning it
does every time outside for social on
how do you think it doesn't actually
look that dirty I look at that guy's
spiderwebs on fleek making this it yeah
they must be able to just so many all
right let's go take the bags it's your
duty to take the bags
anyways guys we just got home hopefully
you enjoyed today's vlog I think it was
a pretty good one we get a lot of things
was a busy day we had to get the car
washed and everything else sorted out a
lot of things were off camera but I did
a lot of it on camera as well be a few
days work drop a like subscribe share
with your friends yah-yah-yah see you
guys next time bye bye
