good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today we're sorry in my room the
messy room but that is because of a good
reason we need to break into the safe we
need a bit of money oh oh that gold
object is just wander homes we need it
for the Range Rover because we need
parking money pretty much and it will
has to come out of my money so guys we
are going out it's in the morning for
once we never really got in the morning
but me and my mom are going on some road
trip and Jeff let's go you can see my
sisters inside the car and it is so hot
in the mornings my goodness this is why
we never come out in the morning but
yeah let's go see some views for you
guys and I'm now officially a divided
lager
we are entering Dubai Marina more like
how high do you have to go here
sigh a couple of floors
yeah I did say opera Carmen look at that
looks really cool you just got to the
wall and looked at this place it is so
sunny but I don't know how well you guys
can see me and look at this rounded
parking at the top and cool building yet
we're going to go in my hair's a mess
I'm going to try and like what okay I
almost fell on that ledge producing them
all and look how many floors there is
that's actually pretty scary to think I
dropped my camera a lot so I can
probably easily drop it down here now so
I'm not getting close but yeah roll here
and we need to go find this tour place
you
you
you
so guys that was the end of our trip
hopefully you guys like the scenery it
was like all nature for once and not
like molds but we are back at the mall
here you can see everything nice and
empty and it's a really nice mall I
think this is divided marina more for
people that haven't come here I think
someone even suggested it to me to come
here and look at them ceiling but yeah
I'm gonna go look around maybe blog a
bit more about got a headache it was
really sunny and I need to have a
peridot so I'll see after that we are at
divided arena more still and we are here
for some tea and my cake and that's for
my mom but yeah we're meeting up with my
sister in a bit but for now it's just us
two I left all these paintings which are
pretty cool I guess not as good as mine
though because you know I'm an artist
and they are joking there we should be
done soon and I really want to get into
this cake it's full of chocolate it's
gonna be great for me because you know
chocolate is protein my choking that's
not there we should be done peace out
guys yes I realize I just touched my
hair I'm sorry
please don't say in the comment section
I'm trying to stop the habit it's just
gonna take time
guys my sister is finally here about
four hours late we're about to die
assalamualaikum
so my sister always gets the same drink
she gets hot chocolate with cream and
marshmallows but unfortunately this time
they didn't have marshmallows
so we're done at the mall we're going to
go home we need to go Gian to do a bit
of shopping for food like home food and
then after that we might go out
somewhere else to eat maybe like a
restaurant or something I'm not too sure
yet though to be honest I don't want to
go because like my sister their mom they
love seafood and like things like stuff
I just like plain food but I'll see you
guys once we do that
all right time to go home when we
finally found the car I get this green
card and that's like a dark blue
Mitsubishi but we're parked over here
with the white car we're so boring we
need to get a different colored car man
why are all our cars white well in Dubai
anyways they are yeah it's gonna go home
and Dome look at that onnum a chords at
the bottom or whatever these are they
drop down from our tree next to our
house will you ever go home and I see
they're taking my board and I'm going
swimming with my family you may even
play a little basketball my sister let's
see who wins
but yeah I've got these extremely tight
shorts on again and they were just
uncomfortable next time I go to a mall
I'm buying
proper site look at these they come up
to here wait let me try and get there
look at my hand they come right up to
here they don't even get to halfway
through my knee but yeah we're going to
go swimming and I'll see you guys there
I'm taking my GoPro and trying to get a
couple better clips than last night
alright guys so I'm here at the swimming
pool starting to go and you can see my
feet I don't want to drop down that
ledge but let me turn around my camera
oh it's really cold oh my god you can
see I went half in
you
I will go feeling like I need a honey
doctor look at the Flicka dairy Siri
look at the flicking air is Java the
flicking air is full look at the flick a
terraced turn look at the blue Canaries
look at the Flicka dairy
so no Moodle visibly alright guys so
we're done swimming right now I'll put a
flashlight in my face just so I can see
myself or you guys can see me and oh my
god don't come first in it's good I it's
good but I'll just checking if it's good
or my sister but we just left the
swimming pool as you can see on the
right and that's why I have to have a
flashlight in my face because it's way
too dark to vlog without this but yeah I
was really good you can probably see my
hair is still wet I probably look like a
mess but yeah I'm going to come here way
more often it's like an empty pool
pretty much next to us yeah I'm going to
go home dry up skateboard to our local
shops to buy some milk or bread or
something like that I'll see you guys
once I get home because this this is
blinding me look at this imagine if it
was in your eye yeah that's what I
thought guys it it's terrible I probably
even damaged the camera anyways guys I
just got home hopefully you guys enjoyed
the clips I go I need to go check them
to see if I was even recording or how it
came out already just a little bit music
on it like always but today's vlog is
way shorter than my normal vlogs I'm
getting myself a little break you know
I've been releasing vlogs every single
day for like 5 days straight now so
that's why this vlog is short and also
gives me a bit of time to talk to you
guys I want to know what type of videos
you guys might want to see in my future
videos now just leave any suggestions if
you have any like challenges or stuff me
and my sister can do cuz it was really
fun to make the wonder sibling challenge
if you have any realistic ones I've seen
a couple but like they're just not
realistic it's not something me and my
sister would do so I leave in the
comment section if you have any
challenges but yeah I'm chilling the
vlogs have been going good you guys have
been supporting me well you don't bubble
this guy has been happy as hell look at
him playing with an earbud this guy does
he actually loves to hear much but yet
again bottles will not let me finish
Oslo this guy goes crazy with this
earbud
what's wrong mobile photo oh my god
and by the way like we just put these
here for him because he loves it I think
next time we know IKEA we have to get
more busy torn these to shreds but yeah
as I was saying I really appreciate it
with your support guys leave me any
suggestions for videos of tomorrow I
think we're doing like this tour last
type of thing you'll see in my next vlog
but yeah as always drop a like share the
blogs with your friends you got thing
going for soon and yeah I'll see you
guys later bye bye ok that was a slip
