hey guys on this I'm over here welcome
to another video now a lot of you have
been asking me recently do I have a car
do I Drive with questions like that so
today I decided to show you my first car
I've had this car for just about a year
and a lot of you have known about it a
lot if you haven't so I'm gonna property
show you in this video so hopefully you
guys enjoy so my car is a mercedes benz
e - 20 i think so or 200 let's just go
around and double check i left the doors
open because i was a prequel thumbnail
that's the reason why they're pretty
standard car looks good i think e 200
actually yeah there you go so not only
220 it's a two-tier car I think so or 1
point something it's really convenient
got my Instagram on my plate number that
is not actually my plate number guys I'm
just kidding I really like this car I'm
thankful for having it just going to
show you inside so I'm going to get
inside and my sister's going to come
around on the side and record a bit of
the interior let's go
all right so getting into the interior
guy plain black interior a lot of you
know I like really simple colors I'm not
too fancy so that's why I went for the
interior pretty standard it's got
sat-nav an audio system interiors all
leather only problem is the two seats at
the back are very tight sometimes a lot
of my friends have troubles with their
knees being too long and stuff like that
but this is my car this hopefully should
clear up all your questions guys if you
did enjoyed this video drop a like share
it with your friends I know I didn't
really answer the question too much I
just wanted to make a video to show you
guys we hopefully enjoyed this is my
first car my baby and yeah I really love
it yeah okay mom we'll see you guys in
the next video
y'all gonna yawn open stuff
yeah I'm gonna put mine back all right
the struggles of recording guys so much
need to be done okay
anchor cut
