good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog so yesterday I left you guys a
little bit hanging I was up the whole
night and finally our water pump got
fixed but now we're leaving the taxis
right here and we should be good to go
damn it's the weather's so nice right
now but my sister's just about to come
out and we should get to the taxi and go
so I'm gonna quickly bring the last bag
so yeah let's go and catch our flight
and not miss it like it was so hectic
last night I left you guys kind of
hanging here she's in the car that's
good I think so actually oh she needs to
come lock the door right or are you
liking it I don't know anyways I'm gonna
go to the car and let my mother sister
saw out he was locking the doors let's
go alright time to go guys finally door
is closed yeah check those well you can
go check it John check it alright fine
let's go guys
alright guys so we finally got here at
the airport and we're about to go check
in I thought to keep you guys updated I
gave the 20 to my mom and sisters we
need to do the ones right side up that
you guys are for now just you know I
started me alright
what phew it's only water whoa damn guys
we have VIP access to this lounge they
just opened it from over logs and the
under y'know crew so I'm taking this is
actually so bad laughs not even kidding
guys my sisters take like she was taking
to make out me downstairs and then she
tried to push it straight and realized
alright let's go
so we're at the souvenir shop my mom is
just are looking around
obviously I'm a pre-prepared person I've
already got my souvenirs I've got them
little squishy things that you throws it
on the thing is I actually think they're
gonna burst cuz they're in there like
big suitcase you know that they're not
in the handheld on pressure change y'all
baller what is this
is that nuts of chocolate it's
chocolatey nuts alright you guys what
what birthday alright
we make the Damien nuts got it okay
well yay
okay mirror back guys I need to pay up
you know that's how I be balling out
here this is what I normally get my
watches from whenever I come to the
airport I always look through there but
today I just can't be bothered like
that's why I got my Rolex from jakey I
don't have a Rolex
alright guys so we're coming and I think
they fixed the door which looks pretty
nice because last time you came on my
video they didn't have it
oh wow they've got a whole new entrance
okay that's pretty cool so we're coming
into the lounge and I never really
record it properly for you guys but they
fixed up and it looks really nice so you
think it really made the lounge nice
last time I was here it didn't look
anything like this but they've because I
think you guys might remember last time
I came they were fixing up the entrance
and everything so you could have come in
this section we're working our way to
the food section my sister I always go
for the kids food agrees but they go for
that old food because to be honest all
that what is a hotdog and they want all
their little fat we're going to sit here
and the best part is they have Wi-Fi so
I can go check my youtube channel and
comments or whatever I post something on
like Instagram and my hair is a complete
mess I'm sorry for that I like focusing
on so many things right I'm gonna go eat
guys do you like it what did you get
you have to speak up they caught you
how about that I got like
I don't get out of it yeah look what I
got guys beautiful chicken you know what
you go chicken you never go back my mom
is just I don't know she's just
exhausted with her food over there but
yeah I'm like the simplest person ever
literally right let me turn the camera I
was trying to find the kids section to
eat because they normally have hotdogs I
think I told you guys but apparently
there's no section one by action
wait I think that is the kids section
over there I think the guy asked Mike
got known about it I'll go check it out
later maybe those hotdogs because that's
what I like why are you looking so bad
my sister gave me a screw face I don't
know why but we should be done here soon
apparently they don't have that section
anymore they're renovating it I just got
myself a chocolate muffin now we're
going to eat the chicken my mom got me
we're actually happy my mom brought me
the chicken because it was super nice I
think it was much better than the hotdog
anyways my sister looks confused about
her food you like it or is it like Delta
true
to the head of that you like your dog
I pretty much what that means is I took
too many weird things that I don't like
it but my mom's made me roll right now
and I'm gonna eat it I'm super super
ugly I haven't slept the whole night if
you guys knew actually I'm not gonna lie
I step for an hour but that made it even
worse for me because you know when you
taught your sleeve shirt I just screwed
up my whole pad but hopefully once I get
in London I can get like a good parent
going again and see what happens and if
you guys want to see that the lounge's
way I'll try and record after this but I
did some still sick I need to have my
medication still so that's why I got
water about my pill we didn't change us
see I just wanted to show you some of
the other seeds this is like an area for
my sister's I don't know sorting out
something in their bag but it's got some
really cool decoration and down there
you can see it was a shop so it's got a
nice new if you're bored you can just
stare people hey what you doing oh
you're going to go brush your teeth
oh yeah the top does it I think it's a
light of this case alright yeah my
sister's gonna brush her teeth that I'm
gonna go brush my teeth before the
flight as well yeah but we like this
area's well I'm trying to vote more this
time - the last time I came I barely
blog anything we don't fly I probably
wrote logo flight just to look super
tired but I'm trying to do my best with
the lounge also guys look at this super
nice birds they have on the table and
looks really nice doesn't it wow that is
beautiful as you can tell thirsty I'm
super thirsty I finished my first one
already going on to number two my
sister's dorm I see what you have to say
to that
guys now you can't see all that
beautiful view because of her that's so
sad
you're depriving my viewers of the view
she stole the flower guys she stole it
nope she's the flowers dying in your
hands
that's Lauda that's Rhodes together they
make Lana verse
selphie gave employee eyebrows on fleek
i'm super-bored i want to go we're about
to go and catch our flight now I think
is about time I don't know why my
sister's going through this middle area
what are you doing I'm not sure what's
the time honor what's the time
time to fly there should be there soon I
hear an alarm going up I don't know what
it is but I don't think it's anything
serious also a passing by the entrance I
really like this new entrance they have
going on also I know I'd say also a lot
so I apologize for that but my hair is a
mess and hopefully once I get to London
I've cut it immediately so it doesn't
look like this anymore
and I will put gel with it for all if
you say despite of gel or wax or
whatever that's going to happen to so
look at that guys that is huge that's
like the size of me I don't know I don't
know if you guys can remember or used to
watch the videos I made what's that
yeah she's got like a little cake thing
going on
alright you're going crazy that the
other if you actually remember the old
blog I made this is I don't know low it
was like three four months back me and
my mom were at the exact same place when
we blogged without my sister obviously
she wasn't here because you to remember
it her being crazy or something
so crazy I all I can wait for now is
going on the flight and like sleeping or
watching movies so probably not going to
vlog it because what else am I going to
do is going to be boring my gate is all
the way over there gate 21 that's going
to be far celtic eunsung 21 yeah I'm
coming on this guys are too lazy to
raaah yeah look at that she got stuck
behind like you thought you looked
awesome right
nope not like he was of the my blog
where's she going she's not even gonna
get on the flight without us shake my
head look at my hair what look over
there the plane is right there it's huge
but we need to quickly go board the
flight one last shot for you guys before
I get to London
you
you
you
thanks enough thank you I just wanted
sat on that seat just for you guys look
pretty cool hopefully my mom took a good
shot we're going to go home now I think
the taxi should be here soon
so yeah Singh I accomplished a lot
tonight actually gets here we told it
they come a bit later because we just
want to chill I told him an hour and a
half there but obviously by the time
girls like it it's only a half an hour
15 minutes we should be here
I'm staying here on my sister my mom's
going to get us our hot chocolate I'm
first having my sister's to see if it's
nice that I'm going to order mine but
I'm sorry I didn't report on the fight
niche with you guys I was so sick
hi I'm Jevon as I was saying guys I was
so sick doll like I literally stood up
and went to the toilet 50 died for
clearing my throat I was just killing me
and I'm so sick no smoke I don't know
the antibiotics have not come into that
much of an effect yet maybe it stopped
traveling as well but what you doing
what is that ah just in time I I'm just
going to enter long and continue
recording once right at actually going
home deuces alright guys so I just tried
my sister's hot chocolate so I just got
my cuz it tasted nice and my mum even
got me beans now I really love these
tell me what you guys think have you
ever tried them they are really tasty
like honey
type of things I'm not sure what they're
called it's a caramel waffle oh yeah
wait is it a lot I don't think these are
Awful's I thought they had a double name
it says what for I thought they had
another name for it I don't know yeah I
did
they taste really nice so I'm gonna have
my hot chocolate then we're going to get
headed home after that deuces
I just got home and I miss this place so
much like myself looks so nice I don't
know if you guys have seen this before
but this is myself damn I don't know and
you're not somewhere for a long time I
just look so sick to me even though I
don't know but yeah I'm home now gonna
go unpack and put everything in my
closet and just have a little bit of
relaxed honking my fur is still killing
me but you have to know and that's my
escape what I made I remember I made a
video on it it's just like I've only
been gone for like a month and a half
and it just brings back so many memories
it's two of them where's that apart okay
my sister pan yes poisonous spiders
there's two of them one is here ones
there
can I kill him bloody hell I'm not
sleeping in this room tonight oh how are
they not I think Ron's awake mom and go
breathe okay
later nomizu my oldest no guys I don't
look small but it's huge
you're so scared I should to be honest
it goes my room I used to get my sea
spider
anyways guys we just go home my sister's
kind of cringed up the fact that she had
spiders in her room big one the month is
like the body would like you were
horrible
I ate OHS okay it was big yeah was very
big I know but are you happy to see oh
my god need to write with spray mr.
broom anyways guys I'm gonna end the
vlog here cuz we're super tired and we
need to just go and relax if you enjoyed
the vlog thumbs that up I don't know
dude it's a isn't you start shaking up I
check a river for now we're gonna end
the vlog guys we'll see you guys later
peace out and I'll see you guys next
time bye bye
shaking guys donate two pounds a month
- bye Lana Abed poor thing sleeps on the
floor you can see I'm eating them she's
just on the floor two pounds a month
we'll buy Lana a bed and give her
blankets
