oh my god my brother's home right now
watch I love you duck
good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another video in case
you're wondering why right now I just
landed in Dubai I gave and I'm actually
heading home Aries I'll see you guys
once all my family and yeah let's do
this
hey guys so right now we're about to do
something really crazy my brother has
actually gone on vacation he's gonna be
away for one day so I thought what
better thing to do than to prank him so
bad he was he's gone and I'm not sure
we're gonna be doing something with foil
I just saw the foil in the aisle and I
was like he's not here he's left his
Ferrari we could foil it right this is
really exciting but it's a big job so
we're gonna need a lot of foil let's go
so this is gonna be crazy and I think it
will look very cool so I was actually
gonna wrap his room but my mom suggested
to wrap his car so in fact was like
teamwork here so more you know were to
blame
both of us right now I am about to get
started on wrapping my brother's car
with foil so he's about to arrive in a
couple of hours anyways let's get
started
all right so this is the result of the
foil wrap that we did guys it took us
quite a while a couple of hours and a
lot of foil so I hope you'll like the
results I'm sure most gonna love it
because it looks amazing it looks
something out of this world I switched
it on and I even made sure that we're
able to open the door so this was like a
clean job like we were able to make sure
all the edges were cut and all the
lights are shown as you can see you can
open the door wait I'm sure the handle
is here so there you go
and of course look how beautiful that
design is the lights were showing over
here so right now my brother is on his
way from the airport he's gonna be here
any moment now the car is parked right
here and he's gonna walk in and see this
big surprise hopefully he'll love it as
much as we do and yeah it literally
looks like someone has wrapped it like
fully you know like a normal car wrap so
now we're gonna wait and countdown until
he reaches and you guys are gonna see
his surprise oh my god my brother's home
right now god
I'll have you done that look so cool I'm
not even mad what that looks so cool I'm
not even do you like it
who did you steal this idea from it was
actually we were shopping and the
groceries and I sold the foil aisle and
I was like let's foil in his room and
then mom was like no we should avoid as
a car it like that I sir it took so long
to do it
oh I'm back in Dubai guys this looks
better than any rap I've ever seen you
always wanted curl
I thought the closest we can get as a
foil I am not kidding with you this is
probably the coolest thing I've ever
seen except you forgot my mirrors no no
that was part of the design you can
still open the doors bro if you can find
it this is amazing okay well I just made
it home right now and my Ferrari has
been tin foiled great I was driving
around the garden you could cook
something in this tin for yeah I cut it
threw it over the otherwise were you up
bro we are you're born right bye Lana
and marine boy advice soon you're gonna
have some competition on your hand I did
it with my own hand rub this looks so
insane yeah guys I just made a whole
mine we are finally back in Dubai and
now I have a tin foil Ferrari we live in
life we live in life anyway so we are
finally back home right now as I said
today I'm flying to London in there so
I'm gonna quickly catch some sleep right
now and we are flying straight back
house so if you guys are not already
subscribed to the channel
make sure to subscribe because you do
not want to miss this week
it's about to be lit if you're new
around here or you haven't already
subscribed what are you doing subscribe
and I'm doing an iPhone X giveaway which
I'm gonna be announcing in the next
couple of days so if you guys want to
win that just subscribe and you're into
it no sleep okay so my plan was to catch
one hour of sleep before I go but
apparently my taxi driver is here one
hour early
really really bro are you a hater bro
head over to the airport we are going to
London baby and I'm with my man psych it
as well so expect some private jet
flights a lot of money being spent whoa
our voice so check it out I am here in
the business class lounge wait a second
wait a second and I couldn't let you fly
alone I know you feel lonely sad that
why not fly with him that's my boy
that's my boy right guys we're going to
London guys who whoever's in London say
what's up there your first class now I
go I made it I made it I made it up
alright so right now he came upstairs to
the first-class section and rumor has it
local pool still has this trouble bring
everyone let me check wait hold up hold
up and Logan you're selling out fast bro
so as I said it's gonna be a seven-hour
flight to London so I'm gonna sleep the
whole way so pretty much guys I'll see
you once we land in log-dog
I came this is literally for you I took
it for you I thought the lady okay we
are here in London right now my mind's
sigan is behind the camera I already
know you already know what it is we are
chick gang guys listen guys we've got
five hours here and there's only one
thing you can do in five hours
eat eat some food oh yes my man sigan
just told me the craziest thing ever he
was at your boat
I want a million subscribers and you do
that can you do that two million
subscribers guys he just told me I want
a million father it smells like you
crazy so guys let me know is he crazy
but do you think we can get him to a
million followers I think you have you
know the video what is your squad again
Oh No
hi so we literally just finished eating
our food and look at the warning sign in
the parking guys BAM no consumption of
alcohol in the parking so does that mean
we can drink on the street don't drink
alcohol in general it's not good
as always I'm actually gonna end off
today's vlog here I know it's a really
random place to end the vlog but we're
in London we ate food so I feel like
that's it and we're good we're good
we're good she and don't forget to
subscribe right here and watch the last
video right guys anybody you see right
now we'll see you guys tomorrow for
another epic vlog and as always I love
you
Yolo Yolo
