good morning guys what is up today we
need to take off the cover to the Lambo
and turn it on and off because we are
leaving to go to London tomorrow what
you have to say to that yellow yellow
yeah she's only programmed to say one
thing but we need to take off the cover
so I'm gonna put down the camera
somewhere do like a fast-forward and
we'll see you once it's uncovered right
is that a good angle and let me try and
get a little bit of an angle on it nope
it's not even working right wait I found
an acorn acorn all right let's go
alright so the cover is fully off the
car my sister is doing yeah I always
thought well yeah it's actually pretty
clean because I told you guys every time
we take off the cover I'll put it back
on like we have taken it for a wash
before you put it back on so it's not
too dirty actually the windows are kind
of dusty I can't even lie or just need
to quickly switch it on and this is
gonna be the last time but bye bye love
oh yeah now we're gonna obviously see it
no match I'm trying it Thunder why do I
do oh hi dad Stacey now all right so you
ready to take the cover I mean not the
cover off are you ready to turn on all
right did you just unlock the Range
Rover why did you just unlock the Range
Rover is a lock tight yeah all right
time to switch on the car I just leave
it just turn it on and off what you want
to take around yeah okay let's go wait
can it fit through that gap all right
we're taking it brace yourselves the
noise
getting to me I used to I used to think
Oh super loud
this is the fact I'm seeing inside when
he got turned on I don't know do you
think that's a factor
I was like the noise just doesn't get to
me like before
I don't like disturbing to me
I wish I bought my CTO once I can done
let me quickly put you guys there
word must be felt on so far back take a
good lap in the neighborhood all right
there we go cameras back with me Oh
super hot lady trade you haven't even
moved that much
we're joined just take like a one circle
to join the cities
racing mode yo Strada basic
very true that wasa I want to go the
view I don't know what you're doing
there but we should we had it soon
yeah so you see the houses whoa all
right so we're just going to quickly
take this around and then come back home
so tight coming out I don't know if you
guys can see that that hello why don't
you tired that's why just go for No
I'll Drive it when we come back
I know I neighbors are pros I see like a
company were down there thinking about
why is this guy vlogging up so
embarrassed I'm gonna bring down the
camera once I get there they're probably
like what is this person doing with a
camera in their hands but I know wait oh
I feel so embarrassed you can just bring
it doesn't
I'll bring it down here sigh nobody
loved you today
actually out of that
I'm locked out so I have to apologize
guys being so embarrassed around like my
neighbors and stuff but I just am I'm
sorry
I see after we passed here at peace all
right so our boss my neighbors now and I
can continue recording it was literally
like ten seconds ago
I'm not even ten seconds but it was very
very soon wait what is that I know don't
worry does nothing but pretty much guys
as I said we just wanted to like keep
this car up or just get it going before
we go because you know and cars are
turned on for a long time we're not that
long we're still I'm sure I remember
from 3 to 6
even I would
yeah so that's why we're doing this
they're just clearly taking a lap and we
need to go pack literally two days with
so hectic we have a new impact that
we're leaving tomorrow that's big knobs
you have to go so slow
I think we should just go home don't
they
I don't know another one I get or taking
a lot
yes
I kept up to you guys did you see it are
we going that way
I've actually never tried flogging with
my hand outside the car
Charlotte don't let these people go past
and then I'll continue okay I'm going to
put my hand outside yet hopefully I
don't drop me
I don't want to drop the camera derp is
actually I feel like I'm gonna drop it
Aisha I'm gonna do the screen guys one
second okay try to get like I'm bringing
this back in guys did Trinity cuz of the
wind I feel like I'm gonna make it slip
out my hands so they don't go right
alright now we're going to go to that
bye
what is it a sister I've no idea what it
is it's nice your punctures it
oh my feet
nothing the car behind this is a
damn it why is this guy - like making my
way back home walking fast faces pass
and I walk by yeah guys that you can see
that top left one or the front left one
it's got like a yellow mark next to it
meaning that it's under-inflated
apparently but I think it's not alright
guys so refined a new back home we took
a couple of turns but we are here I
stopped blogging this class game really
on up an AC on me but you can see we're
home hopefully I hope it's focusing in
and then the reversing is going to be
talking I'm going to get out and now you
can favorite just I'll check yeah I'll
check if your tires defend one second oh
the holding it is such a problem by
getting out this car is even harder
ah all right so we're finding out guys
is that a neighbor is it's literally our
neighbor damn it all right guys I'm
quickly going to reverse the Range Rover
so my sister has enough Spacek on Park
I'm handing the camera over to my mom so
I'll see you guys in a couple of seconds
my sisters are parking up the car down I
mean take over the blog
what you just I think it's good to be
honest the tire doesn't look burst I'm
gonna go around and show you guys as
well tell me if I'm being dumb but it
looks pretty inflated don't you guys
think I know parking anyways and I think
you need to go a bit far back
while you're coming out to check the
tyres burst
all right how's it verse
I shall check another one
yes about the same it looks the same
dating
so anything that was over play today
yada yeah this will look short to me as
well
don't you think it's about the same yeah
there you can check with the show
all right I think I locked this car
today
see yeah I did
Lambo problems
alright guys so change of plans were
actually going to go check out what the
tire is they told us that comes the
Lamborghini showroom anyways so my
sister's gone inside I don't know what
she's doing let me see if I can actually
fit in her driving seat
super low
yes I can when you've got the Taj okey
I'll never name that video like ah I'm
gonna go and vlog it for you guys so I
guess it's good for you guys that enjoy
seeing us to go around the Lambo so I
can do a bit of vlogging but it's super
hot where's my sister oh my god she's
just abandoned the car that noise
you hear that
not normal not another all right guys so
we're making our way wait what noise is
that
tire was reading brushing to get things
yeah I'm worried why how I get back this
car is gonna be sitting on the floor am
i doing combat who's just left that's
not a problem I'm worried about me
it doesn't going to touch the floor soon
then
okay that's good CP yeah he's car on the
floor you want to see what happened to
do four
imagine
their cars is saying on the floor first
alarm system look off guys I think here
I think it's this exit so we should be
getting off side ain't going to see
we go find it alright guys I completely
have to look at these event doors so we
got here and look at the crazy lineup
they have loads inside as well but they
told me don't even you the ones inside
you can hear the Matt Lambo noise I
think they turned on my sister's but
it's completely crazy look at this
imagine if this was your car connection
like
it's super crazy it's going to get like
a thumbnail shot for you guys like
Michael our dough's don't like vodkas my
mentors but hopefully you guys like
these they got colliders over here you
keep going down the line because so many
cars gold not gold
I mean orange Gallardo even got like a
yellow Ferrari outside again this game
super hot hopefully you guys enjoyed
there's super companies like showroom
places because you can see a lot of nice
cars my sister's guys on the outside
let's go fish alright guys so it's time
to collect the car you can see inside
there's loads but back onto these two DS
look beautiful look at the colors on
these like red and orange that we have
white like they're so nice I forgot
about all of the other ones over here
but these are super cool look at these
beauties oh my god well I think next
time we get a car we need to get like a
nice color like these or literally
leaving good night bye-bye all right
time to go look at these oh my god the
color sixth time you need to get caught
at lambeau don't you agree I know I'm
should get something morally I think we
might wrap this card a few travel wrap
it I actually feel about it I want to do
something really nice and you
yeah like maybe maybe you could like
wrap it like a canvas and then paint it
yourself somehow anyways guys we're on
our way home it's super dark I'm
probably gonna see you at home while
this is tight look at this oh are you
good on that side this side you're okay
oh so much BP I feel nervous I'm gonna
go wrap the vlog up at home or do
whatever we need to today's been the
last day I have 15 minutes yeah
literally we're leaving tomorrow guys
and everything is going crazy today I
set knob and let's go home
deuces I can successfully say today did
not go to plan we were supposed to be
packing the whole day and then we got
stuck up with this car this is about
two-part we need to pretty much because
we're leaving we don't want to leave the
Range Rover in the middle of the road
just in case so we need to put both the
cars right here are you up and I need to
check with my sister scrape the front
because we heard like a scrape but I
don't think it was actually under the
car I think it's like because it has
like this plastic thing under the car
wait what side are you going to stick it
to the left or the right you're gonna
stick it that way
okay yeah yeah it's bare actually it's
bare high I think it's stuck enough it's
close enough and hopefully that should
be enough space for the Range Rover
besides it so yeah I think we're doing a
good job of parking it so good what's up
by what you read
Oh in Reverse get up cuz I'm gonna know
all right yeah yeah
he's going to come in in reverse
no no I mean she's gonna come in forward
that's it sorry
good imagine she talks to Lambo guys I
think she just like drives over
alright go
yeah that's super tight let's check this
side yeah that was a smart idea
all right yeah it's good it's perfect
all right guys today is such a crazy day
like our water supply in the whole house
is gone now and now I'm taking my bag
and I'm going to the swimming pool which
is right next to us to take a shower in
there showers because we have no water
and it's currently like 10:00 p.m. at
night and recalling this emergency base
they're coming to fix it but I'm not
going to trust it anyways just in case
because now first already we had called
some private place and they came to fix
it and they just did an art affects it
and they left it and we had to pay for
the component anyway so the new place
can come and fix it with the same
component and yeah it's just been such a
crazy mess it's like 10:00 p.m. I'm
going to take a shower in Ilocos not not
in the swim people they have showers
obviously but it's just been so crazy
that's why today's vlog has just been a
mess and besides from that for morale
relieving to London in the morning damn
thankfully I didn't like have much to
pack I'm just taking a couple of my
shirts and leaving the rest here to take
another time alright guys I finished
taking my shower time to head off home
hopefully my camera did not go away
because I took it in
thank you all right all right guys so
I'm finally leaving the swimming pool
it's a great needed shower there by the
way if you guys haven't seen this
already my neighbors have a boat I don't
know why but it's pretty cool out on a
boat as well I'm home finally let me try
whoo
let me try what the cats here skies
forever here right let me try and ring
the bell
ah god I can't do it with one hand yeah
alright what's up key can you open the
door please
alright my mom's going to open the door
discuss what you're going to try and
make his way inside oh it's a good thing
that when it took a shower at our
swimming pool because it's currently
half past twelve and the guy is still
fixing the war
it needed a whole new pump and
everything so he's still out there
working and yeah that is going to take
him I think he's almost about to be done
but still like I want to take Xiao hu I
think I took my child like three hours
ago so it was good for me but we still
need to go put the cover up on the car
and then yeah I should call it a day
from there so I'm going to see what's
route that regular coverage it's
currently half past two I'm stressed out
and so does my family I think I told you
guys we were fixing some water pump
thing we had and it didn't end up
getting fixed and now we could another
company and in might one of us might end
up like my sister might end up missing
her fly or in my all just cancel our
flights I'm not sure it's all really
hectic at the moment with you guys we'll
know tomorrow morning or tomorrow in the
blog startup but it's just super
stressful at the moment because we just
don't know what's going to happen
alright guys I just wanted to leave you
guys fully updated it's 625 I didn't
sleep the whole night they're still
fixing the water pump and our flight or
we have to leave the house at half-past
nine to catch our flight I don't know if
it's going to happen but you guys should
see it tomorrow's vlog if we do end up
catching the flight or not
yonder yellow and I'll see you guys
later bye bye
