good morning guys and welcome to another
video I'm starring video outdoors today
going can see what's in my hands
basketball my skateboard gonna go play
some basketball I felt kind of bored at
home sighs I let me go get some exercise
and you come home and take a shower so
I'll see once I get there also I've
become so good at skateboarding I can
hold a basket one vlog while I'm vlog
while I'm skateboarding yet look at the
view I just love this road so I just got
to the basketball court you guys have
probably seen this before this is the
course just a one-sided thing and the
soup was over there but I'm not going to
bid you because there's people over
there they might not like me videoing
them oh yeah I'm just gonna start
playing some basketball hopefully I can
find a good anguish but the camera to
show you some my shots you know I'll be
boiling out here ever yeah let's see hey
guys I found a problem with the clips I
was taking you couldn't actually really
see me you could just see me throwing
the ball so instead of the three-point
mark I'm just gonna start shooting from
the free-throw place say and I see how
this goes all right guys I'm gonna do
five free throws and let's see how I do
all right number one on number two
alright guys you've got three out of
five not bad not bad so I'm making my
way home and it feels so good when I
have wind in my face especially since
I'm really hot and just boiling to be
honest also here's a shot of me on my
skateboard
I don't even put my foot the right way
the right way is this way goddamn it
like slightly bent
we finally got home guys boop boop the
sound the pun is I'll see you guys on
time inside Oh hohoho let's let the kids
out of the room actually I'm just going
to open the door for them and if they
want to come out they can but I'm not
going to wake them up because then over
in their sleep and all you just have a
bad mood and just mess up the place die
so we're currently entering the Mall of
the Emirates and look how nice two
entrances
I just finished having my fast-food that
my sister mum went to some restaurant
I'm going to go join them right now
pretty much if you guys don't know me or
do know me right now I keep having my
fancy food or like noodles and lobster
and stuff like that I just hate it so
pretty much my mom's just to go have it
by themselves and I have my food and
then I joined them after and sit with
them so making my way there I think that
one of these restaurants so I'll see you
once I get there I think they're in that
restaurant over there I'm not too sure
all right guys so I was wrong they
weren't over there which I thought they
were they were on this side but let me
show you the roof look at that that is
such a nice decoration and then we have
the fountain over there seeing here my
sister a beautiful mum they're just
having they're just like have you had
your food yet you're still waiting for
your food
you guys left like an hour ago now I
have to wait until they have to hurry so
guys we're not done at the mall I bought
myself a hat and a shirt which is inside
here we're making our way to the parking
it's kind of it's like twelve or
something yeah we're in the mall too
late or next to Hollister right now I
know I showed you guys last time but it
looks pretty cool right and I actually
really like this hat I don't know what
you guys think let me know down in
conversation so we're currently on our
way home and outside smells like it
literally smells like there's dog poo
outside but yeah we're saying there you
guys can see me in the mirror we're
close to home and while there's a
happiness there I spot this Mustang
which is really nice I really like these
Mustangs I'm sorry to get into Moscow
now that they raced a couple of them it
looks really nice Wow yeah that's it for
now guys guys just another day you know
house the wardrobes have arrived these
are my sisters going to go ahead and
take you guys to my room once everything
is cleaned up onto a house or this is
just a bit of extras for you guys
watching that's my bed desk pretty much
the basics and if we go downstairs the
dining table has come but let me close
the let look at the mess down we need to
clean up been so busy literally spending
the holidays slowing up my file saving
them onto my hard drive and yeah I'm
going to take you down and show you the
dining table it's not gonna finished yet
we need to do everything but that's to
pretty much the basics just a white
table and all of these this ain't even
the workers mess this is just bubbles
taking that and just messing up big eyes
for now I'll see you know B I need to
store out my life so yes you're
that so guys I'm going shopping right
now and the weather is super nice if you
can't tell already it's a bit windy and
I'm wearing the new hat I got a new
shirt I don't think I showed you guys
when I actually bought it maybe just the
Hat but yeah I think they look pretty
cool and it matches my shoes that I'm
riding when you can really see with
their blues or their blue night shoes so
you're just going to go there get some
food and just buns that's all my mom
wanted and I'm going to go home after
that and let me try and get past this
part this is the hardest part I'm not
even going to I'm over sure if I'm gonna
record it properly oh my god I got
through that alright guys that is the
end of the video hopefully you enjoyed
those two days of vlogs in one the
second they started and I showed you the
wardrobes obviously but I'm here with
bubbles look at him look at him
alright so Kay well was but yeah I'm
gonna end the vlog here hopefully you
enjoyed please leave a like suggestions
anything you want I always look at the
comments even though I haven't been
replying to lunch lady just because I've
been getting so many and I've been
really busy as you can see in the vlogs
everything was coming in and stuff like
that but yeah for now I'll see you guys
they are peace on the streets son good
bye guys
