good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today we're actually going out from
the morning we're going shopping now
need to put on my yellow socks and we'll
be going out to do some boot shopping as
I said I just feel good today so
hopefully it's a good blog also do I
look good in this car hey baby what do
you think about my mustache oh my god
guys I just checked the clip with my
mustache thing it looks so creepy they
told me they'd be ready like 20 minutes
ago and they're still not ready are you
guys ready yet
are you ready do you're ready now are
you done are you done whoa deep down in
the jungles you see most people don't
understand the struggle of being in a
country that is always hot the good part
is it's sunny and it looks nice but the
bad part is when you come out you're
boiling so we are ready to leave oh what
the hell that was a bird my sister's got
her shopping swag on she showed them
your glasses look look at these our
glasses like this whoa role killer
they're my pocket but I got my losses -
you better break soon oh yeah we need to
go out and look at that parking oh my
god could you have got closer to the
tree we always do a Lambo stop whoa
range star ups
basically guys we took the Ranger in for
service they provide coming down can you
guys see me properly yeah basically they
updated the whole system like when you
get out the car the seat moves or
something like that name is updated the
whole system in general up and down
whenever you switched a car yeah hi I
wanted to show you guys this red
Maserati our neighbors have and it looks
pretty cool to be honest especially in
the Sun damn son
that's a nice Maserati you have alread
yes I'll just double checking I wouldn't
zero we on our way to the supermarket
with all of these trees got a Porsche is
speeding life
I like this place the war more than wet
so we're currently shopping in the
supermarket I wanted to show you this
decoration they did for a Ramadan
Ramadan Kareem it looks pretty nice to
be honest but more decorations
guys so we're in the section where
there's fruits and I came to the
realization that there are Monalisa
peaches look at that
it's a Monalisa peach not anymore I'm
taking that sticker mine now
check out my swag Mona Lisa I'm Mona
Lisa swag I'd be robbing the store and
robbing the store take your run take it
off
what are you doing with your hand
I got that good cherry
isn't that supposed to be the color oh
you'd be the library
then another so guys we're currently on
our way home this is the glasses crew me
and my sister you know putting on the
glasses these are my mom two losses to
be honest
we're very tired we did so much shopping
it was ridiculous but let I don't know
if you guys can see that little order
that building over there like peoples
are always like the best loads of
buildings in the vibe I don't really
mind I've always been here
but there on our way home once we get
there we need to do a lot of stuff my
sister's videos are getting edited today
that's a complete promise from her side
don't worry I have no idea
I'm just a middleman here talking to you
guys on rumors I hear from my sister so
maybe fingers crossed
you have our first vlog today and yeah
look over there which one I need to do
it but the orange one right that looks
like a mini castle over there whoa I
think that's my house that's our house
that run on my arm okay these glasses
are like oh yeah we also need to go find
some KFC because I want some food
I literally in every country I have KFC
in London I go Jim have KFC after here I
have KFC and look at them really nice
houses which one's ours that I think all
of them right oh shut that our oil money
dollars and I want to kill me do a lot
of girls I wanted to ask you guys a
question
pretty much I've been seeing loads of
mean comments on my videos which is
obviously Stan they're going to make
videos there's gonna be a lot of hate
and I wanted to know if you guys want a
video per week me breeding the mean
comments because first time I just
ignored them I'd only read them they're
funny they're mean and funny so I would
say that you guys know do you want me to
read my mean comments or me like a funny
parody ski about it or no whoa look at
this area man you could appreciate the
small things in life but I'm really
appreciate why don't talk about like 50
million times month
guys this is what you call an internet
troll I'm this is an Internet here I'm
trying to show you the beautiful part
pom pom tree oh you live on the palm
nama no no you will never know where I
live you into nature your internet here
I'll never tell you look at the same
tree of words we saw before do you know
see them nada
they are making a home out is that the
ocean mode because I'm yeah this is the
ocean Mexico you're such a stalker 101
what area in the palm do I live um let
me know in the comment section guys what
area in the palm you think we live would
you know you can live in the middle of
the stem that's where initiative oh yeah
which leaf is lower guys so the speed
limit is 25 kilometer oh stop stop look
look look okay let's go to you
well I the leader beaver does anyone
behind you no there's not
look guys I'm going exactly 25 all right
that's the sweet well be we'll be home
in about 10 minutes maybe here whoa
oh yeah by the way guys this is also the
basketball court I was playing on the
other day I didn't manage to get any
clips for you because my sister actually
stopped recording that's the basketball
court here
she was I oh yeah I think I got it and
she had stopped recording the whole time
that I played basketball then started
recording after and said did I record
and then she ended it again and she
looked at that clip and thought that was
the whole recording facepalm facepalm oh
my god oh my goodness car spotted number
one let me go toilet maybe that car oh
my god there's a piece of on the
windscreen
start taking these two this is your web
son look at these guys they got like
these two like 50 kilogram water balls
oh the eggs the eggs I told you to drive
slowly
you work for me now if you're fat and
lazy clap your hands clap clap or did
you clap I heard the flash amazing if
you're fat and lazy if you're for
amazing yes oh my god don't do I see a
vision to it this is a water supply so
that's why we're both in going up it's a
water meter don't worry don't worry I
got I got everything I got everything
don't worry no anything left is water
and then we press the button and it
should close it so tada
how can you wait here and tell me to
take everything I take the blood camera
vlog then you talk to them no I can't no
you're taking it to face down you talk
like I need to just check yeah great
what way is this mine what is this it's
choice go go go
one second okay
Oh guys my brother is crazy
16 my Vijender like this give it back to
merry guys I'm sorry I'm sorry for you
even giving it to her but look we use
our shortcut method to put everything
inside and I'm Way too hot so I'll see
you guys in a second
boom so boring for the photo kids
full-time photo in photo time did I what
the hell is going on
take your nut what's going on why are we
so special today we don't care about you
guys guys I want to show you bubbles
right now he's sleeping so adorably
peace Sun Sun Sun Sun he's literally
just dead
all right guys three-pointer nothing big
that's how we do it guys
easy-peasy all right sighs you might
have said that was a fluke I'm going to
show you guys I can do that every single
time I play board for a living you know
I'm a basket water right back on me
that's what you call a swish you know
what guys I'm going to do the third time
just if you're thinking twice was lucky
third time I'm going to prove the class
in my shot it's going to be perfect this
is just for you guys
backpack baton be back I can't do I'm
just that good
take one I'm going to show you that this
runs in our family Lester them how it's
done but that was dogs dogs back but I
was bad you know what guys I'm gonna
show you that this runs in our family
we're all good basketball players mum's
shop and I give up I get I give up late
time late night banana boarding at the
moment when my mom we're just walking
around just chillin - - the weather's
really nice at nights over here let me
go backwards so the light comes in my
face but yeah weather's really nice at
night so that's when we come out to do
exercise or walk around and stuff like
that
so guys I'm currently standing next to
this little blade cob whatever you call
it and this is the water thing it has I
was trying to show you this the other
day and it looks so nice if like you
look better in person than it does in
camera but yeah I just wanted to share
that with you guys so guys I just got
home that is the end of the day I'm
wearing my hat I'm ending the vlog here
hopefully you guys enjoyed the clips by
the way all of them basketball clips
were just jokes I wasn't hitting the
shots first time or just joking around
if any if you didn't understand and that
is my cat building model but I want to
drink for now I'm ending the vlog vlog
or vlog here boo they pressed like I
told them you'd stop complaining they
press like but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did drop a
like please do share the boat with your
friends I've been adding loads of people
on Facebook and talking to them and yet
doesn't review or sale
enjoy people tell me they enjoy my work
and stuff like that but for now see you
guys there peace on the street
son goodbye
