I got some content right over here to
break fast some templates and look
around and look so beautiful inside so
welcome to another vlog guys we're
currently in the Sheraton Hotel we got
here at 7:00 and the buffet for to break
fast this 7/10 so we have to just wait
and I came to show you guys that view it
looks really nice that's the view you
can see even the S at the top and that's
my beautiful mum obviously but yeah so
I'm just gonna go around for you guys
until you got 10 minutes to waste so
yeah let's go around you see what's up
what's funny is when we first came here
we thought like normally I had like
tents like this outdoors for their
birthday but this year they changed it
because I every year we literally come
here first Ramadan and what is that
building Doubletree by Hilton which is
pretty cool but I'm taking you guys to
the beach also let me show you you see
behind them there's loads of tall
buildings there I wanna take you by the
beach and see what's up guys I think
people they are doing karate I want to
take a video look let me just show you
guys
the guys you can see loads people are
doing different sports activities over
there but guys this is why I came here
for there you can see the ocean and a
lot of you guys wanted to see that but I
think it's some sort of like port there
or something I don't even know so yeah I
want to show you guys that hopefully you
enjoy the views but I'm gonna go ahead
get headed back inside one last shop
outside wearing jbr sure agent sure - I
don't heart I pronounce that maybe I'll
see you when we're done here
and yes sorry for the lack of logs
recently guys look at this little war
area they have this place it's cool
so we're now leaving the hotel we had
actually share my sister was on some TV
program and overall there's a good night
we're going home and I just wanted to
show you the lobby at the end here's the
love you guys so nice guys we just got
home and look who's looking for the
window key there is a outside and then
this is inside kidney they've never seen
us outside I'm saying they've never seen
us outside so the part in this shop my
sister is moving the Ranger it's only
half on the pavement anyways guys that
is the end of today hopefully you guys
enjoyed the fridge I got the hooker
smoking was crazy
bubbles my cat is crazy stopping playing
here but yeah if you enjoyed the clip
from today leave a like please do share
my videos with your friends and yeah
that make me very happy and motivated
also if you spot me on Facebook or
Twitter and stuff don't be ashamed to
talk to me end the video stop
complaining yeah for now I'll see you
guys later bye bye for now and this is
mo out bye
