good morning guys are welcome to another
vlog today it's time to bath Kitty and
bubbles they're both sitting inside not
coming up because they know it's bath
time and look at their bar that's fun
often not today bubbles and full of
water let me just wash my hand and
that's get going
look at this guy we're trying to uh nope
he will fully get see if you're himself
maybe he might move also come on okay
good boy you're not even in the water
okay
dry time come in come in come in dry
time come here and you're coming here
awesome you come here in here and enjoy
don't worry
you're both nice and warm that wasn't
that bad was it key fire key
Oh baby she's cool
she's going to the highest places I
don't touch me great goodness left
anywhere you know there's no where hi
good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog and let's start the vlog with my
cat who's about to fall off the sofa
today I need to shave my beard so I
thought I'll show you guys and I'm
getting a massive break out on my right
side so that's why I'm holding the
camera this side to my good side so yeah
let's go and shave my beard off so I'm
about to shape now so let's see how I
turn up after one side gone this side
still died not bad alright guys I'm all
shaved and ready to go we're going to
Mall of the Emirates today so hopefully
you guys enjoy I might go to the valley
and take a couple of videos of the cars
but for now I'll see you when we get
there
so we here at the Mall of the Emirates
this is the entrance I came outside to
show you as you can see again Mall of
the Emirates sorry for the fog let me go
ahead and wipe it all right so I like
the way the fog that's the Mall of the
Emirates sign and so is that so yeah
we're going to go inside and this is
done badly but I don't know what they've
done to the site or smog dot why we're
coming into the
and there's not many colors actually I
don't know what happened because this
used to be glass but now it's all foggy
and stuff but yeah we're going to make
our inside that's the one that's the
Martin I guess but I don't really see
any other cars yeah I don't see anything
out altogether is just that Aston Martin
and that range over down I'll see you
guys on tour inside so it's currently
Thursday which makes the mood really
empty you guys can see that from the
valley because there is no cars pretty
much there's only like two or three and
that's a good thing to be honest because
we just came here to do a bit of
shopping so that makes it more
convenient for the shops now we're
making our way to the food for at the
moment I'm very hungry and tired so I
want to sit down and have a snack and
yeah once we get there I'll continue
recording done currently in the game
section and I remember I used to come
here
this machine I actually want some money
and they gave me like 900 tickets
I was like the best memory I ever had
it's so loud in here we're currently in
the shoe section of this story and every
single line has its own style so this
one for example says lifestyle I found
it funny is this one for this basketball
and it's got all these smart shoes and I
was look at this awesome little toy it's
so precise I just went and got myself a
basketball that's right in that plastic
bag it's because near our area there's
some basketball court and I see it's
always empty so I'm just going to go up
based on basketball there guys look at
this awesome Hollister store next to me
that was so cool I think I showed you
already glad to show you again it's a
golden camel
I think it is pretty cool to be honest
and look at the decorations
I think that's the Ramadan so we're just
currently having our ice cream we're
going to leave up and this it's Baskin
Robbins in venue if you know what that
is it's really nice I love it and my
aunt got the same we can't see it yeah I
don't know what flavors she got to be
honest I got chocolate as always I said
only flavor I ever have but we're going
to go home now I'm gonna take this
basketball and go play in the court but
I'm not sure if I'll end the vlog now or
when I get home so we'll have to see by
the way guys I know I always say this
but my social media links are always
down below so if you want to check me
out on Instagram or Facebook or Twitter
just go down below and I'll have the
links except from Instagram which is
just at my name so you have to go search
out
it's got home guys and look up bubbles I
think he's scared of this boss people
let me roll it towards him yep he just
goes the other way but how did you do
today bubbles how where you good at home
I don't know I think I just tired to be
honest but this is my new basketball
that I told you basketball or basketball
I don't know however you pronounce
anyways basketball that I got I'm going
to go play basketball probably now to be
honest like 10 o'clock but first I need
to upload my new video today I uploaded
really late which is yesterday probably
for you guys
and I still have my mustaches on my desk
haven't used any single one I actually
opened it to check it out by the day I
will stop complaining what's wrong let
me put it on how does it look
I don't want to take off the sticker
part yet hopefully it looks nice but
yeah anyways if you guys enjoyed the
vlog drop a thumbs up and this guy will
stop complaining yeah for now guys see
you soon peace on the streets so on
