good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog it is currently four o'clock we're
going out bitterly got some work to do
and yeah my sister my mum's coming she's
inside just give that cat's on food is
the door open
it's not open for me my sister basically
if you press unlock once so open the
driver's side and if you press it twice
will open all the passenger sides as
well but yeah perfectly today's vlog is
good you guys have been smashing the
light band so much of my recent love so
I love your faces you're doing amazing
thanks to the support and yeah we'll see
you once we do something alright guys so
we just got home we're finished up gonna
go home and see what's up what's wrong
nothing but yeah after if we do anything
guys I will come back out and video it
this was just the beginning of day don't
worry we are gonna do more it's not like
the vloggers ended here so yeah enjoy it
why this is why I don't wear my hat for
this
so guys we are currently coming to more
femoris and I thought this car looks
really nice what is that it's really
nice guys let me know in the comment
section what car that is because it
looks awesome that is amazing the front
look even nicer I didn't even get to get
a property I told you look at that look
at that thing oh wow the signal right
nice right right I'm trying to zoom it
for them oh my god you see that guys
it's like a
- I often cross like my ex favorite
Mercedes if I can't achieve that next
car guys next car your last note that is
in the comment section would really let
you know I thought it might be them
SLS's by then you get to see it properly
ba guys we're about to get to the Mall
of the Emirates changed up the spot no
order buy more so you guys can stop
complaining at me so yeah we'll see once
you get inside there so we're more
members and I really love night so I'm
coming in to see what they have let's
see I'm I'm looking for shoes I've been
looking for shoes for ages and you guys
know that but the ones I'm probably
going to end up getting are custom
ordered from online I think they might
be the adidas flux or the night tight
refuse I'm just going to look around
anyways and see what's up
alright guys so these are actually
pretty nice I'm not sure tell me in the
comment section would you guys refer
these more like the hyper fuse in red or
the flux which I was planning on getting
and absolute black I'm not sure so I'll
leave it for now but this actually looks
really nice don't you think
yeah they agree so yeah I'm gonna leave
that decision for later on and we're
just gonna go eat now so yeah you guys
let me know what you guys would prefer I
want to know their material yeah guys I
think this is like the same thing
because pretty much if you don't know
you know
the con you shoot a Yeezy boost it's
like this thing it's like one materia I
don't think this is the same because
that was woven down the middle but yeah
endorsed that this is not an
advertisement guys
my mom and sister are patiently waiting
pretty much they wanted to go and have
some coffee just coffee like we haven't
even the whole day there was coffee now
I know go
the duties I come I get my stick with
you
that's the deal it's completely fair
right and then we should be headed off
the dish I'm hungry
my sister's iPhone actually
she was a bit hungry so she took it self
my food say thank you to me
we obviously attracted majority of the
food
so yeah we're going to see you want to
be at here
please
as I said we're pasta and look at the
seats we got let me fit my screen so I
can see better we're next the snow part
and you can see over there everybody is
going right they're trying yeah
everyone's going up and down the slope
is way up there you guys can't see it
but there's a small snow park down here
as well where people say my monsters are
just currently getting their tea and
coffee so I'm just going to wait here
until they come yeah that's pretty cool
down there isn't it
this kids doing like 360 burnouts down
there you see that that's also
my sister was just taking a snapshot so
make sure you follow us on snapchat
people we snap together yeah look down
there it's pretty cool to snapchat don't
you think alright guys so my mum and
sister got their drinks finally how do
you feel there you go that's my mum with
her drink but yeah what's the slogan and
yeah guys pretty much just sitting here
I didn't want anything that you guys saw
me
yeah it's a nice view of you guys can
see it and we should be there soon
peace refining and um we're about to go
yeah I'm gonna miss this view I don't
even get my screen
the sergeant my pictures nowadays are
all my thumbnails and stuff are just
like enrollment videos I just like stop
it take the picture up clear robots so
these are talking let's see what nice
things they have they need to go to Hope
Center or something like that so yeah
I'll see you out there
look at that guys that's awesome
wait take me I wanna see how tall it is
yeah
yeah yes
like imagine if they had fish in it
would that be that really torture for
the fish so we're currently in the shop
trying to pick out a rug my mom's just
are looking over there but I just love
how these feel like they feel so awesome
I've just given up to be honest my mom's
just to take way too long is the time to
leave it's definitely time to leave now
I'm gonna go check out some other things
this is awesome guys like I love these
clothes like let's play a game
all right let's actually wait how do you
play that game we have to guess the
country I already says it guys if I was
a rapper I might changing me on this big
all right imagine I'm gonna put
Instagram for I like this actually I
need a gold one this looks like I'm
cheap that silver wait that's a gold one
next yeah the one next to it you know
gotta yodel gang look at me like I'm
weird
oh yeah alright let's go this way do I
start again oh you covered it yes
bye guys so the plan was I was going to
get one of these two for my bed because
you see my beds doesn't have sheets at
the moment but me being low I found a
much better thing to put on my bed it's
one of these luxury plush blankets I
swear you guys want to be inside this
with me right now it was so comfortable
like a cool size and now we just have
problems with my pillows so that's going
to be a problem what my pillow is going
to be the Sun it's actually so
comfortable isn't it comfortable yes yes
actually have this okay Gary get it now
are you okay that's the one I'm getting
king-size so after hours of searching I
bought myself one pillow not to because
I'm not sure if this is the right one so
I just got this I got black pillowcases
and the dark blue thing you saw me put
on myself so yeah hopefully it's good
look at this it's awesome too light
saber
what is great what is this supposed to
be I don't know what is that it's a
special FX saber gonna turn on all right
no I turned something away actually make
some noise come on sit there try and
turn on again I just did something to
turn this on you know I give up guys I'm
just gonna put it back where I found it
and it looks like a glue red little but
these are all some little things like
that laughs or this massive really cheap
I wish actually my friend the other day
was on skype to me and he told me he
knows how to do a Rubik's Cube told me
to learn it to try and do it for a video
I'm sorry guys I'm just way too lazy to
learn that type of stuff oh my god
that's the same thing that's the same
materials mine right and it's broker
yeah my bank oh okay perfect Matt we're
getting that yeah it's good thing look
at this guy's
this is awesome wait video me video me
please dis imagine imagine like every
morning I hold breakfasting on it's like
sir or madam we have our cheesecake or
egg that's actually how to do in hotels
right it's culture like room service we
have it does silver one I take it why
because our furniture is silver why'd
you do your wheel okay don't do that can
you just let go yeah because they've got
all the gold trims okay can let me take
a cheesecake thank you let's go so my
room is completely done now we've got
what I wanted see I'm such a unique
person like normally people won't have
this type of stuff on their bed an ice
cream by the way the current materials
like velvet pretty yeah we think that in
the good thing news it was like the
exact same color yeah we're going to go
drop this off at the car and then come
care for to buy some food and stuff like
that so yeah
they're making our way to the car with
our shopping you can applaud of this as
I said and go hi let's go boot is open
walking fast faces pass and I walk down
then it in it I don't even know no words
I'm just seeing something random
I is that everything done I press the
button get back so you don't hit alright
time to go home guys let's go I should
not be careful
Lana rose oh my the collection coming
soon not actually does not look good but
the fit is so weird
I tried trying the one that's like the
heart on it or sign yeah like the name
of this video just like swag swag that's
awesome
alright that's good alright so we're
finally done oh my god I
why is my video late today alright guys
I'm sorry if I made something alright
guys so I'm sorry if I know what day is
it today Tuesday I think is it Tuesday
if Tuesday's video was up late it's just
cuz I tried uploading it if you guys
follow me on snapchat you would know
what happened and it failed like I just
sat there for an hour and a half last
couple minutes it said okay failed I
don't know why or anything but I have to
go home and reload it now so should be
up by like 1:00 a.m. goodbye time
that's like 11 or Nonna's 10 UK times
I'm really sorry about that but let's
get home and quickly upload that anyways
guys so we just got home my laptop is
over there let me go show you I am just
uploading my video today has literally
been such a hectic day like it was going
to go so plan then it just belt upload
and everything just got messed up but
it's okay
fixed up I've got loads of videos I need
to edit like it's just going to be crazy
in the next couple of days but by the
time this video comes out everything
should cross my fingers restore it out
but for now I'll see you later yeah
hello now see you next time bye bye guys
