good morning yo what is up everyone
welcome back to another vlog how you
doing I hope you're all doing good so in
case you are not up to date with my
videos today I'm actually in Bahrain so
right now we're gonna head out and have
some fun but before I go check out the
view from my hotel guys oh my god
welcome to Bahrain so honestly the hotel
we're staying at is beautiful look at
that swimming pool right there that is
amazing and there's like a mini island
on the water anyways as I said today is
our first and only day in Bahrain so
right now we need to head out and let's
make today a good day goodbye hotel see
you soon goodbye fruit goodbye to my
favorite kettle - bye okay no no no no
no are you kidding
I don't even need to say anything if I
so right now quickly come next to the
same pool in the hotel this place is
amazing it's actually completely empty
eyes welcome to paradise oh my god what
yo look at this silly fool over here as
much as I'd like to go swimming right
now the thing is we actually need to go
to the racetrack right now so I'm gonna
say goodbye to the hotel let's go and
let's do some racing
holy moly I was so right now I just made
it to the racetrack
Oh
my name is right now he just made it
over to the racetrack the thing is the
main race is starting in four hours but
right now we're here behind the scenes
checking out everything look the stadium
is empty there's literally nobody in
here I think we're the only ones allowed
at this time
I'm trying to vlog I'm trying to look
you to keep it down
hi boys so right now we're actually
heading inside the Ford garage to check
it out
so let's go and see what's up on a lot
of tires a lot of tires so we are here
next to the Ford GT this is where
everything is happening so these cars
are actually going to be racing today
okay
you know what I don't think it needs a
tire anyway so what is going on in this
car this is another car this is a
computer so right now I'm walking around
and I think I found one of the coolest
cars I've ever seen this is a half Lego
half car car and so no sure you guys can
see the left side of this car is
entirely Lego and the right side is the
actual car and yes in case you're
wondering they actually cut this car in
half to do that a few moments later all
the Formula one cars are about to start
racing
this court under Jim lying there is as I
said this isn't even the race this is
them warming up right now so here's the
thing right now I think I'm actually
gonna head back over to the hotel
because the race starts in like three
hours so yeah there's gonna be warming
up for the next couple hours so for now
let's go back and let's do some swimming
it's time to go soon the water here is
so clear but I could see everything
underwater my I'm not sure if you guys
can as well Wow
not another bridge I know every surf
when I go to the hotel
yo I hate to admit this but I actually
really risk my mom and sister being here
like I wish they were here anyways there
you go boys right now I just finished
something that was amazing so here's the
thing I think I need to make it back
over to the racetrack today but like I
think we have time for one more thing
before I go okay so I'm actually gonna
play a little game with you I'm gonna
say something under order and if you
guys understand what I'm saying
then I wanna do a giveaway at the end of
this month all right so here goes
nothing is that what I said don't mind
me just chilling in my hammock Rhys Rhys
Rhys raise our voice Oh as I said right
now we're quickly heading back over to
the circuit it's go time
the race is about to begin so let's go
and yeah go forward yeah all right guys
let's see what's going on in the world
today
20 million drug factory planned terror
threat index 19 died
I don't think I want to read the
newspaper anymore oh my god no I know
it's loud right now I just made it over
to the track again it and there's two
Lamborghinis here it's really loud but
look at this I don't know if it's rare
to see Lamborghinis in Bahrain but this
is the first two I've seen so I'm
excited rich kids of Bahrain are out
here today yeah I was the right now we
are on the track pretty much the race is
about the store it's a six-hour race
here is the beast the Ford GT we are
rooting for this car hopefully they win
guys
so right now we're gonna go into the pit
main and they're actually gonna do a
tire change in front of us so let's go
can understand women that's all
you get that oh here comes here comes
okay I wish so here is the thing right
now I'm actually heading out of the
track basically I know the race just
started but I actually have a flight for
tonight so unfortunately I won't be here
to watch the full race but you already
know go forward today's been the
craziest day ever and now I need to go
to the airport so let's go back to the
box well our voice so we are here at the
airport finally it's that time we're
saying goodbye to Bahrain yes yo I want
to say back rain I am definitely going
to miss you and I will be back anyways
I'm at the airport right now boys flying
back to Dubai but here's the thing I
actually have another surprise screen
guys I'm actually not flying to Dubai
right now okay
well technically I am but that's not my
end destination basically tomorrow I'm
flying to America which sigh given round
2 baby I miss America so much and I'm so
excited to go and who knows we we might
meet up with Stephanie there guys
everybody thinks I'm crazy in this
Airport yep don't mind me don't pay
everything and still stare Dubai
oh oh no guys I accidentally
spilled my orange juice yep I'm an
absolute idiot right now I currently
came to the bathroom I just built the
entire oranges on myself and it looks
like I've peed myself look at this that
is so bad that look it even made my
jeans yellow so people are gonna think I
peed myself great thank you
okay you know I think that means no more
vlogging for the entire flight let's go
I'll see you in Dubai
bye we are finally here so here's the
thing boys I'm actually gonna end off
today's video here because today I'm
also traveling to America so I don't
want to get the two videos mixed up see
ya guys if you're new around here and
you haven't already subscribed make sure
to subscribe I hope you enjoyed today's
video and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Yolo Yolo
