good morning guys what is up welcome to
another vlog hopefully you're having a
great day today we're going out I'm not
sure where we're going yet but once my
sister and mom get ready
we should get headed my swag is on point
don't you guys think you guys always
complain about my swag yeah we're going
to go out and hopefully we have a great
day so I can capture it for you guys
alright guys so we're about to go out
and I came out before L my god
alright well before my screen started
fogging up
I just can't vlog today my screen keeps
fogging up but yeah we're about to go
out I came out before everyone that's
probably the least fog you're gonna get
so ya covered on the car and we're going
out at the range today I'm just sorry it
keeps fogging okay by now you can
probably tell this so much humidity that
I can't even blow properly so I'm gonna
see you guys once we get to the mall
so we just got to the pole we're just
going to go inside our car needs a watch
so we're just giving it to watch now
that is super dirty but yeah we're going
to go inside pretty have a good time so
I'll see you inside so we're having Red
Lobster this time around my sister
finally won the battle and that's what
we're having I hate lobster and stuff I
think they still have steak for me so
let's go inside
authorities do a lobster's passing by
all of these stores they look at like
the really cool man
like declaration I think it's like
chocolate for like weddings and stuff
like that
one more shot for you guys take it out
we're on our way to paparazzi I just
wanted to show you the background it
looks really cool right so I need a
coffee shop or something but it looks
like really nice and gold the ERC ones
are paparazzi I don't think I'll feel
much there because you guys have seen
this so many times
passing by another cool restaurant over
there I've actually been there once it
was for Ramadan it was like last year's
Ramadan I went there and they had like a
pre-painting and it's pretty nice in
there
my mum's over there my sister's in front
and we should be a proper attitude so we
just finished up off the road to you my
mum and sister
we're going to go for this there because
I want to buy a couple of shirts like
these are too thick and it's getting
super hot so really your life and shirts
I'm with my mom oh my god she's on the
camera again yeah she's really shy just
longer cuz I don't know you guys gonna
see it
and yeah she's okay with it kind of
shine but I'll see you guys once we are
downstairs I think the movies like 10:00
to 6:00 but I think we'll make out not
sure so peace young I don't like it so
we're just currently finishing up at
dollars this store my sister's just
trying on some lady stuff or baby wear
whatever but yeah we're going to be done
here soon I'm going to show you the
decorations and
pretty cool yeah we're going to be
leaving here in a couple minutes I'll
show you what I clap oh so yeah whoa
that's awesome it's weighing at the
cashiers kind of busy so we just need to
wait pay and go
my gosh so we're leaving all this year I
got my bag I'm going to show you
everything I got
do some work now
look at this middle thing I think it's
like developing properties that there's
on yourself but it's really cool
on yup boards behind there as well
yeah I'm just really bored now my sister
she
ladies
one of these two applying dentistry
awesome right
look at this cool thing it's like a wild
one the experience like youporn these
goggle type of things you can see that
guys sitting over there when they go for
these diamonds I mean
you know your boys this is my personal
collection I'm joking we're passing by
with the diamond stores and it's really
cool you see like massive ones but I
remember they had like this massive wall
it was like the huge football and at
times on a Blackhawk figure out where is
I think they're going to start a music
so let's see
great
so here my mom just came quickly to buy
bread it's a tie right if you guys know
what it is
my own sister really like it but now
wait John fruit all right yeah let's
just go oh yeah we're going to the
cinema for as what about that I think we
are doing
yeah probably that their breads like our
bread now we have to go find my sister
she said she was in that store I think
not sure but I'm really happy I need to
go an appointment show you the t-shirts
I got I just got a few I think it was
like five most of them I like just the
plain shirts because I really like them
because I said the poet I'm wearing like
they're thick and I really want like
thinner shirt so that's why I got so
yeah she's got to wait and go by my just
at the ILS you so guys we're done at the
mall it is super hot I think it's
 up a little but not that much so
then I've got loads of shopping it's
steaming oh my God look at this yeah my
mom obviously
my sister's walking ahead she hates the
block all right no okay I'm going to go
if I get hit by car now I just need to
put the stuff in the boot
sohal
there you go
time to go home I think they might be
coming back a most charming
I got me
just been a bit up so Ricardian shipside
bird and i'm going to take a look us on
the car shots cuz this is car shopping
in Dubai I'm joking I'm just going to
take a look for future obviously I don't
have a car here so why not take a look
at some now I'm next to the car shop and
the cars are absolutely brilliant hi so
over here we have the barbers to you
again and then we have the beautiful
Mercedes
next up Ferrari after Ferrari after
Ferrari and let's not forget 2016
Aventador I'm not sure if we can go in
but let me just say one more shot look
at these beautiful guys
I think it's a public holiday but yeah
these are some of the cars if you're
doing car shopping you might want to
look at I really like the Ferrari 458
but obviously I prefer the Aventador
over it yeah I just ran into some of my
fans they don't want to be in the vlog
but yeah I'm just going to show you some
of the cars over here let's go ahead and
see the Ferraris and Maybach but yeah
that's pretty cool I'm just going to go
head back to my sister who's just doing
some work and yeah see you guys soon
peace I'm super hot my sister's just 1/8
harder we're gonna go find her now she's
just buying some lights that she needs
and I was pretty cool just taking videos
of the car and I ran into someone that
watches my blog so if you're watching
this it was great meeting you and yeah
so we just got to the Mall of the
Emirates it's super busy glad to come to
the top floor Mustang in bread my
favorite color actually blue and red
back here in Korea we're going to go
inside and play some games we just
finished up my told you we had to work
at Ace Hardware can't do much talk to
them some lights and yeah we've met some
fans which is also what I met some fans
my sister was an Ace Hardware and it was
pretty cool they just talked to me for a
bit and left I was just taking videos of
the cars you two seen it already but
yeah that's pretty awesome
look at this guy's
dinosaur
that's awesome
all right this is like Jurassic Park
see how these guys look at that
your old pet tiger that's bull Civ and
then we still have the dinosaur over
here
basketballs up
I got 55 my sister got 50
the winner guys
a couple of these
you can look for the plane outfit your
escape
you're fine
you know what
Oh
how is it
my sister is about to play pac-man
my concentration
you're gonna do
ah
we have like 200 and something points
I'm going to buy my limit away from that
day
I'll come back later and do
we're just current yet and pretty much
done I'm sorry to report on it off but
my sister we're just sitting here
obviously but we're going to get done
your suitcase super hot the weather
today's been caught but to be a sari
like me anyway so yeah now I see when we
go home peace
anyways guys I just got home and I
quickly wanted to show you some of the
shirts you guys might want to see just
like plain t-shirts like this and these
I'm just going to quickly show you all
of them like these colors I'm really
simple so that's the colors I go for
there you can see but if you enjoyed
this blog smash the like button
young lady alone I'll see you guys next
time bye bye
