good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I'm super happy now can you tell
why can you tell why I've got KFC I'm
heating up my KFC I had last night
I'm having it again yeah don't judge me
I really love KFC I'll have it no matter
what my spicy fries don't forget about
that but yeah I'm about to eat so just
need to wait for that to cook up alright
guys today is somewhat a special day I'm
driving
oh my god I got so many comments saying
why don't you drive low and I really
don't know so that's going to be today
taking the car with my family so much
this is going to come record me yo take
the camera you're the cameraman today
Europe you're the vlog controller can
you see me come around show them it's
actually me getting into the car alright
look I got something I like
just standing because they could see I'm
driving right how many guys what I
thought you want them this was looking
at thumbnail like a lot brother like it
I don't know mama
okay hi that's great no what's awesome
while we do the video we don't even cut
it
okay wait this is you still every time
you get this in a bin can you just hold
on this I can on the card yes I'm trying
to put on my seatbelt first safety first
guy safety first so hold the brake whoa
going hot super hot I need a seat you
see this is why I can't drive guys I
need someone to block me and my sister
it's just the worst at this like I can't
even see myself right now but it's
alright but there we go I'm behind the
wheel can you can you take over the vlog
now look at her I was looking at the cat
yeah please this is why I don't drive
guys you guys ask this is why wait I
need someone to vlog the journey I'm
gonna turn on the AC so don't oh
so poppy is actually so I remember it's
the right side of the road
are you ready you ready let's go
did you have on the top yeah
oh no hi guys sorry if we just cut to
this scene pretty much if careful the
birdie we covered the birdie what do I
do has to fly over you sometime
alright so the right side right yes
right it's nice hey guys I'm sorry if my
sister had her finger on the audio and
you probably had some music or it cut to
this scene but we are going to our local
supermarket wait was that to boss for
yeah
- good driver guys I'm actually a good
driver I've got one foot that's bear fur
at the moment which I'm driving with
another one with flip-flops so we're
just gonna go buy some food as if
spaghetti and after that we're just
gonna go and swim so you're going to get
some awesome swimming dances with me you
know your boys good underwear and yeah
this pretty much dip I don't know what
to do that's but some music then where's
the DJ again I'm holding the camera
Hollywood don't make us jump over the
speed Bop
high you see you guys done you have
music in this car
oh I'll go get you concentrate please
look at the nice
- pass
you
this is the worst music Danny parkings
closer I'm sure they're lucky
not next door a mini wash our necks in
English right
let's watch the thing that's it okay
I remind you gosh your guys cars off
were alive back to me panic did you
panic look how good my parking was as
well we caught fine let's go let's go
let's go this here so we're in the
supermarket my sister's picking out
guess what
I don't know that did you I see it
cereal and it's cocoa oh my god
that you should be good for now we don't
want to expire or anything but yeah we
have so much clothes door pops it's
ridiculous and did you guys like my
driving if you did thumbs up if you
thought my sister faster no I was going
perfectly you were distracting me
because you don't put music but you need
some music the Jama you're driving like
watch me whit whit actually namely yeah
we should be done here soon
look at that that bag has just got gogo
foxes in it all right we're gonna get
headed to it anyways okay
yes your boot this is the best thing I
like though the fact that your boot open
that's the only thing so hot oh yeah I
see much what's happening is my mum's
gone inside to buy this little chat we
saw over there some food so we're going
to do that can they see me properly so
your blogging shoes so bad all right you
resend it all right as I was saying my
mum's got inside to buy this cat some
food and I'm a doctor card and we should
pretty much be done after we feed it
because you feel bad when they're
homeless cats and stuff you know what
why not
so guys this is a kitten we're just
opening some food it seemed hungry so
why not ah look at her she's such a nice
colour as well
they could you see her color she's like
this white I feel bad because she's so
hungry do you see that yeah it's like a
really small kitten I think it's got lot
I don't know if it's a girl or boy her
mum might be around somewhere here do
you think yeah maybe
I see missing posters soon because it
must have given birth somewhere around
here all right all right we're gonna go
home anyways I do I'm scheduled scratch
ok just quickly take it
just quickly take a baby won't do
anything just put it on the floor I
think it's full I could just put it like
in that yeah yeah but is that what is
that leave it just drop it in the corner
there leave it and just walk away from
it yeah yeah
yes all right there you go much better
all right guys so we're done with that
kitten time to go home and see my
parking was perfect look at that line
perfect but yeah time to go home and
continue the day I want to go swimming
today so hopefully we can do that and
yeah back to mo driving if you could
just blog me like this this angle would
be perfect
are you ready yes okay it's only the top
part right but you said I should don't
turn now don't turn
run away home now guys where they see is
way too much
I decide you wanna just aim your yeah
that was actually a pretty cool trip you
came we bought what we needed and we
helped that little kid which was like a
really small baby as I was saying guys
we even saw its little brother or sister
and it was eating food there where
people have put it for it though we're
next to home right now we should be
there in a minute or so less than that
to be honest I couple seconds but this
has been me driving hopefully you guys
enjoyed I don't know what the whole
thing was going on about in my comment
section oh my god I hate parking geez
but yeah I'm just gonna probably cut the
clip here I actually I can I probably do
a better job than you I think I can
let's see
am I on okay I don't think I want that
well into reverse
is that good
now if we're very close to that tree by
the way goodness and then usually what I
do is I sit in that mirror the window
behind not I think I've done it
perfectly okay
so let's go over oh my gosh finally home
that is the end of a really short
journey but yeah I think I left the keys
in the car
damn next up Lambo I've actually driven
both the cars before you guys have seen
it it's just pretty much you actually
don't see it that often cuz I'm vlogging
most the time I like to vlog when I'm in
the car as well and that's why I don't
blog in both these car a lot but ever
finally home and let's continue today
watch me whip whip watch me nae nae
OSU it with what you're doing it cute
kitty
loves our wife who is not that she would
go to CT now look at that are you okay
okay alright guys this is an eight late
night skateboarding session with my
sister Joe hold on hold it hold it
are you ready imagine we're gonna get
this very slow very slow burst okay
okay you're doing fine yeah
are you cool like I gotta go I can't
balance on it literally run you're not
the worst skateboarder ever I can't even
good don't even bother trying to go over
just on get off
just do it I don't know I just take it
over the bump I don't know why are you
trying to do don't even bother
it comes in the middle come over here if
you're gonna do it no cuz all of them
you see all of tablet or acorn think
that I'm done if you push it will go
better
but initially push okay no you I can't
Batman give me yeah I can't stand on it
still evil make me forward so push go
forward okay let none in it yeah yeah oh
yeah I can uh Barbara don't moving I'll
show you how it's done so
this is how it goes sore loser so bad so
hot guys it is so hot my sister is a
sore loser she can't even do it with the
skateboard tucked up but yeah we're on
our way to the swimming pool your boy is
about to do some vine dances underwater
RKO you see gets so bumpy over here so
I'm gonna get off and hopefully you guys
will enjoy my super flips and see is it
empty yes it is I think it is anyways
that's good that's really good it's
always empty though so alright guys
we're here next to the pool let me take
off my shoes I hope I do not drop my
camera oh did so god it's so cold it's
actually so cold it's actually freezing
but yeah I'm about to go in obviously
not on my shirt I'm gonna take off my
shirt and go oh yeah beautiful pool and
it's completely empty okay go you know
what's bad the shower is hot the water's
cold
and I'll say goodbye from now
so cold
I need my GoPro
my god
alright guys I look like a mess by just
finished taking my clips for you guys
damn I look horrible Wow my hair is all
over the place we hope you guys enjoyed
the clips I got I'm gonna get some
outdoor ones right now but yeah let's go
I just broke the record to boss this
lazy simmer all my life well I hope you
enjoyed y'all know y'all alright
alright guys we are leaving the swimming
pool now how is it what did you say I
can't even hear you but that's where we
play basketball normally guys are saying
guys we're on our way home I'm gonna go
skate for the little in the street I'm
probably gonna record at home because
you can tell it's super dark it's a
pretty cool playing area right like I
really like the swimming pool now
there's someone in it it's normally like
completely empty it was empty for like
an hour it's just as we left two people
getting via time to go home and see what
we have there and I'm probably gonna
stop eating chocolate from now because
I'm getting loads of spots but yeah that
was just an extra thing I put in there
on my way home with my skateboard with
my skateboard with my skateboard so I'm
on my way home and I'm on my skateboard
I actually really loved the fact that I
have a flip screen because I can see if
there's any cars coming behind me so
yeah that's a great like little wing
mirror for me so I don't get hit by cars
but going the opposite way to my sister
and mom yeah it's just because I go way
too far so I keep on taking u-turns
because they way too slow for this you
know I mean let's take another u-turn
right let's try and push push push
alright now catching up to my mom and
sister Dillon Anand and then didn't
attend and a speed bump speed bump
that's not something I'll make speed
bump let's go home now so we're finally
home guys what what yeah there it is
look poopy big guys you're finally home
we're going inside yo you're light man I
said use as blog light not blind light
may be put on the car whoa Batman hey
guys I'm gonna continue inside alright
guys so we just finished up at the scene
pool I'm super wet so I need to go check
she shorts and I need to be armed hungry
as hell even if it's a snack so yeah we
are back I'm just home my sister made me
a not have a sandwich I've actually
given her the idea would you guys like
this her making one sandwich a day on
our YouTube channel that would be the
most amazing
bye guys please don't steal the idea is
very like top secret imagine like that
would be the best channel ever I'm
making one sandwich a day that would be
um a coffee thumbs up this video and if
I get 500 likes you have to make at
least two sandwiches I know what if if I
get 500 likes on this video within the
first day she'll make a sandwich video
on her channel I promise I just gotta
tell all and anyways guys if you enjoyed
this video we'll see you guys later and
I'll see you next time bye bye
