good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog this morning is going to start off
with me going to buy milk there's my
sister and my cute cat over there look
at him bubbles bubbles everyone loves
you on the vlog but yeah I'm gonna go
buy milk today taking a skateboard it is
freaking hot outside you'll see once I
get out there I'm going to come back
sweating but yeah let me just get a list
from my mom and I'm gonna go shopping oh
boy it is super hot
I've got my list it's like that really
small list gonna go it's in the morning
and wow it's really hot so I'm going to
get headed and stop vlogging before I
die of skin cancer peace so I'm
currently making my way to the
supermarket and look at this road and
sorry for the wind I know it's gonna be
really windy Oh trying to skateboard and
blog it's kind of hard difficult since
it's new to me and yeah one more shot
for you guys it's in the morning so
everything is nice and look the lake is
actually working today so right now we
discreetly skate at 100 yeah I think is
working the other side let me get off
this skateboard there's a car coming
oh this is actually really hot and
tiring and I love the birds in the
morning I've said this loads of times
and sorry for my wonky hand yeah there
you go
a beautiful lake somewhere close to us
I'm gonna get headed again hi I'm right
around the corner of the shops I don't
take too long I was like five ten
minutes and I'm sweating so hard it's
unreal but yeah I'm gonna go buy milk
and on the way back I'm not going to
vlog because it's gonna melt not melt
it's gonna get hot and that's not good
for a milk cause it can and it could
ruin the milk so yeah this is pretty
much where the voting end
for the skateboarding scene sassy after
that so I finally made it home got the
shopping in my hand trying to keep going
and I tell you I'm going to sweat a lot
I didn't tell you but yeah I'm here
believe it I see guys hi guys I got home
finally the reason I cut the vlog at the
end there is because I saw my name is
the camee and I kind of go embarrass I
put the vlog down a little so this is a
problem I have everyday guys pretty much
I want to come and sit on my seat where
my computer is or my laptop and this guy
is always here that and he won't get up
like come on get up no he's not look
he's always on my chair and if you guys
are gonna say I'm being mean no this guy
sleeps on it if I don't wake him up
he'll sleep on it the whole day it's
like ridiculous and Wow
look is he getting up nope he's just
making a bet are you kidding me really
really I don't think he knows what the
blood camera is anyways I need to get
this guy up so I can edit my blog and
put it out there my hair is a mess I
took a shower and I couldn't be bothered
to fix it so yeah this guy con is he
actually gonna get up for now
Who am I kidding this guy will never get
up alright see you guys in the mood I
got my chair and I put a note our friend
down there and he's sleeping in the
sunlight ah damming started complaining
forget it like whatever if I'm looking
at like to kill start complaining what's
wrong
you want me just to come like comfort
him fine one sec are you happy now are
you happy are you happy sleep sleep I
got haha the famous bubble with us and
he lost this a port so put it let's see
what he does with it on it no they keep
the skateboard away ah I don't think he
wants to be on it take it as you put
bubbles leash on look what he does yes
it's loose man yeah but look at him he's
already dead like I don't know why
whenever you
leash on this guy I'm making even more
news leave him leave him uh uh he hates
it he hates okay we'll take off we'll
take okay how do I take you off if he
keeps doing that so if you guys knew
there's a cat that always comes here and
we give them food so I'm going to go
replace his friend with this food you
should be Wow oh the camera
all right so my sister has gar self a
very deadly weapon show them how it
works
derms yeah you just press the bud and
yeah it just pulls out or comes out very
fast
all right go again boom son you got hit
in the face oh yeah I thought that was
pretty cool to share with you guys so
guys I pretty much didn't have much to
vlog today that's why you did see much
I'm not sure if I'm even going to upload
this video look at this can you guys
guess what drink this is I'm joking it's
just frozen ice and I put coke at the
top and bubbles you're ruining my blog
stop doing that
anyways guys if you enjoyed that is if
this video goes out anyway sighs you
don't know how many tips I have drop a
like subscribe please do share them
locally with your friends it does help
me out or motivate me to make more and
now I'll see you guys they are peace on
the streets son good bye guys look Joan
end the look for me nope you don't
