guys my sister is attempting to fix up
the Wardrobe are you ready yeah hey dude
do it for the camera this is the star of
a perfect vlog ha ha ha I think you need
a bit more height on that I think I
she's even standing on the chair so good
luck so I think we acted this way until
she does this in the blog oh by the way
I'm using my old camera so that's why it
might look a bit different for this
thing I should do which I just gotta do
it no all right I'll be right back
don't go mad so guys my sister quit
did you know you don't manage to fix it
oh yeah are you recording with that one
yeah I was a reader okay one second it's
gonna come back down you need to do it
the other way turn it around how the
hell come on like no no no no night into
year make a sandwich and put it in with
the rampart facing the inside so then
the sandwich parts sticking out yes yes
great do that I'm good
finally I can outdo the other one
there's more than what there's more
there there's more there no no this is
why you guys don't see blogs for they
are unknown how would a video this type
of stuff abusive so you want to put this
on top of that yes Michael George enough
no you're getting stuck on the edge you
just push it higher throw it up in the
air throw it
sure the YouTube people oh you can do
all your hand in the middle of the night
if you don't push it in properly well I
dated any good oh okay yeah that oh God
can you go it alright so it's going in
the morning about was it's a smooth the
building bubble was how's it going and
I'm just editing one of my youtube
videos for you guys so guys what do you
think about my new hairstyle I've used
water to slick it back and I think it's
pretty good
no I'm completely lying I hate it I need
a haircut but we're going out on my
lambo hat today what what my sister got
this as a souvenir a while back and I
think it's time to work today I think it
looks pretty cool I might wear this
white tea ship I'm not sure to say look
like pajamas alright does it look decent
maybe we'll see alright as a matter of
fact that changed my shirt guys the
other one was way too short this one's
much better I'm wearing my hat backwards
you guys think this looks better or the
other way let me turn it around for you
guys that way alright I think it's this
way guys this is the way I'm going for I
always like wearing my hats backwards
just here to check if I left my wallet
in the car
so I just unlock the car okay there we
go and yes my wallet is in the car found
it always have a problem in my wallet I
leave it everywhere guys look at that
really cool 6 Series oh my god dollars
or videos so we're at the pool guys and
I wanted to show you guys a difference
between a Range Rover Sport and the boat
all right so this one is the sport the
one we have and then that one is the
vote it's like the baby brother yeah so
at the moon we're about to go inside and
play we're going to have
now before I wouldn't wear these hats
because I could
and I didn't know how to adjust them
properly with that my mom told me out
and that's a Mustang for you guys I
really like red cars I said that
yesterday as well in the vlog yeah they
can beat you I don't know why you want
me to do I dare you go is for kids it's
okay just say I'm your biggest fan and
go up to and
this is so good
I think
so how's experience taking picture was
mr. chocolate monster god this is
actually really nice
let's go guess where we are guys peanuts
and bread yep Texas Hold'em pretty much
this is my choice my sister wants to
know someone listening they have the
bread you ever beat up I just tastes so
delicious and my sister's over here
taking selfie selfie game on toy
sun-young yo know how sorry I didn't get
you in the frame I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
so sorry
saying I'd say actually make sense
because this was like a why Yaya
hi guys we are just waiting for our food
I thought I'd do something I love
questions about my sister is a million
Q&A and I'll just make her on to your
questions right okay first question
today I got on my facebook is do you
have a facebook if so what's its name
question answered boo
I second question anything up another hi
guys
second question came down on I found out
my boat
when is your birthday I don't really
look at star signs
I don't care let's just hear someone I
really like that type of stuff is that
oh my god a Virgo and a lip for me in
action I don't know anything else oh
yeah sure he like star sign oh yeah not
too cool back for you guys as well guys
my sister has got shrimps they're the
hardest things to get up not a nice dog
it's funny because my sister always gets
a massive drink and what yeah
thanks so much John - no sir so why do
you get all of that drink - just very
good let's do a taste okay hey ready
guys - sweet right yeah wait this way I
should have got a Fanta also
thank you don't like you know
guys we're going to get some fat you to
do so we're just paying for the patch
you got we just got a custom pasta okay
all right guys we just bought a custom
box of fatty balance to show you the
decoration look at all of these boxes of
chocolate and then they have all of this
over here let me take you around the
corner to the boxes of chocolate they
have like all of this but yeah it's like
literally chocolate heaven all right so
we're leaving the shop now got chocolate
lovers just are checking something I
don't know what they're checking yeah
I'm just going to show you once more
with them here this is all of the little
boxes of chocolate like in these
treasure things yeah let me see we got
chocolate yeah we did look at these huge
jeans
like human size jeans
bigger than that hi guys so we wet
alright guys so we met someone's
actually you me and my sister on
Facebook and I was a pretty cool
experience
his name was Muhammad Shah to him with
images it was mom in the operation
if you're watching this load nice to be
here and yet whoever meets us just come
say hi but we don't buy anything for the
same people are alive so yet out pretty
nice to see someone that knew us and
yeah we're next to the aquarium which is
really nice
but yeah we're going to go to the valley
actually I thought I saw a broad camp
that was convertible and I'm pretty sure
I've never seen them so let's go check
it out so guys I've come outside and the
Lamborghini I saw high school isn't here
but there's a couple of nice cars so
let's start video first of all we have
the Range Rover
second of all we have the s-class then
we have a BMW with a very nice number
plate six six six and a couple of other
cars over there I'm just going to
quickly go on the other side and report
a little bit but I know you guys all
love cars so since I came all the way to
the valley wine not then we have a
really pimped out I don't even know what
this car is to be honest so there you go
for you guys I wanted to know then we
have an s-class just a standard Mercedes
s-class and behind that the really cool
Bentley but yeah that's all for now I'm
going to go back inside and meet up with
my mom and sister let's split the screen
and yeah that's the little cars waiting
for you guys in today's vlog so long as
you are shopping and I couldn't resist
but have some of the chocolates so I
think I'm going to go for this one and
tell you guys how
reading nice guys try this one if you
ever get back really good I like it
I just love playing chocolate which is
out like a spoon inside a nested the job
Oh
my sister just finished shopping finally
we're about to leave she's taking like
hours unless she's playing over there
it's here in the background it's such a
headache
no it's 1:00 a.m. in the morning 12:00
at midnight nope 1:00 a.m. we have been
in the pool for so long it's ridiculous
guys they are lying about being done
she's just finishing up her dresses or
whatever she bought and yet we should go
now
all right guys so he finally finished up
at the store
my sister spent about like four or five
hours then and everywhere office should
buy something she just like goes to the
cashes oh yeah check out my brother emo
blogs so three cool which takes way too
long like it's ridiculous but the guy
was like oh what looks I'll check it out
you like yes scribe as well but yeah
we're going home I think we go
finally literally I was getting a
headache in that store we are finally
going home we're leaving the mall at
1:00 a.m. such a cool day today we met
someone just for you guys if you ever
meet see me in the moment to say hi
please do come say hi like to realize I
think I get more excited because we met
someone today I told you but yeah
finally going home I need to go get into
the car I talk too much but yeah let's
go do some car karaoke openly because
you know much singing is on point your
boy is good at singing all right guys
I'm proper stressed I'm coming in before
them I just created the keys because I
don't know how what it is and I remember
like it's so bad cuz I remember I went
into the car to get my wallet because I
forgot my wallet and then again I think
I forgot my wallet inside so make sure
the cats don't come who found it oh my
god I was stressing out so much like
it's not the money it got my bank cards
my driving license everything like that
if summer really were really I'm
relieved that I got it what's up bubbles
say hi to everyone I I'm gonna go and
just tell my mom and sister I found it
anyways guys we just got home it's super
late so I'm going to end the video right
here hope you enjoyed these things are
becoming my favorite toys to play with
this is my sister anyways Sade outro
what is it watch me
did you think I was gonna sorry
hey guys hope you enjoyed the video Yolo
Yolo nah see you guys on your mobile she
got scared
