good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog today we're starting off with
bubble the retarded cat that what the
hell is this guy doing he's playing with
a piece of wire look at him like gonna
go close without getting into harm's way
and this guy has been playing with a
piece of wire I think I think he's
taking it back to his his lair no he's
angry I think we entreated his personal
space anyways guys we're all having
breakfast or you were my sister and
today we need to go finish off our IKEA
purchases and do them all and we'll
leave bubble to plays games so once I
get ready I'll continue the vlog and
we'll eat guys I found a shortcut to get
out of my house you can climb outside of
this window and you're outside isn't
that a good shortcut come in through
here instead of coming through here
that's a life hack for you guys so I'm
ready to go out I'm just going to wait
for my sister to come out stairs out
stairs or down stairs and we will leave
we need to go do some food shopping and
I love the Sun in the morning everything
looks nice but it is so hot you don't
even believe it and look like that that
little amber is getting dirty already I
don't know mate you guys see a look at
the sand it's getting dirty already and
I shouldn't have done that because now
it makes it look worse but yeah like we
took off the cover today and washed it
we just haven't put it back on and it's
already getting dirty look at the window
should let's draw a smiley face on it
hey this actually makes it look really
dari the Lambo has got a smiley face so
yeah I'm just gonna wait my sister's
gonna come downstairs and we will leave
and I'm gonna go back inside before I
start sweating peace guys I'm currently
inside the car last person to the car is
my mum
my mom are you yeah wait I forgot my
glasses I think no I was just wearing
them for the vlog and I went back inside
and took them down Mama's actually here
she has none yes I'm gonna look like my
mom's trend look at that beetle car yeah
of our neighbors watch the circle Mike
stop blogging us so this is my old
sunglasses I had from about seven years
ago I still keep them because I like
them that's very nice yes I look like a
bum movies I got a chick alright guys so
we're currently in the supermarket look
at this all of them nutella's oh my god
I'm taking one for myself and literally
the only three things you've got so far
Maltesers galaxy a1 Nutella and now my
sister is looking through a list of more
chocolate not to shaking providing food
so yeah after we're done here
and I really need to stop saying alright
guys because I've seen I say in every
flip light the beginning of that all
right guys all right guys so I need to
stop saying that
so yeah peace guys look at this
spongebob band-aid glow-in-the-dark
flute that's a flute why's it flutes
band-aid alright guys currently back our
supermarket another homeless cat which
is doing some weird tongue wash
Don Mathers we love cats so we just put
his food in there so hopefully eats it I
know is he hungry maybe he's thirsty
updating does he have water I know you
do some weird motion with a time it
looks like he's gonna eat it I don't
know he doesn't seem yeah she has
everything but maybe he's just breeds
like that maybe three years what it's
just
I have no idea thank panting like a dog
like yeah he's actually Manning like a
bunny so big actually it doesn't seem
like they're thirsty to be honest so
we're only gonna leave all right guys
this ended up as a fail so yeah see you
guys there
all right guys so we're currently in
pizza having pizza as a break we just
got a salad thing so you're gonna see it
after my sister food and yeah we'll see
you in a couple seconds all right guys
so we finally finished all our shopping
and we ate and this guys coming back
like a monster man but yeah we're eating
I'm having my mango ice cream my mom's
having an ice cream and so is my sister
but yeah after we eat we're just gonna
leave the parking and go home so yeah
see you guys in a couple seconds hi this
is the beauty of spelling in divide this
is tourism how they spell it tourism to
Rossum that's supposed to be tourism but
I have no idea how to stop that that is
the dumbest thing I've ever seen here
yeah we're gonna be home very soon and I
think we all got Pizza poisonous all
right guys so we're home finally mom and
sister are still in the car look at how
much we have how many things wait one
second
there you go all of that and these guys
are still in the car come out I'm tired
man oh yeah I think I'm gonna start with
the water this guy's still here out of
harm's way and this is too heavy to
carry when I'm vlogging so I'll see you
guys once everything is inside peace
guys we have way too many things way too
many gone where else is left this is how
much my sister and mother hope they'd
barely help guys there's always cats
that need food
this guy's live right right in front of
the house we have described the he
kisses at you I'm feeling scared of him
because it uses yeah why do you here see
we're trying to give you food and all
you do is hiss but yeah get the rest of
the things yeah no just leave it there
still more things to go my goodness go
you take some take some stuff okay
no you don't enjoy it it's my channel
haha hi guys so we're at home right now
ending today's vlog and look at this
look at
my Simba this is my liking guy I
wouldn't know cute but anyways guys
hopefully you're enjoying these vlogs
this that was bubble that I was holding
he's my little son if you are dropping
like please do share with your friends
don't forget to follow me or add me on
Facebook either one I think you can
follow me as well I'm not sure but I
accept every friend request anyways but
yeah if you enjoyed the blog as I said
again drop a like and I'll see you guys
they are pieced on the streets sir bye
bye guys alright guys so I'm just seeing
here editing so this part is just going
to be at the ends of vlog and look cute
with me bubbles just likes to lie down
here next to me while I edit my vlogs on
my laptop so yeah anyways this is going
to be just some extra fridge in the
video so yeah this probably just for you
guys you watched it and so type in
bubbles if you watched till now and I'll
see you guys later peace out
