hey guys what is up mode here and
welcome to another vlog now before I
start today's vlog I quickly wanted to
let you guys know that I made myself a
Facebook page I'm going to put a picture
of real soon but go ahead and add me in
smaller space blogs just like my youtube
channel links will be in the description
alright guys so we're currently having
some Costa Coffee vets idea and they
were open till 12 so we took a break and
then we're going to go a mirror of my
mum and my sister as you can see we're
having a bit of Costa
so after we're done here and fully eat
we're going to go and start buying stuff
we just were like it's open to 12 and we
had an e in the whole day so rely okay
before we go we're going to eat and yeah
we'll see you guys in IKEA peace
hi guys so recurrently idea and I came
across this desk and it looks so cool
my sister mama blocking out the view so
people don't see me but yeah can you
imagine me I'm sitting at my desk hey
guys no blogs here of opponents you
work right no I'm running away see you
guys in a bit all right guys we're
currently looking for tables and
apparently this one's extendable and I
want to see how it is that's massive
I don't know that goes sideways yeah
alright guys so we found a table that we
want and we're all sitting around here
having a little Alice in Wonderland Tea
Party and there are so many people in
device so like vlogging is really
embarrassing but actually like helps you
blog by it helps you blog in other
places because it's so embarrassing so
yeah we'll see you guys in a couple
seconds all right sisters taking photos
off the table so she can design it like
that after we buy it and I'm just yeah
so bored
I'm already done let's go buy me a bed I
need to wait right guys so recurrently
and IKEA and this is the bed that I
chose for myself it's goal of this stuff
on it but mine won't have it so I'm
going to get one of these on one side
and then on the other side I'm going to
have these drawers to put in my shoes so
I think that's a good idea
we've literally been sitting here for
ages planning it out and drawing out
literally look at this piece of paper we
drew out how the room looks for me so
we're just sitting here getting the
final sizes and stuff like that and be
leaving here soon Lana can you test Abed
alright guys bed test number one
does it feel good roll onto the other
side see if that one's better is that
what you which one's better I think this
one's better I'm gonna take this one
guys the thing is you don't realize it
actually loads of people I'm greatly
gonna go ahead and show you but there's
a yeah I think that's a good bed like
this this this bed is not that great so
yeah I think we're going to go for this
one my mom's just over there behind my
sister just laughing away at us you
can't really see it see I want this one
you want this one you're happy with this
one yeah yeah I can find it alright guys
we're gonna leave now that you've ended
our day we haven't bought anything we
need to come back for the rest of the
stuff pretty much because we want to get
all delivered together we've just
written down all the numbers of the
things that we need so tomorrow we're
going to be back and finish off our
shoppings yeah I'll do that tomorrow
and now we're at the stock section guys
so pretty much it's now half no quarter
to twelve and if we were to finish today
we'd have to come and find all of the
stock in this massive stock place
obviously we don't have enough time so
we're just going to go home and leave
all of this for tomorrow overall to
culture it down so it's all fine and
down this base is huge
look at that and this is only the first
Isle like there's way more over there
anyways guys I'll see once we get into
the car so we're done at the mall
right now we're just going to go into
the car our hands are empty bottle G
we're done everything so we're coming
back two more to finish off everything
so yeah let's get to the car all right
boys
and it's open the door alright anyways
before that announcement cut me off
basically did nothing yeah that's pretty
much what we did guys let me let me turn
on the light here hopefully you guys can
see me better
hopefully it's not blowed up why do
people look at you I hate it but these
guys are next to us in IKEA but yet as
we get home I'll finish the vlog off and
see you in a couple of seconds guys
peace out
alright guys so I just got home my
sister took an Instagram photo right
from this spot so you guys see it on my
pager for her but yeah my Catholic trade
up look what happened he just fell on
the floor
what's wrong are you dead get down on it
get down on it anyways guys today's vlog
was a bit shorter we were doing so much
work just like yer you caught everything
we didn't buy anything but this is
actually our cat's room kinda oh it
always like thank you I stink
yeah there's like five different foods
for this Debu doesn't eat anything
anyways you guys if you enjoyed today's
look I'll see you tomorrow I'm trying to
do daily vlog so tell me if you're
enjoying lights tell me if you enjoyed
this one because this one was sure and
not as much went into I guess so tell me
if you still enjoyed it or if I should
just combine something I don't think I
good enough but for now I'll see you
guys later peace on the streets son I
love the outro bye bye guys
