I'm awake before everyone else and I
don't know how to cook myself breakfast
son he's gonna have Coco Pops southern
I've gotta see that yeah and I will come
to kids now let's open the door why not
yep there you go okay I'm gonna go feed
them as well yeah cats are fed time to
have my breakfast
bubbles is such a bad year you have to
keep giving it term overtime and if you
leave it bubbles I mean kit you always
have this food
kuriboh Scotty this is what I mean by
they're spoiled guys like they have to
have the food their own way I have to
come here and give it to them on the
dole plastic bags guys this is what I do
every single day for fun I take this
ball and now I'm just going to give it
to my sister to show you I do hear it's
quite hot don't ya oh okay it's local
I'm gonna get better I need to
they can see the smoke on chest sorry I
ll say tell me you're doing it that way
I was the recording you're doing this
wins this is a phase yeah well I did
take your space
guys look at bubbles do you kibosh do
you go Baba Yaga bubbles together he
like sleeping your bubbles us up Babu
Babu Babu ah Babu stop it he always just
licks me what's wrong then and I can
make the thumbnail dissing me like I'm
punching my cat in the face even though
he's just licking my hand I know but
would have to way too disgusting now I
need to go wash my
Missouri I won't give up Shh r.i.p -
bubbles
he is completely dead dis year I don't
wake him up but he's dead six slices one
man on a mission to eat the whole pizza
what go so guys as you can see in my
hand I've got my little mini pizza with
the slices here and I'm gonna try it I
used to have these as a kid I don't know
how they taste anymore actually pretty
good yeah I like it go buy something
through notice your store actually guys
we'll take it back I should go make it
I'm gonna have the last one buff just as
not as good as I thought I see
thumbs now look at those ants and you
could their territory oh my god no you
won't come on I blocked him
do you see how they're going not really
move away move away there's gonna be a
fight for it is there going to be any
tension
wow the outside on is proper mean all
right so my sister is making a sandwich
and now that I said that you know what
it sounds like you know them jokes
you should be in the kitchen making a
sandwich
I don't name the video I put something
across here making me a sandwich
I'm joking she's making yourself a sound
Royces this is cheese saudi cheese yes
the best there is
Saudi I'm not Saudi cheese and then this
is some Harry what is the honey from
London yeah oh my god honey had me like
what yeah that's gonna be an amazing
sandwich you know this is my son if you
read my blog I kill you you rip my blog
IQ you got a my driving my mumbled into
my shop that's why I got caught that's
why he does here and I just got caught
but yes that's alright it's ok back to
the sandwich making go oh wow you made
him jealous dies die
give me the sandwich yeah he does scare
him something yeah let's just get my
nose look good for him yeah Sonne cheese
alright go let's taste your test cats
trying saudi cheese is he actually
eating it nope I think they just like
linking it cuz this oh you know this
guy's annoying you just Oh what stopped
Adichie's testing notice a it's a camera
ok no yeah I'm gonna go I don't even
carry it anymore
alright I'm about to go out guys and my
sister who's sitting here as promised me
once I get back we're going to do some
challenges so you
you can expect a couple challenge videos
in the near future we're going to start
recording once I get home I'm not sure
if I'll show you guys but we'll see but
for now I'm going out with my skateboard
and I'm gonna go get some milk and bread
just the usuals literally have them
every day and a couple of you asked me
to vlog while I'm skateboarding now
yesterday I didn't do much of that
because alright if you can hear that
there's like loads of these little acorn
things and they go under my tire and I
fell like twice and it's super annoying
and I hope that the wind noise isn't
coming through and look at the quality
like you guys actually said that it's
much better so I appreciate that I
finally got home now time to go make
these challenge videos and see what goes
on I'm home he just sent a two pack my
name is I'm really hot and you're still
not ready alright yeah whatever will do
soon
hi if you guys have been wondering why
we've done literally nothing the whole
day I've just been sitting here editing
stuff and at the moment I'm sitting
waiting for the princess herself to get
ready
and that's bubbles sleeping and that is
Lana your favorite youtuber that's soon
releasing and vlog for you guys oh yeah
okay oh it's actually a joke guys like
I'm gonna do like she's getting ready
but I'm gonna do like five challenges
like 20 challenges and just leave these
in my memory card and edit them later on
and release them cuz I just can't be
bored to ever wait for her to get ready
for a challenge video well yeah so she's
getting ready we're gonna do well I'll
let you guys know one of the challenges
were doing is the whisper challenge so
yeah that's one of them and I'm not sure
to be honest there's like two more I
think we might do so
Challenge the laser chat she has a
brilliant weird idea like okay let me
tell you guys
she what it's so dumb though like it
you're gonna give our ID away and then
you're not going to accomplish it so oh
yeah I won't let you guys know but just
know it's probably never gonna happen
because it's so dumb
it just is Ted look at the name it's
called the laser challenge like watch it
for 70 happening it's basically in the
movies when you trying to rob a bank you
have to go through laser yeah cuz that
and that's gonna be a change we're gonna
rob a bank and go for lazy yeah I'm sure
they're gonna not know is that's rubbing
your back mmm alright I'll see you guys
when we start doing the challenges this
episode of the retarded cat bubbles
meets his friend Ellie the grey elephant
how would you like your friend Obama's
name is focusing in his face Bob will
look at Ellie that's your friend Bob
this is it no I doesn't like his friend
so lovely I've always just me bubbles
and L even
hey don't you only do them hey Ellie oh
when you ignore your so bad he's like oh
I really don't care it's been like four
hours
magic does it look like me in bubbles
care that's it the vlog is just being
completely cut out today I'm not even
going to edit today's blog like you've
made my mood so bad
alright guys so I'm so bored and I've
given up on sleeping because there's no
point because we made a make up mistake
me guys please comment down how many of
you care that she made a make up mistake
look I put something I have no idea what
it let let me see like the video if you
don't care I bet you'd assume I most
liked video yes guys would you obviously
my sister making makeup tutorial makeup
tutorials or vlogs Larry no cos at the
moment she's going to be doing makeup
tutorials because she thinks you guys
love that bunch of girls and why makeup
yeah cuz my viewers are all girls this
this is bubbles foot and I'm gonna
tickle it and he should open it up oh
hey open up its are you digging it you
see that I'm sorry why was I'm so sorry
guys she just worked me ammos up to say
she's ready to make the challenge video
more time is I don't want to say it tell
me what time is oh my god is 11 oh it's
not just an oven oh my gosh
it's quarter 12 No oh my god guys this
is what goes on behind the scenes of
production so everything on the table
went to the plastic bag I don't know
what these things are but we're going to
chop them down and then we'll have a
great place to do our video so I'm the
best producer in the world
focus they do oh my god look at the
battery charge it deuces sorry sell me I
used up an outgoing nah this is a good
character I just attach a charge to it
oh this is what goes into the
preparation of making challenge videos
we clean the tape our that stinks and
there's only one chair like do you
actually use that chair for you are you
gonna take another one of them out
sit down roll across all right good idea
let's do this quick so he can actually
make a video before I go to sleep I'm
gonna call this video how girls clear
yeah hold up wider how did you name it
to her wait it's not even dirty leaving
all right guys
I don't use this table it's just gloss
look she she is she is housewife
material guy not no stop trolling in the
comment section guys what did you knock
to one of them crystals I guess I want
asked where we got this from this would
like lantern thing I don't know what
shot was it
on it was somewhere in I don't even know
where it was it was a pretty cool store
they have my all these nice beds and
stuff like that all right okay hey
that's why you're doing it do your job
right good good all right we're gonna go
make Chan to do now and this battery is
about to die anyways guys that is going
to be the end of our day we just
finished shooting the whisper challenge
that was my sister lost and she had to
do push-ups with her muscles you know if
you haven't seen that video go check out
it's probably out by now and if it's not
you just have to wait now it's probably
out but yeah hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll see you guys later
yah yah yah bye bye guys
