hello and welcome back to stay and aslan
talk about politics podcast yes I think
this is episode three or four I can't
remember we should be more aware of that
and this is actually the first episode
where we have a guest so yeah thank you
for having me this is Hannah
she's from an organization called
lighthouse relief they focus on creating
a dignified response to the refugee
situation in Europe so today we're
talking about that we're talking about
refugees and what's going on
specifically with refugees in Europe so
I guess wow that's a lot of info so
let's start from the basics where do you
work and what do you do okay so I'm head
of communications and partnerships for
lighthouse relief it's an organization
that was started around two years ago in
2015 when the so called refugee crisis
and maybe we'll talk a little bit about
why that term is somewhat problematic
later on came to public attention with
thousands and thousands of people
arriving on the Greek islands from
Turkey crossing the Aegean and making
their way to Scala which is where I'm
based now and it was emergency response
that was how the organization started
this kind of firsthand humanitarian
relief in the form of emergency blankets
clothing shelter as people were arriving
and they began their journey through
Europe having already made quite a
significant journey to get there since
then the nature of the situation has
changed somewhat with the closing of the
borders in Europe and the eu-turkey
statement which means less people are
arriving on a daily basis but many many
many thousands of people are trapped in
Greece unable to continue their their
route through through Europe as as they
were able to previously so we've kind of
shifted what we do to psychosocial
programming okay and when you talk about
people who are arriving who are these
people where are they from originally
and why are they arriving in Greece I
think that's a really difficult question
to answer in an
sheÂ´ll but at the moment we're tending
to see a lot of people coming from
Afghanistan although in any given boat
you may greet people from Eritrea from
Somalia from Syria from Uruguay actually
a few weeks ago that was a very unusual
situation where some some individuals
had been trafficked but at the moment
we're seeing we're seeing significant
numbers of people who are fleeing from
conflict in the Middle East which is
absolutely ongoing hmm can I ask one
more question before we move on to
something more complex than this how do
people arrive in a they just get in a
boat and go to Greece or do they take a
plane or like how how do they get there
the people that we're meeting absolutely
aren't taking planes they're arriving in
small rubber dinghies with an outboard
motor kind of strapped to the back of
them Wow and typically somebody who's
never driven a boat before will be
driving that boat and our spotting teams
people that try and identify the boats
before they make it to the land in order
that we can alert search-and-rescue
operations and then they can guide
people in safely because this is a very
very dangerous part of the journey if
you can imagine these boats aren't fit
for purpose and they're overcrowded and
they're being driven by people who have
absolutely no experience for the most
part in in driving a boat they're
literally open boats they're pretty much
going from one side of the Mediterranean
to the other so when you say dinghies
it's not like they're not going across a
lake they're going across a giant sea
right and the weather sometimes isn't
nice and you know it's stormy and people
die in the journey so we're we're we're
working as lighthouse in the North
Shore's of lesbos this crossing is
relatively short in comparison to the
wider Mediterranean but yes people still
do die on the crossing weather is a
significant factor as is the process of
landing the dinghy onto a shoreline
which is pretty rocky and treacherous
and people are making that crossing at
night because
as otherwise they'll be intercepted by
Coast Guard they're working against a
highly militarized and securitized
border regime which is something that
we're all so concerned about that people
are having to go to these types of
lengths in order to seek their
international right to asylum is
something which is highly problematic so
perhaps before we delve really deep into
this we should just cover the basics in
terms of the movement of these people in
terms of who these people are what or
what are their reasons for making this
often difficult journey and what is
their end destination what were they
aiming to kind of reach in the end of
the process
I think the point for me to raise in
answering that question there's more
when you look at that process of leaving
and the journey that people have to take
is what what do you need to be leaving
behind in order for that to make sense
and that can manifest itself in a number
of different ways but I think that's
really the key thing to consider and
oftentimes the narrative when we talk
about refugees or asylum seekers or
however many different labels people put
onto the movement of people that it's
always within the context of what do
they want from us or what are they
coming to take from us or what's pulling
them here and I think it's probably much
more more important and pertinent to be
looking at why it is that people have
decided that where they are doesn't make
any sense yeah I think that's an amazing
point mate because I do think that's a
huge misconception even when I speak to
people about refugees everywhere it's
like people do assume that these people
want to come to your country and take
your whatever it's not about that it's
like exactly what you said how bad must
it be to leave behind your entire
existence your life your family to risk
your life to go somewhere new you can't
imagine that I've never been faced with
that decision
and so actually it's quite a brave thing
to do to kind of seek refuge you know in
other countries do would you agree I
think it's incredibly brave
and I am consistently moved by the
people that I meet both in the camps but
also arriving in the middle of the night
or in the early morning with their
children with their parents
you know imagining yourself in that
circumstance yeah is is incredibly
jarring at certain points especially to
me seeing all the people people who I
could imagine as my parents you know
that kind of age
I get that feeling you know when you
first realize that your mum and dad
weren't invincible and you saw their
vulnerability and they saw that you saw
their vulnerability yeah and it was
embarrassing for both of you but that's
where you were and I get that when I'm
handling somebody you know this Oh
oversized jumper see you came blazoned
across it and they're thanking me for it
and we were never supposed to meet like
this I mean these are my elders these
are my and now they're having to thank
me for a dry pair of shoes and it's it's
those moments where you where you do
really start to think to yourself how on
earth have we gotten to this point well
how have we I mean why don't people have
empathy where has it gone do people just
choose not to imagine what that feels
like why is there such a disconnect I'm
I don't necessarily see it as something
which is as accidental as just people
not necessarily having empathy I think
there's a much wider political set of
interests which involve the issue of
migration and I think migration has been
leveraged
as a piece of the debate at the national
level to justify a whole number of
different things and it's an easy one to
rally people behind when you present
somebody with the unknown or the other
and you can blame them for all of the
things that are going wrong for them in
their life and it means that they don't
necessarily have to question their their
government or their action
or so I don't necessarily think it's
about people not being empathetic or
that they wouldn't feel similarly were
they in a situation where they were
meeting those people directly I think
it's much more that there is such a gap
between the reality and public
perception and the type of information
that people are receiving and the way
that this topic is framed within the
wider media of course it's very
difficult I think to a certain extent
for people to put themselves in that
position because they're not being given
the tools to understand that narrative
or that debate or Wow okay so I suppose
like what one question that kind of more
right-wing mindset might have would be
well you know we would have all these
conflicts happening in the Middle East
so why aren't the players in the Middle
East pulling their weight you know what
why isn't Saudi Arabia taking more
immigrants well why isn't Iran helping
more of these people what why does it
come on the shoulders of Europe to sort
out a Middle East issue well I think
that's a great question and I love that
you framed it as a Middle East issue as
if this was something happening in a
vacuum and Europe was standing by having
very little involvement I think it's
it's almost impossible to separate the
actions of Europe from a situation where
people from the rest of the world are in
a position where they end up having to
move and I think that's really important
to acknowledge that they're closely
interlinked and you can't operate a
certain way externally without
necessarily expecting that a certain
point there will be consequences and I
don't necessarily want to see people I
don't necessarily think that it's useful
to refer to refugees as a consequence
necessarily but I think recognizing that
conflict whether or not it's within your
own kind of borders or beyond is
something that it's likely that we all
play a part in to a certain extent I
think it's also
important to note that countries within
the Middle East are doing far far more
to assimilate refugees than Europe is I
wish I had the statistics to hand but if
you look at how many people Jordan has
taken in that Lebanon has taken in that
Egypt has taken in I mean again I wish I
could I wish I could throw some numbers
at you because they're there they're
highly significant so maybe that's
something that you guys want to go and
check out for yourself well plug that up
on the screen yeah but I do remember I'm
reading about that there's significantly
more than anybody in Europe you know has
taken it so yeah definitely you can't
say as though people in the Middle East
don't care they know they're not doing
anything because they really are on me
the other question I had was what
somebody might say would be a whilst I
agree somebody from let's say a war-torn
region like Syria is coming here and
claiming asylum as a refugee I can
understand that but I don't necessarily
understand or agree somebody coming in
as an economic migrant let's say from
from Africa or you know I just I don't
go along those lines I just don't know I
don't think it's right to give them the
ability to claim refuge in Europe the
types of decisions that people make that
bring them to a point where as we were
saying before didn't make them feel that
their only option is to risk their lives
often time to to make the journey to
Europe you have to consider the place
that they're that they're coming from
and what those push factors are so you
could you can frame it as an economic
migrant if you want to but because it
sounds it sounds like something you can
more readily dismiss that doesn't have
validity and you can go to bed at night
feeling okay about the fact that they're
now on their way home or however you
want to say I'd I wouldn't I don't think
it's quite as simple as that
yeah I mean I agree I just don't think
it's black and white like that and
people who kind of make that sort of
assumption is it's a very arbitrary you
know thing to decide upon okay what
difference does it make
for somebody to decide to go on this
journey all these the reasons why
they're going on these journeys are very
desperate reasons why doesn't matter the
reason you're setting off is whether
you're worried about being bombed
tomorrow or whether you're worried about
your child starving because you can't
find any work these are all extremely
desperate reasons and who are you to
decide one reason is okay nor another
reason isn't I just find that it's a
it's you can't you can you can't be in a
place to just make a decision like that
it's not at that back and white I mean
do the people who feel like that do they
just do they just feel like they'll
never be in that situation do they just
feel like they will never ever need to
migrate countries I mean I I don't know
how they feel I think more than anything
is just the way that the whole debate is
being framed is to make people feel
scared yeah so I think what ends up
happening is that people become kind of
very worried about this issue and only
see these people as bringing negatives
yeah making life worse for the for
themselves so that I think that's what
people who have such strong reactions
which i think is the reason why people
have this fears because you know the way
that this issue keeps them being
portrayed is in a very negative light
look I know my grandma watches Fox News
every day I've seen it I grew up
watching that and it is complete
scare mongering and it does make you
think like that it does how can't it
it's like brainwashing but on a
different note okay somebody's watching
this I'm listening to you I want to do
something what can I do what what can I
actually do to help make a difference
here if you do have a few weeks maybe go
and spend some time volunteering doesn't
have to be with lighthouse although
you'd be likely very welcome but if
there are if there is a community center
in your area or if you're in a situation
where you can spend some time get
yourself out of your comfort zone and
start to question a little bit about
what you think you thought you knew
about migration even just speaking to
those family members
who maybe came from another place once
upon a time and start to yeah just god
am I gonna say think outside the box a
little bit
you can also be looking for organization
to support if you do get to a point
where you think okay actually this is
something I care about and I'd like to
do a little bit more the fact that the
media interest and the down interest has
waned so significantly for Greece means
that it's very very difficult for
grassroots organizations like ours to
continue doing the work that they do I
mean we run on a tiny budget we're
volunteer-led so we're very much reliant
on people like yourselves deciding to
come and give up their time to to join
our kind of skilled volunteer set so
even a few quid can go quite a long way
both in terms of our emergency response
and psychosocial programming with buying
materials and and also expanding the
work we do around telling this story
read books I have been reading and will
leave a list down below about books
where you're you feel like you're in
someone's shoes and I think that's so
important because so many people feel
like they they can't imagine that when
you actually read a book I think that's
been really helpful for me to help
understand it you you instantly get you
know get further than if you're just
reading the news I feel like well I
don't want to wrap this up but I feel
like it's time but I can say that I went
into this not knowing very much at all I
feel like I learned a lot I think you
learned a lot I've learned a lot perhaps
even my mind has been shifted it's quite
quite a difficult thing to do yes they
can attest to that yes but um Hannah
thank you so much for spending your time
here I know you have like this much time
in London and you have like a million
other things to do
so yeah big thank you from Aslan and I
and our audience because I know that
this you're doing really important stuff
and I mean you're the best person to
talk to you apparently you know a lot on
the front lines you're on the front
lines yeah and don't forget to check out
the links in the description box please
please just spend a bit of time doing
that we would certainly appreciate it
and
and all your money as well that's the
most important thing Christmas gifts
that's what we do in our family we
always try to give a donation as well
it's important but anyway anyway thank
you so much you're welcome having Roy
see you next one guys buh-bye
you
