good morning everyone today is Sunday
and mom and I are having no lazy Sunday
no no no we are gonna go for a little
workout we're gonna go to boom cycle
which is a spin place in London I've
never been before but the other day I
tweeted saying that I need more like hip
hop and rap in my spin life because the
the spin class I've been going to is
just a bit like Celine Dion vibes so
we're gonna go to this boom cycle place
and the instructor tweet the instructor
the instructor tweeted me her Twitter
name is bangs and a bum let me just
double check that that's right yeah
bangs and a bun and she's gonna be
teaching the class she's like you have
to do one of my classes so that's what
we're gonna go do
we've made it to full burn the place I
cannot say the name why would you say
that a mom where's Paul hol vor
we have got a fine place which I think
it's just down here are you ready for
the spin of your life
should be nervous as it is hard but it's
gonna be really fun
here it is boom cycle let's go inside I
hear the music buzzin she breathing the
therapy great
I don't smoke I don't drink I spin yeah
you should come in Spain boom cycle
you guys know my face gets red and today
is no exception because I just had the
workouts of all workouts at one point
thought I was gonna die in a good way
and I have the teacher thanks
hey girlfriend hi so you invited me down
today because I heard you were the best
well she looks really good you just tell
the viewers what is so good about it's
really like I love it so much and well
it's it goes kind of pink workout
especially here at food cycle we do it
pretty much as a dog so you know I'm
just so anything can be it's great music
yes you in your zone you kind of do the
same thing I think you feel like you're
part of some right yes and it's
therapeutic what's the deal oh guys so
guys whoa that was a personal best
because holy mother that was cray cray
my mom thought she was gonna throw up
and she said she's never doing it again
Thanks so like and she still might throw
up but you look good
Oh the cover
I can't even talk mom can't even talk
it's true like the first cycle class
it's the worst but then you get into it
you you get what it's all about and it
is like the most fun thing ever but it's
45 minutes and it's the best workout
you'll ever gonna get like cardio-wise
oh hope I've inspired some of you guys
to try it and I as you guys know I'm not
the fittest person in the world so if I
can do it anyone can do it Reggie gets
to go outside for a few minutes although
he didn't really want to go because he
was very comfortable lounging on a
Sunday afternoon I don't want to eat too
too much because we are going for a
roast tonight at 5:00 it is 1:45 and I
just I'm so hungry so I'm just gonna
have a little bit of my leftovers from
yesterday's wagamama and a spot of tea
and I'm just going to be editing some
vlogs and stuff Reggie is also eating if
you can hear him in the background
that's what he does he eats it and then
he just puts it on the floor and eats it
off the floor makes no sense so I just
finished up my new post you guys might
remember a couple of days ago I put up
my books first books post-its the home
and design one so I featured all of my
top favorite home design interiors books
and I just popped up another one since
the response was so good thank you so
this is my motivation and girl power
books list and I just listed loads so
there's big magic lean and step up eat
sweat play which is a really good one if
you're trying to get more into sports
and fitness and of course I had to throw
bloom in there you guys know me I
couldn't do a pose without putting my
own book in come on come on um but yeah
so go check out that post if you want to
read more about that and just in general
I'm trying to up my blogging game so I
just put up this post with my bite
Beauty pictures which I think turned out
so beautifully sometimes I just sit here
and stare at my own pictures I'm so
pleased with how they turned out and I
also just put up this by terry post so
that has loads of pictures of the new by
terry stuff so go check that out if you
liked it and yeah if you have never been
on my blog it is s daily long calm
make sure you check out the Christmas
gift guides because I put loads of gift
guides on there if you're still looking
for a last-minute Prezi now its Reggie's
time in the park all by himself about to
find some vermin's to attempt contact
with nobody found that funny cuz it
wasn't but basically what I'm trying to
tell you so we're walking the dog again
story of my life I got my sneakers with
my yellow laces and my bright yellow
sweater on as well because I think
yellow is my new color for 2017 new
color alert so as you guys know we don't
know I started climbing recently
bouldering I think the technical term is
and my fingers again shut like no
kidding like you want to see this this
is okay this is just be one this is kind
of gory so you know if you put off by
your put me on if you put off by a raw
skin local AIDS yeah so yeah my fingers
been like every single time I plan I get
pretty much big blisters and stuff so
I'm gonna get another one here but I
think basically I've been going through
plasters like crazy postures Americans
band-aids band-aids you out like crazy
and so yesterday I was like okay go to
some new bandage glasses whatever comes
in and I order some and this is the
issue with Ori stuff on Amazon you never
quite prepared like how much quantity
there is because sometimes it's like it
said like plasters 20-piece times
whatever you're like what is it like 20
times 10 or is it 2012 like you know
it's kind of difficult unless you don't
even think about it and you just assume
yeah I was just like oh six pounds like
it's probably like you know three or
four packs of blasters no I got 200
packs eventually wow I'm suited for a
long while whoa so what you're just
gonna put these plasters all over your
hands forever and ever
people are gonna think like no falling
off it's just like until I think the
initial period so I was talking to a guy
at the conference today he said yeah he
had it really bad as well and it kind of
depends kind of on the shape
makeup either fingers so I have quite a
long and bony fingers and they're kind
of worse for getting more wear but he
said like when you start climbing the
first three or four weeks you kind of do
have this and then it starts to get back
it maybe builds up a resistance yeah
yeah you get like a skidded stuff so but
like this fingers stopped like you know
- getting torn up too much so it's
moving on to the other ones though at
least I got loads of paths now people
love here we are at the garrison public
house ready to have a lovely Sunday
roast YUM what are you doing
the food has arrived we all about the
same thing a glorious Sunday roast on a
glorious Sunday evening isn't it good
okay a southern I cracked we got dessert
- because it's Christmas I feel like I
work thousand calories this morning so
did you anyway this is the sticky toffee
pudding with a big heap of vanilla ice
cream on top
YUM is it good your eyes just rolled
back in your head for a sec there as you
can see I'm back at home in my amazing
duvet robe that is just the most
comfortable thing in the universe so you
guys know what that means it's the end
of the vlog I think as well and I are
gonna catch up on some planet Earth just
chill out you know have a nice casual
Sunday night I hope you guys enjoyed
coming along with me today and I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog see ya
I think I'm gonna just call it quits on
the vlog for today because I'm pretty
sleepy so see you guys later
you
