good morning Reggie it's a new day it's
a new day buddy flop over good boy
oh I'm gonna miss you you're so cute
good morning everyone I have been
running around like crazy this morning
trying to get everything together as you
can see I'm looking very glowy this
morning I woke up and I was honestly
orange I was terrified I was like this
is not gonna come off but when I took a
shower it all kind of just came off and
now I just have like a nice tan II glow
I've never experienced this before I
don't know in a way I kind of miss my
really pale skin but in another way I
think this is nice I mean it only lasts
like two weeks I just listen I'll try
anything once is how I look at it but I
think it looks kind of nice at the same
time what do you think tan or no tan so
I've been trying to read she really
wants me to pet him that's what he does
when he wants me to pet him he puts his
hand like that oh my god you're you're
gonna get loved on don't worry he's
still just like please bet me please
okay in a minute so anyway um yeah
today's the day I'm going to Toronto in
a couple of hours and yeah the cars
coming to get me in three hours so I
have lots of stuff to do before then
Aslan's unfortunately not here we said
our good-byes this morning we took
Reggie for a nice long walk which was
really nice really early in the morning
so yeah I packed most of my stuff last
night but I'm just gonna add a few more
final things and I want to also I also
want to go pick up some food for Aslan
so he has some stuff in the fridge we
don't have eggs and bread and that kind
of stuff
so yeah let's just keep on packing so I
just went to the grocery store and I got
Aslan some broccoli some apples and
bananas some avocado and some eggs but I
just realized it bursts in the bag and I
haven't opened this yet I don't want to
see it oh no I don't even know how that
happens I was super careful and that's
never happened to me before but yeah sad
times I should probably be prioritised
my time right now but I got a new laptop
case because my other one broke on the
bottom and it kept falling off so anyway
I got this new one
frosted clear and I wa I got this
sticker and I thought it was so cute so
I want to just stick it on top there you
have it the first sticker on my new
laptop case you can't really tell but
it's like spongy almost it's kind of
thick very cute so whenever we leave I
always have to remind aslan to grab his
keys his wallet and his phone so I
thought I'd leave these little reminders
for him so that on his way out he looked
it Oh Richie thinks he's going somewhere
you can't go to Canada you're scared of
flying
aren't you anyway and then I also said I
love you
how sickly are we all Ridge so the
reason I haven't been vlogging vlogging
just because I forgot the vlogging
camera at home on the kitchen table so
I'm using now and I'm a little highly
stressed tightly wound but anyway I'm
here with Lucy who I don't know if I can
flip the camera but she's open game and
we're gonna order something at wag mama
to ease the pain of this situation
against movie Lucy got this
delicious-looking chicken katsu curry
and this movie
alright gay I have purchased a new
camera I took the hit the canon g7x
which is what we normally use
unfortunately didn't have any of the
cheaper ones in stock so
great success I found a single plug so
I'm trying to charge the camera let's
just wave my magical hand and make it
charge extra fast good morning from
Toronto everyone wow what an evening so
I feel like the last time I logged was
in the airport before I actually got in
the flight and that is because the
camera wouldn't turn on it wouldn't
charge and then my phone died so I
couldn't vlog and when we got back to
the hotel it was about 9:00 or 10:00 in
the evening I was like closer to 10:00
so I was absolutely exhausted and I had
nothing really to report in other great
news
the cab driver found my camera in the
car so shut up too Addison Lee I took it
out of some late to the airport and if
it was any other car I just don't think
they would have kept it so I'm so
pleased with that and yeah we called
them and they were like yeah we found it
it's here in the lost-and-found center
so I'm so excited about that I just have
to wait until as them can go pick it up
send me the footage and then I can edit
the videos and upload them because the
footage on that actually spans across
two vlogs so these vlogs might be going
up a little bit later because I don't
have the footage and if I just upload
like this video it would be random and
no one would really get what was going
on anyway
so it is about 8 o'clock in the morning
here in Toronto I've just gotten out of
the shower and I'm about to eat
breakfast and I should put my makeup on
as well but I thought I'd show you the
breakfast because we only have about
half an hour to eat before my first
thing today and we got room service I
never really get room service but I'm
very excited about this so first up we
got apple juice I got orange juice this
fruit came with the breakfast you know
I've never tried this fruit before never
in my life and then down here in this
like box thing
are the eggs I'm so hungry and excited
yay this omelet is honestly one of the
best omelets I've ever had it's so big
and yummy and GZ mm-hmm so I'm in this
big fancy room during my first press
interview of the day and I'm gonna
swivel my boardroom chair around to see
all these people who I'm talking to
they're from Ryerson and we're just
talking about how I am actually a topic
of study in the university which is
crazy and it's all because this lovely
lady right here
can I just zoom in on you you can how
did that come about because my mom is
gonna die um i watch your videos and I'm
a research assistant for Jeremy over
here
and all summer I was watching your
videos and showing him them and he
included it in the syllabus ah so crazy
let's hug it out after this now we're in
this crazy elevator Lucy's back here
chillin the elevator is carpeted it's
like velvet I guess I'm allowed to vlog
here because it's a freakin YouTube
convention thing so that's fine I just
want to say this hotel is insane it's
like so regal you know I find it places
yes like fancy oh okay you know what I'm
gonna get back to the hotel room and
I'll do a hotel room tour so you put the
key in and you come in this is the
biggest hotel room I've ever stayed in
just FYI so this is the first bathroom
yeah you heard me right
first bathroom so you have a toilet and
that Oh Lucy's makeup coming here
there's like this little living room
area which we have completely messed up
even though we've only been here for
like eight hours in total then you have
my bed over here I know this is really
blue guys I think it's cuz the room is
really dark anyway then there's Lucy's
bed another TV two plates of fruit that
we're gonna be eating and the second
bathroom
which has a shower in it so yeah cool
times so guys I just got off the phone
with my mom because I always talk to my
mom but anyway my mom is my frickin life
coach let me just say like I
we're at least three times a day every
day she helps me through life I can
literally talk to her about anything she
gets it she is there with me and this is
just a mom appreciation moment I'm gonna
be seeing you in a couple days anyway at
the moment I'm gonna watch Drake's
hotline bling' video again and chill up
all right
it is about 1:30 just finished with all
of the interviewing stuff now we're
gonna walk to try to find a bite to eat
we're just gonna wander around and see
what's there because we are quite
starving but yeah like well this is the
first time we've left the hotel today I
mean of course we're at Tim Hortons how
could I resist it was right beside the
hotel it's calling me lunch is served
chicken soup turkey sandwich ice cap I
could not be happier right now
this is what life is all about watching
dr. Phil when it's actually on live in
North America yay you can't change what
you don't acknowledge that was actually
the worst dr. Phil impression I've ever
done I'm usually pretty good so it's
been a while since I our last update
together and I redid my makeup and my
hair and I have a fancy dress on you can
see quite a bit of cleavage there at
that angle though anyway rosianna has
come by our abode hello everyone it's so
weird to see rosianna in like every
single part of the world yeah when we
were last in la-la and i don't know it's
just like to run yeah like all these
random places she's all over the place
where we read yeah so we are heading to
dinner and then heading to the red
carpet actually you want to hold this
and I can do it full outfit thank you so
this is my outfit something that might
shock a lot of people to see me in
because I never really wear so like this
but this dress is by self-portrait
self-portrait there we go and it has
pockets which I really appreciate in a
dress you know
and it has this like shear bit here and
there and I just use it for me sauce oh
and the back like this yeah the back is
quite nice yeah I'm wearing this like
weird brawl contraption
so we've invaded Emily and Charlie's
room and Emily it looks gorgeous I can't
get over this outfit this pleated skirt
these boots this top is hair doesn't get
better you know where from know how that
skirt in black yeah like I know it looks
familiar
Oh get in the white one no no I'm
getting out now Charlie's upset that I
didn't say he looked nice too but he
looks really really nice as well and as
a pair they look gorgeous Wow I have
never seen you so dressed up in my life
oh it's really nice damn so at the
pre-party which is actually in there but
Lucy and I are sitting on the floor on
the stairs actually because my feet are
in pain I hate wearing high heels these
are the most painful things I've ever
experienced in my life
so just taking five here
perfect which was amazing I think
technically that was my first red carpet
experience and you see did blogs and
stuff but very very fun
Claire Claire is and she's going to do
her best impression of my baby size of
our egos
but seriously there are so many talented
young people in this room and conversely
somebody all the people who wish we
could just get off the wrongs and help
them Instagram is actually
hello hello sorry I've been listening to
the new Adele song all freaking day so
I'm in a towel right now I do have
clothings on this is probably the most
naked you'll ever see me how does that
feel I'm being weird because I'm very
tired and jet-lagged it is late
for me it is about midnight and that
means it's 5:00 a.m. UK time I'm feeling
a little screwy so to speak so I'm gonna
wash my face go to bed because I've got
to be up and Adam tomorrow at about 7
a.m. because I have a panel I mean the
panel doesn't start at 7:00 but by the
time I get ready you have breakfast and
head on over there I have to wake up at
7 so my hair is doing wonderful crazy
things and yeah oh yeah the whole point
of this is I had a great evening at the
red carpet gala at buffer festival it
was so much fun and inspirational and
great and I got to speak to a lot of
people that I don't normally get to see
which is really cool that's what we owe
it all off some day and I will be
vlogging again tomorrow so I'll see you
tomorrow I don't even know anywhere
