Wow I'm looking very pretty this morning
oh my god anyway it's about eight
o'clock in the morning and I am going to
the gym yay I've been so busy the past
week that I haven't actually been to the
gym in a week did you know that they're
just they're just waiting anyway I'm
just so have to eat a little nibble and
then I'm heading out to the gym and um
it's my nose red anyway it doesn't
matter because Reggie loves me hey you
so beautiful we love a good morning
snuggle with Reggie he's so long in
zucchini so I just got out of the shower
because you can probably tell I'm
looking extra fancy jkjk but anyway I
have it's like a busy yet relaxing day
it's kind of weird so basically today is
the day before I fly to Toronto so I'm
trying to get everything done and of
course I've had a horrible skin break
out and I just wanted to talk about that
because I pretty much always stick to
the same skin care which is mvo organic
skin care I love it my skin has never
been better since using it anyway I
changed one thing and I was using this
Clarins Blue Orchid treatment oil and I
think this is the culprit which makes me
so sad because I absolutely loved it it
really moisturized my skin it smells
really nice but I don't think it's
really agreeing with me so I'm gonna
pack this and bring it for my mom
because she'll want it um just thought
I'd let you know about that
so anyway I'm not gonna be wearing any
makeup today because I'm getting my
first ever spray tan and I'm so nervous
and scared and it's a lovely guy named
Jules who's coming over he's been in my
vlog before so he's coming over a bit
later but yeah no makeup no body
moisturiser which is like killing me
because I just took a really
shower and I couldn't put moisturizer on
because I guess the like 10 doesn't
stick to it and I'm not gonna do
anything with my hair because it's
probably just gonna get tan all over it
anyway so that's a little update on
what's going on with me I'm going to go
make breakfast now it's about 9:30 ish
and I will report back Reggie is getting
a treat this morning
okay so occasionally we go to the
butchers and get him these bones with
bone marrow in it his eye he's oh my god
he's so happy okay so my toast has been
toasted and now I'm going to cut some
avocado so I'm just gonna set you here
and see if that works yeah well you can
see but this is a mini avocado and it's
really good because I usually only want
half and then I just saved the rest for
later like that that's kind of gone off
a bit but Yolo Yolo okay then I'm just
going to scoop it out and spread it on
the toast okay but a boom bada bing an
egg some raspberries some tea and I also
picked these up at pret was yesterday
had the day before it's just like
different shops I love the ginger shot
so much and I especially love to have it
before I fly just so I don't know makes
me feel better but I've never tried the
berry shot so I'm not gonna drink both
of these now but I might drink one it's
different editing so not like editing I
don't know why but it smells also quite
citrusy
so I'm reheating some pizza for lunch
today because we got pizza yesterday
and I just wanted to remind everyone of
our pizza reheating method in the frying
pan that Aslan taught me years ago and
it is the best way to reheat pizza
because not only does the bottom get
crunchy but you can flip it over and the
top gets crunchy so we're going to enjoy
this now Amelia
you know those stick-on bra things that
you don't have to like have is where do
I get those and do they work because I'm
wearing this dress that like shows the
back of the bra strap yeah and it like
acts like a bra so here's the current
chaos on my bed right now I'm trying to
pack for Toronto and get some outfits
but of course I'm getting a little
carried away with what's going on right
now I'm wearing my pajamas Aslan's robe
my old sweater and my fuzzy jacket
because this is this is a Wednesday
afternoon people and this is what you do
I'm definitely bringing this coat I
don't care what anyone says I love it
Jules has arrived and we're talking
about the tan and he says he's gonna do
it let's tell the viewers how you can
got into this gosh I fell into this and
I think I was working in fashion and
then I worked in beauty magazines in
Australia and then yeah I live down
under and then um I felt had first
things coming and it just kind of
happened and I just started assisting
someone go Nicola Jobs who was Kate
Moss's facialist she taped me so you in
safe hands oh my god and then I did X
Factor and then in it strictly and
I'm just going for it so you are like me
literally with one of the best tunnels
and I hate blow my own trumpet Babar
blow it baby and also we'll talk about
this later but Jules has a YouTube
channel I want to talk about how much
fun you have over there oh I love doing
my YouTube
I'm it's Jules Hudson store I do
grooming beauty and just general
silliness like I have a look on that and
I said this I think in the last video
that you ran but he's like one of the
funniest people ever and can I just say
I have fun
that's the clay ever that is the claim
effort because I actually don't laugh at
people's jokes that much but what makes
me die laughing I can't help it
yeah yeah she's easily human I'm not
anything we're having tea now I've
talked to the kids so in here we have
towels we just have a beautiful floor I
don't ruin it I mean the nine Thirteen's
healthy little footsies is done okay
I say footsies they might be crispy time
oh my god okay I didn't know that don't
be scared by this okay next their
tanning and the mist needless to say I
brought light solution
imagine your town before you go on
holiday what kind of holiday do you want
to have do you want like two weeks
Cornwall three weeks sample France
eight weeks Barbados oh well have a
thing well I just want like when outside
one afternoon type of thing yeah I don't
want to be as orange as Reggie see
that's the thing
but then I don't need to be streaky he's
like all depressed now okay and then you
plug it in and then what you put lotion
on afterwards or then then what or we'll
get to that
okay
now we're on to the 10th okay okay this
is happening is this the one that you
use for all the the cool people who's
been in the base yeah in this one in
this one is anyone because you weren't
there but it may be a metaphorical baby
oh cool
so this is where I'm gonna be standing
and I found a completely naked so you
can see okay all right so the only thing
I'm gonna be wearing are these paper
underwear which are interesting so give
me strength
I'm doing this oh who is this I've just
had my tan and I am in awe this is my
first ever spray tip my first ever ten
aslan came home halfway through the
treatment and saw me naked in the living
room I was like oh hell oh yeah like hey
so Jules talk us through what was that
treatment that I just got well this um
should have the classics time to play
classic spray tan and so it's golden
it's light its natural and but quite the
color change I like really nice bike
yeah my eyes and but it's all over and
it looks so natural and you even said
when he looks in from the Mary you like
yeah I've never experienced anything
like so when Jules and I first met he's
like I have to tell you and I was like
yeah it was like it wasn't a question
now it was I'm going to town you are you
like oh I killed the tan you like would
you like no I just go over and I'm like
did you need my help
well there's a couple of girls at the
bus stop I want to say this don't beat a
blue in their shoes honey oh my god and
that's where I was so I've managed to
pretty much pack everything I need I got
my fuzzy jacket here and I use these
little things I just got them on eBay
inspired by Ingrid of course and they
are the most useful things ever so I
have like one pair of shoes in there
another pair of boots in here these are
all of my skirts
this is dresses and stuff my underwear
and socks pajamas and just like sweaters
and stuff t-shirts it's so useful so I'm
just gonna try to make sure I have
everything and yeah good progress yay I
know I look alarmingly dark for me but
apparently the tan gets darker and
darker as the night goes on and then
when you shower the next morning it gets
better anyway I am here with Aslan
enjoying some family time before we
leave both before I leave tomorrow what
do you think of my new tan no you like
it yeah it's nice it actually looks
insane on camera but in real life I look
orange like Jules was not joking around
he's like babe wait till you see what
you look like
later on tonight I was like not
believing him but this has freaking
darkened yeah I've never been this tan
in my life but I'm gonna be vlogging for
the next few days the next like week
actually lots of lots are coming your
way so you'll see me two more in the
next vlog looking hopefully a little
just you know more natural for me and my
skin tone yeah and I'm not allowed to
shower tonight I'm not allowed to shower
or anything like that I feel so gross
yeah that's what this is why I'm sitting
so far away but yeah I will hopefully
you know look alright tomorrow and yes
I'm just gonna chill watch first dates
now don't really have much else to
report because I'm I've just finished
packing and everything I'm kind of tired
now so I'm gonna wrap it up and I will
see you tomorrow for my flight to Canada
