breakfast time if you're wondering what
these little lumps are it's just from
the almond milk it's not like some sort
of gross dust you know what it's funny
you don't mind these little specks when
they all know it but you hate it when
you're normal anyway we're even that
pineapple and Aslan's eaten is toast
with marmalade and Welch's grape jelly
the good this stuff comes out it's got
the opening just Wow sexy anyway ignore
my dirty laptop screen that is covered
in gross dust as I thought I should
share with you I'm loving this album it
is called have you in my wilderness and
it's by Julie a halter and I can't stop
listening to it thank you too at the
Niels rugby fans honor for the
recommendation of course it's a needle
dot needled up needle drop
recommendation and I'm like about 80% in
love with Anthony and I think everyone
knows that I mean I think everybody is
yeah I think you know I'm gonna bump it
up to 95 yeah good challenge is is the
best evening game because we all know
the real best teeth in the game all
right I'm not gonna show them no yes you
are
ha ha there you go so that's the
challenge on I think you know you may be
bested right there
ok ok but anyway I still think Anthony
has the best teeth of the game but
anyway I love this album and aslan
through that mean he's like you're
probably gonna love this it's like a
modern-day Joni Mitchell mixed with a
girlier beach house what do you say yeah
absolutely something like that and I was
like I love it and I do so in the last
vlog I mentioned that I bought these two
things from Space NK and I just want to
give you an update they are the bomb
calm now I've used them twice since I
got them and I just want everyone to
know potentially the bed
Foundation and concealer I've ever tried
in my entire life they're so creamy and
I'll show you more when I go or like
outside to see but you can't even tell
there's anything on your face like at
all and I wore it yesterday and I said
to ask them like oh do you like my new
foundation he's like I didn't even think
you were wearing foundation that is the
the trick to this game and I think it's
amazing so yeah just wanted to update
you on that Reggie is patiently waiting
in the car to go to the park there he is
free okay nobody like anyway
Reggie has upgraded is this thing
recording Reggie has upgraded to no
leash inside park because he's so good
and he always comes back and his recall
is amazing how does work that's a lie
about the recall terrible he doesn't
realize but he's he's really good
I am rocking that Iceland's hat today
and I'm thinking I might have to get one
for myself because it's so comfortable I
don't have to flip the screen up so oh
yeah we're still recording what is going
on with that strand there we go yep at
the park of do you probably guess and
we're heading for a bucket oh there's a
greyhound over there do you see it yeah
it's a it's a great greyhound let's go
meet it okay I don't actually think it's
a greyhound but it is a grey dog and
it's a very wiry one Reggie's like
ignoring him as he usually doesn't I'm
gonna get you Aslan was kind enough to
be a little gentleman and give me his
coat to wear cuz I'm freezing and I was
like feel my nose it was like it's like
a bicycle it's gonna like fall off any
minute
and Aslan's nose is warm as hail
and it's like looking to see it like
where's reg so yeah I'm just a
cold-blooded lizard basically is what
I'm saying
I need mmm bad and Ward's it now
well-fed not ready water there's no
water in that market if you ever yeah if
you ever go to the market get your own
water we're gonna have no beverages
there okay what aren't you Reggie what
do you feel about the water situation in
the market huh how do you feel about
that high Reggie how do you feel about
it huh
all right she'll go home
if not you are the prototype
we'll tiptoe through
with two things
I know you like I can come in love
so we are back in Spitalfields look at
that oh hello how was it being part of
the Beatles
so we're thank ya well yes but no video
okay yeah now we're gonna head off to
its the photo book weekend and somewhere
near the Truman brewery they are doing a
little market where lots of little
publishers are getting together to show
off their photo book so check that out
so my mom tells me I need to show more
of my surroundings when I vlog so here
are the surroundings this is for you mom
okay the caboose does a group up there
so I'm just walking along and here is
the hmm Beauty Department introducing I
mean apparently it's a brand new thing
and everyone says its amazed come in
section well check it out here's a
little look at everything beautiful I've
been testing out of pomade it smell good
so it's not on Aslan's wish list but I
think it looks quite cool so the reason
we're here is because we wanted to
attend a photo book weekend which is
inside which we've already been inside
and they have books was getting big it
was good so now I think we're gonna
wander around I was just in this record
store but I didn't get anything but yep
nice to enjoy the vibes Rough Trade
Rough Trade East I was in there and one
of the first ones I saw was that CD I
was listening to a CD I guess CDs are
old-school but you know the album I was
listening to Julia Holt holder holder I
can't remember but yeah
and now we're in a very cool spacious
gallery looking at photos like the edge
in here good thing we're not getting
so we wanted to go to the iyy exhibition
today I weigh weight not I why why I
weigh weight
just till everyone know that I've messed
up I'm not gonna edit it out because
everyone makes mistakes
anyway we are at the I Weiwei exhibition
there are these cool trees and we really
want to go inside but we don't have
tickets so we don't know if we can just
like it tickets here very good salable
what how they feel about the hughes
because all the six online was sold out
so in other words it's gonna be a long
queue and we're not gonna be able to go
in but we're gonna check anyway just for
the lulz this is probably the nicest
thing about coming home and every dog
owner probably can attest something
about having a dog greet me come home is
just so nice so I get really bad
blisters these aren't Lister's this is
just marks for my shoes but I started
wearing these little socks this is also
just like a mark from my shoe here just
let you know this is like ink from my
shoe anyway you wouldn't think thin
socks like this would make a difference
in protecting your feet but they do they
do so much they look so weird but they
work so ho I love them so it's not it's
not about 5:30 and I was trying to say
something but Aslan is back there like I
didn't notice uh-huh it's now 5:30 but I
just wanted to show you how the
Foundation's held up so I put this on at
about I don't know what you say 9:45
9:30 okay ish and it's just so dewy and
natural what do you think of this
foundation
in your skin right yeah yeah I mean it's
most natural looking foundation that
I've ever seen you that you heard it
here first folks held up your skin
doesn't look too greasy or anything all
those aren't really hot days that's true
but normally like my skin gets really
dry like it's not like patchy and cakey
that's what happens with my other stuff
doesn't it yeah yeah see what you're
saying but this one's done really well
lay it all out in the line
but seriously like I will actually zoom
in on my nose normally all around here
gets so just like dry and cakey but it
looks impeccable impeccable yeah mom I
was gonna say it before but yeah I
really like that foundation as well I'm
just in the middle of something right
now but I do agree it's amazing I'm just
so excited about your new foundation I
just kept teeth
so we've reheated a lot of our pizza and
I get this much and as one gets this
tiny slice that's it that's all you're
gonna get so I managed to get a tiny
slice it so cute one bite done so guess
what I stay he's making me do fill up
are you you she looks at me and gives me
the puppy eyes and says what do you
think my you you how can I resist and we
are returning you you into her I was
right together you you what's wrong with
you anyway I'm watching a Robin Williams
specially more special and amazing I
love Robin Williams
I've always loved in
Mork & Mindy yep I mean there's no one
like Robin but anyway I think we're
going to wrap it up I'm going to enjoy
this because I need a little heat on my
lady parts
what why'd you need heat on your lady
parts
I mean issues this juice issues lady
issues girls you know what I'm talking
about sometimes you just need a hideous
water bottle and you just need to watch
TV and you just need to complain about
nothing no that smell guys you know you
need to just turn on your special ears
you know the kind of areas where you're
kind of picking stuff up but really
drowning most of it out there's you know
what I'm talking about on the surface
it's like you're listening but deep down
yeah come to think of it because
anything else go baby alright so we hope
you enjoyed today's vlog you can wrap it
up and we will see you in the next one
bye okay excuse me I'm sleeping don't
disturb me bye-bye
