good morning my sweet angels I thought
I'd vlog today because it's been a while
I was like look no eyes watching I was
like I haven't walked in a few days so
she probably vlog I am NOT doing
anything super exhilarating today that's
how I start all my vlogs to really keep
you watching right now I'm having a cup
of tea which is made with almond milk I
normally like my tea without milk but I
have had none left and I forgot to get
at the grocery store but it's okay I
don't know I just feel like almonds a
bit it's a bit much in the tea oh it is
very nice it's very breakfast tea anyway
I'm watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I'm on season 5 episode 16 and if you
watched Buffy you know which episode
this is I mean maybe not off by heart
but if you look it up it is the most
heart-wrenching episode I have seen thus
far and last night I was trying to wash
it in bed and Aslan was like not having
it so it my nose 18 um and I was
properly crying in bed and this is the
first time sorry my nose is very chill
on the outside I'm not like picking my
nose it's very itchy
I think I cried one other time in this
series because I didn't watch Buffy as a
kid I saw it like on TV sometimes but I
was never invested in it so I'm really
powering through these episodes as an
adult and it is a great show it's a
great show I suggest you watch it if you
like vampire stuff which I do and yeah
Reggie's in a bit of a mood today oh my
god Reggie you in a mood he's in a bad
mood I don't know why this morning hello
I see you're having breakfast do tell
what you're eating do tell I'm eating my
protein bread
oh yeah Aslan's got this little
obsession with protein bread yeah I know
my protein bread yeah I was peanut
butter and some bananas on this toast
and some grape jelly onion on grape jam
if you want to be American I actually
but whenever
in North America I get him this Welch's
grape jelly jam stuff we want to talk
about your facial hair what about
everyone loves it it's very open now so
please I'm creeping on aslan because I
want him to do an oo TV they love that
when I do those you need well you look
so good I love your outfit today so this
is what Aslan is working with today can
I just talk about this I love the pop of
pink thank you and I love the little
detail of the pink coming out here yes I
love the Hat
I love a little tuft you want to discuss
your outfit how does it make you feel
this is like a good awesome outfit you
know yep yeah take on the day put some
good warmth of layers yeah I get too hot
strip it off mm-hmm love it have a nice
day
fine I've been myself some breakfast
finally two glorious eggs on one piece
of toast and I even have some orange
juice and poor Reggie's like still being
sad I just did my makeup and I thought I
would let you know what I'm wearing on
my face because I always forget to say
so on my lips I went for something
different I haven't worn this in so long
and it's one of my all-time favorites
the Revlon just bitten kissable balm
stain in the shade rendezvous it's so
moisturizing and it's bright but it's
not like too cray I love it to try it in
the Tarte blush in the shade tipsy
gorgeous orangie blush and I'm also
wearing the Tarte um like mineral powder
as a foundation the Lancome Hypnose
mascara
what else am i wearing um Seabury pale
barley eyeshadow the bomb mary lou
manizer and oh and the benefit brow wiz
stuff like that
I'm getting my eyebrows done today so I
just didn't feel like taking the time
anyway I'm gonna go get my sweater on
and some socks because apparently it's
freezing inside and I'm
to run a few errands so I got lost in
the underground station slightly but I
made it to Victoria because I'm picking
up my glasses which are back there
however they said they'd be done on
Wednesday
now Thursdays and they're not ready but
the guy says he's going to do them right
now so I have half an hour to kill I'm
gonna go into boots Marks and Spencers
there's plenty of stuff to entertain me
and even a Space NK but we'll see about
that so I will be getting my glasses
momentarily
I think a plan needs mouthwash so might
pick that up I'm in M&S checking out the
pajama situation they have actually
really cute pajamas oh my gosh get this
robe this is like what a fancy person
might wear I like it
so I just pick up my glasses but I'm
basically best friends with everyone in
that Specsavers it's Specsavers Victoria
this is not sponsored I am NOT being
paid in any way I pay for my own
prescriptions but I just want to say and
I absolutely respect savers and I took a
selfie with some of the people who work
there and it's squad goals basically so
yep going to head to Harvey Nichols to
get my eyebrows done I'm trapped I'm
trapped right now I think I go this way
to run some errands and then everyone's
staring at me choose a big market here
which I'll show you
these ones looking to where am I
I got a bit this way anyway um no we're
saying oh yeah I'm going harvey nichols
to pick up one thing if they have it and
also get my eyebrows done so much poise
I can safely say I have not been that
hot on the Underground in a very long
time I'm talking upper lip sweat back
sweat even my ankles we're sweating
anyway Here I am I thought I'd show you
the view as soon as you get out of the
station
this is Knightsbridge for you and I'm
going inside here to Harvey Nichols but
I think I'll go in this exit I mean
entrance I just got home and made myself
some lunch I would have logged it but it
looked absolutely disgusting I basically
put a piece of toasted bread with some
roast beef sauerkraut cheese and mustard
and it looked really gross but it was
actually really really good I love
sauerkraut I also got my eyebrows done
which you can see this is with nothing
in them like no pencil or anything and
if it's focusing on them and I just have
to say I never thought I would have full
eyebrows like this I mean there's still
quite sparse in some areas but getting
my eyebrows threaded was the best thing
I ever started doing because it's
actually helped them grow so much so
anyway I'm gonna do the dishes and then
make a cup of tea I'm not sure if anyone
remembers or cares about this but this
is the root held ultimate almond organic
milk the only thing in this is almonds
water and that is it apparently because
if you recall I was using their almond
drink before and it actually had like
some sort of like sunflower oil or
something in there but with this it's
just the I'm going to find the
ingredients here yep it's just water and
almonds so in case you're wondering I
think this is new I saw it in the health
food store the other day
so yeah tea time I've just walked and
fed moja who's resting right now being
the cutie that he is what's up talk to
say something give me a kiss kiss me he
never kisses me he never kisses me and
all I want is a big kiss you're
beautiful
anyway I am now going to I don't even
know what I'm doing I don't even know
what I'm saying
I just turned the camera on I had no
idea what I was gonna say
anyway it's 5 o'clock now Azlan should
be home momentarily red G is trembling
because he's so excite I'm going to get
my loungewear on and I'll show you what
I got from Space NK actually so I fully
admit these were all just purchased out
of sheer boredom because I was waiting
for my glasses but I've been wanting to
try this because I'm pretty sure this is
Amelia's favorite well one of her
favorite foundations I don't know if
this is the actual one but it looks
really really nice so I got that I also
got the concealer that kind of goes with
it because it felt so nice when I tried
it on my hand and then I got a Laura
Mercier cream eyeshadow thing so let me
open these up and show you so there's
the foundation and the concealer I got
the concealer in shade 2 for underneath
my eyes and then I got the foundation
shade for I don't know if it's going to
be ok I just kind of picked the one that
looked the nicest and then this is one
of their cream eye things in the shade
platinum which is a gorgeous like
shimmery champagne color which I'm not
going to take out because I have one
hand but yeah really really nice so yeh
I try all this tomorrow it might
interest some of you to know that I
picked up some new pajamas in M&S and
they're the thermal extra warm ones so I
got the top and I also got the trousers
to match so I'm going to show you what
they look like in the mirror now this is
probably not the most flattering outfit
I've ever worn but I really love them
they're so comfortable and soft and
squishy just like I am I love them and
they're very warm
and inside here is fleece so yep very
comfortable
love your body people warm your body
people I didn't do a very good job
taking off my makeup but Iceland just
got home
well he texted me and said he was coming
home and I was like listen matey
I'm starving please stop at my favourite
Lebanese place but he said no I want to
try a new Lebanese place tonight so I
looked online and none of the places
that delivered us sell pink pickles and
Aslan came home and surprised me with
the pink pickles
haha she loves them from the place and
the guy was like just the pickles I like
it just the bigness he's like so just a
pickle like yeah I really like pickles
is that how did that cause just a
curiosity
well the Boston charged me the same
price that they were charged for Auden's
and I was like oh like he's talking
about half a portion of all this is I
know how much is a portion of olives
well I mean an olive there's a lot more
involved in there like tell me the price
again to Mel what that's a freaking
ripoff
that being said totally worth it for me
because I will eat this time that's
wholly obvious does turnips are very
high price these days but seriously if
any of you watching know where I can get
these in bulk like a huge giant order I
beg you to tell me where dinner is
served
and Reggie is very interested whatever's
going on um man we thought but he was
just a minute ago
anyway we ordered from a different
Lebanese place as you know by this time
and I'm going to show you that we got a
lot of shiz I'm starving so that's so
got my pickles which you know about from
a different location baklava this looks
like baba ghanoush this looks like
spinach parcels this looks like
that's officers tabbouleh tabbouleh MS
date my move and something in here or
something in there and a chicken wrap
for me yeah yeah
wait you're excited very funky hey you
hungry too shut up and get oh I thought
you're telling me to shut up cause like
whoa no need for that someone's angry
okay and it's not as on and I are
splitting a tea bag Fez green tea by
Steven Smith tea maker and what was
putting yeah we are but it's already a
new cup is haha okay this and let's see
if I can drop this into the next mug yep
this tea and this mug actually it's true
double double trouble this was given to
her for given to her friends given to us
by our friends Jade and Cory yes who are
very cool peeps put that blog right here
endlessly and raptured go check it out
with rap
very cool blog and also in the
description box
mmm nice one thank you you sassy today
okay so finished steeping this and then
we are going to dig into our buck lava
so these little guys here I think these
are the one oh snap
date mm ooh probably not pronouncing
that right but that's what it called and
I'm just really struggling there so
these look quite nice we love we love
dates and this is just like standard
baklava which is my advice I mean a lot
of things are my vice but baklava
if somebody gave me 10 packs of baklava
I would happily eat 10 bucks without any
sort of feeling disgust if someone gave
you 12 packs what would you do well I
would eat 12 umm 25 my limit would be
how many pieces my own body weight
I think in general yes I could do but my
own body weight and then goes basically
I think I could eat 10 I could eat 15
pieces of baklava in one sinesses oh
that's it
yeah you weaken me back any more how
many do you think you could eat you
close a little baklava huh um I don't
know what's my weight about though
how much does each buckle away oh come
on anyway we're digging in sadly it's
that magical time that I'm going to be
ending the vlog Aslan and I are still
sipping on our tea which I had balancing
near a foot by the way this mug a lot of
people ask where it's from if you can
see it's like suspended in the middle
and the outer wall doesn't get hot like
the inside gets hot but the outside
doesn't get a lot it's very cool it's by
that what's the code 'm Bodum so I got
it on Amazon I think like a 2-pack
2-pack 2-pack of clear mugs PAC and
Reggie is down here right by my does
just a little pointer doesn't make
anybody like really nervous or anxious
whenever their partner balances a mug of
tea right on the sofa like this it just
leaves it there maybe nobody else's
partner does that maybe I'm the only one
calleded enough to do it never spill
anything
you're just put makan
I'm just perfect JK all right so
wrapping it up I hope you enjoyed
today's video and I will see you did do
you have a nice day today ah busy but
yeah didn't put up too nice
bye
