it's a beautiful day in London today I
have to say there was a there was a week
there where it was raining every single
day over the past like five days it has
been sunny and beautiful and the air has
been crisp so anyway we're taking
advantage of this Aslan's driving we are
heading to lunch with my friend Zack who
you may remember from the slugs last
summer was last summer yeah anyway he
was in London he's one of my best
friends that I grew up with and I'm
really excited to see him because he's
back in London for a couple of weeks so
yeah we're gonna go out for lunch at
this place investable dream that adlets
wanted to go to it looks very very hip
and cool and I will let you know once we
get there look at my view right now this
is insane sometimes I still feel like a
tourist and that's because I kind of
feel like I am it's just amazing I can't
get enough of this city gorgeous look at
that beautiful blue sky ah London
looking sexy today where it's pretty
cool so we've just arrived to our
destination it is glorious in here and
we were walking up these steps islands
down there it was just taking my picture
there's a greyhound over there it's the
hotel greyhound so cute and yeah going
up these big steps this is called the
town hall hotel it is gorgeous in here
absolutely gorgeous as well and I are
just obsessive oh yeah here's here's the
greyhound
her name is dizzy you
I've been a bad vlogger my sad because
we did not hog any of the meal but it
will be up on my new website so you can
check it was great that is Zach has just
landed in London this morning so I think
it's amazing that we had lunch today
even though you got here about two hours
ago you exhaust it and that is the
photographer this is his Instagram say
it
oh it's pamphlet went three peas at the
beginning there we go so follow him he's
got beautiful photos I actually want you
to take my photo one day so what's
happening I'm just about to head out
again but look at how cute he looks he's
been under this blanket for like half an
hour
he's just sleepy I love holding his hand
what a cute little angel
so I'm on my way out again now I've been
home for like an hour
but I'm heading into the town centre to
go to an event first liberty and
aromatherapy Associates event I honestly
don't go to that many like blogger
events and I'm trying to change my ways
and just get out there and be a little
more social because I used to go to a
lot of them and they are really fun and
it's just good to reconnect with people
I know Sammy's gonna be there I just saw
them tweet about it so I haven't seen
her in ages me and then I have well I
don't have to I want to go shopping
because I need some new underwear from
Marks and Spencers because that is how I
roll so I'm going to take the tube to
Oxford Circus and I will see you when I
get there walking along Carnaby Street
it was very busy and then I'm going to
be going inside liberty but I just
wanted to show you the surroundings I
actually like Carnaby Street it has a
specific feeling feeling to it people
walking in front of you it's happening
all over town what am I saying okay
goodbye and I think this is the new
well I know this is the new Mac Store
which is a lot bigger than the old store
which used to be like down this road
looks really cool braving these things I
want to show you so they take the things
that hope this doesn't like burn your
eyes but then they engrave the initials
on the bottle which is really cool so
when it's done I'll show you
oh yeah SC how cool in the mouth like
you're catching up see you today
they're pushing it it feels good so
we're gonna continue talking with the
camera off I'm now just walking around
the shoe section in Liberty Here I am in
this mirror that's very small II didn't
hardly see me and anyway I've never been
in here before if you can believe it I
have never in my life seen oh my gosh
I've never seen this so many beautiful
shoes so I'm just enjoying myself
thoroughly
glorious display
fuzzy things this is the jacket that I
got one of the main reasons why I'm not
sitting and chilling on the couch right
now because I wanted to get some
underwear and some tights and some socks
so that's what I'm doing and I'm now in
Marks and Spencers surrounded by cute
pajamas too so I went to edit this vlog
and I realized I just didn't end it just
didn't end the vlog don't know what
happened there but I thought I would
show you a few things that I got
yesterday because I did get a few things
first thing is the oil which I already
showed you but I haven't actually looked
at it properly yet this is the Liberty
oil it's called clear mind and one of
the girls there were saying that
Princess Diana used to use one of these
oils was a perfume anyway I thought that
was kind of cool so yeah here is mine
and you can see in this corner vaguely
zooming in on my other
e/l cool so I think I need to take a
bath tonight my skin is just acting up
it is just playing playing fool is that
the phrase so then I also have to M&S
and I got some stuff the stuff that I
was looking for so the first thing I got
was I just wanted comfortable underwear
so here they are the lace Brazilians I'm
excited to try these and I also got the
microfiber no vpl Brazilians and they
kind of reminded me of the underwear I
have had from cause but the ones from
calls are really expensive and I just
wanted to see how these compared because
I also got a pair of regular black
tights because it's tight season coming
up and then here's this
okay turn the camera around I got these
socks now they're just like these
regular little footsie things because I
always wear shoes that I want to have a
little sock but not too much sock and
then I was just completely drawn in by
this little pad that's on the foot
apparently it just like helps the shoes
stay on better and stuff I don't know I
thought I'd try them because they seemed
interesting and then I also got these
socks from and other stories so
sometimes when I wear certain boots or
something I like it when a bit of the
sock shows through so I loved those two
colors and then these are just some cute
ones which I can wear around the house
and I also got this dress which I didn't
actually try on if I balance this camera
on my knee you can potentially see it so
here's the neck kind of cinches in at
the waist
and it looks like is this is the worst
thing ever I just thought it was a very
neat pattern so that is pretty much it
oh I got a ring as well very does the
bottom of the bag so here's the ring I
got there you go add it to my collection
I only wear one silver ring which is
this little pinky ring and then I have
these two which looks really nice and I
always wear these two as well so yeah
I'm really pleased with that it's cute
so I'm really ending the vlog now I hope
you're having a great week I'm trying to
vlog more regularly so I hope you like
them and that is it so I nothing else to
say but I'm still talking so I'm happy
to help I'll see you in the next one bye
I thought okay hang on okay
I totally scarf
cheese okay
I completely forgot to give you my
analysis of the movie last night
