good evening everyone there's a little
fuzz on here which is now gone oh well
I've got a little neck irritation good
evening everyone today is Thursday and
today is actually a day that I'm going
to have a date with my friend Amelia
from the YouTube channel Amelia Leanna
you know her go subscribe if you haven't
already she's she's my BAE
anyway we haven't hung out in a long
time together I feel like we haven't had
like quality time so we've arranged this
date together we're gonna have dinner
and a movie
and I thought well it was originally
gonna be both of us but then Aslan
wanted to come along for dinner and a
movie and we all like hanging out so bye
you can like go for part of our date
he's a bit of a third wheel not gonna
lie but so we're gonna have dinner and
then Amelie and I are gonna go see a
movie we're gonna go see the Diary of a
teenage girl which I've been dying to
see and it's only playing out I think
it's like two theaters in London so
finally we've got tickets I'm wearing my
really super cozy sweater I'm just
dressing down today jeans thick socks
trainers I just don't really feel like
getting dressed up but yeah we are on
the way to dinner right now
so we just found out that Piccadilly
Circus and it is going through the like
accused to get out of the undercommons
like so many people I'd usually like
don't take the two better that's why so
here is the restaurant across the street
it's called Mirada apparently Aslan
typed in new restaurant Soho and this is
one that came up so I don't know if
Amelie is gonna be here but we did book
a table obviously yeah selfie sticks are
amazed we're at the dinner place and I
forgot to vlog as soon as we got here
and I thought I'd better of long before
we eat all the food so she's been eating
and say hi to you she looks so nice in
her cape today I was like talking to my
mom about plates and she's like I can't
wear these capes but I think you kind of
anyone can and they look so nice and
like
yeah these are called wrinkles potato
all right I'm going to so we've ditched
aslan I feel like he kind of wanted to
join at the end but he'd already made up
his mind so he can go no no you wanted
to get home it's like not up for it and
we are sitting in the cinema but to
watch we're quite close to the stream
and there's also fake stars at the top
which is kind of cool I'll show you the
screen too so this is our current view
and soon we will be watching a glorious
movie okay hang on okay I totally turn
this Carl jeez okay
I completely forgot to give you my
analysis of the movie last night um the
Diary of a teenage girl and I did tweet
about it this morning because I just
loved that film I think that movie was
amazing it made me feel so many emotions
so many feelings I remember feeling as
like a 16 year old and oh my gosh just
felt so raw I thought it was so so good
so if you've been wanting to see it go
see it definitely Kristen Wiig was
amazing in it and the girl who played
the main character was just flawless I
forget her name but I followed her on
Twitter and I want to be her friend
anyway it's clearly the next day I have
spent the morning filming my September
favorites so I'm gonna go home and edit
that now I've just left storm which is
over there and I had a meeting and they
also gave me this cheeseburger and when
I went in there I was like guys I'm so
hungry and I haven't had time to eat
much today which is very rare for me and
they were like oh there's an extra
burger I did take the lettuce and tomato
off but yeah they like it if there's an
extra burger if you wanted I was like
yeah so okay it's pretty much it I'm
heading home now it is four o'clock on a
Friday and it's a great time to be home
did a great mood today okay I hope
you're in a great mood too I will see
you when I get home bye
isn't this pretty look at this spider
illuminated feel like this is sort of
film or something was originally in the
background there King were Reginald
enters his kingdom is it poppy over
there I know down look it's for squirrel
yeah I read you puppies don't get along
too well that was the game it's gonna go
investigate as what's doing this new
thing where use a plane and Reggie loves
it to me trying to be a plane right
there ah look at him go
I like in the whole time we've had it
because you're acting different you're
mr. cool now you're regis playing again
playing with another dog and trying to
run after a ball max nuts that's not a
dog behavior that's weird that's weird
for Reggie good boy so I'm now cozied up
in Aslan's robes that I got him for
anniversary but I've pretty much stolen
from my own and I think we are going to
make something to eat at some point and
watch TV and chill out it's Friday night
long week chill night
that's what Friday so I'd also do some
cleaning up good morning I'm gonna make
some tea our countertops are still say
because I made cookies last night and
apparently I was too lazy to clean up
after myself
okay time to add the milk good morning
everyone
I'm just awakening and I am going
through my old ask este slash ask any
questions from like last month just cuz
I was scrolling through them and I'm
going to answer three or four of them
right now
number one the puppy Esther asks how
many times do you make poop now this is
a question that very significantly
dependent on what the dye is okay I mean
I wasn't actually answered that question
feeling way too honest this morning
would you ever get a tattoo and if yes
what would it be
now I always said no that's not true I
wanted a tattoo really badly when I was
15 and 16 and then I felt like I grew
out of it and now I'm like dying to get
a tattoo I am still finalizing the ideas
but I think I'd get it on my arm so yeah
I'm talking about it all the time
so you never know what is your most
unhealthy habit well I can show you
what's happening right now
cookies and tea for breakfast that's
what I know is it thank you for being
decent enough breakfast you going
sugary cookies and sugary tea do you I'm
gonna get a sugar high this morning get
me all rubbed up um highest day what is
your favorite cactus we're actually
having cactus issues right now why do I
cactus is isn't dying no two of our
cacti are dying anyone - I'll go show
you these the one time heat you call it
heat yeah why not a sheep is it oh I'm
trying to show them that cactus is
give me this anyway here are our cacti
and now this one is freaking huge you
can't actually tell how tall this thing
is well I'm five foot two and a half I'm
five foot three and that's how tall this
cactus is it's insane it's actually
insane so that one is doing okay
although the texture is a bit weird on
the outside like it's kind of I don't
know I think it means I think it's on
the verge of dying now these ones the
other day we looked I looked at the
cactus pot I was like holy this
one's fallen off this cactus in
particular was my favorite one because
it had this tiny little sprout I think
as one said you can touch this cuz it's
babies oh snap well maybe I can replant
that anyway it fell off this used to be
attached to that and I'm not gonna touch
that and be an idiot but so yeah that's
dead but I think that one's okay I need
to water this because the soil looks
really really dry and then this one just
toppled over yesterday and now it has
this like white fuzzy foam coming out of
it so I think we've really screwed this
up I mean we've had these cactus cacti
for a really long time but it's still
sad anyway I'm going to wrap up this
video right here right now and continue
eating my breakfast I'm also gonna vlog
the day today in a separate vlog so stay
tuned for that I hope you're having a
great week I will see you soon bye oh my
god it's beautiful so this is supposed
to mean a clear this is clear quartz
which is meant to help you
clear your mind clear of clutter and it
also meant to apparently enhance any
particular good qualities that you're
experiencing in that particular time
