good afternoon everyone today is Monday
the beginning of the week I'm just
petting Reggie because he's sad about
leaving I'm just heading into town now
into central because I need to pick up a
few gifts for people um today is
actually my sixth anniversary being with
ashlynn
so we're going to be celebrating later
on this evening and I'm really annoyed
because I got him the perfect gift and
it said it was gonna come on time and
then there was a delay and it didn't
come on time so now I'm just like
rushing to the center hoping I can find
him something just so he can open
something I feel so bad about the whole
thing but it's okay he understands so
I'm going there and I'm also going to be
meeting up with some friends for a hot
cup of tea because it's just like
typical like rainy cold weather today so
I'm really looking forward to that
this weather is absolutely awful I'm
just running from Liberty to yamcha
because I'm meeting Emilia and Claire
and I was like frantically running
through liberty I'll show you what I got
Aslan well tell you it's all wrapped up
anyway and I ran into Tanya Tanya burr
and her friend Kate and it was just so
random she's like I say I was like I
have no idea like hey just I'm in my own
little world today Sunday I'm gonna run
cuz it is pouring so much for my hair
why did I even bother curling in and
nothing else to say so two minutes I'll
be indoors so we were going to have tea
but we were all pretty deserving well
being at sea so I'm here with Amelia
it's a single one yes Amelia and clear
yay this thing is like the worst focus
or ever is yours too but anyway it's
fine most the time so I know make
Claire's been a busy bee at the Burberry
show oh you can just see me that's it
that's me
yeah but we're just eating some food and
talking and catching up so it's been
going great anything else to say anyone
huh end it here I'm in a cab now is
absolutely pouring pouring rain I'm
soaking to the brim so I don't know what
I'm supposed to be telling you I was
good just gonna tell you what I got
Azlan for our anniversary so I got him a
robe like one he can wear around the
house and some very nice pajamas so I
hope he's gonna like them probably won't
but he's like the hardest person to shop
for it I feel like I've already like
thought of so many things but he hasn't
really liked but um we'll see he might
like it but his real gift is coming in
about a week so yeah
and I'm gonna head home and I'm gonna
quickly dry my hair back at home now
slightly drier but very crunchy yeah
this was my hands yeah it was a very
very rainy day today very rainy day um
and as you know it is our sixth
anniversary today is indeed it's years
it's a long time because it that was our
blood kiss we do kiss people but it's
just for me it's not something Oh what
we have kissed before yeah yeah you give
me a peck that one time on the wall
uh-huh anyway you can make it too um so
we've just exchanged our anniversary
presents and normally we don't even
really like exchange gifts but this year
I thought we do we do but like you know
nothing major nothing anyway as when of
course gets me the most thoughtful gift
ever oh my god I cried basically I don't
know how do I explain it I love crystals
you have a crystal interest I have an
interest in crystals and Aslan doesn't
believe in crystals and he took the time
to go to this crystal store and walk
around for like 45 minutes and find
these particular crystals that spoke to
him about me
yeah but Jonathan I went and then the
guy was like have you girlfriend in your
mind and walk around and see the crystal
that kind of jumps out at you and speaks
to you so this is the first crystal that
he got me oh my god it's beautiful so
this is supposed to mean um a clear this
is clear quartz which is meant to help
you clear your mind clear of clutter and
it also meant to partly enhance any
particular good qualities that you're
experiencing in that particular time so
so that's good yeah I thought they could
use that while she works yeah and then
this one here so I'm not really sure
what this one is cold it's cold it's
it's got on the card here
this is Mangano's
sell I sell cite my yes I think
Mangano's cell site Oh calcite
yes mangano calcite okay make sense and
this is kind of like a bit more a pinky
one and it smells like rose don't know
why and this one has been to actually
ward off nightmares and stuff so i think
you gotta keep you soon your bed satyrs
yeah so you can't tell i've been
slightly stressed out and I'm hoping
these crystals are gonna help
I'm gonna do these right the drink I'll
try anything people I really will maybe
read she's looking sweet and beautiful
down there he has been having a good day
I that yeah he's being that frickin that
moody cause of the weather yeah and and
then I got as on a pair of pajamas you
want to shut him so as I mentioned I got
Aslan to his real gift and didn't come
in time but now he's got this this is
just a tiger which I'm very happy with
this little housecoat
yep all this yep row Oscar mmm no Papa
fair very soft very lightweight
lightweight I get very hot so I don't do
anything to mm-hmm looks beautiful you
look beautiful too okay or the center
yes you can and then this is the first
last time ever my life I have like a
pajama set again some cool trousers very
thin cotton ones and a night shirt I
remember the night show before I'm
excited to wear this tonight to see how
it's even it yeah because Aslan loves
fashion in the day and I want him to
bring that on in the evening you know
you're supposed to look good in your
sleep so that if you meet people in your
dreams you look sexy okay yeah well
definitely be looking like a sexy puzzle
Pat purple panther round round so
tonight
Aslan and I are going to have a nice
little evening together we're going to
go out for dinner and stuff and yeah I'm
probably not going to vlog any of that
but I thought I'd share the day with you
today because it's a tonight well
horrible weather but it's nice day
because as and I have been together for
six years and we're very happy
yeah did it committed to forever
committed to forever yeah but I can't
believe it's been six years together can
you I mean I can't believe it it has I
like pause five but I what I look back
like when I think back upon all memories
that I have like your present in like
the vast majority themselves like a
pretty long time so we're off to have a
nice evening together
romantic you've got to get dressed up
have dinners that's kind of place that
has a dress code yeah this place is a
dress code I might take some photos for
my blog but anyway I hope you enjoyed
this video and I'll see you in my next
vlog cheery smooch on the outro oh god a
sidewinder I think you got like half my
face yeah bye
