good morning everyone it's Tuesday again
and I am about to water our air plants I
can't remember if I've ever vlog this
before but basically we have these
plants so I think they're called air
plants I'm sure there's like another
real name for them but we didn't water
them in a very long time they're very
dry and crunchy but the best thing about
these plans is that you cannot kill them
so the way we water them I'm not sure if
this is like the way to water them but I
get a bowl if I can find one pan I get a
bowl one that's big enough something
like that and then you simply fill the
bowl okay and now for the fun part
dunking so now you just take them plop
them in this bowl is probably not big
enough but it's gonna be big enough
today all right say just like submerge
them in the water I usually leave them
for a couple of minutes but they just
come right back to life it's the
craziest thing like like I said you just
cannot kill these things okay and then
once they're submerged for a while I
just take them out and put them click on
a towel so they dry off a little bit but
I don't know if you can tell but there's
so much greener and they're just happier
I don't even know how to start the
suddens because I'm in a very strange
place as SC right now and I found
something that I'm absolutely in love
with and I think I'm gonna get it for
Reggie for his birthday he's gonna love
it here we have a fabulous antique
French wedding displays to end with
taxidermy mouse and Saints crown on
ancient pink velvet cushion for cabinet
of curiosities whoo so it's much later
now it's about 5:00 p.m. and I've just
been filming videos all day today and
stuff like that oh my nose is itchy
there we go
I made an order on Topshop and I got the
thing that I've been dying to get and
I'm not letting anybody tell me that
this is not cool
it is a faux fur fuzzy ass jacket right
here and I absolutely love it hang on
I'm gonna give us on the camera what do
you think of this that's not what I care
so write that down
down down down down down down I ran that
down oh wow that's a fur jacket model it
oh yeah
so what do you guys think of this I said
it was Yeti on top not on the bottom
Reggie loves this thing he loves to eat
it by day he's got me you've got me
you think he thinks you're covered like
Faisal I don't want something saddles
are tucking your mother
Reggie very kind like a cape like this I
think is so cool yeah I really like it
you love furry jackets it's so cool but
unfortunately everything else I got from
my Topshop order did not work out
according to plan I tried them and stuff
on I just like didn't really like it so
that's gonna be returned but I'm
definitely keeping this jacket and I
also got this green skirt which I think
I'm gonna keep cuz I think it's really
nice but the rest is going back um I
just got off the phone with my mom she's
being hilarious as per normal she can
chat like I think I talk a lot my mom
talks a lot and I love when she talks I
think it's so cool when she talks okay
what am I even doing I'm super sad check
I'm gonna get my pajamas on all right
I'm back in my comfortable clothes when
I'm wearing this sweater you know it's
relaxation time because this is my most
favorite comfortable sweater I'm going
to eat some leftover hummus that we got
the other day is it hummus or hummus I
say I say hummus hummus
also as lemon got some new socks flex
your toes and really show them off
oh wow your angle just cracked sorry oh
I got a fuzz on my sweater nope no um
good morning everyone it's small it's
not really morning it's lunchtime it's
1:30 this is usually the time I am
walking Reggie but it is pouring rain
like pouring rain like I haven't seen in
a long time it's really raining cats and
dogs so I've just been typing up a blog
post and doing some emails I went to the
gym this morning all Reggie wants to do
is go for a walk but he can't okay it
really doesn't look that bad
but it is okay it is also Reggie's been
really into his blanket lately this is
actually our blanket that we use but I
mean he's family I don't mind but he
loves being under this blanket like he's
so cozy and he sleeps like nothing else
like he loves it I know like it just
looks like I put it on there but he will
sleep like this for hours and hours on
end which I do show a lot on my snapchat
which by the way is se underscore button
see I just think he's so sweet under
this blanket he's amazing I decided to
take the easy way out with some
prepackaged pasta and I loaded it up
with Parmesan cheese because I'm just in
one of those moods where I need some
carbs and some cheese note him saying
ladies and a glass of water and I'm
gonna watch something on Netflix and
Reggie's also joined me looking like the
perfect Prince that he is he's perfect
so I forgot the memory card for the vlog
camera so I'm on my phone hence the
quality change here you can see that I'm
here at cereal time yay
it's just insane right now we just
finished filming some of the crazy
Johnson we just filmed the craziest
thing I've ever even heard of yeah it
was it got pretty weird pretty quickly
yes I don't know how it's going to turn
out so when is this video coming out
either way when it comes out I will link
it in on my Twitter but I will link to
cereal time below so go subscribe to
cereal time because it's a very cool
show at these two Coolio's and it's just
a great time all around so before my
phone dies again I'm gonna sign off good
morning everyone
it is Thursday and I've had a few
probably wonder where I am I'm in the
airport right now which might come to
you as a big shock and it's kind of a
shock to my system as well my alarm went
off this morning at five o'clock in the
morning hit me hard hit me very hard but
yep I'm here all alone which is weird
because I haven't gotten anywhere alone
in a long time but I'm actually headed
to Cologne Germany because I was invited
to speak at a conference there and I'm
really excited about it and I'm all
dressed up and ready to go I've never
had tight boots on
this early in the morning about just
waiting for the flight the flights
delayed
oh yeah just gonna sit here and have a
little snack I just got to the hotel
room and I'm looking I'm very well lit
because I'm looking outside onto this
know if you can see there's like a
courtyard thing there it's really nice
it's like a big window I have to go
straight to this conference in ammount
10 minutes so I'm just trying to get
myself organized a little bit but this
room is super cute should I do a room
tour so I've already made it a mess but
so you walk in there's a little bed it's
a little station thing here and the
cutest part is they put these little
mini Haribo things on the bed super cute
yeah the window there and then in the
bathroom isn't here so I'm going to
freshen up with this very small mirror
and I just like touch up my makeup and
then I'll be heading out so backstage
right now
and apparently I'm gonna go speak on
this panel in quite dark
but it's about five o'clock I've been
here all day wandering around actually
met two girls who came up to the five so
hello to you I'm sorry it's unfocus Adar
I think
so wish me luck I'm gonna go out there
kill it
I don't know how many killer out there
but nerves are kicking
doing a lot of stuff right now
so SJ you share with us a little bit of
the lifestyle changes kind of broadening
it to so many other areas
so I'm leaving the conference now it is
oh well of course now I'd like stops I
feel like this has happened twice now in
this book but it was absolutely pouring
rain just a minute ago but I think it's
kind of stopped so I'm gonna get into a
cab so it's much later now I'm being
quiet because there's like rooms all
around me and the walls are very thin I
just washed my face as you can see my
skin's very mad at me for wearing makeup
from 5:00 a.m. until 10:30 p.m. I just
went up for dinner with some people here
and it was delicious I cannot remember
the name of the restaurant but I did get
a boiled peach dessert which was amazing
and I managed to grab some footage of
that just look at that peachy peachy
glory so I'm gonna go to bed because I'm
really sleepy and I will see you when I
wake up in the morning good morning
everyone it is Friday today it's Friday
today and it's 9:20 in the morning I'm
just put two head down for breakfast and
then I have to shoot off to the airport
and head back home to London the flight
from Cologne to London is only 55
minutes which i think is just like crazy
I don't know
so yeah the only issue I'm having right
now is that my camera battery is about
to die so I probably won't be able to
vlog until I get back home but not much
is gonna happen it's going to be me in
the airport wandering around alone and
then getting on a plane and wandering
around alone so anyway I'll see you when
I get back in London later this
afternoon
alright so I am home now he feels so
good to be back home I know I was only
gone for like a day but it was just like
you know um the unit wasn't complete
there now the unit is complete because
before I always filled me like that oh
it's not complete anymore
yeah can you hold it cuz it's not
complete good right you ready
anyway um we've just ordered a cheeky
Domino's Oh
she's coming oh it's a weird new sweater
it's not I just haven't asked by the
world where oh he does do that whatever
you weigh he's our new clothing you
bring anything here to the house you'll
have this snip yes so we are just
chillin we've ordered with cheeky
dominoes we're gonna eat the food we're
already in our pajamas as you can tell
it feels good
also I just wanted to show you a couple
things I got in the airport
Alexandra Steiner from Glamour magazine
Oh focus is always always always talking
about this lipstick she wears she says
it's like her favorite Chanel lipstick
and this is my first ever Chanel
lipstick I've never had one before to
the shade 54 which is called boy I'm
just gonna try to open this here
one-handed it's just a really pretty
neutral pink I think it's beautiful so
I'm excited for my first Chanel lipstick
and they also got the Chanel 10 - Chanel
the bronze Universal I've had this
before and it dried up and I had to get
rid of it because I had it for so long
and I I wasn't even the biggest fan of
it back back back in the day but I
wasn't the biggest bronzer fan back in
the day and now I love bronzer and I was
kind of looking at it on the M aisle I
just I really liked it so I thought I'll
give it another whirl it's just so
pretty and beautiful so those are my two
things I got in the airport so I'm going
to wrap up the weekly recap video now I
hope you enjoyed this week and I will
see you very soon bye rocking out to
Beyonce and Nicki Minaj how'd you do
and this lady who is in her maybe like
mid-40s just like grab my arm I thought
I was being attacked so naturally I like
freaked out and then
