hello it's Tuesday and I'm starting
something new on this channel I'm gonna
be doing the occasional weekly vlog
which I'm going to be calling the hash
tag recap and imagine like strobe lights
coming in and out like but you could do
hash tag recap that's what we're doing
today
I meant to start this vlog yesterday
which was Monday but that was a complete
and utter fail didn't even remember to
pick up the camera so we're starting
today on a Tuesday on a Tuesday in
making love on a Tuesday you can see my
doritos back there and made love to
those last night those were delicious
and now I'm going to be filming some
videos so I'm going to put the camera
down and I will regroup with you when
I'm done filming my outfit today is this
you can't really see but it's a sweater
from Maj this like skirt thing from
arisia and some jeans so it was probably
the best outfit of the day you've ever
seen just kidding this thing is not
focusing okay I'm gonna get in the zone
later be right back I look like I'm all
today
it's quite chilly actually surprisingly
well not so surprisingly the mood from
summer to autumn is like so it's just
like that hasn't it it's been insanely
quick they go sorry about that
always saying yes it's confusing please
show the way it's true on the 500 sound
if you go out the window operators are
in the middle here normally they're on
the armrest it's a bit confusing as dead
anyway we're about 20 minutes away from
our destination right now I have a
meeting with the guys who are designing
whoa they're designing my new website
which is something we've been working on
for a really long time and they're also
the ones who have been working on my
logo which has been about a four or five
month process you wouldn't think that
logo would take so long yeah I think you
know to make it right and to make it
something that truly that you'll be
happy with it isn't just like something
you just come up with yeah I'm so happy
with it it's a love it or hate it I
think yeah I keep showing people I love
it personally yep so get we've been
working really hard on the logo and the
and the website but today is needing to
sort of finalize the website
yeah birthdays want me along cuz I think
she just wants to him a second opinion
maybe like if somebody hasn't already
set eyes on the website yeah but you
know as one has really good design a
good design I tell thank you very much
it's not is where we're headed
so we're gonna go to hip Dalston haven't
been to Dalston in a very long time
no I went once yeah it's true so yeah we
are making our way through class and
well right now and like oh whoa maybe a
little too hip for us you know maybe
feel like it's very very hip very hip
people are like blank checks outside
we're in a warehouse my hair looks
intense I always say like I look that I
look like Ichabod Crane from Sleepy
Hollow he's my chair like this looks
better when I curl up I just didn't have
time today and we just left the meeting
with the guys and I wanted to put them
in the blog but they said no we're
locked in oh and one of the guys just
had a little well his wife had a baby
and he's like I am NOT getting in this
vlog I have like babies sick all over me
I haven't had a haircut and I'm like
come on come on so anyway update great
progress do you feel good I think so I
think it looks great
I think people are all aware in which
direction Embry's headed which is very
important yeah so we are gonna head home
now and feed Reggie and walk Reggie so I
just got back from the gym about half an
hour ago and I was gonna vlog but then
Emilia called me on the phone and we've
been chatting and laughing ever since so
I'm just gonna finish up my tea I made
an egg earlier don't if I said that
finish up my tea which is so good and
I'm gonna reply to some comments and
some emails and then I'm gonna get into
the shower because I desperately need a
shower I'm going through like this phase
where I don't enjoy going to the gym
like sometimes I love going sometimes
I'm just like oh cannot be bothered but
I'm glad I went this morning hopefully I
come out of my
soon but just pushing myself to go and
I'm also a lot like I'm a lot weaker
since like going to Canada and stuff I
wasn't working out so it's been a
struggle the struggle is real in the gym
lately but that's okay
work oh fitness dramarama so I was
getting off the tube my hair looks
insane right now it's just the wind
getting off the tube rocking out to
Beyonce and Nicki Minaj had you do and
this lady who is in her maybe like mid
forties just like grabbed my arm I
thought I was being attacked so
naturally I like freaked out and then I
like looked at her face and she seemed
really upset and then she's like I'm not
feeling well I'm not feeling well and
she collapsed whilst holding on to me so
I had to like all these people came
rushing over and we're like helping me
and then we called an ambulance
that was like quite an eventful scary
thing but the ambulance is there and
she's gonna be okay she came back back
to her normal self I'm actually late for
my meeting with my accountant because
I'm grown-up which is weird so now I'm
going to try to cross the road and find
the place where I'm supposed to be and
there's lots of cars it's my time my
time to make a run for it so yeah that
was quite quite the afternoon so far
back home now I feel like I'm always in
this chair I have like a desk a normal
desk but I love working at the kitchen
table but anyway after the chaos that
was this morning oh that was just crazy
I just hope she's okay I'm back at home
I just took Reggie for a walk and now
I'm just doing some normal stuff and it
is five o'clock in the evening Aslan had
to pop out to the post office and I was
like can you pick me up a chicken
shwarma he said he would so I don't know
we'll see if he comes back with one I
wanted to show you this cute drawing
Aslan did if Reggie hears Reggie's nose
and his team and here's the real Reggie
why are you waiting at the door I think
he knows that Aslan's coming back that's
why he's so good he's been so good and
I'm actually right now watching this
video which was for the thanks a million
party so I'm just watching period to
make sure everything is okay and it's
looking so amazing so I think it'll be
up by the time by the time you see this
vlog but here's a sneak preview if you
haven't seen it yet
turn it up for you
are you just celebrate how amazing I
think all of you are and I really wanted
to do something more intimate yeah so
that's what I'm doing now Reggie wants
some pets I'm going to upload this video
and I will report back later Aslan just
came back and he brought some food
I'm so hungry are you here's a nice demo
day for you and Come Dine With Me is on
TV Oh
oh my god matches my laptop case these
are pickled turnips for anyone who
hasn't tuned into it this was an upper
one radioactively
holy crap
these are like super super sour this is
bliss for me right now
good morning we're going for a walk I'm
all bundled up today because it's cold
and Reggie is really excited to go so
let's put your collar on he always does
this he comes like really close to the
door there you go good boy just got back
from the walk and you're never gonna
believe what happened so you don't even
really know what happened yesterday with
this woman fainting on me and then I had
to call the ambulance you never told me
I didn't tell you today I was just just
now I was walking Reggie and we were
looking both ways to cross the street so
I looked this way and I looked that way
and as I looked the other way
there was a parked car and then the
driver opened up the door and a cyclist
ran into the door and fell off her bike
and there was a huge ban like a big
moving van coming and this is she was
spotted on the bike and he was probably
like this closer he slammed on the
brakes and swerved into oncoming traffic
hit another car and this lady was like
on the ground like going like this like
thinking she was gonna be run over by
the van all cuz this person opened up
the door like this is the thing in
London like you see cyclists getting
hurt all the time that was
like the first close call I've ever seen
like I'm not kidding if he would have
been like looking down or something he
would completely run over her head on
the road yeah Wow God that's why kids if
you cycle make sure that careful
well like the cyclist couldn't have done
anything like the cyclist she didn't
even know there was like someone in that
parked car you know it was crazy to
witnesses um even Reggie was concerned
and then this is totally unrelated but
then this guy's long after this happened
was petting Reggie he's like oh that a
greyhound and we were talking and the
guy had a banana in his hand
and Reggie bit his banana what did you
beat he doesn't even like bananas he's
like what I just like you know and they
didn't eat it you just like took some
off but it fell on the ground I was like
I'm so sorry you must be hungry
time for breakfast so I'm extremely
frazzles right now because I'm 15
minutes late I'm running errands today
I'm just popping by storm to pick
something up and I tried to get parking
but the parking thing ate like four
pounds of my money and then the ticket
didn't come outside doing run around and
try to find another place it's been
crazy it's been crazy so oh and then the
other part was I tripped on a curb and
fell that was that so this has been
quite the morning hopefully I will calm
down in a minute right now I'm headed to
the breakfast club in sure
and we're sitting on this beautiful
bridge admiring the sights of London I'm
with Fran by the way okay and I'm
actually heading to an interview with
broadly as for their website broadly is
I'm putting this chizz in my favourites
because it's my new obsession it's a
YouTube channel which is part of mice
and it's specifically targeted towards
women and talking about women's issues
and I am obsessed I will link to
Bradley's channel down below so when she
asked if she could be anything me for
the website I was like oh so I'm super
duper excited so that's what though I'm
eating macaroni and cheese eggs and
bacon just because apparently I'm really
hungry and I'm here with who wants to
introduce ourselves
I love green I always like an underrated
color the beautiful race I'm married to
myself and I'm just admiring her makeup
in her face it could disorganization Wow
yeah I am weekend editor of you know why
it's like yep but you know throw that
brother
we probably the best cockney TV yes all
these people are illegal on their own it
me yes so go check it out now it's time
to feast oh wow yeah otherwise that
would also assume what is your twitter
my twitter is okay Steve SAH IM comin
okay it's time for Reggie's walk you're
happy so it is now about 6:15 and I'm
actually heading to meet Arden for
dinner and as I'm gonna come along but I
thought I'd point out my lipstick
because I've been wearing it all day
today and it stayed on so well it's the
Bourjois Rouge Edition velvet and the
shade is plum plum girl I like it cuz
it's not like too dark it's kind of
bright zoom in so it looks like that
it's matte but it's not too matte at the
same time and this has been on since I
mean I reapplied it like two or three
times but it's still like the initial
application and then yesterday if you're
wondering I wore this lip liner it's the
Mac lip liner in the shade dervish which
is obviously a lot more natural-looking
than what I'm wearing right now but I
just thought I'd point that out I'm
loving these two so you ready let's go
I'm here with Arden I was just like
looking to see if my lipstick was off
but it's actually still semi intact it
looks really good even after all that
Lebanese all that food so we just
finished eating I feel like this is kind
of dirty
there isn't unfocus there we go oh there
we go nails there we go we just had
dinner had a very nice conversation yes
we did and I have really nothing else to
report
all right leaving you know I don't have
anything to report either I have to go
but uh you know what I'm gonna go brave
the tube yep she knows how to take the
tube she knows the tube lines we're all
set
Aslan is here - hello oh yeah yeah yeah
the first time in come to her was it not
yeah why you come to our paddock on a
sewer yeah we've done another person I
love it it's so good what is this a
common thing really
I made Arden eat the pink pickles they
were delicious
yeah very salty very speedy I always
vegetables but I managed if it was a
little medium they're like satisfying in
a new way in a new way yeah it also is
pink but shows big yeah I got a problem
so this camera is focusing in and out so
I'm just gonna wrap it up for now bow
bye
alright gang so that is this installment
of the new weekly recap that I'm going
to be trying to do more of I hope you
liked it and like the weekly vlogs
is there a hashtag that goes with this
hashtag recap with a hashtag that goes
along with these weekly vlogs is hash
tag recap or hash tag weekly recap
something like that I'll decide and
write on the screen so thanks for coming
along with me I think we're gonna head
home to see Reggie and do some relaxing
but I will probably see you next week
bye I am back at my grandma's and we're
filming our second video together
because we've already done one this is
my grandma Mary and if you've missed our
video what's in my grandma's bag I
encourage you to go watch it because
it's filled with things like this
calculator
