I am back at my grandma's and we're
filming our second video together
because we've already done one this is
my grandma Mary and if you've missed our
video what's in my grandma's bag I
encourage you to go watch it because
it's filled with things like this
calculator she is a woman with a love
for calculators and pens and lots of
other things to go check out that video
but today we're doing a Q&A are you
excited
that's right Diana alright so basically
five minutes ago I tweeted do you know
how to it works no well I have an
account and I said to my followers I
want to do a video with my grandma's do
you have any questions and then all of
these people have a question what is
your favorite bingo dabber color hold
properly
red is I don't know it's best it's
easier this season you know what we
haven't actually played bingo on this
trip
so they only can go mom do you have a
question to ask grandma for the video
yes what is your favorite less than $5
meal reign in Adele's Costco maybe oh
we're really food living dangerously we
run down the Costco yeah like for
example the other day Kimmy took me down
to Costco and give you my Clifford my
husband yeah took us down
he took it we took him down anyway hey
you all went to Costco yeah yeah that's
right yeah that's right they have a
little snack bar there
we hair that a hot dog each and wonder a
single order of fries is three drinks
and a Kosta suppose five dollars and
fifty cents for the yeah I'm filming
true yes
what's the craziest thing you've ever
done it could be legal I know what stuff
you used to smoke grandma yeah Oh
cigarettes you like dried leaves in a we
go exciting I didn't think it was a
burdock push that we used to get the
leaves off and crumple them up and get
newspapers like what you'd buy really
nice yeah
just crumple them up because they were
dried out we had a bridge there there
was more of less of a storage area and
there was a liar going up to a cutout in
the back of it and there was a little
lean-to against that yeses lure and we
cross through there so my mother
wouldn't see us and hep
one day she happened to see us when we
get down she was ready with the Willis
which like design yeah we we were in
trouble
big time oh my god did she see you
smoking oh yeah she saw the smoke
billowing up look like smoking a couple
one time the two of us were in you can
imagine smoking newspaper and dried
leaves what combination that would be is
getting old all it's cracked up to be
no it's not that's all again I might
have a bit of advice for young people
that may be watching this video okay and
do just take your time and do everything
if that you're able to do go and travel
a little bit visit a friend or do
whatever you want to do because when you
get older you never know what's gonna
happen in your life do you or your
husband or family members or anything
sodium it may swell keep good value of
your time and enjoy yourself a little
bit too that's good yes what's your
favorite color
I like that kind of tumor that's not a
very common answer no but I like that if
you could have a superpower what would
it be and why what about like flying or
invisibility or flying yeah that's a
superpower
flying
yeah like the ability to fly oh and it
in an air well you know like Superman
flies oh it wouldn't like that at all
if you hadn't met me when we were both
in our 20s do you think we'd be friends
or do you think we'd be enemies oh no I
think we'd be the best of friends
I really do do you prefer to wear
stripes or polka dots well I don't like
either one of inventor I have to choose
between a do I see stripes
I would pick stripes - I think it's I
bet in today's Q&A with grandma Mary I'm
so happy you all love her as much as I
do and everybody else in our family does
and everything else to say grandma yes
in case anybody's wondering about
whether I've got my reserve purse filled
up again with two knees and loonies the
answer is yes my grandson Eric is quit
doing that on my regret yeah and if you
have no idea what we're talking about go
watch what's in my grandma's bag all
right we're gonna end this video wave
goodbye grandma yeah we'll see you in
the next one bye
