good morning guys I've really dressed up
for you this morning I'm actually public
employment we are getting some rabbits
at our local cafe no one's judging here
which is what I love and I'm here with
mom and we can have a delicious friend
this is a Slims breakfast and every time
I see it I crack up at the length of
that sausage and I know that that's
immature but it just doesn't formations
very funny now I didn't even tell mom
what I was going to order because it's
like my guilty pleasure meal and all
night with chips and mum actually
ordered the exact same thing oh my gosh
mother-daughter another Saturday another
day at the park it's very foggy out
today Reggie's gonna see what mom's up
to
Reggie has had it he's exhausted he
can't even make it back to the car cuz
he just wants to sleep and look at all
the steam coming off of him
tuckered out he is so tired
good boy he ran around so much yeah I
think the steams just coming from his
breath you're so cute
so he just got home and we're all just
having a nice cup of tea and we're just
talking to mom cuz moms single if you
guys know anyone in the GTA no not the
GTA where okay dump kW Kitchener
Waterloo Ontario my mom is looking for a
normal average guy with a thick neck
Geoff average guy with a job a car on no
baggage although it does not look like
two o'clock in the afternoon I can
assure you it is and this light is
actually my laptop screen this is how
dark it is it's so gray anyway I've just
been editing I put up the last vlog and
I edited a new video and now I'm just
chilling in the dark I I don't know I'm
going through a weird thing because I
have a huge lump here in my throat where
is it
right there and not on this side I think
it's a swollen gland I have an
appointment on Monday to go see the
doctor just to like make sure but it's I
think it's a swollen gland but it's
really weird because I'm not sick I'm
not sick and I don't have a throat
infection but I feel very fatigued like
it's it's very strange yeah there's like
a huge sounds like you can see it but
there's a huge lump here so don't worry
guys I'm getting it all checked out I
will keep you posted um but yeah I feel
like it's just like an energy draining
gland in there it's very strange
so I'm just gonna be chilling just doing
computer stuff well I was just sent this
massive box of stuff and I have no idea
who it's from or what it is so let's
open it up oh my gosh this is the crazy
thing ever Mary bliss missus days and
it's a postbox oh my gosh let me try to
get this out this is the craziest thing
like it's an actual alumino like mailbox
the time that we have in Canada and
there is a little say well actually it's
not a little big a huge bag of products
from bliss whoo thanks guys
so mom and I have ventured to the south
bank because we want to go see the choir
sing at st. Paul's which is that big
building there and now we've got across
this big bridge we're now on the bridge
this is called millenium bridge there's
the lovely shard up there
mum is snap chatting which is her
addiction we finally made it to st.
Paul's Cathedral we're gonna go in and
see the singing apparently this is one
of their most popular services and mum
really wanted to see it so I thought we
would would do that tonight left the
church it was a 45-minute service and it
was really nice like if you don't have
to be religious to go it's just a nice
little experience to see there was lots
of people singing and it was really
beautiful and the sound is really
amazing the building is so huge and
there was like this crazy organ that was
close yeah
organ which was playing it was so loud
but now we're going to go to the
Christmas market and try to grab a
little bite to eat because we hungry all
that singing made us work up a hunger
we're in line to get some churros and
mums late one split one because I was
thinking we were good to get one each
she's never had truce before so we're
definitely gonna get some and we are
going to scam because there's more food
to come that way Charles Garcia yes
please
Thanks yeah let's get mom's reaction
just a big one
she's going to dip it in the chocolate
hey gib under the net you love it
delicious mm-hmm
I cannot wait can you double dip oh yeah
I started taking the right and we didn't
make it to Spain
is it like a microphone
we had the Charles
mom's never been to my Kalama so
so both mom and I got the same thing
again surprise surprise it's the chicken
teriyaki donburi my special faith and we
got some edamame beans some Tory Cara
okay
just like fried chicken
and I are super impressed by this tea
a mug but there's no handle on
right at home
he's so tired I don't think I've ever
seen him this tired did so much running
around today cutie
notice his nails haven't trimmed his
nails and so long but they haven't
really gotten any longer I don't know
whether they just get automatically worn
down by the concrete pavement but yeah
I'm at the cream sells for lolly was
last time we trimmed his nails while ago
yeah everyone time ago we just watched
Teen Mom US Edition Teen Mom og and I
have to say it's just like one of those
shows I never already watched it wasn't
really big in the UK you know all right
update yeah why don't you read into it
oh I love there's a team mum UK but now
we're gonna watch The Walking Dead we're
gonna catch up on the last episode that
we haven't seen yet yeah I mean the
episode before this one is a bit slow so
I'm hoping what they normally do is like
do like s lab so that a bit more
fast-paced one so hopefully it's one
thing to be below yeah exciting more
like zombies like because we will be now
in this position they're already leaning
we will leave you because you push up or
we don't want to watch us be in this
position forever so yeah we'll see you
tomorrow
you
