hello beautiful world today is another
day in beautiful sunny hot-ass Los
Angeles and it's just me and Fran now
Amelia's left I mean he's gone home so
we are now walking to Trader Joe's
because we have no food except the
pickle in the fridge like half a bottle
of water so we're very starving and I
don't know how you're wearing those
jeans friends in like a full gene number
right here half sure so yeah and you I
will feel hot wearing jeans wearing
shorts so I'll just embrace I like that
logic I do okay so I think we're gonna
head out now and yeah holy mother taught
do you know I only brought one pair of
sunglasses there but I didn't think
you'd wear sunglasses because you wear
regular glasses yeah look I'm trying to
reach my son do you want to wear these
now you can you wear sunglasses with
regular or do you put them on top or
what no I just wear them you go blind
yeah yeah all right gang let's roll yo
I'm really feeling inspired by these
cacti right here as on this one's for
you look how big this mother is there's
cacti everywhere I just want to keep
saying cacti oh my gosh this is so cool
imagine having this in your front yard
how awesome we've made it to Whole Foods
Oh Lord oh Lord it was a very well to me
it was a long walk because it's so hot
but is your face like melting oh yeah
well we I was just I just such a friend
if this is how hot it is all year long I
could never live here because I am like
the hottest person having a single
English person I've turned British now
yeah it's really funny my mom loves the
Sun like she could bask in the Sun for
days my mouth is dry but we're gonna go
get a snack friend says there's like a
food court in here or something although
I'm not sure if I believe her so I'm in
holes okay this camera is never focusing
there we go I'm in Whole Foods now and I
was just talking about how hot it is
outside but are you used to this or what
you know what it's actually very hot but
it's also kind of cumin yeah so we're
not really used to that but it is I am
wearing like the loosest muumuu dress
and I'd like meat all day breeze today
so far we've got not just the size of
France head yeah thank God and we also
got salsa some fruit some juice I got
this juice it's like I forget what's in
it but it's like oh here so it's
pineapple pear cabbage parsley mint and
ginger I like all the things in the
water yeah that looks good yeah honey so
brandy and I were like oh she would get
peanut butter or almond butter and I was
like I think it's gonna be too much
because we're not here that long and
then we found this America maple syrup
in little sachets like this I got these
kind bars in Starbucks they're like like
a bar but now I found the granola and I
think I'm gonna get this because it was
so frickin tasty cinnamon Oh trust errs
I love cinnamon
Oh Mike hot fry and peanut butter but I
think I'm gonna get this one Holy Mother
of cocoa this is gonna be my little
snack I'm getting this Aslan would
literally faint if he saw this much
seaweed in one place he loves seaweed
you're going with these yeah should I
get him one to bring home I mean you see
we the same everywhere yeah oh snap I
found the pickle aisle so the last time
I was in America with Amelia she
introduced me to these cookies I kid you
not
I'm not stop dreaming about them I have
not stopped and I'm getting this and I'm
eating the whole thing oh my god
chocolate chip macadamia ginger zinger
but I think these are my faith we are
now in the iced tea section holy Oh
oh this is peach this is peach we're
coming home with this friend do you want
some iced tea this is peach iced tea you
guys probably think we're going crazy
but technically we are here for over a
week still so we need food this is like
a big shop
oh my god mint tea Wow and can I just
have a moment for the cleaning supplies
too because they have everything Myers
is one of my all-time favorite cleaners
I actually buy it on Amazon and it
definitely does not cause four or 49 and
I had room in my suitcase I'd get it I
think this is my favorite geranium wow
look at this huge thing of dish so this
is what gets me excited that I'm old I
know
Amelia's gonna be really really really
mad at me but I just spent the last 10
minutes picking up one of the best
sandwiches of all time
those are all my hands so Fred and I are
outside and out eating I don't know what
I should have my giant sandwich my fruit
my smoothie
try and just looked at me and she's like
I love to eat and I was like
my friends got her little granola
situation yeah baby wow this is so fun
is Wow
who knew that looks good to people who
aren't obsessed with food do you think
this seems a bit much I have once met
there's not too many people who don't
they love it yeah your life what do you
even think about like as I thought I'd
show the first bite of this I want to
say this is good at last year
I don't pop with my mouth a little bit
it's a really good
I'm sorry Amelia Fran had the genius
idea of eating some of this guacamole
it's now 2:30 in the afternoon and this
is probably been like the first
afternoon since I got here that I've
been able to just like sit down and
reply to some emails and do some things
and plan some things so right now I'm
editing my July favorites that's pretty
much all I have to report it's a squawk
Kamali's pretty good all that the entire
blog is only food food I don't even care
so I found the only mirror that I could
find I thought I'd show you my outfit I
know this is kind of crazy I'm showing a
little bit of my tummy but apparently
it's the la vibe so anyway I'm wearing
my feel like this mirror is really tiny
my sandals from a sauce these are my top
shop Jamie jeans this shirt is also from
Topshop it's the Topshop unique kind of
top I'll show you the pattern of it yeah
Kim yeah it's like this cute little
floral pattern and my makeup is really
simple because I was sweating all day
long and I'm just kind of out of breath
because I just choked on a watermelon a
piece of watermelon and like went down
the wrong pipe you know as they say but
I really simple makeup just like mascara
a bit of eye shadow lipstick my hair was
just do next thing so I thought I'd show
you my outfit of the evening it's about
4 o'clock friends just left because
she's gonna go to an art supply store
I'm still choking on that watermelon but
she's gonna go to an art supply store
called Blake's
I think something like that and she's
gonna go to a record store as well to
pick up some records for her husband I
have a meeting now so well actually I
don't even know what time it is right
now it is 4:20 so I should probably book
an uber and then I'm gonna head off to
the meeting good times I love this lip
gloss by the way I don't know if I've
shown in a recent video but it's this
Dior one I love the packaging of these
and this is in the shade okay
can't really see three seven three but
yeah
it's the fluid lipsticks I think it
looks really nice so yeah um nothing
else to report early this place is a
total disaster we've got like our food
everywhere but yeah okay gonna call and
we'll get an order oh I'm not making it
it was I'm gonna order an uber and I'm
gonna go up to the meeting all right as
you can see I'm in bed mode his friend
says a little bit later and I've already
gotten home taking a shower and friends
looking at me I don't know why I don't
even want to know what she wants anyway
I'm gonna head to bed I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and I might be able to
vlog maybe one one more day while I'm
here we'll see we'll see what happens
we'll see what happens maybe not no
promises are being made in this right
now so I'm gonna wrap it up and I'll see
you the next one bye
