good morning everyone I'm at a hotel in
Anaheim California yesterday was the
last day of VidCon and I had a friggin
amazing time I didn't vlog but i
snapchatted the entire event so if
you're not following me on snapchat
you're missing out
SC underscore button hint hint follow me
it was so fun honestly I had such a good
time last night we went to a big party
and I called a zit and I was like it was
like a college party that you see an
American movie there was like a DJ
playing people were breakdancing oh my
god it was so cool and fun and I met
lots of really nice people and then I
went to another party which was the
featured creator's party and there were
like these two guys on stilts dancing
and I saw Hank green krumping to Soulja
Boy and a lot of things happened I also
did a panel at VidCon which was about
starting a lifestyle channel and I just
want to say thank you to everyone who
came because it meant a lot to me and I
loved meeting you all and make sure you
tweet me the pictures if I took a
picture with you because I want to see
those pictures so today we're actually
just chilling a little bit now so it is
11 o'clock in the morning and we kind of
slipped in I don't know it's really
weird we stayed up really late and
actually I was chatting with some people
last night in the hallway of the hotel
and we actually got kicked out of the
hallway this is like guys I'm turning
over a new leaf okay it's crazy but yeah
so I stayed up quite late and then we
slept in till 9:30 and now we are
heading to LA I'm actually gonna be in
LA for about a little bit over a week
now so I've got a few things I want to
get done in LA exciting stuff so yeah
I'm just gonna finish packing up my bags
I feel like I look really weird right
now this lighting is strange but yeah
I'm just gonna get everything packed up
and we'll be hitting the road to Anaheim
Amelia do you want to say hi yep
that's what we're doing info boxes
watching the weird TV the weird TV and
we'll be heading out ASAP so I'm just
getting everything packed up and ready
to go I don't know why I have so much
stuff
but I brought so much of this Instax
film and I didn't even use any once
we're at VidCon but yeah that's okay so
I'm gonna wrap this up zip this up and
then I think we're gonna be heading out
but I'm not leaving without my big bag
of pig Holmes pecans pecans pecans
whatever you want to call them they're
amazing I might have some right now
so we got into a cab and we are heading
well I think we're near we're on Sunset
Boulevard I could be completely yeah we
all need Sunset Boulevard yay and it's
so cool I haven't really spent that much
time in LA before I know I came last
year but we didn't really have that much
time here so it's really cool to drive
down the streets and see everything I'd
love to bring aslan here one day will
not bring him but I'd love to go with
him one day and may I just soaking it in
everybody seems so cool here everybody
has tattoos and has cool hair
first impressions Ellie well someone's
fancies that someone is me apparently
right now Brett this very cool hotel
it's a kind of a long story but
basically we can't check into our Airbnb
until 3:30 and our agents that storm are
staying at this hotel so we're dropping
off our bags here and we felt we'd get
lunch at the same time because we're
both starving so we've got about two
hours to kill protein fat which we can
just have a nice leisurely lunch before
heading over and I just ordered a
grilled chicken sandwich cannot wait and
the surroundings are so beautiful like
on the drive here I just I already find
it like so inspiring all the signs and
the signage and the fonts and everything
is just it's so cool it's everything
you'd ever thought la would be and more
I don't know I feel like yeah who's
having a little moment with LA but we
were waiting for a food to arrive I'll
show you when it arrived amelia is
looking ultra cool right now yeah I love
those sunglasses on you can we look at
your jewelry please yes can we just talk
about this so if you guys didn't know
Amelia has an amazing jewelry range with
majority which ones are they again this
is one of them and it's so pretty it's
like this kind of like loose but tight
chain and a little start so cute mine
hasn't arrived yet so that's why I'm
jewelry list and also in a million
snails it's a new SC color called what's
the culture
oh wow yeah let's see it I like wasn't
sure this color would look good but I
loved it so pretty
yay what did you get to eat actually we
forget I'll show you when it arrives yes
okay I'm sorry but I'm having a little
moment because look at these little
things like you get your own
individually packaged thing like look at
this mini Tabasco I'm tempted to bring
that home for us when although why would
he need it we have a regular-sized
bottle of it but I just think that's so
cool then we have what else
this is mustard I think yeah Dijon and
ketchup
I just want to steal these I don't even
know why it is like they need to hoard
these why would you ever want to take
that around with you white what is wrong
with us
we're delirious the thought of carrying
this around in your handbag why why
would you ever leave that that's cool
yeah really cool yeah the fries are so
good so my sandwich just came it's
chicken and avacado huge amount of fries
and Atlan can tell I miss iyslah baby
Amelia got this gigantic salad which
looks so good I'm kind of jealous I kind
of wish I got that but this is gonna be
good - let's be real just got done with
lunch and it was so good I feel so full
and satisfied now we're walking down do
they call this the Sunset Strip is this
Sunset Boulevard we're walking out of
Sunset Strip okay I'm making things up
but we're walking towards a Rite Aid
because I need to pick up a few things I
forgot my shampoo and conditioner
luckily I had some in the hotel but I
don't think the Airbnb is gonna have any
and I'm gonna just check out the scene
you know check out Rite Aid get up on
the water get some stuff
and it's hot out here oh I'm really
enjoying myself today amelia was like
grace Helbig and then I was like where
and it's right up there there's like a
huge grace thing god that blows my mind
I love grace I love everyone so we just
got into Rite Aid and it is a freaking
huge it's like a grocery store and place
we're vlogging like crazy over here I
need to get some beverages so I brought
my curling wand here but it doesn't work
because I think the voltage is like
slightly different so I'm gonna buy one
now amelia always uses this Conair one
that we bought together actually so I'm
just trying to get like the cheapest one
that I can just use when I come to
America I wonder what the best one is
mmm maybe something like this hmm
Azlan literally lives for these things
he's like to the flossing things Wow
he would die for this pack I don't know
maybe I should get it for him but I
think he likes this one particular kind
I'm not sure which one it is
oopsies I'm dropping everything oh my
gosh Listerine floss they have
everything in America look at this
Listerine floss
Oh oMG Chobani I'm gonna get this to put
in the hotel I don't even really like
yogurt but every now and then I'm gonna
give it a shot
what else do we have food wise Wow this
is freaking amazing look at all these
chea drinks mama Chia my mom loves jeah
seeds she would probably really like
those drinks mmm mmm
ginger ade I love ginger maybe I'd like
this decisions it's just endless options
right here this giant bag just here's my
hand for size is for the ultimate life
savers addict I mean this is crazy look
at all these snags is your mind blown
Wow look at this I'm just in line what I
thought I'd show you what I'm getting
the first thing a dill pickle in a bag
did you see this it's a pickle in a bag
I have to try it I can't leave this
country or that trying a pickling it's
an old dick in a bag that's what it is
okay and I got these tongue scrapers
this bath stuff watermelon razors and a
shampoo and conditioner so we finally
made it to the Airbnb I actually got
here about 45 minutes ago but oh this is
all this drama because I couldn't find
the key to get in here but anyway
guess who's here I bet you sorry for my
face I just win it how do you say when
you just go to a play I just landed I
just landed friends just landed me and
my wears like jeans on the plane yep and
she had like these high boots on and
everything but I don't know how she did
that but this place is so cool laid-back
we have this like little area here to
chill out and Fred and iron of course
you like talking about everything
wait what film this okay look at how se
is posing right now look at this finish
look at this fucking shit look at this
okay there you go my model all the time
apparently but I was just telling Fran
all about VidCon and how I'm feeling so
inspired and the whole thing and yeah
we're gonna have a really fun time here
I'm so glad I guess people didn't know
that you were coming to LA or have you
said it yeah you see I saw your
Instagram where you drew yeah thing
give Amelia she's upstairs I think she's
getting ready because she's going to go
film a collab with somebody I don't want
to spill the beans so I'm not gonna say
it but yeah it's really hot in here
there's no air conditioning and there's
also no breeze so we're sweat I've some
water in the fridge cooling down Fran so
I think we could do that and then I'm
gonna get ready and then tonight we're
going out for dinner with a bunch of
people so stay tuned
it's party time so we're at the
restaurant it's called Emily I thought
everyone was calling it Everly but with
their British accents it's like Evan Lee
but anyway I promise I'm very proud yeah
this camera's make me beg ready whatever
anyways we're having a nice dinner Samir
yeah we're just chilling and I think
we're gonna overlook weakness anyway
Jamie's got a new YouTube channel out
you want to give it a plug okay let's go
Jamie's happy out I mean if you want to
be happy go and watch it
so I basically like make games that
people do challenges and just just chat
yeah no come on just talk let me tell
you I'm Simon he can talk filter check
it out and now it's time to order food
and so we've just changed the white
balance but he's still red so I'm whiter
but you're redder
I mean to me pickled beets are always a
favorite I love pickled beets but I'm
very serious about this I love pickled
fruit so that should be good
and these fries came whole amazing salad
okay time to dig in oh my god I can't
get over this I've never had a cookie
ice cream sandwich before actually I
don't want to share I love it okay so we
just got home from dinner basically I
don't remember what time is the most
showy I was supposed to tell but
basically we saw a cockroach there's
like an old guy he was like hide his
hand in a bag and he was like picking up
his dog's poop but he was like down on
the ground like lying there like
massaging the poop and head I mean I
were like walking up this def this is
his apartment
and there was a cockroach and we were
joking about how I hate physical complex
then we both got really scared and I
grabbed your little - I know I guess and
like anyway guys I think it's time to
wrap it up fred has been up for like 800
years she's more like someone from all
the rings or something right now
so we're gonna wrap it up I hope you
enjoyed this vlog I'm having a great
time in LA as you can see give this
video a thumbs up and follow me on
snapchat as well because I'm doing lots
of snapping I feel like I said that in
the beginning I'm not trying to plug
that that much but snapchat is so fun I
absolutely adore it okay I'll see you in
the next one oh it looks like I have a
tan but it's really just the lighting
okay love you what
