you said red-cheeked I was just gonna
start the flower man Reggie came home
how's it going Reggie was snuggling so
much last night like we had a major
walking dead marathon and by we I mean
Aslan Fran and I we watched and Reggie
we watched five episodes of The Walking
Dead which was intense we started that
like five o'clock and yeah the party
didn't stop until midnight we did take a
break in between for dinner but yeah it
was pretty intense
anyway I decided to vlog today because
it has been a while and wanted to let
you guys know what I was up to today I'm
going to the gym and this is actually
the last gym session that I'll be
attending before the big trip to LA I'm
really excited cuz I'm going to VidCon
so they're just drinking his water so
yeah I'm going to well actually my bras
I'm done I bent over my bra cam and done
I need that ones help to do it back up
so I'm gonna do that right now just got
back from the gym and somebody's doing
something what the heck are you doing
those looks so cute mini croissants is
that what they are what gave you this
idea
he's like croissants yeah I mean yeah
but they it's not my birthday
Oh oh my god this is so cute did you
find a recipe or you've just decided to
make it oh can I have some of this
leftover puff pastry oh it's cool
we'll see if what sounds yeah let's see
if it works they're so cute
holy mackerel now as I'm melting
chocolate well I'm trying to make some
vegan chocolate friend
it's Hershey's chocolate vegan chocolate
hundred Oh cocoa cocoa powder yeah you
don't stop can't stop won't stop
oh man one thing they're done very
smoked you know they're all like school
they look terrifying but cute at the
same time I love them but it tastes good
so long as we're wrapping the needle
drop t-shirt
mm-hmm and that vegan chocolate looks
pretty good so I'm just doing a little
thing for my favorites right now that
involves some acting so here we go
right okay show this product okay yeah
baby smile makes you look to the camera
oh yeah but the bag is empty oh yeah oh
yeah pretend pretend mmm so good
yeah hey guys do I have anything in my
teeth because I keep getting all these
weird looks and everybody's looking at
me weird but I can't really see anything
so I just finished filming a little
while ago
maybe like an hour ago we just had to
film all the close-ups and everything as
you saw I just had a nice little snack
although I haven't lunch yet I'm kind of
hungry for lunch but um yeah I'm just
trying to get a few things together
because as I mentioned earlier I'm
leaving for LA first thing on Friday
morning so there's always like this
frantic State before you go somewhere
that you have to like tie up all loose
ends you know and tonight we're going
out for dinner with Aslan's mom and his
sister because it is her well it was her
birthday and we really wanted to go see
a movie tonight but now I don't know if
we're gonna do it because the one we
wanted to see is not playing it's the
new Pixar movie what's it called again
inside out so I was gonna ask for your
recommendations but by the time you see
this it'll already be a few days later
and I won't be able to see it anyway so
I don't know I might tweet about it
because I really want to see something
but yeah I'm just trying to pick the
restaurant where should we go what
should we eat what should we do and I
think I'm gonna just try to tidy up my
kitchen etc
yeah I'm feeling the mid-afternoon slump
I think I needed a cup of tea and some
food by the way I just uploaded this
video which was boyfriend does my makeup
which was really really really fun and
funny to film so make sure you go check
it out I'll link it down below you will
not regret it just look at those
eyebrows and look at that eyeliner hello
again it's me
so it's been a few hours and I
completely forgot to bring my vlog
camera with me because I went and got my
nails done I really wanted to get like
shellac this is actually called bio
sculpture because if I'm gonna be gone
for not quite two weeks but around that
time I just wanted to make sure I had
something that would last the entire
time and I went for this beautiful pink
color which I love I said it was
probably my favorite nail polish color
I've ever had on my nails it's so pretty
I think it was called one five five I'm
almost positive was one by five but it
was a bio sculpture so anyway I got it
on my fingers and on my toes and now I'm
just I don't know I did a little tweet
today and everybody's favorite it was
just so now I just made me feel so nice
but anyway we're off now I've got to
change because I'm back in my pajamas so
I've got to put my jeans back on and
then we're gonna go out for dinner
apparently to an Italian place which
makes me very excited before we head out
I thought I'd show you my outfit of the
day I've got on my leather jacket just a
really loose Stein goya dress which I
got in the sale and I love it the
pattern is so pretty and some ankle
boots like this and my bag is the
finished look
I need something comfortable cozy room
to expand as I eat pasta am I right or
am i right okay and also here is as my
sister's present which is on the floor
we love you more than to put your gifts
on the floor but yeah they're wrapped so
pretty I love them I love the paper the
paper by the way is from not and bow so
yeah in case you're wondering so we've
just arrived to the area is this sub
Kensington it is indeed yes I was like
where are we uh
and the restaurant is nearby so we're
just walking there nothing else to
report
really the parking was free after 6:30
but we got here at 6:20 so we had to pay
for 10 minutes damn
but it's ok so we're just walking very
nice today or today
balmy very balmy weather I don't feel
too hot or too cold of it so we came out
the lights are flickering but to the
place I came to I love the logo
it's called even you do if
I cannot wait to look at the menu and
there's also ice cream and just like the
whole general surroundings are really
really nice nice cacti and everything
looking very well for did I find that I
got the pretty soup SLE got the close-up
on the octopus salad as once mom got
this delicious for the invalid in this
really cool lemon drink and as I got
this salad looks yummy and I'm gonna
steal some of those Tomatoes you look so
right let's eat ooh-la-la I got an
almond latte almond milk latte that is
it when I got this very long spoon very
long food here's my hands for reference
and as I got a very teeny tiny espresso
that's like one fits the best most I've
ever had in my entire life and then we
each got something very cool this is
called Grenada
it's alright good I need that granita
and it is like water based ice cream and
it's a coffee flavor
can I try it I'll try it after you oh
there's a little bit alcohol am I gonna
try Adeline
I've got a little alcohol in there
little bit of alcohol and I got this one
we just fixed a shield which is ice
cream and on the bottom almond granita
and SL got this water bill and one which
looks slopey can I try some of your
water I'm just stealing everybody's
Wow oh my gosh okay goodbye
if it as letter is Madeline sister
sister we are now walking back to the
car because your birthday presents in my
trunk this is the trunk so we're gonna
go pick it up it's not a puppy yeah it
was like the cutest dog in the
restaurant it was amazing so very cute
so we just left first after dinner and
honestly that was some of the best food
I've had a long time wait a second fly
Avenger rule here well anyway it was
like well definitely the most fresh
tomatoes I've ever had the two monsters
that what a pretty great very nice I
would definitely go back he'll probably
see us back there but anyway yeah it was
really nice to see Aslan's mom and
sister and I got aslan sister a wild fox
jumper and she loved it yeah honestly I
was like if will this fit on what yours
is gonna fit it was like this super
oversized it's gonna be too big but I
don't know whatever we all had a little
chuckle just like that and I clearly as
you can tell I'm buzzing off that coffee
I went crazy in the restaurant I was
like just talking a mile a minute that's
why I don't drink coffee
I don't know if it really comes across
in the vlogs but like my personality is
quite mellow like I'm really down here a
lot of the time with I drink coffee it's
like think I don't know so we'll see you
later when I start crashing coffee
really does affect the snail like it
affects me as well like a great deal but
I think I bottle it up and underneath
the semi is just like going crazy from
coffee but seriously that was the best
of all time ever have
smoothest it was very soon amazing
anyway we're gonna drive home now see
what Reggie's up to what are we listen
to some good old Tokyo Police Club whoa
party on Wayne my eyes look really blue
and I think it's because of that
Charlotte Tilbury CI China that I'm
using is the cream eyeshadow from the
Charlotte Tilbury Norman Parkinson
collection and I think it really brings
out the color of my eyes I think I'm
gonna bring this I shot up to LA cuz it
looks nice
I could just talk all night apparently
so I'll see when we get home all right
just got home and wash my face I'm
feeling good I have my big thing of
water and I think it's time for another
Walking Dead marathon this evening so
I'm gonna wrap up the vlog here I hope
you enjoyed this video I love to
blogging today hope you liked it and the
next time you see me I will be in LA so
I will see you soon bye trip Larry
always make my day scarf thing you've
got going on
