good morning everyone I just walked
Reggie and he was like wanted to go
everywhere today he wouldn't stop for
nothing he was getting Turk this morning
oh wow
well my toes just finished and it's
black like my heart shall take that I'll
take that yeah yeah you legging like
that carry on like a different one
anyway today is an important day because
Fran who is staying with us for a little
while is getting her hair done this is
phase one of the Fran makeover and she
is very excited to get her hair done
this is day one of the transformation
transformation yeah because friends hair
is so long it just let it cut and ages
so anyway I'm taking her to see Larry as
per her request and I'm so excited to
see what he's gonna do
Larry is the man with a plan so anyway
I'm going to have a quick bite to eat
little piece of toast quickly get in the
shower and then we're gonna head to the
tube so friend is fallen for Reggie yeah
they're in love anyway friend are you
excite yeah yeah any last words were
your Harrogate you know there's too much
yeah anything then any of your love life
yeah without you yeah that was beautiful
Thanks so I just tried to quickly do my
makeup and now that I've looked in the
camera my blush looks so EFT so I gotta
go fix that but anyway very minimal
make-up today just tinted moisturizer a
little bit of a brow gel mascara and my
lipstick which is this one
see bite Beauty lipstick in the shade
dark so I'm gonna go hide a blend that
blush to make myself look presentable
today I'm wearing my leather jacket
and like a blue dress which is from All
Saints and I don't know what shoes I
really want to wear trainers but we'll
see how that looks so we finally made it
after what was a complete nightmare
getting here we went to the tube station
and then we sat on the train for like 15
minutes before they were like actually
the trains cancelled so that sucked and
then we were like okay let's get a cab
couldn't get a cab for 20 minutes long
story short we were 45 minutes late for
the appointment and now she can't color
friend's hair until later on this
afternoon but we just sat down and
chatted with Larry and he says he
actually loves friends hair as it is but
we're gonna do a few tweaks to it and
yeah so now basically we have an hour to
spare so we're gonna go get a coffee and
then go back at the haircut and then
potentially get a colored later this
afternoon so we've got our tea and
coffee and we found this like random
Starbucks alcove and frame it's just
here technical viewers what if you find
a warm place like you see and it's
already warm yeah you change oh you
still you see for me I just accept it
and roll with it but it's not not nice
not anyway everyone's telling me to calm
down calm down calm down but I just feel
so bad that we relate and the person who
is gonna color friend's hair was just
sitting there waiting so I just feel
really bad about that I hate being late
but anyway what can you do like Fran
says there's nothing we can do but yet I
just want to she's probably not watching
this but I'm apologizing now through the
blog and we were gonna sit here have a
little coffee have a chat and then go
back to see Larry
how do you feel anyway friends
downstairs getting her hair colored
close my eyes and imagine but Larry can
even see slides advice about me and
humans and I'm gonna creep on Fran no
she already sees me
oh hey sexy lady you look so freaking
hot right now if you redonkulous Wow
what's happening Thanks
what's happening with you yes yeah
seriously it looks like pee and then is
she leaving this no she's doing
something else cool ok Larry's putting
the finishing touches on this sexual
haircut wow you look so good I am like
another different person do you feel
like amazing yeah you look great oh I'm
so happy the color is so pretty
and Larry is just doing some crazy Larry
type stuff up here are you happy with
Larry yeah Wow you had a vision and you
pulled through love it we've got to go
celebrate tonight baby on the prowl no
I'm just kidding she's been like married
for like a hundred years so we've just
left the salon and we had to rush over
to fennec because we had an eyebrow
point Minh and Fran got her eyebrows
threaded for the first time they look
freaking amazing and she was in the
chair beside me and I just kept hearing
oh oh my god it's such a lyrics
did it really hurt that much for him no
I think it was motivated here because
you don't know so are you bearable are
you feeling fresh to death right now I
feel like a totally different woman in a
good way I'm so happy yeah so we're
gonna try to find a bite to eat yes good
yeah so we went into it zoo
we're both caught some water I love
their water bottles so cool I got this
these dumplings which I'm actually
thinking I'm gonna take home for dinner
but what I'm gonna eat right now is this
it's like a chicken
superfood salad and then friend got this
beautiful amazing rice and ooh I love
these beans I know I just can't stop
looking at you you and I go maybe so I
just got home and and Reggie got locked
out so it was a good job I got home yeah
we timed the lockdown situation
perfectly just enough to make us pissed
and annoyed but not enough you guys
bored yeah so I see went grocery
shopping today uh yeah just picked some
stuff up on my home this one cool all
right so I need a beverage and I know it
probably to you guys doesn't seem like
we're in the salon very long but it's
now 5:20 and we left the house this
morning at 9:30 that's how long we were
in that salon it's a long long day
sitting in that salon but I'm so glad
Fran it's Owen Frank our eyebrows done -
oh yeah she freaking loves it she was
like why have I never done this before I
love when people just feels good about
themselves
yeah Larry trim my hair - and I got my
eyebrows done Wow your eyebrows looking
as they say on Fleck
that's like not even a funny joke that's
just on Fleck okay so I need a beverage
and yeah I've got my makeup is just
neither here nor there just made myself
a nice cup of tea and I'm charging my
phone cuz it's almost dead and it's time
to edit finally my empties video I have
been trying to edit this
days four days Reggie by days oh no it's
blurry there we go you're beautiful go
so things have been a little bit hectic
for me past few days but yeah why is it
been hectic I don't feel like I've just
been like on the go go go go go and this
weekend my brother and a couple of his
friends are coming all the way from
Canada to London so they're gonna do a
little trip here which is gonna be
really fun and I'm just really excited
to see them so we're just trying to get
everything ready I need to get some food
because my brother eats like a beast so
need to just like tidy up a bit and get
some food and like I said I'm editing my
empties and hopefully I can get this up
tonight um yeah it's really all I have
to report now let's wait until Fran gets
home and see if she's still loving her
hair while I've been editing as it's
been busy making these eggplant things
yeah as a technical term oh look you
even like scored these nothing in here
to get a little bit of more Wow in there
that looks professional Thanks oh that
smells amazing vegan friendly for a
vegan gist yeah Wow mmm
dinner is done and Aslan has potentially
outdone himself because he made a
homemade broccoli soup and then here are
the Finnish eggplant
things and then that's some sort of
dipping sauce which is gonna be so good
do you like broccoli soup Fran yes
I love it - cool Reggie loves it too but
he's never all right so it's about nine
o'clock we're having a very late dinner
tonight so I think I'm gonna wrap it up
I hope you guys enjoyed seeing this blog
give it a thumbs up if you did and links
are in the description to some other
videos you can watch so I will be I'm
not making sense I'm hungry okay I'll
see you in the next one bye hello
everyone June favorites time and I have
a lot of things that I'm excited to talk
about I think this is gonna be a good
favourites so stay tuned and I have the
first thing on my lap right here this is
darling magazine and this is issue
number 11 I think they have a new one
out but I don't actually have it yet
