yet another city break morning and yet
another late start sneezing when you
start recording to finalize this was
just like this no oh look how pretty
late and today guy already shine I don't
know why you know whether start our day
oh my god Oh seriously though it's like
1:00 in the afternoon we're just like
slept late tempeh right good so your
body gets needs about four o clock last
night because the walls are paper-thin
and cut in half yeah and the bedroom is
right on the main staircase and know so
many drunken people coming in at all
times of the night
not the greatest yeah so but anyway hey
Buster is like it was like a night town
so yeah it doesn't matter where we're
stuck because we'd be parting the other
thing is I forgot a hair brush or any
sort of comb and I was so desmos morning
I was like should I use a fork and yeah
it's like no so anyway I have to just
let my hair do its thing naturally so
yeah back there okay we're now heading
over to TIA
okay that is actually we're heading over
for brunch I think some more lines to
brunch right at this point but we're
going to this place what supporting it
brunch and brunch and cakes yes
recommended by you guys and also
recommended by my friend Chelsea yes by
Chelsea as well it means we have to take
a little tube journey underground metro
thing whatever you want to call it two
stops and then should be there not too
far I think everything is pretty much
like if you really want it we can walk
that about for like 20 but we got the
MetroCard - might leave it right so
we've just arrived here's the place it's
called brunch and cake and it's along
this road and there's a place here
called Moo that everybody says it's a
really good sushi place oh yeah let's
roll let's go in are you starving like I
am yeah yeah it's like 2 o'clock and we
haven't had a single bite to eat
yesterday Matt who's of dinner I can
understand yeah true that too many other
so we just sat down and we waited like
maybe 10 minutes to get it the outside
it's so hot and beautiful and trying
just soak in all the funny is no time
and we've seen so many dogs we actually
saw a greyhound spot which was so but it
was a lot skinnier than Reggie it was a
Spanish Ram so I guess they're different
really no but here's Aslan soaking up
the Sun as well yeah you excited like it
was somewhere
we could do this every day we'd be here
every day no honestly I think it would
be okay with a nice sunny breakfast your
day is set yeah you can't be in a bad
mood
so here is a casa batllo look at that
beautiful
honey hotline architecture
look at those cars mmm mmm them
curvalicious so we're now here inside
the building through these cool tiles
and stuff and yeah the whole place is
gallery doubt and she will go for an
audio guy what are you thinking you're
probably better than me
well not actually I haven't read up on
this and also should get one
I think they're free so maybe that crazy
oh yeah
got the audio guides headphones shoot
can't hear anything
okay but we've got a list it's like a
little phone here you get with it it's
pretty sweet
Oh vol yes oh my god these phones have
like augmented reality on the hood
this little magical thing appears even
though there's nothing there and over
here we've got
second ago yes they go look at that
turtle oh my god even the roof lights
are kind of designed in that style and
look down here so as a lift as a lift
right Penn State and loving the virtual
reality on you like this big mushroom
I honestly won't walk in this on
it's quite busy as well there's a lot of
peeps around kosher here's the lift to
be coming in a second
Wow so gaudi you can go in there I think
so yeah
cut down that main could have
passageway space here give us the light
dance dance
oh I think we've got a little model of
the house until they can oh yeah that
it's quite a few stories we were wearing
in is a lot more to go it stays like
what anyway to have anything to say
about these chairs I thought you your
excitement levels would be high look at
the craftsmanship what is the model
these are my steam
even the music in the gift shop is kind
of garyvee and you know
do you think they were like yeah that's
this pic music that's probably like
spent a long time picking it I just need
to look these wooden
can you just send these as a regular
processor
what move movies is from know I know
it's gonna be back in
I'll give you hair scrubs yeah scrubs
who's an actor in scrubs Oh Gardens say
yeah it was cool hallway it was like the
Flint design lighting where is he
where's the dragon
I think he may be over this and we're
play the kind of place you i'm dragon
would hang out like it looks like a
causal doesn't it show you so didn't see
the dragon i think that raela is one I
think the dragon is actually in the park
you know
in that pocket I just advertising it to
get people to go to the bar
I think group feed it out people beat it
out I don't know where we're going we
just like Jane I'm a teen
okay I think that's pretty much bring us
to the end of the cancer back door but I
have to say like you know this it is
like a very special feeling space
adjusting deeds on there is loss 21st
day what is a cardio protected zone like
no hearts are allowed in here this is
this is a room for only heartless people
so now we're moving on to house number
two casa milà
five minute walk that way there we are
casa mia and there's a tour going on
here and the guy is Rudy selling the
building like really selling it now this
is way better than the other one
so I really do what I go series we're
coming up to the entrance and I believe
this is actually much more of a fully
functional building than the
yeah the other house we just went to I
think this people actually still live in
there's a cafe yeah so well there are
meant to be like an old style apartment
just for tourists to go and visit but
look at this beautiful glass and iron
doors
I'm bad we're inside just like that
amazing courtyard ring
they redid like making the Attic could
read atmospheric - I seek the roof
terrace yeah okay up the spiral
staircase
now check this out so I got a sculpture
park over here different sculptures and
down there is where we started
very beautiful sculptures up there I
wonder what they meant to represent
probably whatever you want me to
represent I suppose they kind of look
like I don't know like sand sculptures
you know like if you leave sand the wind
would kind of naturally make it that way
or something I don't know why but I love
sculptures not sculptures models Wow
yeah why are they beautiful men to cut
out that's really cool it is really cool
it actually goes on in
in the apartment now now getting into
the kids room or the twice
creepy old kids clothes and lots of
tourists yeah
necessarily the kids love back my pain
have loads of tourists in all times so
we just take a little break at the cafe
drink you know just relax right outside
actually casa milà somebody wanted to
go to one which one the first one is a
lot more magical it definitely has a
feel of like you're in a fairytale this
one
Casa Mila is a bit more kind of pared
back it's an actual functioning building
and oh cool and upstairs of the
exhibition space the roof space amazing
but in the Attic they have a lot of
history behind down gaudi and a lot of
it like technical kind of details and
models by this architecture that the
models of this building that the models
are the other house and models of the
cathedral and stuff so and you want more
of a kind of technical thing i think of
this way
really shocked by your shadow my god
quick little update we just went back to
the apartment because my shoulders were
so sunburned we were like sitting down
and I was like your shoulders are really
red now so kind of hurt and then when I
see if I can show you I don't know if
you can actually see how red they are
but my shoulders are really burnt so I
just change into a t-shirt which is more
comfortable anyway and now read it back
to the Metro because we're going to go
to this part which I can't remember the
real name but the guidebook called it
the green lung of the city so think
we're just going to go take a wander
around them and after that we're going
to go for dinner and I'm really looking
forward to that so we'll see you at the
bar we are here the Arc de Triomphe
there you have it folks
what an arc what an arc the beautiful
Loch
it's a beautiful arc
look at this Ark but I guess we're just
passing this on the way to the park
anyway but this is really a tourist
hotspot this guy's loving it like a band
rehearsal thing and then I guess to work
it's like sit here and hello this dog is
like get off that bike oh no do you just
want attention maybe yeah more palm
trees oh cool like laid-back atmosphere
there's some pretty intense musical
talent going on this is so cool he's
used like everyday objects to create
this music let's go right to the front
we're approaching the park called the
parc de la ciutadella that is the best I
can do right now and it looks quite
green and nice everybody's chilled out
everybody's drinking dranking and nice
little fountains oh by the way there's
this fountain what's the word on the
magical fountain like a magical fountain
performance apparently it's in the
evening so we really wanted to go but we
realized that we have didn't come on the
right days like it's tough wasn't
playing when we were in Barcelona us
that kind of looks but look what we
found guys a lake there are boats gonna
go to boat right lady we could do you I
do like boats
you like boats do you want to go that
was good we're back in a boat Friday
night Joe Genest this is actually really
nice quite small like the little lake
but nice it off nothing guys yeah yeah
he's just like there's like a waterfall
over there you just said don't go there
all these little ducklings over there -
OH
row row tell me much
there's a duck right behind you but I
think it will move so I guess the speed
oh man look at those muscles don't call
me a rower I thought of nothing who
calls me that that's the hard reams
we're approaching the duck goose seagull
Island this is their sanctuary it's
pretty cool I might take an Instagram
about Oh boat trip is done now moving on
to this rather beautiful looking
fountain listen is it like a really huge
golden statue that's up look of a cherry
or something like the dreams in it makes
it quite yeah yeah it's like look you
got some pelant's in there and stuff get
up late guys
yeah this remind you kind of like maybe
a beautiful fountain like that side it's
kind of overgrown a little bit then
naturale like say um I got a guy saying
you woke up like 200 years later yep no
no no say you were alive when this was
built yeah and then you woke up a high
like 200 years later yeah and then you
found it yeah if you're exploring some
sort of like jungle and you stumble
across this kid oh yeah
look at this doesn't look so old and so
gothic II it's actually really cool here
isn't it yeah different part of the city
we just walking through this read big
square it's nice yeah
I'm going to go through this atmospheric
cobblestone streets
do you like walking down these streets
yeah well that deal yeah it's like such
a completely different atmosphere and it
goes crazy for similes okay like my feet
are killing me right now right yeah when
I walk around these streets they don't
this is so much to absorb I don't know
any like every turn so cool here we are
in a bar novel and there it is very much
a very beautiful cool place with some
nice seating another recommendation from
all of you as well as my friend Chelsea
yeah and someone said that when they
were in Barcelona they came back to this
restaurant like every day like three
days in a row must be good I mean it
lets me does look really good the tapas
menu is great okay the food is shared
beginning with a Spanish omelette and
some nachos in guacamole
so I actually forgot to vlog the middle
part of this meal sorry we're too
engrossed in the food but as they got
some more delicious tapas we'll leave it
at that yeah I think so yeah and then
the last bit I got some fried mushrooms
and fied spicy green peppers and I stay
got this as dessert a little lovely
happy alright guys we were just saying
that this is not the most pleasant light
and the way I'm saying like oh yeah
you're like down there burger okay it's
time to wrap it up for the evening
yeah there are fireworks going off oh
yeah
Barcelona you sure love your bangers as
I think they call it in the UK yes bill
if I was you and they're so loud oh yeah
and we're all the time yeah anyway we're
gonna wrap up the blog and tomorrow
we're getting that semi early because we
want to do some more stuff so tomorrow's
our last day in Barcelona make sure you
stay tuned
dude don't stay tuned stay tuned for the
boss of vlogs are some vlogs yeah it was
guys I did his friend today like only in
barsa what did you say Oh Liam boss
abroad only in parts of bro Liam barsa
bro
so that's our new motto okay wrapping it
up we'll see you then bye
very interesting shape gloss this is
like a whole like liter of air or
something in a beautiful beautiful shape
I like that a big wine glass
we can get ready
