morning guys it is a Monday morning very
early it is about 4:30 on Monday morning
and yet it feels already kind of shitty
to be up so early but don't worry
because you know what the weather here
in England is so terrible right now it's
cold and damp and raining so I am really
looking forward to getting into their
beautiful beautiful Barcelona Sun I
don't know if you can see it actually
doesn't look as bad on camera as what it
is in real life but it's raining so hard
and it's just a generally gray day you
must be excited to see the sunshine
yeah so I said I cannot wait to get
Spanish some baby get my tan on gonna be
good it's so early so I am NOT gonna lie
on point sleepy when the alarm went off
was like no think that went off at 4
o'clock in the morning I think that's
the earliest I've had to wake up for a
flight or in it for any reason and a
really long time um it's like a lot of
those moments where you fall asleep and
you swear you're gonna be seekers like
20 minutes and then the alarm goes off
that's what I felt like yeah I feel like
that as well ah but it's all gonna be
worth it because once we get there it's
gonna be so much fun and we're hoping to
get there in time for breakfast again
but um I think we might be a little bit
late yeah we were about 15 20 minutes
late coming out the door and I mean I
don't
it is raining so that flies probably
delayed a little also hopefully all give
us a little time yeah we'll see
um but yeah nothing else to report I was
just had to saw it like I think I'm
wearing the exact same thing I wore to
the airport when we went to Berlin yeah
maybe this is like my new flying gear I
was actually thinking oh god I've packed
like a couple the same top so
outfit repeater guiltiest to the
huffing out okay we're gonna hop it out
here's a food okay so may history
security it was actually pretty good
I don't know why the people at the
airport insist on yelling and everyone
to get be quicker when it just stresses
people out and it just causes it to turn
in a bit of a frenzy but anyway what a
guy yeah like like hurry up
take it out haha I was like there's like
20 people in front of me I can't really
do anyway um do we have time for
breakfast yeah there's a combination of
progress yes so the food is here and the
terrible vlog of the day I forgot to
vlog mine but it was just basically like
a sausage and some eggs here put some
brioche and I stay got eggs on toast
retching looks a lot better than mine so
I'm a little gel gel
no no the plane
mojo
oh hey took a while to get the camera
out there
touchdown ladies and gent such down in
Barcelona Barcelona here we go
definitely feeling a little like that I
mean like yeah sure but it was really
cool they found it it was pretty chilly
and they was saying you know you're in a
hot country when they have palm trees
outside so if you can see they got some
palm trees out front so we're excited
and so was the airplane a lot of people
near plane very very excited one is here
to party yeah big time yeah so we're
just on that train platform we just got
our tickets right here I'm America
except Aslan and my kriesky or mi Juhi
he's just like
it's just like you're doing you're doing
you're very do you can really pull off
the do little but really are just but I
don't have any powder in my face so why
is the hot particles so nice of that
beautiful I can't wait to get to the
place and I change of July go
there's nothing I'm just gonna wait for
the Train and then we'll be on our way
okay so we have made it onto the Metro I
don't know if you guys can tell but
we're a little bit
so taking the Greenline couple stops
having two adventures we can handle this
so we have exited the VCO metro station
and we are on our way to the Airbnb just
come off Rambler which is the big maze
and I'm walking from an odd welcome to
some of the city here and it's more
battalion isn't it rides near Rome and a
lot of kind of kind of tall buildings
and narrow alleyways a very atmospheric
palm trees how cool are they I don't
know I maybe just because I grew up in
Canada I just thought I'd never really
get to see palm trees so yeah they drop
like Cena man oh well the nightly look
like in Canada or in England yeah I mean
I'd never even seen a palm tree probably
until like four years ago yeah or maybe
any earlier I know I don't remember but
look growing on the street yeah like
growing it like everywhere you know
anyway I think it's amazing I feel like
it's so Trump so we just checked into
the Airbnb and it was actually still
getting cleaned oh my gosh look at that
cat Fran would love it she would love it
like Fran Fran this one's for you right
here this cat who is it cereal or amber
gaze sorry al that's my best accent Wow
they do love these statues here I've
seen like three of them so far it's
pretty cool yeah Reggie would love it oh
yeah I think we're just gonna walk
around see what's going on kind of
hungry it's about one o'clock just for
reference here we are on la rambla
the accents are coming out the exits
coming up yeah I mean la ramblas as far
as I understand it to be meant to be
just like a really beautiful walking
promenade and you can just walk down the
middle with all these beautiful trees
around you giving shade and just it's
quite longer than just all these
restaurants and stuff here yeah well
let's walk down the middle of see if
anything catches right although all the
restaurant 10min to be complete tourists
wrap so but we'll see whatever what am I
look the first meal of the day
this one's all right here's the panties
with holes in the world because they
have an outdoor seating area that's
actually kind of nice check it out never
seen a McDonald's outdoor sitting area
like that you want a fan so here we are
in tourist trap restaurant of choice but
you know what we don't care because
we're just so hungry and all we want to
do is just sit down and have a few bit
of water a bit of beer something in the
tank we'll go for the fancy real
Catalonia tap - later on no tonight this
place called biblioth√®que is going to
be nearby
I didn't say reservations recommend but
we could we could give them a call and
go back yeah we wanted to leave because
the cleaners there she thinks Oh
oh yeah the market today yeah why not
write this yeah
very interesting shape gloss this is
like a whole like liter of air or
something a beautiful beautiful shape
like that like a big wine glass
we can get let go easily give yourself a
little bit mustache go on don't be so
sexy oh yeah
boy that sick I've already got a
moustache zoomin foods here
I got a seafood paella I stay got a visa
I'm going to have problem eating pears
everything it's like fish fish and lamb
and venison so we are done with lunch
which is actually surprisingly okay I
mean yeah I it was pretty good
the beer was great as well definitely
feeling a bit so we're now we're going
to LA bomb carrier I think that's what
is how do you pronounce it but it's it's
the big food market in the center so
it's going to have you know camel or
browse there so got the atmosphere now
look at all the delicious peppers and
spices they've got here yep
I'm just imagining you buying all the
spices like you did it Marrakech I'm
never using them yeah yeah but we're
trying not did you know the exactly okay
so keep this shopping instincts to a
down
well dreadlock story but I see why I'm
home yes we found doesn't even be in
store how many beads look at this season
say what every time oh man I was diving
same bead collection budget I happened
when I used to have dreadlocks is to buy
beads like this and put them in my hair
those were the days guys
who you can have a knife we are
approaching the rear of La Boqueria
only pachi butchering the pronunciation
completely okay finally Carter the fish
section we're now in the fruit look at
this
cherries watermelons dragon fruit
passionfruit
want to be so bright they drank through
right
you want to get some fruit
desert
I've got all these sweets again
like a huge some more sweets there we go
I stayed up the bag grabbed a pair of
tongs baby and I was going to tell Vicki
you want the Frog except for frog on
frog on one heart your heart
and shall I take it you can tell me if
you want anything up there love stuff up
there but I may be the only person who
can reach you to my long limbs okay Yes
Doctor no it's banana okay
let's get a pizza
this market is my life this if I lived
in Barcelona you can just find me or
everyday because just like choose a
fruit candy
what more kind of person want it is
amazing and doing like saving these up
the bag yeah it's crazy it's awesome so
I think we're just going to keep walking
through
we should have definitely got lunch here
inside a mess go join our like a
watermelon do something do you yeah
maybe
look at all this juice that is
incredible and look at all the different
varieties like you know London you get
like orange and apple but look at this
mango papaya orange a strawberry Kiwi
mango orange and mango strawberry banana
strawberry and kiwi water manga wow wow
that's a lot of juice vandagriff just a
plain old watermelon on a day like this
on a hot day like this kind of them you
can ask this one it's an orange like
that yeah dying that watermelon juice is
pretty good just snapchat you so much
stuff so condensed it's so lively
honestly if you are like a foodie like
we are and you Oh careful there's
somebody driving two bikes if you're a
foodie like we are I think it's worth
the trip just to come to a market like
honestly I had everything that I'd like
yeah Swedes had pastries I had juicer
that yes yep I don't like all round the
outskirts of the market though difficult
for me attack pastor amber here's
everything that was amazing but Alan and
I are actually feeling kind of hot
sticky tired staff that's exactly the
word soup
so we're heading back because we haven't
actually like properly sat down I just
chill
last night last night last night uh so
we're gonna go back take it tickle em
take a little maybe like 20 minutes now
take a shower
and then we will catch up and show you
what we're up to up to oh geez
we're back back in the Airbnb have we go
don't continue to you know know do a
quick one quick look to arena all right
let's take you to the entrance so if we
can switch on these lights on there you
go so you come in through here to record
on Andy go into the main living room
kitchen very modern open plan sort of
situation there's a stay holy good I
want to go over there get an upskirt
shot um and here's the bedroom and Taj
bathroom nice
nigga that's it ready and there's
another there's another bedroom bathroom
over there but we're not using that yeah
I like it
and the best thing about it is that
we're right on this lovely lovely little
square right there
there's a lovely square there's some
restaurants and get beer whatever it's
perfect
okay we are back at it much later
actually took a nap didn't we yeah a
really long long
yeah we were both pretty exhausted and
yeah just out for dinner now we're going
to this vegetarian tapas place it was a
highly recommended by quite a few people
yeah everyone comments coming Instagram
and Twitter has so many recommendations
we did get one a few recommendations are
cutting off the frame so yeah so yeah
this is a vegetarian tapas place I
didn't realize how fast could be
vegetarian like you know you can make a
speciality ah yeah I'm excited
so here we are so summer but look at a
classic situation where its most yeah
look at that now completely closed maybe
it's like a Monday or something classic
yeah every freakin time biblioteca
and the funny thing is that really I
mean it's like 7:45 now it's nearly
eight o'clock but for some reason like
there's nobody that it's completely dead
well someone told me that in Barcelona
dinner starts at like 9:00 yeah well I
mean it's pretty much eight so but I
mean we're still gonna go it alright I
think so yeah here's we'll create the
atmosphere okay that's true let's do it
yeah okay look at this
here's us
nobody so does it work you swaggins
you're great oh yeah yeah
so the feast begins yeah we've got quite
a pass because you know one in a row we
got to get the top as well yeah so to
begin we've got some delicious sardines
avocado toasted thing and then we have
fish like fried lamb holy potatoes this
lamb is amazing
whoa that's a bleep sorry like really
really friggin good thing yeah well just
okay well like this is the Buchi 30
seconds later like I've eaten the whole
place um really amazing like really well
or like just delicious just downright
freakin delicious Wow whatever this is
pretty good I mean nothing compared to
lamb but it's still like you know just
sardines with avocado it's a good
combination okay round two yeah we've
got but essentially homemade fry like
chips or crisps whatever we were
with that word delicious-looking drizzle
and some little mini octopuses sauteed
with asparagus another thing is they
realize about this restaurant is that
we've got the Alanis Morisette best of
mixtape playing yeah that's like the
whole CD hit but I grew up with my mom
mom she probably still loves Allen's
Martha and actually the other day I
watched for you I think was a light
cosplay of awareness
and Oprah and I just have like a whole
new appreciation for her yeah she's a
she's a beautiful strong woman yeah
she's amazing
yeah and I just love that stage as the
state's been doing intermittently it's
repeating this just like bursting out
with random verses it stays got her mane
it's like a interesting balsamic
vinaigrette fried egg thing yeah
breakfast for dinner baby and finishing
of calf ass with a single chicken dish a
chicken avocado avocados I stays a big
fan of it yeah it's really go oops
forgot about this these are actually
eggplant aubergine crisps like really
thinly slice and then fried and oh my
god are they good
I don't know whether the lamb oh this is
my favorite now yeah yeah these are
pretty amazing let me try one
I mean we have found a good balsamic on
it
oh they're really good on me really
really good dr. Goodspeed yeah thank you
this place with me and it stays
highlight I'm leaving
the apple pie I think it's like Apple
and Raven have always looks amazing got
kids playing here throwing around some
bangers lovely childhood dreams but I
think that's it for tonight
ladies and gents yes spear the place is
amazing food was so good whatever here
I've mended my blue checker in the El
Raval area I think yeah I'm really a
pretty good value for money I think
weight is expensive but like the quality
yeah it's great buy anyway stay tuned
for tomorrow because we will be doing
stuff and more indie tells you next one
