good morning it's another day of balloon
and I just woke up and I'm gonna eat a
banana and then go to the gym I woke up
with this like irritation here I think
the last thing I should probably be
doing is like pawing at it like this but
it's like the only thing I want to do
just want to scratch it scratch it I
won't I'm going to write down a to-do
list for today on the board I do this
not like everyday but most days because
it keeps me on track if I don't write it
down on this whiteboard which is
actually just a piece of glass then I
write it in my notebook so yeah I'm
gonna gonna do that just got back from
the gym and I made myself its smoothie
of course but this time I did something
a little bit different because normally
I juice the carrots and I juice the
apples and stuff like that and then put
that in the nutribullet but this time I
just put the carrots in the apples
straight in like I took the seeds out of
the apples and everything but I don't
know if I'm gonna like it as much we're
gonna try it right now on camera it's
definitely like a thicker consistency
and I think it's worth it to put the
effort into juice the other things it's
okay it's just a lot thicker but I don't
know I think I prefer the juicing method
so I'm just as you probably guessed it
having a cup of tea and I'm editing
yesterday's blog and it's the part where
Adams talking about his Crocs and how
they're like not made for his feet and
he has screwed-up toes and all this and
I'm just laughing so hard because this
morning hasn't had a bit of a meltdown
he's just I can't take these Crocs they
squash my toe it's like I need two
slices bigger at least I really want to
like them and it's so funny because like
he used to hate Crocs like most of the
world but yeah he loves Crocs and I
can't deny they're really comfortable
but um maybe I'll have to get him
another pair of Crocs and by the way yes
I'm wearing the same t-shirt as I wore
yesterday because I'm I see
human being and sometimes that happens
and plus this is really comfortable so
yeah poor Reggie's a bit sad today I
think I don't know why what's up with
you today
you don't even want to hang out with me
in the kitchen
that's weird maybe you want to go for a
walk you want to go for a walk okay come
on let's go for a walk come on you love
it outside come on he's like I really
don't want to get up right now
I'm looking for cats looking for cats
renji's always looking for cats it's
time for lunch and clearly it's time for
Reggie's lunch dude he looks so big oh
so I just warmed up some soup that I had
I was like I don't even know what that
noise is from it's not the most exciting
of meals but it'll do job I think um
what else can I tell you I'm loving
orange is the new black I am absolutely
loving it every chance I get
I'm watching an episode but my friend
friends that I can only watch up to
episode 8 so I can watch episode 7 but
not episode 8 because we want to start
watching it together and I'm just kind
of like you're really testing our
friendship friend because I really want
to power through this but I won't
I won't okay he's back I'm back ladies
jets out have I feared today
don't remember no just I like to take
this opening zero to say a big thank you
to all the people are so nice on the on
the solo blog that it on Sunday so nice
comments thank you guys very very kind
yeah it makes my heart warm to know that
you guys love me so what are we doing
now I'm heading to the osteopath kinda
mean to get my back and I stay was
missing me so much because I've been
away all day that she's asked me to
accompany her to the osteopath you
jumped at the chance what that I was
like I rode oh yeah I can go I can go
visit my favorite CAF in London and get
a delicious sandwich just like yes
um yeah so they should take out a half
an hour and then we will join back up
and hopefully I can also get a sandwich
so I'm just eating this sandwich and
this is just how I like to roll with
crumbs all over myself as when it's just
I don't even know what he's up to
right right okay guys so I'm teetering
in these heels trying to get to
Leicester Square with Aslan because we
are heading to with all these people
looking at us but it is watching TV
they're not actually cheering I thought
of vlogging basically we're going to see
Paper Towns and just casually hang out
with John Green yeah it's a pretty
excited about but we have to go to this
hotel first pick up a ticket and then
we're gonna go there and see what the
situation is I think this is quite cool
because some of the actors are
apparently going to be there and they're
gonna be speaking afterwards about the
film and work on the film that's our
thing so yeah and you can see that I'm
really trying to walk with like some
spinach family is early so we've just
picked up our ticket but I feel like
serious VIP right now rosianna hooked us
up with these tickets because there's a
key like you wouldn't even believe all
the people and then the queue still goes
all the way around so
we'll take a big do you want to be every
height everyone if you have ever been
here you'll have seen this Odeon sign
which now we're on the balcony which is
crazy and then there's like all these
people all the way around and like it's
pretty crazy but uh yeah having a good
time so far
hey Tony Martin
hello everybody else okay Joey now if
you were going to be Prime Minister
what would your policy leader why should
everyone vote for you and I want you to
tell everyone this in an English accent
so I've just realized that there are
three people at this party with the
exact same phone case and those people
are Emily and me I love it though to get
it from a stay or something or did you
say yeah if I didn't while they did
these until ice paper paper rifle
company that's the one yeah rifle paper
but yeah did you get it you gotta see in
your vlogging everything every town and
it's cool to see other people using it
it's good and I also like the one they
do this like white with gold right here
so anyway I'm just zooming in on these
two I don't even know why anymore I'm
just like yeah blogging so we just got
into a cab and the first thing I said
was good bye toes because these shoes
are killing me
they look so pretty oh my god why do
women do this I will never listen to it
they're actually really they're actually
really comfortable they're actually
really comfortable when you wear them
for a short time like an hour but it's
been like a couple hours of walking
around
I reckon if you buy them turned out well
no you could ran for a whole evening but
just like not one where you're standing
up the whole time yeah no but yeah my
feet are killing me they see but anyway
what did you think of that it's a
picture well oh no no he's not don't
worry something yeah makes it I mean it
kind of crazy that we got to see like a
little preview of the movie what's this
we got to see like 20 minutes of the
movie yeah before the QA and I thought
that was kind of like really cool that
they did that and I think that everybody
in the room feel like really special
like they really got something and yeah
Cara was like I'm crazy like she is a
stick of dynamite like you know you
throw it in there and you're like oh my
god what the hell is gonna happen but I
cut it works out in you yeah so I didn't
know Cara was coming because I knew not
was coming but I didn't know they they
didn't know if car was coming basically
so yeah it was really exciting to see
her there and she's awesome I mean I'm
such a car I'm such a car fan I love
everything she does I think she's
amazing in every way I think she's like
why Kathleen says a stick of dynamite
that's such a perfect way to describe
her isn't it yeah
anyway yeah it was amazing so thanks
again John for inviting us along it was
so cool and finally I actually got to
meet John which was good and John's wife
was there too super nice guy and his
wife sources wife amazing yeah good
people
it's so nice but you see good things
happening good people yep but I think
we're gonna head home now well I don't
think I know I can't anyway so I think
I'm gonna wrap it up here for now make
sure you stay tuned because well I'm
also going to be vlogging Monday Tuesday
and Wednesday because we're going on
another little trip
oh yeah surprise Oh so today too and for
that yeah I hope you guys are enjoying
balloon Oh whatever trip we go to you
want to see another segue to say that in
the comments so that given to stay to go
a non-sequitur please basically yeah
okay wrapping it up see you guys later
bye
