good morning everyone it's another day
of balloon and I'm going to get my hair
done it's 8:30 a.m. and I woke up like
this well my hair woke up like this so
I'm going to head out now and go to my
hair done I'll show you my outfit before
I leave though so this is what I'm
wearing today I'm wearing a t-shirt I
didn't want to wear a jacket because
it's not actually that cold out but I
just threw on this scarf which is from
my friend Chelsea's shop and omie
t-shirt is from All Saints and jeans are
also from All Saints actually I love
these jeans I think they're called the
biker jeans they're not totally white
but I think they're nice and then
sandals I'm wearing these these bad boys
right here so yeah that is this is my
outfit of the day oh yeah this is what
I'm wearing something easy peasy so I'm
in the hot seat with Larry's back
they're trimming away I'm trying not to
distract him too much because there goes
my haircut potentially but no he's a
professional anyway I just got some
color done what did I actually get color
wise Larry because I think I just got a
bit of blonde and Kobe glossy got a bit
longer as well
yeah more like a foodie eight yeah yeah
so it looks a bit like a drowned rat
right now but I'm gonna look fab in a
few minute so you guys know how much I
love my skull ring that I got its my
entry into the skull ring world and I'm
just looking at Larry's hands as he's
doing my hair and look at this one I was
like Larry your ring is so much cooler
than mine and he says that it was one
pound fifty from top top man right
can I tell where can get gotta breathe
Larry's mom bought it for him so I don't
know how I feel like I feel like I fit a
little bit due to buy this great frog
one when I really like that one more
everyone it is cool it really is I felt
a bit weird going in there but yeah it
was it works out me out because I do
like everything right bro yeah another
one the other one
they are cool we're doing the final
touch-ups now I absolutely love it and
Larry has convinced me to go for a
center parting that's like a little
messy on the top which i think looks so
good there's a reason why they call you
the man I don't know who holds from that
I love it by the way guys make sure you
go check out Larry on Instagram because
I have to like really stretch my arms
open
because he's got an amazing Instagram
and I stalk him all the time he's always
hanging out with cool people and I'm
cold jealous but but yeah the whole
that's very much so Matt Larry King hair
okay just got the hair did I've just got
my coat like draped over my shirt here
but I've actually got to go pick up a
couple of things I need new I don't know
if I need new trainers but I want these
a new just plain black Nike trainers not
the ones that I have I have the Roche
runs but they're too clunky so I wanted
to go into Nike and see if they had like
slim pairs I could wear with skirts and
just like I don't know but anyway I'm so
happy with my hair as always larry has
done the best job look at it flounce and
bounce around looks amazing and he's so
funny and he's so amazing but I'm
serious go follow him on Instagram
because he is a hoot for lack of a
better word yeah so let's just see if I
can go find those shoes so I managed to
find the shoes which I'll show you when
I get home they weren't the exact ones I
wanted to get but I really liked them so
anyway I'm starving and I decided to
stop at Benito's hat for lunch I thought
I was going to go for lunch with Aslan
but I just called the money said he
didn't have time so I was like you know
what I'm gonna get myself a burrito bowl
to take home so I'm heading home right
now I'm a little flustered because it's
so busy in the centre but I'm gonna head
home and I might eat the burrito bowl on
the way we shall see okay I finally get
to eat and look they threw like these um
nachos in there never seen that before
I'm starving guys now let's see what
this situation is it's like beans rice a
tiny bit of cheese guacamole salsa oh
yes
Reggie's like I'm hungry too all right
lunch was good I was so hungry and now
I'm going to make a cup of tea because I
have water splashing everywhere because
I want a cup of tea and I was actually
having a nice chat with the cab driver
on the way home it's so rare to see
women black cab drivers I think I've
only had two taxi drivers that we're
women
and both of them have been like badass
people and I was just talking to her
because this guy I'm Leo got such a long
boring story I won't even tell you but
anyway we were talking about how T
solves every problem and she's like
because I was yelling at her as she was
driving and she's just like it's so
horrible that you have to put up with
that every day
and she's loose she was just like babe a
cup of tea solves everything and I was
like I am so with you you don't even
know and it was a nice little a nice
little interaction with another human I
liked it
I'm gonna have a cherry mm-hmm um so
yeah that is about it for that oh I'll
show you my shoes okay so like I said
they didn't have the exact ones I wanted
but I tried these on and I really liked
them so basically I'm just I'm just
gonna get my other trainers to show you
comparison these are my Roche runs here
on the left and here are these ones and
there are my new ones on the right
they're the exact same size but for some
reason these road trims make my feet
look humongous and I already have pretty
big feet so that's just like not the one
but sometimes it's nice to wear a bit of
a slimmer trainer especially if you're
wearing it with like a skirt or a dress
or something like that I absolutely love
them I'm usually not a big like polka
dot lover I used to wear them a lot but
as of recently no but I think this is a
nice subtle way to wear them and also
the laces are really cool so I don't
know if you can even tell but the tongue
like isn't separate it's all attached
it's all attached oh yeah these mugs
came okay I have a mug problem as most
people know let's get my cup of tea look
at all this tee tees life I should
really move this peanut butter because
it's just on top of that oh god anyway I
will have to wash these out I guess as
when unpack them but it's a glass mug I
don't know if you can see this but it
has an inner part so the outside of the
mug doesn't get hot or too hot but the
insides I don't know I think they're
really cool but I'll explore that later
whoo
the tea in the mug let it steep for a
long time so I noticed this huge box
when I came home and I have no idea what
it is it's huge and it says fragile so I
better open it it was actually just a
set of lights that I ordered for making
youtube videos I don't know if you guys
know what YouTube is but I make the
videos and sometimes I need a lighting
and the lights that I had were like
broken every time I'd set them up the
actual light part would fall off a bye
to your video and I was just like
getting a little sick that was I was
like it was one of those things I was
like okay I'll order two lights tomorrow
order new lights tomorrow and I just
never did it but I finally did it so I
with the old my mom texted me she's like
what are you doing I was like nothing
and I just tried calling her and then
she didn't answer and she just texts me
hang on a shake I'm on a call call me in
five minutes
hang on a shake just hang on a shake
what are you doing right now besides
driving around and in my car yeah from A
to B Cotham god you're obsessed with my
car driving it in the city yeah all
these Johnson
anyway when are you coming home this is
such a typical lunch for me just calling
everyone I know a K as women my mom I'll
probably call my grandma too let's be
honest it's my favorite way to spend
munch see if my mom answers now or if
she's still busy hello hey mom girl
oh not much just calling everyone I know
why I'm home just be something to say to
beep I like talking to people on the
phone if you haven't noticed
what are you doing yeah I know well God
doesn't that it got my hair done this
morning oh yeah it looks really nice I
really like it yeah - shaking at mine it
just makes you feel a bit better I think
you know oh yeah yeah so eight years ago
I told Aslan to buy these for me I was
like buy me some emoji stickers I just
like set it off hand like I didn't think
he was listening and today he shows me
that he ordered them I think they were
like 2 pounds or something for all of
these there's 288 stickers I love them
now the question is where do I put these
well actually the question is more so
where don't I put these because I love
them ah what's my favorite emoji on this
sheet of paper I love that one I love
that one I love that one love love love
love love them all and by the way I got
this t-shirt today when I was a shopping
quickly I was just kind of like grabbed
it didn't try it on but I really liked
it it's just like a plain stripy t-shirt
with this kind of neck I love it it's
from All Saints if you're wondering it's
like a super nice comfortable material
oh my god Koya is closed forever
what do you mean the head chef Japanese
guys going back to Japan and they closed
on the throat Oh Jane just look at the
website okay we were supposed to go to
dinner tonight at a place called Koyo
which was one of our favorite ramen
places but as you just found out it's
closed unbelievable I'm buddy so now
what are we gonna do oh my god last time
I way was when I didn't even get the
freaking fry vegetables you didn't even
get the friggin fried vegetable
okay so that's obviously that sucks yeah
this isn't it hello what I'm sad but our
party today they thought I couldn't
continue with the restaurant without the
head chef true that though I mean yeah
do you want to put that anyway I mean I
can't I can't get you in it so I mean
let's just keep you like this just to
show you the actual height difference
arrests of a lot this is all you see
just your eyes anyway I'm gonna do these
dishes but seriously where are we gonna
go now I don't know we're wining and
dining Aslan's mom yeah so so it has to
go to a kind of a uh wait and I was
waiting to you what I'm just wait wait
for an hour for dinner
might have to be done might have to be
done you want a cherry um look at how
tantalizing as them looks with new
haircut let's see from the side so
sunroof oh yeah it looks really good and
even Reggie got a haircut no I'm kidding
can dogs have cherries well he doesn't
want it anyway so so I'm wearing my
Crocs and I just realized that rocks are
made for people whose biggest toe you
know the big toe is also the longest so
unfortunate it's not the case with me I
have pretty screwed up weird toes so it
means that two of the toes next to the
big tip are actually longer than big toe
if you have a look at the shape of the
clock that doesn't really accommodate
for that so I'm a little bit
uncomfortable news I probably need to
upgrade like two sizes at least and you
thought you'd never wear Crocs and here
we are yeah outside outdoors I thought
people can see me and cooked well time
for your walk Ritchie run you're free go
be one with yourself
I want meat on special healing why did I
turn a feeling when I know damn right
it's healing
and we're real sad oh don't go don't go
Tony
if schipper fake we don't party like if
shivered there we don't cific Lonnie
like it shiver and windows it's your
birthday follow me in the club I mean I
already did this was like I'm slow on
the game story so we've made it to the
restaurant Canada yeah right yeah that
we I didn't yeah I didn't know we were
coming here to the all right here right
I'm so confused right now
sorry what yeah we're at Canada yeah
Canada had sagaie here we had to do some
maneuvers in the target some maneuvers I
wish I never had to witness because I
was terrified but yeah we're just
waiting to go in there's like a big few
people to get in
to me about
thirty puddin so updates this is not
heavier
copy second phrase um we're in photo
which is right opposite and the reason
why we locate this I found out that my
mom wishes don't actually like ramen so
like oh well shocking
you can only like I didn't know that
matter they're done you can only get
ramen in Zambia so instead of it yeah
step up we have some tibideaux edamame
which means like normal out of mind but
they're putting garlic in chilly stuff
on us which is nice
let's take a nice green I see
but really garlicky yes look for that
later
the ramen has arrived I'm so excited and
the me also have his coz Aslan is on his
phone texting yeah really excited to dig
into this oh my god there's like so
fancy like a Michelin star restaurant
it's not a good one charlie yeah Oh Gabe
we're now headed home you've dropped
everybody off and everything we've done
and dusted driving under pressure with
Alan's mom in the car got a him arrest
exactly an estate of the press drove
home
no problem or anything L was excellent
excellent work there by an S II button
yeah um any concluding thoughts today
not really I don't even remember what we
did today so something we that's the
thing was vlogging like when you go to
edit and you're like oh yeah that was
today that was earlier today yeah yeah
we were taking 30 thoughts from you um
thank you but Oh once again a lovely
food that's great that's good and the
waiters were quite friendly yes good
that's nice that's it ready we'll see
you guys in the next one
