somebody's ready somebody's ready for
the walk amble slowly ambles loved EEP
EEP EEP EEP EEP EEP EEP EEP look for a
squirrel at first we're of look for
squid
looks for squirrels people clapping
squirrel where are those goddamn
screening rules
let's get those goddamn screen rules oh
is that one here maybe oh look right II
there's what in the distance run run run
run Midna run run run
okay what's that McDonald's box these
grantees band Oh x-rated guys censored
censored okay what the hell is this
no visions I'm like with body parts or
anything no it's just a sheet thank God
oh okay
it's another lovely lovely gray as
something summer's day in England
take me home eh it's time for breakfast
take its time and what shall breakfast
be for you this morning sire beef
tartare omits
or extremely rare mins oh these Todd
Hoffman's good choice
see you are sticking strictly to your
Paleo diet good work sir okay what
should I have for breakfast guys I don't
know and I'm gonna have my old favorite
three-way for breakfast some coconut
yogurt some grape jam good ol Welch's
and you know better so there it is it's
very easy out and I always make this if
I can't think of anything and need
something easy and Finnick I know who's
gonna want this leftover peanut butter
on the spoon ho ho ho yeah buddy
oh don't bite it it's metal you know
maybe you go there you know some reason
there's nothing better in the world to
Hurston pretty big in peanut butter of
the spoon
turn that over for you oh so cute
yeah that's right now give himself a
little peanut butter bath so I'm sad
about running some errands and it stays
calm decided to borrow it but she's even
pissed about that don't worry I told her
guys it's fine so yeah it's gonna get
some food really because we have little
food and I was inspired by feast last
night so I thought I might cook today
some Middle Eastern theme things plus I
sneaked he took the swivel camera stays
hand for the Berlin trip everything I
receive I can get developed if I can get
like a one hour develops situation going
on and I can do a little surprise you
might like it
holy crap Asda have you ever seen such a
long line of cards never look ridiculous
Oh from here Oh way down there and it's
using it like a barrier to stop people
parking there but surely there would
have been a bit more of a efficient way
to do that I don't know some friggin
safety curves or something this must be
I like at least the house and maybe God
look at that
no anything like that before does say
they do one hour processing but I'm not
sure that's for like actually normal
films kind of processing I'm sure it's a
very like a an SD card with additional
tiles it's fine but I don't think I
don't know if they can do film
so here I am this is the digital stuff
and I thought this guy could help me but
say you can't because he's just
two-dimensional he's not real
fortunately there's nobody else here to
help me okay I guess I'm screwed oh I'm
sorry guys that's all right it's the
thought that counts so yeah now just
food food food food you get some food
get some fresh chilies as well and make
some courgette and one eggplant
coriander one big juicy pomegranate and
last but not least good old home now
let's get ready start cooking first
thing is to marinate the chicken so we
should America chicken for now they're
gonna do some other bits and pieces
before making this for dinner we are
using this very special little bucket
marinade this is you know the buckets
that we always have right next to the
bucket stand the mother of the brothers
who run the block is owner has her own
little store where she sells the special
spice that they use in the buckets and
as you can see it's super cute like
she's handwritten everything so you know
it's extra authentic and tastes
delicious
there it is marinating away I've cover
it with some cling film and leave about
2 to 3 hours
what don't disturb my sleep please thank
you
whilst we wait for that chicken to
marinate when you could be tackling this
mess
oh yeah look at that that is disgusting
that's horrible we need to deal with
this so I'm gonna make some headway
today I also thought it might be fun if
I wear this GoPro at the same time why
not right let's just get crazy on this
Sunday oh this is gonna be some fun weed
wagon and yes I will be wearing my
crafts thank you very much
whoa and an hour and a half later we are
done just about to switch things around
a little bit more of a kind of seating
over here so we'll see how this works so
I think it's time for us to get started
on dinner as we know the main protein is
gonna come from the chicken but we're
gonna making a nice little kind of rice
e quinoa so bikini ye kind of salad on
the side to get that started let's cook
with quinoa to get about 300 grams of
raw quinoa to rinse well put into a
saucepan and add just a little bit more
than its own volume in the water just a
little bit more not too much to this one
out a good pinch of salt 1 teaspoon of
cinnamon give it a rinse everything can
come through set that on a high heat
wait until it boils and then should be
on the ball for about 20 minutes before
it's done whilst that's bubbling away
let's focus on our vegetables superstars
it's gonna get your courgette and an
eggplant or zucchini and an eggplant I
guess I don't know what you guys call it
over the world and then slice them into
really thin slices and then we get two
baking sheets cover them with oil and
then pop down the vegetables before you
start chopping those vegetables set your
oven to 200 degrees Celsius and let it
warm up so your vegetables should look a
little bit like this
and then you want to add some garlic get
your garlic rest and just press the
garlic and then obviously doesn't go all
over but then you can use this stuff
that's actually left here you can just
kind of like you know Pat it on the top
I know it sounds insane but it's
actually worked and it's saving me save
you just like a few seconds I don't know
why I'm showing this off because people
probably gonna think this is so weird
but yeah this is what I'm doing where I
live after the garlic she's gonna add
some salt okay and these babies should
be ready to go into the oven when it's
warmed up and they should take about 15
to 20 minutes but no rest for the wicked
let's roast these almonds so I've got
just a handful of almonds here
I'm gonna put them on a really high heat
on a pan and leave them to roast this
takes about four or five minutes it can
heat up quite quickly and they can get
burnt very easily so definitely keep eye
on this and keep them turning it often
okay at this point the quinoa should be
pretty much done I'm gonna get that out
of there and pop that in a bowl just to
cool down don't forget almonds though so
you see now they're getting that kind of
black just right on the top that's when
they're finished pretty much you want to
take it off the heat now let them cool
down in the pan now if you've got a
person who likes your almond it's kind
of salty this is what you can do to you
then add a good pinch of salt into a
glass popping the juice of a whole lemon
then just mix these two together you
want to get your mixture I'll pop that
in the fan it's evaporating now the
residual heat in the pan should actually
get rid of all the lemon juice by the
time you get everything else ready so
you can just leave it like that so the
vegetables should still be roasting so
meanwhile it's DC this pomegranate I
have shown how to see the pomegranate
before but for those of you wanna see it
again get yourself a pomegranate and
then you wanna get your knife cut along
the ridges of the pomegranate know if
you run your finger long you should feel
the ridge of it and it can feel as a
Ridge there and there's normally about
five ridges and you run your knife along
those ridges that go too deep but I tend
to meet deeper so when you made all the
ridges when it's cut off the top and
then kind of split the pomegranate opens
different show you this for the ridges
and then you can just split the
pomegranate open along the ridges is
just made this like that there you go
then grab the pomegranate pop it over a
bowl and then you need your spanking
battle and then I mean this you're gonna
use a little paddle to spank the
pomegranate gently and as you spank it
all the seed should come out after a
nice spanking session like that you
should have most the pomegranates out
and just a few little things you need to
pick up you know no biggie
it makes these eating a pomegranate a
lot less of a hassle than doing it one
by one a vegetable should be pretty much
done at this point so you see they can a
little lightly browned on the top and
coming up on the edges that's the stage
where you want to stop them now these
are quite hot so let's let them cool
next step is to get your cooled quinoa
and put it in your serving bowl and do
some mint and some coriander lots of
coriander the right amount of mint mint
is a very powerful taste so you know you
don't overdo it so be careful with this
stuff how much is just the right amount
you ask well you know it's up to you
some people like a minty I personally
don't like it to maintain so for me this
is about four stems worth and they'll be
enough for this big bowl tear them up
and then pop them in there for the
quarry and I personally love love
coriander so I'm getting like a really
big bunch here chop this up finely
popping do this lovely makes you want to
add the juice of half a lemon come on
left hand just straight there you go now
let's make this a real party and add
their roasted vegetables now let's get
modern and funky and add in avocado
okay the avocados in so let's mix this
baby up I think this bowl is too small
okay the ball was too small so I put it
on a dish now the spirits done all you
want to do now is garnish with the
pomegranate seeds and the roasted
almonds and what everything is done it
should look something like this now
let's cook the chicken chicken skewered
let's take this over to the barbecue in
a way oh I'm trying a new method not
directly on the grill for just above it
so I'm gonna see if I can ex cook you
like this I wonder if it's gonna succeed
a file and while the chicken is doing
its thing let's make another little mini
sides it's a quick one don't worry you
want to get a nice generous knob of
butter put it into a hot pan and let it
melt whilst that's melting when a rinse
about 300 grams of rocket rinse is much
water out of the rocket as you can and
when the butter starts to boil like this
I have to rock it in there and then keep
on turning it whilst it's wilting now
they will think shouldn't take too long
a couple of minutes later it should look
like this
this point take it off the heat bring it
back to the colander pop it into the
colander and what I get rid of as much
of that excess liquid as we can just
give it a good shake just press it down
a little bit healing just agitate it and
then drink it all that liquid put it
back in the pan and
the juice of half a lemon come on at
that time the second time rats they go
I've also had a juice some salt and
pepper and then just whack that in there
mix it in nicely this is pretty much
done this is gonna be hot and spicy kind
of thing that you're gonna have with the
chicken check my bank as a little
homeless like a garnish you know I'm
gonna keep this warm though so you can
either pop this in an oven or put on a
really really really low heat add a tiny
bit of water and then put a lid on until
your chickens ready well here the
chicken looks alright actually not too
bad so here we go everything done just
now but the wilted greens are chicken in
the salad sir
hmm we're gonna have some dinner now by
we I mean this one where have you been
I was because yesterday I told everybody
that I was really tired and I adaptive
energy and then this morning I just got
the world's worst migraine headache
probably the worst I've ever had okay
you got a little tea time out today but
it's alright guys I got your back I gave
it'll some day bonus nobody rappin
blogging I was like are you blogging
yeah I was like whoa rock on
yeah you know keeps the key momentum
high I don't even know what he's been up
to today's and I've been what I thought
you know who knows if you guys want to
see some cooking stuff you can this will
be I'll make sure this has it as line so
no warning yes I told how to say guys
learning the title hashtag as I only say
that's it for today I think we'll see
you guys in the next one take it easy
bye
