good morning Reggie how are you this
morning
fine there's a bit of a mood this
morning work when you work what do you
guys anymore name is today we're heading
to Stonehenge excited okay
two-and-a-half glorious hours in the car
later and we made it
although there's not much to see yet
it's a very gray day and this is the
owners mum pulling your pants up this is
the Visitor Centre back there so we're
gonna go in but ya know I always knew
Stonehenge was like kind of far but it's
just a ha don't know that car I just
really went on and on and on and on
I'm glad we're here and the error feels
really nice it's like quite fresh feels
good to be one with nature and I was
talking to Jules my friend Jules and he
said that he loves Stonehenge and that
it's very magical so I'm excited alright
it's time to get on the English heritage
Stonehenge bus let's get a good spot
just a quick bus journey and we've made
it now we just have to walk a few more
steps to get to the stones it might not
seem like it on the vlog but these Brits
are actually really close and I've never
really seen birds like this what kind of
bird is that my love even these like
they're not crows look at these birds
Wow so honey what do you know about
Stonehenge it's not really much I know
that it is a mystery as to how it was
put together nobody's quite sure they
say it was in the year I just read about
this I don't know pagan time prehistoric
people but this well they think
prehistoric people put this together
and I think nobody's really sure exactly
what purpose it was probably some sort
of like yeah it's a religious spiritual
purpose but not exactly like what they
did I watched a documentary on the
broadly YouTube channel and they were
just talking about the summer solstice
and basically loads of spiritual people
come here to celebrate the summer
solstice and things get pretty crazy
they dance the same they pray so it's
pretty cool I will link to that
documentary down below if you want to
watch it yeah it's really it's really
nice good energy here this is about as
close as you can get to the stones you
can't actually touch them which I really
want to touch them but I can see why you
can't how to preserve its natural nature
but yeah it's very very cool beautiful
and like I said it's just a nice energy
and here is yet another view from the
other angle and look at all these people
I think that's one thing I'm surprised
about is how many people are actually
here considering it's like the middle of
the week in December I guess it's just
like people come all year-round to
answer our question why was Stonehenge
built here it was not the first monument
in this landscape the area had been
important to Neolithic people for
hundreds of years before building work
started I'm gonna freeze it on here in
case you want to pause it and read this
just in case you've ever wondered what
the Stonehenge gift shop looks like
looks like pretty much every other gift
shop I've ever been in just filled with
Stonehenge stuff as then hates gift
shops actually these blankets are kind
of nice English heritage recycled wool
throw okay quick executive decision
which which mug mom wants a mug I
personally like this if it's the one I
was feeling - probably a Grassley yeah I
feel like the one who left a bit more
philosophy but the one on the right is a
bit more I don't like descriptive yeah
which one is your heart telling you I
like this one initially okay go with it
if that's the one you like yeah I should
I get fella don't get both but this is
kind of nice because it's like tourist
mug
I'm gonna get involved you're getting
both guys where do you think I get my
hoarding habits it's my mom
mmm aren't these throws nice I thought
they were really nice
it's me again except about six hours
later so after seeing Stonehenge we
drove back home for another two and a
half hours I had to pee so bad I I
thought I was gonna piss my pants and
I'm not just saying that I thought I was
going to actually keep my pants and then
we got home when I peed on the toilet
and everything went back to normal
anyway so after that I took a 25-minute
nap and now we are off to sketch sketch
is one of my all-time favorite places
it's really good for afternoon tea and
we're going to the pink room and I don't
think I've ever yes I have loves Eric
Eric anyway it's a it's a beautiful
restaurant there's loads of different
types of rooms in there I think you can
have like breakfast lunch dinner tea
coffee but we're gonna go for afternoon
tea I know we just went to the Ritz but
it's like a big thing and I think my
mom's really gonna like it and it's a
bit more modern than the Ritz and the
food's a little bit different so let's
go
we're going to the pink room oh look at
this beautiful pink room mom and Aslan
are having a very engaging convo weekend
cheers to Christmas another year
lucky for me the scones have arrived and
they're warm and filled with raisins
yeah
oh yeah baby alright so we're going to
the toilet now there's lots of snow so
you basically just have to walk up these
stairs there's little pods how weird and
cool so the bill just came and it's in
an envelope made of sand paper cool
never would have thought to do something
like that
oh it's like actual sand paper well mom
and I have ditched Iceland and now we
are going shopping of course you cannot
stop two ladies on a Friday night look
at these beautiful lights mom has found
a sponge thing in the body shop that's
already and it looks like Reggie it's
actually the next morning but I wanted
to show you guys what I got at Booth's
just thought I'd do a quick little haul
so the first thing is this soap & Glory
utterly fantastic foot buffer and I will
say this thing is like dangerous you you
can like just I don't know you can't
explain it you have to feel it feel it
honey and try to explain what that's
like don't rub too hard oh yeah it's so
gritty so I need to scrub my feet with
that Oh doorbell I also went into the
body shop though and got these two big
loofah things and I got one of these
loofahs that's like more exfoliating and
apparently it's made with recycled milk
cartons I picked up a new deodorant a
Mitchum 48-hour flower fresh a new
concealer this is the Bourjois healthy
mix concealer in the shade 51 I really
like this concealer I also picked up one
of the soap & Glory sexy mother pucker
pillow plump glosses and you know I'm
all about that lip plumping and I
thought this one looked really nice and
of course I can't get it with a package
hang on
wait for it boom so yeah it's just a
really nice kind of everyday pink shade
and it smelled nice I also got an
eyeshadow palette from Rimmel it's the
magnifies and
when I saw this there was like a little
thing to swatch and it just seemed like
really good qualities let me show you I
barely touched it and you can see it's
pretty good quality I also got these
socks random hi-cut footsies and I got
another soap & Glory lip what are these
called matte lip sexy mother pucker
matte lips this is in the shade pretty
muted just another nice pink shade hello
I just woke up I know I'm looking rough
I know this blog was was kind of a short
one but better short the non-existent
that's my motto
so that's it for me but I will see you
guys in tomorrow's blog miss bye
you
