good morning everyone I am feeling sorry
for myself right now because I signed up
for class an early morning weekend
fitness class at my gym why why why did
I do that to myself and also woke up
with a beautiful spot right in between
my eyebrows so that gray suit though
great tracks and the great self he
normally has gray socks on to like he's
great from head to toe it's pretty funny
I hope someone gifts that that banana
bite and that wink and that point so the
gym was utterly exhausting for me today
it was so hard I was I know but I
managed to beat my rowing record yeah
100 meters of rowing in 20 22 seconds
you getting faceless master Lamont no
what are you at 17 19 19 seconds what a
pip so anyway we're gonna go to the park
because Reggie has not been to the park
in a while and we're both hungry for
buckets so you know the drill
we're gonna go to the park get a pocket
and probably get some other stuff there
like I think we need some more
vegetables and I don't think we need
more fruit but maybe some more
vegetables I'm wearing the diptych
geranium perfume and it is so nice do
you like the smell of it oh yeah doesn't
understand
um but yeah and also we are strapping
the GoPro on to Reggie we have up dog
harness where you see the wax yeah so we
will see you oh and also we're gonna try
to squeeze Reggie into the new Fiat whoo
I don't know if he's gonna fit into my
car but we're just gonna see there he is
barely fitting in here God
and cute little thing he's doing okay
he's doing pretty well considering is
his first time in his tiny Aska
yeah I think he's like a bit unsure
about it yeah and I really screwed up
was I didn't I did put the duvet over
here but it's kind of slipped off it's
kind of that's alright he's hanging in
there he's a champ we've made it to the
market and I think Reggie's excited to
be out of that car but there's still
quite a few people here considering the
weather today like it's June and I'm
wearing a big coat tank top and sweater
shoes socks yeah but yeah it's okay
I'm a doesn't go right to the pocket
place and get one immediately best food
in London right there happy yeah that's
the GoPro with a go guys it just should
we just see if we can put it on not now
we'll wait till we get into the park I
think he's like a bit freaked out so
itchy
he's a man who likes what's the word
routine he's this is this a totally
different routine we parked in a
different area he was in a different car
normally we go to the park first then
the market look at his little lips
traveling it's maybe you deserve a
little treat Reggie I was just talking
to a family about Reggie and I look over
actually inside the booth talking this
guy oh jeez I'm actually dying I know
it's Jam he's talking about what doesn't
happen get up - that's a question
it's bucket time baby every day well you
probably do know much love these because
they're in literally every weekend love
it I think one thing about London I
always miss when I go away
is the bucket like when I'm home in
Canada for like a week or two I'm like I
need that Balkans I need that ball good
but it's like bucket withdrawals alright
we're strapping the GoPro on Reggie
though to see how he feels about it
I don't think he cares doesn't seem to
we'll see let's see if we can input some
footage from this after about 10 minutes
of faffing around we finally figured it
out dude blue get it dude this is
nothing Reggie's pretty wound up he
wants to go for a little stroll so let's
see if we can get this footage for some
reason the GoPros not working now and
we've still got this harness on Reggie
and he cannot walk like he's refusing to
walk ok it's working what Reggie will
not walk tails wagging though
unfortunately this wasn't working so
well right he doesn't really I think he
feels weird because of the harness
situation so I think we're working it
maybe get him to wear it at home and see
if that makes a difference and hopefully
in the long term we'll see great Reggie
cam footage of him running around in it
so that's the face of sheer disgust
because as I made this copy I made a
coffee but with hemp milk
I'm telling you alternative milk milks
are so terrible for let's move this over
here as you can see it's okay and other
stuff but to make coffee with it it's
just not the one did you at least try it
whoa look at that froth that looks like
yeah this is the older but like look at
the separation oh wow that looks like
something that you could die it's a
mostly it's like a mousse have you ever
seen a mousse Reggie have you ever seen
a moose yeah he's got we do baby this
boy he all right so what's the plan are
you gonna get those jeans on yeah
probably something a bit more
respectable since we got back from the
park and as soon as we got back from the
park i flopped on the couch and i was
out like a light and I was just so tired
I can't explain to you I was tired when
I woke up this morning but like the only
way I can explain is like I just my
whole body feel felt like I'd been
completely zapped of energy like if
someone said get up and walk down the
street I probably couldn't have done it
like I just needed a nap which is why I
look like I just took a nap but whatever
so we're going to a couple of museums
actually museums that we've been wanting
to go to for a long time just the one
who's in one museum with two exhibits
yes just to clarify that mister sadly
mr. Saffy's always got a clarify he
backs it up
you know as Long's been so sassy lately
oh yeah you know you'll all say
something any he'll just be like well he
just gets a little sassy little sassy
meanwhile someone's getting a little
panty it's cuz it's hot
you know like it's not hot but it's
humid and he just gets really hot P&E I
hate the word panties panties panties
penes yes like should we drive home and
get the camera and I was like by that
time in museums gonna be closed we can't
so yeah iPhone footage it is bear with
us we'll get the camera back to petting
the museum right now just ran into a
viewer who actually works that boom
cycle and we were discussing fitness and
how hard spinning is so yeah and she was
Canadian as well which was cool
so shout out to you now we walk so here
we are at the Wellcome collection the
big dogs the world class you know we're
gonna see the forensics exhibit because
we like crime stuff don't we we love
phone stuff and I'm gonna pop in to the
sex one as well because we naughty like
you like and we love steak
yeah and actually for the first time
we're not coming like on the last day of
an exhibit so no it's not that's not so
if you guys actually like what you see
today you can come see it because it's
done to like well till mid 21st June
there's a half an hour to you
okay onwards and upwards next we are
into the sexy time
all right sir body get a little bit of
sneak footage but it wasn't that big
look where the next one is there it is a
seed it's too much sexology
I'm really hungry so yeah out of that
exhibit unfortunately with no filming
allowed but I managed speaking a little
bit of footage I don't know so it came
out or anything but yeah now you know
we'd be doing what most people be doing
at the end of an exhibit going through
the gift shop and it's always nice I
know I find that gift shops and this
museum and also the British Museum
fighting stinkers this is wide variety
of random things okay so we're just
walking Reggie I don't know if you can
see this stuff floating in the air but
it's from a cottonwood tree and you'll
know that if you follow me on snapchat
but there's just like chunks of cotton
flying through the is it actually fun no
it can't be caught definitely yeah you
probably can't hear any of this because
it's so windy and kinda cold but it
honestly looks like snow when you're
walking through it but it's just like
these white buzzes but your head looks
like Reggie's like in the depths of
winter
oh-ho-ho baby hates winter this is like
why everyone has allergies
go-going really lighten up by the way I
just finished my disposable camera that
I got in the airport and I'm very
excited to see how it turns out
okay so I'm I'm chewing a giant piece of
gum so if that annoys you look away now
because I'm doing it anyway we are off
to Amelia's birthday party it's my base
birthday well it was actually your
birthday like three days ago two to two
days ago now but she's having like a
separate party afterwards we're going
out on the lash we're both wearing
trainers we're gonna get absolutely
gazebos Trollied trashed guarded
breached anyway it's not this Greek
restaurant we didn't love for like three
or four hours because I was doing a
voiceover and editing videos and Aslan
was shelling out as well and Reggie was
snoozing so there was nothing to say
there but um yeah now it is
party time and yeah by the way I should
say it's past 9:00 p.m. it's still light
out but it's red it's a very rare thing
for me to go to dinner that starts at
9:00 who's that
sex bomb hey let's do this outfit of the
day well I think you're looking fierce
this is your real true style coming out
today if I was like really focused on
making myself look like I wanna look
this would be all the time what did you
say it was like scientists casual
scientist for casual Simon yeah so you
got your nice coat your nice top these
cool trousers show the zips off baby
yep amazing and your slip-ons
and we're actually twinning major lace
except mine has cotton wood on it cotton
whatever it's cold yeah want to do mine
okay yeah you get up again oh wow oh you
like not looking too bad yourself
okay let see many people watching right
my makeup is non-existent a little bit
of this I'm hearing something I'm
hearing something I thought that was a
million laughs yeah know what I like it
my Blazers from All Saints this top is
from Moretz a but it's actually kind of
crossed with like a little bit of sheer
acting down and then my trousers are
actually like these high-waisted huh
let's see that one's beautiful it's
great
like mrow
as when is so hot right now actually
nobody
we have more singing and she'll be
taking going on right here right now say
yourself is like a family I'm now into
I'm into vlogging you're into it I
usually don't even say anything the
camera turns on and guys I'm from Amelia
Liana but after two glass of wine hey
guys guy and I just followed each other
on Twitter on Instagram on Instagram so
we're officially Apprentice
okay Wow hope he's a lot quieter now
this is pretty loud and man my ears are
ringing I guess yeah ringing yes they're
just figuring out the Sat Nav for the
way home yeah wow this is like 12 its
12th at you I know yeah it's pretty
great wait this is yeah basically
happy birthday to Amelia I've already
wished it thank you so much for inviting
us Amelia yep
we appreciate it we had a pretty good
time it was you know great you know get
down but enjoyable watch TV so 10 and
bullets exactly so I thank you for
getting us out just like I don't know we
hadn't danced in a while yeah that's
true
watching this job I'm sure you guys lol
watching us dance okay she's got it
bigger
how do you make it Drive not what oh
there we go difficulties anyway yeah see
you guys can go home yeah
so just making our way through traffic
even though it's totally fine
in the morning yeah it's pretty crazy I
guess good flight go clubbin and steady
go people go clapping but anyway I just
wanted to say again with a time it'll
see you guys in the next one so wrapping
it up see you later bye
