good morning everyone we're here with
Victoria and she spotted us getting some
delicious pastries for breakfast and she
said she actually saw us yesterday but
she was heading to the gym yeah yeah but
this is our last day in Berlin and we're
going to a pro lot like a three-hour
Segway tour oh yeah I've never done it
before
it's Aslan's idea today I'm rockin the
blue socks with sandals
yeah I'm really growing fond of the
socks and sandals think so
watch out London I might be bringing
this your head back we're just heading
to the underground station because we're
heading to the trip where we're going on
a Segway absolutely I mean I don't know
how to go on a Segway so I'm never gonna
try to figure out how to get the tickets
without friend and head oh you can get
during English down there okay so we
have to meet our segue to a group under
this big needle thing okay here we are
walking around trying to find our Segway
group pity they don't want to find us
cuz we've been walking around this thing
we can't find them there's that big alt
pointed needle where are you said way
people where are you okay here she is
geared up and ready and I'm also get up
and ready
John Tech has a helmet
here they are here are the beasts look
at them
let's go like no registration numbers I
don't know if that's a company thing or
like a German government thing going on
first the first person in our group to
trust
Oh Mike
the fear in her eyes is real okay here
we go so she's petrified but because
what happens first me to do it
she's gonna do it it's grand I think
doesn't help that she's wearing socks
and sandals
now because some friend
she's seg when it is a bit of a weird
sensation this whole Segway business
because it's a very unnatural way to
travel like because you're moving but
you're not moving your feet they're just
shifting your weight so it's a bit weird
there's a stain but yeah it's not - it's
quite pleasant actually once you get
used to it it's goodness
okay once that get that wheel around
take a little insert you can see that my
aunt has a known place because the
German government hiring counselors cars
very odd why are these cars stay is
still to meet her speed for the day come
on it's gonna be grind you got at the
end of the day great laughing somebody
gonna
okay she's earned her seed now she's on
it what is the name of your vehicle
Astro Boy that's a good name
that's a good name I like that RoboCup I
got Robocop s taser Astro Boy you know
pretty well so far
I think how's it going yeah just lean
gently backwards yeah yeah just try to
keep it as like vertical as possible
it's fine take it out the first yeah I'm
getting back on
with hands
there you go whoa professionnal oh yeah
hey look you're doing pretty well so
first huh nothing to worry about okay
we're doing this bump test and I'm
pretty sure she's gonna do it but there
you go she made it so good guys how's
the bump how's the bump it so we gained
delimited apparently air restrictors a
six cloths brow again be limited to
seventeen baby so here we are on the
street now right next to the cars so you
know they're not there's no holding your
hands and nannying about and just put
your right in the danger zone and we're
going off to our first stop trait I have
no idea what it is okay we're gonna do a
little dangerous maneuver by going
around this thing
very much riding on the street
the cause and everything and there's a
stay behind you
the guides our first place I think so
first I was asked where kind of the the
the Nazis but all their books over there
and yeah I'm moving on square them to
gay square number two and got the
concert house and there's a French
Cathedral on the German go through I'll
probably Java could be a little bit
bigger because the Germans didn't like
the French Cathedral being bigger right
now we're going to check point charlie
how are you feeling what the segue
situation I think you gain a lot more
confident
she was widdling
we're getting a little history lesson
this is my version of joke so we give it
a ten minute break walk around
checkpoint charlie
what do you think like that we got a
little history lesson actually
interesting yeah did you know about all
that
Oh Berlin was great yeah so we're gonna
check out checkpoint charlie where the
two superpowers meet so here we are
entering some sort of piece of wall left
and guessing
so there here's the point of checkpoint
charlie look there's a fake little guard
booth there how lovely
oh yeah pretty crazy huh and then like
they would have like tanks lining up
like that'd be like with all the
Communists tanks here and all the
American tanks there like in moments of
tension look at this cool a hot air
balloon you can just take up its
pre-sleep I like to do that now look at
this when I was section with this the
real original bill in room
so we're told like most people try to
escape by climbing whatever but there'll
be like a bit of strip there was no
man's land you'd get shot inside it but
one if I would actually zipline through
like a rope from the top of the building
always to the Sun zipline down and all
three of them made it do you think you
would try to escape look how thin it is
like they didn't want to waste any
material so I'm guessing the running
stakes just be tiny so this is where
Hitler's bunker was like finally
underground here and when Hitler
committed suicide they put their bodies
right but whether at the base of those
trees and like burn the bodies right
there and the Soviets when you committed
suicide too so it's like pretty much
just around there so wow that was burn
like right there
Azlan is doing an amazing job on the
Segway i think you freaking love this
thing I think you need one in your life
you know they're they are fun like I'm
stolid honestly like I know who's like
an obstacle course
yeah like you do feel like quite
futuristic and like Spacey as you're
like gliding along all these people are
walking like yeah like what are you
doing walking get on a Segway
so slight slight mess-up is that Aslan
forgot his backpack at one of the last
stops no the rest of the tour group is
looking at the memorial site which is
back here but I have the job of watching
the segways while Aslan goes and tries
to find his backpack with the tour guide
oh this man this man I mean I hate to
say I told you so but I do tell him a
lot that he's very forgetful but
hopefully he finds it I don't know if
there's anything in Paul I mean there's
definitely a few important things in
there like his wallet
probably his phone I hope not his
passport I mean I don't know I think you
stressed now I can read Aslan pretty
well and I can sense that he's a little
stressed so hopefully they find it
Berlin seems to be like an honest city
so I've got my fingers crossed
okay guys success yeah the backpack is
here don't thank God I know it was
nothing important but my phone was in an
accident and you know what I was
thinking what my disposable camera was
in there as well yeah company but did
that I like I didn't I don't even
remember taking it off you know but
anyway I don't know post they showed you
what this is language the jewish
memorial here to the holocaust and all
the atrocities that happened during
world war ii and i remember reading
about this is really kind of a i think
walking around it it's meant to be very
kind of claustrophobic in a kind of
encapsulating for easy
very beautiful sign Wayne we just
witnessed like that very very extremely
I but I would need to move from
passive-aggressiveness to just actual
aggression like in the bike lane with
his really weird like tripe thing and
there was such a person on his Segway
blocking the way because his girlfriend
had just fallen off the Segway so he's
just like holding her helper and this
bite and his guy this bike was worried
as well like a whole like a minute solid
I said I'm just so fascinated always
good I was the guy he was or
ringing as well like nothing else
hilarious there is nobody anybody in
Berlin you see this guy in number zero
three watch out he will ring a bell at
you responsible for that anyway we're
now the Brandenburg Gate we were just
like a few minutes here so you're very
famous gate probably the the Big Ben of
Berlin you might say you know the most
famous fan mark so yeah this is the guy
I was telling you that the gate was
actually in the no man zone when the
Berlin Wall was up so it's kind of like
a weird kind of historical thing that
was saved but I was like no man zone
it's kind of a way odd place for it to
be her
cool so we grab a selfie also right next
door is the rice Doug unfortunately
think we'd have any time but you know
it's a Parliament building
I know foster redesigned it and it's
kind of cool but what's you know time
yeah anyway let's go back to a group
when he got the killer's there before we
get bailed out okay we've just finished
the Segway tour everybody was about 25
except I will say a lot and she put yeah
Matt you have to take a taxi by the taxi
and then on the way back we almost all
got hit by a bus yeah this bus was just
taking no
but just like merging to the Rises like
segways don't care yeah and but Craig
our Segway guide handled it all
amazingly he said he's gonna check out
our videos videos egg wait oh that's
great he did a great job great job
so yeah I don't know if I could have
handled all that oh okay so now we're
heading back we're gonna have one last
lunch with Edie and friend and then
we're gonna be heading to the airport I
think yeah
here we are back at strong how's that
allez
and there's a guy there doing like an
avocado acoustic cover of crazy by
Gnarls Barkley and it's the funny that
we actually listen to that song we were
driving into the airport in London
throwback to like old songs today and
this was on through it looked like
singing joined the car it's like a song
they haven't heard in like three years
so we're just chillin out at the old
ball sack waiting for head and friend so
here we are with sorry so here we are
with Pat and Ed we're now eating lunch
at this rocker pastured pizza and the
pizza looks great look at this look at
the mushroom mmm we're manically packing
so we got like 10 minutes before we have
to catch our train going down to the
underground and Fred of kind enough to
take us to the training directly there
Fran over there
probably crying as she normally does
this woman cannot say goodbyes very well
know what's going through seriously like
the nicest people ever oh my god like
who is in are they
Wow we're gonna ride this train over to
the last station so that way yeah
actually they hit the win I'm gonna
crawl over here hang on okay so that's
the time when we start and got show you
about any friend we yeah I mean that's
very nice so I said we left after us
pick this up get this off of the friggin
train yeah people we've ever met we love
hanging out with Evan yeah thank you so
much guys for taking us around
everywhere and like spending like 3 full
days just like hey we can hang out so
much in this last day but you know what
if his we friends and Segway all right
so yeah we're just gonna ride this the
thing is like 40 minutes
and I wish I had time to take my makeup
off I'm not actually wearing hardly any
makeup anyway but uh would have been
nice to remove those but ya know I mean
the
can you do that videos down
very very very
any concluding thoughts
yeah
very relaxed laid-back little like
patchwork fourth of the town
I don't know if you can hear me but
we've landed and this is probably what
the eighth travel escalator would take
it's over a lot of these in North
Terminal gallic we actually landed in
the other terminal that we were supposed
to land in I think because we had
somebody sick on board and they need a
paramedic so I'm guessing they send them
to the North Pole to the South tunnel so
we now go to the South Terminal
thank you jack
can we hit this be Syria that Sarah's
still driving home and there's this girl
driving the car exactly like buying the
exact same color and size and everything
and he let her merge and then she gave
us like the thank you which the hazard
lights and we pulled up beside each
other at the light and she rolled down
her window and Jude like nice car I was
like I couldn't figure how to roll the
freaking window down so I was like potty
guys like yeah I make it a lot of
friends and I'm loving so welcome to the
Fiat Club
guess who's bad - right he's excited
we're back buddy back now we're back we
pick we'd be how can you love a dog this
much how is it very impossible look at
your beautiful dumb duty with a booty
