so we in Berlin for day 2 and we're
gonna go downstairs and me frying it
again yes as we're off for another
German adventure I'm really excited I
was just kind of like trying to fix my
hair because I find like whenever I'm
going on holiday I can never get my hair
to look the same as it does when I'm at
home I don't know why different
different stuff and different yeah
different I don't know just different
stuff yes I think we're gonna go for
breakfast first because um we're all
starving we actually woke up kind of
late we slept in a bit today which was
so nice like till I say we slept in we
woke up behind but yeah we just didn't
get like up and Adam like right in the
morning which I'm totally fine with
because Ron halls also in the airport I
didn't I don't think I told you this but
I bought one of these disposable cameras
and I'm gonna be using it today so
hopefully some of the footage turns out
but yeah I haven't used one of these for
a very long time so I'm excited for that
we could not resist getting some
strawberries and cherries it seemed like
in this area that we live in there's
like loads of these shops that have all
the smells it smells so fresh and so
good yesterday when we came here and we
saw them I was like oh my gosh I'm gonna
need those because also it's like it
looks really juicy and yeah here we go
starting with the GoPro look at this
look at the smooth action it's flashing
hello soon okay we'll see but I feel
like I'm gonna feel like an idiot
walking on the street but like hey guys
I did
outside now check out this cool bridge I
think we put this in yesterday anyway
okay well here's the bridge over here
those are the train tracks and yesterday
the funniest thing happened we're
walking on this bridge and there was a
mother here with like a child and like
she was just freaking like just chilling
out with the kids right here having
lunch in the middle of the bridge over
the rails they go oh baby as well so
yeah like she's just having lunch over
some rail tracks I mean maybe that's
like a very Berlin thing they definitely
would not be happening in London they do
really good vegan food here apparently
so here they are already choosing
everything so we're in the other part
because there's the grocery store and
then there's like the place we can order
food and it's all vegans is it this is
an entirely vegan everything thing which
is crazy like it's huge I just think
this is amazing if anything like this in
London tell me but I've never seen
anything I just think it's amazing and
like so many different options of that's
all wouldn't freak Wow yeah
yeah no no I'm just saying like I've
never seen anything like this to this
scale yeah just like purely vegan stuff
like wow it's just amazing and they have
like every type of like lentil larry
type of yeah if it's like an expensive
store or is it like reasonable price or
is this like full food oppose it this is
like cool okay okay so you wouldn't you
like all of your shop no no yeah wow so
cool oh my gosh you know what we have
got the other day
drag them Wow here all the ice creams is
Buju bruising your favorite everybody
says it's the best but bliss is amazing
no no how about that we've all know
maybe we do but we've never looked maybe
Roni and that's wow so cool Aslan's just
spotted the vegan dog treat section Oh
vegan do you think Reggie would even go
for any I don't know I really don't know
maybe someone actually company my dog is
a vegan sorry good friend sent us a
bunch of like you can snacks and stuff
and those are included and they were
gone in like two seconds but yeah these
are like the sweets and chocolates and
stuff crazy this is so cool just don't
re Matthew by this yeah I think so yeah
it's like it has every section a regular
grocery store would have but it's
smaller but it's it's not it's really
cool
alright rec fest is here I got this very
smoothie we're all sharing this stuff
and as it is a baby sweet potato bagel
is it like what do you save me baby save
me yeah Wow okay we're getting a daytime
ticket a full day
Brenden showing us how
put the money in the thing
is it done like magic
yeah there it is
you get it pretty cold out and the boots
from yesterday gave me blisters so I
opted for these pink socks with my
Birkenstocks so that's the look we're
going with today looks sexy very so we
are now at park this is a big Central
Park right guys yep and we're doing a
little walk alone look at this beautiful
canal right by the main road and the
trees here look really really nice and
Ed was telling us a really kind of
interesting story that finally during
World War two people in Berlin decided
not to chop down any of these trees with
firewood because you know they loved the
park yeah the girls are just saying that
check this out it's like a freakin real
forest up here look at this
like never would you get like this kind
of wooded area in like Hyde Park or
anything it's crazy
so we just got to this part of the lake
and these are the boats that we're gonna
go in it's so cool I'm saying look at
that little dog over there amazing so I
think we're gonna just see how much it
costs to get in one and if four people
can fit in one I hope so but this is
amazing we're gonna try to get on one of
these boats now watch me fall I probably
will which one oh yeah which one I think
probably the last one wait don't take it
out when I went in okay so somebody just
get in okay three two one here we go oh
okay
it's fine ladies first got one in three
to go
okay I'm gonna stabilize the boat okay
I'm stabilizing it don't worry me and a
friend are getting cozy okay we're all
in Fran is rowing yes a friend is fine
it's in slow mo right now for rowing and
it's so nice it's a beautiful lake and
it's actually quite huge like those look
like little channels in whatever they're
nice you got some more Lake enjoys
taking some selfies it's nice
pretty sure I've spotted two Canadian
Geese which now you will not be able to
see it all because something crazy
certainly Wow and we found another bird
here which I don't know if it's a blue
heron or if it's a cream that's amazing
we're so close to it that's amazing oh
my gosh that's so cool Wow
reserving the water for its next meal so
cool there's gonna try rowing here come
on action lady you can do this thing oh
wow so yes but it's put them on the
front yeah and they're like that you're
gonna oh wow it looks so yeah that's
good you're doing a pretty good job they
were rapidly exiting the dock area no no
we're just walking past the park and
there is oh my gosh so many little baby
Gosling's hanging out with this guy that
I'm sorry I'm putting this guy and I'll
try to hide his identity but that is so
cute oh my gosh imagine you're probably
so fuzzy I don't know if this is our
train doesn't look like it ran in that
aren't getting on
nice underground stations I think
they're so they're a lot more in common
they're definitely not as hot these two
they're always yeah they're always like
they're like a bunch of kids you know
they're always dead sing or singing or
they're just like madly in love these
two know each other
yeah it's like we leave made for each
other
so after the relaxing boat ride we took
the train tram
we took some plane family stuff away we
took the subway to the new area which is
currently the hip area and we're all
pretty starving the menu there's like so
much stuff together like tons of stuff
you excited yeah okay we're just walking
along I thought I'd try to give you a
little feel for the streets this is
actually close fair we just can keep
cool please okay
area and you can see a lot of little
restaurants and cafes and galleries and
really cool shops I see I see a
secondhand shop over there already
oh yeah okay this is my first ever
Vienna it's called the Lapland and it's
even got vegan cheese I don't know what
that is I don't know what any of these
it consists of I have no idea what it's
made of but it should be good it looks
good so let's try it friend Annette have
taken us to this really cool photo booth
and apparently it's that one of the
original ones done with ink and it takes
like five minutes to develop
yeah the chemicals I am so excited to
get these pictures taken with you let's
go in okay so we just go in
we put the coins in no going okay
there's a hole
oh can I go out and like it's my good
side the good side or do I sit on your
lap anyway I think you so much
yeah this is the frame of the photo and
you could the coin okay there it is do I
get it now
good answer oh it dim blue okay it's
done it's done
don't sit too wet no I just want to ruin
it okay
oh that's cute
remember the story I was telling about
yesterday we just happen to be walking
past it there it is
no more needs to be said about that what
about this taken they're really cute
look at my super super creepy facing
right yeah oh my god but this one is
everything like that
yeah I love it I feel like I haven't
blogged in a while but we just did a lot
of walking around and we went back to
the park and chilled out there for a bit
and then we each came back to our own
flats for like half an hour just to uh
we collect ourselves and now we're gonna
meet back up for dinner but it's
actually almost nine o'clock p.m. 9 p.m.
9 o'clock p-n-p-n it's the time whatever
before 10 o'clock p.m. we saw this
Japanese hot dog please and I'm gonna
need that desperately it's like the sign
was like first in Berlin Japanese
hotdogs like I'm pretty sure that's
probably the first in the world so we're
trying to figure out which hotdogs to
get and I think I'm gonna go for this
one Dogzilla it looks huge
set a place called oil sheen hot dog
okay
the Dogzilla is here and it's so amazing
that they actually have to serve it in a
boat it's so cool I love it okay and
then this is your one oh yeah it's like
there's no web Aghios are like white
shrimps and a hot dog okay let's try
this
alright guys so it is almost midnight
and I'm exhausted I don't know why my
cheeks are so rosy red right now yeah
I've just been editing the last vlog and
uploading it now so I've just finished
that so that's good and I think Aslan I
are gonna go to bed soon he's just
washing his face and stuff getting ready
for bed so um yeah it's time to sleep
I'm very sleepy hmm and make sure you
stay tuned tomorrow because we are going
on a Segway tour a 3-hour Segway tour so
we're doing that we're doing that so I'm
gonna wrap it up and I will see you in
the next one bye
