morning guys it's about 6 up in the
morning and we should have left about 15
minutes ago but I slept through my alarm
I don't know how that happened I said it
for 5 o'clock and have some reason
didn't wake up until about 5:30 so I
don't know whether that maybe McCain
used to the alarm or there's a problem
with my phone but anyway as that makes
the morning a little bit more rush but
we're nearly there
we're on our way and poor little Reggie
he's getting left behind buddy I'm sorry
I'm sorry
oh he loves his morning pet snuggles yes
he does oh ok on the road now in the
mobile yeah she's driving we've got to
name this car
oh yeah would you name it I don't even
know it's so bubbly so like something
bubbly
something it sounds for him ones call it
the anaconda anaconda okay yeah it can
swallow up what a impressive amount
although I have to say it could not the
the boot could not take to no suitcases
now the maxi female bouncer really
initially there's a soul suitcases yeah
sounds like Oh
anyway we are on our way we are about 35
minutes late or so so we should be fine
we should be able to make the flight
fingers crossed all gonna be grand but
questionable with them get any breakfast
or anything there very questionable
Estee is freaking out she's like I'm
gonna need something in me pretty soon
the one thing I need when I fly he's
food it's all I'm gonna say
so really hell am I going coming so much
it's the left
I said to as when I was like I have this
really bad feeling I forgot something
something really important I'm gonna
remember it as soon as I got there it
hasn't like are you gonna be on your
period why it's an important part you
can actually go to the bustling am I
going oh my god okay there you go
merging companies very much okay I
believe us with the airport to a low
point I wanted to make the reason why
we're going in the cars because this is
actually the cheapest way to get there
funnily enough can't we express why so
expensive
if anybody a gallery says is listening
lower down the price is good this makes
it not as competitive work you know yeah
so we're parking and flying Paul can fly
baby for the first time ever I'm driving
there I don't worry about us where am I
going now you're falling this Bucca
wish me luck so figured out what we
forgot one of the things major thing
headphones not a busboy happens and now
on can't edit my video on the plane can
listen to my music on the plane can't
watch the freaking movies on the plane
yeah no oh no there's no movies Shore
fine plus cz here you won't have to pay
for the movies by the minute
I feel like so I don't know if you can
see but on here it says I flights been
delayed till 10:30 which is a mixed
blessing because obviously to knowing
this late but at least now it means with
your breakfast we can both feel less
no without security
yeah I think that was introduced to you
thing where they like broken down the
security process into like really simple
actions but makes it less stressful
- uh
meant to leave at 8:45 right yeah yeah
it's about by Maxwell
thank ok so we sat down here at Franky
and Benny's the world's most favorite
restaurant isn't it and Western route
yeah have a nice table with a little
view look at that happily do that that's
quite rare I think for an airport dining
experience don't you say you're on in
that big time
Yeah right there oh I'm so glad away
from the healthy option with his fruit
joking ello oh look at this redonkulous
breakfast looking pretty good and same
thing over here we are I smell like
we're going to be about an hour and a
half late
yeah
what is my name
nothing else to report
what are you doing and now we are all
the exits when you look it out for
heaven fries we will tip which is to as
they could see if we can see the
straightaway it's probably not
they here
yeah okay okay we'll resume when they're
here and you know we're like okay okay
stay smarty spotted them from a mile
away I have no idea where they are
let's have a look
I love baking we're walking to the metro
station I guess it's called friends get
in and I'm reunited with friends thank
God she was like I need what did you say
when you were like gonna anyway we're
gonna hug I need to enjoy oh yes I don't
hug often but I hug hard when I do but
we are now going and I'm just talking to
friend about the walking dead because
I've exhausted all my options in London
no one else will somebody on it I'm like
do you watch Walking Dead is a real
addiction so there's something on this
camera Len
since about three months ago and now
it's the time that I just sorted out and
get work but anyway I'm excited for the
trip we're here I'm in a great mood I
was in a really bad mood earlier the
whole plane smelled like actually fit
like usually usually airports equals
button yeah yeah
okay guys we've made it we're here we're
in Shauna house I later
Eddie's gonna explain it and friend is
gonna dance well friend dances we're in
Chanel Saleh and the ring bun dance yes
dance monkey and yeah we're gonna get to
help Hartmann right now yeah going to
the air B&B so we just got to the air
B&B and it is huge it is way bigger than
I thought it would be and it is
beautiful so I'll just should I start
from the top yeah bottom here he'd be so
amazing
um okay so you walk in got a little
kitchen situation yep really nice
kitchen it's decorated so nicely I think
it's like a really super Central
European above it Michael yeah it's
really nice
and then you walk through here there's
like some feeder seats or something here
then you have the bathroom and then whoo
I like your jacket and then this is like
the living area which is so so so nice
and she even included like fresh flowers
which I cannot believe they're so pretty
and then in here is the bedroom
run stay sewing with the camera what you
have you up to no good
um is it like this is a Giants home
reheatable I see such high ceilings
basically we're all gonna move in here
yeah I think that's what we're getting
to this yeah and we're all gonna you
guys can sleep here looky there so I
think we're hungry okay just me yeah
that's just me yeah we're gonna be
eating now we're at Fran's place sorry I
was like trying not yeah
adventure has me glass of water rose I
have no hands friend babe go these
delicious-looking cookies and I'm dying
to try one right now
look at this happening right here this
is a major 11 he's loving that yeah no
look at him he's a real he's cute though
wait where girl she's a girl sorry god
dude this is the guy no listen I'm by
the man hamburgers boy
yeah he's fascinating on my shoes he
just wants to say he just love thank you
so here we are now much more in the city
center making our way to get some lunch
yeah Cassandra the dinner I don't know I
don't know what time it is its food time
it doesn't matter what kind of let's uh
let's just say food time for now yeah
apparently Mexican and delicious going
hunger update people we're hitting a new
low as they just confessed to me that it
isn't the first losing steam bath so and
we may have to carry her there yeah I'm
just the temperature has to eat every
three hours at least this is why Fran
brought the cookie so one more fun thing
I notice is that the the lights for the
pedestrians are really different look
look how different that red man is
compared to like the UK's one I hope for
you will see the green man in a second a
plague oh there's a great there's the
green man look how different it looks
crazy small details like that that make
me glad I'm missing this place so here
we are at if you can't read that because
it's really far down a weird angle the
law res it's makes complaints
recommended by some people who probably
know a lot more up Mexican food than
other menos de so what I can for sir um
as well as lemonade which is round and
we're going over there
inside but we just agreed all to
question it it's like lemon bin
you
so we're walking out the central area
now a bit more and the plan is to grab
some beers and go to a park but we
pulled past us like this really funny
store called who killed Bambi and I was
saying that there's two like really cool
stores that's one of them and the other
store is called my smells like
Bruce Willis don't ever waste an
opportunity for a selfie demonstrated by
these two here so yeah we're just
chillin the park ethical nap then you
lovely lovely but lovely little Park by
the by the museum Island over there and
I just went over there had a look at the
river rivers very clean here that's
always a good sign so a few hours have
gone by and I buttoned up my shirt
because it's getting a little cold out
here and I'm actually keeping my hand in
my little hand warmer right here um we
were just all the way over there in that
Park and we were actually there for so
long that Edie managed to have a nap and
I'm very jealous of that because you
know I love my NAT at nap time
but I was really nice to just chill in
the park but the Sun is kind of going
down now so we're crossing let's go to
the island are we looking at the museums
yeah but only the buildings we're just
looking at the buildings we're not going
going yeah it's such a calm atmosphere
here I know it's really nice very
relaxing this is the main cathedral in
Berlin the oldest one yep also me see
you
oh is it nice inside I don't know you
haven't been in yeah
it looks pretty nice it has like um
guess the type of a colleague you see
you stuff I could imagine being like
filled with books Majan how amazing but
probably not
guys my feet started to kill because
we've been walking around and those
boots are actually kind of new so I'm
opting for the socks and sandals today
and I everyone's walking away from me
like we do not know you got to be
comfortable you know and I didn't vlog
this yeah look at my weird hair can you
fix that for him look at that okay yeah
there we go
we stopped at this place and we got a
lot of snacks and food and I did it just
like because we ate that giant burrito
so we're not like starving but snackage
is always yeah you know but we're just
going to go back to Fran and Ed's and do
some chilling hanging out alive saying
chill with the cats catch up you know
hey I'm exhausted
yeah this has like been an all-day thing
and I've been up since 5 o'clock in the
morning oh yeah but um no we're
having a great time so far impressions
love Berlin so grabbing a good time but
anyway I think I'm gonna wrap up the
vlog because uh we're just gonna be
chilling so give this video a thumbs up
you know the drill
and we'll see you in the next one bomb
me
