Reggie he's getting a face massage right
oh my gosh do that thing when his back
legs like completely collapsed cuz he's
enjoying it so much it only happens that
sometimes if you like get them in a
certain spot Reggie
cannot control his back leg then he just
like slips everywhere because he just it
just feels so good there we go it's kind
of starting his tail is so long
terrorists neck Reggie I present to you
the finest bowl of glue mankind has to
offer
guys Reggie just everything ate a fly he
always tries to catch them which is like
quite cute and funny but he actually
caught it and ate it buddy
you're gonna have fly breath that is
disgusting you can tell he's got like a
huge sense of satisfaction right now
he's smiling Reggie that was gross that
was one of the grossest things I've ever
seen you do and you've done a lot of
pretty good things good morning
I well it's actually lunch it's 12
o'clock and I've been filming a video
all morning I did a tutorial for this
makeup right there yeah so that should
be up that should be that should be up
soon Reggie you're drooling all over
your little Richie is drooling all over
with his fly breath Reggie oh my god
that is gross um but yeah
okay we're in a gigantic cab now this is
the first number stays being one of the
Mercedes he - yeah look it's so big it's
so much light room your legs are so long
it's a beautiful day in London today
you'll be able to see that but yeah it's
like actually really nice weather so
you're probably wondering what we're
doing right now well let me tell you let
me tell you this never-ending saga so
that's like my favorite phrase these
days never-ending saga
yeah the neverending saga um okay so you
guys know a while ago I got a car and I
loved it and then I got really scared to
drive it basically uh I just like didn't
feel comfortable in the car I don't know
why I think it was just take a bit too
big a bit too low a bit too not me and
that's getting ready to put it yeah I
don't know I just like that's a good way
to put it every time I'd be like oh
maybe I'll take the card but I actually
know because I'm scared out of my mind
to drive that thing I don't know I just
didn't feel comfortable in it so about
three was at three months ago
yeah about three months ago I sold my
car and I've been Carlos
the past three months and in that time
I've been spending a lot of my life test
driving cars which is damaged cities
anyway like the idea of going to
different car dealerships is like a
first day so like I really give you kind
of actually like oh my gosh if I wasn't
be like oh let's go to a car dealership
today I would be in the worst mood for
the rest of the day because I just hate
I just hate test driving cars just
stresses me out I can't explain it
anyway finally I settled on a Fiat 500
which is actually the kind of car I
wanted to get in the first place and I
don't know why I didn't but it's the car
I've always kind of wanted and I really
like them I think they're so cute and I
wanted to get one so after test driving
a lot I finally decided on this one
particular Fiat 500
it's the perfect color exact color I
wanted I absolutely loved it
so today's the day we're going to pick
it up I'm so excited to start cruising
around I'm taking the wheel baby baby
hey I don't doubt it
you're gonna be the next even if like
I'm driving I know in a couple months
time you don't know the roads so well
now I don't about it and I keep excuse
me not the way I really highly doubt
that but we'll just see how it goes
before we do anything I had pools of
starving so we went to our favorite
least subpar
this is a restaurant and I just had to
add like Oh Eddie I'm going to try
something new because every time we come
here I get the exact same thing five
thanks come today to try something new
but I don't know what to get okay what
do you think of my makeup today I like
it sorry teaching is like my hair all
over my Yolo so yeah mmm
what'd you get I cracked and I got the
exact same things that I thought really
good sounds like he was like as soon as
a waste of something approaches I got no
scope for the same thing okay you know
obviously to get a fake chicken Tao crap
extra pink pickles and I also got this
this is like what is it it's like a man
slushy called Amira and delicious my
holidays so refreshing so good like I
just wish I can transport this to I
don't know where I'm going with that
thought but I just want to have this on
hand at all times is what I'm getting at
I put it wherever you are
yeah but yeah pretty quick that food to
go I'm not gonna lie backwards I don't
know
he probably say the porridge fills them
up because it children up for about two
and a half three hours and after that
point you're starving it's like I'm
never eating today yeah I totally agree
like my mama say oh you have to be more
educated like
it chills me out for like five hours
I've never even think that I'm hungry
I'll decide if I porridge I am starving
after like 30 minutes I don't know it
just like an hour hour somebody talked
about me yeah yeah it's not honestly I
like forage but when I said to out them
today they go because it tastes good I
was like porridge is porridge is pouring
me porridge this porridge you section up
we didn't go to sex it up I didn't do
that it's really a part of the knowledge
for Jupiter the talents ah yeah
I don't hate banana I just I don't like
okay I've never actually I didn't have
said that in the vlog I hate this
Nutella you do with a passion I couldn't
force it down my drone she hates
intelligence anything with people not a
chocolate hazelnut and chocolate
combined is like my worst nightmare the
food is here and I asked for an extra of
the pickled turnips which I love we also
got this dip platter with like hummus
lab net this is baba ghanoush I'm not
actually on board with baba ghanoush we
were just talking about that like it's
okay but it's not my favorite down and
then Aslan got a rap as well okay Oh
hot riding around Oxford Street
shake your eyes I'm in love
I think you already more cut it feel
more comfortable the size of the
everything yeah I mean it's so small
yeah I love it so far
nice yes yeah where can we drive that's
the question anyway anyway you are baby
let's go to the grocery store okay so
yeah it's pretty sunny today is the
interior shot nice little white matching
the exterior body color very cool got
the semi-automatic version
MHP I knew I wanted an automatic so no
oh that I've got a nice big Sun roof
kind of thing gonna fix one on this yeah
woo it's really nice I haven't driven
for a while so I'm like kinda nervous
this constraint okay lights a green
let's go whoop is it just beautiful
hey everybody's out and about in London
town
this is what London is like the most
beautiful that you think oh yes like
everybody's so much happier
yep
so I wasn't long before we've hit the
old a traffic of London you know that's
a cinch but so far give us a little
little review what were you thinking I'm
loving it
I feel so great men and I even like
squeezed into the small gap yeah you did
you cheeky cheeky monkey um but yeah
it's comfortable I like it a lot we've
just got to figure out how to turn the
music on yeah I'm not sure about the
Bluetooth thing I think you have to
connect it or something go you'll see so
we just got home I was gonna have a
quick little drink of water and then
take Reggie out on a walk because he's
dying good when we got home he liked
yond but like screech at the same time
he's like all right we so cute um yeah
it is so hot outside it's amazing okay
so let's go take Reggie outside so it's
much later
well bye much later I mean it's like
5:30 and I've just kind of been putzing
around doing my own thing and I just had
um I felt like a physio therapy massage
would you call it that a sports massage
basically because my muscles were a bit
tight and oh my gosh this guy is like my
favorite guy in the world he's so nice
and I talked to him about every little
thing and he I just I love talking to
people I found out that the other day
that I talk a lot and I didn't know that
and it's really sunk in with me and I
asked this guy his name is Pedro I was
like you think I talk a lot
he's like yeah you never showed up I was
like I just didn't know I just went
through my whole life thinking I didn't
talk that much but uh my point is it's
really nice to speak to someone with a
different perspective on things and yeah
he's awesome so anyway it's time to walk
Reggie again he's like go to his collar
on and he's like um can we go okay let's
roll you pee in that leaf you show him
his boss yeah
oh yeah oh let go he's gone oh yeah the
time is now oh go mascara there the time
is now just after 6 p.m. and now like we
would normally be making dinner and
chilling out we're actually going to be
packing look and I'm really dragging
this on for what reason I'm not sure but
we're going to Berlin tomorrow um what
what we're going to where I hope you
know this is doing an amazing thing for
joannec effect yes yeah we're going to
Berlin for a few days and Berlin was
never really a place where it was like
on my must go list or anything like that
but our friends friend and I'd lived
there and we thought we'd go visit them
and a lot of people tell me great things
about Berlin so I want to go I want I'm
excited to see it and I think it'll be
fun it's the only short plane journey
away I think it's like must be like at
less than two hours something around
that but like that yeah but yeah we're
flying with easyJet's so we only get
like one small carry-on suitcase so
hopefully we can cram all of our stuff
into that gonna make a country
make it count so there's not too many
wardrobe changes going on for this trip
but I mean yeah I think the weather's
gonna be quite nice as well I never know
what to pack I'm so bad at pack I think
I'll pack like a pair of jeans or might
wear a pair of jeans on the flight bring
a cot a skirt I'm really I don't know
I'll have to just see what there is but
um yeah that's all I'll just say you
excited hi sexy yeah I'm gonna have a
city break in a little bit so we get to
visit a new place using you yes I am
damn you I just think - I'll place you
know different food can't wait to get a
good Vietnamese and a good doughnut
that's what you're gonna get there yeah
the famous with the dogs okay I didn't
have a Turkish population in Germany
and they didn't know that and parenting
billing is also very very feel full of
them
Vietnamese please really um and a good
coffee apparently yeah the coffee mm-hmm
but I can't expect it how much better
they can be like in London you know well
because the most common places like the
respectful coffee place like on the
either roast their own beans or somebody
roast and for them they grind it all got
er yeah you know yeah been there done
that
so well I wish you see how much better
it could be possibly it could possibly
be I don't know because older like when
would Scandinavia all those coffee
places yeah what nice and great and
there were just as good as in London
though like you know it wasn't like I
wouldn't say one is ridiculous
outstanding you better me maybe not who
knows anyway unfortunately Reggie with
the long tail will not be coming with us
but oh we just burped but um well things
disapproval but one of our friends is
coming to stay to watch him so that he's
gonna be nice and looked after oh he
just went first walk he was running
around his wife panting and ignoring the
camera but just as a point some reason
she really hates the camera yeah why
don't you point the camera at him like
take picture like most of them II
realize what the hell's going on right
he's like straight away how he hates it
he absolutely hates it it's probably why
he never posts on Instagram cuz he just
hates taking selfies yeah oh my gosh
I've just been packing and then I had
this really sinking feeling in my heart
what is that and I was like did I delete
the vlog footage from yesterday and then
I was like I think I did and then I
checked all the SD cards and it wasn't
there and I was like oh my gosh I can't
even explain to you it's just like the
worst feeling ever I was just like cuz
like it just it's a whole day gone and
then I was just like oh my god I
actually tweeted about it I was like oh
my god I just deleted the footage and I
called ass and I was like almost in
tears but honestly like I can't explain
it I just think I think like most
youtubers would kind of get the feeling
like when you've deleted something it's
just like
oh my god um and then I was like well
I'll try this SD card but I haven't used
this card for a really long time so it
wasn't it definitely gonna be on and I
put it in and it was in there and I was
like that is a loon miracle right there
I couldn't I don't believe it but that's
just another little added stress to
packing I just I I find packing so
stressful like actually being on the
plane I don't mind it's just like the
lead-up I'm just trying to stay in the
zone but um yeah I mean I've packed as
much as I can now and then I'll just do
the rest tomorrow I think so yeah I
think get time for tea I think it's time
for a big cup of tea big ass cup of tea
that's what I need I'm just going to do
a very quick nail painting job with San
Tropez by Etsy just a formula X base
coat and then SS feet top coat so just
something quick and something that if it
chips it's not going to look completely
horrendous all right guys I'm gonna wrap
up the blog now because I've just got to
get a few things together before we
leave tomorrow because our flights
really early and I just want to make
sure everything is organized so I hope
you liked watching this vlog give it a
thumbs up if you did I will see you in
the next one
stay tuned for Berlin bye guys I'm back
in the bathroom
I want to whisper because there's three
bits going on look at my crazy hair and
it's amazing rope
