hey guys good morning Aslan just almost
dropped the camera into my smoothie that
was a close call
I'm in a jungle right now no I'm kidding
I'm in our garden and it is just it's
chaos chaos this garden is crazy I can
only see the sunshine my eye but um yeah
that's on this weekend's to-do list sort
out the garden she wanna sell like
today's been the first nice day in a
long time so we're gonna delete it and
potentially plant some new flowers and
stuff we shall see but yeah I just got
back from the gym and it's so beautiful
well it's like really warm outside it's
quite humid sorry I know this is like me
squinting geez look at these guns oh my
gosh guys did you see that yeah let me
let me properly do it here you ready
it's pretty good as one cause my muscles
slithers would be like oh there's a
slither he says I used to slow there's
not anymore
you know how much I deadlift it today
sixty kilos pretty good for me anyway
just chilling out in the garden it's so
humid I'm gonna take a shower in a
minute and well after I finished my
smoothie today I didn't film it but it's
lots of spinach way too much spinach we
have no fruit so I just put a frozen
acai berry thing in there and a bit of
lemon so this is not the best tasting
juice I'll admit alright so I am going
to lush now the reason I'm a little
flustered is because I thought my
appointment was at 2:30 but it's
actually at 12:30 and it's now almost
12:00 and I just realized that about 10
minutes ago so I was like frantically
trying like blow-dry my hair it's so
frizzy sometimes you just like whatever
anyway lush kindly invited me to go to
their spa and I've never had a lush spa
treatment and this is like something
about I think there's like palm reading
involved and they gave me
like this huge list of what's gonna go
on right sometimes don't like to read
that because I just want to experience
it as the moment comes so I've really
been looking forward to it and today's
finally today so I don't know what to
expect it's at the new lush which is on
Oxford Street and I haven't even been
inside there yet so that's exciting so
if you want to come along with me let me
put my boots on I'll show you what I'm
wearing today cuz this weather is weird
like it's gonna start raining any minute
but it's kind of hot and humid so it's
just kind of like what do you wear the
neverending question alright so this is
my outfit you can see that I'm wearing
very minimal makeup I don't know it's
the same as focus but yeah I just did
not have time CC cream mascara and
eyebrows and then I'm wearing this kind
of oversized army green shirt
the necklace is from ASOS awhile ago
this dress is from a ritzy oh and my
acne pistol boots my knees look so bony
but yeah that's my outfit today and my
water bottle and that's pretty much it
so I'm heading out now I'll see you at
lush okay guys I've made it to Oxford
Circus and I'm running so so so so late
and besides all of that you know my
water bottle well it's smashed I dropped
in and smashed all of the floor and the
entire all the people in Oxford Circus
turn around to see so I was like wow
that sucks so I'm totally over those
water bottles
that's just impractical okay so no more
glass water bottles but yeah running
very late like 15 or 20 minutes late
I've been rushing I'm sweaty not running
so I'm almost there let's do this so if
you're familiar with London here's the
big boots one of the big boots
and here's lush up here so I'm trying
trying to run well I'm not running but
I'm walking very briskly in the middle
of this thing so I've made it into lush
and we're just explaining I'm just
getting the whole thing explained to me
and this is a three and a half to four
hour spa session and it's gonna get deep
up in here today so the first thing I'm
doing is this you have these cards and
you can explain that here so basically
what I'm gonna get you to do is just
shuffle three of these yet and just once
it feels right and to lay them all out
okay
I want you to do is just using your
instincts as much as possible okay the
card is needs to be standing out to your
Morgan Venus so also on this card there
is a word and the word that you chose me
for today is support that is what I
support yeah so Venus is going to be
your planet for today having throughout
the treatment we're going to be linking
back to that process okay alright okay
cool oh I'm just in the bathroom and
look at all these cool little things
they have here I just think it's so cool
enough to give you like a bathroom to
her but it is so nice I can't get over
it so yeah here we go we're gonna do
this I was under the impression that
this was like a half an hour massage but
this is like a full-blown spiritual
awakening which I'm very excited about
now okay I've just stepped into my Haven
which is so cool and then there's like a
bed here I'm not really sure what that
is but we're gonna learn a lot today I'm
very excited I am so relaxed you have no
idea may not seem like it but that was
amazing so far a stage one is complete
so oh I thought it was gonna be able to
go for dinner after this but my hair no
but it's amazing so far I have no idea
what's going on here but that's kind of
cool
okay it's mine yeah okay
okay so I'm just chillin in my rope that
I might steal and take home with me cuz
it's so comfortable I just got my palm
read and it's nothing about predicting
the future it's just kind of like
talking about the type of person you are
all of your characteristics and things
like that but it was shockingly accurate
and I'm just I cannot believe it I don't
know just things that like you couldn't
really expect someone to know like you
can I don't know I just think that's the
first time I've ever had my palm read
and I'm I think it was amazing it was
just like you know even if you don't
necessarily believe it it's just like
quite fun a fun thing to do quite
light-hearted but anyway now I'm doing a
facial well I'm not doing what I'm
getting one and this is all the stuff
for the facial okay hang on so I haven't
actually been talked through any of this
but I like the looks of these stones I
like the looks of this rosy cheeks face
mask which I've never tried and I like
the ones of these brushes and everything
so it should be fun we shall see how it
goes I just got home if you can tell by
my appearance look it I was slicked and
greasy my hair's right now so I need to
take a shower immediately I could have
taken a shower there but I just I'm just
gonna take a shower in the comfort of my
own home but it's great experience like
honestly that was extremely relaxing
because I got my palm read oh yeah you
know what it said that I'm a
perfectionist control freak no and it
also says I love like nothing else I
have a lot of compassion you know like
nothing else
well no I mean I I love I'm good at I'm
a loving person damn it
loving person but yeah I'm a loving
person and I have a lot of compassion
but I am stubborn would you agree with
that you are very stubborn as one's very
stubborn and we're both stubborn
together and we just sit here and be
stubborn
I say a big thanks to lush for inviting
me along to the spa the store is massive
because you've got to go there
it is huge it is huge it's like a
totally different lush shopping
experience ready yeah yeah nobody unless
shops are quite smooth no this is
massive like I don't know what to
compare it to but it's like a big store
is it the night time of lush yes he says
is that the Nike town of lush yes it is
so I'm gonna go take a shower and yeah I
think I wasn't expecting that to be for
hours I thought it was gonna be an hour
and a half and I didn't have lunch so
the only thing I've eaten today was the
smoothie this morning and a chocolate in
the session and now I need food
immediately so I don't know if I should
eat first or shower because I feel so
disgusting but I'm probably gonna have a
bite to eat because I'm starving I
realize my hair is absolutely insane but
yeah if you wanted to try what I just
did it's called the planets and you saw
me like pick the card and I picked Venus
and I felt like oh maybe I should didn't
pick Venus but I was really happy with
it in the end I know my hair looks
insane I just ate some beef stew which
was delicious beef stew I feel like I
said it's so weird stew stew okay
leave me alone okay I'm gonna go shower
now I'm feeling a little more alive so
that's good just got out of the shower
feeling very refreshed and relaxed even
though I just showered I still smell
like the lush store and it's quite nice
Reggie doesn't like it Reggie like was
sniffing mean it was just like you you
don't smell the same as you normally do
so I've just got my trusty notebook out
my favorite notebook and I'm just like
making notes of what I need to get done
this weekend and next week and that sort
of thing I'm editing this video just put
up another video so I'm doing some
computer related stuff probably for the
next couple of hours it's almost 7 p.m.
and the weather is still beautiful I've
got the door open actually because the
breeze is so nice so yeah just gonna do
some editing and I've got my big glass
of water oh by the way I'm so upset that
I broke my green water bottle but yeah
it's smashed and it was so embarrassing
like it's smashed and there were
tons of people around you know what
Oxford Circus is like if you've ever
been there and for some reason it made
this really loud smash I'd like a
hundred to two hundred people turned
around to see what it was and I was just
like that was me that was me because I'm
carrying too much shiz right now
so if you're really sad about that but
yeah I'll update you when necessary all
right everyone I feel so guilty that
this blog was so boring but basically
five hours of my day was getting
treatments done so treatments baby yes
so there wasn't really much to blog look
at this hair though love I'm being like
yeah you know in wrapping the Yankee all
the back in case repeats bad word yeah
there wasn't really much to report
because I was naked removal okay I am
very excited with this darling magazine
it has coming to mail I'm so excited to
see it because my fav person in grid' is
in if I can get this flip to the page
darling
yes Ingrid from this magazine and I'm so
excited to read the article I'm going to
read it tonight with a cup of tea
and I'm really looking forward to the
pictures are amazing she looks awesome
so yeah excited to read that darling
magazine is such a cool magazine I
actually love it and it's good really
quality paper you know yeah you know
that's how you know real good night it
smells nice and this is like embossed
kind of it's just a really nice quality
so I'm excited to read that anything
else to report what did you get up to
today anything you wanted to tell the
world I got to do some more drilling and
hammering which is great like any day
where I get to do some sort of like
weird destructive but constructive in
the end work destructive but
constructive yeah cuz you know when
you're drilling what happens yeah
breaking into you for an instructor that
was beautiful it's a beautiful way of
putting it okay and on that note I think
we'll end it wrapping it up we'll see
you the next one bye
bye guys I'm trying to give myself a
bath if you don't mind I see in the next
one bye it's lunchtime I could not
resist ordering us some salads from cost
and I also got you to switch
