well someone's looking handsome today
nice outfit where's the blazer that you
had on oh are you still gonna wear it oh
yeah it looks good let's get an OOTD
before you leave just choose not to do
this what I'm eating yeah
Blaze's about eating is just such a faux
pas total faux pas there we have it the
Blazer man thank you looks good
Richie even loves it yeah I think it
looks pretty good you know he's earning
he's hearing so you're off I'll see you
later
I'll see you too Richard bye goose I
found your wallet well it's exactly
where I thought it would be in the
sweater that you were wearing yesterday
but I just couldn't find your sweater
but it was up in my study
yeah actually
snapchat kind of saved the day because I
went on snapchat to see what you were
wearing yesterday notice the gray hoodie
and then I was like guaranteed it's in
his pocket good morning everyone we've
had quite a manic manic manic morning
Aslan is gone but he couldn't find his
wallet anywhere and and I have to say he
does this very frequently he's the kind
of person who just has no idea where he
puts things I'm talking keys wallet
phone - anyway he was quite frantic and
he actually left without his wallet and
then I yeah anyway I found finally found
his wallet so anyway he's gone now and
um what am i doing I need breakfast
really badly I've already taken a shower
and this is what my hair is doing
because I just I can't again so I'm
gonna make breakfast I think then
Ritchie's just like you how are you this
morning Ridge we're new this morning I'm
gonna wash your bed today
I am I'm gonna wash his bed today and
he's not gonna like it because then
he'll have nothing to sleep on
renji look at his little feet you so
beautiful
all right gang this is ready okay here
we go here we go I have to use this
okay let's try this hmm I brush my teeth
not too long ago so I'm battling with
that but that's not good I know this
light looks bigger than my whole face it
actually is as big as my head but it's
so good oh my gosh looks like my new
favorite breakfast mmm all right so now
that I've had a moment to chill out
after the craziness of this morning I'm
just gonna let you know that today's
vlog is gonna be probably extremely
boring because it's just like a regular
work I don't want my face going red and
green it's just like a regular workday
like me sitting behind my computer for
like six hours so I'm gonna try to make
it interesting for you let's see what I
can come up with maybe we can just like
go on tumblr together for like a break
but yeah I've just got some anything to
do email all that stuff you know the
drills so yeah and then later on today
I'm going out I've got meeting or two
and then yeah some other I might get up
to some other stuff we shall see all
right Reggie has left his bed so it is
time for me to try to remember how to
unzip this oh yeah okay I cannot do this
with a camera but I'm gonna unzip this
like so and I'm gonna put this in the
washer well Reggie is hard at work as
for normal he is sunbathing I don't know
if he likes it or what but I moved to
his bed over here so he'd get some shade
oh my gosh Reggie you're so hot you're
boiling right now and then you need to
get into the shade my love poor boy I
think maybe he likes it who knows it's
lunch time I could not resist ordering
us some salads from cost and I also got
you this which you're gonna work
could mean yeah okay there what you're
gonna love what is it kale and stuff
like that Wow very green is it good
he's healthy oh good so this is my salad
it's the Greek one it's like olives
hummus avocado tomatoes lettuce
obviously looks really good
alright so what time is it if it is
almost 2 o'clock and I'm just heading
out with my notebook because I've got a
meeting at storm and I'm also bringing
them lots of chocolate like tons of
chocolate everybody needs to try these
Waitrose millionaire bites it like the
best thing ever and yeah I just think
when in doubt bring chocolate I hope you
like it and I better get going right now
but I need a bag for all this chocolate
and then I'm going so I'm just on the
way there and I get a text for my mom
and one thing you need to know about my
mom is that she is obsessed with reading
your tweets your messages look at how
beautiful London is today is this gonna
focus or he's just gonna look at that
it's such a pretty day today anyway
she's obsessed with reading everything
and she texts me constantly like did you
see this comment did you see this
comment and she's always like going
through people's tweets favoriting my
tweets liking people's posts on Facebook
so it's pretty funny anyway she just
texts me that she's like did you see
this can you give this teacher shoutout
so there's this tweet from this girl and
it says I'm a year 11 student currently
reaching the end of my time at school I
have a religious studies teacher who has
really been amazing and a huge impact on
me and the rest of our class and she's a
huge fan of yours so basically her name
is Miss Kennedy and everybody apparently
loves her dearly and it's from Georgia
and Kaylee and I even visited the school
in London called st. Saviour's and I was
like I have and then I was like yes I
have because I couldn't remember what it
was called but I actually went to st.
Saviour's
and I did a talk there which was pretty
cool so miss Kennedy shoutout to you
your students love you which is amazing
and I had a few teachers when I was
growing up that I absolutely loved so
your students love you and I love you to
you because you're making a great impact
on people yay for shout outs to teachers
so just kind of storm and the meeting
was good quite productive typical
meeting times and now I'm just walking
to get my eyebrows done because I
desperately need to get my eyebrows done
and it's still beautiful outside guys
I'm really missing out but there's all
these cool rickshaws driving paths
that's so cool
back home now I've got my eyebrows done
which I'm very happy about
aren't you happy Reggie I'm doing he
cares so I've just washed my face a
little bit not perfectly just a quick
rinse and now I'm just doing the laundry
I'm gonna clean up these dishes because
I've got a lot of dishes there yeah so
that's what I'm doing
Reggie's bed is still in the wash Bowl
it's out when it's wet so I might have
to bring another blanket in here for him
to sleep on because he's not happy I
just like yeah I kind of need a blanket
you know I mean what do you expect me to
sleep on it what are you ours so it's
dishes time all right everyone nothing
else to report what is not just doing
some chilling just doing a lot of
chilling right now I'm gonna watch some
TV and gonna watch The Walking Dead
about it probably have another 10 cups
of tea so I will see you in the next
installment of Luton make sure you give
this a thumbs up if you liked it bye I
don't know why I wasn't a higher sitting
not across from my another but um he got
his meatballs in the end yes sir I feel
like crying
and he also got these fries with
mayonnaise which looks good
and here the candles that we need to pay
for
