good morning beautiful boy good morning
it's a nice morning isn't it
yes it is excited you excited to go you
here you are to go for a walk come on oh
no you wanna play no you're gonna play
instead but do you want to go for a walk
buddy
good going oh yeah good defender Oh
let's take you off the leash buddy Oh
Ricky Ricky GK
oh there he goes please he's a squirrel
but no another one there maybe it's even
calling back
how'd you come in go back go on buddy
God
oh of course
these recalls getting a little better
just got back from the gym and it was a
very intense intense session and I was
like pulling these ropes around doing
squats weights like presses I am
exhausted right now but I went to Tesco
laughter because we need to pick up some
groceries and goose Azen sent me a text
list of all the things I needed to get
because we wanted to make this like
pizza thing tonight
and my phone died so when I went to
Tesco I was like trying to go by memory
I remembered he wanted posada cuz I
didn't know what posada was and I did
text him and ask him I didn't know puree
tomatoes was called Posada I'm not I'm
not high society enough to know what
that is
um but I got that I got the salami that
you wanted to put on it what did I
forget but yeah that's okay hi Ritchie a
few other things I got I love this
microwavable brown rice and it was buy
one get one free so I thought that was a
really good deal I eat this basically
every day multiple times a day
and I also got some pineapple sliced up
because I'm gonna have that in my juice
this morning
um I got these giant bananas okay I I
can't this is a cucumber just for size
reference this is the biggest um banana
I have ever seen in my life
like that's that's a handful right there
that's a handful it's intense and I've
never had like I said never seen
anything as big as that in my life but
one of my favorite I was still talking
about bananas B I thought was crazy got
some carrots
the stuff I already saw for the pizza so
I'm gonna make my juice now because well
I'm gonna make a smoothie I'm gonna put
what we'll see when I put it I think
avocado in there needs to happen but did
you like - do you like juice buddy oh
yeah
mr. muscles show us what you got oh yeah
Oh check out those biceps look it's
literally bursting out the clothes oh oh
squeeze it squeeze it baby okay that's
enough
so I've now just put the juice in some
frozen raspberries spinach two pieces of
pineapple and this big chunk of ginger
shall we put this on oh I might just add
a little bit of this coconut water
uh-huh you know just for those
electrolytes you got someone yours yeah
this is a two-person job apparently well
I thought since you're holding the
camera wasn't what we need to do it
right
America actually uncap it and pour it
just one hand we're in first place I
mean I'm a talented woman
okay now let's blend will it blend most
likely come on come on mr. muscles what
the heck you can do here we go lock and
load
professional meeting it on that
do mine as well round two lock and load
that's me
round two
three-prong mmm delicious I just got out
of the shower and I did my makeup as
well my hair is in its own little after
I have wet world and by the way this is
a little a little issue right here I
know it's like a little irritation um
and my last favorites video I said that
I had eczema or eczema all along the
side of my chin but I said these
particular products helped me out a lot
with that so you can go watch that video
if you want to hear me ramble about that
but anyway I actually haven't been using
those products for the past three or
four days because they're in a different
place to what they normally are they're
not my bathroom so like by the time it's
bedtime I'm too lazy to go like back
down and get the product so I just
wanted to point out that it's back so
the products really do work which is
very yeah I mean it sucks that this is
here but at least now I know that those
products are really good anyway I'm
gonna make lunch now the first thing is
that someone I discussed so I already
mentioned that I get this like
microwavable rice it's just easy you
know it's just easy easy easy and then
this stuff was actually recommended to
me by a friend
it's called alumi and they have a
website I think it's a loony world.com
or something like that Alou just type
into Lumi food and it should come up the
heat my friend gave me one and it tasted
really good so I bought a few so today
I'm gonna have chicken cacciatore that's
how you say it I've never had this
before but they taste really good as you
guys know I hate cooking for the most
part and especially when I just kind of
want to eat something quickly this is
something I can grab rather than like
grabbing something a little more
unhealthy so this illumi site is really
good because it's I think all of its
gluten free they have tons of like dairy
free options vegan options vegetarian
options whatever you want so if you're
someone who's interested in that go
check it out because it tastes so good
it's a little weird I know it's like
kind of like space food but yeah it's
always not gluten and milk free so
that's really good um I just think it's
amazing and I was really skeptical and
but my friend gave me a pack he's like
just try it when you get home and I was
like oh
like that but the flavor is amazing it
tastes like a home-cooked meal so I'm
gonna make that right now so with this
all I do is just snip the side if I can
do it about that much
I've already kind of like squashed this
on the inside just to like get
everything what's the word unstuck we'll
go with unstuck and then you can see
Aslan in the reflection that's kind of
weird um you just put it in the
microwave so there you go as I was
trying to eat my food and it not gonna
happen so I think you're really meant to
microwave this but I just like to make
things on the stove I don't know but
yeah that's what it looks like so I'm
just going to stir this up it doesn't
take long to reheat it but technically
it's already like precooked
you could eat it cold if you really want
to do but I mean why would you want to
okay come on rice let's turn this my
grave off it's a little too tall for my
microwave so I have to strategically
place it and it's always hot okay I'm
gonna have to grab this other side
seriously this thing is so hot come on
ha ha look at that steam I made the
mistake of burning my hand off once you
make that mistake once whoo steamy so I
just put the rice there and then usually
emphasis into one-handed process but I
just put this on top like this easy as
1-2-3 I'm gonna collect the rest of that
and there you have it an easy pretty
healthy meal I'm wearing these cheetah
leopard whatever you want to call it
flats that I got last year and I really
like them they're quite comfortable I
think that got them in a size a bit too
big because my foot just like slips out
I'm just taking Reggie on his little
afternoon walk he loves it
this weather is crazy it's like warm
cold I feel like I've said that in every
vlog i sorry Reggie's peeing I won't
I won't won't film that alright I've got
to make a cup of tea before we go
because it's my tee time and I've had a
cup of tea yet today and it's about one
o'clock so it's been steeping for a
while I poured this in my mug before he
took Reggie so now it's definitely
steeped enough by the way I don't think
I actually said where we're going we're
going down Kia I feel like every vlog
was at IKEA but I haven't been to Ikea
since the last time we went to Ikea
which is about six months ago
like before Christmas time so in my ass
I'm just good asset sense and he says as
one just need to go pick up a few things
and I thought I would come along but I'm
going to give Reggie a little snack
first before we go are we hitting the
road jack yeah also my hair is like it's
just it's not the one but I just can't
take it we're just going to here who
cares right
Reggie's favorite past-time Treat time
he's so gentle
you know ya know we've made it all the
way to Ikea Union Jack oh and he'll
sweet leg so we're gonna go in and I
think this is an in-and-out job but I
think we might walk through the
marketplace I just came out of the
toilets over there and when I get back I
see as when in the kids section washing
this cookie No
did you know that I can actually open up
a cafe somewhere like an East line
noting a shortage link where cafe is
really free and the whole point of is
you go in there's about six beds and you
get into a bit and they serve you
breakfast in bed
I think the idea behind it is to show
off like like ears mattresses that is
crazy it's kind of a cool idea but I
never ever want to do I think he's
really big I read that the lines is huge
do they change the sheets or like what's
going on every single time wow that's
crazy
well what bit of F I think yeah Oh
candles okay I'm not gonna buy anything
useless it's pretty good they actually
they do smell good
oh that one's nice I love vanilla that's
like a vanilla ice cream
mmm so just as I'm like we're not
getting anything useless as in smells
and he's like oh my gosh it's know what
is it peach it smells like peaches it
looks like this on a wave like this must
be the Swedish like dingle barriers
thank you just speak baby
teacher it smells so good everything get
fifty okay we'll get one of these in
time okay one thing you need to know now
before balloon gets any deeper is we've
been obsessed with saying okay we Satan
K at the end everybody's not like South
button guy it kind of is but it's more
like a so okay like a sighs okay okay
okay okay okay okay
we spotted these chairs which I don't
know if I saw these in Canada did we see
this in kind of I saw them online anyway
I love them I think I think they're
awesome like this black chair I like
that this one a lot something fever
comfortable oh gee that's quite a dip
comfortable though and I think they're
probably my favorite chairs that kids
done a long long time
well then you'll be invention so new
stuff we've got plenty like really
sustainable change channels and they
think kind of like super light
sustainable cane chairs they're nice
other making a whole range like coffee
table ah and this chair which I really
love is me this is very this is very
hanging yeah it's really cool
but yeah I think these are the real
stars of the show definitely if I had a
spot to put another chair I would get
one that's the one right the one on the
right I love it
well I like that one too I know I like a
both I really like this botanical
bedding I think that's so pretty
Aslan cannot resist the IKEA restaurant
he just absolutely loves it this is
what's on offer today
I don't know why as an entire sitting
not across from my another but um he got
his meatballs in the end
yeah sorry people like right and he also
got these fries with mayonnaise which
looks good
and here the candles that we need to pay
for approaching of the oh my guys
sneezing I'm approaching the plants
don't I want to get some plants today
but which ones to get that is the
question I decided not to get any plants
because they didn't seem like the best
quality so now I think we're heading
home I don't think they have everything
a son wanted so we're gonna have another
look in the computer system and then
depending on what happens we'll be going
home well you gonna Ikea isn't this like
the other thing you want to do back home
now
finally I know it probably seems like we
were in Ikea for a grand total of 15
minutes oh look at my hot sunglasses
mark every time every time I know it
seemed like we were never granted 15
minutes but we left at 1:00 and we just
got back and it is 5:15 most probably
got back at 5 o'clock Richie so that was
like an all afternoon IKEA situation I
made a cup of tea Oh
sometimes I'd love IKEA other times I'm
just like no no no like we picked
something out and they didn't have it
when we got down there we had to go back
up and check which angle it was in
all this stuff it's just like there's no
such thing as that Kwik Trip psyche is
there but anyway I still enjoyed it just
for the sake of going I'm going to make
a cup of tea now and then I have a
conference call which are always really
awkward because people are always
talking over one another so it should be
good right time today yeah there's like
there's like a second or two time or a
people gonna be in the conference call I
don't know
yeah he'll gonna be just in two
locations because sometimes you get
conference calls it was like yeah two
people in one two locations but anyway
tea immediately and I'm wearing my wild
Fox cat jumper which I love
joining conference ah hi first day hi
it's around 8 p.m. now I home I've
really rubbed off my mascara it's about
8 p.m. now I've just been doing lots of
editing and stuff like that we haven't
even had dinner you hungry no there's 20
meatballs keep them strong I'm hungry
um so I think gonna wrap up the vlog
here for now and I will see you in the
next one bye
I know I said it's a clock it looks so
bright out but it actually is 8 o'clock
that's a beautiful thing about summer
yeah ok bye see you guys later
I mean right a little busy right now so
cute so high stuff what are you up to
today shopping - shopping we're going to
New York next week
ok clean the best hair in there ok when
you go to New York do you like donut oh
we have together going there you already
know what I'm talking about yeah we
spoken about it though donut
