good morning Reggie that booty booty
booty it's just like hell you know what
he's doing
Oh how's it going reg what's up in your
world hmm
what are you doing today shake a paw
thank you
sometimes I just sit here hold Reggie's
hand and he loves it he loves what I
hold it to him oh good morning everyone
today is another day of balloon and I'm
all dressed and ready to go it's about
8:30 in the morning which is I'm feeling
good about that I'm actually heading out
for breakfast with a friend in a
shortage a place I've never been before
it's Peruvian food I think but I saw it
online that was like oh it looks so good
so we're gonna go there and get some
nice healthy breakfast and I also need
to do a little bit of shopping today I'm
gonna bop around but the weather outside
is frightful that's gonna carry on that
song but I'll just stop like it is so
windy this tree I'm looking eyes about
to fall down and it's like so dark and
grants eye is weather is killing me guys
I need sunshine so we'll probably get
rained on I don't really know but I'm
gonna get my boots on get my coat on
I should probably grab a scarf and then
we'll then not we I will be heading out
to get the tube and then I'm gonna get
go to the place and then I have to walk
15 minutes or something and then I'll be
there so let's roll
about to go for breakfast in a place
called and Deena it's gonna be very good
I've heard great things
here's the menu in case you've ever been
curious about what kind of food they
have so we are having breakfast and I
was like what's it cold the way I like
my eggs to be I was like not that got
that not that not that
oh yeah this is a overeasy that's
exactly what I like but I can never
remember what everything is called
over-hard
scramble that's good omelet amazing it's
a very useful website I'm trying to
stealthily vlog in this restaurant
because there's people behind me and I
don't think it's fair to put them in but
what this restaurant called Edina which
is in shortage I cannot wait I got a
standoff Mikado and I love avocados I
cannot wait I feel like I've been
transported into like destination
vacation because of these life you can
probably see up my nose which is
probably unappetizing for most
yeah it's a really nice restaurant a
beautiful beautiful place
what is this blocking I'm sorry who this
carrot juice came and like this is just
a presentation for you right here I love
this and it tastes so good got a nice
little ginger kick to it the food is
here and we both got eggs can I steal
yours yeah she got scrambled eggs I got
this like over easy situation and it
looks so good and I'm just I'm ready to
dig into this I'm so starving yeah yeah
so breakfast was delicious I've got lots
of food in my belly which is good fuel
for shopping day because well okay so
this is why why am i shopping that's a
question on everyone's mind it's because
I have a lot of people's birthday's
coming up and I'm looking for many
presents that I won't be able to show in
this vlog yeah I feel like everybody I
know has a birthday in June or July and
I like to plan ahead for August too
but if I find something like special I'm
gonna get it today so I'm on the hunt
beautiful beautiful shortage I'm hoping
it's not gonna rain it was raining
earlier this morning but actually seems
quite nice now we're in this cool shop
and it also has like this little beauty
mark stand which is cool oh my gosh I
used to use this and I loved it that was
that was such a good product I love that
so what else what else is interesting
what's this so many things I've never
seen before we're approaching labor and
weight and I really want to go in but
I'm not sure if it's even open I think
that guy works there so yeah we're a bit
early for shortage apparently just tried
to walk into Graduate Fashion Week I
have thought it was like a store that I
could shop in and no it's actually like
the graduates of fashion schools get to
do they're showcasing of the products so
could not go in there maybe if I ever
graduate from a fashion school but
everybody looks so trendy and chic we're
just standing inside of
vintage store and it was again closed
everything's closed till 11 o'clock
which is just I don't know I like to
consider myself an early bird but and
yeah I love it look it's pretty late
anyway I was just kind of standing
outside and there was this guy who was
cleaning the windows of the front of the
store named Winnie and Amelia was gonna
laugh when she sees this vlog because
she's always saying that I make friends
with everyone but anyway Winnie gave me
a recommendation to go to this coffee
shop so I might actually pop into
AllSaints
first because I love all saints and then
go for this coffee because I don't
really drink coffee normally but I don't
really drink coffee normally but
sometimes when in Rome so to speak this
is like what I wear every day a
different color jacket this is my heaven
dream actually do have this jacket and I
love it
step away from the sunglasses step away
Estee we found the coffee place that
Winnie suggested it's called Brooklyn
coffee and it looks quite cool so I
think we're gonna go in I'm gonna treat
myself to a latte
I have already damaged this beautiful
latte art but I did take a picture so
it'll be up on Instagram but I got a
latte with almond milk my very first
almond milk latte and it is so yummy I
just had one big gulp of it oh yeah but
yeah that's some of the most beautiful
latte on I've ever seen and I already
drank out of it and it still looks good
it's still very windy outside I'm but
I'm just sitting here enjoying my latte
taking in the sights taking a little
rest I think I'm gonna head to Oxford
Circus cuz I really want to go to and
other stories that's always a good place
to find like cute things for people and
plus I'm on the hunt for some summery
clothes because if we end up going away
this month we're not going anywhere -
too hot but I want to have someone cute
dresses and stuff like that so we're
just gonna browse I haven't been in
there for ages and just see what's
what's going on it feels good to get out
and about because last week when I was
sick I spent like three days in bed and
I didn't leave so I just feel like I
need to get out and see the world a bit
today finally made it - and other
stories my favorite store I'm just
having a little hay day with all of
these lipsticks because they're so nice
I just like swatched a couple of them
I'm like really trying to resist but
they're really nice quality and I also
really like the blush and this blush is
called haystack peony I think it's a
cream blush it is so pretty trying to
resist and I also have this top if I go
into the mirror here this top which I
think is gonna look really pretty so I'm
gonna try it on
so the camera is about to die but we
went what I think I'm so hungry
we were so hungry and we went to we came
to Mildred's for at lunch which is one
of my favorite budgetary vegan places
they have the best food look at this
platter mmm that's so good and I also
got the giant green juice so we're gonna
eat this I'm gonna die so I will see you
okay I can't respect to die but I was
just about to hail a cab
Helena well I'll go said hi and we're
also gonna say hi to her friend who
watches my blogs but the name is death
so hi sir what are you up to today
shopping to show you engage New York a
little bit okay when you go to New York
do you like donut oh we have to get
you're going there you already know to
talk about yeah we spike in the basket
dough Donuts is like the best thing I'm
just like gonna go to New York just so I
can eat the donut why my kitchen
oh definitely like tag me in it yeah a
lot jealous lunch Ellis but yeah I've
just been shopping I bought a ring with
a skull on it what do you think of that
edgy edgy yes so that's what I've been
up to today but I'm actually heading
home to see Reggie so we're gonna say
goodbye so I got home about 20 minutes
ago it's almost four o'clock not even
and my phone was completely dead and so
is my vlog camera so I put the vlog
camera on and I put my phone on charge
and everything and I was like okay I'm
just gonna charge my phone and then I'm
gonna go to the gym and do some cardio I
was like okay I'm gonna need at least
like 10 minutes for the phone to charge
so I went into the living room and we
started to pet Reggie and he loved it he
was really snuggling into me and I ended
up spooning Reggie and falling asleep
for the past 15 or 20 minutes and now I
really do not want to go to the gym
because that was so cozy and comfortable
it was it took all of my strength to
wake up and put on my gym clothes oh my
gosh got my phone ringing it's Amelia
maybe she'll maybe she'll talk me into
go to the gym hello hey yeah yeah
change of plans Reggie got really
excited when I put my coat on so I'm
just gonna take him for his evening walk
right now
give me your Reggie you're excited come
here quick annoys him good boy boy he
always snuggles right up to me as soon
as his collars on he likes a good
scratch you know you ready
he really cool so I'm gonna walk Reggie
look at that beautiful nose and I'll be
back and then I'm going to the gym oh
okay
Gym is done I never work out and makeup
normally I know it's probably really bad
for your skin but I didn't feel like
taking it off and then going to the gym
and coming home and having a shower I'm
just gonna have a shower as soon as I
drink this water
okay time for me to rest Oh bright
sunlight hello Reggie okay I'm gonna
shower and I will return when I'm nice
and clean
tea time with hey that's me how's it
goin easily easily easily my grandma
says that it's actually shiny
yeah that's weather soap anything of the
day yeah is actually nice because when
you think about it you know mmm all
throughout the whole middle of the day
be nice to the motivator but at least
when you get comments like yeah I'd
rather be raining when I'm at home my
pajamas watching The Walking Dead yeah
yeah how you guys been doing you could
see guys I went to a place called the
great frog in London before you think
it's some sort of store for amphibians
no it's like this really well-known ring
shop so I opted for this ring
this is not going to be everyone's taste
but I think it's so cool this is the
ring I'm gonna wear when I'm ready for
like smack downs but I need to like tell
people what's what you know what I'm
saying I'll put it on my finger so you
can see well I can't do this can you
slide on to my bigger technical dough
there we go so yeah that's what it looks
like it's so cool when I have my other
rings on it looks awesome I friggin love
it
but yeah I love this skull that has like
the little ears and like bear offs but
they're also cool they're awesome so
yeah thought I'd let you know of my new
skull ring how are they inside where
they were like wait a second what are
you doing yeah you know they were really
nice this is what I got you yeah
oh wow what's this something just being
cheap milk chocolate yeah well it's
pretty funky I thought that would be
right up your little street I'm
recording today yeah Wow shiipa try now
try it there was a goat milk one a
sheep's milk one made in Brooklyn do you
think you'd like something like that
nice turtleneck be honest was it like
other guys
really yeah do you prefer it definitely
has a different kind of okay and I got
you one other thing today - what's this
this milk chocolate pop one yeah what
cuz you love popcorn and you like
chocolate it's something was it popcorn
oh I don't know
is it like popcorn in making it
microwave oh oh yeah I put yeah oh
that's cool well look can I see this
packaging yeah so this is bye they had
so many cool ones this is by compart
days I never anything you know a cool
cafe when you're not around I do too
cool stuff and by the way this is by
mass brothers chocolate in case you're
wondering try the popcorn one I like to
see your face I'm such a little creepy
but this is what the real one I thought
you'd really like as son loves popcorn
even though he burns it all the time our
microwave is like a frickin lava I
really like you do love triangle like
Toblerone okay mm-hmm oh you like that
oh yeah
so cool all right hello again it is the
evening and I think I'm about to wrap up
the blog but I just wanted to show you
this because I was just opening up my
nail and Aslan's walking towards me in a
very strange fashion but anyway it just
opened up my mail and I have a friend
yes guys I have friends and her name is
Ashley and she makes YouTube videos and
I'm gonna link her channel below because
you must go watch it if you don't
already I've mentioned her before
her channel is awesome but anyway she
was kind enough to send me this little
gift
I don't know why she did it she said it
just reminded reminded her of me and I
thought it was so so so so nice of her
and I just open it up it's this oh oh
okay I'm just gonna spirit back
hello strawberries it's this adorable
cool amazing makeup bag it is awesome
and as you can see it's rifle Paper Co
for the Sports SEC and it just has like
the cutest like beauty illustrations
like this and then on the other side
it's a bit different so it has like that
and then what I like most about it is
that it opens up all the way and then on
the inside you can fit like so much
stuff and it's gonna be perfect because
I'm doing a bit of traveling this month
and next month as well so I'm just I'm
in love with it Ashley you know me so
that was today's edition of balloon I
hope you're enjoying balloon so far I
hope you're enjoying my greasy hair so
far and I will see you very soon in the
next one bye
doughnuts aren't happening oMG I'm gonna
take a take a little snapchat actually
while I'm here let's see if I can do
this I'm low well that's that's the
wrong way there we go working
