another month has passed and that means
we have all finished this month's book
which is the girl on the train and this
book was not really what I expected it
to be I really enjoyed it but um I was
expecting something super super scary
like a real thriller like terrified the
whole time but it wasn't really like
that for me I think this book was so
hyped up and I really tried to keep my
expectations quite low and it's really
not the type of genre I typically enjoy
but um I really liked it I actually
enjoyed reading it a lot and I liked the
story this book is told by three
different people so three different
perspectives and they're all women who
live kind of just outside of London it
seems like they don't know each other at
all kind of in the beginning but we
learned that their lives are you know
kind of intertwined
towards the end this book is mostly told
through Rachel's point of view rachel is
an alcoholic and she drinks a lot
throughout the book she's just been
through a divorce she's feeling very low
it's a very low point of her life and
she takes the train every day the same
train and she passes through the same
places she sees the same houses same
stops the same people and for some
reason she takes a particular interest
in this one house and this couple who
lives in this house there's a man and a
woman and she nicknames them Jess and
Jason I think that's right Jess and
Jason I'm so bad with names
anyway she nicknames them I think Jess
and Jason it could be two completely
different names um and she kind of
starts making up in her head what their
lives must be like like oh he's probably
this kind of person he does this for a
job and she does this all day and this
is how their relationship works so she
really creates this story around them
and one day she sees something peculiar
and it kind of sparks her interest a bit
and the book kind of goes from there
what do you do if you see something a
little bit weird or uncharacteristic
what do you do if you don't really know
the people but you feel like you do it
was it you know it was kind of a weird
thing I think why this book was a little
bit strange for me to read is because
I've never really I got a hair in my in
my eye okay there we go
it's nope it's back where you at hair
where you at there
we go okay it was weird for me to read a
book where the main character isn't
likable I always read books where the
main character is very likable and you
like the character and you want the
character to succeed with Rachel you
don't really like the character and then
sometimes you do feel for her sometimes
you do feel like you're on her side but
mostly I was just kind of like this
woman is just not with the program since
she does drink quite heavily there are a
lot of blackouts so she just completely
blacks out and forgets like hours at a
time which left a lot of holes in the
book which kind of kept it going
personally I am terrible at detective
stuff and detective stuff that's a
technical term but yeah detective stuff
and mysteries I never know who did the
crime and every like if I watch a movie
with someone something like oh well the
brother did it and I'll be like how do
you know that I won't know until the
very end when I'm like okay now I get it
so I had no idea what was gonna happen
when this book ended I was genuinely
just no idea who could have done it so
um that was pretty fun for me to read
through but I was kind of just like come
on like who did it you know I was
reading so frantically at one point I
feel like I was just like reading like
this like trying to get to the end so
much but um I guess that's like kind of
the point of this style of book you just
want to read it it's a real page-turner
the thing that this book gets compared
to a lot is of course gone girl and I
haven't read the book gone girl but I've
seen the movie and so I was kind of
expecting it to be not exactly like that
but really similar so I think that's why
I thought it would be a lot scarier than
it was I feel like this was very tame
like this was kind of a tame version of
gone girl so if you're someone who
doesn't like a lot of like thrill and
gore I mean there still is a bit of
thrill in this book obviously but it's
not really like gone girl where maybe it
was just because it was the movie I just
felt like there was so much suspense in
gone girl but I'd have to read the book
to like really compare it but um I felt
like this was a lot more tame than I
thought I think maybe I just built it up
in my head to be like this really scary
book um but it was just kind of like
scary not even scary it was just kind of
like suspenseful in just the right
amount I'd say one of the themes in this
book was
kind of talking about the perfect life
or the perfect relationship the perfect
job it was kind of sad to see the
lengths some people are willing to go
through to get that perfect life or that
perfect job with a perfect relationship
or something like that so I think that
was quite sad um just like as I read it
because she was just so tied up and
getting this perfect relationship us
humans in this current society we're
always trying to you know we're always
comparing ourselves to other people
always trying to make ourselves appear
better off than our neighbors so to
speak it's important to remember that
you never know what's going on behind
the scenes and you don't ever really
know someone like when Rachel was kind
of like on the train thinking that she
knew these people like you don't know
you don't know what's going on behind
closed doors I think it's important to
remember that you only see a portion of
someone's life and that person you work
with it that person you go to school if
you see like a sliver of who that person
is and you don't go home with them and
you don't know what they're going
through and that's pretty much all I
have to say about the book I feel like
there's not really much else I can talk
about I wouldn't say I really related to
any of the characters so yeah let's just
go to your questions
Britney says three days and two sittings
I finished the girl on the train by
Paula Hawkins that's intense
I actually didn't read this in one
sitting I was kind of like dabbling but
I felt like it quite hard to get into in
the beginning like the first maybe 45
pages but towards the end I was like
turning turning turning the pages
turning turning turning the pages just
finished listening to this book it was
so good quite a page-turner yay I'm glad
you guys liked it is definitely
something different at first I had
trouble getting into the girl on the
train but now I can't put it down ah
yeah I totally feel you because I think
in the beginning you don't really know
what's going on and you're just like how
does this relay and what's happening how
would you have reacted if you saw what
Rachel did from the train window I don't
know I just feel like I'd never really
get to that point for me because I'm not
I'm not stalking people you know I'm not
really looking at the train window and
thinking of this fictional story I mean
if it was something really illegal and
it was hurting someone else I think I
might go
the police that's about as far as it
would go I wouldn't ever like go to the
door I would never like try to get
involved personally um yeah what would
you guys do have you ever I think is
such a creepy question ask have you ever
stopped anyone before loved this month's
buttons bookshelf choice there's really
a lot to be said about people and not
knowing anyone 100% and sometimes not at
all which I think I already kind of
spoke about but it's so true it's really
interesting how people can be so guarded
and just not let let you know everything
about themselves I feel like I'm such an
open person most of the time um that I
always think people are just being
really open with me but that's clearly
not the case so I kind of just watch it
a little bit because you never know who
people are on 2%
should I tell you what the next book is
actually don't have it right here so be
right back I'm just gonna go pick it up
I'm back with the book okay
so the next book is kind of a different
one because I've already technically
read it but I'm gonna read it again with
you guys it is by E Lockhart who wrote
the book we were Liars which is a book I
thought it was just over there but now I
can't see it I mean I need my spectacles
it was a book I really enjoyed and I
think I reckon I think I put it in a
favourites a while ago so it's the same
author if you haven't read we rely or
definitely read we were liars was so
good the same author has a new book out
it's called how to be bad it's actually
hitting the stores this month but I got
an early copy because I have hookups
basically one of my friends works at the
publishing company she's like you want
to read this book I was like yeah and I
loved loved loved the book and actually
if you can see here se button has a
little quote on the cover I don't know
if it's gonna be on all the covers but I
wrote fun sassy female characters and a
road trip what's not to love so I think
that is so cool that it's on there and
this is not sponsored in any way I just
really like the book so if you want to
read this book with me I thought it
would be an awesome book to read for the
summertime and I love road trips and I'm
not gonna give anything away all right
gang I'm going to wrap up this video I
hope you enjoyed it I hope you're
enjoying the book clubs too
leave recommendations for the book you
want to read next next month and I will
take it into consideration so I'm
wrapping it up and I will see you in the
next video
bye hey guys today's video was inspired
by Hank green of the vlogbrothers I was
having my breakfast looking through my
subscriptions and I saw his video it's
called 15 of my favorite feelings and I
absolutely loved it I'm going to link it
below make sure you go watch
