good morning everyone I'm coming at you
this morning from Primrose Hill with a
special guest
maman Hollande oh yeah my mom's here for
a week so we're gonna be exploring but
first we're gonna go for breakfast and I
think the place is up on the left look
at beautiful
Primrose Hill oh it's so lovely so nice
a nice day and we're gonna go get some
breakfast so this is the restaurant
we're going to green berry ooh so the
other day I tweeted and I was like
what's the best breakfast place in
Primrose Hill and Olivia Purvis my BAE
was like you have to go to green berry
and get the eggs benedict so girl that's
you what we did mum also got expanded it
so we're gonna have to worse eggs
benedict here it is the eggs benedict
and mum got hers on toast and it looks
very good
this is mom's first ever Eggs Benedict
it's gonna be good just had breakfast it
was so good highly recommend actually
and now we're going to climb to the top
of Primrose Hill this is a hashtag
personal best moment people get that
exercise in and mums gonna hold the
camera and she wants me to run up there
so run
but seriously it's a really nice day out
today it's the perfect day to come to
the park actually and there's so many
dogs here I wish we could bring Reggie
because he loves this place but we can
just look at the other dogs we're half
way up the hill oh my mom is like this
really is a personal best moment
especially in heels so we're both in
heels but yeah whoa
I feel like it doesn't look that big but
it's getting the heart pumping
all right so here is the view to blue
skies but a little bit cloudy today but
it's so pretty what do you think mom I
think it's very nice I can see the one
hand on it yeah okay we've made it to
the next tourist attractions Covent
Garden which I'm excited to show Mom
because there's loads of Christmas
decorations and stuff like that so we're
gonna go do some shopping mom wants to
do some Christmas shopping so that's
what we're gonna do
we've come to the Covent Garden grind
guys check out these snacks it is so
tempting oh yes it is
but I just went for a small hot
chocolate and mom got a flat white she
wants that latte art unfortunately it's
not it's not the most impressive
but it's kind of hip moms like all I
wanted was latte art mine is so pretty
I think it's cuz mom got a flat white
there's not too much milk in it oh gosh
this is hard to walk vlog and not spell
bliss mom loves Christmas trees
Christmas lights so she's getting that
grameen she's going to drop a graham
hammer later I can't remember if I've
shown you guys Colin garden so far in
vlogmas but look at these beautiful
lights it's so amazing it's so festive
and lovely I thought I heard the opera
singer singing but that outs here so if
I catch her again I'll record it
meanwhile mum is in pea loans and fun
fact I used to work in this store in
Cambridge when it was called octopus
good times
okay so this is her right there I was
like singing
so mom said to me she's like what
perfume anywhere and I'm like always
molecule one she said what's that and I
described her like what it is it
basically attracts people to your scent
so I've taken her to bloom which is well
I mean it is where is it yeah
where am i yeah it is called bloom so I
love it for that reason but it's a
beautiful store here in Covent Garden
it says no ordinary perfume a mom's
gonna go in
have yourself a smelling Christmas so
we're gonna go in and get some fragrance
unfortunately they did not have molecule
once but she just tell me that they
haven't at Boots now and I was like oh
girl
I'll kill one got famous so now we're
still just browsing round I'm running
into people left right center and I
think mom and I are just going to carry
on shopping where's mum mum is staring
at the jewellery
one thing mom really wanted to get when
she was here was a handbag and she's
found she's found one that she's
obsessed with can tweet it 29.99
grabbing everything mom loves TJ max mom
and I have arrived at five guys and
we're both like kind of hungry and I was
like you want to have a burger she's
like hell yeah so that's where we're
going
they say the first bite is the greatest
oh yeah baby
so I'm back home now just needed to do
some work I'm uploading a video that's
going to be up tonight with my friend
Lucy moon it's a femme talk so go head
over to my main channel and check that
out if you want to see it by the way I'm
really into this t-shirt I got it from
Urban Outfitters I really like it I
think it's very mystical and it's a goal
um anyway so I'm just going to do this
and I'm going to take Reggio in a few
minutes and then later on tonight we
have afternoon tea which we're not
actually having in the afternoon we're
having it at 7:30 p.m. but we're going
to the Ritz because I feel like my mom
would just like die for afternoon tea at
the Ritz so we really wanted to take her
there what's up hello
let's go Mike home what have you been up
to you're sitting in a very this is
interesting
x-rated ladies watch out what have you
been up to you got an old package today
didn't you package have a package I got
a package and uh see you guys now I've
been redoing my laptop computer
situation and when I got home I was
really excited so I got a text was like
I stay your iMac has been delivered I
was like yes because I was really like
wanting one for a long time and all this
stuff and I get home and as I had
already taken it out of the box well
this is a thing okay and set it up for
me like normally si isn't into tech
stuff and you know you don't really care
about that stuff at all so I thought oh
I just live I was like was gonna let's
get it out of the box quickly set it up
so when you come home you can have it
right there then see if you like it yeah
like I know you'd like totally mint
wealth like you know set it up for me
and like I know that's stupid like a
super nice thing to do but at the same
time I'm like I just kind of wanted to
get that new iMac sent out of that box I
mean there is a specific new Mac sent
you that was this and you got to enjoy
that alone the box is right out of the
edge you want me okay steady yeah I want
this sent here we go
let me send you baby what does I'm
accent let me oh yeah oh yeah actually I
do have it you really smell it I love it
and I love it
Aslan is just oh hang on I refer on this
Reggie's hair I can't get it out
oh shoot went right in the inside anyway
as was just telling us how he's going to
be getting all of the free sandwiches
well he can they're not you pay once but
it's free refills if you want to call it
that oh yeah that's all you can eat
sandwiches at the Ritz basically is what
is what - any cakes as long as we can
see I'm okay yeah mom is getting the
cake refills I'm getting the tea refills
okay yep so we're good Reggie is gonna
be so depressed when we leave I'll sneak
back a couple sizes in put them in my
purse anyway so that's why I've got a
little more dolled up I even did my
eyeliner tonight which is a very rare
occasion for me these days but I think
it looks nice and I took a shower I'm
feeling rejuvenated oh look at him hmm I
like that was so different about you
yeah yeah I think so I love it and my
hair straight does it look bad no this
is like a nude look this is like well
simple yet edgy right so anyway let's go
before we're late and someone takes her
here we are at the Ritz and it is very
well lit up lit up a little bit like a
beautiful and festive building two
gorgeous ladies are you guys excited
let's go
so I met Lulu hey God and this is like
is a vlog but I'm so behind you gotta go
catch up from ready yeah where did you
come from
oh we're just finished fun or boring
it's great
it's so busy oh just because I love
vlogging in these some reason I just
enjoy Gera so here's the entrance whoa
link up a big Christmas tree very cute
here oh wow this is a very Christmassy
in here guys
this is Christmas central very festive
I believe we check in somewhere over
here guys have been told off already
because apparently we need a tie in here
though it's just jacket
okay time let me try and rabbit I'm so
got a tie tie that now maybe guys here
see
I mean this is of course is just an
Oxford not really meant for a time so
this looks horrendous but yeah rules are
rules
okay so I'm tied for your pleasure thank
you
miss me beautiful slipped from under you
about the situation so this is the setup
we have and I said to mom this is when
you know you're in a ritzy haha no pun
intended place because they have an
actual sugar grabber
Oh
bring champagne
champagne is here the bubbly is flowing
and we also have our personal food
lovely sandwiches and pastries on top
as stay has busted out the scones
scarrans ask on spoon I think it's gone
what's good real judgment about the foot
cream than Jam general cream just cream
just jam
I think cream then jam don't you think I
just kind of go oh whoa
you nasty look at this dais just for
reference my hand and look how small
that's so cute and it's warm
oh my god you traitor
Oh kitchen we have finished with the
very little turn in T its kind of
afternoon tea dinner situation it was
lovely wasn't it yeah it was really good
very nice ambiance with the really close
that's great very nice ambiance with
require it was it was lovely they are
setting up again this this time there
again with the cello
there were very very nice Christmas tree
here play it's all decorated very
beautiful bye-bye thank you rich lovely
to be here and let's go through
revolving doors my favorite my favorite
good okay in the same one oh oh my god
oh my god oh my god so we are back home
now the lovely lovely experience very
enjoyable always at the Ritz Livia I do
my top button little for hey gasps
excuse me let me go many - oh my god -
maybe three not three I stays like no
please um so guess what guess what I
stowed away in my jacket pocket
buy a little sandwich Ferengi so let's
see I think a whole sandwich is a little
too much so I'm going to cut it in half
for him so here is Reggie's favorite
little cheese sandwich oh oh this is
you're pretty happy with that are you
happy with that
yes yeah fleepy psi just got a little
shot of your skirt being undone I have
there's a minor glimpse of it just that
was a lot of fun this is the thing about
afternoon tea don't ever be fooled into
thinking it's a light snack meal sort of
thing today there's a lot of food and
they keep it feeding it - you're like
busting so I mean if I feel like maybe
if you can spend like five hours in
there and crime in perhaps like three
meals it would be good value for money
you know it's a treat it's a treat
exactly and it's perfectly nice at
Christmas it is very personal snacks all
right nice sweet return we'll see you in
the next vlog this bye okay guys real
tired now so uh guess what's your the
next runner but I'm hoping mom and dad
give me the Filipino sandwich because I
know what's that smell it could smell it
with my nose that's what's so huge
it's for smelling better goodbye
you
