you know how they say couples start
dressing like one another no that's us
right now man she sucks baby oh yeah
juicing time
so what I like to do is juice certain
things first in the juicer i've got this
philips juicer which i think is really
good and just because I find I've tried
blending them and I just don't like
really like a texture so I juice the
carrots and apples and then I juice the
lemon and then I put spinach in and then
depending on what other vegetables we're
actually really low on vegetables right
now so I'm just gonna leave it as that
and I'm also gonna add some frozen
raspberries because they just add a
little bit of sexiness you know
okay then once everything's in this Cup
it has this leg thing on it with a blade
inside you just press it down and you
can actually lock it into place
I just got ready and did my hair and
makeup which is very unlikely for a
Sunday but I just kind of felt like it
because we have you know this rain is
really ruining all of our plans because
we had planned to garden today and we
had plans to go to the car boot sale
today but it's pouring rain again but I
think we still might go to carpet sale
because I'm looking for something in
particular but right now as one's
helping me set up for the selfie stick
because I'm gonna take a selfie you know
how it goes but I'm just cleaning the
juicer and the nutribullet and I just
wanted to say I wanted to talk about the
nutribullet this bad boy right here I've
heard of the nutribullet many times
before and I was talking to a couple of
my friends about it and I was like I
really want this nutribullet I don't
know I just wanted I heard it was really
good and the blender that we have was
really hard to clean and it's just a big
mess and I feel like this could be
better and my friends were so nice and
got it for me and I couldn't believe it
it was like not for any special occasion
they just decided to get for me and I
felt like really loved up because of
that I felt anyway every time I make
something like this think of them but um
I love the nutribullet if you are
looking for like a blender like a
smoothie type of thing I highly
recommend the nutribullet because it's
small it's not as big as the other ones
and it works extremely well and it's
easy to clean and it comes with the cops
like you make the smoothie and it's
already in the cup so it's just like
less dishes I just love it so yeah
that's pretty much a lot to say about
that so I'll let you know once we decide
to go anywhere because this gray day is
just making us sad so we'll let you know
we're braving the weather oh there's a
spot on this button so yet again or is
that the light I don't know you see that
oh no it's God we've made it we've
braved the weather and stopped raining
for now but who really knows nobody can
see that yeah so we're at okay
they say we're at the Pimlico car boot
sale and the reason I'm here is because
I'm looking for a nice potentially gold
gilded mirror it's a very specific
request but I'm hoping I might be able
to find it I'm also looking for some
pots to put my plants in and a cacti in
and yeah so hopefully we can find
something okay we've just been walking
around and unfortunately I cannot find a
mirror anywhere but we did find one
thing that actually has one spotted can
you show it this cute little toast
holder but it's kind of legs like yeah
but I'm not gonna put toast in it I'm
gonna use it in my for beauty purposes
there's no way Bowl you ceramics fans
out there I love it so yeah I don't
think they're gonna be any mirrors and
plus it's like kind of dead here today
like you can see we've been here before
and usually gives extols everywhere but
it's just horrible weather so I don't
think we're gonna be finding anything
too incredible today like sighting times
so it's not going to be doing one on
Saturday not just in exact dates but at
a different location yeah so that's good
check this out 10 years of YouTube
there's Salad Fingers I don't know what
that purple thing is yeah I don't know
so we've come to Soho because as Ann and
I are starvin Marvin and we're going to
get ramen now I know there's gonna be a
lot of people saying se I thought you
were on your gluten-free dairy-free
egg-free wonderful things wonderful
adventure and to that I say for the past
two weeks I have been doing that about
90 percent of the time I've actually
shocked myself at how some other road
I've shocked myself at how well I've
been doing well you know when you're on
a wonderful adventure sometimes you take
like rest breaks because you can't go I
understand on the wonderful event let's
take the rest yeah I mean I've been
trying my hardest but like days like
today I just it's not it's not my in my
lifestyle to be able to delight restrict
myself so much so I've really limited it
and I I already feel so much better in
the way I can describe it is that I feel
lighter in my body lights are in the
body doesn't quite make sense but
stomach wise like I don't feel my
stomach whereas before I felt every
little gurgle that was going on in there
not to get too TMI but uh yeah so that's
that's the truth about that hope you can
understand it's my body and sometimes my
body my choice and sometimes my body
needs a bit of gluten you know
Oh gluten I didn't know how much I loved
you we're walking past this store called
folk which a son really likes and I'm
just laughing because these sandals he
used to laugh at people who were these
sandals like usually it was like
people's parents like people dads would
wear these but now it's back in fashion
are you gonna get a pair you must about
me I don't like sandals not a big fan of
it he's not a sandal man as one got
these like things they're like I can't I
don't I don't know but I just can't
believe it's like the whole thing I'm
just throwing them back like it's
another day like that you can see like
the head nervous ah okay okay
and by the way this actually turns out
to be gluten free so I'm in the clear
people I'm in the clear for this one
I have no idea what these are but they
look delicious it's not a place called
cutter and squidge in Soho it's a pop-up
looks really good donuts aren't
happening oMG I'm gonna take a take a
little snapchat actually while I'm here
let's see if I can do this I'm low well
that's that's the wrong way there we go
oh yes
my story by the way I think I forgot to
vlog it but that police was called
crosstown donuts sorry there's rain all
of his books but yeah
crosstown donuts and I cannot wait to
get home and have a bite just like that
right Reggie's getting another walk he
loves to be off the lead we only take
him off when it's like secure enough to
but he's getting quite good at his
recall which is good so I can't whistle
but if Aslan whistles he usually comes
which is good so it's about five o'clock
now and Reggie is still eating his
dinner he's eating a lot tonight isn't
he hungry boy boy boy so awesome and I
just enjoying a quick cup of tea again
and then I think I'm gonna just quickly
try to like tidy up my makeup and fix my
hair a bit because I was rained on all
day and I'm gonna film a video which I
was inspired to do by another youtuber
which I'm not gonna tell you but I'm
also going to tag five of my favorite
ladies and those people are Megan ranks
my friend Fran Ingrid Zoe Claire that's
five already and I also tagged Amelia so
technically I'm taking six people it's
not really a tag but I want to see these
people do this video so tell them when
the video goes up to do the video if you
want them to do it I mean I'm not
forcing anyone but I'm just saying I
think it would be good so if I can get
the strength to spruce myself up and get
my lights out because it's pitch-black
outside I will be filming in a bit
filming complete now it's time to edit
all right so I just finished tidying up
the kitchen a little bit and I think I'm
gonna wrap it up here for now because I
have four videos to edit including this
vlog so I've got to get my editing Capel
and I'm gonna give myself a face mask
and take this makeup off which I'm very
much so looking forward to okay so I'm
gonna wrap up this vlog I hope you
enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next
one very soon bye so we're just picking
out some toilet paper because we use
toilet paper and yeah I do I do and I
was like oh well they were out of our
usual kind we have like a normal kind
