hi guys I see button here coming at you
with a blog that's right people view um
it is before balloon technically yes it
is but it's the end of May and I wanted
to start balloon a couple days early to
make sure that I'm on top of things does
that make sense
ease you into it ease us right away I
don't do it um but yeah today I'm not
actually vlogging but I thought I'd
start the blood this evening because I'm
going out tonight part a and as you can
see a garden I think I've got a cute
outfit or I feel confident in saying
that taking your booty look damn fine
I'm a dress Wow does here to hear the
first folks my booty looks damn fine
no but seriously I'm going out tonight
this evening so I'm gonna vlog a bit of
tonight and then I'm gonna vlog tomorrow
as well so technically what you're
seeing right now is a bit of a bonus but
um yeah so I'm going out for a nice
dinner it is 6:30 right now and I've got
to be there for 7:30 like this is the
craziest thing dinner starts at 7:30
that's not the way that we do it we like
to have dinner about 5:30 finish eating
6:00
yeah like for reals so I'm pretty pretty
tired as you can hear my voice is still
a bit weird but I feel like it's in a
sexy stage right now where it still kind
of sounds a bit like Scarlett Johansson
yeah
I personally like it a little bit sexy
gruff to it sexy growth um but anyway
yes so as some of you know I feel like I
don't know maybe some of you know maybe
some of you don't I am a part of storm
which is really cool and storm also has
Oh Ritchie just yawn - big yawn just EQ
under videos you um whilst more that's
all sorry yes go on go on
whilst with a topic of Reggie look what
I got
a little selfie stick and you know why I
got this because one reg is like
sleeping I don't like to disturb just in
case he bites my face off so I got the
selfie stick so I can get in up close
pictures of Reggie whilst he's sleeping
for his Reggie button Instagram I'll
insert a couple because right now Ellen
took some major class I've never seen
such high def shot of his little snag
lers on the bottom okay like that you
can see everything you can see the
little brown decaying edges it's
beautiful anyway um yeah so storm also
has this division this division called
storm vision and it's kind of like their
digital the digital part of storm
because a lot of people know them for
like their models like Cara Delevingne
Kate Moss just to name a couple who you
might recognize but yeah they also have
like a digital division so tonight the
digital division called storm vision are
going out on the town we're going party
him I guess but we're going for dinner
and then we're going to this bar
afterwards and I think there's like an
amazing view of London I think I said
that in the last vlog I went I saw an
amazing view of London but I didn't i
think at the london ER when you get to
see a good view of london it's just it
it feeds you in a way you know what I'm
saying mm-hmm
never mind yeah he feeds you in a
beautiful way right okay anyway Emilia
has just texted me saying can you show
me a pic of your outfit because
obviously we need to discuss every last
minor detail yeah we love to do that
outfit okay I'll do an outfit of the day
like in this video once I gotta go signs
across the road it wasn't it was looking
a little hectic before but I think we're
good now Emilia okay we've got to try to
cross the road to bloggers can they do
it
so guys I've made a new friend named
Jules and Jules tell them what you do
and you just told the Emilia slug
and I'm like okay she's freaking out
this is going to be orange I mean I will
be sexist that I ever doubted you I
already believe it
Mico down okay just got home now it's
almost midnight
yeah well actually this is the latest
you've ever stayed up el solo I think
like without you yeah yeah we not had a
good time it's a good time whatever your
life but just enough yeah
I'm sure you've probably set up pause 9
o'clock before that's 9 o'clock here I
know it was a good night um oh my gosh
oh my gosh um you know what we're doing
a spray tan tan party and you're invited
I'm not here knowing if it acts what I
okay before issues ventures anything I'm
not involving this asshole so don't I
like tell you that cuz you know what
thanks you know what Jules the spray tan
guy calls it what the truth booth
there's truth booth blonde truth there's
something like that he's so funny
why what does it all comes out in the
tanning booth ready
apparently I've never had it went on
yeah but you spill your emotions
every time you say Jules oh I'm really
thinking about this this what do you
think I should do he's like Shh well as
like I think you need to get it done I
need to experience it I needed tanning
booth session yeah anyway as you may
hear I was starting to lose my voice and
I started coughing all over people and I
was like you know what no I gotta go
because this is disgusting so p-set so
anyway I'm gonna wrap it up for now I'll
see bright and early tomorrow morning
I've got to go to the gym and that's all
I have to say I'm really not looking
forward that yeah forget is you tomorrow
morning
yeah oh you don't even fully over time
we'll see we'll see how I feel anyway if
I don't do well I'm not going simplicity
anyway wrap it up see you tomorrow
I have a spot on my nose great he's got
a text and it's from Amelia saying I
can't go on I had a really good time
last night I think Amelia did too but I
kind of like woke up this morning
thinking what did I even say last night
what did I even do I wasn't drinking or
anything but when I woke up I was just
kind of like had this like haze and I
was like what day is it what day of the
week is it everything but uh yeah and
even the cab driver told me last night
that Thursday's the new Friday which
apparently you know if you're interested
Thursday's a new Friday I'm eatin a
banana and I'm gonna head to the gym so
that should be fun um and then today we
will see what I get up to because I
really want to go to Notting Hill
because I'm kind of looking for a few
things I don't know I'll go into detail
about that if I do actually end up going
and I also wanted to film two videos but
my voice is still kind of like scratchy
scratchy but I think I'll just roll with
it because some people say it sounds
like Scarlett Johansson so I'm just you
know I'm happy with that if I can have
like two videos where I sound like
Scarlett Johansson I think that's so
pretty good so yeah I'm going to go to
the gym let's power through this
together
uh so it's a little bit later and I
mentioned earlier that I wanted to go to
Portobello Road market but it is pouring
rain
I'm so sad because I really wanted to go
and like have a nice day out but it's
not gonna happen I'm not gonna wander
around like it's not just like kind of
raining it is pouring like you'd be
soaked so I decided to film two videos
today instead so I'm gonna film a Q&A
and I'm also gonna film the newest book
club video so that's good I can do that
and I'm wearing the same sweater I wore
last night because I really liked it I
got so many compliments on it and I
thought I'd wear it and I'm also wearing
yoga pants there you go outfit of the
day cute sweater with yoga pants and
bare feet
holla so yeah I'm going to make a cup of
tea because my voice is probably not
going to last and
is my finger on the microphone no and
then I'm gonna get filming I think gonna
film it in this chair kind of a
different setup but I think gonna film
in this chair uh yeah nothing report
just painted my nails I don't know if
I'm feeling this color and off it's kind
of nice it's by Deborah Lippmann it's
called shifting sands you can see that
if this is gonna focus a hand looks huge
but yeah I did a very quick kind of
messy job anyway filming time there's my
filming setup just finished off there's
my laptop there's my camera
there's my microphone i sat there that's
some boring pointless information for
you and as you can see I'm in a
different top this is from a sauce by
the way from monkey all right so my
voice is pretty much stripped and I need
to just like pipe down a little bit so
I'm going to get a cozy sweater on
because it's just now freezing at this
weather is very unpredictable it's
almost you it's June it's basically June
and it's still not hot I don't know but
um yeah so I'm gonna get into something
more comfortable and then we'll see what
we get up to it's lunchtime
yay we're both really hungry so we had
these meatballs that as I made and I
thought I would have them for lunch
right meatballs all around for everyone
it may look a little slightly unpleasant
but it is gonna be good and I put it on
a bed of brown rice because I love brown
rice and gonna keep me going all day
long look at this one what yeah
oh I love brown oh yeah whenever I say
that people think I'm like being
sarcastic but I actually prefer brown
rice to white rice I just like to yeah
apparently like that's the thing nobody
really likes brown rice as much as white
rice but I love it I just walked Reggie
and I made a quick cup of tea with oat
milk by the way I'm loving out milk I
think I like oat milk more than almond
milk goose oh I think I like oat milk
more than almond milk oh I think you
probably do you know what we cook the
other day that he's laughing
alternative milks what some hemp milk
yes we did let's get high on hemp milk
just kidding don't get high off hemp
milk
I think it's whiskey possible well we'll
see I want to try out you know one day
in fact what we should do is a blind
taste test of like oat milk almond milk
uh may I see you can tell the difference
Wow what Sadow's is exactly the company
when you said that let's have a milk
taste test I would definitely be able to
whenever we there was let you remember
the Pepsi challenge they said that she
could always tell through Pepsi and Coke
I'm like huh I could do it today I could
do it any damn day of the week you just
tell me I'll do it
I see the height was you long as camera
is like the least got because I can't
like full up because I'm resting my
elbow on the table if you can stay get
it I'm gonna squat yeah there we go
Richie Richie what are you doing you
just had a walk you just had a water
you're not gonna steal my life to get
like you did the other day are you told
no Reggie stole my lunch right off the
table the doorbell rang and I turned
around and there was Reggie gobbling up
my sake
but I couldn't be mad at so cute listen
that rain
check this out hair mayonnaise that's
what it's actually called
yeah oh wow that's gotta be good so in
Tesco I had to go pick up a prescription
at the pharmacy and the girl working
behind the counter there she wasn't the
pharmacist but she was working there her
name is Joey she's like oh my god I
watch your videos so hi Jenny
idea she was so nice they're cute I just
wanted to say hi um but yeah it was
quick funny and all of like her the
people she was working with you're like
what is happening yeah um so yeah just
gonna continue shopping in the grocery
store so we're just picking out some
toilet paper because we use toilet paper
and what you started yeah I do I do and
I was like oh well they were out of our
usual kind we have like a normal kind
and I said I was like oh why don't we
try this new kind he's like no I like to
stick to up my anus nose and there's
like all these people are out I'm like
you need to stick with your anus nose
Wow don't you like to switch it up no
are you I I don't like any surprises
around that area zero surprises it's too
far too far TMI okay I'd like to browse
laundry detergent I don't know why I
just find it very interesting I love
fairy that's one of my faves fairy when
I first moved to the UK I used to eat
these all the time I was addicted to
these chicken dippers
and this year yeah I used to eat these
and chicken frozen chicken dippers I've
come a long way I want but I used to
think this was like the best thing ever
no way I love
microwavable brown rice good times
party on
it's going to start raining and
thundering and lightning any minute you
can feel it and Reggie so scared well so
we've got to hurry up and get home we
got rained on slightly unfortunately and
Reggie is wanting his dinner so I'm
going to feed Reggie his dinner and I
think I'm gonna wrap up the vlog here
because nothing else is really going to
go on tonight except cleaning because I
really need to tidy up and also watching
The Walking Dead which is my new
obsession and Aslan loves it too so yeah
nothing else is going on tonight but I
will hopefully see you very soon in the
next vlog Buffy rich is like bye
so the night has taken a very exciting
turn because I have forced as when to
clean out his utensils drawer because he
has any everything you can imagine and
he's finding things he's never seen
before this is what we've got rid of so
far burger press don't need that scooper
for Mike here nice design but actually
doesn't work too well the avocado thing
that a lot of people have liked in the
past mentioned now we're getting ready
like is a knife works just as well so
you know why I have this anyway this is
stuff so what do I find here
next item along but a paintbrush that's
right this is a just normal paintbrush
what why is it in the utensil drawer how
could that even happen
overflowing so bad we cannot close it
yeah so tonight is the wild night anyway
signing off for real now I'm talking
with my mouth full you know we've had
this for a remarkable amount of time
well considering considering everything
about this Rio boy is no ideal is on the
best condition you know but I really
like it I always use it I don't know can
I keep it no I think it's time to say
goodbye but but if I get sentimental and
romantic yeah this little thing this
little buddy right here is super crappy
little pizza cutter will have this since
we met Engrish since we lived in
Cambridge like a long time
how many years ago five years ago yeah
so we have this for five years and hey
it's going strong give up so gonna keep
keep it forever
okay let's squish me like love you to
escape got extended funding okay
