good morning everyone I am in an uber on
the way to beautycon and if I don't seem
excited I am excited but I have spent
the last two days in bed because I lost
my voice and you might even be able to
tell now that my voice is not fully
there like even really in the past few
days I haven't even really eaten in the
past two days feeling a little weak but
the show must go on and I'm really
looking forward to meeting people I
think Beauty Kong is gonna be so much
fun but yeah I was like snapchatting I
did like a snapchat video and my voice
just like wasn't working like this could
not have happened at a worse time but
yeah once I get to beautycon and it's
not long after until I'm doing a
meet-and-greet that's the first thing on
my to-do list today meet-and-greet and
I'm so excited I hope people come I
always get a little bit like
I don't want to be like standing there
alone
like taking like strepsils and drinking
tea with honey alone
no I'm so excited I've never been to
beautycon before I definitely am going
to go to panel later today it's my voice
last the day yes beautiful day it's a
great day to be alive I'm excited I hope
to see some of you there yeah
season so I've just arrived and we're
walking through what seems like a little
outdoor dungeon after dungeon we'll go
to that I'm just trying to get the
wristband so I can get inside and yeah I
actually met some people outside quickly
but then I always assured inside so I
think they're coming to that meetup
which should be good so yeah let's try
to get inside burning already
so I'm India I guess they call this a
green room yeah except it's not green in
any way and I met Rosie who is one of
the most beautiful people I've ever seen
in my life you need to be a model or
something I'm gonna like really coming
on to her but yeah I can't help it but
she has a YouTube channel as well miss
Rosie B and I think it's love definitely
go check it out this is her first beauty
con my first beautycon propose a little
nervous it's going to be great Nick
Jonas is playing in the background I
love a bit of Nick Jonas and then time
to go in and I'm hoping my hair
okay so I just got here ten o'clock in
the morning
loads of people gear and I'm like I hope
these people at your CV and this isn't
like a meetup for someone else that I've
just completely stolen by I get my sit
down but I kind of don't want to sit
down on this day
okay so I'm vlogging the people and they
just told me that there's people behind
the gates as well oh my freaking God oh
my gosh this is crazy
do we begin in two minutes in two
minutes I get to begin I'm not allowed
to speak to anyone for two minutes oh
I'm kidding oh my gosh it's pretty cray
cray
I'm here with Natasha who came all the
way from Paris I'm trying not to cry
because she's being very nice to me yeah
this is why I do it folks right here
people like her so yeah thank you so
much to everyone who's come but yet holy
and the first thing is she says is I
love your mom and I was like me too
and she says that like what do you like
about her so much
mom are you listening to this you could
be the next big youtuber trust me I told
you all right gang I'm here with Kat and
she said that she's come all the way
from Manchester but she has one question
where does she get a bucket and that's
the question I get all the time you get
it at oval farmer's market in oval okay
and they have other we're double logging
right now I know they have other things
but I think it's called like bucket I'm
gonna link it below because I think they
have a website that shoes is good you
need a new grandma you can't get my
grandma at the market sorry
Valon is happening every day that I can
possibly manage it in June okay we're
gonna reenact that that's too much okay
first of all what are your names girls
yeah okay I was like okay what is this
Oh
oh my gosh that's supposed to be a Suns
being easier to get me he like seriously
needs to stop with that hat yeah oh my
gosh this is amazing I am touched right
now I love it
right okay so my to our spot is over and
there's still so many people but they've
picked me out because someone else is
coming in my place I feel so bad I'm
gonna just do a little walk around and
see everyone so maybe everyone's gonna
wave to the camera oh my god this is
insane why is this camera blurry every
time every time so I'm gonna just do a
little walk around and see everyone else
we're going back to the green room and
I'm following the security guard you
want to be in my hugs
crazy crazy crazy stuff okay what a
crazy crazy crazy variance I have a
decision right now because my voices
start and says starting to get mad at me
but you can see like all these people
here doing different sort of beauty
stuff and I'm actually sitting on the
floor right now just hanging at chill a
moment try to be silent I just didn't
love her talking about it was absolutely
people
I mean it's just I don't care to do it
very often should actually meet so many
people at one time and instead
you can't you look like you can't
explain what it feels like it's amazing
so thank you to everyone I'm just
getting ready to go to my panel and
luckily Kathy came by to say hi and I'm
so happy we always have a great over
buggy now out of London no I love her so
much
yes he's always just like I've spoken
about this so many times but she's just
a bright light of inspiration positivity
and she inspires me so it's amazing go
check out her channel of course on link
down below and do some workouts maybe
yeah we are getting ready because we
have a panel to do now but I just want
to clarify later so you can never be
gone but I'm also here with Lily and
Anna I don't know where it is
so we're on the same panel guys yeah
yeah so that's happening right now you
know anymore
oh look at all these people this is
pretty crazy so hopefully somebody's
rubbing my leg I don't know who it is
but yeah I'm quite nervous she'd be okay
I have to walk up these stairs and let's
just pray I can do it
without falling
I think we're getting started - no MSG
there's a couple people waving over
there I think I'm breaking the rules
yellow
I can't hear what they're saying ho
okay let's wish me luck love you too
okay got it manage one they go tight
so I just got home
hey guys hey and you can hear my voice
is just like Ralph you know what I'm
really surprised that it's lasted
because this morning I thought your
voice is gonna go within like a couple
of hours it's gonna be you this morning
like you could kind of hear like
whatever but this morning I was like
thinking I don't know how long my voice
is gonna last like my throat doesn't
actually hurt thank God and like I don't
feel sick but my voice I need sound like
a different person I think you like oh
my god but yeah it's about four o'clock
and I just got home and it was just
insane oh my gosh so many fans of
Reggie's he's just like not not here
he's not hugging me Reggie here so many
fans of Reggie's you have no idea this
one guy was like Reggie is Bay I was
like he is babe he's beautiful
everybody loves doing that even in my
panel I was like gave a shout out to
Reggie you didn't yeah I was like what
makes you happy I was like my dog sorry
didn't mention you um but yeah it was it
was a crazy crazy ass experience I think
next you maybe should go just to be in
the crowd yeah there were so many like
boyfriends that came along just like
take pictures and like yeah so yeah
shout out to them too but yeah I think
that's like sick when you have like a
meet-up like that and you have people
like queuing for over like for like a
couple hours like that's not a normal
feeling that's like a feeling you can't
explain to people like it it's insane
like I said this like many times in his
vlog but yeah it's awesome I can't wait
to call my mom and tell her about it she
was like I called her I didn't have her
to that I called her on the phone the
other day and I was like mom I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to come
because of my
boys and like all this and she's just
like yeah well it's not like you're
going looks like I know I'm going but
yeah she's gonna be so happy that my
voice lasted but um yeah pretty crazy so
anyway what's up she's saying call me
announcer mom what's that me saying call
me now okay can I just say um today's
Saturday and I know you guys probably
watched my last love right something I
was gonna go gluten-free and all this
for three weeks that is not happening
today it starts on Monday Monday today
is today today is pizza day because I
need fuel right now I'm so hungry but I
was up on the plane yeah this is
leftover from last night sorry my bra is
just like Oh girls you know you know me
you know this feeling I don't want to
take this off not in that way but yeah
he's like getting all like that Oh
just to clarify I was looking at the
label because it's gone mmm
I'm on the couch oh my gosh okay here we
go
no boys I'm really sorry for are you
having to listen to me screech um so
crazy oh my gosh I'm on the couch
I like smeared my lipstick everywhere
and I'm actually just uploading a video
it's my outfits of the week video so I
just
I completely forgot to upload it this
morning I wanted to schedule it but I
forgot so now I've done that so
hopefully that I'll go up soon and
tonight I'm going out for dinner with
Aslan and Amelia and Claire and I'm
really excited for it and I don't
remember if we've logged at this one
restaurant it's called Arabica okay
remember if we've just took pictures
there and I Instagram so they come there
but yeah I remember the food was quite
good and I thought it'd be like a nice
place for us to go so we made
reservations for later on tonight at
like 7 o'clock so I'm hoping I can just
get a little rest in because I need to
mend my little boys clearly no one's
gonna want to hear me creep creaking
screeching over dinner yeah we got these
new pillows by the way they are
so soft and comfortable I just think
never want to leave this couch and let's
be real I hardly ever do but yeah it's
they're so comfortable this guy came
over to our house this sounds really
weird and creepy but he anyway he came
over we didn't know him we knew who this
person was and I was like aw test out
these pillows he's like they feel like
humans and I was like they feel like
humans what a creepy thing to say he was
like no but like you know when you lay
on someone's stomach it's like a little
bit squishy that's what they feel like I
totally agree feels like humans but like
in a nice way not in a creepy way okay
so my videos that sell my gosh my videos
that 61% and it is uploading and I'm
just rambling for the sake of it so I've
yeah okay I'm gonna wrap it up I'm gonna
take a little nap and I'll see you later
when we head out for dinner okay it's a
little bit later oh my gosh and I'm just
waiting for Claire and Amelia to get
here because they're gonna be here
shortly and I have got my peppermint tea
right here in my Canada mug I feel very
happy about that and I'm just sitting
down on my laptop and I'm gonna watch
potentially an episode of Once Upon a
Time which I absolutely love that show I
feel so like Zend out whenever I watch
it it's I don't know it's quite
enjoyable and I thought show we've been
watching it's called top of the lake on
Netflix but anyway I'm currently on the
Pinocchio episode of once upon a time
that was one of my all-time favorite
cartoons it's like Disney movies so okay
I'm gonna do this step so Claire has
made it so I'm framing this frame with
Aslan's giant foot but I just wanted to
point out that Reggie is like he's just
like in love with Claire he's just like
sickness
we got Claire so friends you have the
process family oh yeah I don't know I
always like feel like Reggie would be
quite close to Bruce versus like
personality but I don't know I've never
seen Reggie like get up close and
personal with someone instantly oh my
god I need to zoom in on that but I'm
getting a little bit jealous right now
that's too much he's like I found my
best friend okay so right here Emilio
this is squad goes like mom's like my
mom we're going to a place called
Arabica we're in burn markets showing
Claire the beautiful food is available
alright guys I just got home and that's
been here I literally have no voice left
like having dinner holding a
conversation I cannot my vocal cords I
feel like I do good and not be able to
talk okay she was you struggling there
for long I mean about motherhood log now
because I can't go on I'm probably not
even gonna talk tomorrow
this is great news here I'm seriously
wrapping it up yeah hope you enjoyed
today's video as much as I enjoyed
making it and I will see you in the next
one I got the results today
and the results are fascinating
basically I'm gonna be gluten gluten
free and what else is important that
they need to know dairy free least oh
just for three weeks
