good morning everyone I'm like really
just waking up oh my gosh I'm looking
for my water bottle which by the way is
actually a new water bottle it's this
one my beaker it's called a beaker bkr
they are awesome they're glass so you
have to be careful but they also have
this like rubber um being around it so
I'm just gonna try and just try to like
fill this up ooh
I suggest I'm heading to the gym look I
look like today whatever you know
what some mate I think I'm just going to
the gym do I care
no so okay I'm filling up this water
bottle and I'm heading there and I
haven't had anything to eat so I'm gonna
like try to down a banana during the
walk there I hate eating bananas in
public I'm just really immature like it
has but it's gonna have to be done today
just joking here it's gonna have to be
done today okay so look at how many
bananas we got you see that look at how
many bananas what happened was I went
grocery shopping and then I didn't know
this but on the same afternoon I'm just
trying to yank they spin it off there we
go I'll have this one on the same
afternoon as and also like grocery
shopping so we both bought bananas and
we both bought chicken so we're having a
basically we're living off bananas and
chicken so okay I really gotta get
cracking and I'll be back in an even
more sweaty or state
that was an exhausting little gym
session we did lots of cardio I even
went on the rowing machine which is
something I've never really done before
and yeah so feeling good about it
I cannot wait to shower but first I must
eat I'm making an omelette red juice
right here by my side being a total
she's being a total cutie I just gave
him a little treat because he wanted one
and Reggie and I want to inform you that
we are doing balloon this year yay
if you don't remember what loon is
balloon is where I vlog not every day
but most days in June because I can't
give it to every day because some days
I'm just not doing anything well I'm
always doing something but it'll just be
like computer stuff and I just find that
so boring to do like a whole video of
like tonight I am I'm on my computer 11
I am still in my computer 3 p.m. I'm on
my computer days but we have lots of
exciting stuff planned we're even taking
a couple of trips which I'm very excited
about and yeah it should be fun so make
sure you are subscribed to this channel
so you can watch all those vlogs when
they go up I think I'm gonna eat now as
soon as my eggs are done and then I will
report back after I've showered and
freshened up a little bit already
stretching okay so I just finished
getting ready I curled my hair a little
bit took shower dried my hair curl my
hair did my makeup and now I'm just
chilling on the couch with Reggie in the
sunlight I'm just replying to a couple
emails and stuff I have some things I
need to type up before I go I'm doing
some editing but I actually have kind of
a busy day today
because in about an hour I have to leave
because I'm going back to see rosemary
Ferguson who I mentioned in one of my
last blogs I'm gonna try to actually put
her in a vlog this time I kind of forgot
about it last time but yeah hopefully
she'll be in a vlog today and then this
evening I have a couple other things
that I'll be doing event wise so it
should be fun
so yeah I just basically need to get
some of this stuff done before I go I'm
drinking water lots of it because I feel
a little dehydrated the weather in
London has been so weird like you wake
up and it's freezing and
gets really hot and then it out of
nowhere we'll just start to like pour
rain it's really strange but yeah this
beautiful boy is really fed up oh my
gosh she's so cute as you can see he got
a new bed because his last bed
he was eating strawberries on and it got
all stained and I couldn't wash it out
so we actually got him a new thing which
is a little more durable can you get any
cuter like really really I love you
Reggie so much oh my gosh so cute I love
his little eyes anyway enough creeping
on Reggie I just love him time to take
BAE for a walk and lol those Crocs those
crooks
okay I've really got a head out but I
thought I'd quickly show you my outfit
so I'm wearing this leather jacket from
Topshop this is a tried tested and true
you know and then a t-shirt from All
Saints this little thing from Topshop
which I just tied around my waist
because I'm feeling a little what's the
word bloated and I just wanna I need
help
I just feel what I just want to feel
comfortable so that's what I'm going
with
and then my Topshop lead jeans and my uh
cup and my converse so that is that
makeup very simple nothing too crazy but
that yeah I've got to get going around
so I'm going to be late so I will uh see
you potentially with rosemary guys I am
in Rosemary's office and I I don't know
if I mentioned this before but rosemary
made me do a blood test I'm gonna pan
over to Rosemarie now so she can wave
she's the one who made me do it
basically so I was in the kitchen and
Aslan was like squeezing my finger
trying to get the blood out anyway we
got the results today and the results
are fascinating basically I'm gonna be
gluten gluten free and what else is
important that they need to know dairy
free
oh just for three weeks
exactly but yeah it should be
interesting I'm willing to try it
because yeah it's just making me feel
upset in the stomach region so yeah not
to give too much information away for
y'all keep you updated on that because
it could be difficult for me no pizza no
cheese back home with these two my two
main men hi
oh he's so cute scooch over stir right
yeah are you going okay can I get all
dolled up well the last time I blogged
was in Rosemary's office which was a
good couple hours ago I was actually in
Rosemary's office for like in that same
hour
yeah I've been home for like three hours
we walked Reggie we ate a very unhealthy
dinner which I don't you want to go into
I think after I got the news the the
nutrition news I was just like Rebell
and actually now I'm heading to a YSL
event and then I'm also going to another
event after that which will be really
fun when you all venden up Siri
meanwhile me and Reggie got the main
event going watching TV didn't you I am
so jealous
no but what do you think about these
results do you want to hold the cam my
arms tired
what do you think of these these results
that I mean what other results you know
gluten no gluten no gluten no gluten no
dairy no eggs sorry you managed to
actually put this back onto a baby area
yeah do you think it's a big crock of
bull crap oh I didn't say that
no no but you guys think I don't believe
it well I just think like you know it's
be very very difficult to re I've never
met you Emily Oh Mary whatever your name
is rosemary rosemary but I think it's
very difficult for somebody who eats a
normal diet to then have to cuz I'm he
cut out like everything like no way
would you say no dairy yeah
no gluten yeah no weed no yeast no yeast
no eggs no eggs like a possible I'm just
gonna have to really think things
through and it's also just like it's a
test to see you know this isn't forever
this is just for a couple of weeks and
then we can reintroduce it and see like
how my body does cuz what I think I
don't really talk about this on the
blogs or anything but I get a lot of
headaches I get a lot of upset stomachs
I get a lot of a lot of things that I'm
not going to talk about it's personal to
me so I complain about
well you complain about a tube you woke
up every day with a stomach ache yeah
you know it's true you do seem to suffer
more than the average and I don't think
you have it like really bad I think just
have like that like irritation a lot of
like like stronger rotation right yeah
so don't make your tation and I've
actually I've had it since I was a kid
even my brother and I my brother had the
same sort of thing so it makes sense you
know there's probably something in the
diet definitely I mean what you know
what's the worst that can happen
I'm gonna give it a go anyway I'm done
talking about this because this is
probably stirring up lots of drums and
what's the worst thing to happen you you
know you would be angry 24/7 hangry very
amazing but uh yeah I'm very comfortable
right now okay by the way here's an
outfit of the evening my shoes are from
Kurt Geiger I think they're really cute
jeans same one today and then I put on a
black t-shirt and I'm just gonna call
that an evening outfit it's quite the
quite the outfit of the day I've never
seen anybody be one like that I'm
running back and just slowly what anyway
yeah in an austere form
nope Reggie's gonna have to gonna die as
well he's cutting out always gluten
intake eat gluten see Reggie doesn't eat
gluten well actually you might I don't
know
Oh buddy you're so tired today
guys I decided I'd stand up and do an
actual outfit and they also added this
blazer on top
blazer
oh it's gonna try to sing that for women
oh yes this is the look you want to pan
down panting panting looking nice
looking hot looking yummy good girl stop
that okay so I'm actually heading out
man I'll see you at the why I sell event
I think it's at the Sky Lounge no it was
like that was called yeah she'd be cool
I think just like really awesome views
there so we'll see we're just walking in
and you can see my favorite building in
London which is the shard I actually
used to hate the shard now I love the
shard yeah it's really beautiful there's
tons of people in here so we just made
it the Sun is really in our eyes I don't
think I've ever been in a block before
no this is the amazing wonderful and
elegant lives were vlog is one
throughput supplement that pussy's own
way
yeah yeah amazing go check that we don't
link down below the ball boom
beautiful Bike Week they of course my
address makes it look like
and your makeup is awesome the contest
amazing and it's something different
no text I'll link it down below and
she's you have easy trails but I do
go check it out she's amazing looks like
these are the brand-new products which
look beautiful I love these lipsticks I
love these glosses oh I like that blue I
think that's an eyeliner which is quite
cool oh that's what kind of video take
you oh my gosh look at this beautiful
model what's your name oh my god you are
gorgeous
definitely liners oh it's amazing this
is pretty amazing because well we were
just on there look at this incredible
view of beautiful London and then
there's like all these plants who've
been like not gonna trip over the edge
here
daredevil button way up really cool I
love this
there is no
so we've just sat down for dinner oh
there's my name SC button
beautiful real flowers were so gorg okay
we just left the YSL event unfortunately
we had to leave a bit early but I really
wanted to oh this is Ana's crazy I
really wanted to make it to Sammy's
launch as well so I mention this earlier
but oh by the way I'm using here hey hi
looking fierce tonight as always but um
anyway Sammy my good friend the beauty
crush is launching a clothing range with
her bf Jason and the range is called no
woman night I don't actually know that
much about it but I've been kind of
stalking the Instagram and stalking her
Twitter in the video that they made
everything in the clothes are beautiful
they're so simple classic chilled out
awesome edgy so I'm really excited to
see the clothes in person and just talk
to Sam because I haven't seen her for a
long time so two things one night this
is very unlike me but yeah it should be
really fun so we've just made it to the
event Oh everyone's kind of like
mingling around over here but I just
wanted to show you a few of the clothing
pieces I absolutely love this skirt
because I saw Sammy wearing this and it
and I love this little kind of like a
crop top I don't even know if you guys
can hear me right now it's quite loud in
here but yeah and then there's also kind
of like menswear as well
I could definitely see Auslan wearing
something like that so I'm so happy for
her we got we've actually gonna track
down Sami right now but yeah there's
also this like the video playing which
was really cool I don't know where
Sammy's gonna there she is kind of
briefly there she is beautiful Sammy
just a famiglia what a sexual couple
these two are hotties I don't want to
thank you all for coming this amazing
seeing your support just for coming and
like taking time out to come thank you
guys
stress levels are high and Sammy and
Jason tried to figure out how to use a
selfie stick which Julie is very
difficult
all right so I'm home now clearly I just
got home a little while ago and I took
my makeup off Oh feels so good nice and
relaxed now anyway I'm gonna wrap up the
vlog for now because I really want to
edit this tonight and get it up tonight
yeah I'm so happy for Sammy and Jason
again congratulations to them because
they're awesome they really deserve it
and the range looks awesome I'm not just
saying this because I'm friends with her
it is awesome the quality is so good I'm
definitely gonna buy Aslan a t-shirt
because I know he'll love especially
that striped one
I think he'll really like that but I'm
gonna wrap it up for now and edit and
wash them seat and watch some TV what
was that I'm gonna watch them TV edit
eat some blueberries cuz I just got
these blueberries out of the fridge um
yeah hope you liked this vlog I'll see
you in the next oh these are good mmm
there's like these blueberries you can
get here called Atlantic blueberries
that's what the thing says they're
amazing but anyway I'm rambling now so
I'm gonna wrap it up and give this video
a thumbs up if you liked it this is my
thumbs up um I'll see you in the next
one bye
