hey everyone good morning I just asked
Alan what I should say like how I should
talk the blog is just like hey everyone
midweek madness midweek madness today
both of us are just getting ready to go
to the gym this isn't actually my gym
day technically I'm gonna go anyway I'm
gonna try to up my cardio because I go
to the gym three times a week by mostly
do weights so I'm gonna try to go a
couple more times we can just do like
half an hour 40 minutes of cardio so I
went yesterday what what do you say give
me this look anyway yeah we went
yesterday and asla than I went for a run
it was so hard for me like I knew it
would be hard for me but it was really
hard for me and Aslan was so good news
is like beside me like this just like is
going quite annoying oh yes I'm just
gonna go to the gym and come back and
you know the drill I will see you in a
bit world's biggest banana alert I make
it huge hold it admit it that is big oh
my oh my gosh I just tweeted saying like
wife is my biscuit so red it's so very
saying I was so sad to a bit but I was
working out I can feel my face getting
hot like I I don't actually sweat that
much what my face gets so red and yeah
that was finished and I went to the
change room and I was like I cannot go
out into the gym with this red face so I
stayed in there for a few minutes to
blast cold water in my face and this
face is just getting redder and redder
as the minutes go on it is so bad I
don't know I think that's just like who
you are like I think it's just who you
are
but I think like some people get really
red frames with faces faces faces faces
faces and some
people don't or some people sweat a lot
I don't know but I'm cursed with the red
face syndrome so yeah great great little
workout though really hard cardio is so
hard for me it's just like I've been
putting off doing better at cardio for a
really long time and I think it's
finally time to start kicking it up a
notch BAM
so now it's time for me to make
breakfast I'm making eggs baby eggs
it is angel what were you doing what
were you doing when I was sweating my
face off you're beautiful
you're stunning you're so cool his
physique is exquisite wouldn't you say
okay an hour later my face is still red
and when you looked over for you like
holy she hasn't tomatoes it's cuz
you don't sweat like I state does not
ever sweat no pretty sweat I told like
Humvee opposite I like sweat profusely
my cats like that's how my body cools
down your body cools down by turn into
tomato but like even my skin gets like
bumpy like it's so red and hot then it's
like it increases so when you look at me
did you think like wow that's a red face
or did not really think about it when
you go off the treadmill things yeah you
went over to get the tissues to wipe
down the machine yeah oh my god what
what can I do like what can I do
I'm going to take a shower just embrace
it I have there's no other option
maybe you should feel like before you go
to the gym put on like read favorable
makeup read favorite votes so basically
like I just finished doing my hair if
it's gonna be hate I don't know I'm
doing my makeup I don't know what the
deal is with this red rash on my neck
now honestly like my whole body is
Turkish this point in time I'm just
doing my makeup I what am i this is not
what I was supposed to go for lunch with
one of my friends but something came up
and she can't miss it so now I'm not
going out for lunch anymore so what
shall I do to fill my time the question
I I might just finish editing a couple
of videos and stuff but I just wanted to
talk about my eyebrows because I got
them tinted let me see it let me let me
try to brush through this year is there
a little a little cray I think they're
like half a shade too dark but it is
seriously a life-changing thing when she
first like wiped off the dye I thought
it was going to faint because it was so
dark but I'm really getting used to it
like this is with no eyebrow makeup on
at all and you guys know if you've
watched me for a while that my eyebrows
are like blonde you can hardly see them
at all
it's so useful I still put a little bit
of powder like at the front but for the
most part no especially when you're
having like a no makeup day and you
don't want to have any makeup on your
eyebrows look like they're done it's
amazing I'm going to finish doing my
makeup and I will report back in about
15 minutes I hate to go on and on about
my eyebrows but I just rediscovered this
little ditty these were the eye shadows
that I used to use if I can open it for
my eyebrows come on nice to use this all
the time this is like a magnet force I
know this one's called Omega this one
I'm not so sure and I'm not gonna take
it out but it's like soft brown
something Brown I can't remember but
that's Omega and that's the only one I
use today on my eyebrows which I think
looks pretty good I don't know can't
really tell because it's
very old this is this is lovely I just
put this lipgloss on this is by Dior so
first time I've used it and man I'm in
love it is so nice it's called 4.49
can't read that just trying to blink my
eyes betimes 4:49 hang on
work with me here eyeballs I think it
says something rose CL Rose or something
like that oh my gosh it's so pretty I'm
wearing like quite minimal make-up today
I think that just adds a little pop pop
pop okay so what are we doing now I'm
gonna go take ready for our little walk
and then I guess I'm gonna head out el
solo which makes me so sad nobody loves
me
I sent Amelia a text and I was like hey
you want to go for lunch she's just like
can't busy I texted a couple other
people no I didn't I just text Amelia I
have no other friends basically he's
gonna sit over and cry alone but it's
actually fine because I need to go out
anyway I've got a meeting at 2:30 and I
need to go get some workout clothes
because I feel like I always buy workout
clothes but I don't have enough pants
never have enough workout pants so I'm
gonna head to Lululemon you know
Lululemon yeah but first I'm gonna go
walk Reggie two seconds later I hear a
key in the door and it freaked me out
it scared me I like jump like 25 feet
anyway I was home and I made sure that
you yourself will come home for lunch
with a sandwich a chicken bacon avocado
delicious sandwich and he knows I'm here
and he won't bring me one it's like come
on come on now in kana
so knowing you brought me to Jordy
heavier so yeah yeah so I'm gonna take
Reggie for a walk and then I'm gonna go
just home square this is what dreams are
made of people this sandwich is huge
it's actually like as big as my hand I'm
just gonna have half but they're so good
chicken bacon avocado oh my gosh I can't
I have to eat this right now immediately
I know it looks like I probably haven't
even left the building yet I know but I
have I've already left and come back and
I just walked through the door and I
felt so bad for not vlogging so I just
turned the camera on straight away come
here
thank you
you could kiss me kiss me you like no no
I'm sure this is like really sickening
and boring for you guys to watch me just
like love up my dog because he's so cute
oh shoot cute anyway I felt really bad
because I didn't vlog but there was
nothing really to vlog I just went to a
couple of stores and then I went to a
meeting because I'm planning a little
something for you that's right you and
that's the only hint you're gonna get I
hate being that annoying vague person
but here you go today is my day so it is
time for me to walk Reggie it's about
4:15 and it is time it is time to go for
a walk okay let me find his collar it's
so windy outside and there's like all
these weird things blowing around that's
why I have my sunglasses on because I
actually got poked in the eye by
something sunglasses marks though what
can you do about it
nothing okay Reggie is just over there
eating his dinner so as I said I went
shopping a little bit and I bought a few
Beauty things which I don't know I feel
like I'm getting my I'm getting my
Beauty mojo back but before I show you
that because I'm gonna do like a mini
haul in a second the first thing I'm
gonna do is the dishes because well
Reggie I have to do all these dishes
then all these dishes are clean so I'm
gonna put these away clean those and
then make myself a cup of tea and then I
will do the whole yay clean kitchen well
kind of I'm just going to
for those too dry and I'm also making my
tea finally yeah speaking of tea I've
got a little surprise well I don't know
if anyone else is gonna get but who
remembers this mug that I broke on the
vlog does that even remember that this
was my favorite mug ever and someone on
Twitter a long time ago actually tweeted
the woman that makes these I'm gonna
leave the link to her website down below
but because she makes such beautiful
ceramic so definitely go take a look
anyway she actually tweeted the woman
who makes these like a button broker
Bava and then she made me these mugs she
made me this one and another one the
exact same one which is right over there
I am so grateful because I absolutely
love it so thank you so much to the
person who tweeted about that because
now I have my not one but two of my
favorite mugs back in my life I love
them so much I'm so happy and I'm so
grateful so thank you so much for
sending them to me I adore them and
you'll definitely be seeing me having
lots of teen them in the future I should
have made my tea that I'm making now in
these mugs but I just unpacked them so I
wasn't really thinking straight but
anyway I'm gonna enjoy my tea down um
let me prepare this stuff and I'll show
you what I got today while I was
shopping
okay we're gonna do this haul video well
it's not even hold video just turn into
that but I'm gonna do this hole right
here right now I don't even know what to
start with I got a bunch of random stuff
but I'm gonna start with this stuff Oh
oh my god is he gonna take it
this is Aslan so you can have it you
could take this in fact you get back
here with that good back here okay
that's enough Reggie here's your moose
take your moose instead oh Reggie
take your moose tin yours hey hey nope
okay I'm just gonna rinse this off and
cut that off you know I'm not even gonna
tell a son so he probably isn't gonna
watch this vlog so just pretend that
didn't happen okay
anyway I got him that I got him this
seaweed night treatment which he loves
and I also got him this a low soothing
day cream because he's been complaining
about his day cream he wants a new day
cream or something so I thought I'd give
him that one from Lululemon I got two
pair of pants these are kind of like I
don't know if I can wear these in the
gym or if this is just kind of like
chillin at home I think you can wear
these in the gym they feel kind of thick
but I really love the pattern they're
just like plain pants and then I got
these ones in this gorgeous pink color I
adore them so much I'm really excited I
didn't try them on but they pretty much
all fit me the same so yeah I finally
picked up this book this is the girl on
the train which is the next buttons
bookshelf video by the way if you
haven't seen my Paper Towns video make
sure you go watch it because there are
spoilers about the book but I think you
might like it even if you didn't read
the book I kind of talk about my teenage
years and how I felt in high school and
it was kind of like a blast from the
past walk down memory lane for me but
anyway this is the next book so I'm very
excited to read that I went into Muji
and you guys know I love sunglasses so I
got this thing because they had this
displayed where they put like a couple
of sunglasses in the thing and then
these drawers pull out like that
and I thought this would be very handy
to put like my most used sunglasses in
and just keep them somewhere handy so
yeah I got that
and then I also got this to store my
jewelry in I'll start with the space in
case stuff and then I'll go with the Mac
so let me just open this up here maybe I
can actually sit like this hang on I can
actually sit like this and do a proper
haul video kitchen haul okay I'll do my
thumbnail now okay I'm having way too
much fun alone whoo that's good feel
like I'm go into space and hey and I
never really get anything but for some
reason today I was kind of like feeling
the vibes you know sorry I just can't
open this you're wondering what this cut
on my finger is I don't know if it's
gonna focus I don't know you probably
don't want to see it it's not focusing
you probably don't wanna see it anyway
it was a cheese grating incident I was
grating cheese and it slipped and I
grated my finger it was so gross so bad
so in case you're wondering okay
first thing I got was a NARS eyeliner
this is the larger-than-life eyeliner
and I got this in the shade khao san
road this is like a turquoise blue color
because i got one from essence and i
tried it the other day and it didn't
stay at all and was really glittery and
the glitter chunks like got in my eye i
don't know it just wasn't great so
anyway I got this one from NARS it is so
beautiful it's amazing I already likes
washed it here on my hand I don't know I
do see it but this is like a real haul
video this is crazy okay thank these can
you see that can you see that it's
focusing on my face anyway that's the
color I think it's gonna be awesome
in the summertime that's that put the
second box I also got this which is the
Becca ever matte shine proof foundation
I got it in the shade show and I just
watched it in there and I thought it was
so cool
like it's a very matte like it almost
felt like a tinted moisturizer or
something so I haven't tried I haven't
heard anyone talk about it so I hope
it's good that's that and then the final
thing is the by terry ombre black star
the cream eyeshadow which I've actually
loved for years like I did a blog post
on these like I would I feel like two
years ago like I had one and I just
loved it and since then they've really
exploded like in the beauty blogs in the
world everybody loves so much I
understand because they're amazing
anyway I finally got the shade misty
rock I think yeah mr. rock because every
time I go in to get it they're out of
stock this is just like a okay let's do
one of these again it is like a purpley
it's like a purpley hang on what's going
on you I don't know if you can see it's
like a bronze purple with gold oh so
pretty love it okay that's it from there
and then in Mack oddly enough I went
into Mac because it was right there and
I thought I don't know there wasn't
anything going in forth
but uh you know these things happen yeah
could have done like an actual hole on
my main zone but anyway this is just for
the vlog viewers you're getting a sneak
peak so I got this skate pot it's in the
shade rubenesque
and if you've never tried the paint pots
they are amazing I love them they're
cream eyeshadow bases but I just wear
them on my own sometimes
anyway rubenesque is like wow this is
not tight okay do you actually look at
this this is like the olden days this is
so fun to actually look at this it looks
weird like it's like a peach orange but
I promise you I'm gonna make this work
and if you want to see me do a tutorial
with this leave me a comment okay so
this is the rubenesque Paint Pot it's
way more beautiful in person it's like
kind of like a coppery peachy
um goldenface which i think he's gonna
look so cool in the summertime I don't
know what's getting into me but I'm
really into these like Goldy Capri I
shadow z-- I was about this eyeshadow
which is called expensive pink I don't
want to take this out of the packaging
because I don't have the palette nearby
but it kind of looks like rubenesque
it's called expensive pink very
interested in that and then I got this
brow stuff oh wow I was really coming
out um Oh guys this is so fun right it's
a great time I know this sounds weird
but like this is so nice to just film a
video like this I don't know I can't
explain it okay this right here is it's
a breath it's called a brow set I have
never tried Mac brow set before it's
like empty at the top that's so weird
anyway this is in the shade beguile me
Kyla and I'm not sure if this is the
right color for me this actually has
like some weird shimmer in it I kind of
tried it in the store but I already had
like brow stefan's I don't know I hope
that's okay
and then I got this lipstick which is
the second last thing I promised called
relentlessly red and I think this is a
matte one it's the retro matte lipstick
I don't think I have any retro matte
lipsticks and i swatched this on my hand
and I just I was like yes yes so let's
see okay I'm gonna just put it here
oh my arm why not I mean hello that is a
cool color I think that's awesome
I hope this formula is okay I guess I've
never tried it and then at the till I
was done and then I saw this it's like a
mini pigment and it's cheaper than the
regular pigments and this is in the
shade blue brown which I've been wanting
to try honestly since the beginning of
time like look at that iridescent miss
your Destin sniffs it's so cool and that
is everything I got today I don't really
have much else to say I'm just chilling
having you some tea
welcome to my life anyway I think I'm
gonna wrap it up here for now because
nothing else is going on I'm just gonna
go edit a bunch of videos that I want to
reply to some comments on my buttons
bookshelf video and that's about
everything so I hope you like this vlog
give it a thumbs up if you did subscribe
tell your friends all about this channel
and how amazing it is
yeah that's like the best I can be right
now
so okay wrapping it up I will see you in
the next oppai the way did you guys know
I'm going to beautycon I am going to
beautycon and I'm also doing a
meet-and-greet at beautycon I don't have
the exact dates or details yet but once
I do I'll tweet about them and stuff so
you're saying that okay really wrapping
it up and I will see you in the next
vlog bye okay so I did get told off for
filming and taking a photo in there but
I'm a rebel like that
that's a crazy little place I don't know
how I can't even press like 20 seconds
yeah it's an interesting way
