good morning everyone it's Sunday
morning I just walked Reggie and it was
so nice nice chill out walk with no one
around at the moment I'm just trying to
get rid you spewed because he's hungry
when I got home just now I looked at the
food ball and it was completely empty so
I'm gonna wash it out with his kibbles
and then he can eat doesn't that make
you happy oh my gosh this morning Reggie
was just like such a little cuddle bug
he did not want to wake up and he did
not want to go for a walk but he just
wanted to cuddle oh so cute you okay and
you reacted in a very intense way he
said the f-word you didn't need to hear
that so early in the morning okay so I'm
gonna make the juice that I made the
other day because I friggin love it it's
the lime parsley punch oh wow juice and
I know you don't love celery yeah but if
you don't taste it mama okay no honestly
you do not taste it yeah but this book
is so good I'm not just saying this
because I've met her personally but like
I like it it also has the color oh yeah
I know this is what you should be aiming
for it's like this is this is what
you're going for yeah I know but like I
don't know tons of things they've tons
of different types of juice and I like
that it tells you about anyway if you're
wondering what book I'm talking about
it's this one okay let's get this party
started
husbands making an omelet I haven't had
an omelet in a long time like months
months so that is what we're making on
what times talk us through what you're
doing right now Papa some cheese on top
of the other
Papa and cheese on top of the omelet so
in there is eggs bacon onions
thanks I said oh jeez nice okay and here
is the finished breakfast I already
tried the juice and it's pretty good did
you try it yeah let's go to go stir it
up you know what do you think the
salaries the salaries potent to you yes
because we didn't have any parsley to
cover it up
but I think it's great if you don't want
it I'll drink it oh I'm not on that I
really hate celery - celery yeah even
the slightest bit anything I like oh no
ok it's ok so what are we doing I think
all Reggie's drinking I think we're
gonna head to Camden actually because we
were thinking oh I want to do something
today the other thing is like the
weather is so grey it's gonna start
raining any minute but I just thought we
would walk around Camden because like I
said we haven't been there in ages and
there's always something to look at and
it's the London Marathon today actually
so I think it's gonna be pretty busy in
other areas do they run through Camden
or yeah so but it'll probably still be
busy in Campton
first things first we've gotta take
little Reggie out for his walk and then
we'll be hitting the road getting on the
tube tubing around
so here we are lovely Camden Town
station the start of the Camden Market
area and you know what I'm surprised
because what a hell of a state when it
hell's a stager ok she's she's just left
me walking around myself more like in
this embarrassing just you just got the
Cameron started walking it's like order
to get this shop oh the foots all over
the place so yeah it's in that direction
so I was gonna say you know what it's
surprising cuz we've been there for
about - love 5 10 minutes now and we
have not been offered marijuana by
anybody here this is the good work
Camden police you are you know cleaning
that out successful we have a little Mad
Hatter's Tea Party set up here very good
and take some pictures go and sit there
and then Peter than that bit yep that is
really
so as I suspected it is busy here in
Camden and if you haven't been before
you wouldn't have known that it has like
all these cool things on the tops of the
buildings like this it's your it's a
cool place to go if you've ever done you
know no means in London very unique
field you gotta come and visit
definitely one thing I'm slightly
worried about is that the camera is
going to die and the problem with this
is that I have no idea where the charger
is obviously we couldn't charge it here
on the go anyway
but let's just pray that it doesn't die
in the next like two hours we're getting
lunch now Cabasa baby love it this is
lunch and I'm so excited have you tried
it yet mm-hmm is it good yeah it was
just so busy and this was the place that
we discovered and it looked really good
we're gonna dig in alright we made it to
the staples market we've come here
mainly to go inside cyberdog because
it's been years since I've been inside
this crazy-ass place so let's go in
okay so I did get told off for filming
and taking a photo in there but I'm a
rebel like that that's the crazy little
place I don't know how I can't even
press like 20 seconds yeah it's an
interesting place I think that's the
loudest music I've heard in like 10
years but I'm a grandma so Who am I to
say anyway what should we do now let's
go over to the North er okay all right
so we made it to the north yard and the
main reason I wanted to come here today
besides just to do something is because
there's this place called unique finds
and I read about it online blogging
Cameron died by the way but I'm trying
on glasses in this telegram they're like
a serious sit-down do some work on a
very cool place
loads of frames and sunglasses up
do I need these in my life I freaking
love them I actually really like them
everything's better when it's pink all
right gang we're back home and I've
managed to find the vlog camera charger
and I've been charging the camera for
like 15 or 20 minutes but oh yeah we're
such homebodies yeah like I can't help
it that I love being at home with reg
the best dog in the world where is he
anyway I tweeted on Twitter at SD button
by the way if you under followed me that
if my what's in my grandma's handbag
video got to 20,000 thumbs up I would
call her and tell her and I wanted to
like get her opinion of what she thinks
of this let's see we're at now oh my
gosh we're at 32,000 694 like is that
the most thumbs up on anything you got I
think so you guys love grandma which I
don't like she does it okay so let's
call grandma right now you just gonna
creep back there Reggie's bed maybe
they're on at home
it's Sunday where are they grandpa yeah
it's a scene yeah Oh give grandma the
phone okay grandma how are you doing
since you got famous on the Internet
well grandma
today's tally you have 200 thousand 182
views and if people really liked the
video they can give it a thumbs up and
32 yeah it was so good everybody loved
it so do you feel like you've
accomplished something new grandpa does
oh my gosh well we can definitely
arrange that this summer
we've got to think of an interesting
video
well he'll show you I've just been
reading my book this is the button's
bookshelf Book of the Month John Green's
Paper Towns and I am loving this book
but I just wanted to say that I think
I'm gonna do the Scottish shirt shirt I
think I'm gonna do the buttons bookshelf
videos on here on my vlog channel from
this point on so it should be up around
you from a May 4th
around that may the 4th be with you so
you can check that out if you've been
reading along definitely tweet me at se
button the hash tag buttons bookshelf so
I know what you think of it what are
your favorite parts what do you like
about it what do you just like about it
oh hey Calvin
hey it's time for dinner it is 6:30
almost Reggie's dying for a treat like
dining for one he's just standing right
here by the tree for anyway I'm gonna
make dinner for once shock horror I'm
gonna cook yeah this is he's in for it
because I'm not a very good chef but
what am I even doing fridge right now
I'm like kind of like oh what can I make
like I don't know no I do have an idea
so I got this
I did some awful this is very attractive
I did the groceries online the other day
and when I was checking out they were
like oh did you forget something and
then I was like maybe
this is one of the things that came up
it was the Daylesford organic farm
Gloucestershire organic beef meatballs
with tomato and smoked bacon so there
are meatballs in here love it and I'm
going to make that on a bed of brown
rice sounds good to me umm that's what
I'm gonna make right about now yeah
personally I'm not really into meatballs
I mean I'm okay like if I was offered
one I take one but like you know I'm not
gonna cry about of how to get one
so you know but if I could get one I'd
be green and here is the final product
it only took about 20 what five minutes
to make it hmm and what did you say
about the rice oh he said that the rice
was perfectly cooked which was great
okay tell me how does it taste
the Wrights now that you've tried it
yeah good I can't really take credit for
anything else taste like I didn't really
make that I'm always like how's it taste
how to do it I didn't actually make that
so but what's good all right everyone it
has been great hanging out with you
today I hope you enjoyed coming along
with us to Camden on a dreary Sunday if
there's an area of London that you guys
want us to explore on the vlogs perhaps
you know leaves Justin down below you
know if there's a one area that we're
never been to you guys really want us to
go to yeah it's yeah and give us some
ideas where should we go next
tell us because we want to do more
things that you want to see us do yeah
exactly and I was actually thinking of
doing oh don't pull away from me it's
actually thinking of doing a video on my
main channel with you sometime soon
so if you guys wanted to do any sort of
challenges or a specific QA leave that
in the comments below or tweet me is
that cool with you Ted dark or could be
back what single thing that's a real
throwback Thursday
all right so I'm wrapping it up and I
will see you in the next one bye hey
guys neither are pretty sweet me but I'm
excited just keeping up with the
kardashians Joe says he's leave your bag
and she was telling me about some tips
to help me start eating healthier and
feeling like a better person so I'm
quite excited about it it was so nice
I'm sorry I couldn't vlog with her more
but I'm running out of time
