good morning little boy perfect man I
love Reggie he's got something in his
eye let's get it he's like do not touch
my eyeball Oh beautiful good morning
everyone it is sunny and I'm trying to
keep my eyes open because the Sun is
potent I am heading to the gym
momentarily I just tweeted that it's the
first time I've been to the gym in over
two weeks and it was a beautiful
beautiful two weeks but it's time to get
back on that horse and ride it off into
the sunset so it should be okay but I
know I'm gonna be so tired like even
walking up stairs lately has been just
like a task for me I'm excited to get
back into the groove I'm actually just
uploading a video right now what's in my
grandma's handbag which will definitely
be up by the time you're staying this
vlog but yeah I will link it down below
if you haven't seen it or if you want to
see it so yep so I'm just uploading that
I got a new workout shirt as well I got
this in Canada at the Nike outlet which
I just love so much I just like put my
hand down I was like oh my god what did
I touch but it was the banana that I
just ate so yeah anyway I am gonna go to
the gym and I will see you when I get
back I feel like I look like a real
athlete remember this Nike thing that I
got I freaking love it look it's like
kind of longer in the back
so yeah just put it on top I hope it's
gonna be warm enough and I've also got
my Nike trainers I feel like I'm gonna
go run the marathon that's not what you
do or say before you run a marathon but
I am gonna listen to Drake on the way
there six God is life
I think somebody wants a treat I think
you do do you want a treat so I just got
back to the gym looking ultra sweaty
that was hard oh man that was hard I
think it's it's way harder to do its
part to make sentences apparently it's
wondering it's hard to go back to the
gym after so long because you're not at
the same fitness level you were before
you stopped going to the gym if that
makes any sense
so my right ear has popped I don't know
I don't know what's going on there oh
gosh guys mini eggs mini egg alert mini
egg alert I'm like a magnet to these
things give me so I'm gonna make myself
something to eat a little more
substantial than that banana and then
I'm gonna shower are you already done
your treat mister thanks Joe I couldn't
seem to find the rude health almond milk
so I'm giving the oat milk ago and it's
actually really good I still prefer
almond milk but it tastes good and
obviously oatmeal and lots of other
stuff but yeah chase couldn t do such a
typical SC button breakfast and by the
way are you in love with this mug I'm in
love with this mug it was actually given
to me by someone named - zine and she
worked with my mom and she said that she
watched my videos as well so she gave my
mom this mug and a beautiful scarf and
some tea to give to me I'm rhyming and
it's so beautiful so thank you so much -
zine I couldn't say it in person but
thank you so much because I love this
mug it's adorable and it kind of matches
my like cockatoo balls that I mentioned
in one of my previous video so thank you
and I'm gonna enjoy my tea out of this
now I just finished doing my hair and
makeup and I did something a bit
different with my makeup today so let me
know what you think of it it's not
totally different but I'm wearing gold
eyeshadow on my eyelids today a bit of
half-baked by Urban Decay which is
different and I'm also wearing shimmery
bronzer this is the Dior Amber diamond I
haven't used it in so long and it's so
pretty and I just put it on my cheeks
like that so I don't know I'm kind of
into it let me know what do you think
what is it so now I'm gonna film a whole
video and
and I that's what I'm gonna do right now
always a constant mess on my makeup
table I'm taking cash register for a
walk but he's behind me go on buddy you
lead the way sometimes he doesn't like
to lead to her hey come on come on
you what is that I think it was like a
piece of fruit right fruit
come on little guy but I just met with
rosemary who I mentioned in my last blog
and she was telling me about some tips
to help me start eating healthier and
feeling like a better person so I'm
quite excited about it it was so nice
I'm sorry I couldn't vlog with her more
but I'm running out of time because I've
actually got a head to storm now because
I have a cold and I'm gonna be like all
the time so business√≠ but yes I have to
go basically I am so happy that amelia
brought snacks raspberries and cashews
and blueberries oh my I just got home a
few seconds ago and I was gonna say yeah
I'm apologizing because I've been a
terrible vlogger because I didn't vlog
anything that really happened over the
past five hours but as I said I went to
see rosemary Ferguson who is a
nutritionist and she has such a good
healthy approach to food and what it can
do for you and we had a nice little chat
so it's pretty cool to be able to talk
to someone really specifically about
yourself and what you eat and how you
eat and ways you can improve it and I
can improve mine a lot so it's it's
really interesting even if I can just
take a couple of new things on board so
hopefully if I learn Lots from her I can
share with you guys because it is really
helpful so far the things that she told
me and then after that like I said I
went to storm and the thing else really
happened since then so I came back and
now I'm here so it's about well why
don't I just look at my watch it is 6:15
still so bright out that's like the one
good thing about summertime well it's
not summer but spring so what am i doing
now my video just went up so I'm
replying to some comments there and I'm
gonna wash my face and face laughs
anybody face knows anybody
this makeup today it's so shimmery and
I'm just I really like it yeah but I'm
gonna take it off sometimes when you
just like don't want to take your makeup
off that's when you know that you like
the makeup I'm going to show you the
skincare that I'm going to use right now
well I'm gonna do it first and I'm gonna
show you what I used all right so I used
this to remove my makeup it's the lux of
10 cleansing oil it's really nice I've
used I've used a fair share
what was that accent then I use this
cream cleanser from the body shop which
is almost empty you can't tell but
there's only a little bit left here
because I've had the bottle upside down
love that stuff and then I used this I
also just finished this up this is the
ESOP focus on the words come on and
focus on the words come on it's working
it's trying there we go it's the ESOP
chamomile concentrate anti blemish mass
which is stronger than the parsley seed
one but quite similar and then I'm gonna
moisturize with the origins drink up
intensive another product that I'm
almost out of you like what you see just
look at this angel have you ever seen
something so beautiful would she here so
you had a big day you had a big day of
doing not too much didn't you you're so
beautiful
he's so soft honestly I love this dog
he's amazing
I'm just editing some videos on the
couch with Reggie and the face mask I
did really brought out the beast from
within or shall I say beasts from within
anyway I think I'm gonna wrap up the
vlog for tonight it's about 8:30 p.m.
Aslan is not home he's actually gone to
the pub with his mates so he's probably
having a great time just makes me laugh
so much it's like I'm not gonna be home
tonight
still a bit later he's like I'm gonna
pop to the pub with my mates I was like
you do that you do that yeah
it's probably having fun anyway I will
wrap it up for now and I'm gonna see you
in the next vlog bye okay I just want to
point out that this girl at me me Morgan
tweeted me this today I don't know how
you did this but it is the most weird
and wonderful thing I've ever seen so
what do you guys think here we go wow
that is so mean you even make something
like that with my face on it
well well done so how was your little
pub evening it was fine lovely a little
fish and chips did it yeah nice no
anything else to say you to the blog
haha really shitty day today I'm afraid
why I lost my sunglasses okay pretty
psyched got on the tube had the
sunglasses in my pocket got off the
tooth to put on Sonny put on my
sunglasses is no longer my pocket Wow
they don't have it happened I mean my
pocket also had my phone in it so if
somebody had stolen my son bus why would
they also steal the phone who's your
track record for glasses is not great I
don't think anyone the no one else is
five sunglasses is pretty pretty
terrible you've lost a seven pair yeah I
think this is my sixth path that I had
in about two years know that girl this
is insane
it's alright so kibosh take it joking so
anyway that sucks yeah I know so apart
from that it was alright
yeah just you know it really sucks it
was like it first thing as well you know
you give up that you get off and I go oh
my gosh your old days not ruined you've
got me and Reggie yeah I know you mean
that sucks dad wrong so right tomorrow's
a new day you're gonna have to get
yourself some new sunglasses
but as unless such a big head that he
can't find
glasses anywhere yeah why didn't just
talk about all my embarrassing secrets
right now well I'm just saying maybe
someone knows where they can get like
yeah okay guys seriously my head is so
wide and so just large that it cannot
accommodate normal sunglasses any normal
sunglasses look comically small on me so
does anyone know of any place that does
big sunglasses please let us know please
pretend you're me and wrap up the vlog
officially okay so yeah I could've like
I've got a few more makeup things to do
and some ammo makeup storage to organize
you know Reggie's just turning it in
here so yeah um I'm feeling pretty
sleepy now so if you could bugger off
that'd be great
baby and hey why not check out the video
I just did with my grandma what's in my
grandma's bag I cannot believe it it's
got almost 10,000 likes and it's only
been like an hour and a half which is
just Craig cray-cray so go check it out
what's in my grandma's handbag
