good morning everyone I am back in
London as you can see it is a Monday
morning it is 8:30 a.m. and I'm actually
getting ready to go to Google for the
first time ever I've never been to
Google before which seems weird I feel
like a lot of youtubers have been to
Google and I've never been to Google so
finally I'm going to Google I think it's
actually gonna be really fun because I'm
doing some stuff with Sunday Times Style
they're doing a feature I think you're
doing like a tech issue and I'm one of
the people that they've decided to
involve in the tech issue which is
pretty cool so yeah I am just waiting
for an uber it says 604 minutes until he
arrives which hopefully that's not the
case because I'll be very late but I'm
sure it should be fine I haven't done my
hair yet because apparently there's
gonna be someone there who's gonna sort
out this mess but obviously I did do my
makeup I think that's everything okay so
I'm in the YouTube studio right now this
is the first time I've ever been in here
which seems a little bit weird to me but
when you walk in there's like a like a
huge wall of people who've taken
pictures here and everybody's signed the
pictures that's really cool and I saw so
many familiar faces but um as you can
see I'm getting my hair knit right now
which I'm quite excited about because I
think it's gonna look pretty cool and
hopefully it'll be something different
you I really do wishing it I think I
hear Amelia over there
get started look at all of the beautiful
makeup look at these brushes for one
thing that's amazing come on Lucas okay
I love your name by the way I love it so
much I told my mom great try but I told
my mom your name so what are we doing
now I just got my hair done and we're
gonna look through the clothes now and
there are so many clothes and so many
shoes so I'll just show you briefly what
we're looking at it's very colorful and
then here all the shoes over here but
I'll show you those in a second so we're
gonna go through and try to pick
something like that so yeah I'll show
you what we end up going with look at
all so many shoes and they're all so
colorful I'm checking out these Manolos
I've never tried on a pair of Manolo
Blahniks before but you know you see
they wanted TV and stuff I also really
like these pink ones here but I think we
have to kind of pick what I'm gonna wear
first so yeah all right everyone I'm
showing you my finished outfit we
finally settled on this I was against it
at first but I actually really liked it
so and then these heels are from ASOS
which is you know nice silvery accent
ooh there's some feet close-ups taking
this seriously weird is they put
foundation on my hands which was quite
cool and someone put lotion on my legs
is a whole new world for me here
okay so we just finished filming our
little segment which is quite cool it's
gonna be up on the Sunday Times YouTube
channel which is cool um if you've never
been or seen the YouTube space before
this is actually my first video me like
eating a cookie I feel like I've seen in
so many vlogs and I'm finally in here
it's really cool and then there's this
huge giant wall of everybody's picture
and autograph so yeah that's really cool
I actually noticed earlier a couple of
my friends so there's Marian and where's
yeah here's a where here's Tyler Oakley
and I saw sauna up my friend sauna
before too which now I can't do it oh
yeah she's down there sauna so that's
really cool green carpet it feels like
grass well it doesn't feel like it looks
like grass though this is so cool just
find out dried pineapple actually tastes
pretty good
there it is in there it doesn't look
very good but it tastes quite good so
Amelia and I are just chilling in the
bathroom um if I didn't get a good video
before this is the outfit I'm wearing
which is like totally different to
something I'd normally wear like I just
feel like I always wear like a more of a
straight edge anyway I'm trying new
things people the only thing is I'm
wearing a lace like soft bra and this
looks like my nipple so this is this but
it's not it just looks really bad so I'm
hoping making like Photoshop that that
was a really stupid decision on my part
but they're the most comfortable girls I
don't know so I think it's time for
lunch and then we're doing an interview
I think we each have an individual
interview and I don't think I've lost
this but we did a group shot as well on
the roof which was pretty cool like just
I don't know I like taking pictures like
that I was just kind of like should I
stand like this like never know
understand but
so it was like trying to balance in
there we're about just like oil but I
think it should be okay so should we go
back and have some lunch yeah okay we
just left the chute there's some
construction going on but Amelia and I
stopped to get a little snack because
she wanted some fresh fruit looks good
it was a really good day I was told that
the issue is coming out on May 10th so
definitely check that out in the Sunday
Times if you're interested there's some
pretty cool articles going in I was told
of a couple of them and some pretty neat
people as well and of course yours truly
see my eyebrows moving there yeah anyway
yes we're just gonna have this little
snack at the end of the day but it's
still quite nice outside it feels so
good I don't know I love spring and
summer weather so I'm gonna eat this
little fruit cup now I love watermelon
so those are gonna be the first one I go
for it's been a while since I guess
you've seen him on the vlog since I was
away in Canada how you doing as you can
see my mom has given him another moose
which is quite nice she actually got one
for her dog and he didn't like it so now
it's red cheese and he's very happy okay
so obviously I'm at home now and there's
not much else going on I can't lie to
you Emil is here Emil is within arm's
reach but he refuses to be in the vlog
today he's gonna go play with Reggie I
think so he says it's his day off from
blogging I'm sorry everybody I'm sorry
so anyway I think gonna wrap up today's
vlog now because I actually need to go
do some cleaning and I don't know I feel
like you probably don't want to see me
like doing laundry and dishes and
mopping the floor and vacuuming so it's
really fun evening for Essie button
tonight anyway so I hope you enjoyed
coming along to the Sunday Times Style
shoot today
like I said I had a great time doing it
so it's the next day and I just got an
exciting delivery because well I was
expecting this but I'm glad it's here so
basically I'm not sure if you've heard
about this woman right here her name is
rosemary Ferguson and I don't know if
she still models but I know she used to
be a model
I'm actually gonna go see her later on
this week because she has a clinic and
she's gonna give me some health and
nutrition tips because lord knows I need
them but she has this book out called
juice and it's just lots of good juice
recipes and talks about what each
vegetable and fruit does for you and how
it can help you in your life so she was
really kind and sent me a box from Abel
and Cole never heard of April and Cole I
think I've had one delivery before but
I'm not I can't exactly remember but um
you can order fruit and veg online and
then here's what she sent me so this is
gonna make juice number four apparently
so there's parsley lemons limes apples
celery look ginger which I love I have
such an obsession with ginger lately I
just love it and it all seems really
fresh and really nice but I'm gonna make
this juice right now and I'm gonna let
you know how it goes okay the first
thing is two apples
so I'm gonna pop these in it's very hard
to juice with one hand so let me just
set this on the toaster
all right it's looking pretty good
pretty green pretty healthy and I'm just
going to juice half a lemon like this
and also half a lime all right so I've
just kind of been stirring it up with
this straw and I added some ice as well
I mean I've never had a juice that was
this green before I always see them this
green and I'm like how do they do that
but yeah it looks pretty good all right
the real moment of truth mmm
look at that greenness that's amazing
okay let's give this a go okay the
moment of truth I mean it is tangy
it tastes like vegetables I'm not gonna
lie I'm not gonna lie to you guys it
doesn't taste like a milkshake but it's
pretty good I think the ginger and the
lime kind of hide the the gross factor
that makes sense but yeah it's pretty
good like I can I can drink it I don't
know if I would crave it but I could
definitely drink it
grandma and I are now in a place called
lemons mill because she wants to get
some wool and yarn because she's
planning on making some more blankets oh
there she is back
