good morning everyone it's me again
coming at you from Canada and today I am
like I feel like I just woke up but I've
already showered it's 9 o'clock on a
Saturday I'm editing a vlog right now
I'm editing a vlog as I vlog so I can
get that uploaded soon it's 9 o'clock
and my grandparents want to go get some
cheese because why not you know you
can't judge someone from wanting to get
cheese so that should be fun I also
wanted to announce that I am going to be
at beautycon London I'm so so so excited
to go to beautycon I've never been to
beautycon before and I'm really looking
forward to it so it's in London I think
it's on May 23rd and I'm gonna leave a
link down below where you can buy some
tickets if you want to come I'm gonna be
there lots of other Beauty youtubers are
gonna be there it's gonna be such a fun
time I'm honestly I'm so excited about
it and I'm hoping to meet lots of you
there so I'm gonna leave the link down
below like I said and carry on editing
you guessed it another egg for breakfast
and a glass of water I was just saying
to my mom that if I don't eat breakfast
almost like as soon as I wake up I feel
so queasy it's weird so it's definitely
time for me to take one let you know
that yesterday a mom when I went to this
place called an amazed bakery
anyway Mennonites can bake let's just
leave it at that and these are chocolate
chip cookies and these are cream puffs
and they're so good
store to get down
some Bee Gees so we're going to the
store we're going to get some meat and
cheese and we're in the car it's my
mom's driving my gramps is in the front
grandma's here and is this like a
special cheese place or keep it going
here for a while it's just like a deli
okay because I know that there's a
particular place where they always get
this one kind of cheese which is so good
and was cheddar created in Canada would
you say hi why do you but whoever
created it I'd like to stay pay
attention okay so you want a pound of
jellied pork shoulder okay should we
write that down or what a pound of
jellied pork shoulder and a half a pound
of old cheese old yellow yeah oh and a
pound of white cheese for Kimmy no no oh
no this is where she gets it lift roll
here well if you want it okay we're here
in the middle of absolute nowhere
believe it or not this is cheese store I
guess they're doing some construction
but we've got a list of things that
grandma wants cheese whole baby cheese
whole if you're not from Canada you've
never seen cheese curds
do you believe that Gramps cheese curd
cheese curds are Canadian and no one
else knows what they are could you
imagine a world without cheese curds
well very
to you yeah yeah they're really good so
a big baking of cheese curds yeah you're
supposed to yeah and then let's see what
this is this is old cheese regular white
old cheese and I still to this moment
don't know what this is cooked cheese
with caraway seeds I've never heard of
this in my life well I don't know what
is it grandma
it's cheese curds that are cooked with
butter in them and in my case I like
caraway seeds in it but it's out of sour
milk
it's like a butter spread okay texture
of butter oh I see so anyway that's all
the cheese we've got now we're doing
some grocery shopping grandma and I
we've got lots of fruit and vegetables
cucumbers bananas tangerines it's gonna
be a good time grandma and I are now in
a place called Glenn's mill because she
wants to get some wool and yarn because
she's planning on making some more
blankets so there she is back we're
settling on two of these and you want
one of these no I'm getting two of those
two of these
but okay make me another choice two of
these I don't think I'll get anything
okay we're not getting I'm going to get
the one above them okay
these you've already got one like that
yeah I I might this just makes one okay
then I'll take two of these yep perfect
what else do you like yellow or not
really
grandma remember when we used to make
those latches yeah Eric and I used to be
obsessed with maybe I should start that
again that's kind of fun you like that
yeah whether I should get this phone I
like blue and white yeah I think could
be a better choice I really do to it I
like this one too yay yellows all right
it's just yeah okay
all right we've ditched the geezers well
mom and I had all these plans to go out
and go shopping and all this and grandma
said I want to go get this cheese and we
thought okay a 15 minute trip but three
and a half hours later grandma has other
plans but it's fine she wanted to get
some wool and this and that and she
likes when people take her so that's
fine but it's just funny isn't it
but anyway I think now we're actually
going to a market what are we getting
there
we're just looking around I think yeah
I've got some things I want to get that
I usually get on the weekends okay so
like different types of food and stuff
from the mark I made me some fruit and
vegetable or that sort of thing I
definitely need to stock up on maple
syrup because every time I come back to
England and people are like oh you've
been to Canada they're kind of like
where's my maple syrup sort of thing so
I always try to bring back like 15 to 20
bottles and maple syrup Nigel Smolin's
we're in at chapters getting some frames
because I have a print that I want to
get I need to get the bigger size but I
really love this color
well it's white but I just I don't know
I just really like it and my mum just
saw these she's like these remind me of
Miss glammy
because who doesn't love a bit of Ingrid
am i right here we are at the Kitchener
market but unfortunately there's only
five more minutes until it closes thanks
a lot grandma I'm just kidding so I'm
gonna try to quickly power shop so we're
in here buying a sunglass with my mom
and misery misery cool yeah we're just
shopping along and she's like are you
from Waterloo yeah this is so cool
do you watch lots of youtubers I do yeah
I mean watch newbie something
yeah
didn't shop and just get to stress away
that's my motto so we're back home now
finally it's about 6 p.m. we've really
been out all day and I'm not sure if I
said this in the beginning but my
brother and all of his friends were over
partying until like 2 or 3 o'clock in
the morning so I actually didn't get to
sleep until about 3:30 which was quite
and safe for me and then I woke up at
around 7:30 this morning or something
like that so we were just having a nice
unwinding time and we're gonna make
dinner soon I'm hoping because you know
I'm pretty hungry I don't think I've
logged this at lunch for some reason I'm
just looking through the footage now and
yeah I didn't vlog this but we did have
a delicious Greek chicken pita wrap for
lunch it was so good oh yeah we're still
thinking about it so I think tonight
we're gonna make something or who knows
we're gonna have to see what my brother
is up to because he did mention that
he's interested in getting a pizza so
we'll see I love food I just love it
again I don't think there's anything
that's Sara Lee wrong with that I like
healthy food I like junk food I like
lots of different types of food I like
experimenting with food okay so I was
gonna show you what I got to whilst I've
been shopping in Canada but I thought
I'd actually do a whole when I get home
maybe like sort of like a spring haul
because I did get a few makeup items and
some new clothes as well which I really
really like so I think I might do a
whole a separate hole in my main channel
which is youtube.com slash se button so
if you want to see that make sure you go
head over to my main channel and I think
I'm gonna wrap it up for now because the
battery and my camera is dying again so
I'm gonna go charge this gonna just
chill with the family hope you know
hopefully my brother doesn't invite all
of his friends over and have another
party because I need my beauty sleep I
might do a face mask so I'm wrapping it
up for real I think this is gonna be my
last vlog from Canada so the next time I
see you I'll be back in London and
that's everything so I'll see you soon
bye
oh hello I know I said
that that was the last vlog but I just
wanted to take you guys to the park with
us today because it's such a nice day
out I am having a no makeup day which
feels amazing just to sunscreen day and
we're taking Lewis to the park but he is
just going great he is going absolutely
pray at this window he is so happy to
get going to a park what's those ears
all right we've made it to the park and
Louie is so excited because he doesn't
actually get to come to this park that
often but it's just like it's just like
Waterloo Park it's a huge park and he's
just really taking in his surroundings
and smelling everything possible like I
guess it's just like all new scents here
you know so he's really thoroughly
enjoying himself right now finally after
three or four days of torrential
downpour it is the most sunny beautiful
day ever and it's so warm I'm not even
wearing a coat for the first time for
like months
I have not wearing a coat it's so nice
and oh my gosh look at these little
ducks here look I don't know if I can
zoom in it's going swimming no I think
it's eating food so I'm just taking in
the surroundings taking in nature
because I obviously live in the city I
don't get to see this a lot of caution
poison ivy
here's a Canadian goose if you've never
seen one this is not the best oh yeah
here's one in here Canadian goose and if
any of you remember this is where I held
the meet up last Christmas that was over
Christmas right now yeah yeah at last
Christmas in that gazebo over there
which was so nice and it's just it's
nice to see water new park when it's
sunny outside because last time I was
here it was freezing I'm just talking to
my mom obviously cuz we were walking in
the park together and she has Twitter
and sometimes you guys tweet her and she
said that the other day someone tweeted
her and said that my mom's style was
point on but I think she means on point
as we're walking I just thought I'd show
you the perimeter Institute which is
here in Waterloo Ontario and as we were
walking in the windows I could see
boards with like physics theories and
all of this stuff that's way beyond me
but I know that Stephen Hawking actually
came here and I think he gave a talk
about I'm assuming physics these are the
moments that I really wish I was when
we're here because he'd definitely be
like this is the building where this
listen this happened but I'm just gonna
leave it to you
the Perimeter Institute it is a
scientific building where they do
scientific research that is all I know
we have the first school house in
Waterloo so everybody would go to school
here Wow some people it was built in
1892 it's such it's actually really
small when you look at it I wonder
what's on the inside sorry excuse the
fact I'm out of breath here but see oh
it's just plain inside Wow that's cool
mom and I stopped for a booster juice on
the way home you booster juice it is
called booster juice
it's so good I got mom like blue is he's
like a cranberry raspberry thing and
then this has mango
I think carrot said I don't know I can't
remember but it looks good at the time
so that is really it for me I'm actually
going to wrap it up and I will see you
when I get back to London
now it's really pumping grandma do you
want to say what you think of it well I
think it's a lovely appearance but I
don't smell anything
