good morning everyone I just noticed
Lois back there oh my god not this again
um he's on the blanket chilly so I'm
gonna make some breakfast I'm just gonna
make an egg and toast a typical SC
button style breakfast
well this light is like a spotlight and
today my mom and I are going shopping
we're going to Yorkdale mall can I get a
what-what this is like it's like a
bigger mall and they have places like
Lululemon Sephora that sort of thing so
I think my mom and I are just gonna have
a little shopping session which should
be really fun what else can I say I'm
wearing my mom's t-shirt today because I
I'm so stupid at packing you know I
shouldn't call myself stupid but
sometimes I just think stupid because I
only packed two t-shirts I wore one year
and this could be TMI but it smells
horrible and so I was like mom's coming
for a t-shirt and luckily she had this
cool one from Topshop so that worked out
oh do you guys want to see these cute
pictures on the fridge maybe I've
already shown these before but this is
me and this is my brother Eric and this
is a really embarrassing picture of
aztl√°n and I Aslan hates this picture
every time I show this picture to
anybody he gets so embarrassed he was so
young I mean I don't know we were the
same age but feels like forever ago we
that was like maybe like two weeks after
we met in real life so the love was real
Here I am again total rocker chick and
my brother brother and I again so yeah
nice pictures breakfast is served as you
can tell I absolutely love pepper pepper
pepper pepper Peter Piper picked a peck
of pickled peppers quick outfit of the
day before we get going so as you know
I'm just wearing this white t-shirt from
Topshop my jacket is from Joseph by the
way it is like you know I wear it all
the time it's the best investment I've
ever made I love this coat I want to
marry it and I want to marry everything
and then my jeans are by Topshop
and then of course I've got my Nike
roche runs so keeping it cash kit cool
keeping it under control today the light
is going in and out so yeah we're
heading out now are we stopping for tea
tea in a coffee or something
and then it's chopping
we've just made it to the mall and my
mom has just reversed down like an
entire row of parking like I've never
seen someone put the pedal to the metal
in Reverse like that before
and we've just made it to the mall and
my mom was saying do you know what's big
here now I was like what she's like
pickleball so I said what is this she's
like I don't even know don't ask me but
she says it's like a combination between
tennis and ping pong so if you know what
pickleball is please do tell because I'm
very curious but I play pickleball yeah
if you play maybe you play yeah tell us
how to do it so we're gonna go in now I
think the places we really want to hit
for me it's Sephora and Lululemon and
for Mom she wants to go to Zara so we're
gonna go there all right so mom and I
just tried on the same pair of jeans
unfortunately it didn't go well and I
also tried on a dress and I look like
mrs. Doubtfire and it hung tiger kids
about the one double sale yeah double
fail so we're gonna go to Lululemon now
that's things Lululemon you always know
something's gonna fit properly it's like
it hoodies
nice like bottoms and stuff but the
reason I'm going there is because I
really want a hoodie like just a sweater
with a hood one that doesn't zip up in
the front so hopefully they they have
one that I like so I went into Lululemon
and I ended up getting a pair of
trousers which I loved in my favorite
ones well they're my second favorite
ones but they're my favorite lounging
ones and I also got a couple pair of
socks because they're my favorite
workout socks so that's good because my
mom says we got to keep the shopping
energy up I remember when I was a kid
buy my used to have a shirt that said
shops will you drop yeah yeah I've been
born to shop baby just went to brandy
melville and my mom just swiped the bag
I got a t-shirt which is super cute I'm
gonna Instagram it in a minute I found
my hoodie which was amazing and I got
another sweatshirt as well but I think
I'm pretty much spent I am gonna go to
Sephora and get
couple of things but I'm not like going
properly shopping Junction I'm just
gonna get a couple of things that I ran
out of like my Kat Von D eyeliner I
think that's pretty much it and we still
have found anything for mom yet she
wants to get a couple of tops so that is
what we're doing now I'm approaching
Sephora beautiful spray this is a really
big store actually I don't know if
you'll be able to tell but it is huge
we're just about to head back now back
home and one thing I've noticed about my
mom is that Mama love Siri how much do
you love Siri me yes I love it I just
did gets me anywhere I want to go if I'm
hungry it tells me where the restaurant
is it talks my friend it's my friend
yesterday last night my mom was like
Siri are you my best friend and what did
it say of course I am Kelly or something
like that yeah so anyway we're heading
home now if we can find a way out of
this parking lots
um mom and I found some great jeans do
you need to help you with that you got
it under control with Siri alright so we
are heading to I think that's it I think
we're gonna head home now you know we'll
see you back there yeah okay and
underneath that now it should say
something about keep private yeah did
you click it yeah then it does it give
you the option to publish it okay press
publish when ready
did you do it okay now on the top right
corner it does the big is there a big
button that says save as press that baby
yep yep okay done
they're still pointing up here
no don't don't press cancel okay perfect
grandma you've done it thanks grandma
all right we'll be home soon bye if
you're wondering what all that was about
I asked my grandma because it's a long
story but I was uploading a video and I
needed it was lovely sure I needed her
to put the video live and I was over
there for about 45 minutes before we
came shopping tried me like press
publish when ready Save Changes and
she's like writing it all down so I just
wanted to call her make sure but she
said that the my laptop went on
screensaver mode and she couldn't figure
out how to get the screen saver off so
it's just it's just funny like I think
like young kids now it's just like they
just know how to use computers you know
whereas like older people they're so
like what is everything but I don't I'm
actually quite impressed that she
managed to do it so that's a big help
too because then you guys can see the
video sooner so yeah still on the way
home now look how long it is outside
it's crazy
you can like hardly see in front of you
doesn't seem like it but like look at
there's all these person you can't see
them till they just come like those
seeds really crazy look who is FaceTime
em what are you up to how is that bad
their life treating you
Wow Wow
are you really saying that oh my god I
think you're lying in fact I know you're
lying
this light is very flattering so I am
going to make dinner and I'm gonna make
some of this quinoa because my mom is
never in her life had quinoa before and
I'm keep banging on about it and she
said she wants to try it so I'm gonna
try to do my best to make it mom do we
have any chicken stock or vegetable
stock yes because it's better sometimes
to make it with that instead of water
because it gives it a bit more flavor so
let me do this so here's the quinoa
looking pretty good a couple more
seconds and it should be done and then
we shall be eating
all right so it's been a few hours since
we had dinner and we're just chilling
I'm actually my mom's room right now
we're just hanging out you know how
people do hang out and do stuff no but
seriously it's been so fun today just
shopping with my mom because obviously I
don't get to do shop with my mom that
much I was talking to someone the other
day I was like if you think about it I
only get to spend like 20 days a year
with my family which is just like insane
because we're all really close so yeah
it's just nice to just do like simple
things like going shopping with my mom
it's really fun so yeah we're just gonna
just hang out chill maybe watch a movie
or something so I'm gonna wrap up
today's video I hope you liked coming
along I hope you're loving the candidate
logs and I will see you soon by the way
this is seriously it's all I have to say
about that so I'm gonna wrap it up real
and I'll see you in the next one bye
so I cracked in the store mom wins like
I'm getting this thing I'm gonna be
singing I was kinda like oh whatever and
then mom picked it out and she got the
send oh it's really nice as walk around
the store was like I want one
