hey guys I thought I were just talking
about the day that we adopted Reggie and
it's up on the vlog Channel I think
actually isn't it that day we got Reggie
yeah yeah I think it is so if you really
want to go back and check it out you can
but we're just talking about how lucky
we are to have this little guy and how
he really chose us and how he's just so
perfect you guys know like when you go
to adopt a greyhound you like walk
several greyhounds in one go and Reggie
was the one Greyhound who when he saw us
he was so excited and he was like just
so happy to see us and he was just
acting like the most perfect little
graceful angel which is like I'm like
the other ones are nice as well but
Reggie was really like felt like he was
very excited and really want to be with
us and have a walk with us which is so
strange because like knowing Reggie's
personality now I don't know he's he's
quite like introverted so it's kind of
cool that that we ended up with him and
we're just saying how there's
personalities match ours perfectly
breakfast time Reggie you already had
your breakfast Oh Oh Richie
so some oatmeal raspberries blueberries
and some almond milk is my favorite
almond milk and this is my favorite
hound I know he just burped oh my god
all right it is time for me to go to my
spin class and I can't find my gym bag
there it is yeah time to go to spin
class I'm actually really excited about
I've been looking forward to it all week
I never thought I'd be the kind of
person who's like into spinning because
it's quite intense but for whatever
reason I love it and I love the Sunday
morning class because the teacher's name
is Tim
and he is so funny like so funny and I
think that's like honestly half the
battle of like working out is finding
something that you actually think is fun
I've never found that until recently
with spin I love it so yeah I love a
Sunday morning class
it's fun it's really fun I don't know do
you guys like spin I'm gonna try boom
cycle next Sunday um hopefully with my
mom if she's up for it but I don't know
she is cuz I want to do like a spin
class that's like more rap like the spin
class I'm going to do now is like proper
celine dion techno remixes like it's not
the one but in a way it's kind of funny
just because of that but i really want
to do a class that like you get into it
because when i was in germany and i did
the spin class with a teacher she's at
robin NYC on instagram it was just so
much more fun to do because the music
was like more for younger people not
younger people but just like people who
don't like Celine Dion so yeah it was
cool what am I even doing I'm just
wandering around in circles water bottle
Jim look yeah where is that I found it
I have like I said in yesterday's vlog I
have stuff everywhere
my house is mess so okay I'm gonna get
going I don't think I'm allowed to vlog
in a spin class but I'll see you guys
what I'm done
Oh spinning class done little red in the
face that's what you want to see on a
Sunday morning am i right it was so
funny I wish I could fill it because
it's just freaking hysterical like the
teacher we got a bike two seconds in
he's like rip it fly it's pretty amazing
I think he's like the best not the best
teacher it's a pretty funny anyway I'm
gonna go home and quickly shower and
then I have to go to a chiropractor God
my face gets so it's a sexy right now
anyway people always ask me why I don't
shower in the gym and why I come home
and shower there's so much nation
I am phobic of public showers they gross
me out and they creep me out
like I will do it but I have to have all
the gear like sandals and like the whole
kit and caboodle and I live right really
close to the gym so just take a
shower so I'm going to shower and like I
said I'm going to the chiropractor
because my back is truly asked like
there's no other way to put it
that's why exercise is so good for my
body because it just really helps with
my back so yeah gonna shower and then
off to the chiropractor's
I'm definitely gonna be late for my
appointment but this little guy wanted
to go outside so bad I couldn't say no
it's just too cute
all right just got home and I'm starving
it's lunchtime it's about what's 140 so
I'm really hungry this is the Bayona
minestrone soup I really love it just
got it heating up here yeah it's really
yummy I love it super good and and I
might make a pot o on toast as well
let's see if these are good to eat oh
yeah perfectly ripe oh yeah
so just as I was making my lunch as Len
came home and he was like I'll have some
of that I don't so I of course made up
some was made me but anyway so yeah how
was climbing right
my hands are you okay yeah it just
sounds in this one thing it always gets
like that like it's just a read about a
system it's one finger are you gonna
keep doing it yeah it's like Willie
Thomas yeah
your hands are raw look at your pinky
yeah no pinky okay no not so what I want
to eat before watch before night you
want to see the USDA they're gonna go
like so it is 4:45 so it's been a couple
hours since I last checked in
I've just been sort of figuring out what
I need for this shoot tomorrow because I
didn't want to have a stylist I wanted
to just bring my own clothes so it felt
like more more like me I love working
with stylist but I think for this
project I wanted to just feel like
myself so I don't know what to bring so
I'm literally just bringing my entire
wardrobe I'm bringing two suitcases
filled with clothes because I'm like I
just don't want to get there and nothing
works and I don't have any options so
I'm just packing everything up I'm
bringing about 45 coats I know it's
crazy now 45 but I'm bringing like eight
coats
I'm telling you but yeah I think we'll
mostly wing it on a day like I said I
can't blog tomorrow but I will be doing
them behind the scenes and I'll release
that later this month so now I'm just
going to try to keep on organizing
things and I have some Christmas gifts
to wrap as well so I might do that but I
can't show you because the people but
I'm giving these gifts to watch my vlog
so sorry but yeah
all is good I want to take a bath
tonight as well so hopefully I can do
that
yeah I have you know I have to take my
bath Sunday night must take my bath and
I want to do a hair mask as well so yeah
so this is what I'm bringing this is
just filled with shoes different
variations of shoes depending on what we
go with and then this suitcase this has
all my accessories more shoe some skirts
jeans and then this is just chaos so I
think I think I've got it on lockdown
for sure I'm also bringing this which is
filled with like Blazers and jackets and
this which has a couple dresses in it
and this which has a couple more jackets
no see you don't bring I'm not bringing
Reggie I wish I could bring him
oh he's tired he's always tired and
Iceland and I are doing the laptop
switcheroo which is only 29 pounds do
good out there yep so I'm excited to
have a much smaller laptop now I'm not
gonna lie guys Aslan's getting a little
bit angry but he refuses to eat until
the laptop transfer is complete so we're
in for a wild ride
I have another hand I'm heating up some
meatballs because I'm starving
hey everybody as you can tell I'm in
relaxation mode it's Sunday night so I
always have a relaxation I've got my
Charlotte Tilbury face mask on I'm
running a bath upstairs
life is good I just about have
everything organized for tomorrow but
I'll have to wake up before 6 a.m.
tomorrow to get everything just sorted
out finally it's a laptop thing is going
well any update where that I think we're
done nice sweet yeah so I'm gonna wrap
it up here like I said I don't think
there will be a vlog tomorrow unless to
Aslan and I have time to film a little
Q&A might be fun oh yeah but no promises
because I don't know when working at the
time okay so maybe see you tomorrow
maybe not but there's lots to catch up
on and go check out my main channel as
well for beauty and the knife style
stuff and that's it so I'll see you very
soon is that I and Reggie sleeping so
I'm not gonna go wake him up right
you
