good morning everyone I thought I would
vlog today because I why not I like
vlogging vlogging is fun and I hope you
want to see what I'm gonna do today
because that is what a vlog is so I've
actually been awake since about 7 a.m.
because jetlag is a real be OSH and yeah
I woke up really early and I just took a
shower immediately you probably doesn't
look like it but my hair is just like
air drying and I'm just you know I'm
just going with the flow with my hair
because I didn't bring half my hair
styling products so my hair is gonna
look yeah anyway I've just been in bed
reading my book Paper Towns I am loving
it so much I don't know if it's because
I'm at home or because this is just the
feeling everyone gets when they read
this book but it makes me feel like it
it makes me really remember what it was
like to be a teenager and it reminds me
of so many like teenager II times
growing up in the suburbs it's like
really nice I don't know I don't know
guys I just getting a text here from
Amelia what does she want
what does she want if you don't remember
from last time don't know if you don't
remember last time this is my mom's dog
Louie who clearly hates me community
come here come here oh his name is Louie
or Lewis and his middle name is Duncan
so everybody calls him Lewis Duncan he's
really cute and he's so soft what the
heck he's like the total opposite of
Reggie it's really funny but yeah he's
really cute what do you want what do you
want what do you do I think I'm gonna do
my makeup now because um you know I need
all the Bobbi Brown corrector right now
so I'm gonna go do my makeup um maybe
I'll show you what's in my makeup bag
I'll show you what I brought here we go
what's in my travel makeup bag this is
my all the makeup I brought with me this
bag is from cause as you can see it
cause I got this in the sale a long time
ago it's like a big giant bag but I
don't know really nice good quality as
well so this is all the makeup that I
brought um I'm not gonna show you
everything but I'll show you a few
things so this is my current favorite
foundation by Rimmel I brought this
powder as well by Too Faced which Claire
gave me and I'm actually almost done it
let's see let's see well not almost on
it but I have hit pan I'm so glad I've
got this Physicians Formula bronzer
which I really like I brought a couple
of the Burberry eyeshadows because I'm
just obsessed with those oh okay what
else
I brought my jo Malone wood sage and sea
salt perfume which I've used a lot of I
love this stuff and what else the YSL I
forgot what these are called tin tin oil
or some crap like that but this is I
love that that is so cute and that is so
cute and what else can I show you the
Too Faced mascara that I'm loving let's
see oh yeah the Maybelline age rewind
concealer this is one of my favorite
gloss formulas but it's like a mini
sized it wasn't like a travel kit so
yeah it's pretty much everything I
brought and I'm thinking of doing a blog
post on the skincare abroad so I won't
show you that so if you want to see what
skincare I brought I will leave the link
in the description if the post has gone
up fingers crossed I painted my nails
this morning with this nail polish I
found in my mom's collection this is
called back to the fuchsia back to the
fuchsia and it is so pretty I don't know
if you can really tell but it has this
like iridescent kind of purpley hue to
it and matches my laptop cover as well
which is quite cool this is a new laptop
car I got actually because I'm minus one
broke I just wanted to show you the
barbecue outside this is what is called
freezing rain people this is typical
Canadian weather it is definitely not
barbecue season yet in Canada but I just
thought that was so funny I was going to
vlog and for the past half an hour I
couldn't figure out how to put my camera
because it was something about self
timer and this not you know that is one
thing when I don't have a sling around
cameras they just blow my mind anyway we
just went through the drive-thru with my
mum and well I just looked at the driver
with my mom and I got a bagel because
I'm so hungry and I love they
so it's pouring rain it's like freezing
rain and we're heading to the grocery
store because we want to pick up some
healthy food because I am on a rampage
so we're gonna go get some nice fruit
and stuff like that but it is really
really great outside as you can see not
the best weather we're in the grocery
store now and everything is so clean and
organized I'm just like so excited like
people are connect I found something
that I need to get asthma because he
told me to get him snacks and stuff here
we go
maple bacon chips that's unique so I
have to get him a pack of it I've always
wanted to try these a nice cheddar
bunnies I always see people talking
about them so I think it's finally the
time where I'm gonna try these so you
normally find eggs in a carton like this
but when in Canada I've always
discovered new things yes that's a Tim
Hortons steeped in my hand look at this
this egg packaging oh no there's a
broken egg down there but anyway I just
think that's so unique and cool so yeah
just wanted to show you that shout out
to Canada's bagged milk selection this
is not a joke people bagged milk is a
real thing it comes in like packs of
three bags milk so we just dropped my
grandpa off at the hospital because he
had an appointment and on the way here
the car was so fogged up my mom was
looking out of the thing as much as you
can see it was quite the ride over here
we were going through puddles and
splashing and grandpa said he thought he
was in a NASCAR adventure so anyway
we're gonna pick him up in a couple
hours now mom we're going shopping
straight to the yes my mom is after this
particular type of Mister things like
it's a I'll show you when we get there
it's like a humidifier type thing so
hopefully they have it because my mom's
been wanting this particular thing for
months I remember the first time she
mentioned it she said I saw this in the
dentist's office and I really want to
get this mister so yeah it's been like
six months so if they don't have it
things are gonna go cray but now there's
like a traffic jam in the hospital do I
really sound like that
no this is you Oh Steve you're never
gonna believe this
I saw this misting thing in the
dentist's office it's so pretty when you
see when you're gonna want one we have
found the oil diffuser so I cracked in
the store mom was like I'm getting this
thing I'm gonna be thinking I was kinda
like oh whatever and then mom picked it
out and she got the scent oh really nice
I was walking around the store was like
I want one so that I ended up getting
one and I got the vanilla scent and when
we get home
let's plug it in and see but that's a
really nice health food pharmacy thing
if you're if you live in kW if you know
it's by the Cade it's okay it's by the
kitchen air driving test center which is
where I got my license I was just saying
my mom was a blast from the past because
I remember parking right over there and
taking my test when I was just turned
seven sixteen crazy times so um yeah if
you're ever in here it's the pharmacy
and this closets really good but we'll
show you when we get home this amazing
thing all right here's the place by the
way it's called mardian natural medicine
it's not right ardian yeah really good I
finally found my favorite section the as
seen on TV and I'm thinking I might get
this aslan was just saying that Oh as I
was just saying that he really wants to
get a fish and this could be the answer
you just I don't even know what this is
but it has a fish on it cleaning tank
I don't know let me look at this this is
what my grandma needs she's got a
swollen ankle I mean does it get any
better
ankle Jeannie that's what she needs my
grandma needs this and by the way I'm
not getting the fish thing because the
fish is not included it's weird tank man
Walmart is so busy today there are just
people everywhere it's insane I can
hardly move in this store there's so
many people
holy mother I want that I want that so
fricking bad but I have already got
enough markers but that is that is
appealing to my senses I really like
these containers I think it's the color
this is one of my all-time favorite
colors I just don't know what I would
need them for but I feel like my
organization would be great if I had
these in my life I think it's only five
dollars for one two three four I could
see myself putting things in here I'm
just not exactly sure what so I'm gonna
think about that but I'm letting you
know I really like it all right everyone
what's in my cart my mom spotted this
for Reggie it's on sale for $3 and I
couldn't resist it has some black stuff
on his face but this is just like so
Reggie style I am getting these
Tupperware things and I'm trying out
something from the flower range which is
Drew Barrymore's couple lipsticks and
nail polish that sort of thing my mom's
getting these lamp things and some
almonds good times we've got it going
now we've got this thing going now and I
don't know if you can really see but
there's a little bit of mist coming out
but I think it needs to heat up a bit
but you can kinda see the mist there
it's really pretty and it already it's
literally had this on for like 20
seconds and it already smells like
tangerine that's what my mom my mom got
the tangerine oil whew that is really
nice wait till my grandma sees this
should we invite grandma over mom's now
it's really pumping grandma do you want
to say what you think of it
well I think it's lovely appearance but
I don't smell anything
I don't get the scent of it it's too
it's too low with the st. of it do you
want to try putting it under your nose
again
no hello I'm back my mom's just went off
to pick up my grandpa from the hospital
so I'm just at home chilling with this
thing wait a minute is this all right
there I love this thing so much anyway
um what is it gonna say oh my gosh I
have the worst memory oh I just wanted
to say thank you to everybody who is
supporting the spring trilogy videos
everybody is so excited about those
myself included because I don't know
it's just like a nice tradition I've
been doing forever so I'm gonna link to
all of the spring trilogy videos down
below I don't know if the third one will
be up by the time you see this but all
the videos are over on my main channel
which is youtube.com slash se button so
go check those out if you've missed them
um I think for the rest the evening
we're just chillin you know we're just
watching TV and having some good old
family time and making dinner and stuff
like that so I think I'm gonna wrap up
the vlog I feel like my phone is just
going off the heezy right now and it's
not because I've got friends it's just
like random emails from like dominos
pizza and stuff but anyway yeah I'm
gonna wrap it up oh by the way I meant
to show you look at this blanket
my grandma knit for me it will have the
nicest thing you've ever seen I'm just
so excited about it because it's just
such a nice blanket I'll keep it forever
it's so nice umm so yeah I'm gonna wrap
it up I hope you enjoyed watching
today's vlog I'm gonna try to vlog once
or twice more while I'm here but
depending on the day because like we're
really just chillin we're really not
getting up to too much because we're
just having some nice family time just
having a good ol little time together so
I'm gonna wrap it up and have them to
eat for dinner and I will see you in the
next one
Thank You fearless can I have a
chocolate chip muffin dozen chocolate
chip muffin yep and a double chocolate
doughnut
