good morning everyone it is Easter
Sunday today and I am actually heading
off to Canada right meow
I'm leaving in 20 minutes and Aslan is
kindly making me breakfast an egg hello
so yeah I was making me a little bit of
breakfast which is really nice and then
we're gonna get going to the airport
unfortunately Aslan's not coming with me
to Canada no no kind of the time for me
guys sorry not gonna lie I had a little
cry about it last night don't get
started Leigh I'm just such like I am
okay I've not talked about it cuz I'm an
emotional wreck at the moment I'm using
this huge tote bag as my carry-on but
that's been see it's kind of filled to
the brim but I didn't really want to
bring my actual carry-on suitcase but I
think I might have to because I don't
want this bag to break I don't know but
then I find like this is so annoying
because then you have to lift it into
the cabin thing and then you don't have
everything you want right there I have
everything I want
all the time so I'm still gonna decide
about that I'm definitely bringing my
neck pillow
oh yeah it's crazy I used to hate eggs
now you don't know this I used to hate
them like couldn't even go near them I
would never eat an egg yeah and now I've
trained myself to eat eggs and I eat
eggs all the time
I love them thank you I trained myself
to eat ice now I want to I've said this
before but I want to train myself to
like mushrooms but I just don't think
that'll ever happen anything maybe I
should make you some egg with mushrooms
I don't know that's that's double
trouble did you get any more beautiful
than this Hound okay
I've just made it through security as
you can see
as you can see I'm an emotional wreck
that's pretty freakin normal I'm so bad
at goodbyes it's just it's crazy anyway
I'm looking for a gate b48 so let me try
to find that somewhere sure it's around
here somewhere my mom wants me to pick
up her friend a particular bottle of
whiskey I think I had to do this last
time as well called monkey shoulder so I
need to find the monkey shoulder then
I'm going to the dam but first I
actually need to go to boots and get a
bottle of water I'm finally at the gate
and I have way more stuff than any one
person sure that I have a suitcase a
tote bag and I also got this stuff here
we're not courting for another 20
minutes but I did get myself a salad for
the plane ride because I well I think
most people don't really like plane food
so I got a little snack for later which
I cannot wait and I have all this stuff
as well I feel like I kind of over
packed but for the record this is empty
it's just in case I need it on the way
back I just landed and I'm
these crazy escalators that advant love
so much this is like the extremely fast
one apparently so
I'm just gonna write this way for a few
minutes here guys
I have finally Lanza's got my bags and
here's my mom as well I've got my mom
pushing the car I'm like one church no
no mom I was so emotional was running
when I left I know what I read to your
ass when I hit a boat I think a lot of
it was read she no kidding but yeah I
was so emotional but I feel totally fine
but if there's just something about this
it's just like it's hard for me as you
probably saw in the previous clips I was
not acting like myself I was like not
even having sentences kind of like right
now so anyway we're gonna find the car
hopefully we can drive to Tim Hortons
can that happen and I want a double
chocolate doughnut and a steam tea and
it's gonna be so glorious I'm home baby
I'm home so I'm just in my mom's car
because um we forgot to pay for the
parking ticket on the way out so she's
just going to pay for it quickly what
the heck is that what is that oh it's a
shadow um yeah so she's paying for the
parking and she's like a stage just get
in the car and wait for me and I was
like okay and I went to get in the car
and I got in on the driver's side
because it's a total mind game every
time I come home I'm like which frickin
side do I reckon but yeah feels good to
be home it always feels weird like I
can't explain it not weird in a bad way
not weird in a good way just weird just
feels weird I don't know I can't explain
it I don't have the words to explain the
feeling cuz it's a feeling that I don't
even know if it as a name anyway let's
not get too deep um I am still looking
forward to my doughnut and everything
and it is Easter today so apparently
there's going to be an Easter feast I
don't think all of my family can come
over because um some people are
apparently sick or something so there
should be a few people and my grandma's
making a turkey which is very exciting
so I cannot wait to feast when we get
home with the family it's a very nice
way to come home I'm gonna get a medium
steep tea with one milk and half of
sugar sugar oh my god okay guys we're at
Tim Hortons and I've got a scream across
order everything
I have butterflies as thinking about
ordering something for some reason oh my
god I stay you need a shower
big time I'm getting all the things oh
my god time ago you're up I haven't
talked the chip muffin yep and a double
chocolate donut and a medium steep tea -
anything to do with with - milk and -
sugar and a medium steep tea with one
milk and half a sugar you don't want the
tip and that's it
yep that's right
oh my god all that's not for six dollars
six dollars that's really light I don't
know four pounds for a muffin a
chocolate chip
no a muffin a doughnut too big tease
that's crazy in the country I could not
do that the time has come
this right here is home to me because
she saved my mom
so go there she blows turkey dinner yes
we got home just as everybody else was
finishing dinner so everybody's pretty
much packing up but I'm gonna eat this
turkey and mashed potatoes and I might
go back for some Brussels sprouts
probably not and and my grandma says
there is also pie but I think this is
gonna be plenty for me I'm feeling a
little bit full after that doughnut guys
I am eating all the things my favorite
black jellybeans mm-hmm
good morning everyone it is officially
four o'clock in the morning
Canadian time and I am wide awake a
little owl
oh man jet lag is so annoying
so basically last night after eating
everything I could see I just like fell
asleep I'm sure I stayed up until about
8:30 but I was just like chilling with
the family and then it just kind of hit
me and I was like guys I got to go to
bed and everyone was like okay yeah I
slept for around six hours it's gonna
half hours that's pretty good now I'm
kind of like what do I do now it's a
four o'clock in the morning I was just
thinking of editing some videos and I
also have my book here which is let's
see Paper Towns by John Green if you
didn't know this is the next buttons
bookshelf video and if you have no idea
what buttons bookshelf is it's basically
a monthly I I call it a it's a book club
but basically I'm reading a book every
single month and then at the end of the
month I do a video on that book so get
involved read the book tweet about it
using the hashtag buttons bookshelf and
yeah that's pretty much it this book is
so good I started reading it on the
plane and I really liked it I know my
friends Donna said it's her favorite
john green book I'm pretty sure she said
that I hope she said that pretty sure
she said that so I'm hoping to like it
just as much and I love Cara Delevigne
and of course she's gonna be in the
movie so as I'm reading this I'm just
picturing Cara saying everything doing
everything and I think she's the perfect
person to play the role of Margo Roth
Spiegelman I wanted to get that right so
there's not really much else for me to
say other than thanks for watching let
me know if there's anything in
particular you'd like to see me film on
my main channel or my vlog channel while
I'm here in Canada give this video a
thumbs up if you liked it subscribe why
not and
that's everything okay I'm gonna wrap it
up and I will see you in the next look
bye PS I have the world's smallest TV in
my room like I I'm not just saying this
genuinely my laptop is bigger this is a
I think it's a 13-inch TV what a
gangster so I've never had one before
mine looks a little burnt on the bottom
do you think that's normal
should I try it seems good
