good morning everyone I'm trying to
whisper because it's very early and
people are sleeping by people I mean
Aslan and Reggie and I'm in our friend
Ivan is here again so I don't want to
wake anybody up
I'm just trying to while I'm actually
letting my dry shampoo soak in because I
need some serious dry shampoo work I
didn't have time to like properly wash
blow-dry style my hair today so I'm just
gonna wing it today and I'm gonna do my
makeup quickly I have my big cup of
water because I need water
mm-hmm and yeah let me do my makeup and
when I'm more alert I will explain what
we're doing today morning beautiful
morning buddy he's a bit Moody last
night hello I'm just cleaning up my
handbag and these are oh my gosh these
are all the lipsticks I have at the
bottom he's not the craziest thing you
ever seen all of these okay
I'm trying to Street hereby on the train
and we are heading to pista village and
I'm surrounded by all these steady
fashion bloggers and I'm just like
sitting over here like dang you should
have worn a different outfit actually
I'm here with Olivia what Olivia did
they always forget real things when I
say in the blog and it's so nice I'll
link to her blog down below you have to
go check it out she's so fashionable so
we have these magical boxes on the table
and I think they're amazing I don't know
if we're allowed but yeah let's do it
okay it looks like a job so I wanted to
show you the food that we have first
thing is this cute little jar of
miniature fruit bowls you've never seen
anything like this in my life
and I can't believe someone actually
took the time to scoop out little
miniature bowls of kiwi and strawberries
that is the coolest thing so I'm going
it's at first and then there's water and
juice and
I don't actually know what this
situation is I think that's salmon so
I'm gonna take a pass on that and inside
here is a muffin I think which looks
really good so as you can see we are in
the Train and it's so cool I was saying
that I always feel a little bit Hogwarts
s whenever I take the train
I mean pets at home in the background
isn't you know probably on the way to
Hogwarts but it's alright so we just got
into the VIP section and oMG is this not
the cutest thing you've ever seen in
your entire life and there are these big
ones over here too which are so cool I
think we're gonna be using these as some
props for some little photos later which
is quite cool so we are in Vista Village
now officially and if you hadn't been
here it's basically just like a huge
stores and it's a lot of luxury stores
with things that are on sale so you get
like basic you can bags absolutely
stable so I think I've got one thing
that I'm gonna get but no no I'm not
gonna get I'm thinking I'm thinking
about it we shall see I'm gonna keep
looking
the Sun is in my eyes so I'm just gonna
add this back so we're just on the way
back now I'm trying to whisper
I'm just tryna
and I have to say biggest regret of the
day was not getting lunch because I am
so hungry
and then our train was kind of delayed
so by the time I get home it'll probably
be close to four and all I ate were
those beautiful
fruit balls earlier which I wish I had
some right now but yeah damage was done
in Vista Village that's for sure
I didn't I didn't want it to happen but
it happened and I found the particular
handbag that
barely loving and it's in this
particular color that I've been wanting
and it was a deal it was a deal this is
me trying to rationalize it so yeah I
got a new handbag which I'm excited
about which I'll show you when I get
home now I'm going to fall asleep and
faint because I
week my I'm very I'm not speaking
English right now so I'm gonna just turn
this off
so I just got home and I've already
changed into my loungewear Mickael
sweater because I was so uncomfortable
for some reason you know it's just you
know you just like want to get into your
loungewear that's what it is now so it's
about 4 o'clock now I am starving I mean
as you know the big mistake of not
having lunch so I grab something on the
way home at the station I don't think
I've had one of these before
it's called a Cornish pasty it's like a
pastry with something inside it I don't
even know what it is because I know
which like an English thing I think
let's see if I can get it out it looks
like this so I've never had one before
mine looks a little burnt on the bottom
do you think that's normal
should I try it Jim good it's um it's
good I like it I'll stop talking with my
mouth over now so I think my initial
reaction of the Cornish pasty was a bit
of hunger speaking because I actually
bit into it and I didn't I didn't love
it I didn't love the Cornish pasty but
I'm gonna save it because Aslan will
definitely eat it I know that he likes
them but um Oh Reggie is looking to see
if you can find any crumbs on the ground
sorry buddy
nope I'm sorry I didn't get more footage
today as I was shopping but it was so
windy outside and I knew that the
footage wouldn't work anyway because you
wouldn't have heard a word I said
honestly I thought I was gonna get blown
away at one point but um it was really
cool basically we were just shopping
around and Sunday Times Style was there
doing a little feature on it which was
so fun and so exciting and I was so
happy to be there yeah I've been to mr.
village once before and it was a long
long time ago so it was kind of excited
to go back and see and they have lots of
good stuff so I'm gonna show you the bag
that I bought my new beautiful Edition I
love handbags you guys know that I am a
huge handbag order I love them so this
is my new handbag it's definitely not
gonna be to everyone's tastes but I've
been looking for a handbag that's this
sort of light mossy green color it's so
neutral and pretty and it's a little bit
bigger because when I go out sometimes
my smaller bags don't fit my
and stuff like that so I wanted
something about this size and the really
neat thing is that the handle is kind of
an odd length it's not super long and
it's not just like a handle that goes
like this either and when I put it on
olivia was actually like girl it looks
like you wore that bag here today which
I think it's always a good sign like if
it looks like it's already part of your
wardrobe it's a good sign it has nice
beautiful leather like this and then
this is the inside I adore these Cloe
bags so much they come in lots of
different colors I'm pretty sure this
was I don't know if it was last season
or the one before but I don't think they
have this color in regular stores
anymore so that's why it was discounted
but I am not complaining because I love
it one thing I will complaint though is
that it just started pouring rain
outside and Reggie's due to go for his
walk but I don't think he's gonna go
when it's raining so I might have to
just wait another hour which is fine
with me because now I get to make a nice
cup of tea I actually decided to take
him out first because it didn't seem
like it was gonna rain quite yet but I
think it's drizzling a little bit so
we'll see how we get on right Reggie
it's raining
Reggie and I officially got soaked I'm
just waiting for him to do his shake so
let me get him some dinner I know he's
hungry you hungry and you hungry free
supper hello I'm back I doubt you were
expecting this I actually just took a
bath and I know it looks really bright
outside but it's actually about 6:30
p.m. that is the one nice thing about
changing the clocks it just feels a lot
brighter outside but I knew I just felt
kind of icky for lack of a better word
and I just wanted to take a nice bath
and the face mask I have which I brought
to show you is this it's the first date
Beauty ultra Repair instant oatmeal mask
I've almost finished up this entire
thing I love it put it on for 10 minutes
smells so good and it kind of like
rehydrate to your skin because my skin
was feeling a bit dry
what else can I update you on oh I was
watching the Katy Perry
documentary I don't even know the
official name to the but I was watching
the documentary while I was in the
bathtub and it is amazing it's the first
time I've seen it I don't know why I've
been putting it
because it's amazing and I have I didn't
really know much about Katy Perry before
this and I just find her life
fascinating and she seems like an
amazing person so if you haven't seen it
go check it out
um and I think I'm gonna stop talking to
you in my face mask and towel now so
I'll see you in a bit
I'm trying I'm trying to put Reggie's
duvet cover back on and as for normal he
is sitting right on top buddy move your
foot move your foot your foot
oh yeah I always do that I stir one in
one direction and then I quickly switch
it's the best stirring this way we're
sitting down for dinner now I got very
dressed up for the occasion and i and
i'm and is over here
actually wait wait I'm gonna hold Ivan
off for a minute we've ordered food
delivery we've ordered Greek food after
about 20 hours of deliberation we
decided on Greek yeah because as they
wanted to get going my boat is going now
to get the milkshakes from gourmet
burger kitchen which is something I can
hardly I always say gourmet burger
chicken are gonna have to get the
milkshakes but that didn't happen
so we decided to go for Greek now okay
it's time to let I'm in back in the blog
I don't you might notice I'm in is about
30-40 shades
Tanner Tanner more 10 so I was just on
holiday where we were you were I know
I was in SARS in Tenerife yep yeah it
was pretty good I mean really what I did
was wear absolutely no sun cream which
is really not what you should do yeah
so can you tell us a couple things about
your holiday what do people need to know
about Tenerife oh okay
well just on the spot do you want to
hold the camera my arms okay so let's
see it's a black sand volcanic island
there's too many old people that's for
sure look no offense like you know no
offense it's just it's just one of those
kind of places I don't know why it's a
popular with with it with the old older
people crowd yeah I don't know why they
like to retire I believe right didn't ed
sheeran write a song called that
Tenerife I think so maybe maybe he's in
Oakland I don't know in other news
Reggie's breath is so bad yeah and since
I'm the only person who ever ever ever
brushes Reggie see I have to get to it
I'm rested in about three days in this
game but I have a phobia of brushing
Reggie's teeth I just can't do it I used
to yeah he doesn't like it when I do it
the food has finally arrived yeah we got
some stuff from a place called the real
Greek we have these little pockets which
are like spinach and feta cheese I got
these falafel things what's in here I'm
in pita bread course the British would
say pit oh this is your wall this is
mine a chicken box pretty much it and
then you got a wrap so I think it's time
for us to officially sit down and eat so
I'm going to wrap up today's vlog though
that is it I hope you enjoyed seeing
today's blog and I will see you soon the
next time I see you I will be boarding a
plane and going to Canada so I will see
you soon bye oh and one more thing I'm
in baked us a pie which I'm so excited
as you can see we've eaten most of the
pie I put it on Instagram so
yeah Ivan just did the world's most
perfect pie slice right there and he
baked the entire pie himself I am loving
it but sadly Reggie's getting his TV
with having a private room poor Reggie
he always just like backs up slowly
slowly back you know and when his feet
hip his bowl he's gonna freak out oh
poor buddy that's nice
so here we go iemon did a really good
slice it was this thing actually I
wasn't gonna vlog this because I'm
literally only having another slipper
this big like that's even harder okay
it's already crumbling
another transfer how the transfer you
get the pipe okay here we go
this mound for this man for this
bouncing mocks he says you're the high
five audio five okay they see eight then
eight yeah don't give me an eight he
says I like you
but it is pretty good it's pretty high
we're still in the park and we are about
to leave and I saw this fashionable
goddess yeah hot on in this wind I know
I have to hold it
