good morning red sheet morning beautiful
boy did you have a good sleep
stretch it up baby let's go for a walk
let's go for a walk
sniff sniff sniff sniff P P P P walk
walk walk walk
well good morning I'm looking nice and
pale this morning I feel like I'd the
best sleep of my life last night I don't
know why but we went to bed at around
midnight or 1 o'clock and I just woke up
wolf it's like 9 9 I woke up at 9
o'clock which doesn't seem like a huge
thing but I don't know why I always get
up so early or I wake up in the middle
of the night but I slept all through the
night and I woke up at 9 and felt great
so now I'm walking Reggie it's kind of
cold but it has like a nice warm warmish
under-under breeze
I met someone from LA yesterday and I'm
saying oh it's so nice out such nice
weather he's like it is freezing in
London but I guess when you live here
it's like if you have a semi worm day
it's like tropical so anyway just gonna
continue walking Reggie and enjoying the
silence in the park there's nobody here
one thing I do feel really bad about
that I'm still thinking about is
yesterday I made Reggie cry
I felt so bad basically he was in his
bed which is kind of like a weird
material and I was wearing socks I don't
really know how electricity stuff works
but I like was gonna go to pet him on
the head and I shocked him is that the
word shocked him and he cried like it
was the worst pain he's ever felt I felt
so bad and then I went to put my hand
out and be like it's okay it's okay
and I shocked him again I don't know
where have we have an electric
relationship but I think that might have
been the first time Reggie has ever been
shocked and I feel so bad that it came
from me oh okay funniest thing just
happened I was picking up Reggie's poop
and I was scared by Jen who came behind
me to say hi and I jumped like 25 feet
which is kind of yeah she she looked a
little I was a little freaked I was in
my own zone like getting the bag ready
to pick up Reggie spooks like oh my god
funny I know we just found out that we
actually well I guess you grew up there
did you
well it's more Drayton but you probably
yeah I know joy no joy yeah but I didn't
last very short we were both from a
similar area of Canada and I was like
it's such a small world whenever I meet
Canadians it's like we all live 20
minutes from each other we went the same
tim hortons yeah good old Canadian time
did you enjoy your lion lion yeah you
slept in - yeah it's all good
yeah oh I see - no my back doesn't like
it
really yeah my back is fatigued really
that's why I love walking Reggie first
thing means walking around ok ok come
sit here
Jane announcement of thumbs up well no
but I was it was like you were gone for
so long I was gonna send a search party
oh yeah well I had the most Canadian
experience of all time yeah was another
Canadian yes anyways Jen as you know you
started the blog we were like talking
for like half an hour exploring our
Canadian similarities nice she was so
nice
she view it yeah she watched my videos
and she actually broken elmire I was
just like so close oh my god elmira but
I just like saying Tucson the other day
how funny it is when Canadians always
find one another but it is true if I'm
like it's just have this weird magnet
there's an additional like it'll be like
Oh anyway should we take make tea take
make tea
take five make tea look at our glasses
of clinking together like two little
losers - two nerds
we've just taken Reggie to the park but
it's so windy I hope he's not wind
blowing that you can't hear me but it's
not like super cold it's kind of cold
but it's really windy but I'm just gonna
hit in the face
anyway so we're gonna go get a bucket
because we haven't had one in what feels
like years but it's been like a month
yeah and see what else we get I think we
need some bread other apartment for
apartment market farmers markets our
farmers market market
yeah there's something on this screen Oh
No
is this screen broken is this lens
broken yeah
that thing he's gonna rub that all right
I got the pocket
I got a mild one it's really busy and
bustling here today there's people
everywhere I don't know maybe it's
because we came a bit later but oh there
is the bucket all right we're back in
the park now heading home yeah stronger
tasting ain't like you know oh man Wow
we also got some organic bread bacon and
bread yeah tomorrow yes tomorrow's big
old Sunday breakfast I'm just like
talking and looking at absolutely
nothing shout out to the people we just
met in the market I forgot to put you in
the vlog thank you for watching our
videos they were saying that they also
got a bucket
they're saying that they also got a
bucket which is felled be ok I T and
they said that they loved it as well so
I'm glad I think this is so pretty all
these little patches of flowers there's
tons of yellow there's tons of daffodils
and then you just stumbled upon a little
patch like this so pretty
we're still in the park and we are about
to leave and I saw this fashionable
goddess this win I know I have to hold
it what are you up to today I'm going to
meet my friend with Jennifer issue a
photo shoot what kind I'm with this guy
Oh with this guy that we met is safe
okay are you a model yes you are
are you taking pictures of yourselves
though will you take a picture why can't
I be cool oh yeah oh you're so cool and
I'm just like big loser over here we
have arrived in Spitalfields market this
was a bit of an on the whim situation
yeah today there is a independent label
music label thing here so yeah together
and they sell their records got the
classic popular in the London event
situation going on
no movement anywhere
I can't believe there's a tiger in
Spitalfields market if you've never been
to tiger here's a sneak peek at how cute
everything is rabbit jewelry tray
so adorable I don't know should we go in
just quickly yeah all right so we are
having lunch now and crazy cold oh I
thought it was called bonitos hat but oh
yeah okay it's called bonitos hat hang
on bonitos had and we got a delicious
burrito and lots of stuff and most
interestingly we got these sodas so I
went with a mango one and as I went for
the Mandarin one and it is so good let
me catch that first bite bite into it
baby
but I have an oral I have an oral
allergy to black beans so my lips feel
like they're on fire yeah but anyway we
just discovered this place Conda Turin
cook
I just hit my finger on the spicy stat
then should we go in and see Jonah yeah
I totally forgot that this is where the
huge giant Paper Chase is and it's
filled with papers papers related stuff
yeah I want to go in and just take a
look to see if I can find some cute
light we decided to get a little
afternoon after lunch snack and we came
to a place called star Street espresso
yeah yeah Azlan there's always raving
red and I've never had a coffee from
here so we both went for lattes as one
has already ruined his design that was
so beautiful expect to see a photo on
Instagram but look at this design I've
never seen a lot to me I've never seen a
lot to look that good
that's a risk of my life and then we got
some carrot cake as well I just want to
just leave it on here for like 25
minutes if you like look at it
we're in superdrug yeah and look at this
dry shampoo she loves that
okay she loves that like cray cray like
the best dry shampoo you'll ever get but
my mom also loves it and I haven't said
this but I'm going home in a couple of
weeks and I wanted to bring her some dry
shampoo yeah so Kelly we got your back
we got your dry shampoo and back for
sure I needed to get some you know usual
items oh my gosh I look so tired
right now I look great tired I don't
know yeah I just need to pick up some
groceries exciting times I kind of feel
like getting some sort of a supplement
like I really want to get something to
suck on but I do oh my gosh Hubba Bubba
did you have these of the kids yeah yeah
oh God but only the purple ones
what is hmm I never know what to get
whenever I'm here nothing seems to I
want something hard actually do that
nothing chewy yeah so what shall I can't
like if these were hard that's what I
would want all right we just got home
what is my hair doing we just got home
it is 8 p.m. oh my god 8 really on the
go since 9 a.m. you know this is the
club hours yeah I bet your head is
really itchy right now yes thank you
probably Reggie's is too oh yeah anyway
so I think we're gonna wrap up the vlog
for now and just have some chill-out
time and nothing does everything so I'm
gonna wrap it up by GJ Simon I'm pretty
busy tonight I remember - I just take a
shower and go out clubbing sound it's
been fun but now see in the next went
bad
four types of drinks and that includes
an W root beer which is my favorite and
I feel like last time we came we got
tons of drinks that we didn't actually
like remember her yeah cuz you don't
really know what's gonna taste like
