hey guys I stays over there she's
skyping back over the mom right there
okay anyway and while she's skyping she
told me to cut up some coal bars over
her and this have a little called bus
conversation um I really like this
amazing polish kielbasa I mean the
Polish people know how to cure their
meat and know how to make amazing life
to dry cured meats I love it so if
you're polish tell me what I like
good car bus can I get any hit me up
with that will be going to win yep I'll
be getting a few bits pieces there and
then we'll be going to Home Center TK
Maxx first they can pick out some items
for herself as well
oh dang my ladies are looking hot look
keener
first up we get here we are at the wing
Thai restaurant busy is in here looks
silicon a good crap all right we're sat
down for a second I was worried she's
like a table - I'm not so sure over here
but then they have this thing they just
threw this on and they gave us a pen I
was like I definitely cannot read this
but luckily it has been closed for you a
very wide menu selection as well you
have a dim sum menu these speciality
menu
and then the normal menu as well those
free menus so yeah check this out
explain this low attachment here SD
button yeah I mean I just notice it when
I was touring the tea into my cup makes
extra easy pouring but it's actually
just like a piece of plastic that they
cut somebody this isn't something you
can buy this yeah you cannot buy that in
your everyday store
do you think maybe in the Wiggio
supermarket they sell that as a solution
to it was probably used like packaging
food packaging or something he's amazing
London Wall Streeters event don't know
why okay I feel like we both have a bit
of a nasty headache or something going
on
I feel a little intense but anyway let's
go let's do some shopping no this ain't
no ordinary red snapper this is a whole
new toy demos wrong red snapper what
like what crap
we're through
oh yeah there you go they're your fellow
Canadians just as grumpy as you are
first thing in the cart
obviously classic lag on my chili oil
you know this is the good stuff good
stuff I feel like I've been kind of
grumpy today but I'm not actually grumpy
for the record it's the weather I feel
so lethargic like I feel like quite
drained but my favorite section is now
to drink section different types of
drinks and that includes an W root beer
which is my favorite and I feel like
last time we came we got tons of drinks
that we didn't actually like I remember
this yeah because you don't really know
what it's gonna taste like it always
tastes different than you think this
could be good this could be tired you
don't know yeah I'm definitely going to
get two cans
oh that one is like stuck two cans of
anw root beer because they are my
favorite and you can't really find them
too many places so I'm gonna keep them
in the fridge for a rainy day
I'm also gonna get a kind of peach juice
and these drinks we've had these before
at Canada yeah
is that right with the cold remedies
remedies lemonade bottles are so cool oh
and what's the green one melon flavored
melon oh hello yay didn't see that one
back there okay that's so cute okay
we'll get all three okay oh my gosh
bubble tea straws I love them I love
them they're so cute and this is one of
my well I can't really point this is one
of my favorite shades of green I love
that color like in general I love that
color
it's the instant noodle aisle people
this is no joke all right guys we've got
quite the wing yet Paul as per normal
but we got some great stuff
I don't think they went too crazy like
sometimes we just get stuff for the
packaging well I just know that you get
so much but it's all like 30 P noodles
yeah
now we're going into home sins because I
need to get a few things for some
upcoming videos and I hope HomeSense has
it it's kind of like the place that has
everything so hopefully they have what
I'm looking for so we found the Lambton
the same one that I have grown up with
that my grandma says was invented in our
family
I don't know marry like Jim Warner on TV
max a hose doesn't think how did all
this stuff get there because it's like
it's literally come from all over the
world like the most random ends of the
world to look the most like weird
collection of shops and it's all ended
up in this one place for you to peruse
yeah it's like a wonderful summary oh
we're just leaving home sense and
luckily they did have what I wanted I'm
not gonna tell you what that is though
because it's gonna ruin the potential
video we were actually gonna go to TK
Maxx as well but there's no need to
because we found everything at home
sentence oh that's sweet so we're
heading home and we're gonna give Reggie
yet another new toy we got him another
toy but you know what I don't care we
like to spoil our dog he is our only dog
and we love him just really mad at me
because I was trying to talk to him and
he was like going like this with the
bags but he did a que ain't putting away
the food he didn't realize that he was
doing the bags yeah I'm like okay fine
you use your package bag
okay it wasn't like this like I'll take
this out it was like this
it wasn't like that and you saying I was
doing that so it's actually the next day
and I completely forgot to end
yesterday's look not sure if what
happened there but we're just having a
little Sunday lunch now as I made some
delicious looking at chicken sandwiches
which I cannot wait to eat they look
amazing we also went to Battersea Park
this morning took ready for a nice long
walk it was really nice and now he's
really really tuckered out he's like
just wants to sleep all afternoon so
here are the sandwiches I might just
open this up just for your own Oh looks
really good and then this is this drink
that we got yesterday ramen a yeah cuz
remember we said that it opens in a cool
way and it really does so we thought
we'd show you this pressed I think I'm
scared to do this cuz I don't know that
I've seen people open up in front of me
but you've never actually done it well
the time is nice oh I see then press
firmly with your pom-pom it's not that
bad it's true mmm I'm very scared people
now what oh maybe like this oh yeah no
did it go yeah oh yeah you see the
little ball goes into it it's gonna call
in this thing Wow
so can you explain what it just happened
glass ball yeah that's a large in the
top there I'm gonna carbonated pressure
so that keeps it there okay and you have
to use this little oh my god yeah you
have to use a little plastic tool in
order to force it down I see so you're
fighting against gravity
gasps pressure the pressure that's built
up by the combination uh not no no
gravity involved okay the grass is
pulling it down helping you
yeah do stupid stupid alright so I'm
going to wrap it up I hope you enjoy
seeing this vlog and I'll see you in the
next one bye to vloggers haven't lunch
like for the past 20 minutes I'm like I
love you so much and I wanted to bring
this up do you remember like two or
three years ago
