good morning everyone I am starting the
day off with a little gym session ah I'm
really not feeling gymvibes right now
but I'm gonna go get it done and over
with
so that I can have a productive mind and
a productive day I just got to put my
socks on as you can see I'm holding my
socks so I can put my socks on and go to
the gym I just got back in the gym and a
delivery has arrived for Reggie Oh what
is this Reggie it's a man a puss oh it's
like this is a major energy because it
has these replacement squeakers so I'm
screwed I'm squeak oh yeah a replacement
swing that's so smart
Oh Reggie likes platypus
Tata pie he loves it oh you've got it
now he's got it now right honey yeah I
was like now he's not gonna stay here
he's really getting through the toilet
the pink monkey shredded to bits yeah
this place is just disgusting we've got
to actually get rid of this I it reeks
even like like over here I can smell how
bad it smells I'm so sorry to the person
who got this for Reggie because it's
totally destroyed now but just know that
he loved it I'm tired of sewing it up
I've done like 600 jobs on this the head
is completely gone actually 12:54 and
I've just been editing videos all
morning I need to frantically do my
makeup because I am going to see genom
you may know Jen from Close Encounters
she's one of my all-time favorite
youtubers I feel like I've known her for
years and I just sent her text because
she's in London I'm like I need to see
you so we have like a one-hour window to
meet up and I need to I am
my makeup right now that's literally the
quickest I've ever gotten ready so I'm
wearing my leather jacket it topped from
cause my these are my new jeans that are
ripped at the knee like this and my
converse just going quite casual alright
I gotta go to vloggers haven't lunch oh
and I am so excited to meet you as you
know I was said like for the past 20
minutes I'm like I love you so much and
I wanted to bring this up do you
remember like two or three years ago you
set me a youtube inbox
yeah about me homesick yes yes and it
was like the happiest moment of my life
because I was like oh my god Jen knows
who I am I just like online so much and
it meant a lot to me homesickness is a
real bitch yeah what United us it isn't
what you know I'm so happy we're finally
meeting and we are having lunch if this
would focus I'm having a quinoa salad
keeping it nice and healthy and Jen's
also keeps it nice and healthy yeah with
the kale I had a really really big
brunch
yeah she did so I gotta balance it out
something a big dinner day woo I just
got home from seeing Jen it was so nice
to meet her you could probably tell my
excitement I just loved her
it's so cool to meet people who you've
been watching for years and years and
years in real life and she's so nice
she's so pretty and she's so teeny-tiny
I just wanna pick her up and hold her
and tell her everything's gonna be okay
oh my god speaking of holding someone
and telling them everything's gonna be
okay here's Reggie oh I feel like I
haven't shown Regina vlog for ages but
hey guys I am just kidding I'm just dead
just dead woke up from a nap actually
look at his little lips trembling
it's so cute he hates having his picture
taken
you want a kid do you want a treaty
bitch you're a dream okay I'm gonna give
Reggie link treat you go
so that quinoa salad just did not cut it
for me so I'm just gonna make myself a
quick little juice it's an apple carrot
spinach juice which should be good
I was so freezing I had to put this
sweater on it feels so comfortable now
so this is my green juice looks kind of
gross but it's going to taste very good
so I'm just going to chill out for about
20 minutes drink this juice and then
we're gonna walk Reggie and I'm heading
out again okay I have arrived smile okay
I've just arrived and I'm here with
Amelia who's looking gorgeous normal
we're always together but we actually
have a meeting right now so the fun time
is ending no I'm kidding but I've ever
ends with us so we're gonna go in and
hopefully there will be food involved so
I am getting a steak and fries because
I'm so starving these look good they're
like you need crispy little onion things
mmm this is just this day friend of a
head COO it's a cape kind of like going
places fashion comes up to us when he's
just like why would you ever want to
wear a good jacket okay look it's look
different but then it's just like then
you stand up and it just gonna try to
put it back up so Amelia came back with
us and we're just now chillin drinking
some water hydrating the bogs
I was life anything to update the world
on well my hair is flat so I was wearing
that puffle oh nice interesting update
nice makeup updating drug still meeting
yeah it's going well drugs for weeks
going really well
well oh we love these Doritos they're my
favorite things ever I was actually
introduced these by Fran and Edie and
there was so so good
and I just want to say this is a little
pleasant surprise because I didn't know
what meal was coming over this evening
hello and you just popped by a very fun
surprise what were you I'm just going to
come down to your level what were you
doing this evening um actually I just
came from work hmm which was yeah what
did you do was there like an interesting
customer or anything actually it was a
that Asia house it's like a three-day
fair okay
Asian textiles I believe the fair is
over there leap ensemble but actually
until Sunday yep there it was the call
leaves your house and you're done now
you're not going to be working I'm done
I'm done selling them sorry girls but
yeah and oh look at this my nose job
what's coming you'll step whatever don't
stretch my glasses Emile do you want to
put those on quick and model them okay
yeah how much done why don't you coach
let's see this look like that obviously
it's not look well since I can't yeah
that's really nice like really nice
electril German professor Harry possible
love Edsel and then there's Reggie
trying to get into this little space for
his food and there he's just not loving
what Oh
so everyone that it is the end of the
evening as was ordered takeout food and
he's talking to Amelia about YouTube
related video stuff and I just showed
you Twitter for the very first time
what's it like to be in the 2015 in the
2015 fusion but
do you know what it retweeted do you
know what a favorite is well I know the
favorite is but do you know what it
means to follow someone yes do you know
what a feed is no yes okay taking the
piss I'm going so anyway we are going to
wrap it up I think they're really like
tired wrapping it up um yeah we're gonna
wrap it up I'm going to go take a bath
I'm thinking you know take a bath nobody
seems to care my seat is so dry lately
I'm not sure why
whoa bad bath and a hydration man has
box oh I think that's all the time I was
like I was like do I need to up like
that if you went through a composition
history answer should be right back
having a bar like 25 million be very
like having a favorite back in the bath
I love them so much anyway I'm gonna
wrap it up I hope you enjoyed this vlog
and I even see you in the next one
