good morning everyone I'm looking nice
and fresh not really emerge he's gonna
try to chase this squirrel
anyway it's been a long time it's been a
long long time since I've seen you last
and that's nobody's fault but my own I
have had a bit of a busy week
and Reggie's pooping so hang on one
second anyway I've had a bit of a busy
week and I feel like I had so much to
tell you and bring you guys up to speed
on and now I can't think of a single
thing so I don't know that could just be
my Sunday morning deliriousness we just
caught around a tree I'm kind of
disappointed though because we're
supposed to do some outdoor activities
today and it's like it's gonna rain
basically and it's cold so I don't know
I'm doing a lot of twirling around so
yeah I'll uh I will hit you back up when
I get home and I will update your
message so I'm having a typical se
button breakfast
blueberries of course thank God we had
these in the fridge because I was
thinking I need fruit and we didn't have
any plus I'm having a peanut butter
toast and some tea and Reggie's already
had his breakfast but he's a little bit
down because of the weather but
hopefully he'll cheer up a little bit
later okay morning guys is Sunday Sunday
the Mother's Day
whichever Sunday that is I think the 19
or something of the 18 and we are gonna
be going a little market expedition
today what market you know we love so we
just finished having breakfast and
amelia is coming over which I'm really
excited about because we I was like I
haven't seen her in ages it's been like
three days but you know we want to go to
this market together it's gonna be fun
me Aslan unfortunately Reggie's not
coming and actually we have two special
guests and Neil being one of them
potentially we did text him and he said
he was well he didn't reply so we don't
know if he's coming over not and also
Ayman who I will introduce you to later
he's right beside me but he's in his
pajamas can I say that he's having
breakfast like don't want to shut the
camera in his face but Ivan's been
staying with us this week and he's gonna
come to the market as well so that's
pretty much it so I guess we just wait
till Amelia gets here and hopefully a
meal and then we can go but hopefully
the
rain and I need to do something about
this hair because you know Amelia just
got here I look like I'm straight out of
the 80s or something I just I didn't
this is air dried every time she does
mr. oh my a dried to have like I have to
blow-dry straighten domenica my head
anyway
we're just having some mini eggs because
my mom sent me a package of mini eggs
because she knows how much I love them
and I'm just sharing them with Amelia
don't pay me don't bite me especially my
groin buddy gotta keep the family jewels
join the little people update No here we
go hi Owen how you doing can I tell them
what we did last night yeah sure
a face mask situation and do you want to
talk about that how did that go with
your first base mess well I'd say it was
kind of weird mm-hmm
but my face has never felt smoother yes
we did the ESOP parsley seed and the
glam glow thirsty mug is that what it's
called
and he loved it he absolutely loved it
we were gonna do the red look like
elastic raven's renewal but that's you
thought that was a bit much because it
like acids puts acid on your face and
yeah
let's just keep it simple keep it keep
it parsley seed so anyway we're still
waiting for a meal you know what he's
like he's always fashionably late and
then we're gonna go to the market so I'm
trying on Amelia's long over-the-knee
boot and a meal is assisting me in
removal there we go
we've come to the classic car boot sale
as you can see and I've never been to
this before I sell this on Instagram and
they have like tons of different vintage
stuff including cars and everything like
that so I think we've got to pay here's
some motorcycles we're thinking of going
for a little merry-go-round ride it's a
beautiful setting I don't know if you
can see but Big Ben it's just over there
it's really not a nice day today is it
that's right it's not raining it's not
that's true I shouldn't be complaining
because it was raining would be a lot
worse but it's quite chilly can compared
to like the other day that was so warm
last week yeah but are you gonna get on
with us go on it's like a weight limit
I'm going over there's no weight limit
if you'd like to get yeah come on
bloggers getting on a carousel come on
it started to rain you're focused here
come on on the face and this weather you
need a really nice stays like having a
real taco like a moment donuts are
happening they're doughnut bites they're
kind of like Timbits in a way but not at
all but they look good I'm gonna try one
I have a trusty fork in my pocket as you
do I'll go for this that was a good
choice do I go for the whole thing at
once
ready
Back to the Future DeLorean I don't know
if it's like the actual whoa but that
looks pretty cool back to the future
we're having a wool set off where the
lazy ones on the sofa okay esday you
make this look easy
just saying hashtag healthy budget
essays gonna win I can just feel it
healthy
you did healthy budget so it's a little
bit later now and we're actually headed
for dinner and because it's Mother's Day
we're gonna go have dinner with acklin's
mom and his sister as well there's just
so much traffic everywhere thank God I'm
not driving it just puts me on edge just
thinking about it yeah so we're gonna go
out for dinner which should be nice I
have a video going up this evening which
you should definitely check out it's
actually with Amelia it's our it's like
a Q&A but there are some hilarious
moments moments that we are still
talking about and we filmed it like two
weeks ago like some hilarious time
seriously I want you to weigh in on one
of the questions anyway I'm glad iemon
can be in the vlog we've actually just
said goodbye to him because he's going
away on holiday and he was just staying
with us like I said for the week so that
was good by the way he does have
Instagram I'll link his Instagram down
below
unfortunately Emil does not have
Instagram yet but I told Ayman to really
step up his Instagram game get some
beach selfies going on up in there I got
you back ladies and gentlemen I got your
back so yeah we've had her a nice little
week a nice little day and now I'm
excited for dinner ooh the food has just
arrived and I got this delicious-looking
salad which I'm very excited to eat and
I also got this bok choy which I adore
because they're so a cell and I decided
to get some ice cream I got two scoops
of chocolate because Yolo it's Sunday
night and why not and what are these
crepes or something so it looks good
excuse us they she wakes up a seat there
you can do it okay there you go
so yes lovely Sunday Mother's Day dinner
is over love you mum oh so yeah now
since I had an alcoholic beverage I
may not able to drive soon that stays
driving three point yeah she doesn't
three-pointer so let's see how this is
gonna go
I'm heading that way yes you're heading
the opposite way here we go reverse okay
yep that's fine go on go on
Oh Frick oh my god fine you gonna wait
it's not a big deal I'm freaking out
that's fine
oh he's not even there now anymore okay
lovely oh thanks nice water whoo so now
we're heading hit my legs going on
together
Oh everybody was perfectly safe right
now so yeah which way am I going good
straight a string so we just got home
and I've already put on my pajamas and
as you can see I'm wearing my own merch
this is my etsy button na√≠vi t-shirt
things which by the way is not going to
be available for much longer so I'm
gonna leave a link down below if you've
been wanting to buy an ID or a makeup
bag from my collection make sure you go
click the link down below because it's
not gonna be around forever sadly so I'm
gonna pick a face mask I'm going to
apply it to my face
and I think we're gonna chill out we
have one more episode of house of cards
to watch so I'm quite excited to see how
it's gonna end
make sure you go check out the recent
Q&A I did with Amelia link is down below
follow me on Twitter or Instagram
and I'm gonna wrap it up for real I will
see you in the next one bye so I'm gonna
go exchange it nothing too exciting but
it won't be too busy she won't be too
mad it's like
weekday weekday so yeah and then we're
gonna go to a beauty blogger events whoa
guys I'm so excited
