good morning Reggie it's time for your
walk guess it's time for your walk he's
like stop dilly-dallying and take me
Extang okay so I've got to put his coat
on and he's collar and we will be
heading outside I got home just in time
if you're wondering why the light is
like this I just open the fridge yeah
got home just in time because it started
to pour rain oh I thought it was nice
but and it turned rainy and gray didn't
it Reggie so he wants his breakfast I
want some tea I'm going through a bit of
a okay so this is my final tea bag was
the last one I have but don't you worry
cuz I have this kind and they also have
another two bags in there but I was kind
of freaking out last night I was like we
have no more tea
the teas empty and I was like oh yeah
I'm a hoarder and I have like 700 other
kinds so I'm going to make breakfast and
give Reggie breakfast yeah right now
wake up wake up just finished making my
breakfast I'm having an egg on my soy
and linseed bread by Vogel's which is my
favorite toast some raspberries and my
cup of tea
mmm and I'm not gonna lie I'm watching
Pretty Little Liars just because I'm
just getting ready to film a video and
if your underwear I'm in my gym shirt
it's because it's a healthy button video
yay I'm so glad I'm not going to the gym
today because I went yesterday it was a
freakin killer so today's my rest day
which feels good but I'm gonna do a
fitness related video so that should be
great so I'm just setting everything up
now I've made myself a second cup of tea
because I needed one and that's what I'm
gonna do now
filming times busy day I am going to
light this candle as I do some work but
I wanted to show you this new let's not
new we've had it for ages but as you can
see it's like bendy it's crazy but most
importantly the flame oh no it's not
gonna work is it anyway I don't have you
can see this but it's intense
it's so good it's from Costco best thing
I've ever had if you're wondering what
candle this is this is the teakwood
and tobacco candle by pom freaked
Kendall company I love this one and
Reggie's gonna be my little assistant
probably not
all he does is fart Oh Reggie world's
smelliest assistant but I've got my
little station set up so if you remember
ages ago I got this from Ikea and I
found it again and I was looking all
over for it so I'm happy it's back in my
life but um
yeah I'm just gonna do some editing on
my little station very excited about
that
and as I was reading it I was kind of
thinking about being alone for that long
and how that's almost scarier than and
you know the whole hiking trip itself
just being alone with yourself and I
truly believe it's time to take cash
register outside but as you can see is
not interested in leaving his bed right
you want to go for a walk go for a walk
wait you want to go for a walk no you
might remember a few might have been
last month or maybe even two months ago
I'm really bad with dates but I had an
interview for Atlas magazine and here it
is it's so exciting I had such a good
time doing the interview and yeah it's
really exciting when I got this in the
mail because I I like I knew it was
gonna be in it but when you actually see
yourself in it it's like crazy so you
can buy this magazine now you can buy it
online and you can also buy it in places
like Selfridges lots of different
newsstands but I'll link to the website
below cuz you can buy it online so my
interview is in the adrenaline issue the
magazine is so beautiful let me try to
find my page hmm ooh there I am okay so
it's a couple of pages this is the first
one there I am a stay in the lond right
there it's crazy to see my name there
like that a lot of people think that
that's like my fake last name that is my
real last name lalonde and I guess in a
French accent you'd say la loaned but I
don't speak French so I
say stay lalonde so here's a little bit
of it there's another picture here these
pictures were actually taken last summer
while these ones were taken recently and
then these were taken last summer so
yeah there they are a couple of pictures
the interview and that's it so if you're
interested in reading the article again
I will link to it down below thank you
so much to Atlas for featuring me and
this I think it is so cool I love the
magazine I talk more about the magazine
in the last vlog so I'll probably leave
a link to that blog down below as well
but yeah cool times I just thought I
would show you if anybody was interested
now it is one o'clock no it's two
o'clock is it - can't be yeah it must be
two o'clock so I have to eat lunch I am
starving and we have no groceries so I'm
gonna need to try to find something to
eat right this second I did have a
banana earlier but banana is not cutting
it
hello it's much later now the time is
nigh the time I say that all the time
and I don't even really know what it
means I think it means like time yeah
anyway the time is nigh because we're
going to Selfridges because I have to
exchange something that I bought the
other day because I tried on two sizes
and I accidentally bought the wrong size
which is anyway so I'm gonna go exchange
it nothing too exciting hopefully it
won't be too busy too bad it's like
weekday it's a weekday so yeah and then
we're gonna go to a beauty blogger event
whoa guys I'm so excited and then I
think we're gonna go out for dinner we
haven't decided where to go yet
well good date I tried to hold his hand
home so I'm gonna take it I don't know
we're gonna try flatline but you know
what that's like we've tried this one
restaurant goals now I'd like probably
35 yeah I like no joke at least within
there 12 times and every seven times in
more than 40 minutes waiting nobody will
get in tonight at Flatiron yes
Selfridges first you look my bags right
in the back there logging in Selfridges
nothing to report they didn't have the
code
in a smaller size
they're gonna order it so Boston's yeah
they're gonna order this all right
everything is so we have made it to the
destination for the Kiehl's event and
we've just been given these bags and
they are empty because apparently
there's something in store for us today
and we're greeted by something two very
handsome and people I got to say yeah
and this is blowing your mind because
this is underneath Monica would never
throw yes you're enjoying parties in
here literally yeah cool okay let's go
I'm gonna try one of these raw coconut
and cocoa balls
because I love balls
did you bake this
bouncing and seven ago the
Oh Mike winner
oh my god is it beginner's luck is it
skill
alright Aslan's gonna try to win some of
his favorite midnight recovery
concentrate you've got this you've got
this
did you get it so now we're playing this
game which is like you have to kind of
like them what's that what's that
um game cold with the doctor operation
yeah you're gonna not touch the side
it's be good a try
but I get a better grip okay this is a
stay attempt I got it to the bottom left
of the decay very very complex shape oh
my God look at this speedrun oh geez
oh okay Billy somebody's been practicing
oh my god how are you so good even on
ring hoop it yeah okay go on
okay
suppose so we just left the event and
now I am freezing and really regretting
this choice of wearing a really thin
jacket anyway we went to Flatiron and
two other restaurants and the weights
were an hour and 20 minutes classic
classic Soho it's just another Tuesday
it is crazy like I I guess just cause
like growing up in Canada you'd never
wait for a restaurant ever this is like
an hour and a half wait to get dinner
crazy so we're gonna try to find
something else now we made it to Oaxaca
oh there's like some oh there we go it
was quick right so we got some chips
salsa guacamole and whatever you yeah
are you enjoying that tequila and beer
over there we're winding down tonight
baby we are going to this looks amazing
look at these black bean and cheese
quesadilla okay the designated driver is
now in charge me they call me double d
double B no more the reason for one
anyway so yes we're now headed home
voila was good to have a car me a
special barbacoa right thing tacos thing
so yeah if you're into that try it out
it's good anyway
chicken very nice it tasted a lot like
vanilla the description had vanilla in
it but tasted it like a lot like vanilla
said enough is like if they put vanilla
in a non sufficiently or something
it was good news Ranger anyway I'm
really proud of myself because I'm not
even using the Sat Nav to get home
I know went off by heart does that make
me a true London I think that does oh by
the way we didn't say that I got my visa
okay yes I stays perfectly legal guys
don't worry we've got it
she's brown go into this when the
cameras not dying but it was very
stressful but yes I got the visa to stay
in England for another two years
perfect Hey she's gonna be here I'll
tell you about this on my next vlog so
anyway I'm gonna wrap up this vlog and
I'll see you soon bye
look at this crazy guy on the
rollerblades what is he doing everywhere
that's crazy
everything back good morning everyone
this is a bit of a different setting I'm
in the back of a car this is weird
because it's before 9:00 a.m. and I'm
wearing red lipstick I should be
sleeping um no just kidding so I'm
