good morning everyone this is a bit of a
different setting I'm in the back of a
car this is weird because it's before 9
a.m. and I'm wearing red lipstick I
should be sleeping
no I'm just kidding so I'm pretty
excited today I am actually doing
something with comic relief for Red Nose
Day and basically I don't know much
about it but I believe ok so Amelia is
gonna meet me there myself and jamie
lang you may know him from Made in
Chelsea he is gonna be there and we're
going to be painting faces and basically
I am I've never painted a face in my
life so apparently are gonna be painting
lions and butterflies and all of this
sort of things so it's just to encourage
schools to get involved in Red Nose Day
and I believe the UK government is going
to match all of the funds raised from
schools so that is what we're doing it's
all for a great cause and I'm excited to
be taking part in it oh would you hear
that London traffic hear that so yeah I
had a hard time waking up this morning
but you know what I'm awake now it's
fine and I had some breakfast which is
good so I will see you at the school oh
we're walking into the school I'm
watching Jamie first because my
challenge isn't up yet and everybody's
laughing at him
okay he's finding out his challenge to
everyone
you get wrong you'll get another bucket
okay unfortunately Jamie too many
questions wrong it's Jerry
wah
okay I've changed into my t-shirt now
and Amelia has also arrived so we're
just gonna grab our stuff and go to a
different location and get cracking with
the face painting oh I think there's a
change of plans basically Jamie's gonna
paint our yeah base and I don't know
it'll it we'll see how it goes we're
winging it okay number three I'm gonna
be quick the clock's ticking you got ten
places and you've got 30 seconds per
face to make the funny face things
so that's one way of it fundraise for
your school because I mean like so much
energy right here energy is just you
know waste if everyone's not wasted it's
everywhere we just finished the face
paint well Jamie did the states
paintings very talented man I have to
say though is prayed three times I'll
leave a link down below where you can
donate if you are interested thank you
guys
you just get that little voice when you
see a little dog like that I just want
to play with you you are so cute oh my
gosh man jeez it's gonna be so gel oh my
gosh so soft how do you brush his hair a
lot I should do don't I like it what is
that weird of me yes okay he does if
it's like a new person he knows you can
like take advantage of oh my gosh I bet
he's just like a hot water bottle at
night yeah oh you're beautiful we just
made lunch and I have to say I'm pretty
impressed with ourselves this looks
pretty good and I think it looks amazing
so we're gonna eat now I just took my
red lipstick off but as you can see it's
still chilling there a little bit but
it's gonna go with it I feel like I have
seen this situation so many times in
Amelia's vlogs and I'm really excited to
finally I was like where is this like
how does this look in real life and now
that I'm here it's weird yeah I guess
you got caught the first time you came
to my film together I was like yeah it
all kind of makes sense in your mind
anyway it's time to eat we are starving
I was so desperate for a cup of tea I
couldn't resist having one and then
Amelia has also brought up these
beautiful snacks which I'm so excited
about and then I love the chicken so
much that amelia said that I can take
and talk my mouth but Amelia said I can
take one of these seasonings home and
then she really thinks Aslan will like
it as well so I'm excited to try this
doesn't it smell like spring it does
it's so nice okay so we're heading home
now I'm parting ways with Amelia we just
had a meeting at storm we actually had a
phone interview with a magazine it was
like a joint one which was really cool
hopefully we answered everything okay
it's always nerve-racking I don't know
so if you haven't already guessed storm
doesn't just look after amazing models
they also have a youtube division which
is really cool so they help us plan out
our bigger projects like the comic
relief thing that we did today so that
was really cool I can't wait to see the
interview you will see it girl was gonna
get run over by his car laughing I'm
sure you'll see the interview on our
Twitter I will tweet it when it comes
out it should be really in some fun
hopefully um so yeah watch this space
basically and now it's time to part ways
and head home I mean he's looking a hot
in these sunglasses so yes it's actually
not too cold right now like considering
I'm just in this jacket I thought it
would be freezing but it's nice it's
really nice out I'm really spring it
spring is sprung can you tell I'm hungry
because I'm not thinking right I'm like
I'm like looking over here but thinking
here and talking to you
I was poked you in the eye so I'm just
walking home and I see Reggie he's
getting his evening walk you're looking
beautiful today yeah he's not even
wearing his coat today because it's not
even that cold and he's loving it he
feels so free without his coat on
alright let's go I'm so happy to be home
with Reggie Reggie's beautiful
what have you been up to he's like not
mine's just sleeping you know just
hanging out doing the usual staring up
at the ceiling sleeping waking up so
it's around 6 o'clock at night now and
not gonna lie I'm feeling pretty tired I
actually woke up last night well yeah I
woke up last night at 4:00 in the
morning couldn't get back to sleep until
like 6:00 and then I actually woke up at
6:45 so didn't get the best sleep and
I've been out all day so my blood sugar
levels are low I have to drink this
orange juice or else I feel like I might
faint would it be ridiculous if I went
to go take a bath right now I think
that's what I'm gonna do this morning
when I woke up super early I was
I can't wait to be hot at home watching
Pretty Little Liars in the bathtub hates
Pretty Little Liars whatever it's good
okay oh oh he wants to be pet so bad so
bad you don't even know oh my gosh I met
Amelia's dog today Duke yes like cutest
fluffiest thing I've ever seen in my
entire life
like you can't even feel its head but
you can't even feel it his skull
basically because there's so much buzz
isn't that crazy
so cute so nice yeah really well waved
you were small though yeah I didn't hear
him bark once yeah he was so nice no I
don't think they'd get along Ritchie was
you know if Reggie was hungry that day
or something that's just one swallow for
Reggie no he's nice Aslan and I were
very bad we got pizza and because we
didn't reach the threshold for the free
delivery we got these sticks it was
totally my idea I'm not gonna lie
and this no he's more interested in the
cardboard let's be real all right so as
you can see I have just had a bath did a
hair mask did a face mask anyway I'm
gonna eat my pizza
chill out watch Pretty Little Liars and
enjoy my evening so I'm gonna wrap it up
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and like I said
I'll leave all of the appropriate Red
Nose Day links down below we had such a
great day today yeah it was really fun
but I am very tired now and I'm hungry
so I'm gonna eat uh yeah I'll see you in
the next one bye
I'm a horse your horse is gonna sheep
it's not as cooler than a snake
you're safe your mom's a horse excuse me
