good morning I thought I'd show you the
makeup I'm wearing today this is the
bareMinerals complexion rescue I have
been obsessed with this definitely going
to be in the favorites and you use my
collection concealer these drawers are a
disaster what else shall I use a little
bit of that and a little bit of bronzer
and that's all I'm gonna choose for now
is this what you want
oh Barracuda on a quick very quick tour
in London today
first stop is big man
okay we're walking out of the tube
station into the light of day actually
looks quite pretty what are we gonna see
what are we going to see there's the
London Eye Oh got to go up all these
stairs Oh walking up stairs is fun and
and I'm wait for it wait for it wait for
it boom Oh beautiful London there we go
I feel like I've given people tours of
like the site so many times but tore it
away it's still fun for me so it's nice
I'm like kind of near the water so I
kind of feel like my camera's just kind
of fall in the water I don't know if
anybody else feels like that but I don't
want to drop my camera is lean
okay is that your hand your beanies
amazing I love it
the camera and another terminal he had
an erectile and you know say the same
thing in Russian so we're in Oxford
Circus now and I'm trying to explain
that you can walk like diagonally
through the street so we're like in the
middle of the road right now it's pretty
cool Edie is really fascinated he loves
it
in the centre of Oxford Circus whoo so
we're right in front of liberty and Fran
and I are having a moment because
friends like it friends like I remember
the first time we went there together
yeah but I don't think I've loved when I
actually met Fran for the first time oh
we met ages ago a year ago and then
we've kept in contact and became friends
but Liberty is so nice I absolutely love
it whenever anybody comes to London I'm
like can we go to Liberty please so nice
I love the flowers outside hmm
we're taking them to Whole Foods they've
never been inside a Whole Foods it has
to happen we're now approaching
Piccadilly Circus and if anyone's ever
been in this place doughnuts don't wait
a minute we didn't go in that place whoa
oh yeah I was gonna say I've always
wanted to go in this place I really
wanna get it but we've actually been in
and I don't even remember so can't be
that great but onwards and upwards
Piccadilly Circus time it's actually
nice to walk around today on a Sunday
before noon it's not that busy is weird
because normally it's weird and speaking
weird we've got we've got this situation
these guys creepy this is eros and if
you stand under where he I can't think
puts his arrow you can fall in love so
we're gonna take Fran and Ed's picture
there but they're already in love so I
don't know what that means they'll fall
more in love oh isn't that cute
they always do like funny pics like
poses is so funny
we're like brave brave man going inside
the telephone booth which we're now
calling the pee chamber because it
smells so bad
we're in Leicester Square and they've
got all of these like games and stuff I
guess it's for Chinese New Year but I
suck at arcade games and frankly I just
I think it's all a con you can't win but
that big snake looks pretty cool
everybody's little like fire I don't
think I've ever been during Chinese New
Year's oh cool info about Chinese New
Year that you want to do if you're the
goat slashy finally the lease attractive
with animal I'm a horse your horse host
is good
a sheep we have it's not as cool as a
snake your sheep on snake your snake
your mom's a horse excuse me
it's really busy here there's some music
I think they might be doing the thing
with the thing thing what's that thing
the dragon I think they might be doing
that yeah I think yeah I love that so
we're in foils that was cold hmm
bookstore and I've chosen three things
yeah once you take first thing is
actually not washi tape it's a tape
dispenser oh wow I really like it yeah
does that way show you when we get home
and then this moleskin because I
freaking love the color very nice even
that's a soft cover I kind of like it
but yeah and I got this for my mom
Thinking Fast and Slow I hear that's a
really good book and if she says good
I'm gonna read it too have you heard
much about this no I have not
well it's supposed to be really good
it's my first time at Chipotle first
time ever seems pretty good I got a
chicken burrito salsa sour cream
guacamole and two bags of chips because
we're really hungry
the kids I found Reggie oh my god look
at his tail looks just like him feels so
cute hey mate I'm actually at home
sleeping right now so yeah so we're in
the London graphics center and fred is
loving it like if you're a creative type
just look at the paper selection look at
the notebook selection everything is
incredible of course I'm getting some
cupcakes oh my god it's too much but I'm
getting these tiny little mini ones
they're so cute but I guess when you get
six of them and it equals a big one but
you know how it goes eating it for the
first time okay Fred got these ones I've
never had a vegan cupcake before have
you yeah are they good
okay okay let's just stop and you can
try it
because these are my favorite cupcakes
Lola's so if anything this should be
good is it good and that strawberry and
coconut I think looks juicy and good now
it is my time to shine actually can you
peel the thing off not enough hands
oh my god destroying itself
the handoff was not
now we are exploring a coven garden just
to show them what it's like inside it's
cool I'm gonna like Covent Garden and
found a cat and the cat loves it this
cat is always around it's a big one
isn't it sad times Fran and Ed are
leaving say bye Oh
friend is just like the type of person
who really wears her heart on her sleeve
and she just she aw she's so cute but
anyway more importantly they forgot
their cupcake on the kitchen table
because they got to and they were gonna
share the second one on the way to the
airport but they forgot it so as then
grabbed it and ran outside and tried to
chase after them it's like pouring rain
it was very action movie esque so I
don't know if he managed to give it to
them I'll find out in a second
anyway I'm making tea two cups right
here yeah pretty excited about that it
was a really fun weekend it was really
cool to have them staying with us and
getting to know them a bit better on a
more intimate level and I'm sad to see
them go but you know what I'm getting
better
I could byes because it's not goodbye
let's just see you later it's been a few
hours since I last saw you I might be
looking a bit huh because um I've just
been doing a laundry tidying up I'm
going to edit yesterday's vlog and
upload it now gonna read my book and
there's nothing really else to report
today so I'm going to wrap it up for now
I hope you enjoyed this video give it a
thumbs up if you did I think it's just
like doing a dance over there and yeah
hope you have a good week and I will see
you in the next one bye I would say that
thank you
so these are nice and Corinne show that
must be enjoyed very much nice that was
such a professional little speech there
that was nice
she knows I'm pretty exhausted of a week
of partying so I'm going to bed now I'm
pretty annoyed I can't go for a walk
cause it's raining but maybe later my
mom will take me out I don't know so see
you later buddy we are having a girly
spa evening you could say really look at
the wrinkles no kind of Hills no though
