good morning everybody oh I managed to
sleep in a little bit today which was
amazing Aslan was such a legend because
we basically you know how I was I
ordered food to our house well the only
delivery slot they had was today at 7:30
in the morning
it's a Saturday by the way and the
doorbell rang at 7:30 and I was like oh
no oh God oh and Aslan got the door and
put all the groceries away so he was
amazing anyway um I forgot to end
yesterday's vlog but I mean you guys get
the gist we went out for dinner it was
really lovely Aslan's birthday was so
nice and yeah I I kind of liked him so
you know it's kind of crazy we were
talking about how that was the eighth
birthday we've celebrated together his
eighth birthday was celebrated together
so he's been together for quite a while
and we still love each other so good
cuteness over I in the middle of
something very so when I got back from
Germany
I literally just threw all my clothes on
the floor and on the bed and I really
need to put it away I did make my bed
this morning which was you know a minor
victory but now I've got to put all this
stuff away later on today we're gonna
take Reggie to the park we don't always
take him on a Saturday although it's
really rainy and grey outside but it'll
be ok we'll put his coat on and he'll be
fine and but maybe it'll stop raining
that's what I hope and also it's kind of
a busy week actually because my mom's
actually coming on Tuesday night so
today's Saturday tomorrow
I actually am going to be just
organizing my life so that when my mom
comes I can spend as much time with her
as possible and then Monday I have just
to let you guys know my sched not that
you care but I'm actually trying to work
it out mentally myself Monday I have a
shoot all day long from 8:00 in the
morning which goes until the wee hours
of the evening it's I can't vlog on
Monday but I'm going to do a behind the
scenes which I can put up later in the
month so technically I'm not missing a
vlog Wednesday I'm just putting it up
later it is the most exciting thing I
think
ever done career-wise and I'm so excited
about it I know this is really annoying
that I can't tell you right now but it's
been a very long time in the making and
I'm just so happy and I just it's it's
crazy crazy cool I'll say more in that
video so anyway I'm going to do the
glamorous job of putting all my clothes
away and figuring out how long it's
gonna take me to clean our house today
probably gonna be a million years
because there is stuff everywhere like
I'm not I'm not joking like there's
stuff everywhere so I need to really get
on top of this so wish me luck
all right great success I have finished
I have not put Aslan's clothes away
because he doesn't let me he has a very
interesting system that he he likes to
call the ball up and shove wherever
their space method so I'm not allowed to
go near it because I like to fold things
and he he refuses to fold he likes he'll
basically like if I were to pretend to
be him which he's gonna get mad when I
do this this is what you would do you
just ball it up just simply shove it in
there like that I mean this is this is
the this is the as loud method don't
know why I just did that but yeah so
it's 1:30 and Iceland Reggie and I are
heading to the park
I just finished uploading yesterday's
vlog and I've been typing up a little
blog post and just doing some of that
stuff but now it's time you can hear the
car so he's a really really excited he's
like yeah we get to go to the park you
get so happy when we go to the park so
yeah I think it's not too too cold but
I'm gonna wear my hat anyway cuz it's a
I think it's gonna start raining but I'm
excited to get a bucket cuz we haven't
had one for a while so let's go to bark
also this like lip thing I'm wearing I
put it in my whole video which is coming
out soon but I'll just show you guys
anyway it's the benefit posy balm and I
think it's really pretty it's really
brightening it's kind of springy but I
think it's nice we've just made it to
the park and despite it being incredibly
grey a cloudy it's quite nice actually
and no it's not cold it's just nice um
and I met a puppy his name was Hendrix
he was four months old and he was so
cute he was jumping all over me was he
cute it was very cute
it's like a lab like a full month lab
and it's like the definition of a puppy
yeah very puppy mister you didn't like
that puppy though did you
you were scared okay Reggie's going
absolutely berserk I can't even find it
was going so fast but I just ran into
Alex Babb Ski who is a makeup artist and
I'm actually Hince working with him on
the shoot on Monday and he was like
walking down the street he's he's a kind
of a big deal he was walking down the
street and he's like I stay I'm like
Alex it was so weird anyway so that was
kind of cool and now we're gonna go get
a bucket don't know why I'm out of
breath she's right over here distres
ready yeah so lunchtime oval farmers
market is lit it is lit today yeah
there's like so many stalls on either
side normally there's nothing over here
and there's even a live musician that's
pretty cool and the lights are so
festive and beautiful guys I don't know
if you can see this a big deal Santa's
here come on focus on Santa arias he is
buying a scotch egg we've been waiting a
long time for our buckets and Reggie is
not loving it
he is so annoyed all right here they are
in this bag two buckets very exciting
Reggie really want some you guys you've
seen these before but it's basically
just like a pastry put some meat inside
and vegetables so yummy
look who's joined us this is a cell
Azlan sister yeah might have seen her
but she's kind of popular in the bugs I
love your earrings thank you so much and
I like your hat very cute so amazing you
don't see you girlfriend oh it's been a
while it's been a while and we're nice
in such a rainy day it is so gloomy oh
oh well it's okay cause Reggie - Reggie
started chasing balls now which is crazy
it's like something we never thought
he'd do and he loves it okay I'm not
sure how much of this comes off on
camera but it is like so gray guys like
it is so grand ugh it's like I mean the
camera is really brightening things but
it feels like nighttime it feels like
it's about 7:00 p.m.
yeah Reggie wants to go home well let's
go buddy for like maybe three hours yeah
quite a while he's not unequip it Reggie
just had his dinner and he's gone a
little crazy he's got um a new bed
situation it's to do Bay's and even
loves it he loves it are you exhausted
or what that was the long walk that was
a really long walk all right it is 4:00
p.m. baby
let's relax ladies and gentlemen cuz we
gotta get some tea watch some TV
mm-hmm make us sleepy yeah today is a
relaxing day I mean where is saying in
the car like God what happened to today
I just flew by
like that's that's our curtains by the
way I'm pretty really quiet they're
really loud and annoying but they are
quite futuristic so it's kind of cool
Reggie hates yeah like woke up and it
seemed two or three hours passed and
suddenly doc yeah I mean three fans only
like four o clock anyway in foil but
cattles let's make the teeth give this
tea a nice stir this is an instant
pick-me-up here you go your royal
highness
thank you guys are my slippers adorbs I
think they're the cutest things ever
they're from monkey on a sauce if you're
wondering also I was sent a bunch of
beauty products in the mail and I just
opened them and I got loads of stuff
from way I love way so much they sent me
a shampoo and a conditioner they also
sent me another pack of the treatment
masks which I'm happy about cuz I bought
these from Sephora and I loved them but
I've only got one or two left
they sent me a hair oil which is also
great because my last one was in my skin
care bag and I left it like open a
little bit and it spilled everywhere
okay anyway moving on I also got the
finishing cream which I've never tried
and Paul and Joe sent me a bunch of
little gift set things here I don't know
what they are oh I think it's nail
polish that's cool look at that in a
minute
and then a little bumble and bumble
shampoo conditioner and a hair spray so
thanks everyone it's very exciting so I
have this like travel neck pillow thing
and we just thought it would be a good
idea to put it around Reggie's neck and
he loves it like seriously he we just
put it on his neck and he's been knocked
out like this for the past like 25
minutes
he is so comfortable
meanwhile Aslan's wearing my robe
you compassionate style you like it yes
I love it that's why I bought it and
give it back no it's a rope made out of
a freaking duvet it's amazing this will
also be in my home video coming up soon
he's still comfy do good just trying to
find an angle here Ellie go pray both
with me and I stay without moving I
think this will do this is perfectly
natural vulgar angle so just so you guys
know what 220 something just get up - on
a Saturday night
we were we were planning on doing a
laptop transfer for a stake as I stay
got a new laptop then you might be pro
with touch both 13-inch because she
wanted to downsize you know she's coming
to that part of my life
she needs to downsize something what
compatible so heavy big and heavy she
can't handle it is just too much hard
drive for her so guess what guys the
problems with USBC have surfaced Apple
being Apple only provided USB C inputs
and unfortunately we didn't get a USB C
to thumb the board at so so we can't do
the laptop transfer tonight even
though this has been planned in the
works for so long so now I have to i
probably gonna end up getting on an
Amazon like Next Day Delivery or
whatever Apple why why do you do this
like you invested in fundable so much
made everybody believe Thunderball was
the future
I bought a Thunderball hard drive you
know and now you just ditch them for USB
see like yes PC came along you just
ditched on the ball like you had no
frickin loyalty there
you ain't loyal happily loyal you know
that some these H ain't loyal
Apple Inc loyal to their user interfaces
not user interfaces to switches you know
so you go to Google USBC to thunderbolt
adapter to USBC to thunderbolt adapter
last name stuff guys fast
that 42 pounds no yeah this is moose why
Apple's doing it in the short time they
get all that because she's pushy she get
all my pictures from that is it the
official Apple one or is it USB type-c
two female VGA know you don't want VGA
what is this mm like I I don't get this
stuff I mean it's pretty remarkable
considering I did work at Apple for six
months I mean you also spelled USB see
like USD see oh one word it's not no
anyway yeah I'm kind of irritated
because tonight was the night where we
were gonna do this but I suppose we can
do it tomorrow night yeah we're having
another night of doing absolutely
nothing tomorrow so it's fine it's
totally fine as you can see I'm very
comfortable very cozy so I think I'm
gonna end the vlog here I'm eating a
cherry that's the pit probably didn't
want to see that anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'll see you
tomorrow it's gonna be a Sunday tomorrow
it's gonna be a lot of a lot of
organizing stuff going on tomorrow I'm
also gonna do a spin class I think and
you're you're going climbing I think so
yeah it's gonna be a nice Sunday chilled
out yet productive so I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye Jeannie I'm pretty sleepy
so uh
you
