good morning everyone and you're
probably lose this girl I've run away
with friend it's the first time I think
yeah yeah so this is Fran and you've
probably heard a friend before because
she draws all of my amazing stuff things
like she draws everything for me when I
need something she draws it she is an
illustrator extraordinaire and what is
your channel name friend Erin 13 because
friend was already taking there yeah
okay I'm gonna link her channel below
she does amazing illustration videos and
you also did vlogmas yeah you're
vlogging and stuff the prize but anyway
Fran and her husband Ed are staying with
us for a few days we've had like quite
quite an intense couple of days like
yeah evenings anyway good tired really
tired yeah
and we basically you know that I'm not a
party animal but last night it was like
2:00 a.m. and I was still awake it was
intense it was weird it was weird but
you were holding strong it was yeah you
know and then I when I got in bed I was
just like flopped over and I never slept
like that
but then I woke up at 7:30 so I have
like five hours of sleep I don't know
yeah
so we're not doing anything major just
eating raspberries drinking tea and
talking but I should probably shower
because I think we're gonna go to the
park soon can we show them some of your
drawings yeah sure okay so I bought this
notebook really recently that was me
yeah and this was the time where I was
on a coffee shop mmm it was really cool
these are apparent even quite a lot yeah
yeah I love those I think there's like
but scarves but on your hand yeah so
weird headband that's really cool
this one really grumpy I love everything
do you feel that way like right now
no but most of the time we get why are
you doing this to me camera by brand has
been doing more artwork and I think this
is one of my favorites yet it is so cute
there's Aslan as Reggie and we were all
kind of like making fun of Aslan's
wearing this hat all the time so we were
all kind of making fun of the fact that
he's always wearing this hat and it is
so cute you're beautiful beautiful so
we're in the park now the park that
you've seen hundreds of times before the
park that we go to every weekend but we
thought we'd bring Fran and Ed as well
oh hey hey so weird to go I was like
okay they are so you've already met
friend but this is Edie just right there
and he's a guy what can we say about
YouTube what do people need to know
you're sweaty
yeah to touch yeah like yeah so we're
gonna go to the market part and I think
we're gonna get I'm gonna get a bucket
and I think they might get a bucket
we'll see but I don't even know if you
can hear me because of this wind and are
you sure you don't want a hat I mean I
didn't even bring one but it's okay yeah
but it's cold you know how excited I get
about flowers but look at these flowers
it's February and this is happening it's
amazing I think I just stepped in
like I think I did something slid under
there anyway I love when I can start to
see these flowers it's just like gives
me it's coming it just gives a little
burst of sunshine in my life you know oh
so pretty
I'm gonna have to take an Instagram of
this
Aslan's just explaining what a bucket is
we are just like trying to convert
people all the time so I think we're all
gonna get a ball kid maad she's like I'm
not gonna get a bag oh my god okay there
we go so I'm just sitting here petting
Reggie trying to calm him down and Laura
came to say hi and she was just saying
that she watches our videos and it's
really cool do you watch lots of videos
yeah yeah well I just might have my
housemate will be so jealous oh my God
he's obsessed with Reggie he's like he's
loving it oh yeah just saying Reggie's a
bit kind of like worked up I don't know
there's a lot of people around and he's
just not feeling himself today but we'll
give him a little snack and he'll be
back to his normal self
I completely forgot to vlog the bucket
eating moment it was so good we all had
them they were delicious and Tom from
temptation brought over some hemp
brownies which will be trying later yeah
man it's gonna be amazing okay we're
leaving the market but ladies I just
want to say Tom from temptation I can
confirm that he is single I've got you
covered on that front because in the
last vlog that he was in everybody was
like Tom who's Tom I was talking about
that he's just like I am single just to
let you know so if you ever want to say
hey hey to Tom he is available really
nice guy I love Tom I think he's a
really really good person
I have nothing else to say about Tom my
hands are freezing look at our little
squad Fran Edie Aslan I think ed must
have stepped in something by the looks
of things squad goals Reggie was just
running around so much like so super
fast everybody who was walking by was
like well how is that a greyhound
he looked truly happy amazing so we just
got back from the park and Reggie has
some very dirty feet oh my god it feels
guilty like I definitely need to mop
ma'am
Oh reg oh now he is completely relaxed
relax his own he was running so much in
the park did you get any of that one
footage no I didn't know he was running
like a lot like an abnormally large
amount you never know he runs like that
so he must have been really pent up you
know so now he's in full relaxation
isn't that right Reggie isn't that right
buddy oh yeah that's right come on
stretch it out stretch it up buddy but
friend just left
that's what you do the clip on but
honestly like I was saying earlier that
we have been party animals yeah we have
what everybody's going on the press
trying to make it seem like it was a
friend think it's like we're not even
trying to impress I just don't know how
that happened but nothing we're quite
tired yeah so in the next couple hours
I'm gonna read my book wild for the book
club because I am not done it I'm
freaking out because I have to do a
video on it and I am NOT finished it I'm
like I've been so bad with reading this
month because I've just been busy doing
other stuff I think we need to do is the
devote hold
just reading I think you were surprised
once you get into the group how far so
we'll get through it
I'm sure I'm sure I could read a book in
a day but it's just like doing I don't
know I won't even bore you with that but
it's a good book and I'm enjoying it
it's just actually taking the time to do
it but it's been good it's so nice
having friend and Edie here and I'll be
editing my worktop video Wow I actually
edited now I just need to find music for
it that's the hardest part
but the final hot step that kills you I
think right minutes yeah oh yeah look
forward to that soon the worktop and I'm
not sure what we're doing today I think
we're all quite tired so Fran and Ed are
going to a couple of plays and stuff
today and I think like tonight we're
just gonna chill at home and watch a
movie yeah well we're gonna try and find
a good movie to watch yeah it shouldn't
be fun like it's just nice finding
friends like Brandon ed let's just have
an emotional moment where you just feel
totally comfortable being who you are
yeah you don't feel like oh I can't say
that or I can't make that joke or
whatever that's very chilled out very
chill it's really nice same wavelength
yeah so it's time for me to read I'm
trying to not watch Pretty Little Liars
because that's not gonna be good okay
all the guys out there isn't pretty
little eyes literally the is Jonah
is it not like I'm sorry I've tried to I
just think that Joe is just so bad yes
Noel was y'all know it's not like
groundbreaking cinematography or
anything but I enjoy it okay no I can't
even be even slightly in the family I
don't know he's kind whatever
yeah baby work it reg I'm gonna try to
zoom in on his teeth the zoom is not
working fast enough the zoom is actually
pretty intense a whole ridge you've got
a few crumbs beautiful okay beautiful
what are you eating actually some hemp
chocolate yeah how is it is really gonna
friend Tom for about a temptation yeah I
said already
thank you really good yeah does he
actually make it himself does he bake it
that I don't know that I don't know
it's what I'm saying
I'm still reading the book do just find
that when you read you could just fall
asleep like I'm it's making me like like
even if the books good I'm just like
Fran and I are just in my bed I can't
move my face no icon we are having a
girly spa evening you could say really
look at the wrinkles no kind of you know
though
yeah I feel soft but yeah yeah so we're
doing some face masks we're gonna paint
our nails I thought you were trying to
kiss me I was like no I'm good luck oh
yeah so it's nice feels good we were
saying that we've never really done this
with another person yeah that's weird
yeah we were like virgins yeah you took
my flower way well no we weren't virgins
we were yeah we were virgin yes yeah
cool face masks complete friend loved it
so did I and now we're taking things to
another girling extreme by having a
manicure session and as you can see I
have laid out some towels some bowls the
nail polishes and another Bowl good
times all around Fran is painting her
nails very well oh thank you with a
splash of grenadine which is one of my
favorites it's such a pretty color using
so good and that's your first Essie nail
polish isn't it and how what do you
think of it I think it's amazing yeah
and I found that you can only get it
right with one coat hmm I mean I used to
just in case yeah it's it's okay and
then I went for this my standard oh no
it's a nude and this is called San
Tropez I don't know I had to check the
bottle when I know full well it's
entropy I just like it I'm into the
nudes lately I went for the completely
nude finish clear nude nice you can tell
he's really into nails because he's
showing you like
I saw the professionals do and what are
you doing right now I'll write up some
Indian food nice yeah I'm even gonna
have some yeah you guys you know rubbing
off a nice day broadening my horizons
nobody doesn't have I hope so
so Fran brought some of her German skin
care because if you don't know Fran is
currently living in Berlin so she's yeah
if you don't know this can I say that
you're from Chile originally so you
speak a special chilean spanish which is
really cool um I've already messed up
it's so nice like your accent I could
just listen to it all night anyway but
they're living in Berlin now so she's
showing me some of her German skincare
so talk me through it
do you know on baby I don't even know
what you just said I'm graduates Duran
oh no like because I just pronounce it
as funny el Verde but in German that
would be another day
they don't pronounce it but whatever
yeah thing is that it's a very cool
brand because it's really cheap and at
least in Berlin and it's a billion not
testing on animals or anything and it's
organic and yeah I mean the brand the
products that I use are for combination
combination skin and they're really good
yeah and cheap and I think the packaging
is pretty cool like this looks like a
glue stick yeah I like it they think
it's fun so this is like eye cream eye
cream and okay stay with what's in it
what's an anti pickle Ann typical is
like four spots yeah that's the word is
so funny I have a couple of pickles you
could say it's really good so anyway if
you're ever in Germany check out this
brand it seems really nice the food has
arrived I honestly don't know what much
of this is because I didn't really do
the ordering but it looks tasty and it
smells good so that should be
interesting
no oh
Reggie is sleepy now
it's 10:30 and he's exhausted oh he got
lots of attention don't worry I think
we're gonna hit the hay soon I've got a
big day ahead of us yeah pretty tired
indeed okay so I'm going to wrap up
today's vlog I feel like I missed out
some major parts today but it was a lot
of just recovering from all this
partying that we've been doing we keep
calling it partying and we're all just
like not hurting at all okay so I'm
gonna wrap up this video and I will see
you in the next one bye bye I'll link it
below yeah and now you don't have any
new video up sorry I'm going to bed now
by trust me this is already in the blog
