good morning gang I just heard my kettle
boil so I'm going to go make this tea
and make myself some breakfast it's
about 9:00 a.m. and I never have makeup
my makeup done by 9:00 a.m. unless I
have to go somewhere and we're not
actually going anywhere until later
today but I just thought like do I just
want to do my makeup now get it over
with
so today is actually really exciting day
for me because I'm going to get my hair
done and I don't even really know what
I'm doing I feel like I'm at a
crossroads in my life I could either
grow my hair out like maybe to this
length or I could cut it shorter or I
could keep it this life I don't even
know but I'm gonna go to the hair salon
and I'm trusting what he says so should
be good apparently this guy's pretty
good so we shall see I was actually
thinking you going blonder but I'm not
sure if he's gonna go for that so I
don't know the thing with hair is like I
asked so many people like what do you
think I should do what do you think I
should do I never just listened to my
own instincts when it comes to my hair
sad but true so that's not till later on
but I thought I did let you know that
that was gonna be happening today oh my
gosh okay I am I'm in the hair salon
it's too awkward to block out there so
it's not happening but I just had a
little lunch meeting with a couple of
people and now I'm at the hair place and
he says he's gonna cut it really short
and I'm like freaking out I'm supposed
to trust people by really freaking out
so I will
let you wow that's hot I will let you
know how it goes
and I actually go to pee now so I will
keep you posted on the M on the short
hair front I'm kind of excited
oh my gosh okay I just got my hair oh
I'm trying to do this okay Amelia's
calling me one minute hello hello oh my
gosh okay
good morning everyone what a complete
and utter fail yes today's vlogging was
I'm so sorry about that
I can't remember the last time I just
like forgot to vlog in the middle of the
day well it was like 6 o'clock at night
when I got home but still anyway I don't
even know if I should go into yesterday
but basically yeah I couldn't really
vlog much of yesterday I had a little
lunch meeting at sketch which is a
really cool like restaurant bar it's
really cool it was my first time there
but Aslan and I actually have a table
booked there this weekend on Valentine's
Day so I'm quite excited umm what else
can I say oh yeah my hair took ages so
this is the finished hair and I'm loving
it as you know I was really scared to do
it I just kind of thought I can either
grow my hair long or I can like cut it
quite short and I've had my hair long
before and I've never really had this
short before anyway I think it turned
out amazingly I love it the comments of
my Instagram
we're very divided you are very honest
people but I love it I'm really into it
I think it's very Sienna Miller esque
and it will be interesting to see how it
looks when I actually style it because I
woke up like this
today I am I woke up at 7 this morning
it's now 8 so I'm gonna go to the gym in
about an hour but for now I'm just doing
some work type stuff emails thinking of
what I need to film this weekend because
I have to film a lot of videos this
weekend well not a lot after film 3
videos this weekend and this is boring
and Phil you don't really need to know
but that is what I'm doing right now and
yeah I should probably eat something
before I go to gym I'm just gonna drink
this big old thing of water because I'm
so thirsty
hello beautiful boy what have you been
doing
sleepin hello oh you're handsome do you
want to be pet hmm
that's a yes are you sleepy today Reggie
are you sleepy today yeah I think so
just got back from the gym and I hear
this music playing upstairs Alan must be
rocking out um yeah hard gym session
today I'm quite tired um I'm still like
getting used to my hair I'm like whoa I
guess like I feel like a lot of people
won't think this is a big change but
really he took about that much off my
head so I feel like it's a lot but
anyway I'm just petting Reggie for a few
minutes and then I'm gonna go take a
shower and I need to do my makeup and
then I need to eat food so I don't know
what order I'm gonna do it and I kinda
just feel like taking a shower
immediately because I'm a little sweaty
and Reggie's like yeah you can take a
shower like right now cuz you kind of
stink and you're kind of smelling up the
room and I don't really like it so if
you can shower right now that'd be great
thank you so cute look at his dick look
at your teeth oh my god I love Reggie we
have to get our eyes tested Aslan
and I've been putting this off for a
very long time and today is finally
today a couple's I approached a couple
my appointment very romantic indeed oh
my gosh Mama's going to get hit
yep we're getting our eyes tested Aslan
is completely run out of contacts
completely I've got about two weeks left
so yeah I'm behind me play and I
basically just need to get my eyes
tested again and I got a new pair of
glasses so I need a prescription put in
there what are we looking at this one
here let's see this memorial itself
quite windy propagate here we're back
look Specsavers here we come
it's gonna blow your mind guess what he
says blow your phone I was born to be
left-handed
Barney told me that I was working London
ended the Frenchman know better got my
new best friend he much friend all right
like a French guy I'm working intended
why because my my let me look through
using do something with my right
eye and I immediately depended on my
life and says I was born to lieutenant
and I've always thought they're smarter
yes special smarter
yeah I know all my life exactly the same
I don't mean to description he actually
postponed my neck right there to you
I got the prison take that like left
I feel great right now I'm on cloud nine
died for three left-handed he's told me
to start doing everything with my left
hands like using my mouth with my left
hand everything yeah I'm really I'm
really keen on what it's like when you
get what you get like on a computer like
be coming up halfway enough for the next
one on fire already like that yeah like
I'm already stronger on my left side no
my right arm is stronger but like I
always walk or two I was I know I was
just switch the gun I find it now that's
why 34 this moment I'm holding the
camera with a right hand or what oh yeah
but I was just like okay you need to get
some mouthwash right crazy times
oh oh wow are you on it sho this office
is the kind of mouthwash as them live
sport guys if you're looking for a great
mouthwash there's nothing better than
opener there's no alcohol yeah non
alcohol control the background Explorer
ID in it builds up Tina
okay so I'm trying to take a selfie and
I didn't even ask your name because
daily time and Ellie came up to me just
like oh my god and I'm like try not to
be too embarrassed because I was caught
taking a selfie yeah that's what it
happens you know
everyone takes a good telling I'm trying
to take one of my hair and I'm trying
enough with the help weed you know now
we've got two people trying to get the
good job are you just around here what
oh my gosh I while we've got to talk
something I just got home but I wanted
to show you these glasses I got today
what do you guys think do you think they
suit me I think they're amazing they're
for comic relief so goes towards a good
cause but I was fascinated when I
thought anyway I want to call my mom now
and tell her that I was born to be
left-handed I want to see what she says
Oh mom yeah
you'll never guess what I found out
today what I was born to be left-handed
ha I was born to be a left-handed person
then why aren't you up handed because
Mom society has trained me to be
right-handed while I was already trained
somebody to be rough handed listen I
don't know but the guy when I just got
my eyes tested and he said a hundred
percent I was born to be left-handed he
can tell from my eyes and also we
remember when I was learning
snowboarding I always learned goofy
because I always put my left foot in
front yeah that's what I'm gonna do
right now Oh another thing to put in
your balls hey trust me this is already
in the blog to get to work believe it or
not hope you it was no under than eight
o'clock
and what time you know can't after okay
alright John is doing I started to try
to like dot curl my hair but like put
away than ever whatever yeah just
tell me your hair the same every
day trust me I freaking know and I'm
trying I'm trying to figure out a
deduction looks ok you have to leave the
house what okay well send me a pic all
right bye
there you have it ladies and gents my
mother
I see Reggie has been very very busy
while we were away did you do that did
you
chew up the mail is that why you tail is
wagging oh my gosh Reggie all right we
got it clean this up because you can't
just blanket I'm really glad I took
Reggie for a walk as soon as I got back
because well after I call my mom because
it's now pouring rain outside so I got
this coffee before I came home cost a
latte I'm having a little forehead
irritation and is it but you know what's
such is life so I am gonna take a little
minute just to finish this coffee
because Lou them feeling a little sleepy
and I'm going that there you go you can
just see I lost my train of thought
completely I'm gonna look through my
phone look at my emails look at my
tweets just have a little five-minute
breather anyway the reason why I'm so
fascinated by this left-handed business
is because I've always thought I was
left-handed I've always thought that and
even as a kid I remember trying to write
with my left hand and like I remember my
teacher saying no you're right-handed I
like I remember that moment in my life
so anyway I I don't know I don't know
what this could change everything now
but I was in the gym today and I was
doing like workouts and obviously that's
what you did in the gym and I was like
why is it so much easier for me to do it
when it's like more dependent on my left
side so anyway I think it's so weird
that the eye doctor told me that today
of all days when I
was just thinking about it this morning
so anyway this kind of stuff blows my
mind so I'm gonna just have a Zen moment
and then I'm gonna film my video which
should be good times I know I'm supposed
to be getting a delivery between 2:00
and 3:00 so I don't really want to start
filming and then have the doorbell rings
because that's what happens every single
time I try to fill my square so it's
1:30 now I don't really feel like
waiting like another 3 like hour and a
half before I start filming so I might
just have to risk it and risk the
doorbell I'll keep you posted so I just
started filming my video and then the
doorbell rang as per normal so take two
let's do this thing
is the mic on is the camera on I think
so okay I'll be back
mission complete filming complete now I
feel like should I be using my mouse
with my left hand let me give this a go
let's see if I can actually do this so
let me just go with my left hand and I'm
gonna try to type things I mean I think
I'm pretty good at it I think I
definitely was born to be left-handed oh
my gosh this is crazy this feels really
weird okay born really sick of that say
I think I might wash my face I'm
slightly concerned because I'm out of
Bioderma I don't know how many get this
eyeliner off because I did it pretty
intensely today so I'll have to see how
that works out I did order some Bioderma
but it's not coming until Monday so god
knows what I'm gonna do till then
interesting updates it's been a couple
of hours and I've just been editing
videos and trying to type up blog pose
and blah blah blah boring stuff Reggie
is just in front of me sleeping but it's
his walk time but it's pouring rain
outside and he hates the rain so this is
very inconvenient I don't know I might
just wait like another hour and see but
I hate that he can't go for his walk at
his normal time he's got a routine this
video is gonna go up on Valentine's Day
so I hope you're all gonna have a nice
Valentine's
hey I did do a Valentine's Day
question-and-answer and things got
intense things got very very intense and
I was so embarrassed I was so like I was
cringing the entire time I face was like
beet red at one point so you can watch
that if you're feeling like it on
Valentine's Day but I don't really have
anything else to say I'm not really
doing anything else exciting this
evening except editing probably all
night and doing stuff like that so I'm
just gonna end this here before this
gets very drawn out and I'm doing
absolutely nothing so yeah I'm going to
wrap up this video by the way I think my
short hair looks kind of cute in the
clip look at it up there it's just
clipping around just like that so anyway
I'm going to wrap up this vlog I hope
you liked it give it a thumbs up if you
did and hope you're having a great
weekend I will see you very soon bye see
you later guys have a good one happy
Valentine's Day I'm just taking a little
break with my juice which actually looks
so gross like those green but it's like
a little sludgy um but I just wanted to
take like ten minutes I'm watching
American Pickers on TV watch
