good morning everyone it is Monday
morning and I am getting ready to head
to the gym I need to eat some food I'm
having a little irritation I don't know
what the hell that is I woke up like
that I woke up like these I woke up like
this
flowerless anyway I just woke up well
then I woke up about an hour ago
okay just making some toast because I am
heading to the gym and I am I need the
food you know food is great food is good
love it so that's what I'm doing I need
a good big old glass of water yeah so
how's everybody's week going it just
started I guess the week is yet to come
okay what am I saying okay get some
water in game√≠s day
drink up anyway I thought I'd vlog today
even though it's just another typical
day in the life of me doing nothing but
you guys seem to enjoy it so I am here
to provide you with um the nothingness
that is my life make my toast and I will
report back I'm a later time even
Reggie's eating his breakfast beautiful
boy
all right I just got home from the gym
tired tired but I thought before I
settle in go take a shower I'd rather
just get this out of the way I have to
go to the post office I have to find my
wallet
yeah and mail some stuff off so I chose
the winners of my buttons bookshelf
bookmarks and I'm sending a couple of
books to some winners as well so I just
want to get that done so that people can
start reading for the buttons
bookshelves if you didn't know we're
reading the book called wild I actually
have my copy right here fancy that wild
it is really really good so far and it
had me in tears yesterday I somehow have
to manage to carry this big bag in that
box which is a pair of shoes that didn't
fit me so gotta return those so yeah I'm
gonna go do that I got a few things at
the grocery store this morning after the
gym I got some avocados I thought this
vegetable medley it's nothing it's like
broccoli beans and peas I also got some
new bananas because these are other
bananas and I'm gonna be making banana
bread with these I don't even know maybe
they're too bad to even make what I have
read with I've been like trying to make
banana bread for the past three days the
weird thing about banana bread is I
never used to make it but for some
reason every time I have love I feel
like I'm making banana bread but
honestly he's saying yeah she really
didn't make banana bread that much
before but I'm not gonna complain I love
bananas oh my god I'm having way too
much fun yeah okay I also got some bread
and some raspberries so that is what I
got I got some chicken in the fridge as
well so my mom got us these like egg
molder things so take your egg oh my
gosh can I do this one hand and I feel
like I've tried this before and failed
Oh God
oh my god guys I'll be right back there
I just put the eggs in and as you can
see if they don't work perfectly but
it's actually really cool to cook your
eggs like this because they're easier to
flip and their way fluffier I'm the big
fan well
g-good afternoon walk good boy he just
saw a cat so he's all worked up I'm just
trying to film a video so I turn my
lights on oh my gosh this is such a mess
in here you have no idea I need to get
myself together very bright lights in
here I need to find a lipstick to wear
I'm filming a Valentine's Day love
romance themed Q&A and it's a collab
with my friend Leanne from Leanne says I
love her channel so much and I thought
she'd have some pretty funny answers
yeah I just have to sit down I'm playing
this my bra because it's poker man the
side of the boobie oh my gosh look at
the disaster that is my desk I'm just
gonna light a candle just set the mood
I made my tea this is my one of my
favorite travel mugs it's called a Keith
cup but sometimes I use even when I'm at
home I like the cork grip and someone
actually tweeted today I'm not sure if
you have it in all different countries
or what but sometimes you can put ads in
the newspaper like to the person I saw
today on the Underground 2 like I
thought you looked really cute reading
that book or something it's like I don't
know what I don't know the name of it
but she just tweeted me and she said I
can find it here she said I see button
you're helping me pick up boys on my
train ride to work it says to the cute
girl riding from walleston craft
Wollstonecraft to north sydney with the
weird glass and court cup green tea
thirsty so it's like a little ad in the
paper with somebody thinking that she
was cute and she used the keep Cup so
you know know who is gonna find you
attractive when you're drinking tea out
of the keep cup alright just finished
filming and let me just say you guys
have some crazy little minds I love them
and if you watch that video make sure
you watch it till the end because that
last question gets pretty intense oh I'm
gonna blinded by the light
I'm gonna try to organize this and I
will and what I'm saying if I'm not
thinking straight
I added some ice cubes but I'm cutting
it kind of close the froth the froth is
gonna be a killer uh okay I'm gonna
drink some hmm how will you ginger I'm
just taking a little break with my juice
which actually looks so gross like no
it's green but it's like a little sludgy
but I just wanted to take like ten
minutes I'm watching American Pickers on
TV oh my side how much I love this show
because I'm seriously obsessed if
anybody knows them and you can get me on
the show it would be a dream come true
because I love them both Frank and Mike
are so funny if you have never seen it
I'm going to zoom in that's me right
there that's my spirit animal that guy
right there basically they go around
different towns and stuff and they find
antique stuff vintage stuff that is
worth value and you'll learn a lot from
the show and the people of the show are
so sweet and it's funny as well so watch
American Pickers trust me
poor Reggie's getting his teeth brushed
oh he hates it he's really good that
when Aslan does it yeah he doesn't like
me like freaked out really oh the front
ones he hates it so good boy good boy
used to love us right we just got back
from walking Reggie and now I'm in our
bedroom slightly procrastinating because
I have to put so much laundry away ho
I've just been like stacking it up and
it's just like time that I need to do it
so so I'm gonna find something to watch
on the Internet
potentially a little video we shall see
I can't do anything without something in
the background if it's like music or a
show or something I love it
yeah just looking at my clothes it's
like such a weird time of year because I
was I was doing some online shopping
except it wasn't really shopping I was
just looking at the stuff and it's like
they're they have spring stuff out but
it's not actually that warm so
it's like you don't really want to get
spring stuff when it's not warm but it's
not like super free like it some days
are really cold I don't know it's like a
weird time of year where you don't
really feel like buying spring clothes
but you don't want to buy winter clothes
either so I might just like go through
some clothes and maybe you know get rid
of some stuff that I haven't really been
wearing and stuff like that um we'll see
how much energy I have because not very
much but anyway it's like past five
o'clock at night now and it's still
light outside so I think that's a good
sign we're on the right track I am a
summer baby I'm a Leo I love the summer
time so sometimes winter can get me down
a bit the weather it's just so dreary
all the time I really missed the days of
like it being light outside too like
eight o'clock at night nine o'clock at
night oh my gosh I love summer so much
anyway summer is just around the corner
don't wish your life away I stay just
enjoy what you have now so I'm just
gonna put these clothes away I guess I
kind of want to wash my face but I feel
like my wings line are kind of worked
out today so I don't know I don't really
feel like washing it off I know I'm not
the only one who doesn't want to take
their makeup off if they feel like
they've done to even wings but I've you
know laziness will take over and I will
have to take off my makeup because well
I just did a little face mask so ignore
that but yeah hard at work cooking
dinner while I was editing a video and
I'm very excited because it looks pretty
good okay we got brown rice turn it no
parsnips and carrots and chicken and
what's this
it is freaky let's see that all kinds of
grain that is for free free kick it
we're getting freaky tonight split whole
ring or something that's cool quick and
easy low GI high in protein seems like
some real heavy are you getting
freaky get it in my belly
what what are you doing yeah whoa I'm
red anyway we're gonna wrap oh my God
look at red my face is mine that's okay
anyway we're gonna wrap up today's vlog
I hope you enjoyed it
and you will see you in the next one
it's time for food hi bye guys see you
later I'm going to bed by social media
buddy why Minister Graham why you don't
Witter why I need not educating the
people I will not be class segment
London lad stuff I would educate you if
I met use my ministry yeah
