can you stop singing I can block just
walking to the park Reggie so excited we
didn't get to go last week but what I'm
really point here right now is as on
sock situation which on my sock
situation just take a little look at
that there's not nothing wrong with that
that's intense
that's intense you know going to the
park or to keep myself warm I want to
get my weights like I'm kinda
embarrassed I might just walk over here
I don't know either of you we finally
made it
um I have to say it's like more cold
here than Canada you feel well who are
you surprised it's like I like it's
really cold today she's like yeah really
cold today and look look at this
decision right here are you seeing this
like two centimeters uh yeah but still
pure skin expert on all the calls gonna
get in through there and go cool thank
you already called um but anyway Reggie
seems to be happy that we're in the park
finally so that's good he's running
around but I have to say guys I've been
thinking so I don't know if I'm covering
the microphone on this thing I've been
thinking so much about getting a second
Greyhound and last night Aslan left he
was like gone to like 9 o'clock at night
so I had like 5 hours alone and the
whole time I was just looking online at
homeless greyhounds and I just want one
so bad but then I go like flip-flop back
and forth because I'm like is it
practical like we don't really have the
space would Reggie
want one ah so I don't think it's gonna
happen but in my mind it would because
yesterday Reggie fell in love with a
greyhound named Dora and they were in
the park together and it was so cute
they were just like standing beside one
another I just don't know if it's
practical
just like considering walking two at a
time and like you know it's a lot of
work so I don't think it's going to
happen but I just want all the
greyhounds like I'm gonna be a crazy
greyhound lady was like 700 greyhounds
one day that would be my dream oh I got
my bucket as one says he didn't want one
that's his problem
yeah just not feeling like that I feel
like if I have a bucket right now I
would need the toilet good okay TMI TMI
alert TMI alert okay if you're new to
this vlog Channel and you've never seen
this market we come here all the time
it's oval farmer's market in oval and
it's really cool like as you can see
there's tons of stalls behind me and
then there's all these stalls over here
really good food but our favorite thing
is this bucket and the stall is called
bucket law right yeah popular as a
quater lutheran street
yeah it's like a like if you ever hot
elephant is so it makes it like a round
elephant you're spitting hot and I have
this really amazing chicken like mixture
and it's just it's like dog chicken meat
with some special flavors and I could
crack the flavor mixture do you want to
see me eat this Wow well I can't join me
too till I film you eating this do eat
this in the most seductive way that he
possibly could pretend you're the
Nigella Lawson and you're like mmm just
made myself a bucket ladies and
gentleman I'm gonna try it darling oh
the flavor bust into my mouth Oh
yeah good so I stopped filming you know
this is one of the best ones the best
walking scraps oh dang oh my god
hell yes tell today us these are the
things I look for people what the hell
is this is this a UFO no it's just
Reggie's ass being covered with little
feet sticking out it's so cute his ass
colored by his little coat just turn it
out behind us right here yeah so we are
gonna get some bread Oh carbs how I love
you so much but we've just ordered two
of these cinnamon oh they're called crow
Downes born out of the cronut craze and
ones labeled the crack cocaine of the
cake world croissants crossed with Dona
oh they're so good and look at these
almond croissants can I resist and then
did you get one of these yeah but I will
try nobody would get eggs the whites out
oh but it's not going to try the ring
yeah like you can get good consistent
slices in a ring yeah and Reggie is
trying to eat this gluten-free orange
cake but it's not gonna happen buddy
I'm afraid so we have discovered
temptation and I was really keen on this
to begin with
it is the hemp porridge with blueberry
mixture do you want to be in it or not
really okay okay oh you don't want to
say like what it wasn't or anything come
on come on okay so inside the hemp
porridge is here we go oats hemp seeds
flax seeds poppy seeds and then we have
dried fruit of blueberry or go Jean
cranberries amazing it's so good and
then this is the pesto and the humus
which you got the hummus sure like the
hummus it's bit its thomassie but it's a
little bit differently okay cool so if
you want to follow temptation here are
all of the social media links all right
I just thought I'd show you what we got
from in the market so let's see what is
this cold
Wright's original this was so good it's
like apple and ginger ana aslan really
liked the lemonade and so did I and it
was like three four something so we got
those we got these carrots apples and
parsnips some spinach this stuff is
really good it's all grown fairly
locally so that's good
I think it's grown in Kent and I got
this soup spring chicken soup which I
love and I also got this which is the
Asian chicken broth soup I haven't tried
this one I've tried this one it's so so
good that big sourdough thing are to
crow don'ts or whatever and then I'm so
excited to try this stuff and oh wait no
that's not right yeah Aslan's um hem
humus is in here yeah there we go we're
really excited about this hemp has lots
of benefits and the guy who owns
temptation was so nice so best pop hot
in the fridge so after a nice hot cup of
tea at home we decided to mooch around
town so we came to shortage and I just
feel like kind of cruising the shops you
know it's like professional decent
professional merging
we just went inside house of Hackney and
they had like the most insane cactus and
like very large pencil amazing cactus
collection let's just say that so now
where are we off to anything which
direction we're just going with it today
going this way we're just walking along
and this guy was honking as hard for
about 15 minutes straight he was like
right on the tail this taxi you can tell
you think this cuz attack no to get like
20 miles now and you're just like
honking zone I've never seen someone
honk for that long no one person so if
you've ever been to short it you've
probably seen box park and I've only
ever been to these shops on this side of
the street but I think today we're going
to venture inside and like up the stairs
so I'm kind of excited for that okay
they tell me there is that dum dum
doughnut there's a place called dum dum
Donuts that I have been wanting to go to
for months and I'm very very excited yes
so we're inside box park here are the
surroundings and we just got some from
this place over here it's called curry
tow and I got that chicken focus I got a
chicken salad and as I'm gonna cheat
like a pork rice very much pork belly
rice mixture so what is that spring
rolls and dumplings these are spring
rolls yeah that's interesting um anyway
I got a little perfume at la la Bow it's
really cool because they actually mix
the perfume like kind of mix it in front
of you I'll insert eclipse of that but I
saw a package up but I just got the
smallest one and the scent was food so I
thought was really nice anyway it's
quite expensive like for perfume because
there's nothing
to actual bug beams oh it's really clean
yeah it's really concentrated but yeah
hello oh he smells good
we're kind of like those creepy people
who love the smell of their own dog
you're beautiful you know what I got the
hiccups again like if you don't like I
get the hiccups all the time I sit like
is it gonna oh there get them all the
time but I was waiting for another yeah
do you want I cut both tea look deep in
your bag I am editing I a video healthy
button video healthy food button video
yeah definitely not um what I was up to
today definitely wasn't healthy button
today I'm showing but you know what I
say Yolo like that's what this hair
saying it's saying Yolo f it I'm gonna
eat that doughnut I'm gonna eat that
weird chicken salad I'm gonna eat that
but else I have today that was bad
Balkan you know what guys it's Saturday
you know I'm not gonna get down about
that I love food I love food so friggin
much you want a bucket you want
doughnuts I want but you know what as
much as I like eating like shitty food I
like eating good food too yeah like I I
wouldn't say I go like for like weeks on
end eating really bad food yeah yeah
cheese days today's your cheat day yeah
I hate I hate the phrase cheat day you
do why I think it's such a stupid phrase
huh so you go like five days a week
eating really really healthy like yeah
just sounded to me anything else that's
great that can't live like that so they
are like one day off when you can stay
sane cuz like nobody wants to do that
full time you're gonna have a day of
Lele I would rather have like eat
healthy eat healthy 80% of a time yeah I
love 20% glory there you go digit 20%
cheat day I guess it is a cheat day I
guess it's just like how you do it but I
do it what I'm trying to say is I'm
editing a video it should be up tomorrow
well it should be up by the time you see
this vlog depending on if I can edit
this vlog tonight as well um
hotty patottie Emile's coming over I got
real dressed up for him what is going on
to my neck very right
oh my god it's lust about a meal no oh
my god no no I was looking at cookbooks
because we were going to go out for
dinner with the meal but we thought we'd
just cook something because why the hell
not sometimes it's nice to cook
something with other people yeah we'll
see what we feel like we'll see what you
know email might be like no no we need
to go out we need to go
that's not exactly doing your backside
no no we do real vaccin we wanted
passing impersonate Emil
whoa I think we should really go out and
get some food I think so okay that was
good yeah um a lot of people ask us how
we know Emil like that like who even is
Emile Emile is well he's our friend but
by himself he's our friend how's that
category yet but the reason why we know
him is he's one of my very good friends
his brother very good friends friend's
brother
I went to school with Emile's brother
Louie who he's been in loves as well and
Emile is Luiz brother and like we know
their parents and everything like that
like you know it's like a family friend
situation so it meals like part of the
fam
you know yeah it's VSA Regina village
pretty much yeah just another day at our
place it meals back on our couch Aslan's
um Aslan's arms are really sore from
working out Emile stretching them out
yeah oh I got it this bread attachment
about external internal rotation Oh
amazing as when is loving this Wow this
yeah we do love this is just just
stretch it right to the ceiling
Wow Wow okay okay enough and I think
instead of cooking tonight we're gonna
have the leftover chicken noodle soup
which seems to be fine
so you have chicken noodle soup here
we're having a little issue apparently
with cutting the bread because as I
guess the meal was gonna do without a
cutting board and as Len it's freaking
out I'm gonna start my hit that's what I
say every time good is you're gonna make
the scripture well try to see them you
Camille do you want to update the
viewers on anything people have been
loving you and do you have anything
where are they social media buddy why an
Instagram why don't we - why are you not
educating the people I'm not being
classy not London lad start I would
educate you if I met you like in the
street yeah I met you I would be more
than delighted to talk about where can I
meet you in the street where you're
hanging out let us leave the stores and
so home that is another favorite hangout
and well that's my secret little pad no
love - it's just like I just haven't had
the opportunity no time - but I hope you
do good so I think we're gonna wrap up
today's vlog because we're just gonna
eat and chill and that's about it and oh
my gosh look at my hair what is even
happening man what's that me there oh
wow I'm actually a meal called Alan out
on a
Chiki bum grab that as one just did true
did not do it didn't happen
Oh
blinky cheeky bugger ow wait we have our
PDA I never do it so I'm good
Oh buddy you did I felt it anyway we're
wrapping it up now I feel delight whoa
not around me okay we're going to wrap
it up I will see you in the next vlog
bye huh bye bye guys I'll see you later
I'm pretty annoyed kiss everybody's
eating chicken except for me but
potentially I'll get some so all right
wrap it up by crossing Street oh oh okay
so now that you're all caught up to
speed with that delicious meal
oh man it's windy but here's Amelia she
got bundled up
