long time no see everyone I am back on
the vlogging game oh my gosh I've got so
much to tell you if you're wondering
where I am I'm actually in Amelia's car
but she's not in here with me she's
going to get some coins to find some
parking I actually meant to start
vlogging a long time ago and is now 3
o'clock in the afternoon no it's like
poor it's like 4 o'clock so the day is
pretty much over but I'm starting the
vlog anyways cuz I'm like a rebel like
that so basically I I feel like I just
got over a cold and I was feeling great
I was much better and then Aslan got
sick again and he gave me he's cold and
I completely lost my voice and my throat
hurts so much and like you might be able
to still hear it a little bit my throat
but I'm feeling better which is the main
thing
so anyway I'm back on it now and I think
a Millie and I are just gonna go get
something to eat because we were both in
the area and food is wonderful and I'm
so hungry I haven't eaten since
breakfast but if you remember this was
ages ago like I've loved this ages ago
maybe a week and a half two weeks ago
it's called an acai bowl it's basically
you've heard of this berry acai well I
was calling it a chi the whole time but
I'm pretty sure that its acai so just
bear with me as I'm calling it acai for
the next like 3 years in the next clip I
think it's a sigh I have no idea how to
say it acai acai acai I think it's a
snotty anyway let me know how you say it
down below but basically I'm gonna
insert a clip of us making this
delicious acai bowl so you can watch
that now I've really been wanting to
make this it is cold
the famous chi Bowl or si however you
want to say it I say it Chi you probably
have already seen this blog it's Ella's
blog and if you watch jacksgap jack is
Ella's boyfriend so just a little
background there so anyway she makes
this all the time and it looks so
amazing so what you do is you take some
frozen bananas you take some a chi which
I already bought these from a place that
she recommended in this post a link to
this post down below and then Mike some
other stuff
so first step to frozen bananas however
I made one fatal error the other day I
just put the whole banana in the freezer
I've never frozen bananas but I've never
frozen bananas before I didn't really
understand that you had to peel it first
because now it's okay so just a little
word of warning if you're gonna freeze
manna take the peel off first I am just
a big idiot yeah I just made a mistake
it's okay everybody makes mistakes but
it was really disgusting because we
actually boiled some water put the
bananas in here but keep in mind the
food and is freezing to touch it it just
feels so weird so anyway we've got the
bananas in the blender and here are the
little slabs of acai I have you had a
chi before yeah well I think this is
just the berries frozen like crushed up
and froze looks really good
the other day someone commented be
careful of acai berries because my aunt
went on an acai diet and gained 25
pounds oh yeah I'm sure you just only
any kind of berry all the time this is a
Sunday morning treat but it's still
healthy looser like antioxidants
okay so each having a bowl so we're
gonna double the recipe just adding a
little bit of water the time is now make
sure the lid is on tight
unfortunately don't have any raspberries
but blueberries for work what are you
gonna have an oval granola and peanut
butter and the stuff
wait you don't know no put the acai in
first no the white is much boring color
would you make it pretty like Ella's
mm-hmm how does that look just perfect
that's perfect okay that's enough for me
and just lay it see that yeah it's nice
I'm enlisting yeah perfect thank you
you know you got cool fancy on your one
oh yeah that's almost too much looks
good
that's like food that is is there AG is
it big all right now yeah to instagram
immediately
cross street Oh gonna get hit okay so
now that you're all caught up to speed
with that delicious meal
oh man it's windy but here's Amelia
she's not bundled up so I think we're
both pretty starving I think we're then
going to obey
which should be quite good so let's do
it
oh the food has finally arrived and I
got steak with like a little salad and I
got this salad on the side I'm gonna be
like I got this superfood salad which
looks so good it's got like quinoa lots
of stuff in there and that is it's time
to eat I cracked I cracked and Emilia
and I are going to be splitting and
dessert and it looks pristine pretty
good doesn't it oh my gosh I always had
big ups so I just got home and I wash my
face obviously because oh I think up you
know what do you think you just like
cannot be wearing makeup it's just not
gonna happen
he's like are you kidding him honey
he's smiling are you doing good oh my
gosh these hiccups are not going away so
I would made chicken noodle soup well I
started me yeah looks good we're making
the broth at the moment making the broth
I'm just trying not to hiccup oh my god
roughing it up whoo so I feel like today
was a bit of a blogging fail but I
wasn't really doing anything like in
that I totally screwed up the morning
I'm aware of that
but yeah I just met Emilia we had
something to eat and then she had to go
and then I was like oh like 5:30 6
o'clock I should probably go to the same
time now my face looks so red but I'm
not actually am I really red right now
it's this lighting no is my face red in
real life yeah they call me I stay
tomorrow no longer know if I look in
this mirror it's not red but if I look
in this it's really red so to tell ya
that in my face doesn't look like
no anyway yeah so it was good to see
Amelia uh just had some chats as per
normal I think you make a cup of tea
trying to get rid of these hiccups I'm
not sure if this bag is still available
but I had so many compliments on it
today it's like this geometric e shaped
bag so yeah you can like it opens up it
has this little flap and it's got you
know a fair amount of room I don't even
know if you can still get it but I just
thought I'd point that out oh my gosh
these hiccups I can't read she's like um
can you just stop hiccuping please okay
so will let's sweep the floor and this
is what Reggie will do 10 minutes later
like he just chews he does there has to
be crumbs Reggie here's Reggie from
below oh you're so cute I love kissing
him right on the tip of his nose I just
love it it gives me life I went into
waterstones earlier today I just thought
I'd show you what I got so I picked up
the Hemsley Hemsley book I was like woah
look and it's a cookbook basically and
everybody says it's amazing it's called
the art of eating well they have a
really cool blog and their Instagram is
amazing so apparently there are some
really good recipes and I'm pretty sure
they actually sell their own spiralizer
like we've already got one for the to
put the vegetables and it makes noodles
yeah but apparently uh they have one as
well and they have like really healthy
and apparently really tasty recipes so I
can't wait to look at that and I also
got this it's an art deco notebook set
which is the last thing I need it but it
was an impulse buy and it had these
three really I don't know I just really
liked the designs and then this book
it's called the bees I've heard of it
before this isn't part of the book club
series or anything I'm just kind
gonna read it on the side but it seems
so cool if you want to read the back you
can pause it there so Aslan is really
preparing the chicken soup I don't know
if I should show you oh there's my drink
of choice lately he's got everything
nice and prepared oh wow this is really
this camera goes so bright sometimes
like it's so strange
yeah all the time it does that it was so
bright
he's got the chicken and all set up and
he's actually put some chicken skin and
Reggie's Bowl yeah should I call him in
let's see gobble it up oh my gosh she's
like took that in one fell swoop and you
didn't even chew it oh my god she's so
funny hey boy you already got your
chicken skin okay mister yeah oh it's
time for the chicken noodle soup and
Aslan made this which is his what he's
calling his dark side NYX whatever that
is what is it
dog meat makes me space and Jillian oh
no is that your little trick in chicken
see if you always put dill in it is it
no no I just love dill in like light
soups depending on if it's not like a
really heavy like vegetable like I don't
know it's like a broccoli like you know
I mean like all chefs you put through a
blender if it's not like a very thick
soup like that I think looks real so
since we got Reggie his new duvet bed he
likes to position it in any way that he
chooses to see fit
he had I think so he's pissed so you
normally try to keep it over there but
he decides to if you won't say hey he
just drags it over here it makes sense
as a little nest or over there or in
fact any way that he wants it is a true
thing all right I'm gonna wrap it up
this evening right now that sentence
didn't make sense still not totally
there in the mind yeah I think I'm just
gonna chill out try to rest the voice a
little bit if you missed my buttons
bookshelf video the first book was Amy
Poehler's yes please you don't
necessarily have to have read the book
to watch the video I just kind of go
through the book and talk about my
favorite points and I highlight a few
life lessons so if you're interested in
hearing me talk about that I think it is
beneficial and there could there is what
and there's lots to be learned through
Amy Poehler's wisdom so I'll leave a
link to that down below
I suppose this vlog wasn't super
eventful but I just feel like I haven't
vlogged in ages and I wanted to have a
little connection moment with you and
just say hi and say that I am indeed
alive so I am wrapping it up give this
blog a thumbs up if you liked it and I
will see you in the next one bye bye
see you later I'm pretty busy gave you
myself a bath so I have to pick this up
with you at a later date then I'll see
you in next mom
and the chicken wing this is real
