I forgot to end last night's vlog after
the diner experience because basically
we got home and we just fell asleep so
it's the next day and I just got back
from the gym that's why I'm looking a
little bit rough but before I shower I
need to eat I'm so hungry I'm kind of
makes him juice because after last
night's experience I'm just feeling a
little heavy so I want to get some juice
in me so I'm using a cucumber a little
bit of celery I might pop a little hair
in there and I'm gonna put these two
carrots in as well so I should be good I
might also add some ginger and some
lemon depending on the taste so I have
to do these dishes first oh my gosh I
feel like my entire life is just dishes
so I'm gonna put on some YouTube videos
clean the kitchen make the juice whoo go
team and what have you been doing just
sleeping just being the perfect dog oh
yeah and it's pretty much I've been
doing I am I did steal the mail when the
mail came and then I tried to chew it up
but doesn't matter pretty perfect you
could say yeah you could see it's
juicing time one thing I just wanted to
point out that I do when I juice because
people might care I don't know although
I clean the machine clean the machine
out properly every time after I use it I
always like to put a glass of water
through the juicer just like clean out
the insides just in case maybe that's
just me being crazy but we'll see okay
so there you go here's the glass of
water
oh okay abort abort
okay try that again then it comes out
here really hard to do this and like
still have a big time but
tastes pretty good it's really celery II
like all I can taste is celery it's
pretty good though okay it's different
so this is my breakfast
I am so starving so obviously I've got
the juice that's that's gonna be good it
looks red but it's actually orange and
then I made myself an egg which I
slightly overcooked but so be okay
and I've got that on my Vogel's soya and
linseed bread and I thought I'd go for
two pieces of bacon because I freaking
love bacon and I'm starving
I was doing some extreme moves today
like you know you just got to fuel that
body so I'm going to enjoy this now and
then I'm going to take a shower
a much-needed shower I'm watching benjin
Judy you guys know I love benji and judy
vlogs if you do not watch them watch
them i'll link to their vlog channel
below it's called it's Judy's life oh my
god I'm just catching up because it's
been so long who's I've been able to
watch their vlogs and I'm watching this
one called wife swap and they like go
out they've got three kids so it's like
a rarity for them to go out and it is so
funny because they like got so dressed
up they both look so good Judy's wearing
this dress is like she's got the boobies
out and let's just just take a little
gander Judy you are looking fierce on
this occasion my mouse is even attracted
but Benji came in and she's like oh you
look like a fancy limo driver and Ben
she's like let me see if I can find it
it's just so funny I love watching vlogs
I love doing vlogs
oh god I'm looking really rough I need
to go shower immediately immediately
I just finished washing all of my well
they're not all of my brushes but these
are most of my like my most used brushes
they were getting so dirty I had to wash
them so I'm gonna go lay them flat to
dry now but I'm so glad that I did that
time for some tea something really
depressing just happened and I don't
even want to show you I'm so devastated
look this mug broke it's my favorite one
that I got in Denmark and I loved it so
much like it was just in my tea video
I'm so sad it's my own fault which is
probably better cuz if someone else did
it I would have been so pissed but
because I did it I just hate myself
so really sad about that but you know
what it's just a mug it's just a month
but you know when you get it's like a
souvenir it means a lot to you but there
it is
so sad times can't put that back
together I'm gonna have some liquorice
and peppermint I haven't had it in a
couple of days so I'm actually really
looking forward to this come on come on
kettle yeah anyway I'm gonna go to the
living room and tried to edit
yesterday's vlog quickly and well
quickly we'll see how long it takes it
but it really the camera battery's gonna
die so I'm gonna put you on the charger
we just took Reggie for his walk and
he's got a snack on his head a carrot
he loves carrots so much I'll update you
in a minute yeah he doesn't eat they
mean just chews on them like a bone it's
so funny I don't know I feel like
Reggie's maybe he gained some weight and
his bum he might need to go on a diet he
has not gained weight he just looks like
that he's beautiful and perfect Aslan
was very kind and made me a little
pre-dinner snack because we're going out
really late tonight well really late for
me 7:30
anyway maybe this salad and two sausages
which I'm probably only gonna have a one
sausage but get that protein in their
salad looks delish cannot wait I haven't
eaten since this morning as you know if
these foods for breakfast but then I
didn't have anything in between which is
really bad so it is almost five o'clock
now and I am really excited for this I
have to say the banana bread has gone
down very well that's what the inside
looks like
excuse the crumbs it's gone down here
you've been loving it you know you
actually just say what you said earlier
about it you know it's the best yeah so
you will louder it's the best but on a
brand you have ever made which I don't
know how but I thought it was gonna be
like yeah well it turned like really
crunchy and then the inside was still
really moist and I thought it was gonna
be quite dry okay so we're going bowling
have I said this yet no so we are going
bowling with Amelia and a few of her
friends this is like the first time
we've been out in public past 6:30 in a
very long time last night anyway
yeah weird but um I cheat look really
red and pink should I go fix that know
if that's just a cam McCaul like mom oh
yeah there's no one is it okay anyway um
we were just like talking about going
bowling and in this bowling place you
have to have dinner as well and we just
like looked it up I mean I already knew
this but I completely forgot
inside the place it's like an American
diner so that is - American diner
dinners in like I honestly I'm not
craving it after last night that cheese
parsley and I would anything by burger
right now but we are gonna do this for
the greater good so it should be fun
anyway I'm quite excited oh look what
the cat dragged in take me only I hear
you're too good at bowling so we can't
take you cuz you're too good what are
you looking at you want to treat me the
best
oh well Reggie's gonna get up to some
serious lounging whilst we're gone oh
and as I was gonna show off his amazing
bowling skills I suck at it to isolate -
OH
being total stars that you know and you
just got a couple big stone that's I
know they went down the gate no good
time oh that's amazing
okay so says stay now I'm really gonna
concentrate on her technique it okay
pick the ball you get you're gonna go
for a light one what way is that is that
14 that's waiting okay right wait
oh my God look at that that's rich pays
a nice embarrassing little group photo
mode what's going on here
alright ladies and gents I did again
that booty though I was like oh I just
have to film the best one ever
okay this is a spare for my glue okay
you can do this
oh not quiet not quite they said that
stage are we to look and she's like
that's so much footage of me being a
fool I actually think she's quite good
okay I don't wanna tell us them to look
at that face let's see
Oh No
you are gonna freak out when you see
this on the menu what it is
peanut butter and haha we're having a
choke attack oh my god I'm like maneuver
actually it takes quite a while but
anyway I'm so excited because if you
watch Amelia's love's you'll know guy
and guy has so much he's got bad love in
the world and you know he's just walked
into the restaurant and gave us all a
hug can we bring down snowballs I mean
vlogging so in a minute I will
hey guys this is Eric's I think I'm into
blogging I'm now Amelia Destin and the
chicken wing this is real oh my god
Amelia has her selfie stick out as per
usual that is so funny I'm trying to
smile so we are now done with the
bowling watch your step there with its
finest steps I can maneuver steps
I stayed up some reason do you think
I've really drunk and I'm gonna like
fall over he's had five double with you
come on I had two double whiskey's three
doubles he's and a beer another two
double whiskey's on the way home anyway
we had a great time I'm so glad I really
invited this side thank you very much
Amelia much appreciated it is almost
midnight and I see one who's got to go
to bed things like 10:30
no it's 11:40 ready okay alright okay
anywho we are heading back home we will
see you in the next video bye
Linda was very evening experiences of
