I'm starting this vlog at 2 o'clock in
the afternoon because well I don't even
really know why I kind of had a plan to
blog today and then that plan just
didn't happen until right now where I
sat at I was like oh yeah I was gonna
vlog today so yeah that's what happened
there I can give you a little rundown of
what I've been doing today so it's just
like a typical typical day for me I woke
up as an alarm went off at 7:30 this
morning which was really annoying and I
woke up showered and I actually filmed
two videos so I filmed a healthy button
video which if you don't know what that
is it's a little series that I'm doing
on healthy eating healthy food and
fitness and stuff so if you're
interested in that lots of people take
part in it on Instagram and they hashtag
healthy button with like their healthy
meals or their healthy lifestyle choices
etc so follow me on instagram at se
button and check out healthy button
that's really cool so I filmed that and
I also filmed something that I've been
putting off for my entire life which is
a channel trailer um I think it's like
one of those videos that it's hard to
think about because you're like you're
trying to promote yourself but like it's
really I don't I don't like doing those
kind of videos but it has to be done and
I feel like I needed a channel trailer
so I finally just sat down and did it
after my healthy eating video and then
have to look at it and see and try to
make it interesting but anyways it's all
boring stuff that you probably don't
care about and then after that what did
I all much what I've been doing just
filming and stuff like that I'm not in
the editing oh sorry Reggie just sneezed
I'm not in the editing zone and when not
in the zone excuse you and when you're
not in the zone you're not in the zone
it's not gonna happen I was wearing my
really cool kimono all day long I put it
on first thing I'm actually wearing
jeans right now I never wear jeans when
I'm at home but anyway I was wearing my
kimono and I just felt so so good in it
I mean
I just missed the warm weather in the
summertime so that that's another long
would've thought that means absolutely
nothing anyway I need to tidy up because
I don't know if you can see where is the
sink don't know sink is there and I need
to do some dishes and I will see you
making like bait doing some baking
because sometimes you know it just feels
good to bake and I kind of been in the
mood so I might bake some banana bread
and I got these ingredients to make
these healthiest cookies and if that
turns out that I'm going to do a video
on that so I'm a kind I'm kind of like
planning for potential future videos
we'll see if they turn out so uh yeah
how did you like that little speech
about absolutely nothing now I'm going
to get some socks on because I'm the
barefoot and my toes are freezing and I
need to do some tidying up because I
just feel really in the brain I just
need to clean some stuff and do that so
I will be back when I'm baking
this is the final banana bread batter
and it smells so good
I used a completely different recipe and
this is called the mom's banana bread
it's on the Canadian living site which
sounds so Canadian but I have to have
things that are like measured in cups
instead of weights because I I just
can't does the only way I can make so
it's a little bit different to my usual
recipe but it smells amazing so
hopefully it'll taste even better I
decided to put some walnuts on the top
so I just sprinkled them on there I've
never done this before so hopefully they
don't burn or anything but now it is
time for to go in the oven so I need to
put the camera down or else I can't do
this there we go
how we put stuff in the oven like this
be careful don't burn yourself well
let's see how long this needs to bake
for 60 to 70 minutes so I said earlier
that I was going to make the healthy ish
cookies but I'm not in the zone for that
anymore and I've got some other stuff to
do so that's fine this just going to be
longer than I thought so now it is time
for me to clean up these dishes and I'm
just like the dishes I'm gonna drink a
big glass of water and then I'm gonna
get on with life I like baking but some
you don't wanna I never want to overdo
it with baking because then I don't
enjoy it as much so there you go yay
banana bread I forgot you guys hadn't
seen Reggie yet today so here is
beautiful Reggie he's been so good today
he's trembling for some reason he must
be really excited um he's been really
good today but one thing I'll tell you
about him remember this moose well he's
completely destroyed it and it's the
weirdest thing
because Reggie never like does this to
any of his toys like he never tears them
apart
excuse my fading lipstick but for some
reason he's just like in love with this
guy like not kind of in love I'm talking
completely infatuated wants to marry
this moose but I don't know
oh so we've tried sewing it up and he
just keeps ripping it and ripping it but
I said to as LEM soon we're just gonna
have to cut the head off and just give
it to him like this because he loves it
so much don't you don't you don't look
creepy don't look creepy it's so good
you're amazing okay let's see if I can
get up I just drank so much water my
stomach is so full of water okay so I am
going to read this is the book I'm
reading you probably all know I've got
the book club thing going it's called
hash tag buttons bookshelf so you can
check that out I feel like I've been
doing a lot of check out this hash tag
but that's my life you know the Internet
so I'm almost done this book and I'm
trying to get the video up the to be the
first video in February so I just need
to finish this book and lean out jot
down a few thoughts and stuff so I'm
almost done - this book is so so good
the only problem I have with this book
and I don't want to go too much into
this because it'll be in the video is
that as soon as she like she'll write
about something and then I'll have to go
online and look at it so she'll be
talking about an SNL skit or something
and I'm like yet that was so hilarious I
need to watch that right now so then I
kind of get distracted but such a good
book I hope you're all reading it oh did
you roll over on your doughnut toy did
it scare you
oh it's okay it's just this okay so can
I just say that I had like a total like
mind blank moment because I could have
sworn that when I put the banana bread
in it was 3:40 in the afternoon and I
was like okay I'll come back and check
on it at like 4:30 and then I came here
I was like checking this out and I was
on my laptop and I was like 250 it's 250
it's not 340 well that's you know it's
250 not 350 am I making sense what I'm
trying to say is none of the clocks in
here are right except the only ones I
can trust I want on my phone in on my
laptop phone phone and on my laptop I
don't know why so I actually have more
time
I'm that I thought I did which means I
can potentially watch YouTube videos no
I'm kidding I'm getting down to business
just thought I'd update you that my
clock was an hour ahead in case she
cared so it's been about half an hour oh
my god
and I came in to check on the banana
bread and oh there's a problem
 this is what's happening you can't
really tell let me open this up oh my
god okay all right crisis crisis
Reggie can't you help me also as I got
rid of our oven mitt and we just have
one now so this this is slightly more
difficult than I am however thought
maybe forever it could be oh Oh oh
my god oh okay take this out honestly
how could someone use one mitt to take
something out this is insane oh my god
so the bread has risen quite a bit but
the actual bread isn't done like it's
still wet inside so I have to put it
back in oh my god nothing's easy
I'm just taking Reggie for a walk and it
is one of the most freezing days of the
year like it feels way colder than
Canada I don't know what the deal is
with that but Reggie's seems very
interested in something over here
so yeah I I was walking I noticed that
it smells a lot like banana bread I was
like ah maybe someone else is making
banana bread I was like no it's just my
hair and another important Reggie update
we're getting his nails trimmed on
Monday so exciting times he is feeling
pretty boss right now I put on his black
coat I don't like this coat probably
looks better but it collects so much
hair and dust and dirt so it just looks
more gross grosser more gross I don't
know but yeah he is dressed in black he
is Sheikh he is ready to go to a fashion
show basically woah little flowers are
kind of starting to sprout I would zoom
in but I'm one-handed it's just funny
how that happens like it is so freezing
but I guess the flowers just get
confused but let's not forget Springs
coming soon Reggie is a happy little
camper eating his dinner and I thought
I'd just show you what the banana bread
looks like so for some reason it like so
as you can see it's a pretty huge loaf
and the top I don't know some of them
are kind of burnt but I think it'll
taste okay we shall see Richie hello
good evening everybody
I am back at home how you doing my lady
I'm good I'm typing up um tomorrow's
blog post which is an illustrators
corner which is a really cool post and
an illustrator from New York drew some
sweet as drawings I'm just typing this
up but I was talking about this earlier
and it happened and the moose was
decapitated the Moose is very loose
originally part of the head ready to
leave the head alone so this moose used
to have a head but since it was hanging
on by a thread and I knew ready we just
rip it apart again you just got rid of
it so I'm gonna sew up the the neck of
the this is a little bit gory I'm gonna
sew this up and you'll have one a lot to
go instead of one yeah one a head one
body so it's just the body can take it
you take it oh yeah holy Oh
yeah he does so we I am obviously in
public right now and we decided to go
get something to eat
and guess who's joined me mu Oh ladies
and gentlemen a meal is about um you
seem to love him in the last language I
don't blame you he's a great looking man
and that's what we're just talking about
now so anyway yeah I mean as one and I
are going to get something to eat we
wanted to go back to that restaurant
called Michael it meals like don't use
my body for views um so I thought I
wanted to go back to the restaurant
called Arab Musa called an Arabica
Arabica okay let's point out I blend Pat
looking good and that had very cold so
okay I'll update you text to these
people around it's really embarrassing
so we are back in the car and yeah so
we're gonna go to Arabica but it was
full of people and it just like wasn't
the one you know I wasn't gonna wait to
like 8:30 for dinner and you know we
just wanted you know that's a thing in
London sometimes you cannot get a table
and it's not enjoyable to have lunch
with someone or dinner with someone like
from across the room basically so we're
gonna go to a place called Oaxaca we've
been there before so good I'm talking
guacamole I'm talking burritos I'm
talking tortilla chips and salsa did I
say guacamole so we're gonna go there
and hopefully there are some tables but
we're gonna have to go to a different
area I think so yeah enjoying the
thought of food potentially in the next
25 minutes or so
food update we have now been to four
different Oaxaca locations I don't know
if you understand what that entails but
we're exhausted
we're tired we're hungry every single
place is over an hour wait
and it's just not the one I mean London
has amazing qualities but sometimes I'm
not focused but sometimes it's things
like this that really piss you off
that's good 9r they have like that
chuckling so now I don't know what we're
gonna do
like I wanna eat I feel like we should
just go get some food and make it at
home
where's the lies for them I don't know
quick let's put the screen up then we
could really worry you get a preview all
right so we just been standing here
thinking what are we gonna eat we're so
depressed and then I met a beautiful
viewer and I have a master named I
always do that yeah and where you from
you're visiting from a Germany I should
have known something I didn't know but I
didn't want to assume oh so what are you
enjoying somewhere hot London everything
yeah it's so beautiful I've been here
before but I'm on it
I got just
finish your inviting them household and
I was like how did you do I don't know a
to another file of the physical opieop
funny London isn't freezing and we're
all trying to find food Chelsea if it
happens we have decided to go to Ed's
easy diner Camille will open up books
and mail will show you this is the venue
we are going to be getting milkshakes
cheese burgers hot dogs chicken and
diner favorites it's going to be an
amazing time Iceland's a little bit
annoyed that we didn't just wait at the
first restaurant
no I'm saying but at this point which
she was just waiting the first or second
season points out by now but I said you
have to live in the present moment and
appreciate what's happening in the now
hope you ready
milkshake very ironic I'm wearing my
cheeseburger cheesy breads cheesy fries
cheesy fries this is not the healthy
button that I am trying to be but yellow
my meals a young growing boy so he got
some waffles as well well that I should
have pretty sure done it Helen delicious
howdy how good how could you think
they'll be doing
bloody thing I mean oh god I'm looking
so greasy after that meal oh my god
anyway as lesson decided to get a
milkshake you got a coffee pulp smell
change and I tried it and it tastes like
a liquefied coffee crisp chocolate bar
which I think it's a North American
thing I've never seen here but it's
amazing let me have another swing about
Wow whoo that is y'all gonna go get mold
mold yeah like it's when Emile and I
ordered our milk shakes we just get
balls
milkshakes cuz we got it go like that
and now he's like make sure you get both
a round shape um you're gonna be up to
like 4 o'clock in the morning on like a
coffee hi how much extra cookie do mean
it tastes like coffee that's good this
is what I'm wearing I have a little cami
this is like one of these whoa whoa
v-neck camis from Topshop I love them I
wear them like every day and this is my
plane that
