good morning everyone I thought I would
vlog today because I'm actually going to
leave the house for once in my life I
have kind of a busy day today it's about
10:30 right now so I've already as you
can see done my makeup and everything
and I decided I'm wearing my sunglasses
today because it's hella sunny out there
so I well actually why don't I just tell
you about the chaos that's been going
down because I live with the worktop
basically we got rid of that shelving
unit there we actually sold it la it was
a lot no two nights ago the guy came to
pick it up and then we were left with
all these holes in the wall so aslan DIY
did it he fills all the holes and then
he completely repainted this wall so
sadly Reggie's bed has been moved to the
living room we just say he's gone
camping he's camping but he honestly
does not seem to care I guess he's just
an easygoing guy
so last night Aslan was painting and he
decided to start painting at like 9 or
10 o clock at night he's like I'm gonna
paint that wall tonight I was like ok it
is actually like living with Tim the
Toolman Taylor because he's constantly
doing DIY stuff I try not to get too
frustrated but my gosh just one day of
bees blaze now I know how Tim Taylor's
wife felt but I'm just joking around
it's no big deal and I'm actually quite
glad because we're getting a different
shelving thing as you can probably tell
from our vlogs our style and our taste
changes a lot and we thoroughly enjoy
the process of buying and selling
furniture like someone said the other
day I think you've had like seven or
eight couches since you started vlogging
and that's probably accurate because we
just get we get sick of one and then we
sell it and we get another one then we
sell that we get another one so whatever
floats your boat that's what I say
styles change Styles evolve so I am
really hungry because my whole morning
routine was totally disturbed because
the we ordered like groceries online
which we don't do very often but we did
it the other night and I totally forgot
they were coming and Aslan was walking
Reggie this morning at like 8 o'clock in
the morning and the delivery guy came
and I was like and let's just be real I
didn't have very many clothes on okay I
was just about to get into the shower I
was like snap I
like get some clothes on and I asked her
the door and the guy was like are you
over the age of eighteen because I must
have looked kind of rough like no makeup
hair was totally messed and weird
pajamas
anyway it was all good in the hood and
that's all after report so I'm gonna go
make breakfast
I think the kettle is just boiling so
I'm gonna make my tea and then I'm gonna
get going
so my first little meeting this morning
is with someone from Atlas magazine and
if you've never seen this magazine I
think it's sold in Selfridges but owned
Impuls
it's a really everything something in my
throat it's a really cool fashionable
magazine and it's just like one of those
things that you could look at for years
and hours and I love magazines that you
can keep and it's not just like a
throwaway magazine this is actually like
really cool to look at and it's a great
coffee table item so yeah I'm really
excited to meet her but I'm also really
sad leave Reggie Oh Reggie it's gonna be
okay everything is gonna be okay
beautiful boy I don't think there's much
point doing an outfit of the day because
it's so boring but I might just open up
this door to show some more light it's
so crazy it's so dark in here
okay anyway this is what I'm wearing I
have a little cami this is like one of
these whoa whoa v-neck camis from
Topshop I love them I wear them like
every day and this is my plane that
sweater from cause I'm not loving the
elbow patches but because they're kind
of like faux leather I'm more into it my
necklace is from my friend Chelsea's
shop it's called shop and I mean people
always ask me where I get it and I
always link it in the description box
but I think it's called a tiny bar
necklace or something I love I just
never take it off and then jeans wise
I'm wearing these kind of like leather
look jeans from Topshop I think they're
they're not Jamie's there I think
they're Lee jeans it's like a leather
look I'll try to link it down below and
then shoes I'm wearing my Nike roche
runs and then brings I'm wearing my
Monica vanator ring and I'm wearing this
ring from Maya Miguel and I need to
paint my nails really quickly Reggie
thinks he sees a squirrel buddy I need
to paint my nails super super quick
because they're just in a
date I'm gonna go with this little
combination I'm gonna put my coat on
first though so that I don't have to
deal with that wish me luck
so I am in Tom's kitchen it's very quiet
Nero has been delivered no it's very
quiet mellow something I don't know why
I am sitting here chatting about what's
magazine which is very cool and I'll let
you introduce yourself because it's
always the way and you're just stunning
you're a stunning person okay so we're
talking about Atlas magazine here it is
and you're actually I guess you could
say you're the co-founder yeah is that
my site co-founder yep yep it's really
exciting oh my gosh it's really really
exciting and I just think it's a huge
accomplishment at such a young age can I
say you're aged 22 years old
and she has made this happen and it's
like I said it's sold in Selfridges and
where else is it sold it so like all
over London yeah on the website okay so
I'll link it down below it is very very
cool and you pick it up oh that's
amazing yeah and can I just say you've
got these muscles here let me zoom in on
this as you all know why aren't you
focus thank you I don't eat fish but
that actually looks so good so I'm not
trying one but I am tempted then I got
these two sides I got carrots and
vegetable root mash which looks quite
nice and some green tea so I'm trying to
be healthy kind of I just finished
having breakfast lunch with Olivia from
Atlas she was so nice I just hope the
magazine blows up because she really
deserves it
anyway I'm gonna meet up with Amelia and
my eyes are watering for some reason but
I want to get her some flowers long
story so I finally met Emilia
opportunity to tell you why I would bomb
so you already know I was trying to find
flowers for you because it's been so
long and I couldn't listen I passed a
flower place and I was like I was just
down the street and to the right and I
ended up at like a totally other
postcode because I couldn't find this
place I was like driving around trying
to find me long story short no flowers
but you know but we're going to get a
bite to eat now I think we're both
feeling the chicken salad by we've come
to the botanist and here is what I'm
getting I got this soup which is like
some sort of a vegetable soup and then I
got a side of this like it was in French
I had no idea what it was but it looks
like meat and a fries so we can share
these and Emilia got this really
interesting sank tartare with a raw egg
so that's a very adventurous alright I
just got home and I am greeted by this
handsome man who is stretching again oh
he's beautiful boy he's beautiful boy
Alan just left but he's coming back
apparently he just called me so I am
like what am i doing get it together
I took an uber back home because I was
quite tired and I've got a bit of a
headache and I had the nicest driver
like he's like do you want me to turn
the heat on do you want me to turn the
radio on whatcha I don't know I just
thought he was extraordinarily nice
that's my doorbell hang on sorry about
that there was somebody at the door
collecting donations for children with
diabetes diabetes diabeetus I feel like
on like American commercial life
I have diabetes but diabetes however II
want to say it so of course I'm gonna
donate and anyway he said he's doing a
hundred penalty kicks to raise money for
it so I might actually well I probably
will be
go see em do it but I mean I wish the
guy good luck and you probably don't
care about this but yeah quite a few
people I'm trying to reach something and
I just can't reach and hold the camera
the example is really heavy box oh my
god but I am trying to find the tylenol
aspirin to make my headache go away
Reggie can you make the headache go away
can you make my headache go away I had
so much water normally that's why I get
a headache but for some reason I think
it's the change in the weather it's been
like really rainy and really whatever so
oh my gosh
last two good times she's beautiful you
can make me feel better
this morning I said mm I was like have
you ever seen Reggie's eyelids he's like
yeah they're really bulgy I was like
don't talk about Reggie like that he's I
am gonna go wash my face take this
makeup off it's been on all day and get
into my pajamas and enjoy life and I
enjoy life I mean clean the kitchen
which should be a lot of fun not so let
me go do that
alright the DIY man himself is back at
it yeah I mean it looks professional you
did a great job painting it well done so
now the paint is dry and hopefully
things will go back to normal now yeah
whoa I can see your underwear
this isn't porn so gene I'm uploading a
vlog now which should go up soon
romantic walk through the Barbican
coming at ya right now this thing isn't
squeaking yeah all of a sudden he's so
happy
see what that's girls so bad
whoa Reggie whoa give me that squirrel
whoa
give me his squirrel oh whoa right out
of my lap that booty though
whoa back back back it up back back back
it up ah
back back back it up I've just been
packaging up some giveaway prizes I'm
kind of starting to think maybe this
tape won't hold so maybe I'll have to
add some more tape to that but seems
kind of sturdy but Feder states and
stories and hopefully I can get these
sent out tomorrow I'm wearing Aslan
sweater that he wore I think yesterday
and I just like saw it on her bed and I
was like I'm gonna wear that I'm cold
and when I went downstairs they gave
Athleta hug oh and he's just like oh you
smell amazing I was like it's your own
smell like you like your own smell so in
case anybody wanted to hear that story
uh nothing really - oh I just scratched
my nose I have nothing really to report
right now it was really good to see
Amelia today it's been so long I mean
it's been a month maybe that doesn't
seem long to you but it was I feel like
it was a long time so it was so fun to
talk to her and just like vent a little
bit and just yeah feel great about 2015
if you do not already watching millions
videos I'm gonna link to her channel
down below make sure you subscribe and
I'm not just saying this because she's
like my BFF she is so funny and I love
her videos so much so I'm gonna link to
her channel down below she just vlogs as
well and she did a little bit of
vlogging from today too so you should
check that out and I don't really know
what else I should do right now I have a
you know when your nut a kind of mood
where I have a lot of things I could be
doing but I also have a lot of YouTube
videos I'd like to watch so kind of like
mixed emotions well I can show you a
sneak peak of this so I'm thinking of
doing an office tour and
do you want to see you sneak into my
drawer well a little sneak okay let me
try to get this as organized as possible
it'll probably be a little more
organized when I do that video but yeah
I really like tape a lot as you can see
I've been collecting it for so long a
lot of these I haven't opened yet
because I don't open them unless I'm
ready for them that's a lie obviously
all of these ones are open but I have
this tape dispenser here this is from a
store called ahey and I just put my
three tapes in there and I use them all
the time like I use them to seal
envelopes I just use them for many many
things and I get these as gifts all the
time like people buy me tape it's so
beautiful I like that people know me as
that I actually have two of these ones
so I should give that one away but yeah
tape makes me happy and I love it when I
see fancy tape I just get all the
excitement going through my veins I know
people are gonna be like that's really
excessive but you got to have a passion
in this life and you know what my tape
obsession isn't killing anyone so I'm
just gonna go with that yeah what's up
with you guys
let's talk like how's it going do you
have anything you want to tell me
probably not this is the kind of a
one-sided conversation but yeah nothing
else to report really I hope you guys
are liking the vlogs I've been trying to
blog a little more even though I'm not
really doing anything but you guys say
you want to see more luck so give this
video a thumbs up if you want me to keep
vlogging and subscribe while you're at
it tell your friends make them vlog
lovers and I think I'm gonna wrap up
this video because I have nothing else
on my mind and I'm becoming very boring
so I'm going to wrap up this video and I
will see you in the next vlog diggity
bye do you want to tell the viewers
hello
little bit about the site I'm
interviewing you know I'm the trail
director and anivia standard
