I'm not normally up and Adam this early
on a Sunday well it's 10:00 in the
morning usually I'm still well into my
pajamas own probably just having
breakfast but I'm actually going to
Yamcha which is just near Liberty near
Oxford Circus and I'm going to meet a
friend who I've never actually met
before so should be interesting I like
meeting new people and I'm excited to go
get some tea at Youngjae I'm chose one
of my favorite places in London I
absolutely love it so Reggie is just
stalking Aslan right now because he
thinks he's gonna get a treat but I'm
afraid he's not gonna get a treat
unfortunately as linens feeling really
sick this morning he woke up and his
voice was so croaky it's better now like
you know when you wake up initially when
you're ill yeah in the first like off
and I waking up he feels horrible but
yeah and he's wearing his new slippers
could see my mom - thank you mommy very
very comfortable
they actually suit him so well and he
says they're not too hot in here which
is a big thing for me slippers outside
slippers make you know too hot overall
you know if your feet are hot your whole
body's thoughts who want ya perfectly
isn't that right thinking I think we
should go we are as I'm was going to
come with me into the center but he was
to six but I think he's gonna meet me
afterwards yeah so we'll see yeah so I'm
in E I'm cha and I am talking to Rebecca
Scandinavian standard and we're just
talking a little bit about it's what you
call it like a digital man
the website and we're having a nice cup
of tea
so I got this green tea and peppermint
and a brownie and do you want to tell
the viewers hello a little bit about the
site I'm interviewing you know and we
are to a poll probably and the site is
so cool it has lots of little tips and
like good recommendations for food and
dropping and places to go and places to
see and lots of local businesses stuff
so check it out it's a beautiful site
just to look at I'll leave the link down
below alright so it's been a while since
my last update
Azlan came and met with me so actually
he came to get me and then we both
traveled to her oh yeah he whisked me
off to the Barbican yes and I've never
been here before
yep because I'm just curious to see what
it's like here and we went to see an
exhibition we weren't allowed to film or
take pictures there but it was what was
the actual exhibition called
just
constructing worlds constructing world
photograph architecture I thought it's
quite cool and we saw lots of
interesting photos of people that aslan
really admires and likes but I won't
keep talking from hunger because the
camera is going to die I think we're
gonna get a bite to eat after this and
it's pretty much it if you want to see
what the Barbican is this called the
Barbican estate looks like this is kind
of what it looks like and then there's
more flats all the way up there it's
really cool yeah yeah so the Barbican
estate was built in the 60s or 50s
cotton which one but and it's kind of
all concrete very kind of hardcore
brutalist action so you got these big
towers and you have these low-lying
houses and it's all a bit like that you
know some more big towers spaces minded
well I think now if you want to live in
the Barbican you have to kind of seek it
out you know so no I don't think this is
everybody's cup of tea like you know so
apparently it's quite hard to get a flat
here
oh we're always very loud in Spanish
environment
America restaurant and Farringdon tapas
restaurant and this will work more doubt
like three or four dishes but this is a
nice little chicken dish they kind of
bring each thing out like separately so
we forgot to vlog and but this is the
chicken Pig kind of chickeny puree that
time and what do you go ahead I don't
know what the waitress the P described
locally she's like and she's so pretty
and she's just so good where's more
grandmother's case nothing nothing no I
don't like it
yeah good caramel chocolate really good
I don't wait till the coffee mm-hmm well
I wanted to split one without one and he
said no like this it was it was like
chocolate mousse
yeah I was like you want to split when
he's like no I mean we are on my own I
was like you're not even let me have two
bites he's like no I'm having my own
there's no better way to be grieves when
you get at home and by this little snap
right here that's now no snaps no get
your coat on you go for his walk all
right so we're back home now as then
walked Reggie which was nice
and I think we're gonna wrap it up for
tonight oh wow it's really dark and hell
with it
I think you mentioned that we're gonna
make an online food order maybe yes yeah
maybe try out that new service where
it's all about like local shops yeah
we'll see but we want to make a little
list of food that we need which is like
the most boring things in the world to
me
yeah has to be done eggs bread milk oh
he gave just cuz he didn't get a kiss
she we both kiss him on camera we're
such Sadow's oh my god
all right so we're gonna wrap up this
video and Reggie do you want to take it
away
nothing report but uh you know snot
mother
right over here at Monmouth City to Los
AIDS and she did such amazing lot they
are at to the heart
okay you want some chocolate on yours so
I hate to ruin the design but it has to
be done
