good morning Ritchie how are you doing
this for tea if you have a good sleep
yeah you're beautiful you're beautiful
so we're going to take Reggie to the
park but I feel like I can't do anything
until I guess it's not focusing but I
feel like I can't do anything until I
get some tea me so I'm actually gonna
take some tea to go I'm trying to do it
quickly because Auslan really wants to
go and he's gonna be like what the hell
are you doing in there making tea again
we're gonna be like no coming so kettle
is boiling
oh it's boiled okay let's do this here's
my new to-go cup this was actually a
gift from Aslan for Christmas am i
stalking I just realized this thing is
called a keep Cup it says it right on
the top
keep Cup and I think they've got lots of
different designs I'll link to it down
below because when Aslan gave it to me I
was like really infatuated with them I
thought they were really cool
anyway Reggie just pooped and I think
he's gonna go crazy
Reggie everything he just loves to go
crazy after he poops oh my god okay I
don't know if I wasn't picked that up
but I'm gonna have to now locate the
poop so in the dog play part area we saw
another greyhound and it was actually a
greyhound mix it was like greyhound I
don't know what it was mixed as I can't
wrong what she said but the dog was
running around everywhere and ever name
was Molly and Reggie and Molly Brack
she's running around everywhere and
roji actually seemed to like her despite
the owner saying that that like Molly
didn't really get along with other dogs
but well but I think that was kind of
what the point I'm trying to make is
like every time I come here I see these
weird trees am i weird I mean wonderful
I really like them can any of you tell
me what these are
they're they're really cool and they
kind of look like celery or dill or
something but they're really tiny and
they're just like amongst the big
regular trees so I know I just thought
I'd show you these because I'm
fascinated by them
okay I just had to go to Sainsbury's and
pick up a couple of things hello I'd
show you what I got see all right so I
got some spinach I got some crispy
lettuce I got some coconut water for my
smoothies oh my gosh I see Athens
cracked into his second half pound
Reese's Cup which she will know about if
you follow me on Twitter I got some
chicken I got some bacon because you
can't live without that some ham in case
somebody wants a sandwich and by
somebody I mean as like um chocolate
chip cookies olives which are good what
else is in here
and some sourdough bread and I think
that's everything we just like kind of
ran out of the staple items so I think
I'm gonna make myself an egg on toast
don't mind my coat laying there I just
threw it off as soon as I got home we're
just like can you put your coat away
please
fine okay finally finished getting out
of the shower and doing my makeup and my
hair is second day hair and let me tell
you dry shampoo is my favorite thing
ever because I think it makes my hair
look better than if I was just like
getting out of a salon I don't know I
love my hair messy and dry shampoo is
just the one to make that happen so
anyway I what are we gonna do now I have
a lot of editing to do because I was
interrupted yesterday if you remember
and I want to edit yesterday's vlog and
I want to start editing today's vlog and
oh my gosh you can see all these lights
I have people always ask me to do like
what how I set up my videos and stuff so
I might do that in the future but not
right now I can't even I don't even have
the strength to even think about that
because every time I've had to clean up
this room I can't because those lights
are there so I'm trying to think of
something that's a little bit more
compact so I'm gonna go make myself a
cup of green tea if you're wondering
what foundation I'm wearing i just did a
blog post well i'm going to do a blog
post today but i just photographed it of
all the base products so yeah let's make
that tea happen
and get that editing done so for the
past half an hour as one's been making a
new friend
oh it seemed like forever because like
the one I started doing my makeup I
heard you talking to him yeah anyway who
was that your new BFF
aw it was just a somebody a foot soldier
for the local MP
a loser for the first time on local MP
is not the first number I think for the
last 20 30 years the consistency that
we're in has been a very clear one party
insurgency and Felicity for the first
time there's going to be quite a contest
for the seat so I think the look limp is
getting quite worried getting people out
and about asking people questions what
they feel yeah but you were like
properly talking about politics like
quite deep into it I felt so I like to
keep abreast all the issues abreast yes
I should do that too you know oh my god
I hope no one ever asks me political
questions because you lost me at
politics
I tried why'd you do it little greasy
that's true i blended study politics but
still Reggie is really taking over our
living room oh by the way we got this
other Polaroid film and it's not amazing
but here's the latest picture of me
editing as per frigging normal but in
case you wanted to see what that was
rich Reggie is in the zone again his
happy place been away I have my mint tea
I've had mint teenages so that I'd have
some mint tea and I'm just reading
through my tweets at the moment I've
just come to my main computer to reply
to some emails and other really exciting
stuff like that such as paying bills
really fun Saturday maybe I'm just a
really sad person for actually enjoying
like getting myself organized on a
Saturday I don't know I don't know I
just feel so much more productive if I
do it like you know if I did on the
weekend that I'm set for the week then
on Monday I feel clearer mind clear
space so anyway let me try to figure
out this isn't thing with online banking
I can never figure out I don't know my
passwords I don't know anything I'm such
a old grandma
yeah anyway okay I then I get down to
business and I will let you know what
I'm doing something a little more dill
rating okay the time is about 5:30
well my class here is really good for
them yeah this is why I think I think
the osteopath will be really happy
you're laying like this
Andrea whatever your name is if you're
watching this this is where I stay 24/7
a complete right angle with a neck up
right and I just so the loads down does
that happen anyway it's what time is it
uh four o'clock actually and so we were
gonna go to a museum today welcome good
yesterday it's like museum welcome
collection because they have a
exhibition all about XCX I think it's
too late as it closes at six
yeah so we instead we're gonna head into
town get some get some food right what
else should we do there is anything go
to the club I mean I have no idea what
to do right now like I'm kind of like
can we go for dinner but then what else
I can't think of anything what can your
friends this would look a good friend we
give you our friends and then maybe do
stuff for them but then what do you even
do with your friends I don't know I've
never had anything it's pretty much the
same stuff you do myself but it's made
more enjoyable because a lot of people
there that's what I hear mm-hm
I don't I don't know too much better
this is the Roos update on the duvet
situation he effing loves it so I'm
gonna say he's all over that he's a big
fan are you ready yes no wait you wanna
go no Brahman I'll tell you that not
good girl okay no Robin Lebanese I love
Lebanese what about Chinese yeah I like
the idea of Lebanese Lebanese it's been
a while is about it
yeah I don't want to go for buggers on a
grill there okay we can go for
the Lebanese okay hey can I get this
back off the camera give it it's not
coming off
oh there oh no to the warm home and come
to a place called Erin rabbit area which
is a Lebanese place and it's in Borough
Market and it's looking pretty good for
the collapse here 205 and they have
homemade pickles and really cool lamps
of that mean kind of pendant lights
gonna be good and I'm getting burned
and Aspen I are actually getting at the
same thing we never wanted to see Maine
but this time
holy mother of pickles I'm so excited to
try these they look so good especially
these pink ones they're like my face
where's my orange juice I know that's
full of line of the flat man but what is
this this is pop Kusa which is like a
close yet and something else courgettes
marinated on the Fridays okay that's
cool and then what are you drinking
very nice little cocktail whiskey with
pictures and oranges whoa Azlan has
polished this off he's loved it and the
padushka and these are our mains
vegetarians look away but this is like a
beef I forget what it's called beef
kofta a baker look at the yeah
it's beef and bone marrow well
beef and bone marrow so it should be
good we're here at Monmouth hitting two
lattes and she did such amazing latte
art too hard with a lovebird okay - you
want some chocolate on yours oh I hate
to ruin the design but it has to be done
that's true yeah one well
maybe half that's my idea healthy
can you start mining
ooh that looks good
is the best coffee in London would you
say one of the best quite a big fan of
store students prescient moo-back whole
magic of editing but wait until they
just get back home yeah so anyway I
think we're gonna wrap up today's video
vlog video blog blog what I'm gonna call
it whatever you want to call it in this
day and age I am still enjoying this
we're gonna be high on coffee any minute
now I already am I are damn - I never
drink I visit the first coffee coffee
coffee I've had since like three weeks
before Christmas ready yeah I'm not
talking that's why I copy in Canada it's
a model so ignore what I just said yeah
anyway uh I think we wrap it up I might
vlog tomorrow potentially potentially
haven't made my mind up about that yeah
but yeah hope y'all have a great weekend
so far and we will see you in the next
one anything else you want to say I feel
like there's something on your tongue um
bigger ironic the kitchen was great very
very enjoyable great food yeah really
good like I have interesting biz there
is also very good all right see you guys
yeah I've just being at home chilling by
myself since my parents don't take me up
for dinner but yeah that's another story
so okay see you later bye that booty doe
can't believe it this is sheer happiness
right here Reggie could you get a look
