good morning I'm very happy this morning
because it's Iceland's birthday hello
I'm one year older 2007 yeah let's
getting up there now getting out there
that's a lot of lesser numbers laughs
that's a lot of candles on a cake that's
the point where it's actually
impractical to put 27 so yeah seven
anyway I know I look at singing right
now but I just wanted to say that I have
been keeping a secret from Ashlyn of
what his present was and like I am so
bad at keeping secrets I can keep a
serious secret but like a fun one I'm
like bursting so anyway I this is what
it is I'd say I stated a very good job
this year very good job at a keeping a
sieve because normally she manages to
blab it out somehow be actually the idea
and the execution excellent so here it
is I say for my birthday got a nice
little picture of myself and Reggie done
and it's right here would have been
right here all set up here and yeah it's
so nice and our friend George took it
and took it on his big four by five
camera and yeah just just beautiful and
we're gonna frame we're gonna hang it up
so nice somebody is not impressed but
just mad that we're not taking for a
while sure he's like what the hell guys
but yeah it was like quite a morning I
said to Aslan you need to leave the
house for five hours and he was like
okay and I was like trying to throw him
off and like all this stuff and George
came over and we set up this huge
backdrop she took a long time actually
very hard to find all the components and
then um yeah we just we just did it and
as I was saying that he loves that I
wore my slippers in it and I do too cuz
um
I just wanted it to seem like natural
like I'd actually wear that outfit which
I would and Reggie's got his little Dube
here I wanted this to be like a little
cleaner but he wouldn't he wouldn't sit
down less debt is Dube as we know he is
a man with very specific tastes
so halls ready to go let's go come cool
it is a super mild day out today the
weather is tricking us into thinking
it's not winter but I have a feeling
it's gonna come back with a vengeance
but today it's quite warm so it's really
nice
alright time for a little bit of
breakfast I'm having some Lizzy's
granola and a cup of tea but we're out
of milk so well we had a little bit of
milk left but that's it I'm gonna stay I
use most of it on hook team yeah so as
it has no welcome here and what is this
this is not those brown this is just
like it's just no milk good no and as
I'm is also snacking on these so these
are these little biscuits that I got at
the Nuremberg Christmas market and he
really likes them
so that's gonna shoot so despite it
being Aslan's birthday I'm going to be
filming a video and this hair is really
getting on my nerves
yeah Aslan is gone on a mysterious
project he wouldn't tell me what he was
doing I did have a nice day plan for us
but he said that he has to go out and do
some errands so I don't know what this
man is up to but it's his birthday so
I'm going to let him do what he wants
but we are gonna he's going to be back
around three o'clock and then we're
gonna go out for dinner later tonight to
celebrate I'm gonna be filming a video
it's going to be my winter essentials
hull because I bought some new stuff
recently and I thought I would fill it
today whilst the cat was away the mouse
would play so I'm gonna do that now and
I keep getting a notification saying
that my startup disk is full I just
don't know what to do about that and I
don't know what to do about this rat's
nest here she probably just brush it
brush it here's a glamorous behind the
scenes of what a haul video looks like
before it is filmed it's just a big pile
I am a fool a full okay
okay okay so a couple of days ago I
tweeted saying that I ordered the best
phone case ever I arrived it was the
best phone case ever I just did a haul
video
I said again it was the best phone case
ever and I spoke about how excited I was
about it and I ripped open the packaging
only to discover that I bought the wrong
size case and they don't even make the
one for the seven plus and I am
devastated not only because I can't
return this case because I've ripped
open the packaging
let's just appreciate it it's amazing
it's Patty and Selma but this is for as
iPhone and iPhone 7 and I have the seven
plus and I am seriously devastated right
now devastated I don't know what to do
so if any of you guys want this tweet me
I'm still not done filming my video
because my battery died and it has to
charge for at least an hour - so fun fun
fun in the meantime I am going to be
working with a brand next year and they
need my signature for this thing we're
doing and I basically I basically have
been just writing my signature on paper
for the past like 20 minutes trying to
think of what is the best one so I'll
show you guys I think this one is the
best one I don't know I feel like it's
the best
then there's or maybe that's better you
see the issue I have is when I sign and
I sign fast
I do e s T E and that the last II kind
of flips or you know it doesn't really
can really tell but anyway I like that
one and I like there's this one
I mean maybe these all look the same to
you guys this is that's a good one kinda
but I don't really like what's going on
there and that was the first one I did
and I don't like that one at all because
I feel like that doesn't even look like
my real signature so yeah I don't know I
could just keep signing and signing
signing but I think I'm just gonna
choose one of these because you know
some craziness is happening in my office
right now
my aloe plant is dying it's really like
I don't know what to do so basically
this plant is very healthy like I think
is it keeps sprouting new ones but I
think the situation is that it gets so
long and so heavy that they just fall
off because this particular stem is
still actually really heavy but just
like dies at the bottom so do you guys
think I need to replant this into
something bigger like the pot is not
that big or should I literally
just like chop it here and trim it like
I just don't really know what to do I
ended up going with this signature so if
you see my signature just know that this
is what it took just me writing it on a
piece of paper and then sending it off
and I'm assuming some kind of graphic
design or human is going to make it into
something a lot nicer than this just got
done with the filming it's three o'clock
I am truly spent because it's just yeah
everything was going wrong with that
filming but I think the video turned out
well despite of all the the chaos the
amount of door bells ringing and
battery's dying it was crazy
um anyway on a very exciting note I'm in
a magazine this month and it's called
Lyra magazine you may remember that I
spoke about this because they had a
Kickstarter campaign and I was like so
into that and I donated and I really
wanted to see this magazine happen and
luckily they made their goal so they
have a magazine now and it is the
coolest magazine ever it's filled with
I'll destroy I mean I think the cover
kind of you know says it all but it's
filled with absolutely beautiful photos
interviews photography poetry different
types of artwork it's a genuinely
interesting magazine to read and I am so
excited that they decided to put me in
the first
oh this is the second issue actually so
I wrote a piece called five tips for
self love and yeah it should definitely
go there I am you should definitely go
pick up this magazine if you want
something a little more interesting than
the ordinary very very excited about
this one
Reggie and I are off for our evening
stroll and again it's still really mild
out so that's really nice it's a nice
time for a walk
I have a feeling he's gonna run like
crazy come here thank you really wants
to play oh I'm gonna get you I could get
you so as long as finally home
it is almost 6:30 where have you been
all day it's a long long day secret
mission secret mission yeah
getting your Christmas present ready
really yeah I had a feeling anyway we're
going off to dinner we're going to a
restaurant called maze which is quite
nice restaurant and it's which the
Gordon Ramsay's you want to Gordon
Ramsay's many restaurants yes
all right the first course got here
there's going to be like six to seven
six or eight mini dishes so this is
tataki yes need to talk this is the
butter fish this is butter fish with
jalapeno oil so the next two have
arrived and they are the ones that aslan
ordered because they're both fish and I
don't eat fish lovely grilled octopus
here maybe with something else on over
here we have the black miso with the
special spice limes
look at that spiced lamb next up we have
some pork chops which looks lovely and
then this is some chicken with a what is
that I think that's like a little
Crockett which I love broccoli it's
carbs and cheese mofos happy day the
dessert is a rose it's an Apple and
Blackberry chart and the birthday boy
I've got the exact same thing
and we back and we back and we back and
we back
you
