good morning everyone another day in
Canada in fact it's our last day in
Canada which is sad but it's bittersweet
because we get to go home when see
Reggie which is good as you can see I am
in my Canada goose sweater again don't
judge me okay I didn't bring that many
clothes here and this is the most
comfortable thing I own and I like it
okay
I've also been loving the very minimal
makeup look literally just eyebrows and
like a teeny bit of concealer under my
eyes feeling good about that anyway so
we have a few things that we want to do
today we're just gonna be running around
a little bit right now I'm editing my
December favorites which is gonna go up
soon but I'm not gonna be able to finish
it now so I'll probably do it on the
plane but I wanted to show you these
Queens that I get my mom she's like
really really obsessed with them they're
like solar-powered Queens here they are
she just absolutely loves these things
for some reason I didn't think she was
gonna like this one because I think it
looks like a lot more I know not as nice
for some reason but she apparently loves
it even more so yeah and trust me she's
got like 20 more of these Queens
scattered around the house just in
Petsmart trying to track down that loose
from yesterday's vlog because my mom saw
has taken such a shine to it that we
thought we should get him one so I think
this is where she got it
they're checking I really want my mom to
get this for her dog Louis so that he
can look like the IKEA monkey don't wake
up that's so cute I like this one too I
wish Reggie could fit and do things like
that
do you consider yourself an honorary
Canadian maybe you follow me Luke Tim
Horton's oh yeah
so what are you eating for breakfast so
sweet teeth you did I don't have this
bacon maple and bacon breakfast and are
you not feeling very well today a little
bit yeah you're not gonna know if that
was you I'd be complaining for 25
minutes probably right about now so a
stay believes that the orthopedic care
self-help care in North America is much
better so she wants to get yourself one
of these about a few there's no sense
getting ones like me for you because
it's really expensive and unless you've
really bad seat problems you don't need
them so I'm trying to choose which one
you get look at these just feel good
jelly active series that could be good
free to the gym okay okay anyways so uh
yeah picking out some insults so this is
what I'm getting so far and I have to
say lots of this stuff is actually for
giveaways so I am trying not to buy too
much make it for myself I am getting
this nail polish for myself
it's called roulette blush no roulette
rush so nice but yeah most of his other
stuff is for giveaways so stay tuned for
that on Twitter and Instagram
mister sometimes we give away to my
stomach and finally I get too much -
thanks
crave crave jerky it's a bit more yeah I
want to take a look at the notebooks too
and oh my gosh look at all this washi
tape everybody's jumping on the washi
tape bandwagon and everyone thought I
was so crazy oh my gosh I love this one
you're coming with me this is probably
really weird but it is one of my
favorite things to do to look at pens in
North America like I just really think
the selection is a little bit different
they have like lots of different colored
ones like these ones look so nice
yes that's what I'm doing I'm really
enjoying myself thoroughly just a nice
casual look at the stationery I take
this very seriously and on the last
we're approaching the cards peanuts
which is a place that sells peanuts but
other assorted nuts and other nuts so
let's go around this roundabout
there it is the cards and I did not lie
there are peanuts everywhere most penis
deluxe makes all different types extra
fancy extra fancy Virginia Redskin fancy
look at them they're obviously extra
fancy this is a classic like Sweden oh
my gosh butter toasted pecan is it good
honey roasted almonds orange praline
pecans
they have everything if you are a
cheddar cheese popcorn lover you can buy
the cheese that is made of I genuinely
don't know what first ingredient corn
starch milk salt cheese solids oh my
gosh this is this is some crazy shoes
right here
maybe next time okay so I have to
whisper because I think everybody's
sleeping it's the middle of the day but
Aslan as you know isn't feeling well and
I think he's upstairs taking a nap but
anyway mom and I just went to get our
nails done she gave us a gift card to
get her nails done one person that isn't
sleeping though is Lois Duncan he is
wide awake anyway I decided to get this
shellac it's just like a really nice
natural neutral color so yeah that's it
that's my mom's arm that's not just like
a random person mom made some black in
her decker nope nope no I mean she made
some beef stew Oh oops
dang it anyway she painted some beeps do
and it looks really really good so let's
just uh that this is what it looks like
this stuff is the best winter crap makes
you warm a nice cannot wait ready
alright everyone this is Peter I think
you've actually been in a video before I
think so and I have known Peter since I
was 14 years old since grade 9 and he
used to live beside us and now he lives
over there and you can I tell you what I
was like as a teenager what are some
stories some stories of staying I
growing up consists of some funny good
old times you just brought up the point
that I used to wear a fat farm so you
swear it s they used to be gangster like
fat farms yeah she used to be thug yeah
like if you didn't yeah in the hood
cheering it and what else
every day every day we would feast on
food and then sit on the couch on the
couch dr. Phil yeah and take a nap
backing up this is basically like my
second brother hello and I can't think
of anything else embarrassing oh there's
a lot it's just you got to look in the
archives to find the best one basically
no that's not funny that hurt school bus
used to drop us off down the street and
we just have to walk home and like in a
Canadian winter there's lots of ice and
I remember getting off the bus and Peter
slipped on the ice and fell and we were
all everybody on the bus like he got off
with laughing at Peter and then like two
seconds later I'm walking and I flip
them yeah and we couldn't get up and the
cars were waiting for us
like so heavy for my guys and I was like
a ladybug but I sell good times now
we've got it actually I'm gonna go talk
to Grandma and Grandpa and then which
they don't ever like to be on the blog
but and then we're leaving
that's it all right everyone it's about
eight or nine eight thirty or something
anyway we just got to the airport
doesn't see I'm feeling a little bit
drained emotionally it's never a fun
thing and I'll just try not to get any
weight we're just heading to the gate
and I think just having a small little
airport snack a fruit cup some chai tea
I thought as with some more beef jerky
seems okay I also got a green banana and
some of this smart food popcorn which I
love so that is that unfortunately I
forgot my camera charger at my mom okay
I can find a different camera charger
pic on Amazon you're cutting me a
problem yeah you always forget something
fine it could be worse could be lowers
so
yeah I'm starting to feel really sleepy
now just like hate hate hate like I
actually didn't stop now eat my food
which actually tastes pretty good and
get on the plane soon okay so we're
still sitting here talking about our
2015 goals most of which is to get
ripped basically welcome Fitness temple
this is every year I'm gonna get ripped
in mm well I'm getting 2013 10 division
to look like penny you actually just
said that the army look like dad said
the hotter version thank you
the Asian auto browser
okay I said but I was like anyway I said
that I was like yeah in 2015 I am
cutting dairy from my diets now I know
that it's gonna be a bunch of blog about
this in the comments yeah but it's a
it's not it's not a controversy it's
it's a health choice but it's also I
think I'm allergic to it okay very
slightly and I actually just don't like
a taste a lot of dairy things and I
think it's messing with my skin many
many reasons why I'm doing it but I'm
gonna have like almond milk himself and
as ins like I can only support the
decision to a certain extent he's like
I'm gonna need milk for my coffee and
she's like oh yeah I mean I don't care
if you have credit theory
well I'm gonna talk about five things I
have those those are the only two
instances what I have there is no milk
in my coffee or tea and then cheese and
ice cream anyway I'm not I don't ever
cut anything good lately but what I'm
trying to say is I'm gonna take the
dairy levels down a notch because I'm
addicted to cheese and I drink a lot of
milk
no more anyway we're still waiting for
him I'm in a slightly better mood than I
was to what everybody else is reaching
up to boy you know what what happens
wouldn't like they announces initiatives
like disabled people and the babies and
then they visions for us everybody else
starts to line up that's what happened
to us over there it's a huge queue yeah
we wouldn't be a dad like you don't get
screwed up with the
I'm like your space was maybe never
imagined I look like I just woken up
after like we both look terrible
we really aren't looking our best
look at the menu as I go a lot of these
things that
like you know what we're gonna be eating
that
never-ever great
and a compact light so you have anything
like
Ziggler in the home
this video
I just want to say just before we go
thank you kind of thank you for loved
Christmas
thank you
Kelly
well I'm gonna go to sleep down
we're home
we've got ready just a little quick
video to show you his love for his moose
or his the first time we're gonna give
it to him but I know he's gonna love it
he's interested stinky so he loves it
just like I suspected I love you Reggie
my name's Marty what's your name Reggie
oh it's Reggie you love we've got some
cute little dogs here this is junebug
and this is Belvedere is that right yeah
oh my gosh just so wrinkly and oh my god
