all right day two in Canada and we
thought we'd start the day off right by
heading over to Timmy horns and getting
ourselves some delicious treats okay so
we are on the way and estates driving a
mango for the first time in a while I
know a little scared but you tell me
it's like riding a bike once you good
thing it a lot of people don't know
about me as I learned on a manual yeah I
mean so did I but I haven't but anyway I
would save hands don't worry we are on
our way what are you gonna get
double-double - honey crooners baby
scientist sandwich clcd here we are in
our favorite Tim Hortons driver sweeten
the physic busy - Sam what are you
complaining about that
this seat is like up like this I can't
okay all right things again pensive here
we go got the coffee's right here -
double doubles or a large regular and a
small black got the sandwiches hmm and
some no it's donuts in the back
I had a big thanks to Tim's for you know
doing as good and covering this - much
appreciated really cool to be able to go
through two more in the mammoth beyond
Tim Hortons yeah and that's nice and
like Canadian royalty yeah roll through
yeah you know I'm going to be doing this
tomorrow
everyday I say just told me something
she schooled me about Canadian education
I was like I insisted that we would go
through on the drive through and some
reason his name was a little hesitant
but I think another let's go for a drive
and as we were in the drive through he
explained that when you order this much
stuff for me first when you order that
much stuff it's rude to go through a
drive-thru you should really kind of go
into the store one coffee yeah well I
mean it's it would be the same thing
like in a restaurant like you know
sometimes people check it out have loads
of stuff sometimes they don't it's just
you know the way of like but honey
that's rude it's just it's a phone call
it's a Canadian football you know I'm
using the excuse that I'm a foreigner no
idea what's going to go and like an
England if you have a go through
McDonald's drive-thru which is wrapped
by to do okay all right so tomorrow we
will tell me do you agree I don't know
my mom just always told me like don't go
through the drive-thru if you're getting
a lot of stuff it's rude to the people
behind you but it'd be like in a
supermarket don't ever buy too much
stuff because you're making people wait
behind you that's different okay okay
we're not gonna scam
hello gang I am in Swiss Chalet which is
one of my favorite lunch hotspots and
I'm just gonna show you what this is
this is called a quarter chicken dinner
it is fries chicken quarter chicken and
a bun and this is the Swiss at the Swiss
Chalet secret sauce dipping sauce and
it's delicious
anyway you're always asking Essie show
us some of your friends well here we go
move over girls this is alia and this is
her first time is that your first time
in a blowing probably right
so Illya and I went to high school
together we were like 14 when we met you
have two soul mates yes we met actually
I think it was the first day of grade 9
yeah first day of grade 9 sitting by
ourselves yeah and then we became
besties so anyway we're gonna enjoy this
lunch now and that is it hopefully you
don't think of any embarrassing stories
to tell you know what I was like back in
the day no so - they just came back home
from the dentists we both got our teeth
cleaned yeah great job MIT feel clean
very nice and it's like probably about
50 pounds cheaper to clean them here
than anything so why don't and also the
person who was doing my cleaning my
teeth she wasn't a viewer of hours but
she watches a lot of youtubers only that
she's heard of us and now she's checking
out our Channel oh she's heard of us
apparently she hasn't a lot you know
just be nice but they're all very nice
in there and yeah it was a truly great
Canadian experience Hey but you got my
bag I couldn't be back because I'm a new
patient new patient goody bag and I was
one thing I was very impressed with is
this touchscreen a big big believer in
tongue scraping you see if I can focus
this on here I'm a big believer in
tongue scraping in this one I have like
brushes on the back so you can really
get that tongue clean as a hell so yeah
I'm very happy with that anyway just
taking that corner gives a live its
focusing yep okay so as them and I yeah
you get it
this is so hella my new friend tried
medicine ball Aslan and I I didn't say
this but we're grocery shopping with my
grandma we dropped her off and then you
bet you walk down the hall I just got
off work
I yeah it's still weird I didn't even
know that you I know this weird weird
moment for everybody I think like in
Canada I feel like I will never run into
viewers didn't like wearing my
small-timer and all that stuff but that
I do and it's a weird but did you go out
there
yeah well no I didn't I ignored him with
years ago right the men were here and I
didn't even know your
a little Canadian alright a little
update we've left them all and we've hit
up the dollar store with Grandma yeah
Dollarama dollar ever and now we're
heading home not much to report so we're
gonna wrap it up today's been a very fun
day we're just sitting in the kitchen
and I wasn't actually planning on
vlogging this evening but we've got a
person in the hizz-ouse who you've never
met
Wojtek everybody this is wojtek's now
I'm trying to convince Wojtek to create
a YouTube channel what do you think
about Eric and voytek is a chef he's a
professional chef you know sustaining
chef like an item like maybe I like to
call myself like I love cooking I like
to call myself a professional chef he
went to school for it yeah he has he
worked in a restaurant so you know he
knows his yeah exactly
and we're trying to convince him to
start a channel but he says he doesn't
know how to start
well bla bla so comment down below if
you think Roy tech should start a
channel I'm very Pro Wojtek channel
believe me he was talking about this
amazing like pork belly like Chris what
fried today dried pork belly that
sounded amazing so if he's pretty much
kept on YouTube I'll be on the bush
people as well people always say I want
to start a YouTube channel but I don't
know how it's like just freakin start it
and stop talking about it and make it
happen
no talking to boot it I'm turning
Canadian crab by the digital internet
pools exactly do it it'll be the best
decision you've ever made
so a little update Christmas Eve yep we
put all the presents under the tree this
morning exciting can't wait till
tomorrow morning guys and we're just out
and about running some errands you know
we're picking up a few things for Mary
hi grandma yeah she wanted something
very specific and I was more than happy
to oblige
if you guys are wondering it's a 47 inch
articulating TV mount and the only place
wouldn't get it is at kW surplus now if
you guys are ever in the Kitchener
Waterloo area I highly highly recommend
check out kW surplus is that story like
now this done way
hey it's it's a pretty funky fresh store
they have a lot of different things so
that's where we're headed whoo here we
are
ghetto surplus look at that amazing tank
of the front have you ever seen a store
have a tank in the front
lemon unless you watch my blog from last
summer
yelling one thing must have a stay that
she has pretty bad road raising she
suffers too maybe occasionally from the
road rage but but not in London and no
not in London but yeah I gotta - lets it
fly it's you're distressing I think
believe me the amount of you guessed a
stage taking a bathroom break and pasa I
don't know how to back there I think
something
smooth around ok well we're back in the
freaking ball ok and I ran into Mary
Katherine who actually works at the
information play I do
and did you device to work there stop it
I'm serious
Wow I worked there for like a year in a
bit yeah yeah we just like she's like
wow don't care anyway she just said that
she saw us walking around here yesterday
we're doing some shopping as you see we
got at Reggie a new pillow pet I believe
so yeah that's great yeah so that is
cool do you make youtube videos I don't
I said though maybe it'll be like
Conestoga mall - if I move to England -
does that I've got the information
that's you just become a youtuber it's
like
okay Stace turn around because we have
literally just seen the world's biggest
squirrel one bad mother-- parka yeah so
far so good someone look it was a Ennis
oh my god zoom I've got to put the
hazards on these all these cars behind
me oh it's gone it's gone
yeah let's and as we approach the
squirrels natural habitat the dumpster
oh yes beyond in the tree as a cameraman
will position itself for a leave the
squirrel has disappeared all right the
reason why we saw the squirrel is
because we're trying to find a Tim
Horton's US Open yeah I mean I mean I
mean Christmas Eve day about three
o'clock of we just tried to drive
through one it was closed completely so
I thought they were open like pretty
late to like six at least yeah I don't
know that's this one is also closed we
know yeah I mean we're not doing it
anyway so why not just go around the
town and find apartments yeah I don't
try some of that new premium dark roast
that I've been told so much about yeah
my brothers
so let's see fingers crossed oh she's
pulling another fast one here it looks
distinctly closed or is it open now I'm
you Tim Horton's closed he's gonna
approach and he's gonna see and it's
closings get so pissed
there you go disappointment bit a bit of
disappointment so we had absolutely
nothing to do in our hands essentially
well we better go home and see what
Graham's up to yeah okay all right Mary
we're coming over to you now it's time
to make the annual Christmas Eve
Christmas cookies and my grandma has
insisted that we tried this recipe out
Oh Gail ease and then this is her I
don't know she just said writes down
these random recipes you can see it's
very well loved I don't know what any of
these are but cook on the fry pan stove
may bull tarts 1 cup of sugar flour
margarine oh yeah Merry Christmas
everyone
as you can see I just got into the
shower cuz my hair is soaking wet and I
don't even know what's going on there
but I thought it would come on even
though I'm not necessarily vlogging
today although Aslan's thinking about
vlogging a grandma special that can go
either way there what am I saying I just
wanted to show you the cookies that we
made last night here they are they're
lights a little bit yellow but you get
the gist not the most festive oh yeah
snowman candy cane star Canadian flag so
we're gonna icing those now mom is over
here making the icing and I realized we
haven't actually shown you the Christmas
tree yet so here is the final Christmas
tree note I just realized we don't even
have a star here but my mom is starting
this new tradition where we make or get
each other an ornament that represents
someone in the fam so let's see this is
for our dog Louie who loves his bowl
this was actually for me from Eric's
girlfriend Julia yes ladies sorry he's
got a girlfriend
and Julia also made me this one which I
couldn't believe she actually like cut
out all these individual circles and
like kind of pieced them together I
don't know if you can see that with some
glitter so she's so crafty and this is
the one that has been made for my mom
this is a long inside joke but my mom
basically loves cheese
and I'm just gonna leave it at that and
what else this is the one I got for
Eric's girlfriend Julie because she's so
crafty and this is the one that my mom
got for Eric
well his nickname is Maury cuz he's all
into tools and stuff and the one that my
brother got Aslan is this one this is a
frying pan which is perfect for hashtag
the worktop so that is it are you
excited for Chris well is actually cut
it's 9:30 and we still haven't opened
the presents because that's just how we
roll yeah no no we're just having tea
exactly and I just wanted to show you
this now that I'm here I don't know if
I've shown this in a blog before but
this is a lamb tin baking mold and this
is what I've had every single year for
my birthday that I've been home it is a
lamb and my grandma makes Manila cake
with vanilla icing and then puts coconut
on it so it looks like fur and then
chocolate chips for the eyes and a
cherry for the nose
so anyway I'm gonna wrap up this vlog I
hope you have enjoyed it and I know I
haven't told the story of how I got
arrested all I can say is it's a very
long story and I can't go into the
details as of yet so I will look weird
but I'll go into detail in the next vlog
it's just it involves a gift for my
grandpa which she hasn't opened yet so
wrapping it up I will see you oh oh this
is what this is the whole point that I
what I was trying to make I'm doing a
meet-up here in Waterloo Ontario so I
haven't finalized the details yet but
it's gonna be this Saturday December
27th from 12:00 to 2:00 at Waterloo Park
exact location to be decided I'm going
to be tweeting it facebooking it I'll
put it on Instagram as well but just
stay tuned for the details this Saturday
be there or be square
right okay so I am really wrapping it up
now hope you're having a great Christmas
and I'll see you soon bye Merry
Christmas
we've made it to the field I said this
is like the Griswolds we're heading out
to the very dark abyss look at this
anyway so yeah we are going mom try not
to fall next
