good morning everyone day 1 in Canada
and I'm starting this off with a bang a
Tim Horton's bang and if you don't know
what Tim Hortons is basically it is kind
of like a Canadians know it's it's a
Canadian religion and it's basically a
place you go to share memories Donuts
coffee it's so beautiful and I just want
to say I feel like I have to say this
this is not sponsored anyway when I got
home David sent me something to my mom's
address and I'm I can't believe it
my brother doesn't want to be in the
vlog but have you seen this and guess
what oh my god Tim card
are you excited he's nodding his head
like this and actually last night when
we went like when we got home from the
airport not thinking straight when we
got off the plane in the first place we
stopped with Tim Hortons and I got a
bagel with cream cheese that's you do
that's what you do when you would feel
home yeah get a bagel I love to mourn so
anyway they gave us a Tim card which is
like a gift card and then all of this
stuff is well so when I was actually two
more I was like oh I really like that
loud I'm gonna have to get one of those
mugs so I said just a mug
they sent me these myths that say
double-double which i think is so cute
so basically if you don't know what that
means explain what a double-double is
your Canadian is a coffee with double
cream and double sugar that's right and
you say can I have like a medium
double-double and my opinion
double-double that's the best-tasting
tamela's coffee out there are you
getting one today
a portable oh my gosh and a hat and a
scarf and some coffee and some hot
chocolate I can't believe this I'm gonna
have to go show grandma you know she's
not gonna believe it she's gonna blow us
all very softly Trudy blown off by a
good one
we are in home depot and why because
we're getting a Christmas tree is this
thing on yeah we're getting a Christmas
tree stand and my mom's handing it over
plastique one hell yeah first of all
this is $30 and it's huge it's like for
like a property I'd like a huge tree
we're just getting like a small about my
size one six four are we and we all got
lights and now look at this big mr.
Potato Head and this tons of stuff here
it's just it's just amazing stuff what
am I saying
okay we're gonna I never will see in a
minute after a lot of contemplation but
we upgrade to the middle yeah we're old
that didn't last stand no plastic
what no I guess that means that you only
need one ok Iceland has this full-blown
Canadian yeah I got my huge s or else ya
got these last winter looks so good I'm
gonna be chopping down that tree that
tree that tree is history
exactly yes nice nice wrapping you
wanted yeah my brother is telling me to
try this is it possible for me to do
that
what keep going alright hold it down
that's right
unfortunately Canada does not have that
much snow but there is a little bit here
which is kind of nice and my mom has
everything all lit up which always looks
really nice I don't know I always like
when she does this it just smells very
Christmassy out here in Canada
family outing to get a Christmas tree
come on gang
this is my mom come on Eric get in he is
a keen beam today have you ever cut down
a tree right there no this is what you
do so yeah apparently you get a saw like
that and then in the barn wow this is
some Christmasy stuff as we were driving
here I was like okay we've made it to
the field I said this is like the
Griswolds we're heading out to the very
dark abyss look at this anyway so yep we
are going we'll try not to follow nice
and yeah we're just gonna go cut down a
tree apparently aslan has this cart
let's do this already we've made it but
these are pretty big so now we've got to
see which one is the chosen one watch
out for the stumps cuz you might trip on
them complementary apple cider after
this though yeah then we need extra
space of the present oh they're just you
know cool so we bought the flashlights
at on the phones if the phones die we're
screwed this is nice
can we agree
yeah it's nice and it has an attitude
should we get it so we're just trying to
figure out which tree to go for we we
saw pretty good one over there but we
decided to look further but now we can't
find anything so we're trying our best
try scary sting maybe they'll be a funny
funny prank okay I think we've gone for
this one right here it's got a good
height about five and a half foot and
thick coverage all over so I think we
shall be going for this one yes now
let's cut this baby down
hey maybe you should both get on the
side like a lumberjack you're doing the
rocking technique come on baby strong Oh
Eric okay we're in the tree place now
wait that lots of items on offer
snowshoes if you've never seen some
snowshoes wow this place has a tall snow
globes Christmas characters what do you
think of merchandise very complimentary
apple cider yeah I'm just going this
cider Thanks you can give me cuz I don't
feel good and she said I'll give you
I'll give you a cold shoulder an apple
cider mom is trying to get us crunk
today
think you guys gotta try this
Goldschlager an apple cider right now
we're having some apple cider hot apple
cider yeah I don't drink those either do
i STI rarely drank apparently it cures
anything you said it cures anything yeah
it cures well no like a sore throat yeah
you know Erik just generally not feeling
well you know winter season yeah this is
our first real treat yeah
get freaky
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
okay now it gets the Nutting wrapped
around it so my mom has sent us on the
hunt for a particular kind of alcohol
for one of her friends that were
