good morning everyone happy jingle week
I think this is number nine already we
have about two hours before we're
supposed to head to the airport and go
pack and this is the look I'm rolling
with I'm going minimal today so yeah two
hours to go and I'm feeling very relaxed
about this whole thing I've already
packed up all my clothes I've packed up
my makeup I feel like I'm traveling
really light this time round especially
clothing wise I'm keeping it casual big
sweaters leggings like I'm not really
trying to dress to impress that's for
sure I'm really excited to go home
because this is going to be like a
full-blown relaxation holiday get my
batteries recharged and it's a great way
to start the new year I think I love
going home for Christmas so yeah lots of
watching movies lots of chilling out and
eating and just hanging out with my
family I'm so excited to go home so
alright I don't really know what to do
as one's all in a tizzy because he
hasn't actually wrapped any Christmas
gifts he hasn't started packing and I'm
just over here like chillin I made
myself a cup of tea I've cleaned out the
fridge
okay burning my fingers burning my
fingers that's karma that's karma it's a
really sunny day out as well you can
probably tell but yeah so that's what
we're doing right now I guess I can show
you what I've packed so far so this is
the makeup that I'm bringing this is
everything I probably won't wear half of
this but I just thought fits in here
this is the limited edition Charlotte
Tilbury makeup bag I love the original
and I really like this one too I'm also
bringing this book I haven't started it
yet it's Amy Poehler's book called yes
please and I've been wanting to read
this for ever ever since I first heard
about I was like yeah I need to read
that so that's going to be my reading
material I don't know if I'm going to
bring my camera this is my blogging
camera as anyone's wondering I think
it's called the olympus om-d I don't
know if I'm going to bring this I don't
really know if I'm going to be blogging
there and then that's just the charger
and then I have my SD button bag which
I'm going to fill with my skincare so
I'm going to do that in a second
my poor tulips are dying so I have to
throw these away before we go because
otherwise we're going to get home and
they're going to be completely rotten
I'm just gonna
you getting this stuff organized and try
to put some stuff away so that when I
get home it's not a total disaster
and once I'm allowed back in the bedroom
cuz as one's frantically rapping I will
show you my suitcase if you care I
wanted to show you this sweater that I'm
wearing to the airport because I just
got it it's from H&M and it has a
Canadian goose on it and well I think
it's a Canadian goose yeah I'm pretty
sure it is and if you don't know that
that is my nickname for us when I call
them goose so when I thought I was like
oh we're gonna rip the goose I don't
know I just thought it was kind of cute
kind of sickly cute
and what else meant wearing socks from
sweaty Betty Lululemon pants and a tank
top from Topshop makeup-wise you can see
what I'm wearing nothing on my skin
that's just au naturale and mascara and
I did my eyebrows and lip balm so well
I'm so gangster what are you doing I
left a little bit late this year not
gonna let it yeah like what are you even
doing you're running right you're
sweating your upper lip is sweating hey
um I need the make a difference let's
please the origins oh is that your
favorite moisturizer
today's my favorite day moisturizer in
and I'm trying to pack it it's my thing
it's in the bathroom in the box I just
bought you a new one okay thank you
thank you all right there we go all of
my skincare is packed away in this and
then this is my makeup and then this lip
balm I'm going to keep out for my
handbag so that is good but here is a
look inside my luggage I don't know what
this mark is I must have spilled like
ink or something on that so annoying
anyway this entire side is closed
there's really nothing to show you here
I'm not like a very organized Packer but
I've just got sweaters getting here and
stuff this is just gifts gifts tights
sweaters crap like that okay there's one
put on this side this is strictly for
Christmas gifts so my mom like properly
loves Thorntons this is no joke she's
addicted so I got her pretty much
everything that they have these eclairs
are for my friend Nick and then just
like tons of stuff so mom you better
appreciate this I had to carry this all
the way home from
Oxford Circus but it was so heavy anyway
do anything for your mom just got to the
airport and we've got all of our bags
Aslan was really chatting to the driver
on the way over here I was like you were
Jenny he was heavy
he fell that was really pissing around
because he's just like shut up I'm so
hungry I'm so grumpy I wanted to be
quiet just to calm down alone
well that's the thing right because we
haven't had any food today I had a cup
of tea that's it and it's like two after
three o'clock 3:30 I don't I can't live
like this
so everybody think I was really nice and
also our cab got upgraded yeah to the
like the exact yeah so it's like a
Mercedes or something same price like a
normal cap so it's kinda cool
and it we're just gonna drop off our
bags and hopefully find food because you
can probably see my eyes I mean crazy
eyes I need food how are you so angry
maybe seriously haha
we finally made it to wagamama favourite
oh yeah and just tell them what you told
the waiters who is like feeding us a
superstar like no big fans of I mean to
this way along as well oh yeah we have
every reason I remember that this house
over here Venus they had a huge fight
and people always comment like you and
Aslan never fight you never fight yes we
do we do and the last time we had a big
blowout at this way come on Lizzy I
don't know what we were fighting about
who I think was anything yeah we were on
our way to India and tension levels were
high apparently anyway so we're going to
order and afterwards I'm going to tell
you how I almost got arrested at
security times
alright guys there is my lunch already
strict diet these are these uh pickles
are no think about what do you think
this is a gherkin or something what is
this this looks like aubergine was you
know is that this is like elephant skin
or something thank you for the lemonade
I think it's turnip Alex Payne okay hey
my meal just got here it is the beef
donburi so underneath here it's rice and
beef and then we got this salad that
we've been splitting this video so
edamame this is kimchi but I don't
actually like it so you can have it I
don't think it's like a theory to me I
know I'll try it again and see if I like
it so we're coming to the end of our
little feast there and what's this a big
green juice green juice this is a
screaming avocado lime Wow
actually pretty good liquidy huge mishap
I said that I told you that before
Thank You forward need is a very cute
posting on too much line chicken one do
yet funny huh take off the Hat yeah
bring to texturize
dumi free time
yeah we seriously you don't need any
more chocolate that is freaking burger
so my mom has sent us on the hunt for a
particular kind of alcohol for one of
her friends at work who apparently you
can only get this in duty-free in
England it's called monkey shoulder so
that is what we're trying to do find
this monkey shoulder as something's
gonna be oh oh my gosh a guy who worked
here just stopped us and I thought we
were going to get trouble from filming
but he was actually just telling us
where the monkey shoulder was so
apparently there is monkey shoulder
around here and he says that the world
of whisky it's in the world infectious
so let's do this mission accomplished
monkey shoulders a blend Scotch whisky
all right there it is we have made it
onto the plane my lips are so dry
anyways we've made it onto the plane now
we have a seventh customer let me know
cronut mr. Foster
hello gang been a while well for us as
well the last time we blow we were on
the plane saying we're on our way to
Canada yeah so let's just fill you in on
what happened by the way we both just go
to the shower by hit like hair's wet and
everything but yeah it was a long
journey was very long journey the flight
that was fine we watched loads of true
detective yeah we love our show no it's
your detective before but we are
completely hooked so if you're watching
true detective comment down below
because we're obsessed
wait so good they had eight episodes on
the plane come on same system we watched
five saving the last three for the way
back yes oh no spoilers please we're big
fan yeah it's really good anyway and
then there was like quite a bit of
turbulence on the plane and Aslan hates
flying so he was a little bit scared
yeah well actually there was no
Estella's it was kind of weird because
the captain actually had to go and then
to come and say just to reassure you
guys everything's okay but the turbines
getting so much we can't actually have
any of the personnel walking around on
the plane yes everybody people that all
the air stewardesses and the s2 it's had
to be like kind of strapped in yeah and
he said that was gonna be like really
bad for now but it wasn't so funny yeah
okay anyway and then we actually got to
the airport it was the busiest I've ever
seen an airport yeah it was in my life
you could tell it was the Christmas rush
and we had we wait like a really long
like 50 minutes in the line yeah it was
like an hour in a bit yeah are now in
the line to get through the possible
control then to get the luggage and
that's by the time we actually got back
home to get like to my mom's house it
was about midnight which was 5:00 a.m.
UK time and we hadn't slept so we were
pretty much awake for 24 hours yeah
coming up to 20 night 24 hours right
you're ours yeah whoo yeah as you can
see from my red eye look at how red they
are does that do it justice to how red
they are no now I'm all right in real
life they hurt they're so dry
I doesn't drop somewhere whoo all right
so anyway I'm gonna wrap up this vlog
for now but we're gonna continue and we
will see you in a day or two so hope you
have a good one why don't you find them
it's so much worse in the wintertime
like that you feel like you're literally
sauce like you can go at three go on
yeah what a run like like off their
lunch I feel like I need like a tea or
coffee or something you know
get me a talking about coffee
