good morning everyone ladies another
episode of jingle week I was like half
singing up talking there I am sitting
here having a banana anyway I'm actually
just talking to Benji yes benjimantv
you guys know I watch Benji and Judy's
vlogs religiously well they're doing
like a livestream show thing for dance
mber you know what that is if you watch
their blogs but it's basically they're
raising money for charity and they
usually get like other youtubers to
co-host because they do a 24 hour
broadcast so they need like people to
come in and I really wanted to do it and
I really wanted to do it but it's really
confusing with time differences so we
agreed for like four to five and then
Benji was like wait you do mean 45 on
Saturday right I was like no I thought I
meant four to five on Friday then like
and now we're all confused and we're
basically just like trying to find a
time where it works for both of us just
because I'm not gonna be at home pretty
much for all of Saturday so I don't know
I'm really sad I really want to do this
so we're gonna see if we can work
something out but anyway I'm just eating
my banana and I'm heading off to the gym
momentarily this is the last workout
before I binge eat everything in Canada
which I'm very excited about so yeah
that should be good time so anyway I'm
gonna finish my banana and go to the gym
back from the gym looking extra sweaty
love it and as was being very kind and
making me some eggs to eat because he is
very passionate about me eating after I
workout see it sometimes it let's just
be real I'm lazy and I just like I'll go
straight into the shower and like not
evening things which is bad like I you
know I should really practice what I
preach but sometimes I'm lazy it's very
important and it's been walking around
not doing much Benny's gonna help me
which is really nice anyway I was just
looking through the tweets you know as I
do and I came across this video which is
blowing my mind okay so this is the vid
I see button challenge hello fire girls
like me basically I tweeted this which I
didn't even remember tweeting that but
apparently I did tweet that said I just
really need someone to design and out
but that is chic and cool to wear in
public but also as comfortable as a
Snuggie and she basically created
something that was Snuggie and
fashionable which I cannot get over that
is so freakin cool I feel like I don't
say this a lot but I say it a lot in my
head and I say it a lot in real life but
like guys this is the kind of shiz that
I live for I can't get over it when you
do stuff like this it's like oh my god
it blows my mind that's the only way to
put it just completely blows my mind so
that is some seriously cool shoes right
there thank you very much
yeah baby eggs on toast eggs on toast
everybody loves eggs on toast
okay just laid out all the products for
my tutorial video yeah I've got the
microphone here my camera here and my
beautiful red tulips over there they
just make me so happy even though that
one's clearly dying just letting you
know that I had a little incident here I
have spills powder all over my leggings
yay
jingle jingle okay I've done my tutorial
there you go sneak preview as I'm
singing - Reggie downstairs anyway I
just finished my tutorial who do you
think I look like mm-hmm
whose makeup look is this gonna break
another brain brain brain brain brain
kill me just gonna hate hey you ain't
even guy add little teaser for you
anyway I'm gonna film the close-ups for
all the products that I used and
potentially film another video I'm
thinking of filming my 2014 favorites
today uh stressing me out trying to
choose it's like Sophie's Choice I was
like Arnold Schwarzenegger trying to
choose product so many 2014 products
I'm just taking a Reggie out before I
film my 2014 faves he's enjoying himself
he was so excited to go for a walk but
now he's tired come on buddy
Reggie's running okay so I just finished
filming my 2014 favorites and I cannot
believe that I left out a particular
item I left out plum phul lipstick what
the hell's wrong name so I'm just gonna
have to put an annotation I don't know
how I forgot that anyway I'm really
tired and I feel like I just need to
refuel my body you know what I'm saying
that right right now I'm just
readjusting my brassiere if anyone minds
yeah and so I'm in this suit it's this
hearty lentil soup it's bye-bye on up by
onna the same brand that I am had the
coconut oil from that's what it looked
like it's filled with other rubbish
because I made a sling get this out of
the recycling it was dripping on me and
the things I do for the vlog I wanted to
show you guys the package um but it's so
good here it is right there in the soup
bowl there's no way I'm gonna be able to
eat all of that but it's really good
have you tried this yeah it's actually
really good for a can suit yeah what's
in it is it like good for you in
celeriac there the ingredients so water
lentils tomato paste carrots leeks
what is celeriac it's kind of like a
vegetable right they look like don't
like a very specific taste yeah and when
it's fresh it's like a very kind of very
strongest okay and I've made myself a
little cup of tea will afternoon
pick-me-up you know understand and I've
got some Stalin here it's stolen stolen
you know that I think it's German it's a
good like fruitcake very delicious and
missus Heston blew that up dated one of
Barney's Earl Grey infused very fancy
never you never have salon that's
another thing I was gonna say don't you
feel like okay I normally get tired at
around 3 o'clock like any way any time
Dave never the has to do with like my
blood Sugar's gram
whatever but don't you find that it's so
much worse in the winter times like
don't you feel like you're literally
exhaust like you can pull right through
go on yeah well I run like like off
their lunch I feel like I need like a
tea or coffee or something you know
gaming you talking about coffee I made a
little video on my channel you should
that hump oh that's the worktop about
coffee go check it out it's a short
little video maybe you'll enjoy it
it's amazing video oh thank you it's
like a film it's so good check it out
nice I'll link it down below long time
no see not really but I it's been like
an hour a bit because we walked Reggie
and then I remembered that I needed to
go to the post office I wanted to mail
off some of the giveaway prizes that
I've done and I wanted to mail it off
before Christmas time because otherwise
then it would be like a week and a half
so I got back so yeah it's just like I
wanted to get it done but the queue in
the post office was so long there must
have been like I don't know like 20
people in front of me so I think it took
in total 35 minutes standing in the post
office which was not very fun but anyway
now we're off to see Aslan's mom and his
sister because we're gonna have like a
little Christmas get-together before we
go off to Canada on Sunday so that
should be good we're gonna have a little
gift exchange and hopefully some food is
gonna be involved I hope his cross
fingers crossed
and by the way I changed my lipstick
this is now plum fold by Mac because
after I was talking about I was like I
really want to wear that so yeah
plum full fine Mac one of my faves can't
believe I didn't put that in my 2014
favorites video you believe that I
totally forgot oh my god comedy be
cheating on the plum what are you
cheating
Revlon honey honey clear an orange in
there
so we just left Aslan's moms and now
we're actually driving a cell right back
there Azlan sister so she's late for a
little date with her friend no surprise
it's not a date it's just a friendship
meeting bone tease or tonic okay anyway
the whole point is I know no girls
anyway a cell has this lip balm it's a
freakin cheeseburger lip balm the cutest
thing you've ever seen this is my new
lips I absolutely love it and then you
open up the bottom like this and then
there's the lip balm but it's overpriced
but apparently they were fight over
fries too overpriced her friend got it
for her in some random here you go
some random airport and I want one so if
anyone knows where you can get that it's
like one of those things where you just
see it and you're like I want that I
want that so bad okay so we're driving
past Big Ben and all these people here
are rollerskating not just these two
though wait for it wait for it there we
go
and they're off oh my god and the cars
are zooming past these taxi almost like
red like 30 people oh my gosh that is
crazy what are they doing that is insane
oh my gosh look how many people there
are and there were more before oh my
gosh that can't be safe
especially in this big roundabout Wow
flashing up yeah like I'm room
or Christmas tree yeah hmm anyway look
at how beautiful that is tonight
ding-dong ding-dong oh my god just look
at these people and this is only like
like a third of them but I've never seen
anything like this oh my gosh the bridge
hello everybody
coming at you on a Saturday evening and
we're both a little bit nervous are we
yes we are we're both a little bit like
nobody you know wait before we say that
baby's bad news unfortunately you guys
look over here Reggie no here Reggie no
here just whilst we are away and Canada
obviously Reggie can't fend for himself
just in the house we've got him being
looked after in a wonderful English
countryside retreat it is a dog a
full-blown dog retreat first time
staying there
I think we're gonna have a difficult
time to convince to actually come back
home yeah he was like running through
the forest running through the field a
friggin love that so he became Regis
again yeah it's true beautiful so yeah
so yeah so of course well I both my
friggin eyes that I don't she's my just
like we left we like the place as I'm
saying it's okay buddy I was seeing with
like eight days and I just like bolted
up I was gonna cry and I thought that
the people running the dog place we're
gonna because of frickin no problem I'm
sure they have really bad like some
people like breakdown and I cried in the
car for about twenty minutes a little
embarrassing I just love that boy yeah
so that has this little bit empty
without him but don't worry it'll only
be for a short amount of time and we
can't think about that too much because
we have a appearance tonight I've been
hired out tonight and so has he button
for a puzzle is very
yeah yeah so tell them about this okay
so I kind of said it this morning yeah
let's put it on the our new set up all
right these two cardboard boxes we got
here
basically you guys know that I I was
talking to Benjy earlier and oh no
batteries good time okay okay basically
yeah we're doing dance ember on Benjen
Judy's channel it's Judy's life my
favorite vloggers I love them so much
another little family I just watched
their blogs like a little creep where
every single day and so they're doing
this 24 hour broadcast to raise money
it's a marathon they go got it for 24
hours straight yeah Stanley yeah so we
are gonna be on in half an hour and yeah
we are already practicing our dance
moves you know you want to see a little
preview no no no okay let's charge this
thing we should figure out a routine you
know look who I am google hangout in
with right now
benji and judy alright I've got a good
one I've got a good one so I'll say for
I think all right babe take a waik snake
steak think oh my one yeah all right
guys just got finished with the live
stream with benji and judy and all the
other people who were there it was so
much fun I was really nervous because I
didn't know what to expect but we did
like the little rhyming game and we did
some dancing and it was so fun so I'm
really glad I could take part and I
donated as well I think you can still
donate if you want to and I'll leave the
link down below if you're into that sort
of thing so now it is about 9 o'clock at
night and really
for Canada tomorrow around lunchtime so
I should probably you know finish
wrapping my Christmas presents and
packing and doing all that kind of stuff
but first I want to take a bath so I'm
gonna wrap up this blog but I think I'm
gonna vlog tomorrow too so the next time
you see me I will be on route to Canada
so anyway it just had a you know it was
a good end to the day which was
initially kind of sad when I left Reggie
so anyway I want to talk about that
because I'm so emotional but all right
I'm wrapping it up and I will see you
soon bye especially if he doesn't get
off of it
don't do that don't rip the plastic come
on buddy don't rip the plastic it is
good though that this bed has like this
plastic sheeting over it in case you
went to bed in case you went to bed
