happy jingle week everyone I am back it
is 11 o'clock in the morning I wasn't
even going to vlog today and then I was
like why not you know what I'm saying
so I'm not actually doing too much today
that's my say everything so here's the
sitch this morning we took Reggie to the
vet he had a checkup
everything's all good in his hood what
else have we done made breakfast had a
cup of tea and Aslan is over here
wrapping prezi's yeah exciting time so
that's a pretty big box so I am leaving
in exactly 10 minutes because I have an
appointment with my osteopath which is
kind of like a chiropractor I just
wanted to go get everything you know
clicked cracked and just before I go to
Canada but don't worry I have something
planned this afternoon which I don't
know if you're gonna like it but I'm
definitely gonna like it so stay tuned
Reggie has completely taken over my
blanket I gave it to him and now I have
this one for myself but yeah he just
loves sleeping on blankets and duvets
like we have as you know like real beds
for him and he just you know you know
it's nothing's as good as a blanket for
him and it's the same with toys like
he's got all these toys like all around
like all around there and there but he
would just rather have like a piece of
cardboard
he's a simple little man I'm sorry but
what is that these you only see on TV
and then you actually have one it's not
an Amazon purchase something you can see
this is actually very practical during
the Christmas period you need all the
gifts right on this thing right here
putting back your hand and they're just
like little pieces okay let me see
actually it is quite handy isn't it yeah
on the back your hands when you're
wrapping presents there's right there's
just no ridges like oh my god that's so
cool
this is not sponsored by the way it is
such a nice day out Reggie doesn't even
need his coat for the first time in ages
feels like a spring day on you doesn't
it red you just kind of take him for a
quick wander so I washed
Reggie's bed last night so now I've got
to try to put this thing back in it
this is tricky especially if he doesn't
get off of it do that don't rip the
plastic come on buddy don't rip the
plastic it is good though that this bed
has like this plastic sheeting over it
in case you wet the bed in case you wet
the bed we can still use it okay
everybody you're gonna have to get off
that so I can put this together
I'm just gonna have a little bit of soup
for lunch this is Yorkshire Provan day
no provender I have no idea but it's
their root vegetable soup with pearl
barley and I just want something ooh and
I just want something kind of quick so
we're gonna see how this tastes
there it is cooking away mmm
ooh soup so I just added some salt and
pepper to that and I think it's gonna be
pretty good sometimes you just feel like
some soup you know what I'm saying I
thought I would take a few minutes to
make the cookies that Ingrid aka
missglamorazzi made on her blog channel
so she made these like almond chocolate
chip cookies and I have all the
ingredients here however I couldn't find
almond flour anywhere I feel like it's
one of those things that's readily
available in North America but in
England just like isn't the thing or I'd
probably have to get it at like holes we
do something but I did find this sweet
and fragrant almond grounds it's
basically just ground up pollen so I
don't know if the flour is different
who's gonna use this so this is what you
need two cups of almond flour or crushed
almonds Licata new thing we'll see if
that works a quarter teaspoon of salt
1/4 teaspoon of baking soda 6
tablespoons of melted coconut oil 1/4
cup of honey half a teaspoon of almond
extract and 2 tablespoons of water and
I'm also adding half a cup of shredded
coconut and half a cup of chocolate
chips basically mix the wet ingredients
in with the dry stir it up that's how
you do it it's very easy so yeah I'm
just gonna do this
can you like I'm also watching Chelsea
who has like 40 video up you know I'm
very
okay so here's the sitch we've got the
batter here which looks so good and
there's no egg in this so I'm very
tempted to eat all of that right now
like get in my belly but I have this
over here and I thought I would tried to
put I thought I would try I thought I
would try to loo light use a cookie
cutter because I'm pretty sure Ingrid's
didn't like really move when they baked
so let's see yeah that's cute
I'm not doing this too precisely this is
just this is just for myself
there we go we can use that in the next
one boom now I'm gonna take this giant
spatula is that too thick I'm wondering
if maybe that's a bit too thick I think
it's a bit too thick okay just gonna
mine are looking a little more on the
wet side of things because I added I
think some extra water more than I
should have maybe some extra coconut oil
but whatever that's fine okay so let's
try that again but it's a little more
flattened out okay so I'm gonna do the
rest of these I'll be back okay here are
the finished cookies I think they look
so good I like this shape a lot I really
really enjoy that I think I'm going to
enjoy eating that shape cookie I don't
know if shapes make something taste
different but in my head they do like I
prefer the taste of grated cheese over
sliced cheese welcome to my mind so
anyway these are gonna bake for like ten
minutes and I'm excited to try them I
think they're gonna be really good if
they're good I'm gonna give some of
these away for Christmas presents I'm
gonna bake some and put them in a nice
tin that's it but I'm like Reggie's not
a good idea he's like sleeping over
there he can't answer anyway cuz he's a
dog okay
if you're wondering what kind of coconut
oil I use which you're probably not but
I use this one by Anna Fiona it's their
coconut virgin oil it is the best we
love it so much we've used a lot of it
you can't actually you know what I don't
know if this thing's focused but you can
kind of see we've used a lot out of this
tub coconut oil it's great infuse that
into your lifestyle
well it's great so here are the finished
cookies and I think they look so good
I've had a few bites of this one and
it's really tasty we all knew there was
going to be a fail moment basically when
I had my oven mitts on to take the tray
out I accidentally just grab the sheet
of the baking paper so then I lost three
cookies
that's right Reggie I lost three so
you're wondering where dress went they
fell on the floor
so anyway I'm really pleased with the
way those turned out I think Aslan is
really gonna like them so if you like
coconut mmm
which I love coconut that is really good
she made me cookies
I didn't make you cookies I made us
cookies tell me the truth what do you
think this is Ingrid's recipe for no fun
no I think it's actually pretty good
yeah I'm really impressed with them no
seriously oh good I know because they're
not super sweet but they still are sweet
right is like yeah take one if you're
giving them weird no yep nobody no but
yeah they are really humid also let me
stop that come to our for dinner I was
actually gonna make a nice little salad
but this is better but tell the story
when I was in Kampala picking it up for
home delivery for yours truly
which I did not request by the way yeah
I meant two lovely viewers get their
names now typical me yeah it was a girl
and boy I think they were together that
kind of way and they're really really
nice and they mentioned conversation
that they like come to our because they
had a same talk about it and the manager
of the place overheard and on my way out
the manager stopped many I was like oh
did you tweet about that I was like oh
not McMaster but I think my girlfriend
did yeah cuz I love comfort wine and
he's like oh and those people came here
because of you I was like well I don't
know maybe that's what I said
and he gave me a free little like
baklava basket let's see oh my gosh is
this what he gave you
that is so nice oh my gosh so nice
thanks come tomorrow
wow oh my gosh did you give us some real
thoughts - oh no the plastic I was like
whoa I was like oh my gosh did he give
us real metal forks - Reggie okay we're
going to wash this man one thing we have
discovers that educates them when I do
any sort of like Russian type of G
mouths like that please also guys we're
really running low on paper towels like
we are just gonna run out any day now
well you thought where we were running
out little did you know I have a
stockpile paper top like where did you
even find that what's so funny
guys I'm forcing Aslan to do an outfit
of the evening he's leaving but I am
staying at home yes and I'll do it first
okay here we go
oh nice hoodie purple oh yeah look at
these this is the new screw skinny this
is the flared extra wide leg under these
flippers I'm just wearing all of us ones
pajamas basically but anyway I'm in stay
home and do some work stuff you were
going out and you pretty ravishing so
talk us through your look so from the
top baby from the top we've got a beanie
you happy maybe a little beanie where is
that from
this is wouldwould beanie okay then we
have scar DeNiro racism running game
scoff I have this coat then they got a
costly kind of this coat
yeah jumpin get a cause jumper cause
trousers yeah and some classic clothes
deserts Clark's desert boots looking
fierce thank you do smize and I need
you're free to go oh I'm just chillin if
you can't tell by this okay I got this
camera and I didn't know this until
recently but it flips the screen there's
a screen up here and it flips you can
see yourself and I can't stop looking at
myself not in like an oh I'm so hot way
you know what I put myself on the
internet in this purple hoodie like this
like oh my god anyway you guys don't
care you guys are on my side you guys
are with me you guys are probably at
home in your pajamas and purple hoodies
too if you are give this a like or at
least comment me like yeah see I'm in my
pajamas too anyway I'm gonna wrap up
this vlog not much has happened today
but many things have um yeah I was very
productive today in case you're
wondering so I've got a few more videos
to film before I go back to Canada
because I want to make sure that there's
videos up for you guys to see and yeah
it's gonna be good times I'm trying to
plan my 2014 beauty favorites which is
like it's tough tough but I think I
haven't finally narrowed down so so
tomorrow I'm gonna go Christmas shopping
it get you know like the last few items
I also have a Pilates class tomorrow
morning at 9:00 it should be good I
don't know I'm telling you this cuz I'm
probably gonna blog tomorrow but I'm
just telling you anyway so there we go
alright I am wrapping up this video I
hope you're enjoying jingle week that's
all I'm gonna say I'm gonna get a cup of
tea jingle week jingle whee I am an
opera singer at heart I could probably
sell out stadiums no I'm totally joking
I'm really at singing anyway I am
really wrapping it up man I am hot I am
hot you could say that my new name is
hottie button goodbye for now
hope you're having a good night I'll see
you soon I'm just like doing weird stuff
with my hands okay bye
is apple and ginger hot apple cider and
ginger
look at that it is very hot isn't it you
can tell gold my throat oh no you kill
you see give it yeah it's too hot
