we go home we are at the market this
fine morning yes actually the afternoon
is a little bit later than we normally
come it's like 1 o'clock in the
afternoon huh
but we decided to come to our favorite
little market and it's Christmas time so
there's lots of festive stuff very a
very festive buzz in the market well
yeah there's a there's a kind of a
creepy of a Santa over there you know
what don't worry kids Santa isn't people
sir Reggie's down here chillin here
booty is like really badass so anyway we
ordered a bucket but they've bought a
series back yeah let me show you guys so
here's a bucket place and they're very
very busy this morning I think everybody
here all's you go way back they're
serving like number 36 and we're number
54 so it's gonna take a while I've got
the rest of the market I might get some
coffee or something you know let's do
some browsing show a baby Georgie yeah
wouldn't know some cheese you know
moving bread a milk what's this that's
just a ticket right you can't eat that
that's otherwise we don't get any
buckets hot is apple and ginger hot
apple cider and ginger look at that it
is very hot isn't it you can tell am I
gonna Gold my throat here you'll see
give it oh I don't do you do yeah it's
too hot I feel like it's too hot
so hot give it a couple seconds to
millwall Reggie the pest that he is he
peed on this sign here you see was the
softest ever alpaca he said to pee on
that you can only disagree that it is
the softest of alpaca
yeah that's Mongo over there very nice
little guy this stuff is actually pretty
good pretty good it's really good yeah
if you're sick or something that'd be so
good to have like I love ginger in
general anyway Aslan's took a sip and
become like a full-blown sailor warms
the cockles of my heart you guys should
get another one just sipping it it's
very gingery salva I don't want to like
you then there's me being like I could
have that in one gulp anyway we've got
10 more buckets to go 25 minutes
they're busy today yeah I'm really glad
that gang so popular because they're
readers of it it's like a very unique
Bulls fans ever
oh yeah and today I don't know how long
they've been doing this focus we haven't
been in the last couple of weeks but by
next door selling these we should the
actual spicy zero sauce that they use on
the bakit and the spice sauce is really
good and this is the I found out the
spice sauce is made by one of the mums
of the guys there one of the guys his
mom actually makes this that's why I
stay said this is so good it's all
explains it's their mom's secret recipe
and you can tell this is kind of like
really fresh and it's level 3 they have
five levels and we got the lair Delhi
said there your land a level 3 spicy
sauce wait I thought I would do an
outfit of the day
though I you know I'm going it's sporty
casual chic for the casual chic style I
wish I could do like a full like video
on my favorite sporty clothes sporty
casual chic so much okay so wearing my
mitts they're from a sauce but they're
actually by monkey it'll close up look
at look at textually I don't this coat
is from cause I love it it's not like
these panels and stuff very cool no -
ruh-oh don't flash me scarf is from and
other stories this jumper is from
Lululemon I got it the other day and
these are also from Lululemon they're my
new leggings which are filthy and then
my Nike roche rums which I love so much
most comfortable Nikes that I own oho
guys what's the best accessory ever
Reggie dog regimen oops so hungry ate
the buckets at about two minutes ago
really forgot to mention though they
were pretty good the 45-minute wait
worth it it was worth it yeah we were
just
like that sorry they're getting so
popular I really hope that they like
explode and they have like African
national chain of pockets got some eggs
favorite is interested yeah
don't really have too many plans for
today I don't know what we're going to
do I think we know what alright nothing
there doo doo de doo de doo doo doo -
the - did you did it L didn't L did Oh
did L do the dip tempted ooh dear dear -
dear today that's this is really not the
tune but dinner do know so here is
meghanrosette one of my all-time
favorite youtubers and she is looking
her finest right now basically if you're
wondering what's going on here she just
got a nose job so she's in the recovery
position right now anyway in this vlog
she picked my nose and that oh no come
back come back now I'm going to pick her
nose just like this how do you like it
Megan tell me that how do you like this
I'm picking it right now oh god maybe I
won't maybe I shouldn't I absolutely
love Megan she is so funny and all the
power to you girls as well and I are
having a little reading session well I
don't know is that what you're doing
actually azan says he's drawing I am
just watching a few YouTube videos and
I'm gonna be reading my magazines
because I've had so many magazines
piling up and just like six months old
like Elle magazines and stuff so I want
to like read them and maybe it'll give
me some inspiration so that is what I am
doing
nothing too exhilarating people I'm just
loved okay the color has gone weird the
colors gone weird I am blue I'm loving
this hat so much every time I like post
a picture of myself I just put an
Instagram up that's why I'm saying that
and people are like oh I love your hat
where's it from it's from ASOS and it
was like eight pounds I also just
uploaded this video my winter wardrobe
staple so if you might favorite things
for winter time so I will link that
video down below if you want to watch it
it's really short it's like three
minutes long but hopefully you like it
it's Monday morning and I am heading to
the gym I'm a little sleepy so let's
just get out there
excuse me that is not your peanut butter
excuse me
back up please sir back up please thank
you okay
I have left my home and I'm feeling very
sleepy but I am trying to distract with
the dark lipstick so I'm actually here
with Amelia
news reads you want to be in my blog
we're here for the Charlotte Tilbury
event we're very excited but sleepy so
we're gonna go in now we have made it
into the room and it is a very fancy and
I am just like I don't know what to look
at here and I've already spotted the
limited-edition makeup bag that we all
adore just just look at this everybody
oh my gosh things are getting festive
many lipstick symmetries that if this
you know the scrub is basically
something that we would want to do as a
makeup artist package I was literally
looking at everyone philosophy used to
be okay I've got to bring out what's
your favorite look familiar
tell me now no that is what is it the
don't repeat yes yes my skin it's just
the part so this is basically I wanted
to be as create some direction where did
you say okay three arm
what is your hairline color and eye
color what is the best feature
so is it what mean every little practice
it's a nice who cares whatever icon and
star like I'm basically always
frustratedly would love to look like
Brigitte Bardot I know it's never going
to happen but Wow
why is that red
why is that red okay is it gonna look
red and when I get it home oh there's no
oh I think it means it's in focus just
got out of the Charlotte Tilbury event
and it was so fun like I've never
actually met Charlotte before but like
I've watched so many interviews with her
I think she's so funny and in person
she's just the exact same so if you want
to follow me on Instagram or Twitter you
can see some photos from the event and
she gave us a little goodie bag as well
so excited to see what's in there she's
launching a lip scrub a lip balm and a
face mask yeah is my older new lip balm
and February face mask March yeah
lip liners February young you darker
skin lip liners yeah so good good all
around so now we are gonna go for lunch
I'm thinking ping pong the dim sum has
arrived come on come on a little closer
don't be shy I'm gonna eat you gonna eat
you okay so we have and it looks like
chicken and vegetable and down here if I
could show you this is beef filling
which is green we've never had that
before I have made it to Liberty and I'm
trying me to find some Christmas baubles
basically let's just see this is like a
nice little Christmas section isn't it
my mom has started a new tradition in
which we have to get each other
Christmas baubles so I am on the hunt we
shall see and I can find anything good
if you know a polar bear lover you could
get this for a thousand pounds a giant
polar bear tempting all right so I just
got home I was here in his glasses yeah
so after Charlotte Tilbury I went to
Liberty as you know to find a bauble I
couldn't find a bauble so I'm still on
the hunt for that but now I really feel
like taking bath lots of walking around
to do and it wasn't really that
productive because oh my gosh guess what
guess what they're selling in Liberty to
bringers to the same one the same brand
of - bringer so basically if you don't
know what this story's about like over
two years ago say like around two years
ago Aslan and I feature like we did an
on beauty favorites together
and we featured the two bringer which is
like this device that you use to like
get all the product out of your tube so
it like rings the tube and all the
product comes out and it was like
there's a random thing on eBay
yeah use your life in prison yes we have
a present what you've been up to so I
think I'm going to wind down now I'm
gonna show you what I'm gonna use in the
bath though I'm not gonna get naked or
anything like that but I will show you
the bath products I'm going to use for a
little spa evening cuz normally I have
like a spa day on a Sunday so that's
like full-blown like you know pedicure
manicure face mask like the whole
shebang and I didn't really have time to
do that this weekend I mean I did I
don't have it I just didn't do it so I
feel like I'm like behind in the
personal maintenance
I'm unmaintained you can't contain me
that was a wrap so I'm gonna get into
the tub
rub-a-dub-dub I'll show you a few of my
pamper products though okay so you might
be able to hear the bath running but I'm
using a few of these salts they're the
nails yard
I think they don't love yet lavender
bath salts come on one hand and strength
not too many left because I use them all
the time but those are the bath salts I
wish there was smellivision it smells so
good and then I'm gonna do a hair mask
this is the philip kingsley elasticized
and i'm actually just about to finish
this up tonight so then that will be in
an empties video and then i'm using a
bit of this it's the wild rose
brightening sleeping facial by korres
but I'm actually just gonna leave it on
for like half an hour in the bathtub so
that is what I'm using now it is time
for me to get in and I'm gonna watch
something on Netflix so clearly I just
got out of my bath hence why my face is
as red as a tomato although I don't
think that's red t-shirts really helping
matters it's really reflecting my tomato
ness is it just me or do you really
enjoy having like a boiling hot bath
like it is hot up in that bathtub but I
love it like when you actually get in
and you get used to the temperature it's
just like it's just a nice relaxation
time so I feel like my hair got a little
bit of a drink my face got a little bit
of a drink and I'm just feeling nice and
then I love a good bath anyway
I'm going to wrap up this blog because
I've got to edit a couple of videos I
want to put a blog post up and do all
that stuff since I was out most of the
day didn't get a chance to actually do
any of that I know you're probably
really sick of me talking about my lack
of Christmas shopping but tonight is the
night that I actually make a list of
what I need to get nowhere this oh I'll
just go and look around and hopefully I
see something because that's just not
happening I need to actually finalize a
list so hold me to that hopefully I'll
have done that by the next time I see
you so I'm gonna wrap it up I'm going to
put some body lotion own too much
information potentially I don't know
anyway I will see you in the next video
bye so here we are you may be for you to
think we're back in Denmark we're not in
the UK yeah
camber sands down on the south
