good morning everyone it is the
beginning of jingle week jingle week
jingle week all the way the mom so if
the concept behind jingle week is that
I'm not gonna be doing daily vlogs what
I'm gonna do a weekly round up every
single jingle week whoo what am i doing
now I am having peanut butter toast I
know this looks kind of gross but trust
me when I say it's the best peanut
butter and what you do is you've got to
stir it up because it kind of separates
like this and this is my Vogel's soil in
sea bread so ya know the reason why it
kind of separates its visit this has no
palm oil in it now all no other attitude
is just 100% peanut butter sometimes
there's a treat for Reggie
is this a gross moment for lawn dog
lovers so we've made it to the car boot
sale and I found Amelia I didn't
actually say that that's no I didn't
even show you we go to the car boot sale
today anyway okay
Aslan and me and Amelia are at a car
boot sale and we're very excited and
it's freezing so we're gonna try the
wrinkle them we've already found some
fascinating objects haven't we yes are
you cold
you were not dressed for this so my
first and potentially only purchase of
the day I hope grandma's not watching
this because this is her Christmas
present but they're like all these
little like picture books I got her wild
birds wild flowers and there's a
butterfly one let's see it's got like
pictures and birds oh my gosh and I open
it right to the Canada Goose so that's a
slime as I made his first purchase what
is it this is an amazing insulated
screwdriver kit by Barker which is very
good brand yeah check it out look at me
I get also three studies so we're back
home now and if you have
seen my merch and thought I would give a
quick shout-out to them because I'm just
at home chillin now and yeah if you
missed my November favorites you
wouldn't have known that I had this so
let me take off my sweater so you can
see so I did a little collaboration with
a luxe which is actually a Canadian site
and basically I made like a range of
these t-shirts well they're not t-shirts
they're 90s they're basically like you
can see them they're like a night a
night gown you could wear them without
leggings but I'm just cold the size that
they come in is pretty much like an XL
or potentially a double XL before my
camera dies I just want to say if you
are living in the UK or Europe you can
use the code se which will give you free
shipping because I know shipping can be
quite costly and actually spoke to e
luxe about it and they decided that if
you buy two or more items you'll get
free shipping which is really good so
just enter the code SE I had so many
good tweets and stuff so I'm really glad
you liked it I just thought it would be
a fun little thing to do for Christmas
it's a limited edition thing so it's not
gonna be going on forever okay now it's
time to laundry this is the evidence the
aftermath of an afternoon nap one was
Reggie also partook in I mean while I've
been busy because I am a filming little
video for the worktop doing a Christmas
gift guide which should go up soon
what's this what's going on here I just
woke up
oh did you I only never liked it did you
just wake up will just get lit up I've
been watching a lot of suits yeah time
for me to make some tea immediately
Reggie he's been helping as well god
Reggie look see huge right now he looks
like bigger than this living room yeah
that booty though
I can put two fat dollar clothes in here
unpeeled and still get a very good mince
walking the dog walking the dog Reggie
Reggie walking the dog hello grandma
it's a see where the Frick have you been
well you know what I think what happened
is that we I couldn't get to the phone
in time
oh that's all right okay the grandma I
hear it's your anniversary today how
many years oh my god
oh that's so nice and cliff just said
this morning boy she said it'd only be
less than a month before Sen - hunter
will be here I know and we're so excited
yeah I know that's gonna be wonderful
you
hello hello no peanut butter today buddy
I'm sorry I'm sending as when to the
post office with while he's going anyway
to the post office but I'm sending him
with a few of my recent Twitter giveaway
items well not not this but Reggie what
have you been doing that much as well my
list is wallet so he's trying to find it
here's some of the blogging aftermath a
little sneak preview of what's to come
on
see button comm behind the scenes good
morning everyone I'm in my gym kit today
because I am going to the gym it's 9
o'clock in the morning so I've got to
get going work on my fitness and yeah
the dry shampoo is my Savior this
morning that's for sure and whenever I'm
working I almost like my hair is not
long enough to put it in a bun so we
just do like this mini half not hot I
know you're beautiful beautiful thanks
you're pretty good oh just got back I'm
on an exercise high but I'm really
really tired and what am I do I'm not
focusing I am going to shower
immediately and then come down here do
the dishes and look at this brown
bananas I need to make banana bread
maybe tonight we'll see I'm gonna shower
and then I'm heading off to get my hair
done which I'm super excited about
because it's been too long so I will see
you when I get my hair cut if you're
wondering where my
well as enjoyed me by the way so much
has happened got my haircut I'll show
you later when I get home
the coats are in a restaurant because we
wanted to go to the juice place first
more clothes so let's get in here okay
here it is pressed 100% cold press we
actually came here last week when we
went to dinner with our friends and we
went to show you last week and anyway
we're back but when we went into the
juice place after dinner last week they
were closed so we didn't want to make
that same mistake twice in a big mistake
we went in the juice place like oh we'll
come back here after dinner after there
was closed and regretted so let's go get
our dinner both of us were so starving
and I didn't really eat much after my
workout today so of course we went
tomorrow Brahman standard times but it's
our fav for in whole foods now I wanted
to pick up some fruits but mainly it is
fruit and hummus and stuff
avocado hummus
sounds good to try that yes dead of
normal why not right got candy bad thing
check this out caramel and peanut butter
popcorn you want to try it in case for
later want a snack resign I'd like to
try it as loans carrying whipped cream
no this is different this is with
vanilla well I've seen it would be bad
anyway I have an addiction to whipped
cream and hot chocolate it's really bad
so I don't know maybe I shouldn't get it
because I'm too tempted the sound of it
makes State Ripple
it's like the Pavlov's dogs response
here we go should I go it should I say
stays darling skills already polishing
up she's making her way through Soho at
like you know pretty much rush now and
she's doing pretty good job yes I'm not
even that nervous anymore yeah yeah
check you out it's pretty good alright
just got home and can't really see my
hair when it's not the daytime but
there's all these like blonder pieces
here you can't really see and I actually
got like hair dye here in my hood I
thought I read your play I actually got
like a semi permanent hair dye all over
my head as well it's pretty similar to
my natural color but try to explain but
it just kind of makes it look a little
more rich and a little bit more shiny so
I'm into it I think it's nice and then I
just got like a trim so so a quick
little food haul Reggie this is not for
you my handsome boy
this is not for you three juices this is
a beet one I don't know what's in it
this is watermelon and lime and this is
tangerine so I'm gonna have that as a
treat at some point and then let me see
watermelon because I was just kind of in
the mood for that this is some sourdough
bread this is an empty bag raspberries
pecans cherries which looks good hey
Jamie I know this doesn't seem super
like tasty but it's like these this is
just like pickled garlic and pickles and
I put them together and that is gonna be
my evening snack tonight
if I feel like it let's see some organic
bacon tomatoes the avocado hummus and as
you know I got this as well the peanut
butter caramel popcorn oh hey hey I am
NOT back in mine
I'm back in my pyjamas that's such a
weird thing to say but this is another
I'm just grabbing that doughnut this is
another 90 from the elix range that I
did and as you can see this is a
full-blown nighttime gear risque
not really at all in fact I just like
you don't even care about my permanent
Tiger nighty what's wrong with you
anyway I think I'm gonna wrap up this
installment of jingle week
I think the way I'm gonna do it is I'm
just gonna vlog little bits and pieces
every single day and whenever I get like
enough footage to make one vlog I'm
gonna put it up so there's really no
rhyme or reason that could be you know
for vlogs a week that could be two that
could be one I'm going to try to do as
many as I can if I have a particularly
interesting day I'll love the whole day
we're just gonna play it by ear so I
hope you guys like the idea I hope
you've enjoyed the first jingle we
jingle week make sure you subscribe to
know when the next vlog goes up and I
think that's it I will see you in the
next one bye later yeah I'm just gonna
be chilling out too you know I'm pretty
busy so you know I find it hard to
commit to daily vlogs cuz you know I'm
just like so busy sleeping so okay bye
hey everyone today's video is going to
be my November favorites I have a lot of
things to talk about and not that much
time I mean
could be here all day if you really
wanted to be I don't think you want me
to do that because you know I could talk
for a long time like I'm good right now
I'm gonna get
