hey everyone long time no see I got all
dressed up for you you like it you like
what you see mmm okay
I am gonna be doing a recipe video today
I'm thinking of doing this it's called
the smoky black bean soup and I asked on
Twitter and I said would you like to see
this video and a lot of people said yes
so here we go I don't think you like
soup okay this recipe is coming from a
book called the extra virgin kitchen I
really like it as you can see I've got
like tons of bookmarks here and yeah so
this is called smoky black bean soup I
don't actually have all of these
ingredients so I'm gonna kinda mix it up
but we will see how it turns out I've
never made black bean soup before I love
black beans it should be tasty another
thing is if you haven't already seen it
I did a video on my main channel it's
called my health and fitness journey and
it was basically just me talking about
my health and fitness journey and
there's two post-workout recipes at the
end as well so if you want to see that
and if you want to hear it more about my
health and fitness story and what I was
like as a kid up until now I will link
that down below check it out so here we
go we've got the black beans so let's
get started
chop your leeks are you planning on
helping or are you just hanging around
in case something starts to taste good
mmm okay chop these up so I just put the
leeks in this pan I just like chop them
up kind of fine I don't really know if
this is what I'm supposed to do but I'm
going with it and now I'm gonna slice up
2 cloves of garlic it says just to put
one in but I do love a bit of garlic
next up four tablespoons of extra virgin
olive oil and I am going to measure it
correctly for once apparently this has
to quote/unquote sweat for 8 to 10
minutes so I'm just trying to coat all
of it in the olive oil it's starting to
smell really good though I have high
hopes people pace has been about 10
minutes and now I'm going to add a
teaspoon of cumin and a teaspoon of
smoked paprika okay give that a nice
little stir oh we're fogging up in here
I'm just oh five again I'm just gonna
add these black beans it's just
to 400 gram cans whoopsie sorry I only
have this can which is about 600 grams
but we're going with it I'm also adding
whoopsies a can of tinned tomatoes that
moment when a cab Tomatoes drops on your
toe oh my god can I just say that I have
had the clumsiest day of my life so I'm
still battling through this this toe
situation yeah I just recently fell down
a flight of stairs and by recently I
mean five minutes before I started
filming this video so today is not the
one today is about the one now I'm just
adding roughly six cups of vegetable
stock so I'm just gonna measure it out
now so six of these and put them oh can
I can I do this can I do this and put
them in here so that's one that is the
final product as you can see I'm really
cutting it close this was like the
perfect pen because any smaller and this
would not have happened but yeah so I
guess now I'm supposed to just stir it
and once it starts excuse the sawing in
the background what even is that
anyway if once this starts to bubble
then apparently put a lid on it for five
minutes and then that should be it so
give this a good old stir that old swirl
and I will come back to you once it
starts to gurgle while I wait it's
gossip girl time and dishes time so it
seems to me gurgling nicely so five more
minutes with a lid on that would be what
you would do however I can't find the
lid so I'm gonna use this thing which is
doing absolutely nothing because it's
mesh so all the steam is coming out
anyway but you know what we're going
with it anyway I'm not too stressed
about it I think it's gonna taste pretty
good and I got the dishes done so that's
one bonus okay I thought of another
solution putting one of these frying
pans on top like this the double frying
pan lid technique I just forgot to put
some honey in here so I'm just gonna put
a little teaspoon maybe half a teaspoon
of honey in here and you just got home
so you're gonna tell me how it goes and
we're also gonna slice up this challah
bread winchell I'm so excited about I
tried this in New York
it's about 20 days old it's definitely
stale but we're gonna just go with that
who cares you know what I mean snails
toasted soup I mean snail toasted bread
with soup is good all right let's just
serve this up get some nice broth in
there seems good and then what should we
just add a bit of salt and pepper on top
so maybe a dollop of I know we don't I
don't think we have cream okay yeah
yogurt we'll put on top so truthfully
what do you think what do you actually
think I won't be offended it's my first
time making it is it I don't know but
it's called smoked bean soup
all right smoked black bean soup do it
maybe it's the paprika it's really nice
I see yeah ready good job with the leeks
I did texture to them but they oh yes I
have done it again actually it's
probably the first time I've made
something that you actually like because
I suck at cooking but you know even
though let me try okay so let me try it
right it's my soup oh look at you're so
pleased with yourself it's good it's
kind of like chili but not like mix
between vegetable soup and chili that's
what it is man perfect with him I mean
yeah yeah it is pretty good thumbs up I
see blue anyway I'm gonna wrap up this
will disclosure Taliah vlogs but it was
a little cooking tutorial come along
with me type of video I hope you liked
it if you want to see me do more recipes
like healthiest recipes I would be more
than happy to take you along that
cooking journey with me because it's
actually kind of fun for me because I
don't know I don't like cooking alone
it's kind of boring so yeah I feel like
I'm bringing a little friend along my
friend being this camera and you who are
behind it but it's complex relationship
so I'm gonna eat this and
having a good day give it a thumbs up if
you liked it I will see you later oh and
don't forget to check out my health and
fitness journey which will be linked
down below so I will see you soon bye
bye bye guys I'll see you later I'm just
giving myself a bath okay
can't a man take a bath and paint so
that is it for vlog tober I hope you
enjoyed our vlogging experience the next
time I see you I will actually be in New
York
