Reggie's been a little frisky too small
he's been very frisky eating Aslan sucks
running around like a crazy dog Oh
Reggie hey everybody I'm rocking the
clip I'm rocking the pajamas I'm rocking
two sweater I'm rocking a zit here I'm
rocking a lot of things
hey he's so happy today I think it's
because we took him to the park
yesterday you think uh yesterday we took
Reggie to Battersea Park and he was just
like peeing everywhere is a happy happy
dog on another note I'm in a wall shake
American Horror Story season 3 yeah it's
a price price I have to say I am so
obsessed with this show and I am only on
the first episode of season 3 I'm just
finishing up the last ten minutes
because I fell asleep last night but
this one is about witches is this one
called coven no idea but I stay if
there's one thing is the last thing she
loves with you and I would even had a
wish phase where you've had like a
little spell book or something I did
yeah I am like I'm really into witches I
know people are gonna think that I'm
like some sort of like cult leader or
something like that like I just
I've always loved any sort of movie or
show or book about witches so if you
have any recommendations please tell me
cuz I'm just like really interested in
witchcraft and stuff like I'm not a
witch or anything like that although I
did think I was when I was 15 okay
people you know this I've already sent
this book I just like 5-bit fascinating
if I could be one supernatural type of
person ideal which fo sho no no I don't
know because I'm watching the Vampire
Diaries as well it's like which teaches
they're so amazing I just I never used
to be into this like supernatural shows
and stuff but I don't even consider this
like supernatural shows it's different
it's like it's like you know I mean I'll
be watching know what I mean it's not
like I'm not scared to see it
yeah anyway so I'm just finishing up
this episode and if you don't watch it
just it's so good so we moved Reggie's
big bed into the kitchen and he is
loving it I honestly think he liked it
so much more than his other bed that
being said he likes his other bed in the
living room so I think we've made a
great decision with this and we are
making a big big Sunday morning
breakfast eggs toast raspberries which
I've almost eaten all of Hoops tea does
something else again Oh bacon what's he
doing in the oven Oh
okay let's eat I love having big
breakfasts well every day
but especially on Sundays who doesn't
that is the truth so since it is Sunday
morning I thought I would bake some
cookies
I haven't baked cookies since like last
winter so I thought I would make some
Halloween inspired cookies and I might
actually turn it into a blog post and
I'm gonna let everybody know about my
favorite Halloween movies and just like
a Halloween themed blog post how about
that no I got the other day is it just
me or does this look an awful lot like
Reggie this is like Reggie Halloween
style and then there's these ones too so
then I wonder which one is me okay
obviously that's me
which one is Aslan obviously this one so
there's our little annoying family yay
okay so far so good I just added a
little extra sugar to taste one thing
you'll find out about me is that I don't
actually follow recipes at all
so anyway going with this let's see if I
can Oh one-handed crack
come on handed crack that sounds sick
okay ready I've never done this before
hang on let's see oh nope yep nope nope
nope nope nope okay be right back
considering that was my only egg that
was a really really bad idea
let's get these shells out little shall
never hurt anyone though did it you know
okay
okay I am baking so these are my little
cookie cutters like ah at the grocery
store recently what's this a ghost
what's this about what's that a pumpkin
nice what's this a magic working on my
head yes so I'm just gonna bake these
bad boys make them as a shape oh now I
wonder if I can make icing different
colors are you making this for the kids
that'll be coming for the
trick-or-treating I'm making this for us
that'll be real good okay well these
didn't turn out as clear as I would have
hoped that's a pumpkin believe it or not
that's a bat a bat a bat that's a ghost
ghost how does a ghost
hopefully these ones turn out a little
bit better but I'm not keeping my hopes
up okay guys this is what I'm going with
so I'm just laying everything out to do
a blog post is like behind the scenes
yeah this is the camera I use everybody
asks me but it is on the FAQ section my
blog it's the Olympus om-d and they have
this is the little blog post now I just
have to admit that the bats the bats
didn't turn out mainly because I didn't
know how to make black food dye but they
also just didn't even look like bats a
couple of the ghosts were messed up just
pumpkin yeah it's fine but overall I
think it's cute so I'm gonna
photographing now also look at this
little cute little mini pumpkin oh my
god so yeah that's what I'm doing
standing on the kitchen chair to get
that sweet sweet shot blogger probs
sorry I've been a slightly m.i.a for the
past few hours
I've been busy though I've basically
I've basically been cleaning out all of
my clothes and just organizing
everything I feel like I do that in
every single vlog but this time was for
real like normally I go through and I'm
like uh yeah I haven't worn this in
seven months but I'm gonna keep it
anyway this time was like I haven't worn
it in six months okay it's got to go so
I had to like
do you got and it was pretty successful
at that I feel good I feel nice that
there's nothing better than cleaning and
organizing on a Sunday am i right I love
it
so right now I'm just making a cup of
tea I just had some lunch I had a quinoa
salad really good and that's about it so
let me go make some tea tea time yes yes
in my favorite mug well one of my
favorites I have a lot of favorite books
but I do love this mug anyway I'm being
stalked by Reggie and I'm just editing
this video sorry that there's like flour
all over my laptop screen it's from the
cookies earlier it is a video in which
we talk about things does another want
to give anything away but it's gonna be
up tomorrow and actually Amelia just
tweeted this little teaser for the video
that's going up on her channel tomorrow
so make sure you go check that out
tomorrow it's gonna be it's gonna be a
boobalicious time so I'm just editing
this video and I've come to the
realization that Amelia and I know
you're watching
she literally laughs everything I say
like even what what I'm saying is not
funny like Exhibit A so I'm talking
about how I've had this nail polish on
my nails all month long
she's like an amazing person to have
around because she just makes you feel
like a comedian oh my gosh so funny time
to go for a walk somebody's excited I
said tell okay let's get your collar
good job
okay let's go
and we're back to Oxford Circus I feel
like we never left still like super busy
I guess it is a Sunday but yeah in case
you're wondering why we knew for a while
but I haven't yet philsie but the phone
is obviously
got my phone and I feel really happy
about that
yeah it's a load off my mind cuz that
return period is 14 days and they didn't
have any and stop for a while and I was
like so I'm just gonna go see Kiko still
open yeah we shall see looks like it is
so people going in that'll be fun
there's no man seats there's no man seat
there's no damn man see
success success size Kiko and I could
say that that was my
at the Kiko store in my life I've tried
a couple of things from Kiko before and
I really like them but I've never
actually like been into that store for
some reason anyway it's amazing it's
kind of like Mac but cheap like cheap
like drugstore prices but it's like I
got to quite a few little things and I
want to like try them out first and if
they're any good I'm gonna do tutorial
with them so we are gonna head home but
first I think we're gonna go out to eat
we were gonna eat at home today but it's
you were hungry
and nobody likes to take the two when
they're starving well hungry now he's
hungry now we're getting the food now
and one other thing I was in this store
and I was like looking at a lip gloss
color girl is that nice and I went to
like look at myself in the mirror and
like hold the lip color of the see if it
would go
and I looked in the rear I was like huh
because I didn't realize that I wasn't
wearing makeup
okay just completely forgot that they
didn't put me I scared myself I did but
you know what sometimes you just hope
you like putting makeup on today is just
one of those days back underground it
was so busy we couldn't even get on the
train I think there's some NFL thing
yeah and what's in the bag burritos from
this place called tortilla looks pretty
good actually it was all right you know
we'll try it and see
okay so we've reheated our burritos but
something unfortunate has happened
basically I put my old SIM card in my
wallet in this little pouch thing that
it had and when I got home to put it in
my new phone the SIM cards gone must
have fallen out I mean it's my own fault
but it just kind of sucks because now
I'm phoneless and when when your SD
button that is bad how am I gonna check
Instagram but anyway here's the iPhone 6
much better for me much more of a normal
size for me compared to the plus I'm
very happy with it so yeah anyway that
kind of sucks and they have to go to the
store tomorrow and get this replacement
SIM card but let's not dwell too much
when you've got a chicken burrito things
could be much worse this frito is
actually really good mmm how's yours no
yeah really good okay so I think that is
going to be me signing off for the day
hope you guys had a good weekend and I
will see you again soon bye so just made
it I'm here with Amelia looks like
bomb.com Siri but you need so you're
open I'll do it open with me later
i last-minute changed my shirt really
quickly no it's a video
