whoa good morning what a sight
- beautiful behinds isn't that right reg
reg is very happy because this morning
he gets to get walked by both his
parents which is a rare occurrence for
him that's when he's favorite he may not
look like he's happy and believe me I
know not everybody thinks he looks like
that because sometimes people filled
with glum but deep down his heart is
filled with joy little miss eagle eye
over here spotted something didn't you
yeah
whoa look at this gigantic spider II
know the scary isn't it
I'm sure he's the more scared of a giant
camera yeah bro puberty do you think I'd
you would eat spiders no do you think I
was a little little show all right oh
this is disaster we're in disaster so um
we got a very loud over here little bit
you done with that mister you don't know
that really
so a stay was panicking because we have
the plumber in again because the
plumbing issue continues yeah bright and
early like I've been away waking up at
6:00 a.m. the last five days of the last
night I was like can I please just sleep
in till nine o'clock tomorrow and as
always like I made my classic camel
faces just like she's like uh I actually
put the plumber in Sunday am i right
excuse me excuse me
um sedia because of that the waters off
and I stayed was like freaking out hi
mama
which is freaking out because she can't
have it see Wayne got too much water in
this cattle um but don't worry guys
water in here oh don't worry guys look
at this what have we got in here Aslan's
reserved yeah so I got this two litre
water bottle as a marker of how much
water I drink in a day and I've been
doing terribly so every day there's like
only at least Lisa's worth less than
that so oh thank you man oh I should
read that for us hey Gracie's going to
thank my lack of hydration throughout
the day cuz I haven't had a proper cup
of tea for four days you done now you
satisfied
he's satisfied you little cutie I'm
going down guys he's so cute and just
look at this nose
he knows that I'm shooting his nose he
doesn't oho look beauty I'm having the
breakfast of champions
aka a mince pie mmm delicious I bought
like 12 mince pies for that Christmas
dinner thing we had I never really ate
them yes we forgot to put it out
yeah I think so yeah I mean we forgot
really I just didn't put them out some
stuff yeah and I've been having like two
a day for the last probably four or five
days and this is like second to last one
I'm really sad when they're all gone
let's get more yeah I probably could but
you know when how many how many mince
pies can you really eat in place of a
week it's only the only season they
happen
it's like Nemeth Minnie hmm I can you
get mince pies out of season
I swear I've seen Vince like this but I
think I've seen Gav guys see them the
supermarket's
what it's not business and he said yeah
but they're really good at Christmas
like you know that's what I get yeah I'm
having a day in my pajamas at my desk so
things are gonna be pretty boring
from my perspective today I have to
catch up on emails I have to upload
videos I have to write blog posts I have
to do a lot of stuff today so I think
for the most part as one's gonna take
over for the daytime because I'm
literally not moving from this location
so I will be see well you'll be seeing
him in the next clip probably and for
most of the afternoon so wanted to keep
it interesting for you guys I think he's
going bouldering I'm not too sure so
yeah enjoy the Iceland take over hey
stay low - my girlfriend me yeah okay
este is quoting over again listen maybe
someone needs to hear this
there comes a time in your life when
where you are is not where you're
supposed to be like I heard that you
guys are not listening to the making
oprah podcast you're missing out on some
serious wisdom okay you might think that
there's something wrong with the white
balance here but this is actually how
dreary and horrible the weather is at
the moment this is how blue it actually
looks this isn't like a white balance
issue and Reggie does not like it do you
buddy no you do not
no you do that since este says that she
ain't doing nothing it's been boring
just go spend a day on the emails or
whatever I've got a few little errands
to run
and I think I have like a couple of
hours free so I might to use that for my
leisure so I thought I'd take you guys
with me this is his leisure time his
favorite leisure time I think the
weather does really affect him because
he was a he was we went to the park
yesterday and I've never seen him that
moody in the park fella like the weather
was really great horrible he was just
like Oh getting out of here
like barely making an effort running
around
toss number one let's donate some old
clothes clothes that I need of a new
home and Eunice this Christmas New Year
when I get things a bit tidied up let's
do that
okay step number two is a parcel and if
you like to get a mailer so let's see
here hopefully it's alright
the issue is that in England first off
is always very busy and if you come on
this corner you just hope and pray the
cute isn't too bad okay it's not too bad
guys it's not too bad it's only a couple
people we're good we're good so I'm
about an hour free so I'm gonna come and
a bit of climbing at the arch burnsy hmm
so I'm still renting shoes kind of makes
sense to tell myself that I'd have to
come here for these like ten times four
i buy myself a pair of shoes but the
rental shoes man oh it smells so bad
it's so gross like every time I put
these in I'm like ah this is so so gross
it's actually pretty dead in here
this was makes sense this time of day
would
so doing well first time gonna stay came
here this was all career difference they
were really redundant
give it oh so very stressful and
difficult outlet er done
Thomas awesome snacks did another cliff
did a protein but and I give that a go
in that protein straight off the
exercise and in case most people don't
mean in the biscuit factory but they
have a place called packed here just
coffee roasters and their front doors
kind of closed but the side doors open
so I'll show you and it's like the best
smell in the world
like especially ask the climbing gym you
feel kind of hungry and you kind of walk
up here and you start to smell it and
you smell it and right through here is
like the most heavenly aroma this comes
out of here and then they are roasting
all the coffee and then it's the best
thing yeah what fun is all Reggie's
happy anybody gonna get food loads of
trees yeah how'd you move logging today
kind of Oh none for a while oh my they
said ah okay I thought you were gone a
couple hours yeah tender basically what
happened is that I went I go away home I
forgot my deposit lip card for the lock
key in the climbing light signboard
killer killer I feel exhaust I'm still
wearing the same clothes and haven't
showered mom you stink
it's majors knuckle time major snuggle
alert major snuggle apart major snuggle
alert
so what ends up happening the climbing
is that your hands kind of end up
looking like this which is sort of gross
isn't it and a friend of ours
recommended a little trick to help with
this the problem is this used normal
moisturizer I like the stuff I stay he
gives me it makes your hands too soft
and then your skin starts like to really
like basically tear off as you climb so
you don't your hands too soft but you
still want to kind of have them a little
moisturize and the perfect thing for
that is coconut oil so so I'm going to
do coconut on my hands the problem with
this is that it makes me really hungry
because everything smells like coconut
cookies would you consider Reggie an
exotic meat lover meat lover
yeah and ago any lover definitely oh
yeah his guess what baby
I got him some of that a hundred percent
Roo 100 percent kangaroo well right now
he's just a hundred percent ass manages
the Hydra percent ass he doesn't like
kangaroo oh he likes his giant ass okay
open this up there he'll heal me you
could you'll perk up right at the sound
oh yeah that's alright interested okay
we go and Joe kangaroo see he's internet
oh it Reggie's into the roof like that
no I don't know he's little he's a
little animal trouble there no he likes
it I'm still in my computer because I
spent three and a half days away from it
but I just put up a brand new blog post
and I'm so excited about it so basically
I'm doing this series on my blog it's
like I was gonna do a regionally gonna
do book week but I might just space them
out a little bit more but the first one
is up its I gotta show it to you right
now so if you've never been on my blog
is it it's just a stale alone calm and
anyway this is the new post
it's called books home and design so
this is the first category that I'm
working on
well I'm not working on it anymore it's
up so I just included a couple of my
favorite books that Aslan and I really
like and we use them to get um you know
sort of home inspiration and stuff so go
check these out they would make great
gifts for Christmas but they would also
just make a great gift for yourself and
it's just kind of interesting to see
these books because I don't know I love
reading about books so check it out also
I have the thrilling task of ordering
groceries online which to be honest is
the best thing that's ever happened to
our lives
I mean online food shopping and the only
reason why I might want to physically
food shop now is if Amazon implements
their whole a grab-and-go system
throughout the world what's that oh you
haven't seen it no busy Amazon developed
this thing where like you walk into a
store and all you have to do is just
scan your phone at the front of the
store now you just grab everything as
you want and then you just walk out and
it's automatically like they can just
automatically tell what you've taken and
it's deducted from you bill
how can they tell what you've taken I
don't know they have a very very vague
answer or in the video but basically I
don't know using cameras and ice
positioning or something out of there in
America they do that yeah I think that
the first if you choose here yeah really
is the first Bill's gonna open in
Seattle like in two months time or
something oh my god yeah it just knows
that crazy just walk into the store just
just kinda phone at the beginning like
you know how you would avoid a drop or
something and then he's walk-in do you
show up when you walk out no cueing no
nothing and but if you can tell Jane has
been pretty tired another liar with a
long day watch The Apprentice branya
branya what's her neighbor kicked off
sure kicked off basically she had the
hump and I didn't realize that was like
a kick off herbal offense is if that's a
reason to get kicked off the apprentice
then we're explaining what the hump is
the hub is basically a penny the chick
was just in a mood
just never heard that phrase like oh
she's got a hump it sounds like an S
this is quite the angle isn't it oh yeah
um yeah I don't know STD or something
not know it's not an STD just means that
you are in a mood you do I ever get the
hump sometimes you get the hump
everybody gets to hump sometimes it's
like a natural thing like you know cut
you can't be the good mood all the time
you know if you just add a no way you
just seem a bit of bad mood again you
got the hump well yeah she's got the
hump
every day yes unless Reggie gets the
hump pretty much like right he gets the
hump as soon as he starts out the door
as soon as he steps out the door his
work is in the hump mode but do you feel
like it's been ten weeks into the whole
task thing on the apprentice and yeah
like somebody's gonna have a one bad day
in the 10 weeks like you know like you
know what you had the hub can work with
this you decided to make the gin dark
orange that is true that was weird but
mainly you have a hump so you're fired
you don't have a hump you have the hop
the hump
thank you for peering up that
terminology even though you only heard
about it like five minutes ago a
preventative expert did mean you don't
happen and guys that like to add to that
okay good night guys okay good night you
I love my nose Thank You Casey okay
you
