good morning world it's me again it is
9:30 in the morning
it is Wednesday Tuesday what day is it
let's see jeez it's Thursday today a bit
of a fun one today I'm excuse the
banging I'm just going to talk as you
can see I'm already fully made up and
I've got my hair done and everything I
am still in my pajamas though hello
but amelia is coming over because we are
filming not one but two videos together
today which is gonna be great
although if this banging continues I'm
not sure if that's actually gonna happen
so I'm just trying to get everything
ready for the videos and yeah I should
probably have breakfast because I'm
hungry and that's what I'm gonna do
right now my breakfast is an egg on
toast with to one and a half pieces
bacon and tea let's eat okay we're
setting up the video to film Aslan's
helping as he always does this is like
this is quite the set this is quite this
is what we see when you see about Amelia
obviously you know Amelia you never well
an exciting announcement that we
announced on Twitter you know that okay
kind of what words okay okay okay so we
are coming to New York for like a little
less than a week yeah and we're gonna
have some good time so if you have any
food recommendations yeah I used to tell
food recommendation yes and other
general recommendations of things we
need to see yeah good good cool okay so
we're filming two videos now and don't a
spoil it too much DNA and you'll see
them soon yes they tuned so we just
finished filming our videos together
they'll be up and I caught flu
and I just wanted to be a little preview
about what they are about this one's
going to be on a million channel so you
girl the neverending strap drama oh yeah
so they're gonna be some interesting
videos for you there so we're done
filming it's been great having you here
I really just like to buzz except yeah
exactly
so just to fill you in on what we're
doing today I'm Tanya burr may have
heard of her out loud she's got a she's
launching a new beauty product which is
actually been announced online so I can
say it's eyelashes clear not like real
ones that like you know false eyelashes
so if the launch of that is for tonight
the launch for that is tonight so we're
going to that what are you wearing
I don't know I'm gonna send you some hit
yeah I have no idea what I'm wearing
either I was thinking knee-high boots
hey guys long time no see
I didn't want to bore you with what I
was doing I was literally just editing
that entire time it's 5 o'clock now
yeah and it's teatime time for a cup of
tea I've had tea all day well sorry I've
had green tea but I haven't had like you
know English breakfast I love tea I just
took little Reggie for a walk and he
enjoyed himself I think he saw a
squirrel you know what he likes so I'm
just having a cup of tea now and then
I've got to somehow figure out what I'm
gonna wear to this little thing tonight
and that's about it really
so let's make this tea yes teatime and
here is my new video nice little plug
there it's empty empty products
let me try press play here there you go
so you can go to my main channel
youtube.com slash I said button and see
me talk about the products I've used up
okay I've been running around like crazy
because all of a sudden I was like okay
I've got to go
and I have no idea what I'm gonna wear
and it was like a little situation where
I just freaked out a little bit because
you know when you just like I should
have been prepared anyway I'm not
getting too wound up about it I'm trying
to now show you what I'm wearing I know
this stuff doesn't really go with this
but I have no other options and I am
late you see I'm really late but I am
wearing this skirt from Topshop but it
kind of has this little like flippy outy
section my boots are also from Topshop
they're like the knee-high type of boots
they're like pretty woman moment and I'm
trying a plain white t-shirt because I
don't want it to be too like overly
dressy with the boots you see my dilemma
and then as far as makeup goes this is a
really horrible lighting but that's what
my face looks like and I have to let
them do my something with my hair but I
don't know I'm just wearing this so just
made it I'm here with Amelia looks like
calm calm Siri you need to see you're
open I'll do it open it with me later I
last-minute changed my shirt really
quickly no it's a video change my change
my top really quickly but we got to get
in there because we're kind of like
we're just like the paparazzi flash in
okay I just want to show you Tania's
prophets Bailey so the new launches
eyelashes and she saw different kinds it
looks like so we've got pretty lady
Bambi eyes which look gorgeous
date night individual lashes which are
always a great girls night out and
everyday
there she is looking beautiful the lady
of the hour
okay so we're sitting on the lips and
we're chillin with this family just a
rainy Victoria from how much we love her
so yeah it was recording but I'm not
putting it in I just burped true sorry
it was quite a performance
okay I just got home from Tonya's launch
beat congratulations going out to Tonya
for her new lunch it's really exciting
the party was hot hot inside that room
let me tell you a hot lap ha yeah really
hot all the people already hot bad
everyone was going hot there but yeah it
was like a really fun party and it was
really great to finally meet a couple of
people that I've never met before and
hang out with people who I have met
before it was really cool so with that I
think I'm gonna take this makeup off and
just like do some relaxation and
anything else dad what have you been up
to go home what about some got myself a
career actually nice I say doesn't like
cars you know so I only have eats it
when I'm having the all by myself
yeah yeah and I got a not just one and
I've got three free pops whoa whoa i
sweet-talked the guy in this job and
Reggie doesn't seem like he's been up to
- yes he has not think about things man
he should have been here for what he's
been doing for the past hour and a half
what has he been doing the past hours
making me like freaking
wishing I was in what once I could have
a easy access to a gas mask oh my god
good bad farting yeah what did you feed
it did you feed him something
specifically before you left no you're
really pissing no red cheese like
greyhounds just have a lot of gas you
know that Reggie farts all the time just
I can't even say the word fart without
laughing fart okay so I'm actually
wrapping it up now I will see you later
that's I ended okay I'll see you later
fired by the way I know people are gonna
be like your output was so ugly today
but what I were there I wasn't happy
with it well you didn't actually see
what I did where I were like a black top
which was much better wasn't my finest
hour I said I was on a picture what I
was wearing he's like nice country chic
I was like well I heard to me the the
high long booth looked like country
because because that's what it is to me
like you know because it makes me think
of wellington boots see what so I was
like oh those never all those wellington
boots okay alright so wrapping it up for
real I will see you later bye bye
I just got off the phone with Ashland
and he's like Oh what do you up to hopes
like uh just heading home he said why
don't we go out to dinner that's why it
was my idea I was like why don't we come
for dinner
he said okay so it's being taken like
half an hour to get here
