okay day three in Istanbul we are going
to be doing the two apart path left
buckle or whatever palace
I probably know that name by now it's a
living mr. pipe key Palace I think
that's wrong because we didn't get to
there yesterday was closed we also do
the spice market and I think that's just
about it
I stay is losing her voice so if she
doesn't appear on camera today that's
the reason why I just want to talk to
preserve her beautiful voice he's a well
would you speak I am I'm not losing my
voice I've got a sore throat she's got a
sore throat you know well she's you know
she has two Brits it's her asset a voice
is how I said it's how she reaches out
to people you know say she's going to
keep that nice and lubricated and fine
right yeah we're heading to get some
brunch so I think what I head over to
the karak√∂y area again because we like
that you know we like the westernized
shininess of it
so now it's a green line so we can go if
this charm isn't observing this but you
know given taking a given take ok so
here we are at cafe ops I don't we don't
have the menu but it's in oh I stay also
a top of the soup which they also got a
self a minute and we're just trying to
create space here this is the constant
problem with I told Aslan how good my
soup was and now he's trying to figure
out every single ingredient so we can
recreate it at home it really is good
though he's our squash like everything
it's a decent vegetable beet and then it
is really good sir
Brookes very good there it is Cafe ups
so we're going back over the bridge head
over to the palace so that it's gonna go
over and for all these fishermen on the
on the bridge here
I've yet to actually see anybody
catching bitch they got like little
buckets of water by them and they've got
fish in there but I don't actually see
any what do you catch what and I would
have thought like we walk broke this
bridge like six times now I know the
rare occurrence or what look is a little
cat house here yeah well how specific at
PI over 2 the two Pocky popcopy'
top graphic arts museum love the old
cobbled streets here Oh is everybody
going to get these old lovely cold
streets and they always are kind of in
this like kind of fan pattern fanned out
slowly okay we've got hordes of school
children so we must be must be here I
mean yeah I know I think you stop there
used to be a very populous nation
definitely away why bother with that in
destination feet so far the queue is
quite large standing in this queue I've
been for us
all the other decided to abandon me
suppose this is what I get for no
organizing these things only time you
thank you tickets all right let's find
let's find the company the rest of the
company the battalion where are they
so that we kind of relaxing over a bench
somewhere over there there's a funniest
thing people get so agitated inside
what's lady behind me was like freaking
out somebody for like pushing in front
of her and acai palmitate
what's difference it's gonna be like 30
seconds here or there but yeah travel
queuing breeze are the worst again the
selfie stick cam has become a ubiquitous
thing wherever we go we see people with
a really big selfie cams like it's very
popular with the with the Asian crew not
gonna lie the Korean the Chinese love
them hi I don't buy are my limbs long
enough not to require selfie stick no I
just yeah when I take the puppies like
this yeah this is this is you this is
what it's like what me hey guys guess I
should do a proper hello to today's vlog
I'm actually starting to feel a little
bit better I guess just from being out
and about but whenever I fly I get a
really sore throat I don't know I don't
know I think that vegetable soup
actually really helps but if anybody has
any tips on how to prevent a cold every
time I fly please let me know any sort
of medicine or herbal remedies you know
knows Lin it would be much appreciated
so anyway I guess we're gonna be
wandering around this palace now it's a
really nice day so it's nice to just
walk around we're at the harem
which a priori doesn't mean like
debauchery bath day spin slave the
private 14 yes
day 24 and are still trying to find an
exit we found out of water and 2's days
feet don't son
well yes this is a who's our expenses
very long but you have very beautiful
tile I already brought in into town
okay I'll try and work some time and
plantain
okay their old date yeah feature because
I was thinking of instagramming it
saying where the roses go to die is that
too morbid oh wow no I already see
Graham do you think of again James
Franco or something do you think of a
caption first or do you take the picture
I take the patient anything of the
caption I usually do the casual and take
the picture that's wrap around my
histogram sucks
do you like you would you've got like
the cheesy captions in mind then you
walk around trying to find pictures
person okay see the thing and I think I
can think of good caption for that I'm
gonna take the picture okay and if you
can't think of a good caption you should
not take a picture then I usually take
the picture and ask someone I know if
they can think of a camera that's true
I gotta test that so we're heading to
the spice market now but I just
remembered I don't think I told you guys
what was going on here in this little
situation I was actually stoned by two
mosquitoes here and here you can see
I've seen excuses going on yeah we've
got a cute little photo going on there
and it's like completely stolen up I'm
actually allergic to mosquitoes so yeah
that's really bad and I have some all
over my back yes well so if you're
wondering what was going on and why the
right hand side of my face is completely
swollen it was due to a mosquito bite
anyway we're going to put spice margays
this is the new mosque there you go
here is a spice market very multi very
nice spike
difference so
and of course all these different lovely
spices
and teas
okay Aslan just got his fish sandwich I
also got their bulla Technic what
exactly is that it's basically just a
fish map to do okay try it my friend
okay goodbye
yeah so we just had lunch and we came
back to the place and we're actually
leaving now already I know it's been a
quick one it's been a quick one Istanbul
if you wonder why I'm so greasy it's
because I've got the Sarah Chapman
overnight facial on it's like my
favorite thing to fly and because when
you get home your face isn't like a dry
as the Sahara Sahara or Sahara alright /
Oh dry but also surprisingly greasy at
the same time how does that work yeah
it's true so anyway now we're just
packing everything up and I just
finished uploading exploring Istanbul
part 2 and that's pretty much it so I
guess we're just gonna head to the
airport now right yeah dude guy is
coming to do a check out in about minute
so nice okay so we're in the taxi going
down and this is crazy cuz he's like
literally driving down this is the such
a steep hill
I like engine breaking all the way down
and stay did something and all the
cheeky evil what if it is madami what
happened well I wanted to get an orange
juice before we went yeah because of my
throat was like good to go for health
reasons let her taste it forget it
and then taxi was here then I ordered
the juice and the guy was like cranky
the chairs like this there was like 15
cars - honking I couldn't leave without
this juice though
so sorry - everybody was waiting oh good
give you a bit of an adrenaline rush as
you say yeah
so we've got about a couple hours to
kill
and we're doing what any self-respecting
traveler does
another grocery shopping we're not
actually I was really funny went to this
perfume counter and there's like far for
within there none of them what we've
been remotely interested just like
gossiping because it came along like I
was like getting perfume on dry
underneath the next life yeah
browsing browsing rough just landed
I'm feeling fresh as a daisy
lots of
so we're home about 200 ok was sleeping
that day like oh no god I missed you
haven't seen you in a while maybe three
days okay so we are officially home and
as you can hear and see I'm feeling like
shiz right now for the fly zones
hey it's a flight made through the to
our directory home deep traffic oh no
the flight was wha I mean top five white
flies in my life yeah we will get into
now say that for another complainy day
um but i just want to say that our
friends Gemma and Matt Gemma from the
YouTube channel gems maquillage I'm
gonna link her channel down below please
go show that lady some love because her
and her boyfriend Matt alright Oh Cape
Race yeah okay bracelet I will link that
album down below no no listen to it it's
a good holiday they were the ones who
are watching Reggie for the past three
days and it really helped us out and
they took such good care of Reggie like
seriously did an excellent job like
anytime jamming Matt you wanna watch
Reggie you know the doors always open
and they left just like this really nice
long note and stuff so anyway I'm too
tired to actually talk more about that
but I just want to say thank you to
Gemini thank you very much guys I was
thinking for looking after the house so
well it looks spotless yeah it's so
clean Jemma like did the laundry and
stuff maybe she's like a part-time
cleaner part-time Reggie watcher okay so
I just took some nyquil and I'm falling
asleep so I was catch you on the flip
side before we go then guess what came
in the mail
woo this is Aslan's new thing Nita Peeta
line waiting for this about 16 weeks in
the mail
a neater feeder for Reggie because
Reggie is such a mess yeah okay I will
give you updates about where this thing
works I know okay so wrapping it up
bye bye guys Jim and Matt were pretty
cool but I'm pretty happy to have my
real parents back but you know Gemma and
Matt are pretty cool they're my aunts
and uncles so okay bye I gotta go see if
they'll be in every nothing I wasn't
really expecting anyone to be seen by
downstairs if you know what I'm sayin
ladies I'm gonna say so should be fun
thank Mike a little hairy
