good morning day one officially in
Istanbul full day one today's going to
be a jam-packed day of mosque souq
market kebab fest and we're gonna be at
it all day climbing those hills so let's
stop here we are back in the away again
and just look at all the creepy but I
must first think is the key atmosphere
we're heading across the the bridge here
into the old part of town by smartly as
well the Blue Mosque and maybe the
Topeka I think Topeka palace today
things on the agenda and also the reason
why bullets you'd probably don't know
what time it is but 11:00 in the morning
11:30 actually because I was filming a
video it's a travel makeup routine it'll
be up next week yeah so that's what I've
been doing all morning thankfully
Aslan's been
we tempers were high on my part I
actually am very sorry about that that's
okay it's stressful when you don't have
their setup that you use yeah building
videos very very stressed yeah you
probably can't hear a word I'm saying
but here's the view it's a really really
nice day I think the most enjoyable
thing at any Asian country it's what we
crossing the street you know nothing
like normal Street crossing and kind of
like you kind of have to be a little bit
crazy to do it okay so let's see when we
think we can go maybe this now okay so
it stays right here we're gonna go
together fine
we'll follow this this is a local
gentleman right next to us so we'll be
following his lead don't you fall okay
let's go let's go down okay here we go
no no that wasn't too bad no no nice any
we're trying to make our way across this
bridge and now we're fascinated by the
fact that there's actually all these
little shops underneath the bridge which
is pretty cool so we walked underneath
and then yeah right and I just realized
as well that everybody here is fishing
which is really cool I wonder what
they're catching obviously fish but I
wonder what kind so many people fishing
like tons and tons of people all along
this bridge which is your
have to say it slightly concerned
the bridge keep bouncing up and down and
I'm like it's okay to collapse or one
after quite a long trek oh yeah
we are going to be Grand Bazaar there it
is see the sign and I think it's just
like well as you'd expect a bazaar lots
of love it's meant to be like one of the
prettiest markets in the world
yeah and it I mean we've gone through so
much already
yes look guys a faux Celine so here we
are I'm probably the butcher this Bay as
he's gotta it's like hey just a fist I'm
surfing the Grand Bazaar it this place
that does amazing amazing meatballs
apparently and it's even featured in the
final where chefs eat so it's got to be
good yeah we're doing okay these
meatballs but chicken these are the
famous pork meatballs so I'm gonna try
it
so the sandwich is ready and oh my god
looks amazing so got this really
interesting stuff here which is like
guessing like a Turkish muscle but it's
stronger than English mustard that's
really intense but I'm really nice time
oh my god it's gonna be oh my gosh even
abundant yeah okay we were typical
Turkish hospitality has got some
desserts on the house yeah oh yeah so
pretty much to finish the meal and oh my
god
it was so good so the meatballs here
they're like really good texture and the
reason that give that exit because then
I'm put into a mince machine because
they chop it up super funny yeah my god
it was like yeah and it was like juicy
still a really good texture to it yeah
really good I like I loved it yeah oh
definitely alright so nice yeah the guy
was he was he was telling us all about
how we make sense that's a suitable
really give us the time of day
you could literally spend days and days
in here they've got so much stuff place
up number two of the day the Blue Mosque
and we are kind of on the outskirts
going around as the dome and it is
indeed blue I confirm you can confirm it
is blue oh yeah
lovely Gardens very quiet and relaxing
especially after the hustle and bustle
of the market this is what you need
water was tucked into my payback mine
jeans the whole time that's okay I'm
sorry I can oh yeah I didn't realize
that my halt I went to this one and my
little sweater was talked into the ball
of my jeans or ass like the team that
did not notice that sorry you did do not
did not notice them anyway why are you
where's go and hand because I'm in a
mosque yeah we're in the Blue Mosque it
is very beautiful very large as you can
see it's still a working practicing
elixir it is truly kind of living
history before us very old mosque what's
fascinating to me thing to me is these a
really huge curved circular light
chandeliers incredible so we did the
Blue Mosque was lovely
very serene very beautiful I started
watching it I know these guys going on
vacuuming and I like the world's longest
vacuuming for ever likely to get like
200 meters long
like the whole width of the mosque is
like the POE plug was plugged in on one
end and you was like on the other end it
was very badly so now we are going back
over to the northern side over the
bridge because we want to sample some of
the finest baklava so apparently we
spread it right on the line and also the
guy who rented the place represent this
is the best place it is simple Isis
wanna quickly say that the street nearby
the mosque is specializing in a metal
buckles it's like shops and shops that
just just saw metal buckles crazy I'm so
excited so I can finally finally get
myself some be by DJ Eric you know I
always told people dr. Dre he's just
ripping off BJ Eric you know he be a DJ
Eric the first one the first to make the
amazing be by DJ
this Subway's very busy is it very oh
yeah
everything different toys watches
anything everything good football here
not alike great football so many
fishermen it's crazy so many hey
karak√∂y cool or blue and we're here to
get some serious Bluff of our love
finally have some of the best buckle
around them
so here we are here's all the baklava oh
my God look at this this is incredible
Wow and you can tell this place is good
is so popular you got just filled a
buffer then we've got some from portion
services portion service and then
there's self service I don't know what
the difference is but we got a postal
service but regardless this
let's have trouble but I will just say
once crying oh yeah look at this and
it's very I stay not missing this
opportunity to Instagram absolutely not
yeah of course he's not on your fine
fine happy no and I've caught two
chocolates my health
have you enjoyed mustachio
yeah these are my try this bride likes
Tasha this one is
Oh
clarifying road pricing situation a guy
hit by a train
Oh
so after an hour so chilling out it's
time for dinner time and Aslan has found
that apparently the best kebab number I
mean one of the best very well reviewed
very well reviewed kebab place that
we're going to right now I think it's
like a half hour walk and yeah I just
finished uploading my cooking video on
se button finally it works this internet
I've been at it all day I'm calling it
my power protein soup and it's just like
vegetables lots of beans tomato stuff
like that so vegetarian basically it
really good so let's go get the kebab
right
we came across this place called jihadi
and if you remember in Rome I was
obsessed stale of jell-o I loved you
Lonnie but is this how could it be the
same like is it just a ripoff of it or
is it real I think we you know mom says
it's the same the story was inspired by
Jelani but all the thoughts and
everything I'm saying yeah Juancho joke
I had to get one going are we eating
first of it get rid underway back
well is it gonna be open who knows I
might just get a smaller time Missy
guys I think it's the same it tastes
pretty good he's really good it's the
same pretty much the same not exactly
say but mmm
so good take your spoon and try it
I don't know this is a love song going
on here or what
anyway this street in particular is so
busy oh I just kicked somebody's shoe um
it's so busy and it's like such a big
city bustling feeling it's really really
cool I guess this is like the Oxford
Street of Istanbul I honestly cannot get
over how busy this is look at ya
so really is what a weekend off dude
yeah and this is like a bit like the
evening on a weekday which is it's
Monday today is it yeah so I mean it's
pretty busy my mom was telling me that
it circles the 3rd largest city in the
world
in the world so yeah it kind of makes
sense so we're getting down you know
what we're going to try gonna check for
something anyway while he's checking
I'll show you what I got
focus focus so underneath this bread is
a shish chicken shish looks really good
lamb shish nice ok what's it called do
we
it's called Bluebird utakata Massey I am
beyond obsessed with all of these little
teacups that they have here they all
come with like different little plates
and stuff and I am not leaving without
my own little set so cute and cute
little mini spoons too right iyslah's
going to get some ice cream
apparently this is a trick
yeah yeah
okay
how do they do this father
I wonder if the ice-cream actually
tastes good or
I'm getting this orange juice oh my gosh
they have orange juice and pomegranate
juice and it is delicious
right before bed I couldn't resist I
need one of these in my kitchen I'll
tell you that much so it is 9:30 at
night and the girls are just chilling at
home and Aslan is gone a night on the
town not really he's going to get a bath
but it's basically where you go into
this heated room and somebody washes you
and like exfoliates your entire body so
you have to go separately like men and
women can't go in at the same time so in
the nighttime
the men can go and in the morning women
can go so we're waiting to see how Aslan
likes it and if he liked it
we're gonna go tomorrow morning but yeah
he's still not home so I must be lovin
it so I just want to I'm just telling
you where he is so that when he comes
home you'll know what we're talking
about so he's lovely really nice the
place is like super chic very kind of
like super clean a minimal varnish you
look 10 years younger thank you yeah
they should have seen the guy was like
doing this special scrubbing mitt and
that those like rows of dead skin on my
body it's kind of gross my god you're so
soft how mom Oh
so what tell me you were naked well they
give you like a towel thing and then the
worst of it is when you sit down he like
takes a towel with you but when you when
you kind of you're starting off taste
I'll if you sit down and he kind of
drapes in a white shape over your chunk
that's about it I think that's the worst
you don't know really showing anything
off and they told they tell you
specifically the beginning if you want
to you can leave your underwear on or if
you want to take them off up to you at
no point are they like in there anything
so even if you leave your underwear on
it's a big deal Wow so now my mom sorry
I'm like halfway through washing I'm
actually flossing my teeth right now I'm
doing it I'm doing the whole thing are
you doing it tomorrow my mom's like
really doesn't want her sneeze on show
are you gonna do it mom I'm gonna think
about she's gonna think about it that's
a yes people so I'm
get up today's vlog I'm wrapping it up
with my floss and I'll see you tomorrow
morning when I'm gonna go get I'm gonna
have a bath but somebody else is gonna
do it for me weird concept but I'm up
for it bye just go on your plane and I
know the seats right here nothing so I
am actually gonna be editing my videos
and reading my book by lena dunham book
