good morning Reggie what are you doing
stretching okay let's see if I can make
him Oh didn't even have to do much whoa
what's going on my hair hey buddy this
petting session will probably go on for
like another 20 minutes so be right back
Reggie why are my sunglasses still on
you asked well I don't have a good
reason actually just there we go
hey actually I feel like I probably
still have sleep in my eyes like I
didn't even wash my face this morning I
just like woke up so you've got that to
look at just do other people call it
sleep like you know when you wake up in
the morning and you have like sleep in
your eyes I don't know another word for
because I'd like gross stuff in your
eyes I know my grandma always called it
sleep she said oh you've got a bitch
asleep in your eyes I see so I'm gonna
feed Reggie okay just got out of the
shower did my hair did my makeup I
actually put somewhat of an effort into
my makeup today you like it I like
really yeah do me do it yeah it's a new
I'm surprised you notice it's a new
she's like Arabian primer thing that I'm
loving what are you making an egg a
little egg honey I don't know what I
want I'm gonna make breakfast though now
because we've got a long journey ahead
of us it's like an hour's drive to this
like special vet where Reggie's gonna
get his x-ray so maybe yeah we don't
he's gonna actually get back sir we'll
see what happens anyway so make
breakfast all right Reggie button it's
time to go to the vets and hopefully
they can sort you out are you ready to
rumble doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo
Oh who's they okay I wasn't really gonna
do an outfit of the day because I knew
sprang missing crap at an early where I
like it it's what I wear so this is my
old navy coat from cause that I love to
pop that car ever since I can remember
Oh baby oh is it cause no no this is
cause but it's my old coat room cause
and it's navy as I was saying ever since
I can remember I've been popping my
Icona pop and pop my collar pop and pop
my collar there's nothing that's being
gangster no Brown jump on it now yeah so
anyway I've got this like camel colored
jumper on my regular ripped jeans which
I actually haven't worn in a long time
my furry slip-ons
and this is my mulberry Alexa bag the
last time I put this in a blog post to
be like wide you've got up overnight
yeah this was a birthday present a
couple of years ago and yes it's a
beautifui I absolutely love it we're
just driving and we see this place chair
bears it's got a massive chair in front
of it hope you can see that we're
driving through the countryside and it's
so nice isn't it yeah it's such a change
of pace to London there's like nobody
around there's like no cars do you think
you could ever live in the country
yeah I grew up in the country for a lot
of my knowledge I put some of my life
and I am a firm believer that I will
never go back to the country I hated
living in the country then I I know I
would hate the only place where I kind
of would like would be living near a
larger city like you know never like in
the middle of nowhere
yeah like this in the middle of nowhere
this literally 40 minutes yeah but it
feels like okay so we just got here and
we're like in countries there's like a
ducks and swans and chickens and hens
and stuff obviously we're not gonna let
Reggie oh please she will attack them
you actually he would go for it
definitely I don't know if you can see
these chickens but Reggie has found them
and he is like trying to get these well
are these chickens or hens or what I
don't know you know what I'm saying
that's so cool there's like a scarecrow
and everything around here this is like
this like proper country style isn't it
so a little update on the stitch I'm
trying not to get emotional oh my god I
knew it I just knew it was gonna come
out eventually
fine listen I am just I just hate okay
just give me time give me time I can't I
can't talk about it okay well basically
it's not even a big deal I'm just yeah
yeah the guy said that definitely
something in his Paul he doesn't think
it's a joint issue he doesn't think it's
arthritis or anything there's definitely
something in is poor and they need to
find out what it is so in order to do
that they need to do an x-ray and I have
to put him under anesthetic for that and
he says it's probably good to put on
anaesthetic because no matter what
happens they probably gonna have to go
in and take out whatever they see if
there is something that they see so
they'll just once he's on anaesthetic
could they'll just do the little so
anyway apparently the whole thing takes
two hours so we've got two hours to kill
and yeah I'm gonna try to honestly when
we were in there and the guy of the vet
who the vet is so nice when the vet was
like saying okay he's gonna come with me
now I just almost lost it right then and
there yeah I'm just I hate it okay so I
just got a call from the vets and
said and this is the first time I was
once hearing this as well so she said
that they did the x-ray and they
couldn't actually find anything inside
there wasn't any like glass or anything
on the inside and so what they think is
maybe something went in and came back
out or it's the beginning of a corn so
she basically said that they took like a
scalpel and like removed all that dry
dead skin and stuff there and they've
dressed like dressed it but he should be
keeping this bandage on this paw for
three weeks now god he's gonna hate that
but he's still sleeping now so we can go
back in about an hour
so I don't know yeah and apparently he
should be on these antibiotics as well
yeah she kept saying the word cheesy
she's like if the leg bandage gets wet
they're like wound could get cheesy and
I was like no that's like such a
descriptive word dude so at least
there's like nothing in his paws that's
like big or anything like that we're at
the post office
trying to figure out these machines here
you weren't supposed possible so what
are the last time use the self-serve
machines I was like cuz they're freaking
complicated anyway the guy like taught
me how to use it and then like I went in
there there was like a line up with like
30 like 30 people there like 15 people
and there was like no one at the
self-serve things that's what we did I
mean it is kind of complicated when you
get into international for Parcells
trust me it is resting is fine domestic
was fine though so yeah I'm glad I did
that now we're going to Tesco
we're kind of hungry and we need a
couple other things well we need to have
a girl just say it it's disgusting
time we poop you know stuff like that
happens okay oh my god pumpkin season
here we'll have to carve some pumpkins
one of these days we're just saying we
use so much garlic we should probably
just get one of these things yeah I know
okay what's in the basket so far
something you probably don't know about
me is that I hate cold food heat cold
sandwiches and that's like the only
thing you can get in the UK supermarkets
it's like a cold salad with a cold
sandwich or something so I'm struggling
I'm struggling here I've got some
berries but that ain't gonna cut it you
know oh my god dairy milk Oreo I think I
need to try this and they have a dime
coos look Oreo Dairy Milk diamond Oreo
oh wow I should get both or just you
know just to try it for research besides
this is what I like to call a vlog it's
like for content purposes you know like
I don't really even want it it's just
like for the vlog so we bought the
groceries and everything
oh my gosh I forgot the one thing that I
actually wanted to get which was both
magazine because I didn't you probably
already know this but so we had a
feature in this magazine and she like
did like a photo shooting everything
with em are we gonna get killed by this
boss
it's a miserable miserable day out here
it's like pouring rain and freezing
anyway she had a feature this magazine
that I really wanted to see it I know
it's the kind of creepy I'm like keeping
it for my records but I wanted to like
read the article and support her yeah
I'll look at that later quick detour to
Tunbridge Wells shopping centers if I
had to pee
interesting little shopping center roll
I think it's Royal Victoria please I
believe this is where you grew up
a lot of your life oh yeah I went to
school around every Sunday
what did you get into lots of trouble
here okay so we just picked up little
Reggie oh this is a sad sight you've got
like his foot all bandaged up and
apparently he's got to keep the bandages
on for the next three or four weeks
which is crazy oh here the Ducks he's
still kind of dozy but he's mostly
snapped out of it but he was like quite
scared I would say she's pretty dozy
it's pretty dozy and just kind of not
really himself so yeah they said like he
should be fine though in general and we
have some like medicine for him to take
so we're just gonna see how it goes
really I just saw poor guy he's been
through the friggin wringer so anyway
we're just heading home now anything
else
no I just hope he doesn't choose bandage
too much yeah that's the thing because
this is the type of bandage that
apparently we can't just change so it
has to be done by a vet so yeah if you
choose it and we've got to take him to
the bed basically immediately after it
was like but we did get him a cone
but I didn't want to put the cone on him
in the car cuz then he can't sleep so oh
it's just like a backbone hound Reggie's
he's out of it the portal died
completely out of it
yeah he like doesn't even know like you
didn't even go to his bed or anything
like he's just like so what you'd even
know your name seems better when you pet
him though like it calms up a bedroom
the brighter side he does have a very
fashionable very fashionable covering
for his par camera you got that going
for you Reggie I mean I know it's like
just his paw it could be so much worse
you know for him but like any time any
sort of surgery or whatever it's really
well just the anaesthetic I think you
know it's not good to see him I kind of
end up being himself yeah
so it's been a few hours I feel like I
haven't really updated you what did have
I been doing
oh yeah I filmed the video that's gonna
be up tomorrow it's a drugstore - so I
have to do while I filmed it and I have
to edit it tonight as well so I've got a
crack on with that and yeah just wash my
face and how Aslan's making like dinner
which is really nice he's making a
chicken breast and he already made the
salad which looks so good here's the
salad yeah we're just doing okay he's
still kind of snapping out of it but he
didn't eat some of his dinner which is
really good because he wasn't really
eating before yes so do you wanna wrap
it up for here graphic I always say
here I think I'm gonna wrap it up for
now I've got to look inside to edit them
fede video edit this vlog and yeah just
keep an eye on Reggie see how he goes so
I'll see you in the next vlog the next
time I see will actually be the day my
mom gets here so that should nobody
sangs I'm very exciting times I just
wish Reggie was in like top form Brown
jr. but in his cheeky self what can you
do you know cheeky chappie fall yeah one
last little peek of Reggie he's standing
up oh but you can see it is just like
not not his usual self poor boy
so we're just gonna try to be nice and
just like you know well obviously we're
always nice but just like relaxed with
him and just chill out with him so he
can feel the love everything's okay
buddy okay so I will see you guys in the
next vlog bye bye guys I'm very sorry
for my shells but else you sure you must
know I feel like there's something in my
throat if I can't get my throat's
closing I know that to worry but I think
I'm having like an allergic reaction not
a big deal don't worry I'm making a
bigger deal out of this and electrodes
that you
