good morning yeah I'm talking to you
yeah I'm talking to you dog
he's so beautiful I don't know I'm just
like panning over Reggie I'm just like
good good boy good boy good morning it
is
8:26 on Saturday the 4th of October and
we're taking this boy for a walk let's
roll
stretch it out work it work it work it
you're free what are you gonna do with
your newfound freedom Reggie what are
you gonna do see he's not limping today
now well yet anyway
he normally doesn't limp in the morning
just kind of like in the afternoon when
he gets his Paul get sore a little bit
now he's limping a little now being the
idiot that I am I forgot the keys inside
so we are locked out and this happens
very frequently I just forget because
I'm carrying so many things my phone my
camera bags for Reggie well that's it
that's it Oh my camera
thanks for Reggie that's it that's
actually it but those are the things I
try to remember and then I forget the
most important thing my keys so our
friend has a set of key so we're trading
for him to come by and let us in
okay we've made it we're back in so
embarrassing again um I'm gonna make
bacon and eggs that is what Aslan and I
want because it's now 9:30 so it's been
like an hour since we wanted to eat so
so you've got bacon we've got eggs
hopefully these are so good see ya
17th of October and I've put some
raspberries and blueberries I'm gonna
make a pot of tea as well
I'm just steeping this tea Oh just
steeping this tea the gloriousness of
that and it's going to be good if you
can believe it this meal is for two
people yes it's a lot also since we're
eating in the living room we just don't
want to damage this table so we've got
the tea towels on board this is so
uninstall anyway eggs cheese toast bacon
eggs and this glorious tea and
raspberries
sometimes on a Saturday morning it's
just
Sam you excited yeah it's gonna be good
and is also prepared by Miss se mu yes
it was gonna be exited and I never cook
so yeah we're just sitting at the table
talking about all the embarrassing shiz
that's happened to us recently how do I
wear this I called my neighbor oh
there's a husband and wife and I
freaking called the husband the woman's
name didn't even know it until right now
until Azzam was like yeah you called him
the wife's name like I was like oh god
that's embarrassing he's walking away
like oh my wife's name I'm just like to
sell out of it and then the other thing
that happened as I went to get my hair
cut last week as you know I've logged
that day I didn't even tell you what
happened the day I was vlogging so so
frankly but I was like getting my hair
done and she was just about to take no
she took the tape off and then I was
about to stand up and I dropped my phone
so then I bent down to get my phone and
meanwhile my arms are like going like
this all around the frickin floor trying
to find the phone I have my face like
beet red because my head's been down
there was so long as I never stand up I
smoked my head on the counter I was like
this and I was like dad I was like oh my
god I'm so frigging smoked my head on
the counter and then I was like it's
okay alright and everybody this one was
staring at me I go my god okay and I was
like just drop it just drop it oh boy I
was leading my hairdressers like you
sure you okay I'm just like yes so you
essentially you're looking for a new
head out now now I can't go back because
you should know go back maybe not
probably like the most embarrassing
thing that's happened not even to us
recently but it's so embarrassing that
kind of does feel where the energy is we
were driving along it was like in the
city and this guy in there like in a
suit like a nice briefcase he was
running along and he like triple felt
like face first on the floor like yeah
no bad like so by hearing that the slap
like it was like a really good like
meaty like like you know on the mind
when I was so bad I like the bad thing
about is like he like he got up and he
was like trying to make it seem like I
was this wasn't bad so obviously it was
it was like really intentional and then
like yeah and then he's just like
walking along this is like kind of like
limping won't be long and it was funny
cause like everyone at the light and as
a light went green he was walking along
and it was like bad traffic so we were
like following him a lot
yeah like 200 meters really is like a
walking pace on this traffic when you
can tell you just walking off he is just
like put the bugs out oh yeah this is
life and the other thing that happened
the other day oh my god our lives are so
embarrassing but long story short I
won't tell you but we had to shake
somebody's hand and this is how the guy
who shook our hand you beat me I'll be
the guy okay okay okay all right okay he
was like oh hey this is tried to like
ever and then if I Nilsa winked at you
and he was doing weight it was like yeah
why my defense I also did the cool crab
but only because I it's not normal to
shake somebody's hand three times in the
space of two minutes now it's not yeah a
handshake anyway that's it it's
embarrassing - okay let's go clean this
up and get on another day you did smoked
your head pretty bad didn't you yeah
okay I should really trim the wick on
this candle but it's been burning all
pretty much all day long it's this dip
teak rose that's what I'm gonna go with
it's so nice I think it was limited
edition I should actually probably put a
coaster underneath this dang try to find
a coaster together no coasters here
here's the poster by the way this stuff
here it was for a Twitter giveaway so
I've been occasionally doing Twitter
giveaways follow me on Twitter I've
already chosen the winner for that one
though okay put this coaster here if I
can lift this up its scalding hot there
we go
yeah I think it was limited edition but
it's so nice it smells like rose and
here are my - well this came with the
magazine and two magazines if I'm going
to be reading tonight very clear and
Elle I am very excited to relax with
those tonight as for me I've been doing
housework
am doing laundry and basically my mom's
coming on Wednesday so I'm trying to get
her little space organized here that as
one's hanging up a picture so yeah lots
of stuff going on usually honestly I
didn't think we were doing anything
today I thought today is like I thought
today was a really lazy day but it's not
turning out to be so yeah for Reggie
though he's having a lazy day he's like
every day is your lazy day for me so
yeah oh okay so I ordered some stuff
from Zara the other day and it came and
I'm deciding about keeping this what do
you think oh it's not backwards yeah
it's on backwards hang on just gonna
make all the difference oh wait no
definitely wasn't on backwards
hey work with me here it is it's a it's
a hood but it's a scarf at the same time
what do you think can I pull this off
where would I ever wear something like
this but I really like it I feel like
it's kind of Canadian and before you go
up in arms its faux fur so yeah Sun was
kind of wintry I know you can wear it
down as well so it's like a scarf I know
tell me should I return that or keep s
just taking Reggie for a quick walk but
I wanted to show you my new teks I
decided to go for like a more muted pink
and actually this is to help spread
breast cancer awareness so that's really
good they included a little note with my
shoes and it said that apparently if
breast cancer is detected early that the
survival rate is over 95% so yeah also
if you're wondering what I'm wearing
don't judge me
you know I look cozy this is another
Zara number I'm just obsessed with the
faux fur lately
I'm just raw I'm just going with it I'll
just leave it just in case you wanted to
see this in all of its glory just look
at this beautiful on the website and
they don't have this exact one anymore
they have it in gray it's just like the
most coziest little thing ever I don't
know what is going on
but you know whatever yeah it's just
like a super cozy thing and I just
wanted to have it to walk Reggie so yeah
when you put the hood up it's like
excuse me while I walk through my
wardrobe to Narnia but definitely was
not anticipating going into Nando's but
that's what do it now so I really would
not have worn this free cape if I was
going into public life here we go time
to eat we didn't go to Nando's we went
to this other place called chimichenga
Jamaica chimichanga
but nachos and wings and should we tell
the story of what just freakin happened
to us so we sit down at the restaurant
right and it's like kind of busy here
and stuff okay it's probably gonna take
40 pages let's go get the car together
and just hope foods
right it's just like 20 minutes with the
car but now we're saying we find it odd
restaurateur - computo peace out come
back I've never sat at restaurant
ordered and left me come back okay in my
defense this is why I didn't because I
he was busy here
like different amenities
take a watch the food
we have to go to the car
so oh well it must be a fishing here
vegetarian burrito time is manga this is
essentially a burrito but then they fry
it so it's extra crunchy now it's good
yeah okay messy whoo okay finally got
the car so we're heading home I'm
chewing on some gum I know that really
grosses people out but if you must know
I feel like there's something in my
throat look I can't even do that my
throat's closing I know that's weird but
I think I'm having like an allergic
reaction not a big deal don't worry by
making a bigger deal out of it than it
is what my throat did you okay blowing
oh no all right Reggie's had his dinner
had his walk mr. lucky boy and what the
hell is going on here what is going on
Justin back is the kitchen floor is
finished yep so just huh Thanks so it's
five o'clock in out I don't know what
we're gonna do for the rest of the night
honestly I didn't get much as far as
like housework done today because it
took quite a while to drive down there
but I'm gonna just like continue on with
laundry organize things I thought just
like an organizing day today really
isn't it um anything else we need to do
tonight really no yeah just get things
together and so I can feel a little Zen
you know I'm just packaging up two
products I flipped it over so you can't
see their addresses but um to give away
items so that's good so this was from
the Twitter giveaway this was from
actually my August Beauty favorites I
know that's a long time ago I was
waiting for something to come in the
mail for the August beauty favorites
giveaway for ages but I emailed her and
she knows and she that's fine so now I'm
gonna mail those on Monday so I'm just
trying to get that together I'm still
waiting to hear back from two other
winners and then I'll package up their
prizes too hopefully they get back to me
plate oh my god Reggie you need a
haircut buddy
so we have the sheepskin and as like a
joke I put on Reggie anyway he's loving
it and he just like I put it on him and
all he did was flopped over and started
snoozing again oh is his new blanket oh
he's now maybe realized what it is
things are getting wild again tea Reggie
magazines including the boots Christmas
catalog and my book that I'm still
reading called girlboss I'm also wearing
my fuzzy socks I am loving life right
now people loving it this could be some
very boring information for some of you
but some of you might find this
interesting so if you're a regular
viewer of my beauty channel you'll know
that I love the Maybelline age rewind
concealer okay so I bought my original
one in Canada it's in the shade fair
sweet so I finished that up I used it up
and I looked all over London for another
one and I couldn't find it in the shade
fair but I found it in the shade called
light and that's the lightest shade in
the UK so I was like probably the same
like same shade same color but different
name anyway I've been using it for the
past week or so and I'm like it looks
okay and stuff but it's definitely a
different color it's a pretty dark so
I'm just talking to my mom
alaa I'm like texting right now I'm like
can you like get me this concealer and
stuff like that she's like oh what else
you want from the drugstore I was like
and then she sends me this picture here
that she took in Walmart the other day
she's like just for your records like
here here's what else is on offer and I
was like what is that one in the white
packaging there's a Maybelline age
rewind in the white packaging so I was
like sweet can you pick me one of those
up and then I was thinking okay I like
the concealer so much maybe I should try
the foundation so I'm really excited
that my mom's gonna be hooking me up
with the Maybelline trio I'm not sure if
I'm gonna like the foundation though
just because I remember vaguely looking
while I was there last you don't say um
and it didn't seem like the shades would
go with my skin it's always so hard to
tell with drugstore foundations though
but I'm trying to find a nice good
drugstore foundation although I did find
one recently that I'll be talking about
on my beauty channel soon anyway I know
that's really boring information but
then the exciting life that I live on a
Saturday night oh by the way as when
hates when I do this I like rest my tea
against the SOPA like that luckily he's
not in the room so I can do what I want
hit I do what I want anyway but okay
that's the laundry machine going
I better go do that because I have the
type of laundry machine that just beeps
and beeps and beeps for like three and a
half hours like it won't stop beeping so
I'm just gonna get up right now and deal
with it not much is going on so I think
I'm gonna wrap up this vlog I'm not sure
if I'm vlogging tomorrow tomorrow Sunday
and did I already say that I'm vlogging
every other day in October I think so
but today is like an extra day but if I
decide to vlog extra then I'll just log
extra but in general it's every other
day
anyway I'm gonna wrap it up I will see
about logging tomorrow I think there's
like nothing going on toaster kinda
boring um they asked me to wrap it up
I'll see you in the next video you just
ranch from all the way over there okay
so I'll see you later bye see you guys
yeah I'm having have a good one I'll see
you later I'm going to bed back so it's
just me you and Reggie and I just need
to eat something fast so I bought some
ravioli pasta and we'll see if I even
have the strength to make that I'm just
hungry check out these guns Oh
