Hey hi good morning it's me it's 7:10
710 in the morning and I'm exhausted I'm
so sleepy for some reason yeah just
walking raging the board last night as
well the night we're watching American
Horror Story
we just started season two and then he
got a phone call and he had to go out
and this was at like 10 o'clock at night
so then you think you can try to go I'll
be like a couple hours no saying okay
and then he like he left and I was like
home alone I was just like oh my god I'm
terrified shows so good though the show
is so so good
but yeah I'm hoping season two's as good
as season one Reggie has completely
taken over my blanket I wasn't you buddy
haven't you Oh
cue deep so it is the third of October
it's 8:30 9:00 in the morning and we've
got to get going unfortunately this is
not when we're taking Reggie to the beds
because they're not open now obviously
so I've actually got to go and get my
car serviced I don't even know what that
even entails but I think they're gonna
change the oil and just like do an
overall brake check and something so I'm
like that so that's where I'm going and
then when I come back we're gonna take
Aslan I mean take as listen to the vet
take Reggie to the vet super quick OTD
my glasses Dida magnifique this is my
new navy Topshop sweater really nice so
it's got a fuzz on it but what the hell
get off and my cheap Monday jeans and my
first look free slip ons I was like what
do they call furry slip ons so when I
was shopping with Amelia the other day I
bought this dip teak perfume it's called
oh do well and it's the one Amelia
always wears whenever I'm around her I'm
like home I breathe it in Oh Joelle it's
so nice but we actually went to a
diptych event in ages ago must have been
like over a year ago or something and I
bought a perfume and she bought Oh dwell
and I thought I bought owed well as well
but I bought I ended up buying a
different one but I didn't even know it
till I got home
but so ever since that invent I've
wanted to get this and then we were in
space okay yesterday I was like you know
I'm just gonna freakin get oh do well
because it's such a nice autumn scent
like I love it and I showed as Lenin it
was like it's actually a very unisex
scent he's like maybe I could even
wearing him like you ain't touchin my
new perfume I've been sitting in the
same London traffic jam for like ten
minutes now oh the joys the joys of city
driving anyway it says I still have 38
minutes to get there so hopefully it is
38 minutes I'm not two and a half hours
free Chelsey I am looking into this cute
little barber shop I just there's
something about barber shops they're
just kind of interesting places probably
cuz I've never really been in one anyway
okay okay long time no see sorry
Reggie's ping blurb at out throughout
the same place where we adopted Reggie
in the first place and they we called
and they said that they would take a
look at his paw it took ages to get here
like over an hour so he's just waiting
to be seen investigating everything do
you remember coming here and thinking oh
yeah like oh we're gonna get a dog today
yeah look at this poor boy come on buddy
oh come on buddy you can walk you can do
it come on he doesn't know how to walk
with this bandage on poor little guy he
doesn't know how to do it it's breaking
my heart actually breaking my word yeah
he's got it now it's fine so
unfortunately she didn't actually fix
the problem so at first she thought it
could have been a core in a bowl and she
was kind of like going around and like
looking at it and everything like that
but she says that he might have
something actually stuck in his paw and
we've actually booked an appointment on
Monday for a bet where they will do an
x-ray but it's not the first that we
took him to it's a specialized Greyhound
vet and she was just saying that when
you have a greyhound you have to take it
to a vet that knows about greyhounds so
spritz my little heart but anyway she
just put the bandage on just to make his
foot more comfortable so that when he's
walking well meanwhile I can't even walk
with this day
the special solution yeah yeah come on
money let's go going home come on you
can do it might have to carry him come
on let's go now he's gone oh he stuff
just as I started recording he's trying
to bite this thing off when we're going
now in the car
you can do it tough love poor boy she
said that this is a pretty common thing
with greyhounds just like when they're
walking on pavement and stuff it's like
a little piece of something got stuck in
there that happens but oh this poor guy
I just hate seeing him like this you
just can't believe it and on a
completely different note I'm kind of
stressed out because I have a gym
session at 3 o'clock that I booked and
it's 2 o'clock now and we are definitely
not going to be able to make it in time
which has is obviously not as important
as Reggie's well-being just hopping
around I just want him to be completely
better but it gives me hope that she
says that it's not like it's not gonna
be a big problem basically that's good
ok I'm really really super late and I
have to fill up my water bottle where is
it Oh God
yes I'm gonna try to find something in
the kitchen to just quickly shovel into
my mouth because I'm absolutely starving
and I can't open up how water water
there we go
yeah and I'm off to the gym now to get
my workout on
how are you doing buddy boy how are you
feeling so just to give a quick little
recap I just got back from the gym I'm
trying to feed Reggie and vlogging the
same time I just got back from the gym
and when I got home I wasn't had to go
out when I got home Reggie's led full
leg like all the bad news were kind of
like ripped off and in some parts of his
leg it looks like a little bit bloody so
you'd been like really gnawing at the
bandage to come off anyway so then I
took the bandage off and I decided to
just take him for a quick walk but he
didn't really want to walk anywhere that
being said he's not actually limping as
much so honestly at this point I don't
know what to do with this little guy
poor boy first things first just feed
him is dinner and wait to go to the bath
on Monday then just chill out with him
now today some type of like a chaotic
day I don't know if that's coming across
in the vlog but yeah we've been just
kind of like all over the place
basically and so I think no I'm just
going to eat because I haven't even had
lunch and just chill take a few minutes
to just chillax and sorry I'm not really
thinking clearly because I haven't eaten
so let's eat Reggie you still happy
that's the only thing the other thing is
that his food bowl is in the living room
because we were getting the kitchen
floors done so well this poor guy I did
stop by the grocery store after my
workout and I'm gonna make myself dinner
I think Aslan's gonna be home a little
bit later tonight so it's just me you
and Reggie and I just need to eat
something fast so I bought some ravioli
pasta and we'll see I thought I even
have the strength to make that I'm just
hungry check out these guns Oh
not really but I'm trying I'm working on
it okay here's my dinner it's kind of a
sad sight well it's not really but the
presentation is a little bit off as I'm
a laugh so hard when he sees that
because he's always like making
everything perfect I just quickly
steamed some vegetables made the ravioli
added some pesto that is it and before I
eat them I just wanted to show you this
drawing well it's actually it's a little
trial or yeah it's like with watercolor
pencils I think that someone made for me
I don't know she wants her name
disclosed but she wrote me a really nice
card and she she's a teacher actually
and she made this to show her class like
how to draw fabric and different type of
textures and stuff and it looks exactly
like this boy right here doesn't it she
don't eat it and I thought it was so
nice she put it in this frame and she
sent it to me and it is I absolutely
love it so it's gonna stay right here in
the kitchen beside the almond so thank
you so much I've already thanked you via
email but um yeah I don't know if you
want your name shown but yeah thank you
so much I absolutely loved it and it
really captures Reggie don't you think
now it's time to eat I'm finally back in
my natural habitat on the couch with a
cup of tea and Reggie's also in his
natural habitat he's taken over my
blanket so it's now 6:30 and I'm going
to upload a beauty video well it's
actually a fashion video it's like an
autumn I guess they call it an autumn
lookbook but it's really just five
outfits I put together so I'm gonna
upload that now hopefully I can get it
up tonight it I also have a blog post
coming up so yeah sorry today wasn't
like super interesting but this is just
like a regular well this isn't a regular
day this is like kind of chaotic for the
record my entire body is so sore so yeah
I'm just gonna drink my tea and hope
this upload uploads quickly oh just for
the film and then I was like oh got an
email that I have to reply to you know
what we're putting the email on hold
because I'm really I am down
have a good time since there's like a
friggin huge helicopter out there right
now I thought I'd go through a few ask
se questions so I'm all zu Twitter I'm
searching it up ask SC and I'm just
gonna go through and answer a few
questions just because I know today's
video was like slightly dull and I
really have nothing else to report for
this evening so let's do an ask SC I
wonder who is the cam and Mitch of you
and Aslan um that is so easy I'm a
hundred percent cam I am the one who's
always like little like all over the
place and as one is always like very
composed and he's always like the voice
of reason and I'm just I'm just not what
are your favorite red lip products I
love Lady danger by Mac and I also well
the other day I wore one by Charlotte
Tilbury
I keep it was called lost cherry I kept
calling it love cherry but it's lost
cherry and that is amazing what Canadian
food would you want in the UK well my
mom is actually coming to London um on
Wednesday and she was like okay what do
you want me to bring you and I was like
I made a huge list it's all junk food of
course so I made a list of ketchup chips
dill pickle chips and she's also
bringing Tim bits from Tim Hortons which
I'm very excited about what is my advice
for a long-distance relationship that's
actually a really funny thing because
the other night Assin and I were looking
through old photos and letters and stuff
and it just feels like so long ago that
we didn't live together I mean we
celebrated five years together which
everybody knows but I just I just can't
remember at the time before that I don't
know I just feels like it didn't even
happen but it did happen so as on an IRA
long-distance for almost an entire year
before well we were low in distance for
ten months before we even met in real
life because we met on the internet and
he used to send me so many postcards
he's just send me a postcard every
single day and
if I'm letting you in on a little secret
I'm actually gonna be doing a little
video potentially about well I don't
give too much away but it should be good
yeah so he used to write me like tons of
letters love letters and I used to write
him tons of letters we stood Skype all
the time and call all the time and email
and stuff like that I think just like
try to keep the conversation going like
obviously you know if you want to yeah
we were just in touch all the time not
physically
what size are your feet I have a size 6
UK feet which is pretty big for my
height considering I'm five foot two and
a half I know I've just always had big
feet for my height and in the USA it's a
size 9 ok for some reason I can't load
these freakin tweets it's not loading
it's like stop loading it's not letting
me scroll through anymore what else can
I talk about today what can I fill you
guys in on um I I don't know this is
something that's been on my mind lately
I am just so happy for so many youtubers
at the moment I'm not going to name any
names but there have been a few
youtubers here sure lots people know who
I'm talking about who have just been
doing insane things like such amazing
cool things and I've just been thinking
like how awesome it is and I'm just so
happy for everybody you know who I am
surrounded by who gets to do really cool
things I just think it's really nice to
be able to be happy for other people
I think that's something I've learned as
I've been growing up you know like just
being happy for other people is the best
feeling ever even though it's not
happening to you when you're happy for
someone else
and you feel happy for that person
whoever it is maybe it's just me I don't
know but it makes me happy it fills me
up to know other people are doing well I
just think it's good energy basically I
just think it's really good energy and
positive energy to be able to be happy
for other people so that's something
that has been on my mind what else can I
talk about American Horror Story that
show
has me wrapped around its little finger
it was walking Reggie was it this
morning yet this morning and our
neighborhood is so eerie I was saying to
Azen I was like it's so creepy around
here because it has a lot of history and
it's London I don't know maybe just
because I did grow up in London but it
still feels like a movie set to me so
this morning this old lady honest to god
she must have been like 150 years old
she said to me good morning dear and oh
I honestly thought are you dead or alive
because I'm so screwed up from this show
I don't know who he's dead newly alive I
shouldn't even be talking about this
because I'm home alone right now and I
think terrified just even thinking about
it but that show is made me think of
like things in a completely different
way I'm like Aslan doesn't believe in
ghosts
I don't know do you guys believe in
ghosts or spirits
let's get that conversation started in
the comments I honestly don't know what
to believe anymore it seems like no
there can't be a such thing as ghosts
but I think that I don't know I think
there is a such thing as spirits and you
know let's not get talking about it too
much it's like you're like freaked out
anyway that's probably enough talking
for me I'm just gonna take a little
breather all right my new outfit post
just went live on my blog I called it
nice and Navy it's hard to think of a
title for these things but yeah I wore
this in the last blow you may remember
and this is the outfit post if you want
to read that you can check that on the
blog I'll link it down below I also just
uploaded this video 5 automotive it's
well it's not uploaded yet it's going up
at 8 p.m. tonight
which is in 20 minutes I really like
this video actually here's a little look
at the still if that piques your
interest 5 autumn outfits although
there's only 4 in this picture but you
know there will be 5 in the video I
think I'm gonna wrap it up here for the
evening it's been fun I might blow up
tomorrow as well I'm not entirely sure
we're not doing too much anyway but I'm
just like really liking I'm really
liking vlogging I'm really enjoying
vlogging I'm really yeah I'm really
enjoying blogging so I might vlog
tomorrow - no promises but since it is
vlog Tober I might I normally do every
other day that's just the way I like to
do it but if I feel like
more I made love more so I could
potentially see you tomorrow and wrap it
up but I'll see you later bye bye guys
see you later I'm pretty sleepy son -
see you tomorrow bye so the strobe is
really cute we didn't get anything
against both of us an athletic on a skin
care and body care overload with that
being said we are heading to space in
cave
