hello everyone so I am gonna vlog today
just because I thought why not I am
actually late I'm heading to the gym I
have a little gym session that I'll be
doing I feel like the hour before you've
got to go to the gym is I always like
the worst hour of your life
I just spend the whole time trying to
psych myself up for it but anyway
there's Reggie hey beautiful
Richie wait you're Dale reg is actually
going to the vet today to get his paw
looked at as one's gonna take him while
I'm at the gym and yeah hopefully he'll
be better soon we'll see poor little boy
I think he's got a corn we did some
research and I think he's got a corn on
his paw and basically they just remove
it apparently so hopefully he gets it
removed yeah okay so I'm off to the gym
now I will report back when I'm home
so I just walked in the door I should
probably take my sunglasses off Oh guys
I'm looking and feeling rough that was
quite the workout that was probably the
hardest one that I've done in my life
you can barely move right now I mean I
stopped at Tesco on the way home I'm
gonna try to turn my music off stuff it
test on the way home and you know how
like when you workout as soon as you're
done no I can't gonna eat so healthy for
the rest of the week so I went to Tesco
and I bought all this healthy food no I
usually do eat it like right after my
workout so hopefully we can keep on the
health of bandwagon but should I just do
a quick little grocery haul why not I
see as one's been eating this got me big
Frank I think this was a hotdog a gummy
hotdog so he's not on the healthy
bandwagon okay so what did I get I got
these nectarines I got three bananas the
green kind I only like green bananas
it's not weird I got these olives I love
these olives they're like the finest
selection but my favorite ones are these
big ones
I got some soup as well I'm not sure how
healthy this actually is but sometimes
when you're in a bind and you don't know
what to eat this could be good so it's
vine ripened tomato and lentil soup
seemed good
my favorite kind of lettuce it's the
crispy sweet lettuce I just usually put
that in wraps and stuff and I got these
vegetables which I'm gonna eat tonight
for dinner potentially so yeah that
should be good
piccolo tomatoes some chicken some deli
wraps some raspberries and since you've
already seen them tampons
hey awkward except not awkward at all
because you know that happens sometimes
well once a month okay oh yeah so that's
what I got a Tesco anyway I'm gonna go
to shower get ready for the day and try
to try to be not so sweaty
one more thing I'm super excited because
this book just came in the mail I
ordered it a while ago it took ages to
get here I have so many books I want to
read but this was at the top of my list
so I will let everyone know how this
goes probably on my main channel if
I love it okay surprise I'm out of the
house and I'm also very out of breath
I'm heading well I'm already here in
Soho it's almost in the morning I've
been running late like a headless
chicken so I the next time I see you
I'll have my hair cut fancy meeting you
here what what are you doing here or did
we planned this do recon then no this
was a plan
I forgot that I brought my hat today I
wanted to put on yeah well I thought
yeah hey do you want to see yes this is
too big yeah but you can order it online
no I know I hurt to say though isn't it
it is how much smaller it's a nice coat
though so I'm just in here because I had
to return a couple of things but really
Amelia and I are meeting for food
because I am absolutely starving oh yeah
and I got my hair cut you probably can't
tell it's just like a little oh there's
just like a little bit shorter but
anyway so we are at duke of york's
square and we're at come to our lebanese
my favorite place and we've got got a
delicious chicken wrap some salad hummus
lab now which is yogurt and fattoush
thank you and we also got the bees which
is called of Rosa
we've both got one it's like a rose
lemonade it's so good no I know I don't
mind
I know it's good though yeah so we're
gonna eat this and by the way I'm still
in my hat I'm feeling like a little bit
of a socialite right now I feel like I
have like something really
I think we're gonna go into this store
here or tiga RT gia Ortiz you do you
gotta say it or tedious but it's got
this cool cheat on the outside and I've
already seen this place and I've always
wanted to go in so first times for
everything so the store was really cute
we didn't get anything because both of
us are just like on skin care and body
care overload and with that being said
we are heading to Space NK we're in
brandy melville getting yeah this one
right here yeah well you can't really
tell it's the coziest video yeah and I
saw Amelia wearing it once and I was
like I need that hoodie and finally the
hoodies money so it's almost five
o'clock now and I just got out of my
meeting I didn't actually tell you guys
that I had a meeting but I had a meeting
and it took quite a while I was like two
hours but anyway I'm going home now and
I think that I might be over dinner not
too sure yet but I'm gonna make my way
home now okay so I'm home and as you see
I just took my makeup off it's like
night 6:30 7:00 that night so I'm pretty
beat as was just making us dinner which
is really nice he's there cooking nice
one
oh I forgot to update you about grad G
so basically I'm when I uh took him to
the vet the vet was like Jim will really
know what it was and wanted to do an
x-ray of this paw which would involve
Reggie going under like what's
anesthesia anestis that right in the
center and aesthetic so basically we're
gonna get a second opinion on Friday
we're gonna go get a second opinion and
then we might potentially even get a
third opinion on Monday because I just
don't want to put him under unless we
absolutely have to so we're gonna see
and we're actually taking him to a
specialized Greyhound vet on Friday so
we'll see like we'll see what happens
there but he seems fine anyway but
definitely get it checked out other than
that
other than that I will be doing with
Walt Ober if you have the figures out
but I'm gonna do every other day in
October it's gonna be a fun month I've
got some fun things planned and yeah I'm
really tired if you do story out for my
energy it's just ranged so I'm gonna
wrap it up for here wrap up for now for
now for here and I'll see you in the
next vlog Tober chicken legend tasty
sweet and sour chicken snack
chewy chocolate cookie
