so this morning we woke up super super
early like 7:00 a.m. and it's Sunday the
so I've already walked Reggie as you saw
and I just got out of the shower and did
my makeup so what the hell are we doing
awake at 9:00 a.m. on a Sunday what are
you eating
oh my gosh my breakfast so what are we
doing though yeah another car boots Oh
whoo another car boot sales also we're
getting our floors redone long long
story um but the biggest problem we're
having is Reggie's paw you see we don't
know what's going on with you so
basically a couple weeks ago he was
having trouble with his paw and he was
limping like this was like it was like
last month
yeah so then we took Reggie to the vet
and we told the vet that he's limping
and there's something wrong with his paw
and then the vet basically looked at him
and said there was nothing wrong with
him that he could see but he gave him
some pain medication and said like if it
doesn't go away then come back so he had
the medication and then Reggie was fine
for like almost a month and now this
morning out of nowhere he just randomly
started limping again so he does have a
little mark on his floor so maybe is a
kind that's why they call it the corn
yeah he has like a small little blister
type of thing on his foot but he's had
that for a while and the vet didn't
really seem too concerned with it so
we're gonna definitely have to take you
to the vet tomorrow morning first thing
buddy Oh Reggie I know I hate you but
personality-wise he's himself no you
know he's not like emotional walking
around yeah he's like any food Oh Reggie
another thing is that my last Beauty
video apparently wasn't going into some
people's subscription boxes and uh it's
so annoying as a youtuber when that
happens because you work so hard to
create this video that nobody sees it
well some people saw it but you know a
lot of people said that they didn't see
it anyway here's the video
it's an autumn evening routine with a
DIY
which I and it was such a good tea like
let me just tell you I was so impressed
with myself that I could make this tea
so click this little box right here or
will be linked in the description box
and you can watch my latest Beauty
videos part of the autumn trilogy series
check it out
we get out of the car I don't know where
the hell I then pick this up wrong way I
massage like a really prepare pretty big
drama is going on right now because we
can't find our table normally they have
a table and they write your name on top
of the table and we don't have a table
I'm gonna say table another 25 times
yeah so as one's going up to talk to the
person about getting us a table
fun times there's some sort of rehearsal
going on in here so we've got the joy of
looping through that all day well so we
don't have a table we do have a prime
location and apparently they're bringing
a table so yeah people are still setting
up I'm not too worried about it a little
bit worried they've really taken this to
the next level they've actually been
like screaming at the top of her lungs a
few things we're selling do you remember
this botanical print it was in our old
place I'm sad to see it go but we just
don't have a place to put it and then
this I don't know if we had this at the
last car-boot that what this is actually
a chai tea set that we got in India I
just hate parting with things I'm such a
hoarder we're also getting rid of some
of our I think they're called GLAAD 'ln
GLAAD 'ln gladden where some pot that's
pottery pottery what am I saying
planters aside to see those go to hoe
cutout fish and Aslan's leather bags are
back as well as my suitcase I'm gonna
part with it hopefully I can sell it
today but it said very sad what in the
actual hell is going on behind these
doors it's like 9 o'clock on a Sunday
this is round two people I've heard the
song before today already
okay I don't know if you guys can see
this but the gates have just open and
people are properly running sprinting in
here that is crazy I guess we will just
do anything for a deal but this is like
insane to me oh my god I can't get over
this can you it's funny honey but but
this is the kind of place where you get
here out of you my accent yeah that's
true it's just funny and they're off
the people are in I gives me like such
stress in my life I don't know why I
just like hate selling stuff I just
stand back and like try to act
relatively normal meanwhile I got these
freaking rockers in here my god
well I've just blown all of my profits
on this ring but I've been looking for
an amber ring for ages and ages and this
one is so unique I think it's so cool
and the lady who sold it to me it was
really nice she says it's been ditch I
don't really know I think it probably is
but I'm really care but I'll give it a
little shine when I get home there you
go anyway now we're gonna eat these
bacon BAPS and with some water there we
go so I'm looking at 20 pounds but what
does this 20 pounds represent
unfortunately it represents my floral
suitcase that I just sold I didn't want
to part with it you remember the last
car boot sale blog I didn't want to sell
it but you know what I actually feel
okay about it because the girl who
bought it was just like so nice and the
type of person that I'd wanted solitude
that sounds horrible but I know that
she's the type of person who will really
cherish it and take care of it because
she looked so excited when she saw it so
oh god they just I'm such a hoarder but
20 pounds you know there you go sad sad
day for me you know when you have it's
just a thing but it has memories
attached to it I should like do a video
montage of all the pictures of me with
the suit so we're trying to sell this
bread bin again and this guy comes out
to us and he's like how much is the
bread bit and then we told him and then
he's like well what about this poster
how much does this poster and then as
when like said the price the post I
think the guy was like oh my god it's
three times the price the bread bin yes
different price for a different item so
now like we're just gonna start pricing
things in bread bins so like that table
over there is like four times the price
of the bread bin that's our new and I've
bit of pricing so we've we've made
friends Emil let me say hi it's a nice
birthday today and Louie over here as
well and listen what are you showing us
we bought a set of
these are actually original email
father's like when you get dryer yeah
see if we got on inside and want reason
with you may you be like well we have a
variety of reason for body they were
fasting they were price forty pounds
fifteen okay do they tell you the two
the one I'm one of them is just for
extra extra bulbs so what we were
thinking is stripping a part of this box
yeah I'm using the maybe is lighting
from Roman in a party
I see so put them up against the walls
and have UV light effect in the Rose not
like a strobe but like okay yeah it's
another one of the lights so you're
gonna start a bonsai tree growing
business what we're back home walking
Richie and his paw although he was
limping earlier it seems to be getting
slightly better now that he's walking
again but definitely still gonna make
him an appointment at the vet and in
fact we might go to a specialty
Greyhound beds just to see all right so
we just did the tally and we didn't make
as much money as last time around is me
no not as much we still made a fair
amount and of course but my phone's
going and of course it's all going
towards the greyhounds because we love
the gray house yeah especially this one
right here yeah poor boy Oh
anyway we are gonna be making some lunch
now and we just want something really
quick and easy so as one has this spicy
Calabresi sausage ravioli pasta and he's
gonna make that that actually looks
really good you know when you get just
like kind of like kind of like gonna
faint
so you kind of gotta eat you know that's
kind of what I'm gonna get right now
so I'm gonna have a big glass of water
and eat the pasta so I just wanted to
give my ring a little
clean and I have this stuff silver
Sparkle I have it in my own little
cleaning supply kit here's my ring so
let's just see here what this says place
your silver jewelry in the dipping thing
make sure it's immersed blah blah blah
check after two minutes and repeat
he seems simple enough just plop that in
and check back and I have this little
toothbrush thing to clean it with so
let's see how this goes oh snap I should
have done it before and after oh well
you saw it before anyway okay so it's
been two ish minutes let me just remove
this does it even look cleaner that is
the question let's scrub-a-dub-dub this
bad boy okay so here's the finished ring
you might not be able to tell really in
this light but it's definitely cleaner
so two minutes well-spent I think ice
lemon is making some meatballs
and they're so slightly smelly I didn't
know you could smell something that was
spicy but it is really change locations
just down there chilling with Reggie and
I'm about to film a voiceover with my
microphone thing so I'm gonna do that
really quickly my tea is heating up well
the kettles heating up and I'm gonna
drink my tea do my voiceover hey Reggie
it has been Aslan's life goal to spoon
with Reggie and it's finally happening
it's finally happening he's just like
really comfortable I guess now with us
she's giving spooned Reggie is really
big like considering as one is six foot
three pretty much you can tell how long
he is but I'm talking about the dog
still okay I forgot to mention that on
the way home from the car boot sale we
stopped to get the Sunday Telegraph
because inside is Stella magazine but
you find it here it's actually really
cool it's like an entire Beauty related
like a little insert in there oh there's
Anna and Tonya and Roose okay it's 40
must-read beauty blogs and there I am
which is so crazy it's so cool I've
already tweeted and instagrammed about
this but it's really cool so it has a
list of all of their top picks if you
didn't get a chance to see this I'll
hold it there for a minute so yeah it's
really really cool anyway I'm really
excited that I was featured in there
that is really freaking cool so yeah
Stella now I'm gonna go make my tea for
realsies and then I'm going to read my
book now that is what I'm talking about
oh god I love Sunday so much oh and my
nails are chipping but ignore that I
might actually paint them later tonight
we'll see so we're back in the car
because our life never stops with the
excitement the excitement never stops so
I feel like we've been doing lots of
selling of our stuff but it's actually
more of a decluttering thing we've been
trying to declutter our lives and just
get rid of things that we have is the
music so as I've actually managed to
sell a chair that he had so he actually
sold that on gumtree so we're just going
to meet the guy to hand over the goods
wasn't planning on coming actually I was
actually on the couch reading my book
and I'm still in the clip with no makeup
but I thought I'd keep Aslan company and
I always liked driving around London
anyway especially when it's coming to
night time and on like a Sunday night
it's not super busy so it's nice for me
to people-watch and just take in this
beautiful city so I really have to
report for now
I appreciate you coming oh good we're
just like chillin and late listening to
music all night we meet again in this
creepy elevator
we're always been held free to this
creepy creamy card you got me million
and soon you guys see it creepy tom
hollie yeah oh my god its pitch black so
creepy I hate storage places why are we
in the McDonald's drive-through right
now I don't know it just kind of
happened
I'm actually really thirsty was just
water yeah so we're trying to read out
in our best announcers voices the things
so I went chicken legend big tasty I
can't think of you a nike happy meal
like a Moloch only his child sweet and
sour chicken snack ride
chewy chocolate cookie so every now and
then we rotate Reggie's toys and he
hasn't seen this pillow pet in a long
time and he is so happy to see it
this was actually given to me by a
viewer which was really nice yeah this
one is I mean in better days any today
we'd like patch this up with something
Oh Ritchie's happy yeah we brought the
vulture back to guess who's back back I
just like don't you dare take them I
won't hate we are gonna watch American
Horror Story yeah what did you tell me
you don't want to watch it without me so
I'm not much you know like cuz I started
watching it last night I watched three
episodes in a row and it was terrifying
like I was so scared like I'm scared of
everything but the show is like good at
the same time I watched it with her as
well kind of half watching it but it did
seem quite scary
yes yeah it seemed good there's a good
amount of raunchiness in there yeah it's
enjoyable for everybody um yeah and
Reggie just farted oh is that you could
be me could be him what is it smelly
let's not let's not do this right now
anyway I think we're gonna wrap it up
for now and we will see you in the next
vlog anything else say no okay bye bye
bye guys see you later I'll catch you on
the flipside
don't worry about my pom I'm gonna get
it fixed you know biggie okay okay bye
day
I think it's because you're shorter it
needs to be a little bit long on me - oh
who knows but I really like it
