I'm starting to think sandals were the
wrong Footwear choice because it is
freezing isn't it Richie that's not
really but it's cold in bare feet Reggie
sees a squirrel so let's just see if he
goes after it I hope he doesn't uh-oh
there's two squirrels Reggie this is
serious self-control there he goes
did you chase after that score sometimes
I think like simple pleasure for him you
know
gotta let him run every now and then oh
there you go he's going crazy today he's
just excited hey finally got home that
was like the longest walk ever it was
like probably close to an hour if not 45
minutes but Reggie really do not like it
that's way too long for him he prefers
the 15-minute walk but usually we drag
him on a 20-minute walk um yeah I just
kept running into people like talking to
me people talking to me go figure
but Sunday mornings I'm usually like a
really friendly time in the park there's
this old guy he must have been like
almost 80 and he was just talking about
how he's been feeding the birds for 20
years and talking about Reggie and his
dog and she's really nice you know to
stop and smell the roses I think it
could be quite nice yeah Reggie's like
okay can you just shut up and beat me
please breakfast is some toast with
peanut butter of course that's kind and
an apple and of course I have my tea yes
yes yes and I'm watching dr. Phil
obviously
you go
so it's noon and I've already to go
Reggie's just had a little walk around
the block and now he's stumbling in for
a treat he knows the treats are in there
Reggie you know I might give up a treat
anyway it's Sunday and the man deserves
it he go ryoichi here you go Tinky
Reggie Thank You tree I know this is
really gross guys it's a pig's ear
Ritchie take your cheap take your treat
be gentle and take it take it Reggie
take your treat so excited that he
doesn't want to take it yeah okay I'll
put it down you want your treat
he likes to have lots of space there you
go I know this dog like the back of my
hand
it's Cray all right so I'm going to meet
Amelia actually first stop is Topshop
because I have to return something I
know I just returned something the other
day but when I was there I bought
something and I didn't try it on and it
didn't fit right well it fit but I just
thought I don't made this so I'm
returning that and then I might have
some more time to kill before seeing
Amelia but uh we'll see oh I found a
Melia in my favorite spot in London Oh
daddy's it is gonna focus and Amelia
what's the question you have today
she
always double up on the coffee scratch
and go it's like chickens again
it's really really good it's like a
chicken yeah
can I just say you look freaking fab
today you look amazing you feel like you
need to breathe
yeah like good no that's not why you
just look great you just look great this
is all my face
and Amelia has her first phone Nettie's
Roma in those eyes that's the eye emoji
yeah yeah there's the t22 you've seen as
many of times and oh my god cakes I got
this pickles
I love these pickles you see me and many
times pounce on you we're going to dig
in you know forget the blogpost we are
so full I'm like I can feel a little bit
child:yeah
stomach we're going this way we're going
to Oxford Circus right yes is that where
do you want to go shopping
yeah I don't have any particular I want
to hit up Zara and a few other places
okay should we do a little outfit of the
day okay can I do you for okay I'm just
hitting on Amelia all damn day
she works amazing okay so talk us
through okay so this top is from three
people yeah this is like my black
message like from H&M tonight you know
just whatever and then the interest on
for my sister's covered I think they're
from like H&M really nice I really want
to get a pair of like leather leather
trousers like yeah gorgeous boots and my
friend very very nice nice sunglasses
those are new to my sister's doll today
so I just stole oh my god I know I wish
I did sister okay tell us what's going
on here say I can't do
even public ok Topshop
I haven't actually wore this jacket
since Dalitz yeah it's really good I
actually copied este on that one's like
a nice sweet jacket t-shirt is from week
day week day necklace jeans are cheap
Monday and my boots I loved it in other
stories oh these are so comfortable no
blisters I might like boring old college
tote bag because I knew read me shopping
so go to have a tote yeah I got
hepatitis I just yeah I gotta say I feel
uncomfortable that is how Amelia and I
take it Instagram yeah
now you was like oh I just posted a
picture of my food so I need to break it
up with a selfie I was like I feel you
girl something about this British flag I
just love it when I see it sparkling up
there I don't know how's that been here
forever
I don't know but I feel it's been here
since I moved here maybe I don't know
but I like it Carnaby Street so Amelia
and I heard some music
and started running great blood footage
so here we go
Topshop I've already been here today are
you looking for anything in particular
today so I was at Toffler this morning
and this is the dress that I returned
even though I loved it I knew I wouldn't
wear it and then Amelia walks in she's
like oh my god she's getting it I have
to say I'm Joe I'm so Joe but I know I
won't wear it but it's gorgeous
really nice same Sheik different day
pretty much how I feel next up hmm okay
good no cars cars this way look at
beautiful Oxford Circus do you love this
city or what yeah I love it today for
some reason
I knew it look busy best for Sunday it's
like surprising yeah be brought through
circus this is pretty dead so we're
shopping we're at HM let's see
and so we're actually going down the
escalator you're like those Michaels I
have no much turn around early listen
but she said she's finished Oliver
yes I think you should do it so if you
think Nancy should start a blog channel
and a blog just just let us know and you
can read those comics anything you're
like okay I'm gonna do it so we are
obsessed with this coke come in the
mirror look at us it is better sizes
yeah we think we need smaller salon yes
but they only have this size so yeah
such a cattle too right oh wow EGC raise
the cattle uh yeah so I might order this
online I think you love it I love it
it's that we both legitimate like just
went straight for the coat we're back in
the same coat together oh my god that is
made for you yeah
Amelia's like it so sexual you have to
get it so let's go look in the mirror
I'm just absolute wreck right now lady I
feel like it's just round two
you oh my god
I think it's cuz you're shorter it needs
to be a little but it's quite long on me
too
Oh kunos but I really like it I'll think
about it so feelin spendy is happening
Amelia you're contagious with that I got
a pair of boots and coat and her feeling
good so now we're going into selvages
and
going to Charlotte Tilbury makeup stand
of course we need a little pick-me-up so
we decided to get some fruit as you can
see s that's me this is like a raspberry
black currant thing it's like juice and
tea and it's really good it's first time
I've had it I mean oh you got an ice
cream tea and we're just loving a little
snack right now we are feeling sleepy
I'm not feeling spongy feeling sleepy I
just got home and I'm gonna walk Reggie
I see Aslan in the car with a box of
Krispy Kreme oh my god and how many of
you eaten I ate 400 y89 our round trip
place Wow Wow
Mama's gonna be eating those later on
tonight you know I'm saying okay so you
had a long journey what were you doing
anyway uh my sister was going off to her
first date you need a yeah so I drove up
to Nene which is up more um yeah it was
very nice actually she seems too settled
in well yeah really good so I think
we're gonna end the vlog here both just
you know gonna relax and have a nice
Sunday together Reggie's having dinner
and that is it so I hope you enjoyed too
well give it a thumbs up if you did I
had a really good time shopping with
Amelia you didn't it's fun girls day oh
yeah yeah we were really tired toward
their periods
yeah always talk about like periods and
like nerves
exactly so I'm gonna wrap it up and I
will see you in the next vlog bye
Desmond I think there's Panzers in north
unbusinesslike
that's what - Nick I mean his boyfriend
is saying so I had
