good morning everybody I'm just waiting
for the elevator
I'm voice breaks I don't want to wake up
anybody in these rooms but just going
down the lobby for breakfast it's my
last day here in Germany and I'm very
hungry and I had no water in my room and
I was very thirsty and that's what we're
gonna go do now find some water find
some food this is my outfit if you care
green sweater black turtleneck black
jeans and my adidas gazelles okay
breakfast is done and we're getting back
on the bus guess I'm gonna get a good
spot
Nuremberg is looking a little grey today
unfortunately but it's still very pretty
another day as the adidas headquarters
and I think today we're gonna have a
presentation on the ultra boost now if
you guys know me you know I love my
ultra boost shoes most comfortable
things ever so we're gonna see what it's
all about it's like the special little
material and the shoes
and very frosty warning here so we just
get here and I see Santa who's like so
tall everybody here so thank you
oh it's so good to see you see I knew
you were here I'm like missing Germany
would be united to it happens Anna's
gonna train me in London I've been
putting it off and putting it off cuz
I'm like girl your teeth fit for me
gonna be embarrassing and telling you
guys if you're gonna nail this that's
the best hashtag hashtag personal best
and also Santa has a brand new book out
which I haven't received it I told my
agents under a coffee
well I didn't get it all right the
presentation is over and they gave us a
boost bowl this is a ball of boost
stress ball how many more times can i
say bulb
then here I'm like hey girl so we just
kind of get in here in front this is you
guys don't know
crazy product feedback session it was
really good actually and we told them
what we liked what we didn't like all
happen in this room but we couldn't
document it secret
speaking of top secret look where we are
now oh my god I don't even know if I'm
allowed to be filming here but this is
like basically where they innovate and
create cool new products so I guess this
type of treadmill thing is where they
test stuff Wow super cool so I'm the old
guy and they asked me to give a short
introduction about what innovation does
here a good thing is we have a huge
group of I think over 50 nationalities
nearly a hundred people there's people
coming in from industrial design people
who work in engineering people who have
a background as athletes I think
everyone has a background as an athlete
but there's also people working in
sports science and they try to to test a
product when you have a new material I
don't know did all of you experience
boost in your career so far the one
thing and so you know I find that Adi
Dassler
Sahib is obviously helped create all of
this and one thing he did when he left
us unfortunately the navy disk eliten so
this is his actual free
so we're going inside this chamber but
look you can see everybody going in you
can see their little temperatures I'm
gonna go in let's see quickly quickly
Here I am on the screen yes
I'm violating that's crazy look at my
weird teeth oh my god this is today's
lunch situation we've got Simon noodles
some Street potatoes and a little salad
well I couldn't really leave Germany
without I know everybody else is off to
Berlin unfortunately I just say on
behalf of the internet everybody's
obsessed with what you're doing on your
channel doing cool things you're awesome
I'm Vanessa I love YouTube and it's
really cool
in this space that I love like creators
like yourself so I'm new to it all but
really fun yeah I guess you're feeling
it that's it guys I'm done I'm leaving
out into the coldness once again heading
back to the car gonna go to the hotel
get all my stuff ready and then head to
the airport just manage to pack up all
of my things but it's time to check out
of the room but my taxi to the airport
isn't arriving for another hour so I'm
gonna go to the lobby
or a spot of tea and absolu I always
have to say spot of tea like that and
I'm just gonna do some more work on my
laptop which I've just been doing for
the past few minutes more work on my
laptop more editing more emails you know
about glamorous lifestyle I lead so I'm
gonna do that guys I found my super
happy place a big chair a cup of tea
laptop in-lap life is sweet life is good
just made it through a security in
Nuremberg and I have to say this airport
is really nice it's very quiet all right
chill down that's a little shops and
things like that but I think I'm going
to just find my gate actually going to
go to bought a whole bottle of water and
then pancakes okay so I have made it to
Amsterdam I don't think I told you guys
that I had a connecting flight it's
really weird I don't know if it was just
like super both stop or if it was just
like I thought the airport was too small
to go directly to London I don't know
but uh now I've got to figure out where
I'm gonna end up I'm actually never had
a connecting flight before okay like I
was very frantic in that last clip and
that is because I almost missed my
flight
it's my connecting flight I was like
literally one of the last people on I
got off my first flight and I had 20
minutes to get to my next one so it was
like running through the airport I had
to go through customs I can't believe I
made it anyway yeah I was gonna say that
was my first our connecting flight let
me tell you may be hectic anyway this is
my luggage trolley
right here not a trolley but melt a a
luggage belt sigh man oh there's my
suitcase right there I'm home I'm so
sleepy okay it's time to go to sleep but
I gotta kiss my favorite baby boy okay
guys that's it I really am going to
sleep well I'm gonna get a snack and
then I'm gonna go to sleep and I'll see
you in the next vlog miss
you
