good morning it is 7:45 on a Saturday we
just woke up because there is a really
it's not even that bad but there's a
thunderstorm and it's not even raining
but there's thunder and Reggie is scared
so we woke up we knew Reggie we'd be so
scared and when we came down he was just
like he was just like trembling in the
kitchen like shaking so much so I'm glad
we came down to like I think he feels
better when we're around do you think so
yeah I mean at least he knows that we're
here I may be taken on something anyway
here's Reggie just shaking away I heard
that you're not supposed to like pet
your dog if he's really scared of
thunderstorms like you're not supposed
to really do it because it kind of makes
them feel like they have some like they
have something to be scared about but
sometimes I just can't help it because
he's so scared do it some tea okay okay
okay by the way I got an a sauce order
and I haven't actually opened it up
properly I cuz I got it really late last
night and we went out for dinner last
night
oh that's another thing we went to meet
liquor last night meet like guys like a
place I've always heard of people are
like it's so good it's so good it was so
good but like in a really greasy way
like we got um chili cheese fries and oh
my god deep-fried pickles o-m-g
deep-fried pickles and I got
cheeseburger and as I got onion rings
and that's it we didn't get the chicken
wings everyone was like get the chicken
wings but like we knew we couldn't eat
it so there was no quick ordering um we
knew we couldn't what am i doing trying
to t yeah it was it was a good
experience definitely and check out
these beautiful flowers Aslan's mom and
sister sent them to me which I thought
was so nice they came in the mail I
won't on the mail but they were
delivered yesterday yesterday was
actually a villainized this anniversary
of being a couple and neither of us
remembered like we both just really
forgot that was that and then something
like the doorbell rang and I could hear
that it was flowers and I was like oh my
god you got me flowers but exactly from
your mom that she's my mother
and it wasn't the anniversary it was
first days birthday yeah in August very
and I thought that was like like you
don't mean to do that I don't know that
she's watching but you know it's like I
might completely forgotten about my
birthday like over and then when she's
got the flowers me I was like oh that's
so nice like who has a birthday that's
extent extend who has a birthday extend
to like the next month s EP we're gonna
see if Reggie will go out he's getting
his raincoat on now as we speak
well he's stretching that seems to be
good I think you look so cute in this
raincoat so I was making tea but as you
can see there's like a claw gajil shoe
there because it must have got what
anyway so I took the thing off and I was
just gonna like pour it onto a spoon
this is what happened
oh no okay
I gotta clean this out but I hope this
doesn't actually fall in that is a it
would be a sugary delight no let's see
if I can get this back in oh what a mess
what a mess
this mug is from Amelia by the way she
gave this to me actually also for my
birthday I'm still talking about my
birthday here today it's from I can't
say it but it's from which hard we told
we told ya they sell tea there I just
can't say with my accent if I would say
in my accident wait withered we took
with dart anyway it's like a giant mug
here's my hand for reference I don't
know it's really nice bug so yeah thanks
Amelia so I'm feeling a little more
normal now I just had a shower and did
my makeup in hair and blah blah blah
blah blah Athens in the shower now and
while he's getting ready I'm going to
try to record a voiceover for the first
autumn trilogy video
and so hopefully I can crank that out
within the next 15 minutes we shall see
boy summers are actually really hard for
me because I tried to like sound like a
normal person but you're just talking to
a microphone and you're looking at a
screen and it's like all very weird I
don't know youtuber problems but I'm
gonna try to act as normal as possible
so voiceover complete Reggie is keeping
me company
you go dog you're feeling better huh Oh
Richie you had quite an evening and
quite a morning oh poor boy your spin
your spin your boyfriend there you go
it usually makes you feel better seek
thanks and that Aslan's cooking in the
kitchen some pasta we got this sorry
this is temporarily unavailable that was
from something out light it sucks on
there cheese and smoked ham tortellini
and making your own pasta sauce whoa
what a girl wants wood girl needs we're
just driving and here is a big can of
beer Hey we're actually stuck in traffic
because there's some crazy shits going
on I don't know there's like really bad
traffic and we want to know this we
definitely have taken it too
yeah anyway we're going to a what do you
over to call it like a design show
yeah so it's London Design Week so
anybody know Lunn design week is
basically a week in the autumn where
lots of design firms kind of create
advance or you know the other they are
and there's a thing called tent going on
in any Sundin and it's basically where
lots of kind of upcoming designers
design brands doing big exhibition
together showing off their wares so
hopefully we make it there before it
closes today that like 9:00 a.m. yeah
and there's lots of tourists tourists
everywhere London London London we
finally made it and we're in
Spitalfields market area
yeah lots of people it's busy its
booming it's bustling buzzin so we're
going to try to locate this design thing
so it's just pretty much like any other
design exhibition that we go to but I
have I can already tell that it's like
different brands and stuff these are
kind of nice
yeah different look and by their comes
I've been wandering around
he's in his happy place are you finding
lots of stuff he like
like what's on offer it's like how
people go through like houses for sale
even when they're not buy a house yeah
people charging for something what are
you charging for I would think
incredibly interesting
I'm enjoying myself I like to
people-watch oh my god it's like a
fashion show going on up there let's see
just when I thought London Fashion Week
was over it's not okay here's the next
model coming up oh my god I could never
in a million years
do that that's probably why I'm not a
model
running out of things to talk about but
that's what I'm looking at right now so
we're walking down the street we left
Spitalfields burger because I want to
get a bagel and apparently it's down
that Street and then I ran into this red
lipstick movement that looks like a name
that suits you I think I don't know I
always associate that name with red
lipstick yourself I'm not making that up
that's true I'm firing okay so let's go
get this bagel apparently it's down
there and it is open yeah okay so let's
roll
Merida is hot bagels all night that is
my kind of night that is for sure this
place is busy busy busy and it's gonna
be delicious
we hear a few times that we always get
the selfie stick
I really can always oh yes Phillip we're
in New York I wish we wearing New York
night out I love them yeah oh here it is
in here oh my father bagel is double
pickles and no mustard for me because
it's English must never like it you
ready to eat it yeah and also got like
12 billion bagels to take home treat us
either right here okay here we are on
the streets on the streets of Brick Lane
yes we found 8000 yeah that's so P so
good really that it just falls apart so
easy these are the best bagels in London
but if any of you are watching no better
place please tell us there's nothing
there's Panzers in North on business if
I get that's what to Nick I mean it's
boyfriend was saying so this is always
confused me there's this bagel shop here
and that one over there just a few doors
down I know this is like the one the
actual one that people live rave about
and I know that because I was taken here
by a person that actually knows the
first time I came here that's that's
what I was taking to it but what's
what's up with that I mean this one was
established in 1885 upon which is a very
long time say they probably know a thing
or two about making bagels but I think
over by the same people is this as good
as the other one if you guys know and
let us know we're back home wait Benji
and he just had his walk oh great he's
so good
we also stopped by Tesco and we've got
like a million different types of beans
because I'm trying to have a lot more
protein in my diet and I'm gonna make
like a bean soup not a chili it's like a
bean soup I guess what's happening here
Mountain
Reggie's like don't mount me okay this
is getting too weird you call it bean
soup I call it a thoughts on eat it
Wow what are you doing I think editing
what a new video for the
this new mini town for the work so
what's the work tub what is it it sounds
amazing
the what cult is a really interesting
channel it's actually a channel or where
there's DIY and cooking videos and
cooking videos are green there's been
one cooking video up already and there's
gonna be DIY video up this Monday you
know what I have heard of the worktop
I'm pretty sure there's like a really
hot youtuber in charge of that yes that
right there like the hottest use you do
around the hottest youtuber on yeah I
thought they'd say okay right Wow
let's see this channel so yeah
youtube.com let's hit that worked out
oh whoa who's this guy what's this oh
wow oh my God look at this sound look at
the videos oh whoa
one secret video secret yeah you can
only get if you follow the GaN Twitter a
breakfast video oh my god three sweet
breakfast oh okay I'm not showing any
more you got to subscribe to the worktop
to see that so coming over the
youtube-dot-com forward-slash the
worktop grain channel check it out guys
okay we're just being very annoying but
exciting news as when started his own
channel yay I'm so proud of you for
doing that actually I'm so happy so he's
gonna be doing cooking and DIY videos
and perhaps some other stuff so go
support asthma and go subscribe to his
channel because it looks amazing I mean
I have to say that because he's right
here but I really mean it geez just
hanging out wanting to get scratched
sometimes he just does this like stands
right beside me he just wants to be
scratched oh what's going on there
TV I'm sick I don't really like it so I
ended up filming about a quarter of the
video couldn't actually get all of it
done today
unfortunately so yeah what I'm gonna do
now is just do some other stuff on my
laptop and watch TV and just have a
chill down evening and I'm kind of
hungry why am i hungry are you hungry
I'm starting to get there she'll be
there yeah so it's 6:30 and I think
we're gonna chill out for a bit so it's
my grandpa's birthday today did I say he
was 86 yeah I think he's 86 years old so
I'm gonna give
ring and see what's going on over there
in Canada oh my god grandpa's gonna love
it are you having a big birthday party
tonight grandpa knows how to use Skype
oh my god he's gonna love that that is
something that is crazy
yeah grandma what do you think of
aztlán and me and Reggie being so on
the Internet yeah yeah but Skype is like
really cool but grandpa are you excited
about the cake grandma's making you it's
gonna be pretty good oh I wish I was
there for the party but oh well yeah she
said that she's coming along so yeah I
you know I wish I could have the cake
mom's mowing the lawn okay so it's been
about an hour and I still have not moved
positions so I'm just gonna wrap up the
vlog now because nothing else exciting
it's gonna go on make sure you subscribe
to se button vlogs and come on back
tomorrow morning because I'm gonna have
another vlog up tomorrow's gonna be a
really fun girls day
I'm gonna hang out with Amelia and they
think we're gonna go shopping and I just
want to have a great day with her
together so yeah should be really fun so
come back tomorrow give this video a
thumbs up
go subscribe to us once in your channel
and we will see you tomorrow bye
well actually Iceland probably won't see
you tomorrow because he's gonna be away
it's just girls but I'll see you guys on
Monday though cuz you know nice little
plug there and Reggie we'll see you
later too so I alright so we just had
the pasta and I think both must be like
barely walk like it's so cool oh god so
good but I've got a head coach you talk
shop things like to return some weird
short things that I bought the other day
honestly I don't know what I was
thinking I just like really weird things
like
