good morning see hi Reggie he's like no
good morning everyone
hi I am it really is good morning
because I just got a shower it's
actually not morning what am I saying
it's 10:00 in the morning I wasn't
planning on vlogging today I was just
sitting at the kitchen table typing up a
blog post and I was like well why don't
I log today so we'll see what the world
takes us today I don't have too many
exciting things going on well I've got a
couple of things but yeah I don't know
we'll see you find us interesting Reggie
is just chilling out with Sven just
another day at the office for him and
yeah I I want to go do my makeup because
I look a little you know I look a little
disheveled so here's the thing so I was
photographing my makeup bag yesterday
it's down here isn't this cute so you
can check out the blog post but all my
makeup is here so I now have to go up to
my makeup room and do my makeup uh yeah
so let's go do my makeup
woo Reggie your makeup is flawless
flawless he's like tell me something I
don't know
makeup complete feeling a lot better now
I just need to sort out this hair but
it's still wet I've just been letting it
air dry because I've been drying it so
much lately but uh yeah we've got some
fuzz issues got some little issues there
so yeah I'm gonna fix that now I don't
know if I've mentioned this in the vlogs
yet but I'm trying to like you know get
more fit and stuff so I went to the gym
yesterday you know two days ago for the
first time in ages and I can barely move
like my body is still so sore and yes I
did stretch it's just like muscles were
used that haven't been used in a very
long time so anyway last night as one
and I which is like kind of went out we
didn't really do much but I popped into
sweaty Betty sweaty Betty here's the bag
and I got a couple of little items so I
might just do like a mini hole why not
right okay a lot of these things aren't
necessarily things that I'm actually
gonna work out and this is more so just
like take Reggie for a walk it's like
this bright fluorescent sweater that's
like fleece it's gonna be so so
and then I also got this hoodie if I can
show you it's just like a plain hoodie
but it has like this one of these necks
that goes like that does that make sense
probably not and then I also got this
little top which is just like a chilling
out like something I might wear to the
gym not at the gym and then I got a
couple of these tops these are some of
my favorites because they're really nice
breathable material yeah so they're just
like playing t-shirts but for some
reason I just like them so I got a black
one and then I got like this blue purple
one I got a few pair of socks too
because they're my favorite ones to like
workout in because they have like this
thicker ankle part so they don't slide
down your foot so yeah they're expensive
but I think they're worth it because
they work really well and I also got a
little sports bras well this isn't as
supportive as that other one I have
what's that called so yeah that's what I
got sweaty buddies really good I like
them a lot and yeah I will keep you
updated on my fitness journey I don't
work out I won't be able to work out
again for another couple of days because
I'm so sore but uh yeah we'll see how it
goes I'm just heating up some lunch I
actually it looks like I actually cook
this but no I didn't it's this like
thing that I got from Tesco my fit
lifestyle I don't know I just I like
teriyaki chicken and I got this today so
we will give it a go so it's got some
broccolini blah blah blah
I always think these things aren't
actually healthy I don't know maybe this
one is I haven't really looked into it
but we'll see how it tastes you know
right carrots broccoli and a mom main
tank alone said oh I just whipped this
up really quick can you just like why
don't you make that I was like oh like
we just had some stuff hanging around
he's like oh don't tell me you made that
with the five day old Chinese that was
in the fridge I was like good you got a
to go something I haven't tried again
let's try try it on camera yeah trying
director we don't normally eat in the
living room whatever you man I don't
know why you're even here I've never
done this but try it yeah
yeah yeah mmm good actually you would
have thought and you buddy what have you
been eating for lunch
what are you good to say but your lunch
meal is this it is this it right here
Reggie have you been taking boxes again
ripping them up yes you have little walk
for Reggie I don't know what the hail is
on my shoes I don't know if you can see
it but they're like got this like orange
stuff on it must be like pollen or
something from the park the other day oh
well I'm rocking it anyway so we're just
in the car now and I didn't only feel
like driving Zion listed as one to be my
chauffeur he's actually coming with me
because I'm going to speak on a panel
today I don't often speak on panels only
at VidCon I've done it and I've done a
couple other ones but this is like a
more casual I think a few other
youtubers and bloggers are gonna be on
it it's just like a pretty quick thing
pretty casual thing so I'm gonna go do
that and yeah hopefully I don't mess up
I'm just keeping it casual I'm not
getting too stressed but I think there's
gonna be quite a few people there
I think it's an industry talk I think
and yeah there's I think there's gonna
be like over 100 people okay yeah I mean
maybe that's not a lot of people to you
but like I don't know yeah
so we'll see how that goes we've got
some time to kill before the panel
everybody's over there like playing ping
pong and stuff crazy time soon Smith's
great lay back and I have lemonade by
the way for this entire video this
camera's been late on a weird zoom was
like a hundred frames per second for
some reason zooms it in someone's using
rats would anyway it's working now so oh
it's fine thank you oh and here just
dessert look at this I'm not having any
of this but no I think there's alcohol
in it isn't there something about look
here anyway I just won't like it but eat
up and then let's do this so the panel
is in a church and now we're in the
crypt I don't know if I'm supposed to
plug in here but I don't like it anyway
so I'm gonna go back upstairs
okay the panel is finito how did I do it
very well
I'm very impressed you handled it if you
handled it you born how to stuff I never
know how to
situation as soon as I have to act
normal on the inside I'm like yeah okay
so we're gonna find the car head home it
is boiling all the sudden yeah this is a
nice area where are we okay always okay
every time we go through Clerkenwell I
say the same thing like I was so nice
here Clarabel every time I need to leave
to Clerkenwell we have found ourselves
in ritzy Waitrose the most married later
very mirrors you know do you like when I
do these there is another side you get
the infinite tunnel oh yeah it's great
anyway we need some food and this was on
the way so why not and I wouldn't mind
getting those millionaire bites so focus
focus focus focus focus you know I am
NOT leaving this store without my
millionaire bites woo woo so we did find
a little juice bar and Waitrose which is
delish and say apple spinach la lemon
apple spinach lemon and it's really
really good so yeah we've got a cart
full of stiff we're gonna pay for this
and then head home with Reggie we just
got back from walking Reggie and he's
already back with his boyfriend spent
seriously adores Ben I'm just taking a
five minute let's see how long I have
I'm meeting my friend sauna I'm just
chewing a little millionaire bite don't
mind that I'm meeting my friend sauna at
6:45 we're having dinner together so
right now it's 5:30 and um yeah so I'll
probably leave soon we'll see cuz you
know traffic and whatnot not traffic I'm
not driving but like tube traffic
sometimes can take I don't even know
what I'm saying I'm so tired so I'm
gonna just take five I'll see you when I
see Sanne
these are some massive massive leaves
that have just fallen from the street
humungous leaves I feel like I'm in like
Jurassic Park or something but you
choose like exactly what you wanted and
they make it right for you which is
really
so yeah I went for the carbonara
obviously and fun I went for the pesto
yeah which looks really good and then
you like pay with your card it's all
very complex it looks gorgeous in real
life and this honest oh my god and guess
what he gave us double cheese so we just
had the pasta and I think both of us can
like barely walk like it's so God's so
good but I thought I'd go to Topshop see
just like to return some weird short
things that I bought the other day
honestly I don't know what I was
thinking I just like really weird things
like I don't know what they're called I
feel like capris basically anyway I
tried to vote when I got home and I was
like where the hell are you gonna wear
those so yeah this is the top trip
building like around the corner and
we're gonna head in there and actually
maybe we can go to boots quickly as well
yeah it's like a girl trying on hats as
you do son actually looks great in hats
really nice I I need a black hat that's
what I want but I don't know if I can
put up every time I put a hat on I just
feel like I look like I'm out of a
horror film or something emoji lovers
this is my favorite emoji and it's on a
freaking t-shirt and look at this one oh
my god that's so cool
I thought they were supposed to have new
emojis in July I know okay okay good
because I want yeah I need them in my
life
Oh guys you know I love kimonos these
are kimonos made from vintage materials
but in a more modern kimono style and I
might have to
I might it might be happening and they
also have these ones over here they're
like shorter ones
oh the brand is peekaboo in case you're
wondering focus focus
focus Brandon's peekaboo there you go
so just got home and as she's doing
god-knows-what on the floor they're
doing secret footage he was just playing
with Reggie see I'm home now and it is
time to go to sleep I wish it's only 9
p.m. but I'm going to bed soon yeah I'm
so sleepy yeah I haven't been sleeping
right I don't know I feel like I
probably say that in every vlog like I
haven't been sleeping well
I just don't sleep well and what else
was I gonna say I'm having one of those
days where I keep forgetting where my
phone is like I just like oh my gosh I
lose my phone and then it's like in my
hand you know to ever do that anyone
else dr. Porter I was really good to see
sauna she has a YouTube channel as well
if I I don't think I mentioned that but
I've mentioned her in vlogs before she
reviews books and she is so freakin good
at it makes it very interesting so her
YouTube channel is books and quills go
check it out so that is it for me I am
ready for bed as you can see Reggie is
like can we please just relax and watch
Great British Bake Off please so time
for bed bye
okay
