happy Sunday Reggie he is excited to go
for a walk today's catching and yawning
come on buddy pull it together has been
let Reggie roam free but he saw someone
else in the park and he's like oh and
there's another dog in here I wonder
what kind of dogs as he said oh don't
worry it's just Bertha everything is
gonna be cool
you know like all the dogs nahariya
funny anyway let's see what Reggie's up
to he chased a squirrel yesterday it was
insane he what he went so fast and
chasing the squirrel he didn't catch it
the squirrel went up a tree so I'm just
realizing that this is the first time
you're probably seeing my short hair
because by the time this vlog woke up
before my next beauty video and this is
not a true representation of my hair I
just want to say that I just woke up and
was like not against it but he's kind of
going sure you want to do that but he's
probably the biggest fan of it
oh yeah you love it always making a
stick no you weren't against it but you
were like how short are you gonna go and
all this no I want to get a pixie cut
yeah as on things I should get a pixie
cut okay Reggie just pooped so are you
gonna get on that
I want it okay sweet so I can keep
talking to you guys um Aslan just
stepped in Reggie's shoes Wow Wow Wow
Reggie how did that actually happen I
thought he was doing it right over there
rather than here I saw he was with both
feet we can't come into into the house
with that I just have to you know
something oh my god Sunday morning bliss
another relaxing weekend for us if there
are any other Ingrid fans out there can
I get a what look I love Ingrid everyone
knows if she's actually in New York
right now and she's got some exciting
news so definitely go check out Ingrid's
latest blog I'll link it down below
because this girl is beyond and also her
makeup I was like
a makeup artist definitely did that but
she said she did it so dang girl you got
some skills as when made me an omelet oh
this is gonna be good I won't be able to
eat both of these so why don't you just
have the other half yeah yeah definitely
I won't be able to eat them both so
there you go breakfast for two is done
this looks really good so what's in the
omelet eggs and cheese oh wow we don't
like really had too many vegetables to
pop in there as you can see we're
running low on supplies yeah I've never
had no M'Lynn that's a lie this is a
straight-up lie yeah that one I've had
an omelet but only in India oddly enough
yeah that's like a really weird place to
have an omelet okay breakfast was
delicious and I've got to clean this up
clean this up oh the kitchen is a mess
just keeping it real we we have been bad
lately but I'm cleaning it up right now
Reggie's snoozing as per normal today's
gonna be a well I ain't chilled out but
I actually have a lot of stuff to do but
I'm just gonna be at home all day
basically I have to film two videos what
time is it it's 10:00 in the morning I
have to film two videos I have to plan
three videos I have to write a blog post
I have to organize my life because our
bedroom is so messy if any of you have
been on holiday recently you can
probably relate to the amount of laundry
and just I just need to organize it
especially if I'm going from summer to
autumn I'm gonna try to pack up all my
summer clothes put them in a box but I
can just like stop looking at them
because sadly it's over summertime is
over and that's what today's gonna be so
it's not a lazy Sunday it's an
organizational so word Sunday so I just
got out of the shower and I finished
doing my makeup really quickly and now
it's time to paint my nails before I
film my video so I've already done the
base coat and then as well as my Sylvia
put it on Kensington High Street color
by nails inc gel exactly so I love this
nail polish formula if it would focus
now it won't there we go so yeah it's
like a nice dark
burgundy color so let's do this it's
filming time so I've got two videos to
film and I'm going to get started
because it's already 12 o'clock and have
lots of stuff to do so if I can just
film these videos then I can get into
editing mode and did we have any other
plans today besides well we're gonna go
to a movie later on maybe maybe yeah but
other than that organizing so I'm gonna
film these videos I'll report back when
I'm done by the way do you like this
lipstick it's the Rimmel as you want
Victoria lipstick so what exactly is
going on here wait underneath cutting my
head oh my god Reggie's like no not
doing it and what's going on here I'm
just gonna think of hyperlapse of it oh
okay and here are the Clippers there so
let's do this Reggie you're not getting
a haircut don't worry sit down and get
ready for this I just want a towel
around your head no that's fine just
girlfriend like this yeah just go like
that
oh my god you are crazy
okay so the big reveal there you go I
love I really like it I have to be
honest it took me a few minutes there I
know I like it I like your hair long but
I like your hair like this too guys I
was already a big guy I thought it was a
little bit it wasn't right so I'm just
gonna I just wanted to cut it to an even
length so I can you know let it grow out
a nice fresh piece nice nice thing and
how fast is your hair grow my hair grows
pretty fun so I've never seen so much
hair grows best as yours I know you from
this I can go for a long hair look yeah
as when you step really long curly hair
apparently yeah but no I think it looks
really good really good
now who wants to go for a walk this boy
let's roll Reggie
so Reggie and Aslan are making lunch
thankfully because we are starving
aren't we
you're having a little Raven here it
seems so you're making a salad sandwich
a sandwich or a chicken wrap the chicken
sandwich how about a chicken sandwich
how about Reggie unfortunately you are
not gonna be getting a chicken sandwich
just an old man so we've got some
chicken and cheese carrots a chicken
sandwich we didn't know you've got you
can have some chicken treats boom that
is how Aslan makes a sandwich these days
what a little Pro where did you learn
this it smells so good he like made this
avocado tomato salsa
some chicken oh my god are those capers
yes capers chicken tzatziki however you
want to say it to Zeki chichi key and
because we heard someone say chechi key
yeah can someone tell us how you say
that word please
anyway also some grilled cucumber so
what that is no I people
these are pickles yeah pickle just very
quickly pickled quick pickles people you
you actually pickled some stuff too
during this Wow Wow really impressed
whoa mister cool hair really good myself
pretty cool place for the stylist named
by everybody oh cool yeah she seems
awesome yeah cool
talk about a floored robe this is what
happens when you try to plan a fashion
video yeah floored robe and I am like at
a complete loss here I think we finally
got there but it was a long long slog
honestly that was like the fashion
marathon right there is it's like hard
to explain why it's so difficult for me
but like when I put an outfit together
and normally it looks okay but when you
put it on film when you actually film it
I think you have to be a little more
methodical with your choices especially
when you're choosing I think I'm doing
like four or five outfits in that video
so it's just like I don't know just took
me a long time and you're trying it on
and this could be TMI but I'm in
- state of mind where everything is
pissing me off
as within you already own kind of feel a
little bit I'm in that feeling where I
just feel like a big lump you know so
when I'm trying Plus on like nothing
seems to look right but you know girls
you know what I'm talking about
so hopefully that video turns out anyway
and I'm filming that later this week I
just did the dishes Aslan took Reggie
bro a walk and now I'm gonna enjoy this
glorious glorious cup of tea that I just
made and for the guys that are watching
it means it's tough why does that mean
wow that was like some different of
dance are annoying what's this buddy
what's this Oh delicious doughnut what a
good don't eat the camera buddy who's
this who is this this is Finn what we
notice is really funny is that span is
exactly the exact same length as Reggie
so if that was to you see they're the
exact same length it's perfect isn't it
Reggie
okay see this is a new thing he does he
like does that with his leg we showed a
but he's not stopping
I'm sick and tired of the vlogging of
the constant blogging this little smile
they just see them so here we are in
Cohen garden and it stays first time
driving : garden how do you feel maybe I
find a parking spot actually that's
pretty packed
ok others guys relax a little bit Oh
everything scares me by the way well I
think we're just have to cruise around a
little bit then we'll fight one
eventually okay Wow I just worked and it
was a friggin ordeal yeah well even
though as a car the fun but there's no
kind of axe oh hell I did this is like
parking on a curve so it seems to be
very chill des today in common garden
doesn't it everybody's like in their
casual clothes and stuff which is nice I
like that there's the Odeon
and there's Aslan the hand there's a
tree and there's a car
I mean it's yeah it's a pretty cool
building considering it is a cinema see
that guy's illegal guy should have
stopped definitely I don't know if it's
illegal but it's not right you want bad
things that this sodium does have that
that weird corner room yeah those people
get that weird cinema off the
auditoriums like around the corner yeah
so what are we going to see today where
is the little poster here as I said
we're gonna go see boyhood and we really
wanted to catch this before and didn't
send us because we've heard it's really
good that being said it's like three
almost three hours long and I don't know
if we're up for that but we will wanna
see so yeah I must get lots of snacks
were the first ones in the cinema I'm
just okay
it'll an overview of this cinema here
it's kind of like a little scary so
where shall we sit I think front row I'm
tempted you're not back close to it
really I've never gone front never never
been in front kind of gal what do you
think too close too close definitely
okay I think middle right in the middle
so as I got popcorn and a sprite and I
got low pick-and-mix
so let us see what is inside I just got
like a few random things I didn't see
you there I got some mini eggs some
berries some cherries that's about it I
was internal dude yeah I didn't actually
got that many I got like five candies in
total but it's about 43 probably yeah
you paid for it so just got out of the
cinema and I have to say that has shot
to one of my all-time favorite movies
yeah of that and can I just say the
first thing as we've said as soon we're
not even out of the theater and this is
one of my biggest pet peeves that you do
is as soon as the movie's over no matter
how great the movie is asla has
something negative just say and he says
it so though the rest of the cinema can
hear it oh I didn't realize I said it
yeah you said every single time and it
does I love him but every time it faces
I said we'll walk yeah I just have to
and I realized it really did like the
movie yeah okay so basically this movie
was filmed with all of the same cast
over 15 years over 12 years so you saw
the same actors growing up and I think
that that just added so much to it
because when you see movies about
teenage years it's always like this
Zac Efron bull snap it's not true
you know and I think this was one of the
first movies that was actually sort of a
real depiction of what it's kind of like
to grow up as a modern team yeah what do
you think yeah I think yeah it was nice
that everybody wasn't like Zac Efron but
less like looking there yeah I did it
was yeah I think they're trying to kind
of convey how confusing it is I think
yeah and also all of the actors went
through that awkward teenage phase we've
all been there it was so nice oh my gosh
there are so many things that just
reminded me of my childhood I don't know
if it did the same for you but like the
relationship between the brother and the
sister was like exactly like my brother
and I and I just loved it
I loved everything about it getting
emotional because that's who I am but I
thought it was so good it actually made
me want to go back to my high school and
talk to my favorite librarian Julie who
was like the woman who made high school
bearable for me because I see button
used to be se badass I don't you know
that I know yeah yeah real rebellious
streak I did and I used to skip school
and sometimes I would do very bad things
kids I'm not saying that's good and then
other times I'd go to the library and
she would hang out with me and like give
me some life advice already so I might
have to go back to my high school even
know if she's still the librarian there
but I loved it it was nice
oh hi everyone sorry I forgot to end the
vlog yesterday it's actually the next
day and I'm just about to leave and I
was changing my bag out of my oh snap I
forgot to end the vlog last night
I was so tired anyway I'm gonna wrap it
up now and I will see you soon bye
exciting
