hey guys another day of Nordic vlogs for
you today what am i doing I'm actually
filming my August Beauty favorites and I
wanted to film this before we got home
just so that I knew I could put it up
and I'd be on time and everything and so
yeah there's my little pile of favorites
I've got all my makeup stuff here and
that is the backdrop so hopefully that
works out I've just filled all the
close-ups and everything and now I'm
going to actually get to the point where
I actually talk about the products so
I'm gonna sit down film it and then
hopefully we can get some breakfast
because we're both really hungry hey
this thing will set up and ready I'm
ready to go okay should I start yeah
this is you guys get to see you behind
the scenes of how I I get so nervous
okay ready
hmm I can't do and yeah almost done it
which is like you know really exciting
for any longer any person in general
likes makeup it's just an enjoyable
thing I think I stays finished yes I'm
done yay just finished yay I actually
think it turned out quite well but you
never can tell but once it's up I will
link it down below because it will be up
by the time you're watching this I think
okay all done filming and I also took
some photos for a blog post it's going
to be my travel skincare and what else
oh my god something really sad happened
okay if you saw on Twitter the other day
I tweeted saying I was so excited to see
Lena Dunham at the Southbank Centre and
I even put a thing in my calendar to
tell me what time to buy the tickets and
by the time I got there because it
didn't go off it was like maybe 40
minutes after they went on sale they
were all sold out and I'm so sad that is
like when I found out that she was
coming I was so excited I would
absolutely love to hear her speak and um
yeah I'm really I'm actually devastated
that I can't can't go and it's her only
UK talk so uh it's so sad maybe next
time I guess if there ever is the next
time but I just adore Lena Dunham and if
you've never seen her she did a thing
with
on the street I'll link it down below if
you want to watch it it's just funny I
don't know but um I just loved Lena
Dunham and I'm so pissed so if any of
you have a spare ticket and you want to
bring me along I'm not going to say no
but yeah anyway I guess we're gonna go
up for breakfast now and yes see what
the situation is one more thing I
finished this book called Weber Liars by
E Lockhart and this was actually given
to me by my friend Sanne who makes
videos about books on YouTube and she
told me that I would really like it and
this was so good
Sanne thank you so much I absolutely
loved it and it was such a page-turner
and I'm obsessed it's gonna be mine on
beauty or other favorites soon but if
you're looking for a new book I would
say check this out it was amazing so
we're at the restaurant and called
folder bread Ted yeah you know you
donate it's gourmet hot dogs apparently
and it looks really really good so thank
you to the girl who recommended this to
us and it's all in Danish but he
explained it and you get like two hot
dogs with different toppings and well
you'll see in a minute the appetizers
aren't here we've got some okra tempura
and chili fries yes holy moly did
somebody say hot dogs oh wow wow this is
like a traditional Danish one a Russian
yeah it's gonna be amazing excited yes
also look what just happened I say go
give it a shot
hey woo so we just finished eating and
now we have a nice long walk and along
this little water on the river that's
the word and it's really really pretty
so it's probably like a half an hour
walk and you will see what we're doing
when we get there really exciting
we were just crossing the street and
there's a girl in that car over there
and and I didn't hear her say my name
but then someone was crossing she was
like turn around there's someone calling
you and I didn't see her and I turned
around and she's like oh hi I watch your
videos but she had the bluest eyes I've
ever seen in my life anyway it was nice
to meet you briefly I didn't want to
like hold up traffic or anything but
yeah that was really cool so we're still
walking and in the distance I can see
our end destination can you see it I
kind of blew just wait guys just wait
more ducks and pigeons just was trying
to get me um and look swans but gray
ones and white one Oh baby babies money
oh they're babies they're not fully
grown yet oh it's so cute okay in the
distance you might be able to see that
there is a there's a swan shaped boat
Swan catamaran and we are gonna be going
in it in this water so let's let's do
this
okay we just got in cheers we're on the
boat we're on the boat and we've got the
pedals here I have to say something I
think it's really comfortable
they have what you're Piper - that's
true
like okay this is this is not gonna fall
is it after that that one's got a beer
they're nice and comfortable steering
right here
that's the series can't move is Oh guys
this is hilarious a Soviet lady steering
used to be a these two used to be
independent of each other so the
president right would have to stay like
 you and would have been that point
oh really
you've been in Monday's before last one
one that's not in this is pretty cool
guys we're on the water
yay we were driving yesterday and we saw
these swan boats and I was like we are
doing that like I understand without a
dollar I'll be in one of those swans and
there are 72 hours so Aslan has his feet
up beer drink enjoying Lee the weather
right now it's really being very lazy I
must say and I'm doing all the work it's
actually really fun like we're it's like
really calm just really chilled out yeah
so nice to around and have your
other half do the rowing normally it's
the other way around and I would have my
feet up but not today got to work off
those gourmet hot dogs we've actually
paddled kind of far if you can see you
all you probably can't even tell but
it's way down there but I was just
telling us on how much I love the houses
in Copenhagen I just love the way they
look so much side by side they're so
nice I actually have a magnet that I got
last time they were here with the houses
in a road like that oh yeah we've got a
squeaky went on our hands but yeah and
we're not about to go within three
meters of the ledge
oh whoa what are you tall so go make
toys oh yeah it also is camouflaged to
the White Swan hey do you like my
sweater did you bring this wet I just
cuz you knew that it'll be a little bit
chilly on this one
I brought it because I knew it would
match this one you want to be careful
eyes for this one you wanted people were
looking up on the side of it like oh
 that's a giant Swan yeah
not two people writing us one cat around
that's a giant Swan yeah I see further I
really spot your plan because I'm all
excited Navy and black so I'm sorry your
dreams of becoming this one will never
come true I haven't even seen the Black
Swan the black spot you know you know
the only reason why you want to see it
you know what gillich goodness yeah
and Natalie Portman having a little
blows a little scene between them is
there I think so factual I think so yes
have you seen it no I haven't huh what
are the list that's a night I do want to
watch it though okay no I'm good
we come
where are we now the assistant cemetery
yes
so we've walked um maybe like 20 minutes
would you say 25 minutes apparently this
is a really nice cemetery so as we said
before we like cruising around in
cemeteries we're like walking around
it's nice so we shall see what's inside
I'll just take a little nap oh this is
very nice very very well do people hang
just chatting that's some old guy
getting in school today we put up two
huge bottles of water yeah
he's talking understand so who knows me
she was - she sounded Canadian though
did he
she said a hey he said if you kiss in a
cemetery you wake the dead up great yeah
how he said yeah oh I thought you're
saying a job I did the dog to stop
barking no he said watch it if you kiss
him a cemetery you wake the dead out
crazy Canucks yeah I don't know if he
was Canadian so we're not on the street
just leading off the cemetery and it's
nice little streets got lots of little
cafes shops on there we could be heading
up mayor's bakery in a second to get
some latte Myers mayor's get some latte
get some you know a little bit of a
peppy fix up but in the meanwhile before
we do that there is a cool little
ceramic somewhere along the street then
I read about like to go there check it
out here is Erica Inger instance
so we just got out of the pottery shop
well not just like ten minutes ago
and we also picked up some pastries for
tonight yeah now we have like a
40-minute walk back to our place yeah so
that's what we're gonna do
maybe stop on the way for some juice
because why not and it's really nice
outside today like how I would expect
summer to feel like at the end of August
you know
yeah really perfect weather so here we
are at restaurant of Foucault's and it
looks really good and basically they get
a few starter sized items and that is
your meal you excited yes I'm very
hungry
yes and you've got your please our water
so we have a sad announcement to make
do you want to make it um today this
blows the vlog you're watching right now
is the hospital in the North Lawrence it
is the last of the Nordic vlogs we are
going at home the day after tomorrow and
tomorrow's gonna be quite a busy day I'm
just basically going to Boston series on
show and it's better videos that's all
nothing to vlog worthy exactly I don't
wanna like try you guys your shop
so we used to there is nothing that but
of course we have to say a big thank you
to everybody who watched and supported
the Nordic vlogs I can't believe like
how many amazing comments are you
getting about it and you guys have
really been looking forward to the look
that's what people tell me on Twitter
anyway so that me watch was and we're
really bad that we could blog the trip
yeah okay my gourmet chicken nuggets
have arrived fries in mayonnaise and as
I got this really good-looking suit this
is lobster soup and smiles carrot time
carrot time three different types of
carrots in some sort of a glaze and as I
got the part called cheap time bootie
Nicole cheeks with some salad it's a con
Tom we're just heading back to the flat
now and feel a little sense of sadness
like this is goodbye
this is a good vine it's not really
goodbye darkest will be on this channel
probably next week yeah so it's not
goodbye it's see you later anyway uh
yeah that's all from us today that's the
end of the Nordic vlogs hope you enjoyed
them hope they actually inspired some of
you to come to scatter Dana you know
considering before yeah a family yeah so
we are wrapping it up until next time
we'll see you back in London with Reggie
and we will see you soon bye
