hello we meet again today Yolo you see
you know I said oh hello oh ma Yello
we're heading back over the bridge same
thing we did yesterday and we're going
straight to the aquarium the place we're
staying isn't ready until I think like 3
in the afternoon it's 11 now so we've
got some time to kill and I'm really
excited to go to the aquarium apparently
it's a good one right um well
TripAdvisor gives them mixed reviews but
it is kind of like it's a brand new
aquarium and the building is meant to be
kind of cool so okay duda good well
we'll give it a whirl anyway we have
nothing else to do really so yeah we
will try it out and we will see you at
the aquariums
excuse me excuse me can you give me
ticket please looks like they're at the
Museum as well as practicing his
whistling and whenever I speak I
occasionally like a whistle will come
out I'm just saying face and I went face
Shh but I can't like do it voluntarily
well I can't do it voluntarily I only
like an accidental antenna
anyway look at these clouds yeah you
wish on the background look at these
beautiful clouds that feels like you can
touch them
oh my god not really
deep deep deep under the sea under the
sea under the sea we need a much better
down where it's wetter take me okay he's
over anywhere we're inside we are inside
the aquarium and it's actually not too
busy anyway it's like a very weird time
weeks you go into an aquarium
oh my gosh look at these ones look at
these fish maybe they're in love look
nice does it yeah there you are
yeah I was gonna say that's definitely
wings like come on there's like I'm
hungry I'm tired
this one has a huge nose
Clou way well it's my boy but it's
pretty cool this one is really cool yeah
look look at its lips how crazy is that
nature is amazing
nippy she's the one with the big nose
it's coming back look at that that's
like a process very easy they are like
kind of scary look at that
I wonder how many different types of
fish there are in the world okay we just
turned the corner and there's this
massive floor-to-ceiling tank and
there's actually sharks in there I feel
hot ahead and as in such a seize a
hammerhead so that's pretty crazy
let's go down oh stingray guys here's a
stingray
look there's its face it's smiling is
that what killed Steve Irwin
look another stay up there wow it's
pretty cool cuz their tails Wow
it doesn't think that's the thing that
doesn't yeah okay here's one of these
tunnel things where you can go
underneath and all the fish are all
around you so it's kind of cool can't
actually see that much but just like the
glass is kind of distorted that's crazy
just women are thug life that's what's
happened
okay we're heading into the rainforest
section it sounds like a rainforest
I think that's beef so waterfall they've
got going on here it definitely feels
humid and there's butterflies flying
around everywhere I love butterflies
when the gift shop here and there's like
a sushi book yeah is that okay to get a
sushi Boop I don't know sushi book in a
look where everything um so since it is
apparently national dog day and we're
really missing Frenchy yeah private
campus it's humongous it's so long and
famous he's a big fan it's so funny that
she just stuffed it in the bag like this
I mean there's nothing else you can do
but it's just funny for some reason I
don't know maybe it's just me Reggie
will love it so we're quite interested
in getting some lunch and someone who
commented on Aslan's Instagram I think
actually when I was on my Instagram well
as I met the comment and said oh this
girl um said that we should go to this
place bla bla bla bla apparently this
place has the best s'more bread I wasn't
saying that right but it's basically
like an open-faced sandwich and we'd be
down for that so thank you sir the
recommendation we're gonna head there
now okay here's the place now Dyer Haven
is that right - Cafe Dyer hate it and it
looks bustling everybody's outside
there's always a little cute dog out
there a little beagle puppy oh my god
don't guess not so you guys probably
remember when I always laughing at Aslan
for buying a sleeveless blazer well he's
wearing it and it looks great but I
think there's myself vest whichever you
prefer yeah you know I was just doing by
the closest description yeah there's
like all of us you know people didn't
know what I was being funny mo I wasn't
making fun of him for owning a vest I
was making fun of him for calling it a
sleeveless blazer yeah I didn't even
realize it was a vest like festive
sleeveless planes are the same thing but
just the fact that cause named it like
this is amazing yeah it is a blazer
material it is absolutely laser it's
just thank you that's what I was making
fun of I think it looks really great
to say you can pull off that sleeveless
blazer that is for show and are we
waiting for our food god there's the
cutest puppy over there okay food has
arrived and it's actually really I like
that they have it separately so you can
add as much or as little as you want on
the thing leaves it up to you and this
is chicken by the way so we just had our
s'more bread and it was actually really
good it's pretty dishes I was a big L
did say that this is the best small
bread she's had the chicken once you
recommend we got a chicken yes it was
very good I still want to get hit in the
bicycle lane yeah it was really good I
have to say though the guy working there
he was something about he was having a
really bad day so yeah he didn't
actually like us very much I don't think
anyway won't go to that but yeah than
that the food was great so now we kind
of fancy something a little more than
sweet side so we're gonna head back to
this cafe that she also recommended like
kiosk cart/kiosk er sorry and get
something sweet like a coffee and a
little snack or something success a chai
latte and a regular latte and also I
really like their business cards well
they're actually the loyalty cards get a
stamp there no I'm sure they like them
I'm going to keep it because I'm a
hoarder so it's a little bit later now
we've checked in and we've just been
chilling walking around the area and
stuff but now we're starving as per
normal and we're gonna try to get into
mad kuben try try because last time we
were here we couldn't get in it's a long
story you can watch the copenhagen vlogs
if you want to relive that for any
reason and um yeah it's just you have
just been wandering around so let's see
if we can get in because both of us are
put to faint
I just want to say these cups well
glasses are everywhere and Scandinavia
I'm so glad I bought one well actually I
got it for free remember and here's the
tol one and as
said that they were lame and I see them
in all the cool hip trendy restaurants
grandma chic for the win the bar we've
got this into the night as one is going
great tonight I got a cranberry juice
but I might actually try this this is
like licorice and something else but I'm
scared I'm scared things will be too
strong but cranberry juice is good
oh my god another gourmet hot dog and as
my god
Oh starter up today that looks really
good it's like pickles and stuff so
we're gonna share it actually food has
arrived and it is like enough for like a
thousand people that is a massive amount
of meat Wow so I wonder if we can take
it home doesn't keep I don't know anyway
we're gonna try to eat this this is like
that show with that guy what's that show
are you like eat like a thousand chicken
wings in one sitting
yeah we have man vs. food that is what
the fish
yeah Wow Wow we just finished dinner and
it was really good it was a lot mostly
and actually we got it to take away so
we might have it for lunch tomorrow but
anyway yeah it was really good and we're
really tired too we're gonna go home I
was like a really long dinner wasn't it
it knows where I was like a couple hours
and they're you know so we're gonna wrap
it up it will see turn why he's at it
again when it's time this place so this
is why title in the floor they say is
like this like that picture mom sent me
yeah right
