good morning everyone it's actually
lunchtime but we're being lame I don't
know what I'm doing yeah I thought I'd
show you my outfit say you've seen this
sweater million times it's just my
warmest one and I like it it's
comfortable and also I sprayed this with
perfume the other day when I was in the
store oh my gosh it smells so good and I
don't know which one it was so I don't
even know if I can I'll never be able to
get it you know but I'll just cherish
this sweater for Africa it smells so
good doesn't it smell this mmm smelling
sweater yeah so this one is for monkey
I'm also wearing a little t-shirt which
is by the looks something a little bit
so you throwing I'm saying it want to be
known nicki manaj up in here okay stop
um I'm wearing a white t-shirt from
weekday my jeans are the purple
aubergine Jaime jeans from Topshop I
only wore these ones on this trip so far
I don't know why because they're purple
but they're like a little bit different
you know and my sandals are the
Birkenstocks their I think they're
called Arizona's I have no idea
and then my bag is the tote bag from
Kohl's as per normal nothing too special
traveling outfit now we are getting
ready to go I don't know what as one's
doing but he looks a little distraught
okay okay so let's hit the road what
just popped in to this place called t1
and we got ourself a little breakfast
well plunge but it's breakfast to us I
had got a carrot apple and orange juice
as when got a mango I see which looks
good yeah so now we're trying to find
the car so we're in the car again and
to show you the view we're on this
massive massive long bridge which is
actually the bridge to Denmark do we
drive straight to Copenhagen yeah so
we're actually still staying in Malmo
because we couldn't get a place in
Copenhagen basically we found the place
we really wanted to stay in Copenhagen
but they didn't have a room for tonight
so anyway we're just driving across
today sleeping in Malmo I've been
driving across again tomorrow yeah
that's just easy thank you and it's
actually like a 40-minute drive so
that's fine but today we're going to go
to a couple of museums that we didn't
get to see the last time we were in
Copenhagen and yeah it should be fun and
we might need to go to the aquarium
today I'm not sure maybe
what are you good to any Museum study
was it a new thing
yeah the museum is just his house oh it
does actual house the house that he
built for himself oh oh okay
for some reason I thought it was a
finial Museum but it's actually finials
house and finial for those of you who
don't know is master
so did you design a decade swimming
there you go so we're already in
Copenhagen it's crazy how close they
were it feels like it took no time at
all and we're already back in the centre
and as and I was just saying like oh
this is kind of where we stayed last
time we were here we stayed in a hotel
near here I don't know exactly where it
is but it's really close right up there
and yeah it's weird to be back so soon I
feel like I know this place
you know because normally when we go
places we rarely go back yeah yeah I
don't really like with what last year I
ever thought we'd be back here so soon
yeah I'm glad we oh yeah we love
Copenhagen so we've made it and a stay
is in a bit of a pickle one my sake
little bit of bad I actually have some
paper towel because I wanted to go in
the bushes but hasn't said no well no
there's somebody over there so I thought
I'm desperate what you gotta figure this
out
okay Joe just go over there in those
bushes okay I think that interest over
that it sees people come from over there
so no people coming from over there must
be here some sort of visitor centers
over yeah I'm just praying I has
happened my security
a beautiful white girl this is the
central entrance hall here no expense
spared one collection finial sofa
fancy-schmancy finally from TV thank God
carrot juice Oh should we hit up the
cafe from it see we're not here for the
museum we're here for the hoos okay so
we had a little snack a little sandwich
and teeth and now we're walking to the
house yep and uh yeah anything
not a lot take pictures inside no that's
really kill bad ones because he's really
been looking forward to this the whole
trip poster looking forward to it
yeah I sense out why why you know I'll
take pictures inside that's like okay
maybe not flash whatever I understand
that not there's any paintings in there
that you're degrading is just furniture
but beyond that okay but no pictures at
all seems a little strict cuz they want
to sell the little booklets and then
little postcards in get yeah sighs I was
getting a little sassy rightfully so I
think and yeah anyway we're gonna go in
we'll see if we can take a little bit of
footage in there anyway I think we are
walking into the space finials space and
apparently he died in 1989 if anybody's
interested in some factual facts so
here's this little yard and his house
and as long you better take it over cuz
I don't know much else I just it's just
the house he he designed himself he
built he built it he designed all the
furniture inside it and here he actually
designed lots more things for he
designed all the cutlery every single
minor detail possible yeah and I even
the door handles he designed but like a
lot of the stuff you didn't actually end
up making wine every in and I ended up
making but there's plans of drawings and
for all this stuff do you think it's a
bit vain to do that to have everything
in your house designed by you
mmm-hmm no I mean I can understand it
because you want it to be just right
yeah I just want it to be
I don't I don't think it's vain but I
know I think somebody who's kind of that
design letting design focus it's only
natural for them to want to have
everything just right and just as they
were
now somebody always always had as much
time I see it it's sunny had to happen
it's a gift it's a gift to the world as
loans just loading up his film camera
cuz you can take photos of the outside
yeah so while he does that I'll just
show you this Homa finial it's a
brochure and it has like all these
clothes a couple of things that you made
if you had made a bed I know it okay
walking on finials grass it's crazy
this is just getting insane oh it's
pretty cool it hurts like this house
here and then this passageway which I
don't you can see and then another house
well it's the same house but you know
what I mean
here's a slit over there photographing
so we just went inside the house and I
have to say I think it's something that
I enjoyed most out of this entire trip
honestly so no it was like a really
quick thing like a I don't know
10-minute thing but oh it's so nice and
Azal and I love home design and actually
being in somebody's home where they've
designed it and we love obviously his
designs anyway but to be inside it I you
know it's kind of weird thing like if I
died would I ever want something going
through our house through your house
yeah it's like a weird thing I think I
think if you were a furniture designer
right well I can think about this house
is that he was constantly working on
this house throughout his whole life
yeah I'm like you I think I I feel like
he was probably like this was his final
what like you know he was constantly
improving yeah so if you keep that in
mind
yeah I think he probably would like that
people are enjoying it and stuff yeah
getting inspiration I'm like his design
and what you thinking and what his end
goal for a home you know yeah feeling I
used to think like a furniture is
furniture like whatever everybody has
their own taste whatever but it's not
just about the furniture it's about the
feeling and especially someone like me
I'm such a homebody I love being at home
and when you come home it should give
you a feeling and you get to decide what
that feeling is which is really cool and
the feeling of his home is really nice
isn't it oh yeah it's it's hard to
explain unless you've been inside and
especially that living room is just when
you yeah when you first come in into the
main living room just the feeling of
like everything is like really calm and
it's inviting it doesn't it's not like
too stuffy or Duffee yeah you don't feel
like
I can't possibly sit down anyway because
it's all like to high-end design yeah
because I even though everything in
there is like but really I am just
decide oh yeah it is but it doesn't feel
like that so really welcoming in leggy
noses and another thing is in the
bedroom if there's like a bed and then
there's a table and then they're
shelving and chairs and I said to s on
what's really nice is that that doesn't
seem like a typical bedroom you know
it's like it's a bunch of things rolled
into one and also Aslan and I love Aslan
says the lateral space yeah without a
bungalow we love a good bungalow yeah
it's the dream it's the dream but yeah
really really interesting and like Aslan
saying this was obviously built in a
different era we wouldn't want to have a
place exactly like this but it's funny
how like over time the feeling can stay
the same like you'd still want to
achieve something like this don't know
anything else to add on the subject no
loved it highly recommend it very much
money recommended yeah even if your
remote interesting design absolutely
highly recommend it should be up there
yep
I'm your bucket list we've made it to
our second destination yeah which is
this gigantic church
oh my gosh what kind of chairs are these
look at the game design the great quote
yeah Wow
this is my favorite Rouge I've ever been
side is isn't it yeah it doesn't can I
say that it doesn't have that churchy
feeling oh that's so nice
it also doesn't smell like a church
because you right yeah I know but still
it's really cool yeah there's no one in
here this is cool I guess this is where
you put your Bible
it feels so light in here everything is
so like normally when you go into a
church that's very dark the wood is very
dark but this is really nice light what
I want to go to the front and show you
guys the organ also the ceilings are so
high it's crazy
okay I'm on front not see so here's the
front I guess this is where people would
come up to pray I don't really know but
yeah there's the massive work can you
see it look at the huge organ it is so
big it's crazy you can't really tell the
scale of it but I know I'm holding my
hand up yeah it's really huge
apparently there's a really good view of
the church from here and I have to say I
think it is worth a little hike Wow
there it is I guess these are all like
little shops in stone then there's the
church there
he's at it again when it's time this is
way tighter than before good to say like
oh this like not picture mom sent me
yeah I think you need to stop like yeah
I think we should just go somewhere else
no it's gonna happen this can happen
listen to these sensors another than you
this is more like a because we're so
close on both sides they like you're
screwed buddy
yeah perfect what about you know yeah
but let's just leave it the perfect job
but yeah let's leave it let's leave it
and what it is oh I have to say that's
quite stressful cuz there's like five or
six cars and cyclists going around at
the same time yep Wow on a different
note look there's another hay store it's
right there I know I might have to pump
in there you know I'm saying and mad
cloven which we couldn't get into last
time so yeah okay and just so you guys
are aware there you go this side and
this is a good time showing my hand yes
I think so Thanks
so we've just been walking around this
little area of Copenhagen and yeah we've
been here before so it's kind of weird
to go into stores they've already been
in - it's like seems really familiar but
you can't really remember it well I
can't anyway my memory is so bad anyway
we are going to head back to Malmo and
we have reservations for dinner so we're
gonna meet a little bit early but we
have lots of time in Copenhagen so we
just thought we'd head back now and
that's really all I have to report I did
buy a little something for my brother so
that's about all that happened I can't
really show you that so anyway signing
off for now
since we can I sit that's gonna take a
few
yeah this could go on for a while so I'm
just gonna cut this up now
dinner time is now I hope you can hear
me is windy and it just got really cold
all of a sudden
but it's this Lebanese restaurant called
Oh okö and it was a recommendation from
a viewer so we are going in and we're so
hungry
you have no idea we are in and we are we
are the only ones in here as for normal
but this place is so nice and so fancy
isn't it look at this thing is very
uncommon Saturday yeah apparently but
the menu looks to die for you know I'm
getting the patoot they have it and lots
of other stuff so yeah just dig in and
here's my new friend Kamath first thing
is this artichoke and the waitress was
like do not eat it and you're like no
idea so she said you just take it quite
as or you try you try
is it good yeah that's cool okay I'll
try
well we barely blinked and then this
happened oh my god
this is beautiful like I'm not gonna go
into everything but wow just delicious
looking at me yes let's do this thing
so we just finished dinner it was so
good you guys know how much I love
Lebanese food but that was really really
good and they also gave us a little box
of chocolates man right the end which I
was like for me okay we're going back to
the front now okay so we just got back
and we're so full and so tired yeah so I
think we're just gonna take it easy and
watch a movie tonight but we will see
you tomorrow for more of Copenhagen and
I think we will go to the aquarium
tomorrow yeah opening pitch will be good
okay so we're signing off and we'll see
you later bye all right look at these
little cuties over here for their mama
yeah they're gonna publish
