good morning everyone we are in Malmo
and we're heading to it's like a market
area is there a specific name today um I
think there's specific name for the
market but basically it's like because
Malmo is very multicultural I guess
apparently a third of the people who
live in mama weren't born in Sweden
there's a lot of like different cultures
cuisines that come together yeah and
this mark is men's gonna represent all
those cultures and cuisines like you can
buy like Middle East and fruit and vege
where is they can so it's right that
it's very good deals as well like you
could like barter with the people and
stuff yeah I have spent the entire
morning trying to make my beauty video
upload I tried to upload it last night
and the internet here was not very great
so it failed and I woke up and yeah just
realised that it didn't work so anyway
that's why I spent the morning doing but
I just it's at 60% now I'm hoping it's
gonna go up you never can tell so I'll
see when I get home and I think I see
the market down there looks like that's
it so I give you a little overview of
Malmo right now so yeah we're going over
there smells good already the square
there's a statue of people holding up a
rock I don't know if that's the there
might be like a an outline of Malmo
there or something but yeah here's the
market you can tell there's well so far
hasn't been particularly exotic for I
mean tomatoes and stuff enough yes what
is this it's like a potato or is it
fruiting
Oh Dean has the pricing kilos up name
part of these process days test so I
think we're that easy
you use it for it wanna be oh yeah okay
here for you go for that yeah hello hey
got some right here they seemed like
different than I don't know how they
look different yeah maybe like a
different variety mmm oh my gosh they're
really good yeah I mean definitely if I
if I lived there this is where I do my
food right shopping yeah seems like the
place and the prices seem very
reasonable too so here we have it again
what is this fruit or vegetable looks
like a fruit I think I might get a
little bit of this just to see what it's
like what it is it so as they thinks
these are dates well they were in a box
over there that said dates yeah I don't
that could that could be the case
it could be true either so Carol
exploring it yeah okay using oh oh my
god okay oh my God look at the size of
these he's a huge he's just uh so you
guys read this is a big that's a big
pomegranate that's a nice that's a nice
promenade oh wow
maybe we should get some for tonight how
can kinda Ages are you gonna do though
yeah I'll do DC I'll be sitter okay
if you drawing yeah obviously that might
be okay they look so big at all that
looks so good biggest one is the reddest
one possible oh it's going down here I
don't think I don't think the biggest
yeah I think the redness maybe so yeah
we have some dates apparently and a
pomegranate so this is a good hole maybe
a little snag later on this evening get
back home okay we've made it to the
coffee shop
this is Lilla care for us to react and
apparently it's really good coffee okay
so here's our food whole I got this
carrot cake and a little chocolate
cookie which I've already tried it so
good as I got a black chai and a roast
beef sandwich and I got this latte and
she moved the nice little design at the
top of it I love this mug that it's
clear it's like a big tall it was like a
beer glass yeah is it good
mm-hmm
these birds are everywhere here and
that's what I were just saying like how
cute they are but yeah they're just like
everywhere and they're quite oh my gosh
she's hopping over here now
they're quite laid-back as far as birds
go and because they're so tiny I think
they're cute I don't know but they're
all over the place
carrot cake is really good by the way so
the coffee was really good I'm feeling a
little more alive now and I think
basically we're gonna walk around the
like main square area of Malmo see
what's in store for us as it has to go
to a camera store because he's looking
for a specific battery so he's gonna see
if they're there
I mean squares mama has three little
squares three squares let's do this
thing
we can go with that little the three
squares hold we're the two squares we're
just talking about how we want to get
this teepee for Reggie as his dog house
and you're talking about how much you
love it and then we're thinking when can
we really have a teepee in our living
room but serious I know there's cat
teepees Claire has one for a cat yeah
and it's so cute this is no record this
one yeah but Bridget would fit in there
oh yeah Georgie this is it oh my god
imagine I tell you it's big baby we're
just at Tiger looking at the cards and I
have to get this one because it's Reggie
I mean it looks like potato but it also
looks like Richie by the way I love the
card selection and Tiger I always think
they're really funny cards so when I was
paying for the card he said that I could
go back and get two more cards because
it was the same price so I got this one
here which is this guy with the string
of hearts and some really funny hair and
then Aslan picked up this one as well
which is really cute and I reminds me a
lot of myself my raincoat on because I
just need that wind resistance you know
so we're at the coxa this is actually
the house of a German immigrant who
became the mayor of
Melvin apparently he became very rich
very rich because he took control of the
mint head yep oh so did he steal money I
know I think he I should issue say took
control of the money making place I say
that you control are these people going
in we're just thinking maybe can you go
ahead I don't know but Lindsay yeah I
think it's a restaurant in Jordan yeah
so we stumbled across a telephone booth
this must be really old like would you
say there's no phone in there anymore
Rick's telephone like a saloon yeah like
I was one it's just like yeah yeah watch
through one of those yeah and what of it
what do you say is a cowboy when you do
that in the movies what do they say they
normally say like howdy partner
something like that like something like
that I don't know raise puzzle cowboy
like howdy partner this is the smaller
square now and it seems to be buzzing
full of restaurants and stuff that's
cool look how cute this dog is standing
on the cobblestones I'm gonna zoom in
I'm zooming on this dog
that's actually not zooming that much
but anyway he's really cute we have
found the English shop a little taste of
home so let's go in and see how English
this place really is that's what I was
lunch SS so let's see I'm interested in
some tea and crumpets maybe I've
actually had like one crop in my life
oh my gosh she's pretty she's me yeah
we're a minute we feel like we're at
home picnics as well and your keys
bloody oh oh
we've hit the mother lode PG tipps come
to mama please don't badly got the the
chat lis talk I could be cheatin my
favorite is Yorkshire cold ocean gold is
pretty is really good and PG tipps but
Yorkshire gold I like a lot well and I
love that poon jhana stuff I don't know
if that's actually yeah well they spend
yeah what it is is doing this whimpers
like honey I look at me we got Tunnock's
teacake spot this is pretty cool I
remember when a zone that I were first
dating he sent me some of these well
it's raining again
carry on we are charging ahead the third
and final squared good stuff something's
yeah muscle and enough that we'll head
up the library right yeah we're gonna
have library do screening as you can see
my raincoat has a cute little peacock
which I really like yeah look at this
mug Palermo well I have actually bought
any mugs on this trip I normally buy mug
every place we go already it's because
you haven't seen any good month are you
okay you know there's no way but I
really like that one Oh Marg addicts
anonymous so a rain spot using up a
little bit and we're walking through
this beautiful cemetery just on the
western side of the big something square
there something very peaceful of them
Pleasant yeah this is a very nice one so
yeah walking towards a city library
there's a nice little river that runs in
the corner the cemetery it's very
beautiful
most cemetery isn't it nice one thing we
have noticed curious this sir little
illustration of a make sure to pick up
after your dog they got it looks like
the guys literally just following the
dog around and scooping the poop
directly out of the dog into the bag
yeah like as the dog is going it's going
into the bag maybe they're like that
that's super straight they don't even
want to touching the ground like you
know how I used to get directly with
mine on the same topic but when you have
to give a stool sample how do you do
that still like what like a dog still
sandwich human human yeah you know how
to do that I think that you just that I
just gave you like a give you a little
tray and then you do it into the tray
and then you uh you put the tray in a
toilet yeah you put the trainer toilet
it's a it's like a deep tray it's like a
paint light like a tray made out of the
same stuff that egg cartons around and
then you use it and they give it a
little scooper thing and it's like it's
like in a little jar with a scooper
thing in there you put the foot of the
scoop that you put in the jars I know
because I've had really bad food
poisoning once when I was in school that
was a I was in a nurse's office we'll
just before the sand sanatorium
um and it was really bad I was left like
three days and she gave you the egg
carton yeah I had to do a stool sample
because I was pooping a lot of blood so
Wow TMI or are you just really getting
to know us so we're getting food again
his french fries and we're getting a
falafel this time around this is a place
called bab dreams bad dreams and a
lovely view record yeah someone tweeted
me this morning saying we should get it
and it's actually in the park like kind
of right across from the cemetery and
it's really handy actually cuz the
library is just over somewhere over
there so it's really close and we're
gonna get to falafels and get our
vegetarian on and it's gonna be good
there's so many ducks around as well
there's the man in line getting these
raps it's gonna be delicious
like so nice by the water I don't know
what this is for who the heck knows but
there's like there's so many ducks
everywhere they must get a lot of food
here or something yeah we just got it
figured we're just sick because all the
tables are so you added him look at all
these ducks you thought I was
exaggerating two four six eight nine
ducks
oh no this duck only has one leg or
maybe he's just standing on one leg I
don't know
poor little guy we have falafel liftoff
it looks so good as when I were just
saying that for two wraps and a bottle
of water it cost six pounds fifty that's
like that's like three three pounds for
lunch that's crazy and it's a massive
thing so let me dig in okay well what're
your first impressions here I'm reading
lettuce so far so okay yeah all right
keep going then this lady
if his dogs are following this lady they
were sitting on a bench over there and
she's like no matter where she goes
they're following her it's really funny
she's like no matter what I do now she's
passed on responsibility to us I'm
looking off of the book they're they're
really looking for food today that is
for sure
my ankles that oh my gosh look it's
right there so cute though
I wonder if even touch my hand do I want
it to that's good you would nip your
hand what it ah okay close it got a
heart one doctor because I got this tiny
little kind of my teeth but tiny little
sound like you've been ripped by a duck
yeah my granddad's phone I can Ducks
would knit me all the time okay
seriously good the geek geese Michael
way worse but duck still gotta huh
you've been nipped by a goose - yeah
really good except in the odd and always
be like screwed like I don't know I'll
be like running around like getting in
the mid-to knew they keep little
children with their children little
anything good yeah now she's back over
there and so are they we're at the studs
bibliothèque the library and it seems
like a really nice library we can see
the dark cloud up ahead
oh that's er I guess we're just gonna go
look inside see if we can find any
interesting books just chill out really
I think this is the main hall on the
other side and Wow to get this really
big atrium school space this huge
windows it's beautiful and look up there
yeah I'd like your own card
oh yeah
very nice library beautiful and it seems
like kind of library where it's very
popular and anybody in everybody is
going yeah I was just saying like
sometimes in ek when you guys library it
feels like it's almost kind of older
people in students those are the two
main groups that are kind of in there
yeah but hey it seems like everybody
whole walks of life lots of different
types of work going on as well group
work single solo work reading work
socializing like some people were just
sitting there talking right opposite the
library it's the Sun spoken so we'll be
exploring that now making our way over
to Mono Castle look at these little
cuties over here mmm what their mama
raised you
yeah they're gonna pop in to or anything
the moms getting nervous yeah oh my god
little duckling fly or something
you can see the really tall building
there the turning torso yeah that's
actually the tallest learning skill me
yeah that one over there and chop this
tree here that's kind of leaning hey I
was just wondering does this mean this
tree is dead he's about to die like Oh
tree experts out there what and can be
laughing sorry no the leaning tower of
trees ax
hahahaha thanks it's a good one we pick
so he found a windmill and he should be
glad that we're not vlogging because
we've been singing this entire time and
we stay is essentially pretending that
we just thought the band she's like I'm
gonna voice with you that when you say
what kind of voice would I have rising
yeah
what's your voice no I'm not doing it on
camera no way did you blow your nose
yeah I don't have a steel big band idea
the windmill looks really nice is this
an old in Aldie looks like an oldie so
that is it the windmill
what do you think of this yeah really
nice look here's the cat entrance
hey there so yeah here we are at mammal
house on the other side of rickety
a lot of rickety here oh god I say is
there something you should know this
thing that's like breeches doesn't like
boats doesn't like any sort of thing
that supports you over water I have
nightmares about bridges rigid em
collapsing what what does that mean I
have actual nightmares about me being on
a bridge no I don't know but you're
gonna love the the huge bridge that
we're gonna drive from a mythical name
that's a 40 minute drive over a bridge
something like that so Wow mmm stuffed
her off right now entrance for you
I don't mess around here there when you
have a serious business
maybe that is your office back in the
day he's even a glued metal sheets of
not madly just fabric like heavy cotton
or something when they sculpt them into
these bodies
he was like stomach thing his stage is
observing from the from the distance you
know she she she can feel it you can
feel the art from that distance there
wants to stay in here
I think it's r3 lost you okay let's head
out that way here we are
we finally made it three point but I
think the reason why it's abundance
because they don't make it very easy to
get to the castle you have to walk
through like four or five trees
chess is from 1640 it's crazy
describes the biggest this to me you go
to send us to I'm gonna be Tonya if you
saw Isaac
this is so creepy
oh Jesus with this way to rob me
gorillas please I've found spikey
preheat visit freaky this week and why
are we alone here just like the start of
a horror movie
yeah pretty much if you feel like you're
here yeah the tension in the air oh very
good
maybe I don't know but what the hell is
this I like to know what this little
corner is and we're alive
and we're out hi my name is interesting
from the historical perspective but some
of those rooms were so creepy
also because you can find the exit yeah
I am NOT like a claustrophobic person
brother
maybe I am I don't know sometimes I feel
like we're having a little snack little
glass of water blue glass of beer maybe
it's too windy but we're heading to the
beach that's like really big open
you can kind of just about make out
Copenhagen right in the background over
there just tiny little riches I just
took a little nap didn't we nap on the
beach it's beautiful
oh yeah now the Technology Museum
because I was right next to the beach
really we just came in because we had to
go to the bathroom and then she said
that we can just have free admission
because they're closing here very minute
so we're just gonna do a quick little
look around why not
look at this look at these friggin
airplanes oh my god this is forgot to
mind jet engine you know means copy of a
plane like I know what like when you're
a kid they sometimes take you like I
never got that but look at this Wow
sweet all these cool old cars old kind
of motorbikes slash bicycle things oh
look Bendele you Isetta nice old Volvo's
of course here in Sweden we're about to
enter a submarine u3 submarine boat of
some sort crazy this was actually used I
think so yeah it used to be like a
working submarine no yeah
we old levy telling my god I'm I don't
sleep in something like that underwater
on the wall toys okay I'm so cramped are
you gonna go through there yeah why not
that booty though
looks like the engine looks like a v32
here 32 sunders that's crazy and all
that work into compact space must have
smelled horrible in here so it's much
later now and we're already home
unfortunately was you the battery ran
out on the camera which is gonna eat my
fall I'm sorry guys yeah basically just
walked around we went back without the
old time we've got some more Lebanese
food yes we did yes wow you got great
Lebanese food like really good the files
are really amazing so yeah so Lebanese
food we did so much walking seriously my
feet are about to fall off hmmm
and so on probably won't notice a like a
good like a cane maybe 110 ka 20,000
okay so we will see you in the next vlog
and can you tell we're really sleepy
right now so see you later fall after
the sausage I went upstairs go there
and when I put the coin in to continue
frightening I open
they're doing the nasty nasty
