good morning everybody today we are
gonna be driving all the way to Malmo
it's like a five-hour drive first things
first though we've got to pack up the
car um yeah we've got lots of bags and
stuffs I've got to get into the car and
we had to park the car over there so
we're gonna go get the car bring the car
here load the car up and we will see you
after that so it's a little bit later
now and we've got the car all packed up
actually had to stop back in at weekday
because I got the wrong size of
something and had to go back and
exchange it and so that is what we were
doing we also got breakfast and yeah I
forgot the camera in the car that's
basically why you didn't know that so
now we're heading to this boat this is
our last stop in Stockholm and there's
is it the oldest boat there's something
basically it's like a boat that was sunk
and then they recovered it out of the
Stockholm Harbor it's called the Vasa
Museum yeah and it means like
everybody's recommended it everywhere
online so we gotta go before we leave it
to town you know yeah we're approaching
the museum but I just wanted to show you
this hotdog lots of people getting their
photos taken with this little guy I
guess other people like sausage as much
as I did he's like a so we're here
however it looks like there's a very
very long line and we're yeah okay okay
so it's parently it's okay okay we just
made it through we bought our tickets we
were just talking to how the line felt
like two days but is actually only nine
minutes okay so this is the ship here
let's see oh wow that's actually pretty
pretty cool yeah that's kind of worth
the nine-minute way okay fine wow this
is huge this is like a massive ship holy
moly
when was this boat built
long time ago I'm sure you know the
answers I just say it I you know
oh you don't it looks like which all
looks like sixteen hundred sixteen
hundreds maybe fifteen hundreds maybe
kids there was no Wi-Fi on this boat let
me tell you that imagine when I get
really old and then I actually like say
to my kids like yeah when I was born the
internet didn't exist
oh like it did exist I guess when I was
young I remember dial-up internet but
have to people watch history we don't
know
okay so Aslan was right it was the 1600s
it's sank on the 10th of August 1628 in
the Stockholm Harbor on the maiden
voyage as well so I wonder what happened
there why did it sing this is pretty
cool they've got these uh models here
let's show how they actually brought the
boats up and they're pretty intricate so
it would have been here on the ground
there they would have used these
specialized boats to lift it up cool
Yashiro me timbers come on through
you'll see what life is like on the deck
of the Vasa so this is right at the back
of the ship Wow
look at the intricacy of all this
carving
that's great
beautiful
so something as one that I love to do
when we like kind of bored is put play
would you rather so for instance I just
said to us when would you rather be a
pigeon or a crow
he chose crow so what you got to be a
pigeon er grow I got to be a picture
yeah I don't know what about us so this
is the place that we're going for lunch
I don't know where it is it's this
hotdog place somewhere tucked in here
what's a call jack and Jones with a
twist apparently we went into this story
yes not this exact branch but something
like it yeah let's get our hotdog on
okay so this place is called Taylors and
Jones with the twist that is what it's
called it's actually like in this mall
kind of area done done to them
here they are oh my word the other thing
is I actually never eat hot dogs and
sausages at home I don't think never
it's like purely a thing I do in Denmark
and Sweden apparently and Norway anyway
I thought the bratwurst as when got a
beef with pepper and sauerkraut slips
again
so the sausage was not enough we're
gonna get some juice and we're in this
little goosey goose place on juice place
what's it called again I camera juice
for Kent I'm getting a green label fizz
which is like spinach a mint
stuff and as limbs getting mango one
more also after the sausage I went
upstairs a building to grumpy and when I
put the coin in dictate you quit I write
and I open the door it was one that said
is available it was a couple in there
doing the nasty nasty if you catch my
drift and it was a shock experience say
a least yeah I have to say this juice is
so tasty it's like a very minty green
juice and it's it tastes really healthy
as Lawson says and it's really tasty and
Athens is really good too
we were saying that we think we like it
better than Joan the juice I definitely
better than ya the actual juice is
better yeah a lot of them are
interesting they have like really cool
combinations and also I think the
ingredients are better I don't know I've
only had two so far but I think it's
better but I still love you Joan the
juice anyway I'm holding the camera had
a very strange angle right now but we
are hitting the road now for a six hour
cruise and yeah we're setting off a bit
later than we anticipated it is 2:30 in
the afternoon and so we've got a long
day ahead of us driving but if anything
comes up it's interesting I'll let you
know crazy amounts of rain outside and
I'm actually going to be very productive
here and edit my next beauty video which
is going to be an empties video so I'm
going to try not to get carsick because
I I can't read in the car so I've never
tried to edit in the car but here we go
Oh
blows new singing city in mind
so we're still driving luckily I was
able to finish editing my empties video
excuse my very dirty laptop I just need
to go through it one more time when we
actually get to the hotel thing because
you know I have to be sure anything to
report
Oh how's it going on the wide open road
we bring all the traffic's moving well
Swedes are very good answer
on the Elena reaches yes they are low
tracks on the right bus traffic on the
left and say get over as soon as I can
Stratos okay we've got some time to kill
and we thought we would do another
little tag photo
Azlan actually was like oh hey I took a
photo up at a gig last night so he's the
one who got these questions up I think
I've done this tag before but it's been
a while anyway I hope the camera's not
too shaky just balancing so this is what
we got here
okay so 15 we random questions tag and
we're going to do some quick fire
answers what's the nickname only your
family calls you
well my mom calls me Fred
and she's only what it calls be fragile
holy Fred Frederick I have so many
nicknames with my family
Maureen
my mom calls me Furby yeah I found this
really nicknames for me
they don't know they do they have it for
my sister
maybe like one probably belong all the
time which in Kazakh is like a like a
nice way of saying son
yeah so yeah most people down there with
you know that mean
Oh up and I call ass like goose that's a
nickname for him I'm your family
what's a weird habit of yours
disgusting a weird weird I like to
always have my teeth lost at all time
that is so true which is kind of
disgusting every way it probably I hate
the feeling of anything in between my
teeth absolutely hate it so in some
situations what I don't have frosting on
me I may resort to using other things as
false such as a plastic bag a business
a credit card anything that he can
punish I just hate the idea of food in
between my teeth that I like that in
kind of like rotting away and causing
the case so I just like it's got to get
rid of it you know and I see that
happier end
I'm just generally weird about food I
have so many weird like I hate when
certain foods touch you know like it's
touching so with yeah that's a weird
habit what's a song you secretly love to
blast and felt out when you're alone I'm
alone well I did find some Norah Jones
on Aslan's I call it the other day okay
so test a ball let me listen to my
Malone I do like so let's do a little
bit of Jack Johnson that is true I am
vital to Jack Johnson songs I just love
rap but it's not a secret
at all what's one of your biggest pet
peeves I hate when people spit outside
or anywhere but like I say like if I see
something spin on the sidewalk me then I
mean know since we're driving Atomos
right I hate it when people are in the
fast lane and not move it over for a
girl's just and many guys like it
another car if it's one of your nervous
habits I bite my nails yes he does and
I'm trying to make him stop by people I
mean everybody's tried to make me stop
since I mean small like I do it and I
tried stopping and I have gone through
stages where I haven't been my nails
like half a year whatever
always come back to it oh my nervous
habit I play with my hair a lot I always
played my hair where I like to put my
hair like in my mouth stop squared
that's just a habit I don't even know
I'm actually doing it what side of the
bed do you sleep on the right side it's
not true in our bed you do not sleep on
my side yes I do sleep on the left
well develop you can look at it if
you're studying at the foot of the bed
looking towards the head of the bed I
sleep on the right side yeah
potato patata what was the first stuffed
animal and its name I actually had I
don't know if it was the first but I had
a Barney like a big purple party behind
here yeah I loved Barney I've never
heard of something that one that is not
true because I thought you went before
yeah but like no person is like that is
a kid but to flavor something I have
added sometimes children that could
explain a lot about Aslan psychologists
out there what does that mean well okay
what do you think expects nothing I
don't actually know but like you the
fact that she never had like a little
thing
like what a toys like I was my only toy
was like a plastic bag
I drew like like I just never stopped to
add it always Maria it's funny because
Aslan's sister is absurd what animal is
somewhat what's the drink you always
order at Starbucks a venti iced green
shake and iced tea I never notice a
that's usually how I say i've always
reckoned that you know the one I'm
talking about
it's an iced green tea I hate Starbucks
so I'm not a big fan of coffee but if I
do go I normally can chose it because
I've got like half web to infinity
another the child is don't like to
caffeine this do you have any weird body
skills
I can do how I show this before I can do
this I don't know I hate that so much
writing tip of my fingers away I don't
have like a weird body skill I can do
this with my lips
yeah that's pretty windows don't it
we're both like tonight
what's your favorite comfort food or
food that's bad but you love to eat it
anyways like everything like seriously
this entire trip has been filled with
horrible
horrible but get food I love a good on
top clearly I love like sickly amounts
of peanut butter toast so good others
already can feel like even peanut
butters okay but they might - it's just
I just like I tend to eat a lot of food
the time what's a phrase or exclamation
and you always say Siri oMG oh my god I
say all the annoying ones
I say rainy viola
time to sleep what are you actually
wearing
normally yeah just my underwear t-shirt
underwear
what am I actually wearing the same
thing exactly when it's used I usually
wear one of Aslan's like future t-shirts
and if we're getting really disgusting
like wow you're letting it all know
about the role is everybody
yeah I was going to say sometimes I wear
one of those t-shirts with the one that
he wore that day
that's a creeper thing idea that is good
thing I don't I quite like it when I
stay we're a complete t-shirt of mine
and I like to wear the next thing weird
weird couple info that you're at home
like bull okay so that's it for the tag
for now we are going to wrap it up for
now but we will see you that's it no
more buttons that's all admissions oh
wow that's pretty good yeah so yep
how do you turn this thing off
okay so we finally made it to the air
B&B and we are you know we're so
exhausted that was like a lot of driving
for one day and yes late it's almost 10
o'clock at night now so we're going to
wrap it up and see you tomorrow for our
first day in Malmo anything you want to
add no let's go to sleep I'm Todd and
excited for that one yeah yay so we'll
see you tomorrow oh yeah you think it
looks good in it just like didn't you I
really like it and look at that's what
my sunglasses on I look like JLo oh yeah
just like it for my blog looks really
good I would look it makes you look
extra cute
