as one's taking a film photo of a lost
rosemary plant hashtag art oh look who I
see whose natural habitat a film
photographer it's time for breakfast
yes it is three sub home yeah breakfast
time this is actually FB clicking there
keep them trying to get their
reservation I know it's like number 38
yes we'll show you after we're done yeah
so four week who's got some override t
and the waiter is like do you want
orange juice as a yes
he knew me he knew we really cool waiter
okay so we're going to eat in a minute
to show you what we got and if you're
thinking girl you cat sweater yesterday
you would be right I'm ready nothing up
in the food has arrived here's my club
sandwich and a son got beat omelettes
and our orange juices and team so we're
just enjoying our breakfast okay one
thing that Stockholm if there are so
many cute dogs like hilariously adorable
dogs with a person oh yeah seems like it
okay I'm gonna try to see if I can show
you guys this dog who's carrying his own
leash okay can you see him he's crossing
the road now I mean see this dog he's
carrying his own leash let me try to
zoom in on that I won't be able to but
that is so cute and the other day we saw
like a dog that looked like a lion like
it had been completely shaved except its
Mane and like what else have we seen a
dog that was that brutal oh yeah the
crazy poodle who's like the craziest
poodle hair and just just like really
cute dogs people here really seem to
love their dogs and it's a beautiful
thing and here in the car we're going
shopping now and
uh it is Saturday so the shops aren't
open too long I'm sorry I'm chewing gum
buds deal was it semester um whoa sassy
what was that well uh yeah so we're just
gonna do a little bit of shopping and
then see what the world takes us there's
a couple of department stores I really
want to go to and yeah have a nice
little Saturday okay first stop we're
going to the store called grandpa we
went there when we were in Gothenburg
and we loved it apparently this is their
flagship which is really cool and it's
also cafe and I'm hoping a between legs
as always have to be Aslan's looking
mighty fine and a little blazer it's
really good you I really like that my
place I don't know whatever yeah but
it's nice I like the Blazer than you got
going on lately
who's this thing I was trying on a few
things here I really like this top it's
like a nice casual plaid little shirt
thing going on here and there's also
blazer I really like I thought the
Blazer on and we're just talking about
it I don't know I think it's a bit long
removed from my body long
yeah it's very good yeah yeah what do
you how's it going
yeah good um they have this rain jacket
exercise I know I've already tried it on
and I'm gonna get it are you gonna get
it - yeah what color black should I get
black or blue um I think maybe more
fancy
then why aren't you getting Navy we
already have a Navy okay fine fine
hitting up some more shops here we've
got uniforms for the dedicated
apparently and nitty-gritty and there's
this one place called papercut which is
full of magazine so let's go into this
place first shall we oh hello yeah think
any kind of cat do you think it'll is
good on it just look good on you
I really like it and look at this it why
sunglasses on I look like JLo oh yeah
not quite but just like it for my blog
looks really good I would I don't know
look it makes you look extra cute again
as long as trying on coats what a suave
man you are we're gonna get a cream yet
for the wind yeah exactly
um but guys these candles
I've never be right over film like I
just can't
I'm so obsessed and also who knew that
Kiehl's had so many cool things for men
they have like a cologne I'll go over
they have like a cologne here okay Allen
says it's a bit strong but I personally
love the scent of it original musk I
choose great salon myself they've got
the body lotion - oh my gosh they do
perfumes - so tasteful so we're in this
paper cup shop and they have probably
every single cool magazine ever
but just in case dizzi good so we've
moved on to a different part of town and
Aslan really wants to hit up the calls
they've also just released their like
autumn winter collection Joe sweet he
was on it last night he's like all I
heard was ass on oh my god I was like
what he's like calls have released their
autumn winter collection I'm like oh my
god I bought a shadow so yeah I'd
actually like to see as well because I'm
looking for a winter coat and it just
good work like I said in the morning
we're just literally shopping all day
long today sad but very true here's our
view right here we've got yah hey Jensen
hey George George infant and yeah
crossing road ran out to get hit
basically but yeah it's is this like I
think they're more ritzy area of town
like it has like Yvonne Street yeah it's
got like Prada Louis Vuitton Gucci Pucci
whenever you want to call them they're
all in this area but we're heading for
calls and I've actually heard that
there's an urban outfitters or no no no
no there's an and other stories around
here that's it just trying this coat on
I'm not sure if I like the fit of it it
kind of like is like one that goes like
this out I don't think that's really for
me I don't know it's like a loose like
coat I'm looking for a black coat but I
don't know about that I don't know I
think that's my style I wish it was just
straight Dan's gonna know I'm different
and look at this is a nightgown made out
of like a waffle t-shirt material focus
on this oh my gosh that is like winter
comfort and I'm so getting that so Aslan
is still in calls I'm going to a store
called face Stockholm which is a makeup
and beauty store I think it's just
makeup but we walked into cause and the
first thing as one said to me was
goodbye
have any walk straight up to the men's
section so just let him do his thing
this is face Stockholm and I have seen
it before I think I thought we had a
store in London maybe not but I'm gonna
go and see what's inside
oh my god there's a Sephora here as well
I had no idea I really don't need
anything and Aslan's never gonna find me
although he probably would figure out
that I was in Sephora but really cool
who knew so how was that it was good
although I made a mistake it's not 20%
jeepers any about like two or three
percent cheaper oh but it kind of if you
buy enough it makes it look like a 2%
she for her every mom at all get this
it's 20% no that's okay that's fine
okay so she walk down this street here
yeah you wanted to go I mean I went down
that Street already I didn't get any
makeup because I don't you know I don't
need anything somebody told me that
there's N and other stories near the
Urban Outfitters and there's Urban
Outfitters but I don't really see the
end other stories but today we're gonna
look so as when I are still shopping and
then we hear a state as well as Evan
here is Agnes he's just shopping as well
she's with her dad who's over there he's
coming along now so nice are you from
here yeah and you grew up here never
yeah we actually love this city
just be so nice everybody's so friendly
yeah you watch don't forget to first
yeah yeah beauty was cool now we're
going into mood Stockholm they have like
a huge list of all their stores here
which is really cool
very grand yet cool so look I guess this
is like a shopping center but it's more
like I don't know it's like more curated
stores or something it would use place
I'm so hungry you don't even know
I told ask them that I wanted to stop
her lunch she said no time for lunch
went shopping seriously you guys think
I'm the shopper he loves to shop oh I'm
something I know if we sell tonight she
would have missed that heart was the
other day because I do like do that I'd
like to stop and eat frequently so aslan
just got this juice and oh my gosh it's
King Kong size they're really really
good but anyway if we ran into these two
girls right here and all it's not my
thing focus focus focus on these two I
what are your names I didn't even have
and it is giving my money
hi do you guys make videos as well Oh
girls that's all right they were just
saying that they love watching YouTube
videos like Fleur and Amelia and
everybody like that which is really cool
a little gradual yes
yeah so I'm still shopping in weekday
and I have a big stack of clothes and an
e right here can really attest to that
because I have a huge sack of clothes
yeah your friend Austin yeah yeah have
you been to London report yes one time
really do you like it yeah if these are
people who have really traveled every
time I say this I've been to London like
yeah obviously yeah yeah that's really
cool do you make videos at all
no actually we just watch a little bit
what
so cookies okay so I think shopping day
is done I'm not even going to show you
how many bags we have because both eyes
of an eye or shopaholics apparently who
knows uh sometimes Marisa
I haven't shocked like this like from
morning till night in a long long time I
actually don't like it that much I'm
exhausted
my favorite Laura you know it's like
shopping Kapil Dev people disgust me
no you know anyway so yeah I'm really
happy with the things I got lots of
autumn clothing and yeah I just enjoyed
the day like nice leisurely weekend day
really so as you know we have not had
lunch it is 6:00 p.m. people and I have
not eaten in a long time so I think
we're gonna try to find a place for
dinner I've hair in my eyes I'm gonna
cut this short
I we're just trying to mark it can be
done it can be done it's too big like a
300 point this this space is literally
like you could not get this parking spot
we're trying to get in taste literally
the exact size of our car and I was like
going in and out and out
traffic in this spot okay we can do it
don't worry it's fine wait it can happen
turn on the other
that sound means stop going ladies do
your men do this as well I think this is
like a totally a guy thing is that this
was me I'd be crazy round a corner
looking for another place that doesn't
like we can get in here
visit in me give me to actually just
film this whole thing just so they can
understand how long this has been
something that long
it's just because it's good I'm really
like I don't wanna get a ticket here cuz
then it's like I think it's been a
headache to sort that out so this what
make sure
we're not gonna be snug and this time
that is not Wow it's very very
impressive work I'm not did I mad I do
so there's reason why I know be parked
here is there is a garage entrance right
over there so so all for nothing
we'll be looking outside but no way
there is a sequel to this going on but
do you feel like that's great that you
got that under your belt that is why I
like it but I was like perfect like you
know I bought it and I it's a new car so
it's good to get some parking back so
this was kind of as far as it possibly
is I think if this was like lychee to
mature 3-inches cook smaller Apple
couldn't yeah it's true okay
onwards and upwards
we're heading for dinner now and we when
we were shopping today there was a guy
working who was really cool as I
actually had like a 20-minute
conversation about how cool is going to
love yeah thank you oops I have my
discussing an attractor state hiccups
are apparently comes uh it shows her
like really cute girls I'm like what are
you talking about your hookah I'm fine I
just I always get there goes I don't
know yeah well they sound fine but I
don't like make it out you like oh I
can't help it but you guys have heard me
hiccup more
okay anyway today I'm talking about cool
this guy up anyway this cool guy from
the shop recommended that we get this
all recommended that we go recommends
that we get out we go for dinner I know
it's happening guys do the food okay you
recommended that we go for dinner at
this place that has really good Swedish
meatballs and we looked at the reviews
as well and the reviews are really good
I can't with these makeups like it um
yeah you recommend to go to this place
for Swedish meatballs and that is we're
doing is open it it's right yes go
public Oh Pelican can I just say I
always thought like the Scandinavians
are meant to be like very like seriously
a bar might be fine game or whatever but
what I'm thing I have noticed like for
example here we've got a huge like Chevy
Silverado Silverado
I don't know and there's lots of like
really big big American cars here I just
found out like I kind of just as a
comment good oh I thought I did we come
it would literally mean Volvo's electric
cars thank you well in Norway was you
know it was but sweet exactly I love
that big American Muscle okay we're
going it's very good a traditional place
I think
so we're just looking at the menu here
most of which is fish by the way besides
the point here for the meatballs I
cannot believe that they're serving
reindeer is that common you think
yeah I've just never heard of it before
if I really or saw really big reindeer
sticker no I don't think so my hiccups
are still still there
things are getting pretty Swedish up in
here on it I've got a selection of
different types of herring the Swedish
team Packers and some boiled potatoes
the meatballs are here the meatballs are
here and mashed potatoes what do you
think of these meatballs and these are
lingonberries finally I have Lincoln
Mary's Puyol so Swedish right now love
it
doctor a very full day of shopping and
eating I think we're going to call it a
night
all the makeups rose by the way yeah
you're really close emanuelly I love
sorry sorry we are wrapping it up for
tonight and yeah we've gotta like
somehow just we've got to just pack our
stuff I'm not talking basically we have
to pack up all our things because we're
leaving tomorrow morning special early
afternoon for Malmo yes so I guess
tomorrow we'll see you bright and early
and then yeah join us for some more
boring conversation whoo bye I'm just
gonna walk up these steps were there two
people up there make it out what do you
think it adds get a room jeez disgusting
yeah so let's do this thing
whoo we're on step five and I
