good morning everybody I am in the hotel
lobby about to get breakfast and then
today I think we're heading on a little
tour of the adidas or adidas
headquarters so let's see what kind of
food they will get my toast is going
through the toaster and I'm just praying
it doesn't get burnt because it's going
really slowly and it's already burning
so I'm just gonna turn it off and hope
of God Oh God leave it to me and there's
also these little mini donuts which I
really want but I'm not going to have
one I mean let's see this toast is
literally black on top oh dear ooh very
exciting I've got my badge to get in and
a group is here there's more people but
they're gone this is not a bad ride
looking good I'm gonna hop on the bus
look at this an actual adidas bus not so
bad we made it ohh whoo dad dude we made
it and this is the HQ I tried to say
that in a German accent but it's not
so cool everybody's here it's very very
chilly it looks like a winter wonderland
holder lads there's a lot of nice butts
in this crowd let me tell you guys
everybody's very excited look at this so
this is what the lobby looks like not a
bad Lobby so this is what's behind the
gate at E - world this is Eddie
the founder hole every desk could be in
1999 we had the first 500 employees from
adidas move up here so the region of our
brand is in the city center that's like
one kilometer in this direction there
are still offices there and the German
there Austin in a Switzerland market is
based there everything global you'll
find up here so we're working on a
solution within the next two years to
bring the rest of the family also up
here to have a big campus with everyone
involved guys look the water is actually
frozen isn't that crazy
that's how cool that is here halli acre
this campus is 46 46 acres Wow we've
come into another building thank God
because we're all freezing and it's very
nice I think there's like little booths
with like I don't know if it's like mini
stores Oh help we get to go down here
but it looks like this is where people
sit if there's like a presentation or
something the first part here is called
listen and this will show the
development of technologies of a pair of
footwear of athletes approaching our
founder and the other way around
we are now entering the adidas archive
oh I'm already seeing some pretty good
baby shoes they say wow we've had some
gloves and you will get also the
opportunity to touch the historical
items but me touch our historical items
only with gloves because there's sweat
on your fingers and then we destroyed
all the shoes so the first thing you
might notice in this room it's pretty
cool in every sense but the climate is
cool we have climate control here it's
always 80 degrees somewhere in winter
it's really cool to have in summer here
and 55% humidity and that's the best
climate to keep synthetic material the
problem with the synthetic is it really
falls apart the decreases their shoes
which are younger than me which are
already it looks like at honesty the old
leather shoes are no problem they would
last forever but synthetics need really
cold climate to stay like they are
it's the microcast the microcast was the
first true with the computer inside and
it hit the market in 1985 6 a great
functionality it could count your steps
and I think measure distance once I like
the opportunity to be here so this one
it's not it is really an icon it's
called icon and this was the first
football design for a Women's World Cup
event universe and I really love that
one it's it's I like the colors and I
like the monuments of the US you see
there's the Statue of Liberty so this is
I really love that one but there are
some really really amazing bags and what
I really love this one this one was
designed after the Olympic Games in
Munich 1972 and
you can see all the little icons and a
head looks so cool yeah it's kind of
like okay yeah it looks like Gucci so we
just finished the little presentation
wasn't a little presentation about two
hours long um just like all the stuff
they want to talk about so why we're
here but now it's lunchtime which is
probably what you guys care about a lot
more so I'm going to show you the food
everybody's excited but I'm gonna show
you and then the line didn't look like
that
getting all very healthy yet delicious
looking this is what I need I need a
personal chef to make me healthy food I
mean I suppose I have Aslan he cooks a
lot and he is basically like my personal
chef if you saw the Christmas dinner
vlog but yeah also I met someone who
works with Adidas and she's been
watching my videos since the dawn of
time which is so crazy like that's the
craziest thing about this you never know
who's watching your videos and like
doing it's just crazy it's crazy crazy
little world we're living in
isn't it yeah yeah so there are these
little tiny baby shoes except for not
big issues they're like little mini
Bluto type things and apparently we're
supposed to make these and yeah I don't
it looks it looks easy but I know it's
gonna be hard so I think these are all
of the ingredients needed I'm not 100%
on that but I am gonna go with that this
is the lace I found so let's see
well I failed miserably and now I'm
getting assistance but when this is done
I'm gonna claim it as my own and pretend
like I created the entire thing is that
fine with you yeah it's fine well I
managed to do it it's a great kind of
Farb
up close there are some issues but it's
fine thank you
so I've got my microphone on now I'm
having my Britney moment because we're
actually going to go to a panel in front
of like however many people show up but
I think it's going to be quite a few
people coming from adidas to listen to a
few people talk it's me and I think six
other girls including Carly Klaus so
it's pretty cool um so we're gonna go
down there now and check and I'm just
gonna be like baby one motet this is my
life by the way I'm in the corner being
a freak and everybody else is
socializing my life communities across
the world how they invade
into their days and also what they'd
like to do to collaborate without
weather so without further ado I will
introduce our loved one my name is s
Dave Eiland
I am originally from Canada but I've
been living in London for the past seven
years so my accent is all over the place
I am a blogger I'm a youtuber I've been
doing that for seven years I'm also the
author of brand new book out called blue
which I have to plug from all these
people
is pretty much it I wouldn't say I ever
been an athlete like you guys but I'm
trying to get into it
I'm trying and try decided run a half
marathon and like two weeks later I have
kind of like that I just set my mind on
something and I just do it probably was
a bad idea
I don't want the next day but I but this
is gold and gold you know I didn't know
what I was going to do and I started
pursuing blogging I started youtubing
that that was a channel for you to
connect and I kind of turned to the
Internet and I think that's how a lot of
people start on the internet because
Billy I knew somebody and you know the
Internet we talk about communities is
more than just in the Internet community
it's real people and sometimes people
forget like they see the huge numbers
and it's just a number but I meet people
every single day like I met someone in a
Christmas market last night and they
brought up hobbies my book design like
people so it's really interesting for me
because they've grown up with me since I
was 19 and obviously Fitness wasn't and
from all the opposite but it was not a
big part of my life when I when I moved
to England and I think just since
growing up and really looking at Fitness
in a different way like how Carly said
that it's part of her like mental
strength to to workout it makes for a
better person I'm kind of making that
switch now with my audience having so
many girls who went in and are kind of
realizing that as well that it's not you
don't work out necessarily just for the
physical benefits like it's a mental
thing it makes you stronger it can make
you more creative okay my face is a lot
more red in real life because we just
did an insane spin class Oh Lord a whole
load it but it's really good it's 45
minutes but it felt like 20 so that's
really good and now they have smoothies
which is just what the doctor ordered
okay I am back in my hotel room and I
just had a few moments to spruce up a
little bit so we had a quite a full-on
day today at the headquarters we well
you guys saw what we did because I've
loved it after the tour there was like
lots of little meetings and presentation
and you guys saw that I did that little
speaking thing a it's called a panel and
then we went to the gym and did a
45-minute spin class I was Oh ladies and
gents I was exhausting it was really
really fun actually then we came back to
the hotel was about a 45-minute drive
back to the hotel and um yeah just took
a shower tried to freshen up a little
bit because we're gonna go out for
dinner now and I'm very excited because
mama be hungry like when I say hungry I
mean starving could eat my own arm so
yeah I mean you wanna see what I'm gonna
wear the mirror is like right in front
of me so this is the best angle I can do
but I will try so I'm wearing this black
and white lacy top which is from babbit
on a tour it's eeeh it's so beautiful it
is see-through
we're in a little black brassiere but I
think it looks pretty and then I'm just
wearing some black jeans just my regular
black jeans and then my acne um
boots that are like a little bit healed
so that's the look tonight and I'm gonna
put on my leopard coat as well so now
this is the complete look which I love I
love this coat so much
the party's a woman
right so this is the situation it's very
beautiful
okay just got back to my room so I just
like didn't have my eyes open for the
entire duration of that sentence but I
just got back to my room everything's
great had a lovely dinner had a really
nice chat all about life and what life
means to me
and I I sleep now I go to bed now and I
will see you guys tomorrow for my last
it's actually like a half day you're in
Germany and then um then I go home so
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you
