good morning it is day 2 in Stockholm
today we are going places seeing things
tasting things and then going to bed at
the end of the day it's true hey
everyone
so we are still in Stockholm today is
what I would consider our real true day
in Stockholm I'm just a little slightly
out of breath because we just walked up
a big hill of met big and now we are
heading for breakfast it's so you know
yesterday I said you really light up and
Adam really early kind of true it's
10:00
but 10:30 it's 11 it's noon
no it's like 10 20 see ya it's like a
mental it's not 11 so anyway we're
heading to the cafe now to breakfast
we're walking through a really pretty
park we'll see you there I am hungry
as always I'm crazy
another important piece of information
yesterday after I stopped vlogging I
swallowed a fly honestly I'm not like I
actually swallowed a fly like a small
fly but it was still a fly and it went
to my mouth and I started coughing and
trying like spit it out and it's I
swallowed it and I could feel it in my
throat didn't have any water and then as
we proceeded to spend the entire evening
in his fly voice and no no no not my fly
voice is the voice that you made when
you swallowed the fly yes I was like
really patented really freaking out and
now as one has like a fly persona to fly
inside me and he won't he won't stop it
so the flying studies when the fly takes
over you you and you become the fly
woman fly button o su fly whatever in a
hole so don't do it
Joey's do it what did i do I say grace
you like oh my god oh my god I saw the
bike everything so yeah that's sad
that's a fly percent
we're just you know I just I just
thought you know I'd imagine her as a
fly word yeah like oh good a film a
video today but I kinda tend to fly
anyway so I'm sure this is for not
anywhere near hilarious are funny to you
guys yes - there's se fly but I can this
can be a permanent personality feature
of aztlán that one because he's been
non-stop since it happened you know oh
my god so gross cinnamon roll yes orange
juice times - and it's t4 as one I kind
of wish I got some Tina yeah really good
this is the café's saturn we've got a
little funky right now played sign thing
yeah done with breakfast and we are
heading to photographic scale which is
the big stuff Museum here and I'm really
looking forward to because I think it's
gonna be
there's a lot of Stacey that cafe is
actually really nice coming the best
soon well we've had yet rudia really
good soon wrong one thing about is that
we got what - I'm juices of TV and a
salmon roll yeah I net up costing 20
pounds so not the cheapest I think
that's even expensive I mean I know like
Scandinavia is very expensive general
but I think even for Scandinavia that's
a very expensive yeah and the people
next to us had the same reaction
favorite like looking at the receipt
like skin midnight but he's gonna need
and to all the right things and yeah and
it was it was right it's just yeah I
think that place is just doing what's
meant to go yeah yeah but Sir I mean
listen enrols good so maybe it's worth
it maybe
okay so we've just been walking for a
little bit we took the underground to
get here and here's the museum like all
you can see are these big beautiful
clouds but it is the
Photography Museum and we've heard lots
of great things of contaminant of loves
photography so this is his museum to go
to definitely and I have a museum after
this that I want to go to so you should
be good good time also I really have to
be so that's why I'm kind of let's get
in there
just finished in the photography museum
I don't seem to really like it don't be
scuff did you love it
yeah it's a it's amazing that there's a
huge space specifically dedicated to
other and in London we have the
photographer's gallery but it's a you
know any other size so nice to see that
you know it's obviously appreciated just
grand scale yes so right now we're
heading to lunch Aryan face called
Furman's and so many people recommended
this as well and let's go on Twitter too
that being said we've got to climb up a
lot of steps
we've actually got to scale this
mountain Aslan brought his hatchet and
his rope and we're gonna climb up this
mountain okay just kidding we're
actually just gonna walk up these touch
but there are two people up there make
it out what do you think it adds get a
room
geez it's disgusting yeah so let's do
this thing
whoo we're on step five and I am like
who have not by the way when you just
shocker call Moses again you guys see
those scuff marks you think they're
natural they're not I stayed by your
office apart okay let's keep
walking with Rosland tells you any more
of my embarrassing habits whew you made
it in a lovely little view over
Stockholm Long Island up here so here we
are inside Herman's and it's like a cute
situation I think there's like a buffet
or something
yeah that's what we need actually some
vegetables and some Sun on Gotham books
in the background yeah we got our plates
now and it was only 230 kronor for both
of us which is pretty incredible and we
have this much leeway yeah as much as we
want I'm just saying I've seen people
have full point yeah exactly I mean come
back for seconds it's all good what and
so yeah here it is there's the leap of
faith looks amazing it's a nice communal
feel as well very yeah kind of like a
very kind of a commune you know
absolutely no it's good it's good I'm
excited oh my god this lasagna looks so
good and everything everything is kernel
and then we have like a summit selection
over here yeah oh my god so this is the
food that we got it's just kind of like
a mix of everything lots of salad
lasagna and chili rice all vegetarian
and aslan got his own little food mix a
few like curry
yeah it looks absolutely amazing and oh
really good so we're gonna eat this and
probably go back for seconds thank you
for bidding what enough alone
as was being in ER flying again so okay
we just had lunch it was so good oh my
god if you live in Saco jr. do you ever
come to Stockholm that is the place for
you it's like it's so cheap like why
would you not eat there all time
wholesome good as food it is so good
anyway I think we're just gonna wander
around this little area here do some
little shopping do some little mom you
know yeah alternate eat some may even
call it mr. Perry some may call it
hipster we are walking on the streets
and there's definitely a lot of
second-hand shops around here like oh
this is one of many and they've got a
huge huge dollar hust right then the
window it's a nice one that big I don't
really excited you I even though this is
another food-related thing but
regardless this place I think is gonna
blow our minds
I suppose called parlance this is it
right here and it makes kind of the
cream swear something and yeah then it's
really gettin to make it on site and
everything else
so this is what they're famous for these
small kind of little squares and yeah
they look for deliciousness like loaded
face of lighters oh my gosh that sweet
shop was so amazing we haven't actually
tried any of this we pet because they
wrapped them up so nicely they put them
in a box and they put these ribbons all
around in this really intricate way
seriously I'm not happy
well famous urban deli and we're kind of
wish we hadn't had lunch well I'm not I
feel bad we did but yeah this place is
meant to be amazing as well and I'm just
saying like I wish my go-to stomachs
that we can have to lunch yeah yeah I
know so maybe we'll come here tomorrow
and right next door to the oven that is
high school goods store which is a
ecologically friendly and slash like 95%
organic not quite all again but it's all
meant to be glossary friendly so
everything is eco friendly eco give me a
little dance here to the music
nice okay just coming up to this little
bookstore con steak apparently it's like
a nice little store with tons of
different books and by the looks of it
it is a bookstore but with really cool
books so let's roll
yeah
so I just fell asleep on the underground
standard Hospital Sultan Azlan will
Instagram but don't worry at lion's mane
look it up yeah yeah anyway I need a
little pick-me-up here
and so I got this juice I know it's
blueberries and I don't know what these
are
I'm being too kind of dumb I don't know
if those are black bears no something
else anyway I wish we had this brand of
juice in London that I tried to now and
they're both amazing so yeah good stuff
okay so we just arrived and this is the
Swedish I don't know what the actual
Swedish name is but it's the fashion
Museum no this is the Sven Harry's
confusing and apparently they're hosting
a Swedish fashion through the Aeros
Swedish fashion retrospective 2015 and
yeah so this is the building so let's go
in it's really cool
brass building and lots of people out
here having little snacks so I'm on the
rooftop and I've absolutely no idea
where as lenez's he loves to do this so
I went to the bathroom and when I came
out the man was gone I've been through
the entire exhibition and I can't find
him and this is the second time today
that he's up he's like the logical thing
to do is to wait outside for me if
you're watching this you know anything
so yeah so who knows where he is I'm
just up here on the roof the loner
here's a little case of jewelry I can't
say that I've ever seen gloves with
metal nails on them before could be a
new thing look who I found
long time in there yeah i'ma where the
hell are you
files we did 20 hours ultimately a total
of nine and a half very quick yeah I
came back here this minute
no you disappeared No so basically in
the mid and a half I was gone you're
like a company like been going up I
didn't know we were in there how am I
supposed to know you're in there well as
I looked in the locker our stuff was in
the locker I thought you'd been
continued to exhibition like last time
in the photography place yeah I could
provide you and Mary there yeah well the
mother was ahead of me now love me a
lover's quarrel in museum features yeah
always stick by the end welcome
stick like nothing in the future isn't a
quite a lot here would have been useful
to give me that ground rule maybe before
you start Ashley status crashing okay
outfit of the day what am I even wearing
right now I'm like full black and white
sweater for monkey my trousers for
monkey my trainers converse that's about
ant I I don't know if it's kind of weird
I feel like it's kind of weird these are
like really high waist is what hosted
like a nine-year-old moment but whatever
this actually looks like something like
Kim K would wear if it wasn't knitted
yeah in a way we got things you wear
anyway better not bring up Kim Kate oh
yeah yes
what else do we have here oh look this
is like your copper lamp yeah this is
Scandinavian style this is crazy I guess
this is my runway stuff you're asking
the wrong person
it's like Queen of Hearts that's cool
yeah yeah usually Wales yeah yeah it's
just always very exaggerated this is
really nice though I like that
yeah and I also really like these cuffs
so it's been a little while since my
last vlog we went back to the flat I had
a nap and I also changed into my jeans
because I just feel a little weird
yep jamesy anyway so we're going out for
dinner now and we made reservations at a
place
yeah we did ice called Papa Logie yeah
so we'll see how it is
how's that already called and said that
for me fish is a no-go yeah also
hopefully they have some stuff that you
realize with a set menu that's the thing
with Scandinavia it's like very fish
heavy and I don't eat fish so it can be
tricky to find okay so here we are
pub pub below gave out a look all the
legs is falling asleep yeah and yeah
here is the menu if you want to read it
if you can read it Oh actually there's
an English menu right here so they so
we're in the restaurant and okay I just
want to show you this cool menu so
there's the table right and then you
actually have this little thing here you
pull and in the menu is in your drawer
and all of the color is in your drawers
it's really cool yeah you open it like
majority the restaurant actually one
just a long table and we were lucky
enough to neuter
a couple's retreat yes and oh one more
painting this place actually has their
menu to go along with the with the
course so it's a set course right I know
we have like a wine menu like those long
things but this place has a big menu so
every single course they bring a
different beer to match it yeah and two
more great news they are going to
replace all the fish with like chicken
meat pigs like that so we're all good in
the hood and it should be good
the first course is here it's just some
marinated pickled vegetables from honey
from a farm only three or four miles of
which is like my favorite thing ever I
thought yeah I was at some lovely
sourdough bread over here and some
unpasteurized French but apparently and
some sort of cheesy thing they make it
also of course number two Steve mussels
some chanterelles want some cabbage and
Purdue mussel sauce on the top and I
stay gets cabbage chanterelles and a
brown butter school and illness so this
is a course number two I think this beef
tartare with mayonnaise or bone marrow
some peas and the launch salad on top
cause number three because it one or two
of this but we got I got the late hey
she's a fish and yes they take on this
corn in three ways like normal kind of
grilled corn cream of corn and then
flour and a fried corn crisp i states
are the same thing so baby don't be my
dish number four i think i can hook me
anymore
actually small game really adds up yeah
i need because it takes like 15 20
minutes between each dish like you kind
of get full daily quickly anyway so we
have now a Knick Knack of ham lovely
neck around with spanish and delicious
ham with some celeriac his use of
truffle doesn't trust summer truffles
just sprinkled lightly on top
it's really good first time in my life
but I've ever had a precursor kaboom
it's say something I'm gonna plumb
something in barriers and settles going
over so that was actually the pre desert
oh this is like a work of art it's
really like an art installation so we
have here if they will for there we go
we have there a oatmeal ice cream some
berries and two oat crumble the top and
fried Cicilline he said oh so they're
that tomato sir oh now the poster that
okay this is a little passion fruit
mousse sponge thing which is lovely
and we've got something soaked in
elderflower okay so we are really really
really cool that was so good that was
such a treat for us it was a lovely
treat it was nice that was like a date
pretty lady it was a nice combination of
got a gastropub food with a little bit
of sort of like
yeah feel sorry okay very nice so anyway
we're going to wrap it up now because
you're gonna go back to well we're just
gonna like walk around a little bit
thank you fine and we see you tomorrow
and tomorrow it's actually to be a big
time that was my thing you're on the
microphone yeah my finger was on the bag
that's cool yeah tomorrow's gonna be a
big time shopping day for us because one
thing we love is an avian fashion and
we're gonna be hitting up all the she's
all the stores tomorrow yeah so we'll
see refresh
