good morning everybody I am in my
pajamas we just woke up sitting at the
kitchen table and I'm actually editing
well - you guys will be yesterday's vlog
and yeah just doing some other work it's
about 9:30 in the morning
Alan's making us breakfast which is
really nice because we went to the
grocery store last night we got some
eggs and toast and bacon and
strawberries and some juice and we're
just going to have a little laid-back
breakfast time yeah exactly yeah
sometimes there's nothing like smoking
good breakfast yeah sometimes that's all
you need just mostly yes and as other
night love having breakfast like at home
I don't know it's like one of our
favorite things to do so that's what
we're doing so I'm going to continue
editing and I'll let you know when Aslan
has created his masterpiece breakfast
has arrived okay we're having bacon eggs
toast and strawberries and this juice
that we picked up it's strawberry look
at my nails I can't I can't
it's strawberry apple and mint and it's
really really good and yeah I guess
we're gonna dig in kopi dad maybe today
oh my god nice shirt so boy
so I've just been showering and doing my
makeup and fiddling around not doing too
much um but yeah Azlan just got back
with some good news yeah so um anything
be fixed by the end of the day today
yeah right now the guy said they can
find a window probably of somewhere it's
gonna be it's on its way there finally
and then better done by the end of day
yeah it's amazing amazing considering
the the dealership said like what like
eight days yeah and it was way more
expensive from the dealership yeah so uh
incredible great great news Stockholm we
heart you indeed thanks so much to the
guy who runs the in beak is that you
maybe help the top like you know yeah he
gave us some numbered everything so
without him yeah we would have been yeah
we were actually thinking like canceling
the trip basically well yeah I didn't
want to take heading home yeah this is
not safe exactly so perfect yay so
Aslan's just mapping out a few things on
his phone for restaurants and stuff they
were gonna go to I actually had a quick
moment to paint my nails focus you mofo
focus there you go I'll have to do is
call your nail polish a mofo and it'll
focus and I actually had a spare minute
to paint my nails and these are the only
two nail polishes I brought with me
maybe I have one more but I can't find
it anyway this is the color I've been
loving all month long
it's called sitting pretty by Essie such
a pretty pink shade I love it my
cuticles that's a whole other story but
I just like quickly filed them down and
put slap some paint on there and then my
favorite top coat is of course the sash
beat I love this stuff but I have lots
of favorite top coats I also really like
the formula X 1 and the Dior one but and
I also like the Sally Hansen diamond
shine 1 or whatever that's called but
anyway this vlog is not about top coats
is it that is for the beauty Channel and
basically yeah we should probably get
going we've been just like doing stuff
indoors and but it's time to actually go
out and explore the city the thing about
traveling for longer than like a few
days is that sometimes you just need a
morning to just re connect yourself to
the world and do your emailing and do
your other things and just have like a
little Zen moment as if this was your
home you know what I mean
that make sense yes that's why it's
great to not be in a hotel because you
actually feel like I don't feel like I
live here but I just feel like you know
it has things that a house would have
that's quite nice yourself a little
grilled cheese if you wanted to I could
make myself a grilled cheese but oh my
gosh we're just like looking up these
restaurants that you guys are
recommended to us thank you again and oh
my god they look so that we're going to
this sausage place
I don't know today we might go in a
couple of days but Siri you know I love
a good sausage ladies am i right
I'm all right gentlemen mm-hmm love a
good sausage I was looking I feel like
you have a problem but put a little
sauerkraut on that sausage and I will be
yours so that's good just get some of
that sound crowd oh my god so you know
yesterday I was like I watched the Nicki
Minaj anaconda video and I tweeted and I
was like one word anaconda and a couple
of people we're like I think that's so
gross too much information you but just
for reference I was talking about
Nicki's new music video okay girls let's
not get sick all right all right let's
go just so you guys know we have an
awesome Biff team just incredible like
already all exclaimed like a thirties
left or something and you do this velvet
hmm have the kind of clothes
kind of like in Titanic yeah hopefully
well none of the bad stuff is gonna
happen yeah okay so moment mm-hmm please
not see all the floors coming down it's
it's kind of Awesome yeah at first I was
kind of scared but now I'm just obsessed
I think it doesn't oh cool
this whole building is I want to live in
developing this yeah I know awesome okay
so I just thought I'd show you my outfit
today because I'm really channeling my
inner Kurt Cobain I think with this hip
this cardigan this is from a big book
and I got it the other day and just like
my regular jeans trainers
Maggie t-shirt feeling a bit today but
that's just the way it is and my hair is
like frizzy frizzy something I don't
even know hey what's that smell
something I think it's teen spirit
nice nice place I planned that I would
like to do I didn't deliver it as well
as I thought okay
ashlynn has decided to get his hair cut
finally let's just do before and after
we've got some serious hair village I
said I told happenes growing a star so
you getting your hair cut
yeah at this place crystal looks amazing
what's missing business he loves the
good barber places yeah yeah look
making piercing brushes love it
okay let's do this
okay looking like a hunk or what wicked
boots do a little turn yeah it looks
great
it looks really good post neck a little
bit shorter than about it but yeah
that's always happens so lost in
translation yeah a little bit but your
hair grows so fast that's probably a
good idea in like a week so look it
looks really good
I'll go a lot better yeah like yeah
looks really good we had to come back to
the flat and now we're waiting for the
cool elevator again I just want to show
full process you push this button thing
and then you wait for it to come up here
it is how cool I could get enough of it
paneled Ross glory how many times can we
show this thing an elevator and if
you're wondering it is the same day I
just decided that I needed to change
because I just didn't feel right you
know you just don't feel right sometimes
hmm
so I changed and uh yeah I could do
another outfit of the day at some point
but it's weekday Topshop monkey New
Balances cause Santa's face that's hair
this is a messy bun someone commented
the other day and I love that that was
clever so we just got off the
underground and we're in like the old
town area and it's very cool the
underground here is so cool I'm sure
we'll do like a little more information
on that very spacious yeah it's really
comfortable cool climate yeah climate
wise right
yeah anyway here's what we're looking at
right now nice little old town feeling
so that the Christmas lights up love it
and yeah just like a really laid-back
vibe so yes we are in gamla stan' if
anybody's wondering and it's full of
these kind of medieval e cobbled streets
and narrow alleyways and the reason for
that is because this is where Stockholm
originally started so when Stockholm
first became kind of a sad one this was
the place and I can say Pelham won't
stop calling me so Stockholm literal
translation stock means log L OG and
home just means Island so it would just
log Island and they think that the name
origination is because of the fact this
island would have had lots of treason
originally so in order to create a
settlement here they would have cleared
all the trees so kind of the trees
became logs you know like log Island
okay that's maybe it's quite disputed
but that's one thing and as I've been
talking about how much we love Stockholm
we just really get the best of every
great city used into one we absolutely
love it here and don't worry London we
still love you
but yeah it's such a cool city and we've
only been here for like less than a day
so yeah I bet if you live here you just
love Stockholm it's so cool it's it's
completely different to what I call it
in the best way really cool ooh look at
this nice little alleyway secret the
buildings are kind of bleeding a little
bit
so nice oh my god we've hit the ice
cream mother lode seriously this is
insane so many neat kind salt licorice
oh there's like let's see blueberry
raspberry licorice oh yeah yep yep yes
people it's happened this is a homemade
cone make the cones over there oh guys
in this little thing here which is
really cool
oh okay let's eat this look at this oh
my gosh I can't guys you know this is
great so Julie Christie yeah as one got
salty licorice it looks amazing can I
try it first actually yeah okay I fell
off the curb definitely that oh my gosh
it's so good
sorry good thing tastes like pure
licorice don't you mean so here we have
the Stockholm Palace which is the
official residence of the royal family
here I think Alexia protests going on
just over there some sort of like
feminist protest and the interesting
thing is that it's happening right let's
roll palace which is something very nice
to the sweet store now that happen I
can't imagine
protesting at Buckingham Palace I had
like my hater weathers purses they're
bucking Palace and here the houses of
parliament Swedish version so we want to
get some lunch we are at flipping
burgers mm-hmm this game is supposed to
be like the best burger place I've had
like 20 to 30 recommended just let me
come here here we are
so the burger trend not only has it been
hard in London is being hard and so oh
my God look at this dog immediately yeah
like a sausage dog bur you know yeah
that's cute you got to see it out like
black and white silhouette but probably
even adds the fact that it's we don't
even want all right I like light of my
life yeah yeah yeah this pretty good bit
on your face okay so we lied the burger
place is actually closed until four
o'clock so it's like 330 now and we're
just going to go to there's a cafe
called Pascal another recommendation and
we thought we just get a like a little
drink they're not letting too much to
eat because we want a safe room for the
burger um but yeah oh
stockholm you're beautiful beautiful
city
okay so we're just enjoying our tea and
I actually forgot to vlog this ride to
take a picture for my blog but the SATA
T came in this tea server thing and it's
amazing sight during hair to be really
nice cool atmosphere here in this place
yeah I'm a hundred percent gonna be
tracking one of these down so I can make
myself some jasmine tea at home and
drink it in a cup and that's how you do
team I'm saying great news everyone
okay obviously we did not decide to go
to the burger place we didn't really
have time because we needed to pick up
the car before it closed and the car is
fixed it's all good
how does that make you feel I feel
freaking amazing cuz yeah I thought is
gonna be a huge deal
and apparently the reason why the
dealership would take so long is because
they get the same glass but they just
want to put the outer logo on it and
there let's put the Audi logo audiogram
so they would have order but these guys
just get the same glass but there's no
logo yeah and you can't tell her okay I
don't kill brand it is yeah we were just
saying like this is the best thing that
could have happened out of the situation
like I didn't think we were gonna be
able to get it fixed and like you know
20 less than 24 hours eight hours is
crazy so that's really amazing
anyway what every day now we're actually
gonna go to a different restaurant and
because we don't really feel like
burgers and burgers our burgers our
burgers our burgers you know we want we
want to try something a little more more
like rabbit done yeah exactly we want
more rabid dog and less burger so yeah
we're gonna head to the different
restaurant and do that so okay so here
we are on a little island of skep
Suliman there's quite a few kind of like
boats and things around here and general
already type of building a few museums
plus there is this restaurant we're
going to by the name what was it called
again
like I'm over by the name of yet that
yeah
yes another recommendation yes thank you
very much I feel like we don't even need
a book
this is me we don't quit twitter is a
guidebook nice to see cities based on
recommendations from people who live in
the cities yeah it's the best way to
trial honestly and across there there's
a little amusement park
remember in Copenhagen we went on one of
those swingy things right at the top you
want to go again on this one this thing
was kind of terrified of that was a good
living daylights out of me okay and used
to badass used to love all those right I
used to be a badass there was a time
now you're just a scaredy cat I am yeah
you tell me you would know you wouldn't
go up I get a great view fly around I
mean I've done it once and once is
enough
okay uh-huh all right okay what are you
doing I'm gonna jump just jump down very
good
loads of boats around here I wonder if
any of them are like houseboats yeah
maybe there are only because even the
river there's a blacksmith here I have
right there are quite a few houseboats
and suckle so I mean it's not a surprise
because city made of islands but yeah I
mean I live in a houseboat never yeah
cuz you get seasick so that that would
be yeah yeah might wake up a little
knives being sigil is that I would not
what clean look look at this mini and
big let's get it cute yeah
steady with Amar's on three wheels like
a Swedish Mars cool so here it is yeah
dump
I mean I really hope that it's open this
is a classic we come here it's an on
time it's like 5:30 so it may not be
open don't look lovely interior as
everywhere here really everywhere has
lovely interiors the appetizers are here
it's more than an appetizer is like
pretty big but it is pork sour cream and
roasted peaches I love peaches so looks
really good
okay the mains are here and I got this
cute little chicken thing with like lots
of vegetables underneath there and
here's a cauliflower sauce and aslant
got the blackened salmon all black and
salmon looks very good let's eat just
finished dinner and it was really good
and um yeah we're just basically heading
back now I know today's been a bit of a
didn't really do too much today but oh I
disagree
yeah we've got the car fixed that's true
walk around the middle Eagle Park yeah
we really like mystic pot so we're done
dusted that we can now avoid that yeah
yeah we got ourselves a lovely dinner
yeah nice nice little holiday vacation
day so yeah I think we're gonna wrap it
up for now we're heading back and I've
got to do some editing stuff like that
you know the huge and yeah we'll see
tomorrow okay tomorrow is gonna be more
of like a day packed full of stuff we're
baby we're waking up early a little
that's what we say we're working up at
7:30 12:00 morning and doing lots of
cool stuff so you're gonna tune into any
of the Stockholm dates it'll probably be
tomorrow Thursday I hope so yes yeah so
um yeah we will see you tomorrow and
have a good have a good one this was
done without the weird ending he got me
I just started doing okay all right so
we'll see you tomorrow
bye just walk into the police station
now
kind of get this situated organized
yeah let's see how this goes never
thought I'd be in a Swedish police
station okay
