good morning everyone I am eating my
breakfast I'm having the leftover
cinnamon roll that we had yesterday
mccaf√© it's actually still really good
I think it's actually better today boys
maybe I'm just a little bit hungrier I
don't know yes so we're just kind of
like chilling out having breakfast
getting all of our bags packed and soon
we'll be hitting the road to go to
Stockholm which is really exciting but
also oh we've got about the blueberries
we also have blueberries some would need
those blueberries too and that's all I
have to report I just uploaded a beauty
video if you're interested in my summer
get ready with me it's actually one of
my favorite get ready with me is that
I've ever done and aslan helped me film
it it also features a little bit of
Reggie if you're missing on Reggie like
I am and it also features my new bicycle
which is you know I wonder how my
bicycle is doing as well so I'll link to
that video down below if you're
interested in seeing it and oh and also
a lot of the makeup I'm wearing in that
video I'm wearing on this trip and lots
of people have been asking about my
makeup as well so yeah check that out
I'm going to finish my breakfast and
I'll report back soon so as one's just
getting the car so I thought I'd do a
little quick outfit of the day today is
the driving videos a driving video nice
today is a driving day so I'm going to
be in the car for like four hours
ish maybe more so I thought you know
what I want to be comfortable so I'm
wearing this sweater at the same sort of
been wearing for like the past like 12
years no it's one of my new ones from
weekday trying to show you the fuzz the
buzz focus on the fuzz it's not books
and clothes my t-shirt is from monkey
and I'm wearing my Lululemon's
these are just like the most comfortable
things in the world and they just they
just make you feel like everything is
gonna be okay you know what I mean
ladies it's great and just my converse
standard my tote bag is from cause so
that's what I'm wearing and yeah on a
completely different note I just watched
the Nicki Minaj anaconda video oh my god
okay so some pretty terrible news
I was like I was in the flat and I was
thinking man asin's taking a really long
time what's taking him so long
and he finally came back up and it turns
out that someone actually broke into our
car and smashed the window and now we
don't really know what to do it's a
really bad situation so just to show you
evidence someone did break into our car
please please let's go to a police
station make a report there I'll call
the insurance company out of your head
right now
yeah they didn't actually take anything
they just smashed open this window and
obviously realized there's nothing in
this car comes evangeline it was
actually signed like the whole yeah yeah
just I think they just thought oh it's a
farm god if they have some money or
something valuable the only thing I have
is really horrible face or just walking
to the police station now just trying to
get this situated and organized never
thought I'd be in a Swedish police
station okay so we just filed the police
report and yeah I don't really know what
that does but I guess you needed for
insurance process it doesn't help
obviously so now we're going to try to
tape a garbage bag undo the back window
and yeah but I like Ethel saying that
the thing that sucks about is you can't
really park your car anywhere because
it's so unsafe to just like leave your
window like that um so yeah let's get
taping so what has happened since I last
long basically we went to the car
dealership and they started
take like three to four days for them to
get a window so that's obviously not
covered so we just decided to have it
all taped up like this and drive to
Stockholm so it's about three Ishwar
hours to go and there's a dealership
there that because we're going to be in
Stockholm for about four days anyway so
if we get there tonight maybe they can
get the window and I don't have got
enough so that's what we're doing if
that developing is the dealership closes
a half an hour afterwards you two get
there so we can't really like stop or
like hopefully we don't get stuff any
traffic or anything like that so that's
the scoop let's hope for the best
before we get this
replaced yeah also it's raining outside
again whoo yeah it's another cold wet
day in Sweden this raises are you gonna
test my set of taping ability yeah haha
what a time I made the seal on the black
bin liner yeah ed lifted tape that thing
on pretty well but yeah it's it's
getting a real test so I was on an iron
board in the car because there was like
those huge traffic jam definitely not
gonna make it on time by the way um but
we're just like really running out of
things to talk about what each other
this is going on what day like 12:00
together 24/7 so we're like what is it
the cosplays like is it laid out a lie
down which situation do you use it okay
what's the difference to you late and
why like I'm gonna go lie on my bed I'm
going to lay on my bed keep lying on his
bed she's laying on her bed he's lying
on his bed are you saying what is it but
whatever that's that's besides the
actual point of this conversation which
is if he's okay we're talking about
what's the worst thing that's ever been
stolen from you and he's the curious
thing about this car go probe into right
but nothing was stolen
not a single things actually missing in
the car it's just so so bizarre like
surely like even something would go
missing
yeah but the shopping so I was just
telling us on that when I was in high
school somebody stole my iPod and it was
like one of the brand-new nanos when
they first came out and I was extremely
annoyed because I just spent like my
entire paycheck from working at Colonels
popcorn stand I'm getting the iPod
bedazzled out of stand in the mall and I
was so heartbroken and where are we
going with this oh yeah the bags
I said also once I lost my purse and
someone returned it with all the money
and stuff in it and then Aslan said that
he thinks 90% of people would return a
purse with money and stuff in it like
wouldn't keep it they would return it
and I think that's pretty high I said
77% yeah so you you guys let us know
what do you think how like the
percentage of population I mean
literally they find about about money
and eggs or like mobile things that how
many would return it yeah not touching
and I'm not talking about which you
return it what do you think of like the
general population what percentage of
people would return it so I think people
do it but I just I think 90% is quite
high yeah Jannik so I know maybe I'm
just a skeptic do you think it will
change from country to country yes I
think it changed from country okay well
Nikes maybe say what was sent if you
think it is country are oh yeah
interesting entertain us okay
the good news is we made it to the
dealership on time bad news is they can
not help us so absolutely pointless well
they can't help us but we'll take them
seven days which is three well what's
into eight days yeah which isn't
particularly helpful so what's the plan
now
alright now I mean we're gonna go to the
place that we're gonna be staying at we
will leave the car I'll rather try and
find some secure you know multi-story
car park in a good area of town I
suppose and I'll probably just delete it
then I'll tape up the window leave it
there and I'll try another like window
replacement place tomorrow morning on
Airbnb guy was very helpful he gave me
this number but they're closed not open
tomorrow at 7 o'clock in the morning
I'll give them a call tomorrow morning
Sifu get replacement the question is if
they also say oh you know what we have
to order it from you know wherever it is
it's gonna take ages take like five or
six days question is do we continue or
just go back
so anyway kind of a damper on the trip
not gonna lie it's been a bit of a
stressful day so yeah we will talk to
you in a bit so now we are settled into
the Airbnb the guy who owns this place
is really kind really nice guy helped us
out bring the stuff in even give us some
duct tape so we have reworked the car
window to make it extra secure to go
find some secure parking for tonight
yeah and we'll see what happens tomorrow
you know no use getting stressed up out
about it now like you know there's not
there's nothing you can really do
nothing's open so best I can do is put
it in a secure place try again tomorrow
have you got anything to add just I'm
really hungry all right let's go this is
day okay so weird dinner yes fine dinner
and guess what having time again guy
recommended us to go to one restaurant
but is really fun so we just were about
to faint now we are having Tyre favorite
Christina it was just basically nearest
place next to that so yeah we've got
some spring rolls and some salad chicken
stuff has arrived
I got a pad thai no I've got some sort
of curry I didn't know what it's called
but it smells good we're doing a classic
couple thing where we swap dishes
halfway through cause it's great fun and
it stays on my curry and Deb she is in
pain yeah I'm at four on fire lips doing
something they like quivering let me
zoom in right there never come out of it
so we're just in the supermarket getting
a few things and I think it's time for
us to wrap it up we are exhausted as I'm
sure you can understand so robbery that
really cool sooo much yeah I was just
gonna say it really cool supermarket but
yeah good
good food and I saw a mini pineapple was
really cool wrapping it up here tomorrow
right we're in the store next door and I
have these two adorable little Bulldogs
you know but kind of so well behaved
just both munching over this little boat
so cute
