good morning everyone coming at you from
a slightly less glamorous elevator today
um we are in a lift I am acting weird
I'm tired yeah well it's not even the
morning anyone no it's like afternoon I
don't know what's gotten into eyes on
tonight I think it's the rainy gray
weather but we're really kind of like
tired and very nostalgic in the morning
very lethargic yeah yes well to get off
on Adam but here we are the ground floor
so we just had a money exchange place
because we only had in our region kroner
now we have Swedish kronor oh yeah oh
god it's so cold I okay when I packed my
clothes for this trip I would say I
packed 88 to 90 percent summer clothes
yeah yeah you pack for the Bahamas back
to the follicle it's summer I thought it
was gonna be hot but it is it's it's
autumn weather basically and so I only
have like two sweaters and no coat and
like to hear Jay today I'm fine I'm fine
yeah that's what this wind so it's a
windy it's a cold yeah so the weather
has been like not amazing I should have
just looked at but actually not being
said though when we got to or hoose
it was really hot so I I just assumed
that's how the whole trip with me anyway
well I was very short I didn't pack
properly I'm looking at all my call
Thanks I'm looking at all my summer
dresses in my luggage like why didn't I
get to wear those this year at all like
I didn't even get to wear them in London
really so anyway all right that's me
signing off I love autumn though like I
autumn is like the best season to wear
clothes I know yeah everybody always
looks their best in autumn cuz you can
lad that you can layer it
wear scarves you can do like wear tights
and boots and of so many beautiful
things so yeah I'm excited to go back to
London and we're all close basically oh
just look at a folder listing carry on
this my new umbrella that I got my
monkey it still has a tag on it
don't umbrella I can't let's get some
saucy she go to the start tell Mary
oh well come out we'll get this house
especially I have to say as I'm looking
mighty fine in his outfit today my
pulling up you're really pulling it off
but this is his new jumper from weekday
it looks so good on him nice colourless
shirt ooh work it pretty good yeah no
you look nice we have the umbrella maybe
taking away slightly it's also really
flimsy the one kind that like turns
inside out 24/7 is this we're going go
main core say I do the best sausage in
let's go in
oh my God look at this big sausage match
sound crown this kind of fried bread
thing yeah real good
it's got the same and I have like an
amazing cuz like 810 different sauces II
grab it's incredible and we demolished
ours pretty quickly because that was
free delicious I'm still working on it
but I'm so cool but it's like so smashed
potatoes I just think as another day
that I really miss my grandma's mashed
potatoes yeah
it's not safe but it's like hit the spot
so now we pop into this damnit a place
for coffee maybe looks on a sweet I wish
you guys could see us every time we
actually tried the food because when we
try something we like become the world's
best food critics like we just tried to
cinnamon bun and I was like oh really
good and I was like perhaps a bit too
much card about given up like yeah I see
what you're saying it sounds like great
consistency in the dome like who do you
think we are like we do a lot of food
though I would never call myself like
I'm not even slightly educated when it
comes to food so but I just love it so
much that's you know and another thing I
can't wait to get home and watch the
Great British Bake Off because they've
been waiting to see it and it's already
started I just started yeah I think so
and I really want to watch it and Come
Dine With Me oh yeah my digress yeah
still not letting up but we're gonna
carry on I'm gonna go to this artillery
ATS place honey that's kind of cool
swapping this way I still interior store
if they spit tell something this you
know yes Corp and little bits of color
yes it's beautiful I love a bit of cork
I love a bit of colour you know what's
nice about this place they have like all
this you know what a goobie
hey stuff but same time they also have a
really good mix of other things it's
very good about collecting you know
which is nice soon
yeah I stay does let my tote bags we're
in this store next door and I have these
two adorable little Bulldogs you know
both kind of so well behaved just both
munching over this little bow so cute so
we were just wandering around shopping
and we ran into Mona actually Mona
tracked us down but it's okay she's so
nice and I remember that you tweeted me
did you take it today
last night well but my teacher presented
and I didn't realize you can say okay
well I know it's nothing cuz she looked
familiar
anyway I always recognize people that
I'm like exactly are you when I get home
and I'm like oh yeah I decided for his
routine anyway she's going to give us
some sweet recommendations and places to
go don't why that buzzing yeah sugar off
your Luger yeah we're here on that sing
element already Oh Lord shall doesn't
stop cold yeah we can today yeah what's
your favorite thing about the city
yawns yeah this is like a great question
see they are married okay oh yeah oh
yeah everywhere we're just shopping and
found my winter mix intimates oh wow is
it a very it is a very large but is it a
fashion or is it a bear outfit this is
part of a bear outfit oh we're so wet
you're so cold
mm-hmm so the weather's just gotten
worse and worse and worse yeah I look on
your walk it literally just hits your
entire body like our legs are so cold
and wet so we're trying to weigh our
options here what do we do
I think they just go to that Hollywood
place and just find a cafe or something
we can sit down wait out the worsen
seems like a particular area that
supposed to be like really nice and cute
so we might just go over there drive
over there and see and hopefully this
rain stops a little bit I don't care if
it stops raining completely but just
that that pouring whipping it in your
face 60 mile an hour sideways no you
know
but when you think the hope is over when
there's absolutely no light in the
tunnel it does a break there's a break
in the rain and you can carry on Sian
we're now in the harbor area yes it's
almost five o'clock now and we're
getting a little peckish
is the word yeah and we're gonna have a
little peck of a giant cinnamon roll
yeah it is true cinnamon rolls the size
of your face it just moved
well me you know just let's just show it
off here wow it's huge and for the
record Ã¶zil has a pretty big head yeah
so it is really big and look at this I
already took a sip out of it so it was
kind of deranged but um yes no I was
just admiring the cool mug that it came
in and I actually saw this in an
interior store we're in today so yeah
really nice and oh I also got this
cookie just cuz I really wanted to try
it it's like a really super skinny thin
cookie and it tastes so good to be tried
it really good these are very big so
game through the whole thing is quite
difficult feeling full yeah
so let's go say this cafe yeah it seems
like she is quite old because the panel
on the ceiling here they seem very good
a lot older than the rest of the cafe
like this is like modern more better but
yeah I feel like that's been open for
quite a long time you ever know on a
different note I saw someone ask for a
takeaway bag so you can take this okay
oh nice good idea nice
now remember when askew viewers found
the part where I put my finger in your
rip gene holes she sexual yeah what
about this intense what about this 15 I
didn't see much republic school yeah I
didn't vlog in the shop we were just in
but I just bought some potpourri yes
I'm 85 years old apparently but it's
actually a modern kind of potpourri so
it's these stones from Madagascar
apparently and you rub stones together
it's like salt or something anyway I'll
probably show you guys at some point but
it's really cool and it smells amazing
so yeah just thought I'd let you know
that I got some potpourri okay everybody
we're back home I am high on coffee whoo
I'm gonna do an outfit of the day since
we just got back and I'm chilling like a
villain got my hair up in a topknot I
got my most comfortable sweater on ever
I got my shorts on I got these little
socks with lemon slices on them what's
the deal um so we're just chilling I
think we're just gonna honestly take the
evening easy tonight we are pretty you
know something methods weather just
takes it out of you but we're also doing
laundry and I just want to show you how
Athens drying our underwear this is how
it's done ladies and gents this is how
it's done I seen Aslan's underwear and
mine no rest for the wicked that's what
we say we're going to a restaurant a
Thai restaurant and another
recommendation from you guys and it's
called a hello monkey right
and it's apparently a nice Thai place
we've been eating so much Thai food on
this trip I don't even know why I hardly
ever eat it at home but it's good anyway
I should start eating or and yes that's
what we're doing I am in my half pajamas
and my hair is up and I feel like shiz
but I'm also hungry and I'm coming down
from that coffee high I had earlier and
I got a little frisky there for a while
I was running around and screaming out
wings and acting weird I was like
properly high on the coffee but yeah
that's worn off now and I've been low so
I need to get the Thai food to get your
back in it in the normal range and
that's that's the update for today so
I'll see you at restaurant so we're are
we we're eating food
okay so you got some ideas that one
chicken wings and I've got a nice little
beef salad hmm we eat way too much for
always thank God all you guys do eat
it's like actually just feel of it I
just find it like it's so important to
experience different color things okay
so dinner was really delish I'm really
glad we went out even though as you know
I really wasn't in the mood before
that's usually the case anyway I feel a
lot better
Oh coffee you do crazy things to me
coffee
did you enjoy dinner yeah it was lovely
I mean I recommend if you want to entire
experience
yeah yeah good great little Thai
experience anything else to say that's
it really wrapping it up for tonight
yeah it's what I gonna wake up early
again cuz we'll be making our way down
to Stockholm yes tomorrow we're going to
Stockholm we're both really excited to
see what Stockholm has to offer because
it seems like a pretty sweet city and
yeah okay so wrap it up and we'll see
you tomorrow bye I just want to say
thank you so much for all of the
birthday wishes I was so overwhelmed on
Twitter and Instagram and I even got
emails and comments it was insane I've
never had that busy birthday wishes in
all of my life and people actually made
me little
