so good morning hey what are you doing I
am tweeting a link to a new blog post
and watching its Judy's live and I feel
so bad because I am like a month maybe
even a month and a half behind on
Jeannie's watch Judy I'm sorry but I
just have been so busy but I just
watched you so okay could you catch it
up all right
nice so today we're leaving Oslo and
yeah basically packing up you know
normal thing this is what happens life
on the road you have to unpack and
repack every couple days what is it with
hotels and then a big nice carpet
I live in a hotel I thought that's some
decent carpet I think they choose it so
that if it gets dirty like you can't
really tell yeah maybe
yes what they go for but there are other
options it's just a funky pattern
alright I stay saying quick OTD I have
to squeeze up my side I'm not in the
photo like smile you look weird too late
for breakfast and clearing anything up
rebels that's fine
big fail actually was completely right I
wasn't your fault yes it was like I was
ready yeah eleven what there's a ten
Aparna yeah that's how you make sense
increases Rekha so I'm not sure what
you're thinking right anyway we'll get
breakfast along the way so we just
checked out of the hotel and now we're
in the car clearly I'm just stating the
obvious we are heading to breakfast I
think we're going to go to this place
called the Nighthawk diner which was
another recommendation from you lovely
people I just want to say thank you so
much for all of the birthday wishes I
was so overwhelmed on Twitter and
Instagram and I even got emails and
comments it was insane I've never had
that vide birthday which is in all my
light and people actually made me little
images like Illustrated me things like
saying happy birthday asking stuff and
it was so nice so thank you so much we
didn't actually vlog yesterday on my
actual birthday oh yeah we just wanted
to have a nice black day so I hope you
guys can understand that I did do a blog
post about the day with some photos and
stuff like that so I'll link to that
post down below it's called birthday
reflections and also my mom sent me the
cutest video with my grandparents of my
brother you'll see in a minute that
they're sporting the clip and they are
also eating Tim Hortons doughnuts and
I'm so jelly so so so jelly but y'all
enjoyed that clip now
highest a we're just getting together to
wish you a happy 24th birthday happy
birthday as he I love you happy birthday
wish you were here so that is my little
Canadian family I love them so much and
I just thought those the nicest like
birthday gift I could have ever had so
yeah anyway onwards and upwards we are
heading to the breakfast location there
it is an I hope dine in all its Art Deco
glory
with coffee fresh delicious milkshakes I
don't have one of each
it stays having a real difficult time
picking what she wants I want it big I
thought I knew what I wanted to marry
and then there was pancakes
sounds like chocolate chip pancakes yeah
like you so yeah I'm gonna get
everything sure
I don't think specify yeah shares good
but it's yeah it's really something it
kind of like a original there were
definite going for original dynacord
appeal yeah yeah a big dog no big kind
of not even class here but you know ya
know what I mean okay
foods come can you believe this can you
okay look at that photo right breakfast
bun we've got these huge ass pancakes
inin toes in mine
yeah it's amazing TT this is good this
is gonna be good I just came out the
other diner there it's raining again oh
but that was really good like really
good records you don't want an amazing
breakfast my hope and oh my gosh the
waiter and the waitresses were so nice
oh really nice very nice and they had
all these like American sayings like the
waitress came over like hug worth of the
meal just said like Oh how's everything
treating you so far like I like I said
so we just wait in the car park of the
monk museum waiting for the rain to stop
cuz yeah we don't a god that's gross but
yeah one thing you guys should know is a
state of love a good scalp massage don't
you yeah love it this is like a little
too much like this won't go there
swish it on the back here ladies get
your man or your woman to give you a
head massage if you're watching this
with your significant other
she ends up looking like this yeah it's
a good look yeah oh here we are
the monk who is it okay I'm off resume
oh look who I find in here
hey how long you remit uh would you say
dude I didn't know weed in height Hey oh
and pump easy
see a lot of monks
that's pretty cool that I get I still
see the pain flick oh yeah
just saw the screen pain no photography
and there are security guards people
yeah we turn very security-conscious in
this museum which John says fair enough
yeah yeah okay I was too neat pretty
cool
we're leaving and then we're making our
way to Gothenburg in Sweden last time in
Sweden Norway we are moving on
yes that's well goodbye no way hello
sweet yeah one thing we've noticed in
Norway is that there are so many
electric cars which is really really
great and Aslan did some research and
apparently there's like a huge
government what's the word like tax
breaks the motive incentive incentive
government incentive to have electric
cars and I won't get into the boring
details but here are our three electric
cars right here and some are actually
charging in these little charging things
which is really cool so this is the
Nissan Leaf and then that's the BMW
what's that called the i3 the i3 yeah so
really cool ok so it's a little bit
later but we've been busy bees basically
we parked the car found the Airbnb place
went inside put our stuff inside chilled
out for an hour and how we are hitting
the streets and I think we're just going
to wander around there's a restaurant
we're thinking of going to tonight for
dinner and we're just going to try to
get like a general feeling of the area
and yes you booked off in berg has to
offer
okay so when are the Central Street are
we it kind of honestly kind of feels
like Shaun's early late doesn't it that
Main Street it's cool these like shops
and restaurants walking around seeing if
anything strengthened so we were just
wandering around and we found a little
restaurant it's called and they Kaleo
hello that is Mediterranean food which
we haven't had in a long long time and
we just didn't really know where else to
go and it seemed nice and it's a nice
little atmosphere there's like these
heating lips out here
and I've actually also got a little
blanket because we're sitting outside
and that's really nice anyway there's an
English menu I'm not I'm not that hungry
but I'm definitely going to try the two
Z key to Tiki or whatever with garlic
bread and the trilogy of spicy salsas
I love that what are you gonna get um
maybe I'll get the lamb oh sorry I
wasn't here unless they got a lovely
kind of grilled the Mediterranean
umbrella some tzatziki I've got a
carpaccio roll with some vegetable
crisps looks very nice the mains are
also now here what did you get looks
like a delicious salad nobody's really
getting at like a mixed grill affair
going on here with his lovely chunky
chips and we have a trickle or of salsas
although we have nothing to dip them in
yeah we're great
now since we couldn't find any birthday
cake for my birthday yesterday was
yesterday
yeah yeah Oh time flies no doesn't
anyway um we decided to get a chocolate
cake just split yeah
that's really good
that's too embarrassing like I said I'm
gonna die
okay just finished dinner it was really
good we're kind of tired now so we're
just going to walk back to the little
place and call it a day so with that are
we wrapping it up wrapping it up in the
blog yeah exactly
we'll see you tomorrow bye oh I will put
like my destiny was good yes then you
want cake lady gets cake okay so we are
wrapping it up I'll see in the next
