good morning everybody we are back and I
have wet hair because we're in a bit of
a something's tickling now my stomach
sorry we are having breakfast basically
and breakfast is going to end so we had
to rush out the door and yeah
quick little general overview of what's
to come we've got a huge conference room
full of food so Tuesday
going like wow you are gorgeous
everywhere anywhere it seems like you
know I I mean I've been to like
Switzerland and it just doesn't come
down
I'm sorry Switzerland but Norway's good
now this is actually so high up in the
balance that there's snow and after
driving up acid and I was talking about
how we felt like we were actually on top
of the world because we're so high up
you can see like this snow up there it's
crazy just feel like it doesn't you
can't get higher
oh my god no way geez okay let's take a
little detour down here take a little
run shall we has to stay back there
somewhere
I have never seen an egg with pre-made
bacon inserted before very unique very
interesting unique slide show the
original Jewish guests this hotel
probably starts a lot yeah and for
people who don't eat pork in general but
anyway luckily for me I do and there's
watermelon and oranges and yeah we're
just eating enjoying life so we decided
to spend the day shopping because
someone on Twitter told me that
everything is closed on Sundays and I
don't want to risk it didn't know Sunday
it's my birthday and it's true tomorrow
is my birthday but by the time you see
this it's probably past my birthday
anyway so I actually wanted to spend the
day just like going to bra shops and
stuff but they said that it was closed
so I thought I'll just go to the shops
and I want to go to today so that's what
I'm doing today and I also all over
Norway there are these little creatures
it's little these little things and I'm
fascinated by them I just want to come
up and touch it what am i doing right
now anyway yeah they're everywhere what
is it what do they called gremlins
goblins
I don't know first stop on the shopping
is this the till Karl Johan's gate and
there's a couple stores that I want to
go to mainly big flock oh my god there's
tiger in here as well so uh that's what
we're gonna do let's go in here shop the
night away the day away the afternoon in
the morning I like the Pope the Pope
smokes dope who knew pretty much how I'm
feeling the day before my birthday
lowlife hello here's a little mini
shopping basket why do I want this like
what would I even do with this but I
want it so bad don't you look at this
thing
just a little fries instead like fries
yeah so the fries I love that idea
okay so we actually found this big book
it's a flagship one so could be better
than the one that was in there so let's
go in the t-shirt that says bloggers day
off I think I'm gonna need that
definitely that's coming up with me so
I'm just a big buck and I ran into these
two other girls what are your names
yeah yeah oh my gosh and they were just
telling me all the cool places to shop
and saying that big park is a very cool
store because I've got lots of things as
I'm holding them all here man yeah okay
so we're wrapping it up now I'm gonna
continue shopping all those girls were
so nice that we saw in the store and by
the way I
I do love a little bit of Big Talk
apparently and oh you so much control
yep and apparently when I was in the
change room they came back in gave aslan
some chocolates so girls we do know I
love chocolate thank you so much it's so
nice can't wait to take it to those
later so I'm just walking along the
street still shopping as always and I
ran into Mary and we're just shy and
choosing that she reads my blog that's
really nice
you know I don't know what I always had
why not I just want everyone vlog but
yeah that's cool did you grow in Oslo
yeah I did yeah brother the Manchester
oh really yeah oh cool it's really nice
yeah we're loving also so far we've only
been outside of the hotel for like an
hour and a bit how yeah but so far so
good
yeah many people told me that I need to
go into this store
here we go I'm going to butcher it so
string cream something like that
apparently it's a point is this the
place that's run by two Danish women I
think it's a boys run by two Danish
women and it's like really well-priced
like stationary and stuff like that kind
of tiger esque anyway this is the sign
here we're going in saw strin green and
it looks just up my street oh and
someone tweeted me the other day saying
I needed to get this mug that said I
can't say it he gay okay you're right
yeah cuckoo cuckoo gay yeah I think so
booty hey gay whatever and it's it's
like a mug that says that phrase so I'm
gonna look for that right now
we found the bug so thank you so much
the girl who recommended this I cannot
remember your name right now but I saved
your tweet yeah thanks I love it so this
store really does have a little bit of
everything a little bit of art a little
bit of stationery a little bit of this a
little bit of that it's pretty cool okay
shopping update just went into weekday I
have never made a weekday before I've
heard of it I knew it was gonna be good
but oh baby it was great I got so many
clothes and it's actually quite nice
because I've branched out from Topshop a
little bit surprise surprise yeah we say
was amazing and I'm tempted to go back
tomorrow because I feel like I missed
some good items but probably not yeah we
chose really cool now I think we're
gonna go back to the hotel drop off our
bags and then see where what I'm doing
more shopping yeah I can do more
shopping
dropped our bags off and I thought I
would do a quick coat Edie even though
I'm wearing the same thing again this is
the only sweater I brought with me
because I thought it was going to be so
hot here but it's actually mostly normal
weather but anyway yeah this my jeans
are these ripped ones from Topshop the
elevators opening okay the ripped Jamie
jeans from Topshop but they're the
purple colour they're like an aubergine
eggplant color and I love them and my
black t-shirt is for monkey and my tote
bags from coast so we're here for lunch
and it's ice cold
like intestine and it's worth another
recommendation from the beautiful
viewers of although I'd tweeted this
morning thing does anybody know where we
can have lunch today
and so many of you gave us great
recommendations so we're here today and
another girl actually sent me a photo of
what she ate at this restaurant I was
like yes I'm gonna need bread and it's
like at a place so yes should be good
and the week was so nice and it helped
explain to us what everything was
because we were looking at the menu
light no idea food is here looks
delicious we got this amazing looking
sandwich
so I've just tried everything and it's
amazing so these are like fried
artichokes
I love artichokes for the passion and
when they're fried it's like hell yes
some meatballs delicious this is like
potato fried so good this is like pieces
of steak with like this like tomato leaf
chili sauce and this sandwich is beyond
beyond so there is there's delicatessen
I'm sure you can find on google if you
want to and the food was amazing it was
really really good like the typical
Spanish food but everything was really
fresh and well prepared is just
delicious I have to say something my
brother I have to say it was really
really good
Syria so we're just leisurely walking
along and I looked in the windows like
oh my gosh this store looks amazing we
have to go in there and it is boliya
calm and Aslan seems to already know all
about it
I said knows all of the places man so
we're gonna go in and see but uh yeah
this is gonna be good
need i say more om G the smalls any
lighting freaks in the house because
we've got some seriously sweet lights
I've been this Wow another
recommendation was to come to this hot
chocolate place called Coco on the go-go
and you know as some and I can never say
no to a good hot chocolate
oh so this is the place over here Koko
on the go-go's we're going it okay here
are hot chocolates I went for they had
so many different kinds they have like a
thousand different kinds as I got the
dark chocolate and I got the cookie hot
chocolate so want to try it makes you
hot I want to try to pronounce the area
that we're in grünerløkka and that is
where we are I think I've done like a
particular area of all clothes I guess
more bohemian yeah more like the hippie
hip area and actually I just popped into
this jewelry store and because I saw a
ring in the window and I really liked it
it was really weird and unique and
something I wouldn't normally go for and
it was gold I normally wear silver
that's why I'm wearing I'm wearing gold
now but I normally wear silver like
really dainty rings this one's not very
dainty I'll show you when we get back to
the hotel but yeah I just thought I'd
treat myself that was like a birthday
gift to myself even though it's really
but yeah as let hates the ring anyway
but I don't I should know I was like oh
should I go in and look at that ring
awesome but anyway while I was in there
looking at the ring as I made a little
friend a guy on a bicycle who had
traveled all around the world
yeah and yeah it was the guy was like
decked out like kind of like weird
clothes and I came outside and I was
like do I need to be scared here but now
the guy was really nice yeah that's
pretty cool like should and out of like
Indian sorry material yeah okay he's
already found it you
as one made a friend in Norway so we're
gonna head back to the hotel now drop
off some stuff just chill out for a bit
I might do some editing and then yeah
we'll see what happens we're really
tired it's almost seven o'clock but we
had a big day yesterday driving all day
long
ten hours yesterday so I think I'm good
well I mean I've driven more but it was
like really challenging roads you know
we just saw a mouse actually it was a
rat exactly right it's in the park you
know it's in the park right in the park
no biggie whoa love rats um yeah I
thought that was another wrap but that
was a pigeon that was a feathered rat
okay
by the way guys this is the ring that I
got and I was just showing uh something
he's like wow that is quite something
but I really love it I don't know why
it's not like I said it's not something
I would normally have liked but for some
reason I really liked it so anyway that
is my ring ok we are back at it and I've
got ad lens coat back on again because
it's pretty chilly out there it smells
like paint in here this wasn't Street
shooting sniffing some bait anyway what
ok we're going to the Opera House
we are D just to see it on the outside
just rave in this place ok let's go here
it is what is now probably a world
famous male opera house seems like every
single picture of also you see always
has like this now this has become like
the Oslo symbol oh yeah hopefully we
gonna climb up on top of the keynesian
there's a stupid sign climb up to the
top there may be nice view
got a pretty badass looking concert over
there I believe they call it rap music I
believe it's the hippity hop of the beat
cool there's like something going on
with Wiz Khalifa already is is it sounds
like that type of music but Wiz Khalifa
we've got some two badasses down here
they just we helped for a swim
crazy Fitness I'm just thinking please
not very many people there like more
when you're down
hey we should join them yeah well I just
as we were walking up you're an athlete
tripping over something and like when he
tripped like caught himself like this
but I thought it was like dancing to the
beatings like a little breakdown here
here we are at the summit again that's
important absolutely she's trying not to
eat so hungry she's trying not to get
hangry but it is emerging out of her
it's emerging with it I know okay I am
when present view up here and pleasant
background music
you love to put into a rabid eyes you
you're not to pretend you're here from
the hood your gangster yeah it's true
yeah nice you and a another cieariy drop
trying to get people artists yeah I know
I know
all right so how's your first day ever
Oh slowly lately good very different
than what I imagined pretty you always
have a vision of what someplace yeah
like a preconception yeah I was very
different very different okay I see I
really like everybody's really nice it
feels like really chilled out here mmm
chilled yeah yeah that's what the guy in
the shop told us yeah the cool Swedish
guys yeah he's honest that he really
likes also anything cause a lot more
chill about a mix not home that's my
question
yeah tomorrow we'll do a bit more on the
museum touristy things so yeah we'll see
we have bit more twisted outside I think
today is good we just walked around got
a sense of the enemy officer and not to
mention twice my birthday so we're not
doing two divisions because
I'm not into that sweep a you know
on this one there's one main one yes
what was it so join us tomorrow for my
birthday festivities which we're just
taking it easy really but we do have to
find a cake I will put my foot nesting
what's good yes yes 91 scape lady gets
cake okay so we are wrapping it up and
I'll see in the next
you say the f-bomb a lot Oh Oh God being
here is a perfect time to say I was
terrified of Epping beat oh oh god okay
sit on it send it though ah
just calm down calm down oh god no as
ones really scared of bees he was
attacked as to what's in here
