I never wear my sandals in today
hey everybody we're just waiting for a
boat not that one
maybe that one is it that one no we
don't know it could be that one but if
it's not that one we're gonna sit here
and do the couples one-two-three tag so
let's do this thing
after a few minutes we've realized this
is not our boat it just came here and
left so should I show them the scenery
yeah it goes on the scenery I just wanna
see the sea because we haven't shown in
this beautiful Norwegian I'm quite few
like a little lying valley grass so I
know we said no vlog from us today but
we've got a 45 minute wait ahead of us
yeah and we're trying to kill some time
now that I'm reading these questions
though we've actually done this before
but we're going to do a revised version
and I can't get any other tag questions
because we don't have any internet so
couples one two three tag here we go if
your boyfriend or girlfriend could be
married to a movie star who would it be
Natalie Portman Ryan Gosling yeah yeah I
do love God you do you love them so much
that sometimes I think that you probably
have fancy line I will neither nor deny
the Ryan Gosling fantasies am i right
ladies
so yeah I like on tumblr I see always
sieste posting pictures of Ryan Gosling
walking his dog that's like your fetish
like I thought like a porn scenario
you'll be Ryan Gosling walking his dog
know what I love about Ryan Gosling is
when he does the fist thing and he like
makes his lips do something hot not what
I just did but he's just like he's so
yeah but yeah Natalie Portman for you
100%
mmm 100% 100 yeah program if your
boyfriend or girlfriend could be a
celebrity who would it be
I think you'd probably either want to be
Kanye West Oh what's her name Kardashian
nuh nuh chick from the simple life Nina
Ricci on a knee she what's the name call
Richie Nicole Richie yeah either Kanye
West Nicole Richie maybe mix of the two
mmm no I I definitely agree with Kanye
West
I love Kanye West everything about him
yeah but I also made want to be Kim
Kardashian I just love her as well and
Oprah and Beyonce that would be my other
two I see but let's admit it
the reason why would be Kim is do that
ass yeah I love it you love that I'm
having a huge huge man's I am obsessed
with Kim's bum it's weird I'm obsessed
with it I don't know if you'd ever want
to really be a celebrity I can't think
of anyone who you really love would want
to be yeah yeah maybe not like am I
wrong here I just can't think of anybody
yeah I mean I do like different
celebrities but I think like I don't
know I wouldn't want to be anybody I
wouldn't want to actually be gone anyway
yeah but maybe it's like live like I'll
be Kanye for a day that'll be kind of
cool yeah okay so who would you want to
be for a day so stay can't doesn't she
can't I can't think of anybody who I
want to be somebody for day maybe be
that new dog or something maybe no no
that would be that guy who's like on
Instagram what's his name like Dan bills
billionaire or something hey Dan
billiards anyway he's a big-time poker
player he's just got like so much money
and he has like the baddest bachelor
lifestyle all he does is just like hang
out with supermodels shoot guns and buy
Oscars wow I never pegged you as that
kind of guy just one day just pretty
okay fine you've gone to 7-eleven to get
milk and decide to buy your boyfriend a
girlfriend a treat what did you buy
7-eleven slushie definitely to me yeah
okay I know is it a Canadian 7-eleven if
that's the case then
yeah it's so true and you like a good
Snickers Snickers Snickers bar yeah and
but Aslan likes the weirdest stuff like
I probably get him a taquito I would get
us some of that weird stuff that's like
greasing up there near the counter for
like three days I would get him some
weird flavored chips those way sauce is
that rolling that's the kind of stuff he
likes it's weird
what percentage of house work would you
say your boyfriend or girlfriend say
wait what percentage of house work would
you what percentage of get what
percentage of house work would you
okay slightly go that much work number
four what percentage of housework would
your boyfriend / girlfriend say that
they do what do you think I would say
hey do you would say you do 50% here
yeah and I would say you'd probably say
that you do more than 50 people to be
like 60s I would say I do 60% okay there
you go
so do you agree with me I mean maybe I
think it depends but I think we're we
have like quite quite set things in
certain things I state does launch I
don't do the laundry and I do the
cooking yeah that's even that's that's
always set but all the other things like
sometimes I'll do more cleaning in
general for like a couple of weeks and
then you'll be off it and then you'll do
cleaning war and stuff no no under
anything really know sometimes as that's
that's not true sometimes Aslan does the
dishes and cleans the kitchen which is
really nice
yeah sometimes stinky word a lot of time
if your boyfriend or girlfriend could
choose one thing for you to get rid of
what would it be
so the last time we did this I remember
I said that Aslan should get rid of this
pair of his weird brown pants and as
ones that I should get rid of my sheep
coat and we both did end up getting ya
reckon rid of it you know I know what I
want you to give it because it's the
weirdest thing
what you know what I'm gonna say your
brand-new sleeveless blazer my sleeving
why why'd you hate it so much
okay I don't actually hate it it's the
only thing I can think of I just think
is a very odd item of clothing well why
would you want me to get rid of it I
wouldn't really I'm just answering the
question okay that's it
hey you one don't want you to get rid of
now this is been inside me for a long
time I feel always bad for saying it
that huge muumuu pajama top that you
have that's a moose what is it what is
the Moose a something moose wake up yeah
I moose wake up and it's literally just
like it's it's a ridiculously oversized
long t-shirt it's a nightgown and you
just look like somebody who just lost
okay
because what I wear that I have lost
don't care it's a nice night go okay
I was asleep as big that's nice it's
nice no sleeves later what is your
boyfriend or girlfriend's most repeated
sentence or phrase I know yours what's
the problem what's the problem what I'm
saying that way no don't say it like
like oh what's the problem here no it's
gonna look a joke in like I'll be like
oh I'll be like oh wow we're gonna order
pizza again for the 12th time this week
and asking me like what's the problem or
something like that
okay something like that a lot
okay so I stay all the time 24/7 I'm
hungry I'm hungry I did it I'm hungry I
make sure I just slip it in like the end
of any like sentence you'd be like oh
it's a really beautiful looking field of
them wonder how long it is to get tells
I'm hungry I've always hungry but it's
not for like hungry for meals I just
have to always be snacking
I can't open well the thing is that a
state doesn't actually eat like a proper
meal side whenever she does sit down to
eat like we sit down to eat right and I
will actually eat like the whole meal a
steak will only have a manage I got most
huh okay so it's just because you don't
eat as much per sitting like I do yeah
you just need to eat more to others they
eat smaller meals all day long which is
actually I think much better for you
well I read that it's much better than
I mean big names imagine what is your
boyfriend or girlfriend's most used cuss
word and there are so many to choose
from because both of us we're like
sailors you know not a great habit kids
I can't stop you know one stop I won't
stop I I feel like it shows so much
passion they say that if if you don't
swear you're not as creative really I've
heard that somewhere we're gonna make
that sounds like he's made that up for
me but it shows like that the person is
full of passion okay well I could see
that definitely I mean some things
sometimes you do need to swear in order
to put emphasis in some I mean I don't
swear in situations that I'm trying to
be like profession or anything I would
never swear around your mom or anything
like that
well I think like you don't really swear
with people you don't like feel 100%
like you I only swear around my besties
yeah exactly which i think is fine right
yeah but I think sometimes if you are
just with somebody you don't particular
that well like I think swearing can work
sometimes like you know if they do if
they like if you're driving along with
somebody and then suddenly just like
rams into the back of your car I think
it's all right for you to top the eighth
one oh yeah they says you know that's
perfect yeah but is that my favorite the
f-bomb the f-bomb is by fire funnier I
use it quite frequently
and there's somebody at phys ed bet ya
your favorite one as n says a whole a
lot yeah this guy's an a-hole what an
a-hole you say the f-bomb a lot oh
there's a homo God being here is a
perfect time to say as one's terrified
of Epping B oh oh god okay it's just a
dog it's under the boat
ah just calm down calm down oh god no as
ones really scared of bees he was
attacked there's two there are two wasps
in here
just get out I know you're that they're
still in here
it's on my leg and you don't even care
no it's on my leg
yeah it's over there get involved okay
it's down there now what do we do to get
out
there we go get out little guy
yeah so so so is this thing still on yes
oh Jesus oh my god its back
so it's that no this is what's happening
right now we're going full-blown a/c up
in this heezy
no let's make you a trap on inside okay
let's finish this off that's what she
said um what is your boyfriend or
girlfriend's ultimate favorite movie
well I just found out recently that your
favorite movie is there will be blood
yeah and Shawshank Redemption yeah one
of the two uh yours is definitely with
almost famous yeah
slash the notebook depending will come
no another notebook my favorite movies
are almost famous into the wild lost in
translation
okay well you me that yeah my a meteor
just hit you've saved everything
important what would you your boyfriend
or girlfriend go back to get like
something unimportant something
unimportant yeah oh okay
like all the important stuff is saved
this is just like an extra acai
unimportant I was gonna say tangle
teezer but you probably worry bought
that because very important you're very
important this I love a tangle Peter
yeah yeah you might bring your pots and
pans
ready your knives you're good knives no
new bike yes that is good that's all you
you love it's a good one yeah let me
bring you for my stationery uh Oh your
stationery yes oh you're ridiculous man
emoji team yeah okay as when you'd bring
your you might bring your tools my tools
yeah I'll quite like this ring that yeah
yeah okay
the saying opposites attract is true
because me and my boyfriend or
girlfriend are opposite at Heights
yeah we're opposite Heights as lenez 6
foot 3 I am 5 foot two and a half six
foot turn-on
going for difference also opposite races
officer races we're opposites at I like
to consider myself a calm person and
kidding um well as 'ln doesn't need a
lot of sleep and I do I need like eight
to nine hours of sleep a day yeah I'm a
sloth like we don't belong I didn't get
to sleep until about 1:30 and we woke up
at 6:30 and he was absolutely I was
things ahead on some point uh okay
that's it that was the couple's one two
three tag I hope you enjoyed our in the
car trying to board a ferry rendition
yep um made a mistake using the GPS
rendition like seriously what like today
we have to go to this one like specific
church and the whole trip is gonna be
like nine hours and I don't really don't
like drive for more than nine hours in a
day it's just like you're not safe so I
didn't realize and for because of that
reason we had to wake up extra early
woke up like at 6:30 this morning but
we've been waiting here for an hour and
a half yeah gonna be waiting for now 45
minutes in total could've woken up and
frickin could have could have done a lot
of things yeah get us left all right so
we're gonna wrap it up we're gonna wait
for our boat you can read so she needs
mostly and we are going to see you in
the next vlog diggety exactly tomorrow
bye
Ridgid let me see if I can get the
camera screen up so I can see a little
bit better myself oh my god I am kind of
terrified Oh
