hey everybody really super excited right
now because it's like 8:00 in the
morning we're going for a six-hour hike
oh yeah I'm actually really tired but
we're going to get breakfast on the
third floor so let's do this thing I
have to say the breakfast selection here
is amazing we've got lots and lots of
different selections oh my gosh the
build is fruit yeah I'm gonna have my
way with you and you and you and you I
do it is it is feast time here's what we
have a nice little breakfast lots and
lots of fruit and they actually haven't
had smoothies I think as on this is like
the best without breakfast ever some
eggs bacon toast more stuff over there
we need to get our fill so you know when
you get like an orange slice like this
you would probably either like me like
this no actually beyond this is what
slay does so exhibit a um just squeezes
it out a little bit and that's about it
yeah just like the Jews just just like
what he's get some orange juice then why
don't you tomorrow
what time shoes okay it's pancake time I
did make these make this yes please
nice nice
looks good that's good these are the
toppings Canadian maple syrup that's
what I like to see we're a little bit
scared and confused because there's no
clipper to flip the pancakes
who's gonna use his bare hands
imogen frog badger come on we're gonna
be one with nature today use it with
your hand it's like practicing to catch
a fish in the lake with your hands look
you can do it making tiny mice element
older I don't notice but him don't touch
because there we can't make pancakes on
because it's a mermaid already so I'd
say yeah got in trouble yeah we also get
it just put the plate down from the note
yeah yeah nice yeah
but you know please officer
it's one do you want an education come
on yeah thank oh wow look at this
parking spot starts here ends over there
that is ridiculous no wages you know how
to do parking spots right so I was an
idiot and I lost the parking tickets so
I'm trying to find the parking attendant
but this is not in the booth that I
would expect them to be so I have no
idea what to do now annoying okay so in
a bit of a pickle now dad why did I lose
that but this thing won't give me a new
ticket either because it says
yeah we're gonna try and both okay
cameras are watching but see me yeah
well is it great I saw one is it okay
let's jump on three two one
give me jumping give me jumping dang it
not enough okay we figured it out
because we are too stupid to realize
when there's a telephone button right
there although we both looked for it and
we've outside means - cause I don't now
we've gotta pay this much that's the
price you gotta pay when you wall is
fine because the day rate movie the day
rates 144
yeah it's a little bit more than it is
anyway it's no big deal
everything is still great and we're
going through this hike and I'm so
excited about it and I'm going to hike
up that mountain and we're gonna see a
damn beautiful view so let's do this
thing
we are on the ferry this is my this is
my view what a beautiful view people
what a beautiful view in work already
oh my god yeah absolutely no this video
you
so there's a stay this because I've
actually forgot to bring my waterproofed
oh I'm not actually that mad but it's
really cool though so then I said I need
coats and so as we had the cause bag
when we were shopping even a stopped
wearing Aslan's new coat yeah yeah you
don't want to get it ruined but it's too
freezing that's fun it's fun lol good
wash it you know so I mean that's that
weird kind of material drag there no
minute yeah here we are headed over to
practice stolen I think that's how you
pronounce it break kiss darling yeah and
yeah I just hadn't been in today we were
driving you to our hi cursor huge yeah
so it would be nice so beautiful I stays
a demand that she needs to stretch for
this yeah usually stretch work or
exercise
this isn't the event like going for like
a run this is like a easy trick an easy
trick come on okay that's it that's you
stretch
oh oh oh the quads is wellness beautiful
come on let's get going what it hasn't
been what three minutes already been
overtaken okay you can do this trust me
it's just you I just got a very naturey
person you know I like I like it
you like nature I like nature but but
you don't like this it's not in me you
know yeah okay okay
today digs in you believe in yourself
today your nature button I am first
break under that's it at the car park
maybe no that's what the cardboard car
park must be somewhere over there yeah
what is it
no it's something so hey yeah
very first break yeah I've got my second
what about 10% into it don't do this 10%
yeah okay that's the hardest part know
you're is it the guy who we were
standing beside you said was like these
like don't worry it's all uphill from
here alright nice hiking it up he's kind
of a rocky roads very well made lots of
grip and stuff so
got it and the view keeping getting
better and better and better okay the
sweater has come off it is it is hot did
not need that coat that is fro sure um
just to give you a little insight into
my life this is just one little little
hill here we've got another hour and a
half of this to go I'm actually kind of
enjoying it though
like it is hard for me because I'm not
yeah must fit person but not the most
unfit person either so it's a nice
little nice little challenge for me and
I better go before I think this parts
pretty cool we're just walking along
this wooden path up there but um yeah
gorgeous so there's more people come up
it's very busy today actually but yeah
there's a few odd I'm going to go up
there thing the rock is up there but
stay somewhere with a ship when I had to
go to catch up with her guys words and
videos can't express how beautiful it is
here it's just gorgeous
this beautiful lake reflecting all that
so nice
nearly there guys nearly there I think
it's just over the top of that all I
have said that ready two or three times
done so that wasn't it it's taste so bad
right now she's so pissed like you
thinking this is it soft like another
hours all the way that way I don't know
but yeah but it'll be worth it they'll
be worth it so I hope we're getting
there now but yeah it's pretty close to
the edge there reefer far drop this
really is a crazy drop like I don't
believe there's no like fences or
anything I suppose it's just the
Norwegian way see ya well it's good
released all the guidebook says about
600 metres but yeah that is pretty
terrifying
so yes finally I think we've made it
although as you can see we're not the
only people to be sharing this on the
Fuyu
but yeah there it is right there and
somebody's dying over the edge so we're
finally here and tada there's that Hugh
that's very good
I'll show you guys from about a mirror
to the point there I said want me to go
there but you know we're gonna make it
well I gotta make it I didn't really
consider myself someone who's afraid of
heights but this is absolutely
terrifying
like I don't you can't get what it's
actually like but there's a point there
and people are sitting on the edge and
there's a massive drop oh but it's so
gorgeous but oh my god
makes you wonder our people are killing
safe are people actually not they're
gonna sit on the edge of that but as one
says he wants to do it I think it's more
insane to hike for three hours and then
not want to do it to that point oh my
god i am i think that's scarier than
skydiving i think i sitting on that rock
is scarier than skydiving I would go as
far as but I'm glad we hiked up here
anyway it's like obviously very gorgeous
but
he's a helicopter fruit if you're into
that sort of thing so come on guys let's
go to the tip here I'll be that scary
sweating in or Kim Seifer yes just a
nice that's what good so anyway I have
to say I'm a little bit scared not gonna
lie and there it is and look right over
the edge here let me see if I can get
the camera screen up so I can see a
little bit better myself oh my god that
is kind of terrifying oh well yeah um
well worth it I think personally yeah
absolutely it's now raining horribly and
we're walking back just on the way back
now thank God
as you can see I've been crying I cry at
any anything I'm always crying but I
just filmed a little heart-to-heart
video with myself pretty much I was
gonna put it on my beauty Channel I
don't know if I'm going to but yeah
anyway glad I got that out of my system
so you might be seeing me crying on my
beauty channel you never know yeah we're
heading back now it is so cold it's
raining but I'm really glad that I'm
really glad that we did this it's a very
it is a rewarding thing like hiking for
so long and then getting to the top and
you're like okay I did this I did
something that's an accomplishment you
know what at the same time I am cold I'm
tired and it is frigging freezing out
here
but Aslan's the dry day which is all
that matters and I was trying not to
complain that much cuz I know that
probably annoys him tried to just keep
all those complaints inside you but I
think it you know at the same time
everything isn't for everyone
you know hiking is not for me but I'm
trying to be the most positive me I can
be and hassles over there eating a
sandwich ever sorry it's a thing it's so
cute and yeah I don't know he might not
even care this until we added this vlog
tonight but I love this guy
he's a good guy wait what are you eating
salami and cheese yes so on Cake Boss
hey boy got some salami and cheese here
have I been complaining a lot no skill
its killer one to ten that was a phase
that way you get the mentioning that but
for the most part overall are you proud
of me how dude there we go cool okay can
you know there's nobody else I'd rather
be doing Oh goose you know that right
but not get emotional up in here on the
vlog so it said our five on the hike and
the herbivore se button is now at a
point of complete starvation she needs
to find prey soon or she will die
I say he's just getting the savage comes
out of her kangaroo pocket there yeah I
had to store as I wanted me to take a
photo of him but I had my sandwich in
one hand I was just like I'll just keep
it me here yeah so we're done whoo yeah
yeah we made a bit about that so it's
lovely the pleasant day do you think
yeah great day you just went a day no no
I'm glad we did it yeah it is fun
honestly good yeah good times didn't
think I could do it we'll be talking
about this for years to come sure yeah
sure and uh anyway could I head back
trying to relax you know get that energy
back
this is Superboy
no rest for the wicked we are back on
the town and we're coming out to get
some dinner and I went to this store
called NOLA and
I walked past it the other day and it
looks so nice and I'm first I was closed
yesterday but this time I was open and I
got a couple of things I'll probably do
a haul on my main channel when I get
home but um yeah nothing more to say so
we're in this thick mall area apparently
there's a good noodle Thai place in here
so what we're doing so we just got a
little seat in here it's like in this
mall
we're not sure if this table is saved by
this comb we're not entirely sure yeah
yes I don't know what that means but
anyway I got this pretty in pink
lemonade Snapple I have never had this
before but I love Snapple don't you find
that you can get the like different
flavors all around the world of Snapple
yeah but not in the phrygian of England
yeah and I got this rubber drink rum bar
oh but ever seen really good yeah it's
like root is like rubub I think I wish I
got that yeah yeah sucks to be you a
little information from Snapple the
average person spends two weeks of their
lives
kissing do you think that's true do we
kiss more or less um how many more than
the others whoa put those lips away I
haven't had any to these now I have to
say this brand this after yet had the
program resume right wasn't it yes after
you thought I know they're doing it
right this is delicious delicious drinks
okay Aslan's food has arrived I'm only
slightly jealous but looks really good
actually and crispy noodles look it's
got an egg on top and everything my
perfect good thing the business yeah it
looks good big
a little gyoza to soothe my soul right
now do you know what that was you can
take me away from ramen but I will find
it even in Norway and I cannot wait to
dig in I've never had ramen that looks
quite like this it looks delicious and
I'm gonna see if it's better than bone
daddy's just on the way back to the
hotel now and we popped into 7-eleven
because I went to get a bottle of water
and the weirdest thing happened in there
I met my Norwegian twin like I was okay
first of all check this though
I go in the store and I see this I loved
I'm bars a mint dime what that's crazy
and so I was like oh my god like a mint
time and then she said you have to get
it so good we just got them in stock and
I was like it was a really strange
experience she acted like me
she spoke like me she looked like me but
she had blonde hair but it was just very
very very strange anyway now we're
walking down to the harbor because we
just haven't had enough walking around
today and um ya know it's actually we're
having a nice little evening here so
yeah probably can't hear me it's Wendy's
hello alright everyone hope you enjoyed
coming along today in the Nordic vlogs I
think tomorrow we're going to skip
vlogging altogether just because we're
gonna be driving the entire day and you
know nothing's happening and what could
be slightly boring it could be very
boring so anyway we're not going to blog
tomorrow but we'll vlog the day after
Pat's don't worry and
yeah that's it we're wrapping it up nope
you have a good day today
I didn't have a great day lovely job I
think it's good time so we will see you
in the next one probably not tomorrow
but the day after that don't worry we're
coming back bye
