good morning everyone today is what day
of the week is it today I don't even
know um it is Tuesday and today we are
going to do some sightseeing here in sky
and I hope I'm saying that right
probably I'm not spelled Skagen
pronounced sky sky in and uhm yeah
that's what we're doing today so we are
really hungry it's breakfast time was
actually 11:20 in the morning because
we're lazy yeah but today should be
really good we might read some bicycles
and do some stuff like that
I just finished uploading this vlog
that's gonna go up tomorrow so I'm on
track with that I'm just trying to keep
the vlogs coming for you guys people
today is also the day after Robin
Williams died and last night at like 1
or 2 o'clock in the morning as them woke
me up and told me and I had like so many
text messages from my brother as well
because my brother and I love Robin
Williams and I think I always knew
people loved Robin Williams but just
seeing the reaction on Twitter and
social media and everything it's just he
was the great he was definitely a great
I think the thing with his films is that
they were so funny but they were also so
comforting especially I I just remember
growing up with them and there's been so
many movies and I get choked up even
talking about it because it's so sad I
know that he was obviously battling with
depression and I know that lots of
people have depression and I've known
people with depression and if you are
going through something like that please
talk to somebody about it
because you can get through it so anyway
that's all I want to say about that it's
really really upsetting it's really sad
but yeah anything you want to add to
that no great man yeah oops sorry guys
what support the breakfast yeah I got
arrived maybe because it was so good
unless your book I guess it was like I
just about this time discussing but it's
like a plan so different I'm gonna show
you my phone
on the front of the function I did take
a photo of it ok let's see if we can
focus in on this there we go that's what
it looked like before it was quite good
yeah that's right I just like oh my god
we forgot to vlog the breakfast
Wow food food so I think we're going to
pay for this and then what are we doing
renting the bikes yeah I'm gonna go get
some bikes so here we are at the station
but we're really here to rent some
bicycles through here cycle ooh did
Jenning that's best I can do so we've
got all these bites as our options here
but yeah I think we're gonna have to go
for a tandem definitely 1% this is our
desert and a bike right here just get
ready for this it's not so we've already
taken a little test drive again we've
taken a test drive around the parking
lot and it was amazing so I think we're
good we got to go but I never try to
vlog this at the same time definitely
not safe let's cross the street again
okay get a good idea yeah this is
absolutely rias I have never been on a
tandem bike before and we asked a woman
is it hard she's like it's funny that
was really I was like it's hard to do it
just like it's funny so I was like yeah
we need to do that okay Aslan is on
here's my seat so just just to go slow
the beginning is the hardest okay you're
gonna have the camera I got it yeah just
go slow okay thank you
oh my god oh my god the balancing is
very difficult we are both on why didn't
you Ronny's like a 20 15 minute cycle 50
minute cycle okay
we're going to the like northernmost
part of that man yes me just to show you
that we are actually on a tandem bike
here's the shadow cause this is effing
hilarious like seriously
oh it is pleasant it's fun it's funny
get a good view nice Viking or a tandem
bike in the middle of like dead Mojave
it's crazy crazy but yeah the skies are
so blue today
I don't know why I always say skies it's
just one sky yeah enjoying it guys no
hands
listen same just wanted to show you this
beautiful view of the like Danish flag I
bet you didn't know I had such amazing
cycling scales no hands mofos seriously
I'm obsessed with tandem bikes down I
want to get 100 so we just arrived to
our first destination we parked that
bike locked that bike up and now we're
going to climb up this hill oh just look
at this scenery guys believe it I guess
we're going to go up there and then
hopefully we can find where the two seas
meet I think it's really close by anyway
but that's definitely something that
wasn't on my bucket list before but now
I feel like it is on my bucket list to
put your feet in two seas at one time
reminds me a little bit of a walk to
remember ladies I know you don't talk
about two places at one time yeah it's
very very windy so I hope you can hear
me but um yeah we made it to the top of
you but the sky is insane here like
let's go so the shoes are
but we don't want to put them at Aslan's
backpacker that's where the cameras are
so we've disguised them in this bush and
we're just hoping to god nobody takes
but I saw some pointed out Birkenstocks
are in high demand here I knew I hope we
can remember where they are so for
reference this area I'm gonna pop up
here and see what kind of you can get
now you've already can't hit anything
it's all just so ending like what is the
statement run away these knows I hate
running a stone please you can get away
I'm gonna show I can confirm that this
water is absolutely free so we are still
walking there and I think people are
actually in like this tractor getting
driven ok so you can see all the people
joining here we are finally there I hope
you can see all for the distance the
clashing sees its really something so
let me go to the tip haha and I'll be
there ok so it's really windy I hope you
can hear me but here's the one see the
old ways coming this way and then all
the ways coming this way and they meet
here and it's actually starting to rain
which is really it just started to rain
as soon as I got here
it's boring yeah everybody's running
who's writing
so right now my feet are into these at
one which is pretty incredible
what do you think about it so that's it
as one tells me this northern part of
Denmark as far as it goes
just don't drop the camera so they go
everybody's kind of coming up to that
point and agree does feel like a really
special place doesn't it you can just
stand there there's something nice about
it because I'm not an aura yeah
it's really nice I wrote that we
recommend you go to the end of Denmark
and it was definitely worth getting
absolutely soaked to get here look at
you but yeah but I think one of the most
yeah I think so nice there's nothing
worse than being in the sand and then
having to put your shoes back on and
your feet feel so dry and gross Oh
anyway really glad we did that
really that was Michaels here too as
well I mean people couldn't drive here
but I think you're more one with the
earth if you cycle here especially on a
ten so we are in the lighthouse that we
passed by and the stationary place
because I have to go up these stairs
it's part of this what can I do this
basically he does unpop the most
beautiful anyway there's going to be a
lot of steps this was a massive white
house yeah give me strength day 23
climbing the stairs I stay has lasted
she is going she's willing to eat
anything and anyone around this is worse
than the stairs and Colin garden I know
little minista head just so you know
just to screw you know at the end
yeah smallest buddy Wow we love you
crazy that we're just like over there
like half an hour ago we were just like
lay back and it started to pour rain
honestly some of the biggest raindrops
I've ever felt to hear the Thunder there
was a huge crack of lightning and a huge
burst of thunder anyway we're going to
go into this bakery it's called krahgg
is Bagheri
so yeah it looks good have mercy oh my
gosh all the pastries look so amazing
here as let's just bang
okay we're just waiting for our teeth I
just wanted to show you that it's
actually hailing outside I haven't seen
Hale in a very long time when the pieces
of hail are huge I wonder if that's
normal over here
maybe I'll go outside and I'll get get a
peaceful okay hope I don't die trying to
get this hail do you hear it oh my gosh
let's see if I can pick up the speeds
it's like it's really hard okay
look at this it is massive that is
insane okay I'm getting hit I'm getting
hit in the head now I'm sorry dump it
I couldn't resist getting one of these
things I don't even know if they are if
any of you know what the actual name of
this is let me know it's a really unique
thing I've never had anything like it
kind of like a hard pastry the tails are
dipped in chocolate and the inside is
buttercream but I just wanted to try
some traditional sweet we hate whole
thing it's really sweet but yeah it's
really good I've never had anything like
it so good dad we just got back to the
house now and I took this any spare
opportunity I have to publish a blog
publish a blog do two instagrams and in
that time Aslan rode the tandem bike
back to the bike place because we had to
return it and one thing on this trip
that Aslan is obsessed with is when
Danish people think he is Danish or he's
a local and he just could tell me is
like yeah it was really weird someone
thought I was from here he's like really
weird me well you freaking love it okay
Aslan is like such a lover of Danish
people and Scandinavian people you're
basically you're Scandinavian how does
that make you feel and like the other
day when someone thought he worked in
cause like you are such a little
Scandinavian local look at the cut of
this collar people look at this ha ha ha
we are up and at him again it defined
more dunes but these are the dunes of
all dunes
these are the mother of dunes this is an
area called the rocky ugh well let's be
like the Vegas MJ's gonna pin this area
here we go you can okay so we're just
walking up here these aren't it get
ready guys I'm gonna show you in a
minute
you're just walking along they are in
the distance
what a man driving the Birkenstocks to
the back yeah now I don't know if you
can hear me because it's so windy but so
we met at the top
it's a lovely kind of you I think would
it go what she wants a chaser again but
I go try and go to those over there we
are walking to the next cute slowly but
surely so we got to the top of the
student it's a really nice hike there so
we're not content with sanju number one
when I go there I like it
hello everyone so here we go miss Tina
so all this hard work let's see if it's
worth it you're laughing because I
tripped up slightly like you like like
you haven't done that it's like really
steep sandy terrain stay just to do this
like a try and leap into this sand
because you can but it's hilarious to go
the biggest leap reason gone hailey
cooking your valance nice okay Lily good
thrusting eggs in there I stay herself
up a potential failure but could be
potential success she said we would
always like do a car wheels like I can't
I'm looking usually I think so so here
we go
messy bun
2014 cartwheel understand 3 2 1
I was that was a cop-out so I would
qualify ok that's nice that was pretty
good Oh
so we're back now back in the house and
I say is just in the toilet right there
I would show you guys you know that's a
different kind website not YouTube um
that's a proper question hey um so we're
back we will probably not going to did
it today because yeah we we want to go
to the supermarket maybe pick out some
different pieces we've got a long drive
tomorrow so I'll just get some things
for the car as well so you know that's a
supermarket let's see what the sky in
supermarkets can offer us leave it is
like fresh fish everywhere you know
geez now she's pissed she's pissed oh
yeah dinner for two
actually we got some good stuff just
like salami cheese salad should be good
okay so we just got back we are going to
have dinner we're starving and I think
it's time for us to cut off today's vlog
and trying to unzip is not working
because we're exhausted and we still
have a lot of editing to do such as this
look so we're gonna relax pack up our
things get ready for tomorrow eat our
dinner yep and carry on with life
exactly so we'll see you tomorrow I have
two towels ever made you this happy
because I am in right now
makeup bags evening towels
