hello and welcome back to episode 2
overstay and aztl√°n talk about things
through with current affairs yes today
we thought it would be interesting to
discuss North Korea because there's
quite a bit of drama with North Korea if
you've seen the news lately it's like
are they gonna nuke us yes
are we all doomed / what is actually
happening in North Korea should we be
worried at night that you know North
Korea is gonna send a nuclear well
nuclear warhead our way yeah that's a
genuine concern right recently it seems
like every single week North Korea is
firing off missiles left right and
center people are really concerned but
but I think like if somebody is watching
and they have seen the news obviously
but they don't really know anything
about North Korea if you were to
describe the country of North Korea how
would you describe it I'll describe it
as a very oppressed dictatorial place
mm-hmm you know the people there are
very they live under incredible hardship
because the North Korean economy is not
great they cannot produce enough food
for themselves they cannot make all the
basic necessities to live on mhm so
people you know literally starve to
death there and because the political
system is a very strong dictatorship you
cannot criticize the government so not
only are you starving to death but you
can also can't really express yourself
freely and if you do have any sort of
expression of criticism towards the
government you basically get like you
know driven away locked up either you
know killed or put to hard labor in a
hot or like in a horrible gulag
somewhere okay and the obvious question
for a lot of people is why don't they
just leave can they just leave the
country freely do they have a passport
no so like in North Korea and the the
government controls everything they they
control all your movements let's say you
live in one part of North Korea you
can't just simply go and travel to
another part of North Korea so if you
live like in the southern part of North
Korea you can't travel to like the
capital city you have to have a permit
you have to have a reason so everybody's
really super controlled you can't just
like go anywhere and the North Korean
government obviously do not allow almost
anybody only very very few like that
diplomatic Sentra to leave the country
because they're afraid that if they did
allow people to free leave the country
everybody would leave because every
knows you know just over the border in
China or in South Korea things are so
much better people you know able to eat
three full meals a day but how do they
know that do they have the internet or
so I said yeah I think now they what
they don't have the Internet
there's a huge black market within North
Korea for things like South Korean like
operas and dramas that sort of thing and
they get a lot of cheap mobile phones
from China so they're now apparently
this generation especially recently is
now seeing slowly how their neighbors
over the border how their lives are so
much worse okay so they definitely
couldn't say our president is horrible
you couldn't even say the word horrible
let alone call him an a-hole I've read
it quite a few books about North Korea
and one of the examples I remember
really vividly from this book is a
first-hand account of how some one guy
he was putting something in the trunk of
his car or something and he made a
little joke about oh don't worry there
won't be anybody's in there cuz our
leader would have taken care of that or
something too like a really old friend
of his this is a thing that gets me like
to somebody he had known from school
since like they were like five or six or
whatever and they were like both in
their like mid thirties and that person
reported the other dude for making this
joke and that guy was like put into like
a hard labor account for that right so
is it a form of brainwashing or do you
think well obviously not everybody not
everybody feels like they're brainwashed
but some people obviously do yeah a lot
of people do and they do get brainwashed
from a very very early age there
nobody's allowed to read or watch
anything except for the official North
Korean propaganda stuff like you know
the books that you're allowed to read
the books that are approved by the
government the shows you had to watch it
shows you approved by the government
they literally you know it's not like
sky when they switch on their TV you
know or Fox or whatever they don't have
like a hundred a thousand channels but I
think they have like a handful of
channels and they're all North Korean
government produced right okay so they
are brainwashed from the moment they are
born to like saying we love the leader
our leaders amazing he's done everything
correct it cetera et cetera so yeah it's
it's a pretty horrible situation so when
people are starving etc do they just
think this is what's supposed to be
happening well know that they don't
think that they know that you know this
is the reason why they're starving well
the propaganda and the brainwashing
tells them is because of the imperialist
Americans and the embarrassed Americans
are like basically forcing the rest of
the world not to help North Korea not to
trade with North Korea and that as a
result of that they have they're living
through these horrible times of famine
but they also know that they can't
express any of these opinions you know
because they're everybody so scared of
like speaking their mind because they're
not sure like you know who they can
trust because who knows the if your
neighbors gonna report you you know that
you're out of a it's kind of like The
Handmaid's Tale right
yes very similar to The Handmaid's Tale
yeah but people do escape from North
Korea how do they do it so be able to
escape that but most people escape
through the the border with China in the
north of the country there's like a big
river that runs along the China and
North Korea border and people are able
to either bribe their way out that's a
very common way they'll just like bribe
soldiers with cigarettes with money or
they make a mad break for it like I've
read somebody first-hand accounts of
people swimming through the river like
you know and just hoping they don't get
shot by the North Korean troops that are
patrolling the border well yeah and then
they make it on to the other side in
China and then they have to hide from
the Chinese government right there
because if the Chinese government know
that there's so many North Koreans
trying to escape and what they do is if
they catch you in that kind of area near
the border they just ship you straight
back so they have to like try and hide
and a lot of them had well some of them
decide to stay in that area near the
border and get work there on the Chinese
farms etc they're definitely able to
feed themselves and lead a much better
lifestyle but a lot of them try to make
it to Beijing where the South Korean
embassy is and there will go to the
South Korean embassy and ask for asylum
and the South Korean government
basically gives any North Korean person
asylum and they're able to come to come
South Korean become a South Korean
citizen okay so South Korea is kind of
like we know what
going on over there and we want to help
you absolutely I mean South Korea are
the the other half of the Korean
Peninsula
the Korean Peninsula that's a bit that
sticks out of the mainland Asia is split
into two North Korea and South Korea
North Korea is this like kind of really
horrible old-school Soviet communist
dictator state and South Korea is the
wall I mean like they're definitely the
good guy in this situation you know
they're the democratic capitalist
version of North Korea so I'm not really
one to advocate war but just out of
curiosity why doesn't someone go to war
with North Korea and make them stop okay
so this is actually tied to why North
Korea is making so much headlines at the
moment so the reason why is because we
now suspect a lot of people suspect that
North Korea has nuclear capabilities
that means they have nuclear weapons
that means they have a nuclear weapon
that they can put onto a rocket let's
say and fire it at a destination
I heard they can go all the way to
America how far is still kind of
debatable people believe that they have
rocket technology that is able to
perhaps reach mainland Alaska for sure
and perhaps some some states in the
north west of the US but they're not
sure whether they are able to actually
get a nuclear bomb and put it on top of
that rocket and make sure that travels
all the way there and detonates at the
right time okay so America doesn't
really want to piss them off that's the
issue like that's why everybody's so
against North Korea having nuclear
weapons is because once a country gets a
nuclear weapon you almost can't like
invade it or use any sort of military
force against them that would overthrow
that leadership because they have this
ultimate you know ace in their hand
because let's face it if somebody does
try something and then North Korea sends
and you know a couple nuclear bombs to
Seoul in South Korea a couple nuclear
bombs to you know Tokyo and Japan that
will be tens of millions of people
killed you know yeah and that's just
like it's something that nobody's
willing to do always think yeah nobody
wants that blood on their
nobody wants that even without the
nuclear capability north Korea has
enough normal arms like normal bombs
normal rockets to kill millions and
millions of people in South Korea
because Seoul South Korea's capital is
only about 50 kilometers away from the
North Korean border it's very very close
to North Korea and the North Koreans
have like normal weapons and rockets
that they can fire into Seoul and kill
millions of people as well so it's a
very like that's why this issue with
North Korea has been around for so long
and it hasn't been solved because
it seems like no matter if you use any
sort of force it mean it means millions
of people will die well how do they get
all this nuclear equipment how do they
make all this nuclear stuff so like can
any country just build something like
that
well they initially they got a lot of
help from the Soviet Union
so North Korea was set up after World
War two and they were set up with the
help of the Soviet Union explain what
the Soviet Union is quickly if people
don't know the Soviet Union was the big
superpower back in the early part of the
1900s and up to like when it collapsed
in 1989 they were the Communist half to
the world so here's why you can speak
Russian that is why I can speak Russian
indeed yeah the world was split into two
back then it was the you know capitalist
side with represented by the US and the
Communist side represented by the Soviet
Union and the Soviet Union after World
War two
they used the North Korea area to set up
like a little communist
buffer state you know on that finish
because South Korea was capitalist and
that was helped by the US and they were
like well we're gonna set up North Korea
our communist counterpart are there and
that would act as a kind of a buffer to
stop to stop any sort of capitalist
South Korean state being able to come up
to the Soviet border so they set them up
there and they supported them for a very
long time and they gave them loads of
different weapons rockets Russia right
yeah that's Russia and until they
collapse in a collapse in 1989 but even
before then they would give
kind of mining nuclear capabilities they
weren't given them nuclear bombs but
they were giving them information and
you know and the ability to develop
their own nuclear weapons right and then
after the Soviet Union collapsed China
started helping North Korea because
China has a vested interest in keeping
North Korea there because again South
Korea is a US ally and China does not
want the whole of Korea to become a US
ally they don't want the South Korea
China does not love America does not
love America I mean more than anything
they don't necessarily hate America but
they do not love the idea of American
power being more influential on their
back door right besides right beside
them and if let's say North Korea was to
collapse and South Korea was to take
over that would mean they have a
capitalist US ally right on their border
and they definitely don't want so China
and North Korea are kind of in cahoots
is this correct
yes the only reason why North Korea is
still you know is able to support itself
today is because China gives them
supplies oh my god China gives them like
you know oil China gives them food China
gives the North Koreans the Hennessy
Cognac that apparently you know the
North Korean leaders love so much I
don't know about that but that's that is
effed up that's effed up well that's
geopolitics for you you know even though
China knows that you know millions of
North Koreans are suffering they're
living through famine you know horrible
conditions they're willing for that for
that to happen because it's in their
interest to keep North Korea around but
it's not in their interest though for
North Korea to be throwing around
nuclear weapons right because that
nobody wants World War three
nobody wants that nobody nobody so going
back to the original point the reason
why not North Korea wants nuclear
weapons is because they feel like once
we have nuclear weapons
nobody can screw us over no we can screw
this because if they do they know
millions of people will die and that's
like the ultimate thing and nobody will
do that could they be lying about having
nuclear weapons so we definitely know
that they do have nuclear capabilities
because they've conducted several tests
several underground nuclear tests that
have been detected by seismographs
like things that detected earthquakes
that I've shown that they definitely
have so at this point they have nuclear
weapons nobody's going to war with them
is there anything that can be done to
help these people so that's the
conundrum right so the conundrum is that
we have millions of these people living
under a horrible oppressed regime being
brainwashed starving to death and then
we have a very strong dictatorial
leadership with nuclear weapons how do
you make that go away I don't know and
honestly nobody really has the answer to
that because there was something called
the six-party talks that was talks
between North Korea South Korea Japan
China Russia and the u.s. they all kind
of got together tried to sort out this
issue they couldn't do it they couldn't
sort it out the UN can't sort out
diplomacy between North Korea and the
u.s. you know is non-existent diplomacy
in North Korea and Japan and South Korea
is non-existent it's such a difficult
situation because the only thing that we
can keep on doing and everything that we
do keep on doing is creating more and
more strict sanctions so sanctions are
basically rules saying that you cannot
give in North Korea x y&z so whilst we
started off saying you cannot give North
Korea very horrible powerful weapons
like back in the 70s and 80s we've now
gotten to the point where we're saying
you cannot give North Korea like even
basic staples like petrol so you can't
even give North Korea petrol you know
that sort of okay so what's gonna start
happening when they have no petrol they
have no food they have things that they
can't even sustain their people with
what are the people gonna uprise or is
that very unlikely to happen so yes yeah
you would think a lot less people say
like well why haven't these people like
overthrown you know yeah their leader
like obviously like you know we can see
people are starving there but their
riots there or anything like that there
may be some rights but they're very
quickly oppressed so the thing you have
to understand about North Korea and
living there is that from day one from
the moment you're born you are
brainwashed to love and believe in the
leader as the only hope and salvation
it's a cult yeah it's a genuine
it's a giant personality cult started
off with this guy called Kimmel son who
was there right after World War Two then
he died his son took over Kim young ill
and then that dude died and then that
dude son took over Kim youngin so they
now had three successions and they're
all been sons and they developed they
keep on developing these personality
cults around these people that these
these leaders are almost godlike they're
not like normal people
they're almost like gods and that's why
they're so brilliant that's why they are
so capable and that's why we have to
trust them to make to carry on and make
North Korea great make North Korea great
again not again because it's not Korea's
always great don't you dare say North
Korea has never been great because as
soon as you do you're packed off by the
police and sent off to the gulag for a
hard labor for 200 years oh my god and
not only that is they'll take all your
family that's like it's so horrible that
literally if you make like one criticism
let's say an offhanded comment you'll be
packed off may be killed may be sent off
for hard labor and then the whole of
your family might also be arrested and
sent off to hardly oh they might be
ostracized from society Wow
it's crazy so the move from the moment
you're born you're told about this
personality called you're told to love
and worship the Dear Leader and then on
the other hand the actual Dear Leader
the government control everything and
when I say everything I mean everything
they control from what you wear to the
kind of haircut use is everywhere the
same kind of clothes that not exactly
but they're like officially they have
like uniforms for everything like
depending on the kind of work you have
you have a uniform and the government
controls all that well then they control
the kind of haircut you have there's
like a list of haircuts that's approved
that you must have one of those haircuts
serious
they control to the TV shows you watch
and the things on TV everything on TV
they're on the radio is approved by the
North Korean government they control the
kind of food you eat they control the
kind of toothpaste you have everything
they control the army it's horrendous so
that's why these people can't it's not
just like because how do you rise up
when you're not sure who to even trust
and who to even like getting a group
with to rise up because as soon as you
say something you know yeah like you
were sitting there thinking something's
off about this but you don't really know
much about the rest of the world
old and it's like you can't even trust
your pal from school no you can oh you
can no you can't trust anybody because a
suit as soon as you say something
there's a chance you might be okay so
what's the deal with that Dennis Rodman
dude going over there and hanging out
that is a very weird little like quirk
so one of the things that one of the
ways that there has been a little bit of
diplomacy I suppose between North Korea
and the US is Kim jong-il and Kim Il
Sung Kim Jung Il Kim Jung hoon
basketball big basketball fans love
basketball probably kicking back
drinking some Hennessy Cognac and
watching the NBA for sure they love bar
so what they do is they create these
games between these elite athletes
Basco athletes from the u.s. to come to
North Korea and play basketball so why
would they go who the North the u.s.
players well they go because they see it
as a way of being able to present
America in a way that isn't like
aggressive that isn't being painted as
complete imperialist pigs does the
American government tell them to go I'm
not sure whether the American government
per se is involved because I think the
tours are actually organized by Dennis
rod somehow Dennis Rodman is involved
very at an extremely high level in
organizing these things so it's very
straight but I don't think I don't think
the US government is involved in the
organization of this and I think the
reason why they do is basically to say
the way the US and the people are
represented in North Korea is that
they're invaders they're horrible
they're imperious pigs that's a favorite
slogan of theirs u.s. imperialist pigs
so they they use this basketball as an
opportunity to say hey we're not that
weird you know where people like you we
like basketball just like you do and we
can get together and play a game of
basketball you know we are human at the
end of the day mm-hmm we can but we can
get together we can have some fun but
why would the North Korean government
want Americans to actually come that's a
great question no idea maybe because Kim
Young and just
like I need to be around with this okay
okay okay so I know that people from
other countries can go visit North Korea
on like a holiday yes you can you can
now let's talk about that because that's
like the craziest shit to me that's
something that I've always wanted to do
I would love to go visit not Korea I
mean from a moral point of view it's
really debatable because the tours are
organized by the North Korean government
and it costs a lot of money to go I
think it cost something like the
equivalent of like four thousand pounds
to go unlike week a week strip from -
North Korea not including the flight to
Beijing you know so and all that money
goes into the North Korean government's
pocket essentially so you are fueling
that I mean the argument against that
would be it's just four thousand pound
it doesn't make a big difference in the
day that's not gonna make a break
whether the North Korean government but
it is if loads of people go all the time
I don't think they make anyway so you
get to North Korea and what happens so
the whole thing is organized and staged
by the government you have a government
minder somebody who's with you at all
times making sure that nothing you know
awry happens to you that you're not
talking to the wrong kinds of people
you're not saying the wrong things
you're not taking pictures of the wrong
stuff are you allowed to take pictures
you're not take pictures but you only
allowed to take pictures of the stuff
they want you to take pictures off okay
so what happens is you get toured around
to all these great monuments and places
and you get to all these like schools
and all the people in the schools are
like told about the situation and they
they basically rehearse all this stuff
and they put on these like banquets and
dinner dinners for you that are
completely unrepresentative of what like
normal North Korean life is like so you
could go there as someone from the UK
and leave thinking wow what a wonderful
country everybody seems super happy
that's all fake that's great news
that actually is genuine fake news they
just put all this and they're too scared
to be like help me you know like they're
not gonna say that
and in a way they might not say that
because the people who are actually like
let's say the kids in the school that
they visit they're all kids of the
political elite they're they're okay
they're all people who like who live in
the they're the 1% of the 1%
so are there really rich people in North
Korea and then really poor people well
there is such a thing as rich people
there but they're people who are higher
up within the party with a North Korean
party that benefit from being close to
the leader there and because they're
seen as people who are safe within the
regime that people who will propagate
the the regime and make sure the regime
keeps on going they're given certain
privileges so they're given more food
they're given like you know a car for
example that sort of thing yeah so the
people from North Korea have never
really traveled then they've never been
to if you if if you are born in North
Korea you will never leave North Korea
you you are also if you were born in one
particular area of North Korea you're
probably you'll probably never leave
that area of North Korea because it's
like living in South London and never
leaving South long yeah that's like
being like if you're born in London
let's just say you even though you
wanted to travel to Brighton you know
somewhere that's like an hour and a bit
away on the train in North Korea that
journey you would require a permit and a
reason given to you by the government to
go on that journey because if you don't
have that it's illegal for you to travel
it and like for a fun weekend away it is
not a reason no that's not that there
are no fun weekends away in North Korea
okay our countries like Japan and stuff
like that are they terrified of North
Korea yes so the reason why there's been
so much news what the reason why North
Korea's been in the news so much
recently is because they keep on firing
rockets in the direction of Japan and
Japan is we were in Japan when one was
fired weren't we I think so something
like that my mom called me like you
better get home yeah so with that and
only yesterday they actually fired a
rocket that went over the top of
northern Japan and landed in the sea
fuck yeah so and then exploded it
exploded I don't think it exploded just
landed into the sea they just basically
do this to show and say oh we have the
capability that I mean to me that is a
definition of terrorism because the
whole purpose and design of doing that
is to terrorize the the residents of
Japan it's to scare the people in in
Japan and to make them think and to try
and force the people in Japan to think
oh you
what we best not propagate North Korea
we best not screw with them we just best
let them know be so it has any country
ever like come out and said we do not
agree with North Korea we hate we don't
want to support them like I know the
sanctions are a thing but like would any
president or whatever of any country
ever be like yeah I mean every single
country I think every country except
that China pretty much okay and even
even now China's like okay everybody
needs to be cool
basically because North Korea sending so
many missiles and because Trump is so
unpredictable
China's just like listen everyone needs
to chill the fuck out because it's
getting a little hairy he's getting a
little scary there in scary it wasn't
getting it wasn't this hairy and scary
for the past 20 years and for some
reason son ladies so everybody needs to
chill out so I think that maybe I sign
off with talking about Trump and how
Trump has complicated the situation so I
think the best example of how Trump has
made things worse is apparently around
the governments of South Korea in Japan
aren't worried about the
unpredictability of the North Korean
leadership they're more worried about
the unpredictability of Trump because
what Trump has done he has come along
and he just like he is ratcheted up the
rhetoric because before he literally
just goes on Twitter he's like North
Korea I'm coming for you yeah he's
basically like listen if North Korea
says any more shit about us we're gonna
rain Hellfire in them no no that's like
genuinely what he said that's pretty
much yeah that's paraphrasing what he
said in one meeting yeah like you know
so he should not be allowed to use
Twitter but anyway whereas you know
Obama and George W Bush before him I
mean George Ellis was a bit more
aggressive but Obama is definitely like
diplomacy is the key to making this work
we need diplomacy here we need everybody
to be able to sit down and talk honestly
and frankly about the situation but
Trump has been like you know what screw
talking we're gonna get some firing done
and he's like he's basically saying his
approach to the situation is that
because we've been so unsuccessful with
diplomacy in talking with North Korea
the only the only thing that's now we
now have left to try is by scaring them
literally scaring them into submission
by showing to them how much force we
have
we're not backing down but didn't Bush
try to do that I mean Bush did it
Bush did something else where he was
much more aggressive in the diplomacy
that they were presenting so they were
still being diplomatic but they were
being aggressive in their diplomacy but
you know Trump Trump's just gone crazy
and he's just been like if North Korea
unless you back down we are gonna fire
all our missiles at you unless you back
down we're gonna essentially go to war
with you yeah which obviously isn't
helpful because North Korea just
retaliates with the same sort of
rhetoric and they're retaliating by
doing all these missile fire tests you
know so things aren't looking rosy okay
quickly there are some questions from
people in the audience I wonder what
sort of degrees the universities are
allowed to offer the citizens of North
Korea so are there universities there
there are universities in North Korea
and academics within North Korea are
allowed a bit a little bit more more of
leeway in terms of the access to the
content they have so I know like if you
you can study for example like French
literature or English literature at a
university in North Korea and because
you are a student within that specific
degree you'll be allowed to read books
that the average North Korean isn't
allowed to read let's say there are
definite universities and that they are
able to study a lot of different
subjects oh you can study the Computer
Sciences you know normal engineering
that sort of thing okay if you could
recommend any documentaries or books to
people if they want to learn more about
North Korea what would you say there's
about three I would recommend I
recommend one documentary the thing
about local North Korean documentaries
is that they can be quite boring there
is this one good one on Netflix I'll
recommend and there's two books I'll
link both them down below because I
cannot remember the titles exactly okay
sounds good all right well that it I
guess I mean if you have any more
questions about North Korea let us know
they put them down in the comments or
something yeah hope you enjoyed this
hope this made sense and cleared up
things slightly yes and I feel like we
also have not talked about the Kim Jong
Jong Kim Jung hoon pointing at things at
tumblr main thing yeah yeah great tumblr
check it out it's actually a book now
the
there are many kim jung-il and kim
jung-han mayonnaise out there on the
internet and there's a specific tumblr
dedicated to like the north korean press
photos of whenever like North Korean
leader visit somewhere they always take
these like press photos of them like
looking at things like looking at the
the produce that the factories made or
like pointing at a field or something so
like the leaders of North Korea they go
to the other countries no not really no
they don't they just send like diplomats
to go there um I don't think I think Kim
Jung ill went to Beijing once and that
or he went to Russia or something would
it be safe for them to go to yeah yeah
yeah I think so
I mean well when you as a leader of
another country going to another country
and diplomatic visit that country has to
give you like a guarantee of anyway I
hope that answered a few North Korea and
questions I learned a lot great I'm glad
to hear it I love North Korea I love
talk about North Korea oh you know you
don't love it I mean I I love it as a
something of interest like you know I
hey let's face it you know the people
there some of the most have pressed
people there and they live in a horrible
horrible situation and that's the the
saddest thing about this is that there's
millions of North Koreans who are used
as nothing but pawns yeah this huge
geopolitical game and there's nothing
they can do about it there's actually
nothing they can do about it
cuz it's you know the situation they're
in is just is their heart for them the
only hope is that there's some there'll
be some sort of change within the
leadership of North Korea and they will
start to progress towards opening up
their economy so I mean apparently this
current generation of North North
Koreans are being exposed to a lot of
pop culture outside of normal North
Korean pop culture so they're being
exposed to all these Korean soap dramas
they're being exposed to all these
Chinese TV they able to because the
black markets so strong in North Korea
they're able to smuggle in loads of like
cheap Chinese electronics so there's
suddenly you know finding themselves
having access to all these new things
that the previous generation didn't and
so who knows maybe you know
in ten years time when the this
generation is you know getting a little
bit older they'll they'll truly start to
question things and force change okay
well maybe next week we'll talk about
something a little more warm and fuzzy
let us know in the comments down below
what you'd like us to talk about and
yeah yeah hopefully hopefully this has
been interesting yeah we'll see you in
the next one bye bye
