good morning everyone it is 4:30 and I
am at Stansted Airport see I really I'm
here I'm heading to Germany now so I'm
gonna go I'm sleepy just made it through
security and it was seriously about an
hour and 20 minutes oh my god it was
insane and it was just chaos and
everyone was yelling at each other
oh god that's the best way to start a
Monday morning at 4:00 I am am i right
this Airport has loads of stuff like
NEMA and Joe in the juice and loads of
cool stuff but I'm going to try to find
like a print or something to get some
snackage
I always do that like what you name it
Sara I'm like my name is waging complex
screaming
okay so I have made it I'm officially in
Germany I just went to check into the
hotel it is 11 a.m. and the rooms aren't
available until 3:00 just so I really
don't know what to do so I'm just
walking along the street I'll show you
what I see
so fit is basically across from my hotel
and that is like the main train station
and then I'm apparently supposed to be
walking over here and this is like
apparently the main street but I just
want to try to find like a little cafe
get a little hot chocolate you know what
I'm saying edit my vlog that's what I'm
gonna do okay I found a Starbucks so
that's where I am heading for the next
three and a half hours oh my god there's
a doggy in here all right I'm here in
the Starbucks got my hot cha that I've
already drink drinking drunk most oh I
feel drunk anyway three and a half more
hours to go right here on this laptop
okay I have spent two hours in Starbucks
just editing videos answering emails etc
but I'm gonna go back to the hotel now
and see if they can check me in it's two
o'clock so it's bit early but I'm just
hoping but before I do that I just
thought I'd walk around this little tiny
Christmas market I am gonna go to the
like big Christmas market here later on
tonight with the rest of the people who
are here on this trip but I just might
show you like how pretty it is here it's
really beautiful this is a gorgeous big
massive church gorgeous big massive and
they have all these little stalls and
stands and there's lots of like if you
go down here there's like loads of
shopping and stuff there are these huge
stalls with different types of
fruits and vegetables and little snacks
and things it's really cool actually and
I have to say it is freezing here people
told me it was going to be cold but it
really is completely freezing here are
some really cool little Christmas
wreaths and flowers little mini
Christmas trees
it's very Christmasy here so it's 2:30
and I am now in the hotel lobby chilling
and everyone staring at me
but blog must baby don't they know
Magnus anyway um I have a half an hour
left and I've just ordered some lunch
because I'm hungry and just look at me
I need a shower so I have a goal anyway
so I got a club sandwich and some fries
and some more this looks so good so good
I made it into my room yes I've never
been so happy to see a bed um so just
give you a quick tour I literally just
came in you walk in it's a pretty tiny
room actually but it's really nice
whoo haven't even looked in here yet
we're still light
yay there we go so that's the best room
lovely it'll do the trick
ooh lots of LMS stuff I love LMS and
then you come out here and you caught a
bed which looks really comfortable I
really like the headboard and the
full-length mirror there a little desk
TV
and a little kettle and this is my view
a wall but it's perfect so I feel like
I'm gonna I'm not really sure what to do
now because it's 3 o'clock and I know
I'm meeting the rest of the squad at 7
o'clock tonight I did wake up at 3
o'clock so I might try to take a nap
because I've been on the well yeah been
awake since 3 o'clock so I think I got
like 4 hours of sleep or something like
that so I'm gonna try to take a nap and
then I'm gonna do a little quick
showering situation trying to sort out
my hair and I will see what I'm a little
more refreshed and then we're going to
go to the Christmas markets apparently
it's really amazing and I'm excited to
see that night time when there's like
light
stuff like that so I will see you in a
little bit so I'm just putting on my
makeup and as lens on FaceTime he's like
do you want to see Reggie eat turkey I'm
like yeah oh my God he's so cute
I'm already I feel a lot more fresh I
managed to have a little nap as well and
now I have ten minutes before I head
down to by the way as one's on FaceTime
if you can hear him chewing anyway I'm
heading to the Nuremberg Christmas
market and I was doing some research and
I think this is supposed to be like one
of the best German Christmas markets I
think it's one of the oldest ones as
well it says with over two million
visitors it's one of the largest
Christmas markets in Germany and one of
the most famous in the world so it's I'm
really lucky really to be able to see
this hey that's very like experiencing a
cultural experience not many people in
the world get to experience exactly and
it's it's the perfect time as well so
I'm very very excited about it and I'm
gonna head there now to show you what it
looks like because I have a sneaking
suspicion it's gonna be pretty good and
aslan told me as well that Christmas
trees were created in Germany and by
created I mean the tradition began in
Germany right he thinks oh thanks that
means it did anyway Christmas trees
began in Germany and apparently the
royal family took a liking to them and
that's kind of how it became a tradition
all over the world is that right we
don't know we don't know but we think
but leave a comment down below if you
know the real answer so anyway I've
dressed up super warm I'm gonna show you
what I'm wearing I'm doing the world's
first ever outfit of the day sitting
down I'm wearing this let me pop this
light on here there we go
I'm wearing this little tick from a
ritzy ax of course I'm wearing an adidas
sweater I'm wearing these adidas
leggings and I'm so happy they gave
these to me because they have a thermal
layer
inside like to have fleece inside
wearing these super thick wool socks and
some trainers so this is my super warm
yet fashionable look tonight I just
found a queen of yoga chic so like
clothes furs than ever and if you want
to get into yoga like me go check out
the channel I could have a link down
below
just hurry to me around awesome week yes
I'm gonna begin I'm ah look at all these
snacks and trees and lights it's getting
festive AF in Nuremberg tonight
here it is nuremberg kinder no i can't
read that look at all of this bread oh
it's so cute here it's so Christmassy it
really changes like in the night time
when you see the lights and everything
it's super super cool and look at all
these ornaments oh my gosh i should get
one of these for my mama for sure for
sure for sure you guys know how I feel
about hot dogs look at these they are
huge look at this one it's so big I love
these little so I have my mitt on but I
love these little things that are on
each of the poles they go all the way
down and they look so retro like I'm
sure these are I don't even know when
they're from like the 70s
so my dreams have been answered
apparently if we go this stall here and
we say we're with adidas with Stefan get
a free freaking hot dog
what else is getting one and then they
say what so this is warm sauerkraut I've
never had warm sauerkraut I'm really
excited cuz I freaking love it oh thank
you yes thank you
come to come to mama
right now okay I got it I'm gonna eat
this on camera the first time ever oh my
god so good
I'd like the sauerkraut a lot really I
mean so I'm very excited because as
you're walking around the market I kept
seeing people with these mugs and I was
like I want that and I just didn't know
where people were getting that no it's
okay I'm just trying to show my
appreciation of this mug inside is some
mold behind and you guys know about a
big drinker but I will do anything to
get a nice mug I try it gotta sing to it
it's gone as they do it this is exactly
the kind of thing I would normally be
buying if I had some euros on me right
now
they are little creatures made out of
nuts and figs and I love them so much I
want one I might have to come back for
what I know when as Lindsey this is
going to be like oh lady do you ever
stop but I just like them I'm just
standing here and Sandra came up it was
like yeah you're a little taller but she
has lived here her entire life and she
just knew I was here from the wonderful
thing and we're so scaring without
sharing but we each have our own mulled
wine
yeah very alcoholic
I found this amazing stand that has all
of these beautiful handmade stamps I've
asked if they have a greyhound but I
don't think so oh yeah Lissie is this a
greyhound I don't know it's kind of you
can keep recording - I just want to see
these bunnies are so cute Oh cute oh oh
my gosh guys
it kind of looks like a crown oh my gosh
can I get it oh it's amazing
I could just buy all of these I love
that one whoa
it is so cold out there like the type of
cold
I've never even felt like it is freezing
look at my nose and I was really bundled
up as well
and he might just got back to the hotel
room it's about 9:15 I've got a bit of
an early morning tomorrow
we are going to be doing lots of cool
stuff with Adidas and oh excuse me we're
going to be doing lots of cool stuff and
I think I think Karlie Kloss might be
here just say I'm pretty sure pretty
sure she's gonna be here so I'll see you
tomorrow
don't miss it bye
you
