good morning day 3 and the final day in
our house today Oh Porthos whatever you
want to say and we've got things going
on we need to get everything packed
today is a busy productive morning so
unfortunately this will be it for me and
and me yes very good but we'll see you
after we pack up
I am truly fascinated by this so we
finished a roll of toilet paper as you
do and it says flush and go and it's
biodegradable so you're supposed to
actually like put this in the toilet and
flush it and it's biodegradable I just
I've never seen anything like that
before I thought it was really cool and
I for some reason felt the need to show
you guys but it says you can recycle
compost or flush me down the toilet
anyway just manage to pack up all the
luggage and put it in the car and we're
so hungry we really work longer as
always how many times do we say we're so
hungry um yeah so we're gonna go to a
place called emery's which i think is a
like a bakery chain but we've we've been
there before in Copenhagen I think we
have yeah well we went to one of them
there's the wind kid coming anyways
we're gonna go to average a cinnamon
roll made with chocolate and extra
butter and it looks like some sort of
nuts on top oh my
Wow a little bit of this orange carrot
juice to set the mood it should be good
I love orange inherent also the woman
sitting beside us just left to go get
another coffee and she's left her bag
her coat her laptop completely feels
fine about that that is that beautiful
small-town feeling and that's less words
like in Canada as well like I would do
that it's crazy isn't it
imagine doing that in London never never
in a million years no even if it's like
a small snow I know
so just walking across the street now
and this is the city hall and you might
remember if you watch the other vlog the
other day what it looks like inside of
it so hopefully we can go inside I don't
think we'll have time for tour but we
don't really mind if I can't take it to
her just be cool just sneeze inside so
from 3 good you know the vision was
gonna hit me hey ok the door is open so
we are going in now
look at this what a beaut
I like it look at these beautiful my
kind of inter woven wicker style that
with leather that's nice that's nice oh
yeah
what holds this is like a should a huge
at Copper Basin like drinking water do
you think maybe like to wash your face
so being given the green thumb by the
screws you got to take pictures but
weren't allowed on this floor
you come in Wow
let's get my eat trimmers in there look
at this floor do you think this is like
the original must be yeah beautiful
these walls have seen a lot of things
really kind of forcibly rich paneling I
mean rather how much work each one of
these muscle taken to do like you know
nice cool you know what this room is
moving religious well but with appease
sweet chance
oh there's a wide just nice unread like
the lights here as well
Wow oh that's pretty cool so look at
this here you got like uh huh look at
the bundles like that that's pretty
awesome in there glass you can see
through unless there's big beautiful
painting
oh so it started raining it's so windy
and freezing but I am NOT leaving until
we go to hey when we go to Copenhagen
again we're gonna hit up the hey there
but hey has my heart
hey your stationery is just beyond so
I'm going in
so in hey everything is as good as you
would expect
yeah just keep getting better essays
having weak moments everywhere oh yeah
we'll make up bag of something towels
the bath man
well yes I just spotted these is it
really cool since it's just like a flat
piece of metal with these pre-cut holes
and then you push it it makes it into
kind of little Bowl then depending on
how hard you push you probably just the
shape and stuff which is really really
neat idea actually have tea towels ever
made you this happy because I am in
heaven right now
for realsies though if you can ever come
to a hey store I would highly recommend
it they it's probably my favorite store
in the entire world gorgeous so hey it
was a huge success as always I am yeah
that was like the ones I really wanted
to come to when we came here so I'm
really excited that I got to get all of
the binders in the paper and the erasers
that I wanted and I might actually do a
hole with that weird of identical or
would it be a beautiful thing because I
know there's lots of stationery lovers
out there and hey has some of the best
in my opinion so I might do that when I
get back home will I see I might
actually film it here why not anyway I'm
just thinking out loud now so Marie I
have to pee really badly and I can't
sing about anything else so we're gonna
go back to the place hand over the keys
I'm gonna go pee oh just got something
behind
okay I'm just sign off now change into
these Zara like track bottoms and
they're so comfortable I'm so happy I'm
wearing them right now I think we're
just gonna continue doing some shopping
until that's real talk and then we're
gonna hit the road again okay guys we've
got some muted neons up in here we're
monkey by the way have you never been a
monkey this is it very cool um yeah I
might need this
that's gorgeous how is your schedule a
Danish monkey experience yes
Danish girls could be different cause I
don't know a big fan of cause a RuPaul
thank ya so if I go in there I'll be
hotel should wear this if it's all the
same or if there's like different things
okay there is hit up cause it was nice
actually was good this is a thousand
t-shirt okay so walk along and I see
this oh wow look at this amazing beauty
you got yourself a W one two three
Mercedes a state version and that's not
even the big deal
oh yeah 300 TD so the diesel motor
there's a beautiful example lovely color
and those diesel books on that specific
car those are like ultra light reliable
by finally there's some in Africa doing
like millions of miles like you know
literally minutes enough so it's a son's
dream car yeah essentially but think
about that car specifically the diesel
one they cost a lot of money to buy like
it did like a good condition diesel one
will set you back about 20 grand I don't
even have to say that you still have to
pay like three or four grand to upkeep
it you know make it decent so
it's I think like maybe if one day like
if that car became like something if our
car became like the the pagoda in
Mercedes I can really shut up in value
maybe worth it but it's a bit of a
gamble yeah yeah but that was that was a
beautiful thing I like that is lunchtime
and we're at this place called Le Nico
another recommendation from our favorite
blogger Mia seriously girl you've no
idea anyway she's just get the bull
frites
I don't get it I think like fries with
stuff absolute mussels I just went with
it so I'm wearing the molecules ones
eccentric molecules with you I love
hearing with this wind um but if you've
never heard of it it's basically this
perfume that you it's unisex and it
would works with the pheromones or
something in it supposed to make other
people more attracted to you physically
but I have this problem where I'm
actually becoming attracted to myself
because every time I like a gossip when
I'm like like oh god okay then I might
not be can you smell it
no I can't smell supposed to be able to
smell it on yourself but oh my god it's
so what I am very attracted to you say
maybe it's working thanks but it's like
the scent of I don't even know what it's
not even like I was gonna say it's the
scent of sex when it's not even that
it's oh hello it's like the scent of
life just hotness honest it's one of my
favorite perfumes that's all I have to
say I'm just sitting here getting
aroused by myself I wash my hair in four
days but
so I stays Frizer here she's got the
sausage and fried actually and actually
every corner because we came in here to
get the rules frites and I was like wait
I'm rules muscles and says I hope not
did I like muscles in secret and then
they were just bought 2ds over and she
said oh and then she could clean back
like two seconds I know I realize you
ordered more fritz is more fries so I'm
waiting for the real deal okay as son
has his muscles I'm so glad because if I
are about a plate of mussels I'd be like
nope I think I'm allergic to most
seafood so that couldn't happen but
you're enjoying it really yeah so as
one's taking his fries to go and it
comes in this cute little thing which I
love I think that's so cool oh the fries
here you don't even know back in the car
our second home and we are now driving
prevent 3ish hours - well we don't have
to say it is it Skagen or is it sky in
silent G anyway that's where we're going
so yeah let the good times begin
so we're driving along we're nearly
there but then we started seeing the
Sanju's we just have to stop her
yeah it's gonna be good apparently
there's huge sand dunes here as well to
the beach so finally we made it - Skyy
yeah wasn't wasn't very far from that
little beach detour so here's the place
I don't know if you want to do like a
place to her so here's the door you come
in you've got a toilet in there shower
room got a cute little kitchen in here
if you've got a little butter sink I
love butter sinks and this is the main
living room there's a stay trying to
type in the Wi-Fi password yeah living
room the idea and then the rest is the
bedroom right there that's it
simples right yeah okay so I feel a
little more relaxed and I was just
rewatching a video that's going up on my
Beauty Channel and I just I'm so anal
for lack of a better word about these
things I just have to wash it and watch
it watch it make sure that it's okay
before it goes going to the public for
you guys to see so today's video is like
a period Q&A with Emilia and I think it
was fun you know like it was funny to do
it anyway
anyway so that's all scheduled it should
be going up soon and now we're going for
dinner and we're just gonna kind of
wander around and see you know a little
bit of the town we don't have too long
to stay here so we're just gonna venture
on and by the way I'm just looking like
a sloppy joe right now just in my Nike
hoodie my track pants my Birkenstocks
but you know what I'm on holiday and
this is how I do not I mean you can have
it with it
we on the harbour it's no God some
restaurants very busy you can definitely
tell no you know Victor's the oven this
hour actually that's what I finally cut
down on a weekday
in the morning and you're all kind of
yelling at each other and Danish about
the fish so I want to able pop ahead
funny thing just for scale this is my
orange juice and this is Aslan's beer
he's getting crunk up in here tonight oh
sorry
we are on a holiday and I want to do it
you know like in Central Europe don't do
things by friends yeah me too
is that ethical leader no this is a low
point seven-five okay so what I'm
feeling this particular plan 750
milliliter so yeah so I don't know it's
really it's just like a technical way of
describing how much you want yeah no
point seven five weeks we're starting
off the night with a little charcuterie
platter look at some bread so by now you
know how much I love olives and how much
I love pickles well oMG I just had my
first caper I didn't even know what a
caper was and it's this thing yeah
there's some sauce on it
a hybrid between olives and pickles it's
pickled olive basically and I love
capers I need a teacher that says that I
love favoring stands ok the food has
arrived and as I got the fish and it
came with fries and steak just let's
head on fish still has his head on
great and this is that amazing little
dipping sauce stuff yum yum yum
it's we're back now a little temporary
home only feeling pretty exhausted now I
think we are going to have to wrap it up
for now tomorrow is going to be a good
day though because we're going to be
exploring the Seas pension yeah it's
gonna be cool so stay tuned tomorrow and
we'll see you then bye
wow that's just a mr. average advert on
the side of the road that is okay yes it
is some jealous
yeah jealous you need this protein
