good morning everybody we are still in
Denmark in our amazing place that I'm
obsessed with my face we just want to
move in here um yeah today we're doing a
couple things but most importantly we're
going to get cinnamon buns and breakfast
it's like 10 something on notes like
almost 11 now on Sunday but we've been
taking it easy up and editing well doing
that kind of stuff I have the weirdest
dream about a bald eagle I don't know
what a bald eagle I don't know what
would have caused that but I was like
dreaming of heading this bald eagle very
very very peculiar so anyway I think we
are going to head out now and I will let
you know when we get to the cinnamon bun
location so we made it to the cafe it's
called La Habra and it's it's really
nice in here I can just picture yeah um
I was just saying that she comes here to
work sometimes I think this is the place
and just they have really good cinnamon
buns and the guy who's working here
actually said that the cinnamon buns are
coming fresh from the bakery and I was
like oh my god took a really cool place
I can't wait to get my breakfast on yes
very cool like
yeah it's really cool the coolest apron
I think I've ever seen oh my God look at
this look at these cute little lattes
with the hearts on it excuse the child
screaming the background but look at
these cinnamon rolls I cannot wait
excuse my chipped nail polish as well
but well this is gonna be so good like I
cannot wait
well--that's cinnamon bun to enroll
whatever it is was so oh so amazing and
the coffee was really really good as
well and um oh I forgot to vlog this but
we were attacked by a wasp in there we
didn't get stung but it would not leave
us alone for the entire times that kind
of ruined the experience Aslan was like
um yeah so anyway we are heading to
there's like a flea market here and we
don't particularly want anything we were
just gonna have a look around really and
see what happens
I think it's on um when I was
researching it said that there's one
flea market which is what kind of right
next door to the museum that we want to
go into is open like twice a month I was
like every other Sunday okay so it could
be this Sunday may not be this life it
is somebody tweeted me and said that it
was today oh okay welcome in but is on
the way anyway sighs and I just want to
say like again thank you to everyone
who's been tweeting me saying you should
do this you should do that it's so nice
everybody here is so nice I can't get
over it
I just look at these beautiful Danish
streets guys I can't as ones really
embarrassed because we just walked past
someone who was wearing the exact same
shirt from cause I think he plopped it
as well that's why he chose to
specifically go to the other side of the
street and it's like walking along
there's like some other statuses like
nope embarrassing here we are coming up
to the moola Parkin and I think I think
this is where we are I see people
milling around you know typical I can
tell I can tell there's a remark yeah
this is that sense you know my flea
market senses
Yeah right yeah I just got big look this
over and we're not even really public
with similar goodies and so on we're a
brief walk through the flea market and
yeah we didn't get anything because you
know you know we're not a long trip
we're gonna start getting things and
once you start you don't stop and you
know we have enough space that area it
was a it was a flea market flip I three
markets are very much the same
everywhere
let's did to have a few color more
Donsky things but it was good I mean if
you like pre market left I recommend
this one
yeah I'm never going to the museum yes
let's go wow that's just a just your
average advert on the side of the road
that anything like you know yes it is
this is jealous yeah jealous you need
this protein so here we are coming then
can it be one set for the museum is have
Danish life through the ages so to have
like three different sections like the
1800s the nineteen twenties or thirties
and then 1917 yeah so you kind of just
walk through and I'm sure there's like
people like access try stopping me like
close at the time like you know milling
flour or whatever
so sweet fun Danish flag M gamma B so we
have entered and then the the the guys
on Isis give us a head friendly map and
then he was like oh you want to fill in
this questionnaire and you get a bag of
candy when you hand it in it in I was
like and it says like yes no what Allen
was getting the tickets his accent like
you turned danish for a second i did
like two adult tickets purse and I was
like what are you saying I can't I am
such a sucker for that like my accents
change all the time so I see you like in
a different color like in India I have
an Indian accent in Canada I am some
weird cowboy Canadian English hybrid
it's it's just it's just messed up
that's what it is
alright so yeah we are in we are in den
gambler bye
so that's so let's start I think this is
the 1800s just some 1800s people walking
by yep this is quite something
this is pretty cool I can't wait to get
to the 70s era look at this I feel like
I'm transported back into time like you
know those movies where people like
drink the water of something and then
they go back in time and then they have
to try to get back to I don't I can't
think of any specific movie but I think
Martin Lawrence was in one of these good
beer on this street is pretty cool check
this out
just ignore the car wheels no my god
honey those are lost I don't know if you
can see these but all around there's
like probably like 3000 wasps right now
no life we better go I think there's
probably like a nest in there oh my god
this guy's walking right in
he's like a thousand there's like a
thousand walls he should walk with it oh
this is good huh okay does not give a
single F you just walked through like
3,000 bosses oh my god this guy this
boss over here Wow
damn this is this is some of the
scariest I think I've ever seen in
my life
what this silver scary should have are
to you my life imagine with you hey off
the dog plays up you can hear this guy
snoring ok ok let's go over to this one
this guy is doing something cool this is
a really neat though isn't it he's a
soap make up yeah
Hans soap maker you know that movie
where it's like some night in a museum
or something like that where the people
come alive like this is what I'm
imagining right now I just get so easily
freaked out by this kind of stuff
Liam this is very impressive I'm really
glad we came just like the aunt Molly's
rich people's me yeah so there's a movie
that this reminds me of hocus-pocus
anyone with me or when II like is
running around them I think he like gets
on top of it or something like that and
that's what I have to say about that
we're in this place where you can like
buy candies and stuff it's like a bar
kind of and it's a great way cool it's
like completely being transformed back
into time okay here's that one see I'm
just trying to show them the yeah
he's Michael oh and you want to see some
gross check this out it's actual fish Oh
dozens funny mirrors - make me have even
longer legs an idea
so we're nineteen Twenty twenty s land
so where that Street starts and where it
ends over there this is a little patch
of 1920 oh yeah and you can definitely
tell by their kind of goods that grow in
the shop if there wasn't how much has
changed like you've got something he's
kind of like metal where oh my god this
is like what I suppose like a general
store like then I got all these cool
things like metal wires it rude we might
do labor in wait in London there's a
shop and they have that cup and I'm old
metal stuff and right maybe they came
here they're like are these five welcome
to the 1970s oh yeah
so this street is now nineteen seventies
you can really tell like how these
houses are so different compared to the
houses in the 20022 looking alike look
like a low levels in 1800 all these like
signs are so different as well and look
this is a hi-fi shop around Lee and they
have all these like cool old banger
loose some electronic things like an
awesome radio TV break decree a house of
the 70s and then yeah just coming in
smoking handy fine sometimes out isn't
like an old home this is actually a
gynecologist clinic so that's kind of
interesting but you cannot beat O'Malley
yes yar us terrified is me right now
secondly but I didn't see me look
this cool fringe see if we can open it
oh yeah Wow mess this is pretty cool
like a 1970s grocery store look at all
this packaging glorious packaging
here's a hair salon
and look at these Styles that got here
Oh what's inside there it's just like
fun look at the dryer yeah give me like
a bookshop in here on earth this is
really what it's like you've got like
like normal book you got like comics got
kids books and like right over here
you're like the x-rated magazine so
definite is like my next two geese
chilling out oh by the way I'm just
staying back because you know how
ferocious they can be but you are not
scared no coming up to the exit now did
you enjoy it
yeah that was amazing yeah it was kind
of what cools now yeah sir it's one
thing to see like pictures or what it
was like back in the day able to
actually like beat in that space you
know have the same smells even and just
yep
excuse me it's quite a turn I wasn't so
I'll definitely recommend it so here we
are in the Botanical Garden and I am
looking for the flowers I think there
was a section on the map I was called
Rosen Haven which we're thinking is rose
navel flowers that flowers
something you know so we're looking for
that leads in this general direction and
I will report back if I find them so
we're still in the garden but we found
this huge don't we think maybe this is
where the flowers are like some oh
there's some roses there Stephanie the
tropical Sun follow me yeah so this
should be like a very humid heated
greenhouse thing
okay so we're inside Oh first thing I
see a cacti Ashlyn's gonna flake that is
scorch
oMG look at this monster good lord
now it's a big one now there's a big
zester this is the biggest suckin I was
in my life this thing it's probably hard
to tell there's nothing to this is
better than that marrakech garden Oh
scorcher in here but this is a dome oh
look at this pretty sweet look at out
there I feel like I'm in Jurassic Park
or something I let go you beautiful
butterflies or have flying around you
see butterfly that's nice thank you
Wow look at that giant lily pads that's
pretty sweet but these are diwali pads
they're like trade yeah
and these little plans as well with the
holes in them I only see them on
internet when it's no real life I don't
know yeah this must be like a seed bring
flowers yeah
flower and then when I mature something
for it to let me know actually it's
getting my clothes up there
I mean this way you get when go to
Botanical Garden you know different
types of plants and like I'm not like a
route like a keen gardener or I have a
green thumb I don't really care that
much about like the plants but there's
something about seeing new plants and
seeing like beautiful plants that is
just pleasant even if you're not like
not into it or it's just a pleasant
atmosphere to be don't you think yeah I
love it i'm the same way i can't--
garden i don't actually know anything
about flowers I just love them yeah so
we're here having lunch now this place
is called Charlie's cafe we're really
tired that was a lot of walking we
didn't vlog how much walking that was
but we were all around that Park let me
tell you that and by the way I stole
this pinecone and I'm taking it home
with me oh yeah um if this doesn't make
you hungry nothing will this looks so
good and we were just talking about how
amazing the fries are here yeah they're
so crispy on the outside and then it's
very common to dip them in mayonnaise
here there is a hilarious guy out there
I can't see nobody's thinking born to be
wild he's really going for it
by the way that burger place that we
went was actually recommendation from
somebody named Marie she sent me an
email so thanks Marie I'm still like
referred for the amazing burger and
we're just kind of chilling out I've
just been editing as one's been helping
me reply to my emails and spread it so
we're gonna go out later again but we're
just chillin for now so instead of going
to a restaurant tonight I think we're
just going to go to the local grocery
store and pick up some food because
we're not actually that angry we've been
eating so much lately I think we need a
little bit of a vegetable detox yeah so
we're gonna go into fo Tex food I'm
absolutely fascinated because you can
make your own orange juice you get the
bottles there and you can squeeze your
own orange juice that is a beautiful
beautiful thing we always love to look
at different types of gum in different
countries like look at this one
raspberry lemongrass oh it looks amazing
and also as them notice that the price
tags are digital there's some cool stuff
here actually we don't think this is gum
it's like hard candies but still cool my
friend song I was telling you about this
chocolate you can get that has licorice
inside it I'm gonna have to check my
phone and see if this is the name of it
but I told her I would hook her up with
some because we both love licorice so
that looks so good okay I was actually
wrong this is the one that she
recommended it just has like tiny pieces
of licorice so yeah I'm gonna get a
couple of these
we are big-time risk takers during the
self-checkout in a language that we
don't know really quick little grocery
haul and which is about some raspberries
and blueberries and we're going to split
this Nordic coleslaw which actually
looked really good I'm obsessed with
coleslaw and I got a dying bar not for
now my dad's like for later to take home
and then these little chocolate wafers
and then two of these one persona and
one for me like I was saying and I
couldn't resist getting this - peach
iced tea so I think that's going to be
it for today we're just going to chill
out rest relax know be on a holiday and
we will see you in next vlog
oh my god Wow it's like that balloon
place I'm laughing good but it's with
this stuff
