good morning everyone or shall I say
good afternoon it's like it's actually
past noon
yeah at 12:20 we've had a slightly slow
start to the day today and it is pouring
pouring rain and it is like it's really
windy and stormy and really bad weather
outside so I'm wearing as ones coat
because I actually forgot all of my
coats in London whew I'm so thankful
because so many of you guys have given
us so many great recommendations
specifically there's a girl called
Mia or Maya I never know what it is but
I think it's Mia and she has an amazing
blog as well I mean I link to her blog
down below I already tweeted to her
today but she gave us a list of some
amazing places and all of her favorite
spots in well apparently it's not our
house it's our house I you know this
whole trip is going to be filled with me
miss presents the old house is like bull
who's Brit is whose yeah I told us what
it was who's and he said it the house I
don't know we don't know how to say
anything well wherever we are she gave
us lots of recommendations so you're
awesome girl so anyway one of the places
she said I can get a gourmet hot dog and
I am like all over that so that's where
we're heading now my outfit today is not
my finest it's my New Balance trainers
my jeans a shirt from Topshop and as
well coat what an outfit of the day what
a great view UN rÃªve I think I should
look good
hey Leslie yeah this is what I'm wearing
this Allen's coat it is an acne coat
that exactly I may be ruling acne yeah
um yeah that's what I want to say
because I I think it looks somewhat
scandi like you know okay I got try just
happens as one's outfits pretty chic and
scandi and cool is it yeah I think so
you've got this like nice bomber jacket
this is cause you've got this nice tunic
type of colourless shirt that is from
cause you've got these cool tracky
bottoms like real chic ones and your
invisible socks yeah soon to have shoes
on them
yeah but I actually really like them
first stop Juden fuss I think and we
came here for the gourmet hotdog and it
looks amazing I have no idea what this
says but she recommended it and I'm
getting it too gourmet hot dogs coming
up the weather is pretty terrible we see
people trying to make their way through
this and their umbrellas are just like
falling apart so I'll try to capture
some of those from areas moments so the
food is here oh my God look at this
freaking hot dog it looks it's electable
there's me the perfect amount of onions
it's nice we got some fries in the
middle here as well and it stays on for
Gigi she can't wait to eat this I just
wanted to take a quick little interlude
halfway through this hotdog because I
know I'm gonna eat it too fast
but it's so good isn't it like I died
this is the best hotdogs oh my bad
I would say sorry this is better than a
dope hot dog the dog hot dog started
opening
okay by the way this is the place that
we just had the best hotdogs of our
lives
drew danfous again butchering yeah so
now where are we off to you we are
heading to I think we're gonna head to
the museum and there's also the city
hall that we want to go inside as well
so yeah we're going to brave the weather
and try to get there in one piece okay
we're just up it's across the street and
here's the museum and here is the
rainbow that everybody's always talking
about so I'm really excited to
experience that you can see people
walking around up there so we will be up
there soon so we are making our way up
the stairs towards our us pronunciation
I don't know how that happened it's a
are smaller than big s again
so is it our OS or is it just arrows hey
Ross it's anyone's guess yeah we read oh
no come on we can make it up these
stairs are you ready - no no is that a
statue
a real person is that you that's real
person these are real person yeah you
know it is you think so I think it's a
statute yeah I think it's a statute I
think so I think it's meant to be like
you meant to think it's real but do
check no you like get your over here hey
these are the stairs that lead up to the
Rainbow Room you can probably see it
this entire room is like green and
yellow really crazy views too now we're
in the red pink section
as I was just trying to photograph me
here a nice suave shot for the blog so
I'm gonna take off a little sup ahead
loser
don't the rainbow now we are going to be
walking around the main exhibition
having a look what's on offer this one
is called elephant darkness yes it looks
like these doors go into a very dark
dark place we're just trying to figure
out what this thing says here I think it
says my sense of your sense of it's kind
of hard to see because of this thing
that I've gone the other side so yeah my
sense of your sense of language I think
I think
okay this is somewhat interesting things
like haunted house like dusters yeah
that's kinda like this is like so by
really oh my god Wow
it's like that balloon place laughing
dude but it's with this fog stuff it's
kind of cool actually
come on
you literally can't see like you see
your hand but just stand there I want to
see it oh sure how quickly you disappear
like this is what live like five meters
and your gun I like this a lot
mm-hmm okay that's just a gonna go find
out where are you
walk towards my voice I can kind of hey
there you are
oh this is so crazy so is the West lying
exhibition they have this is a kind of
special one
now I'm sure we're not I'd take photos
in yes so sorry guys done with the words
like that did you like it
I love the West Lange exhibition this
mess with my favorite one I've seen in
ages as London loved it I liked it but
it wasn't my favorite yeah bye I loved
it I loved seeing inside the comments
that was amazing alright we're just
walking around see what else is around
here wow that is a giant child
yeah we're gonna have a banana but there
is another person actual person next
that said I mean until it's pretty big
pretty huge
the shows
okay thank you can you can see like just
like the faint faint oh look and the
elbows have those like are like the
hottest skin like you know
what's going on I'm just enjoying a
little yes I started drinking coffee why
did you start drinking coffee I can't
sleep because you can't sleep yeah so
when I wake up in the morning I feel
exhausted I see JJ drink coffee in the
mornings Cal drinkin anytime day any
time like okay so for lunch
Walt's up before lunch now you can
probably talk about you read read I know
I read they feel read anyway yeah just
finished the museum and oh my gosh we
met the nicest viewer and I completely
forgot to poke her at the blog and I
feel so bad we actually wanted to chase
that where she's already bond so nice
dad was with her and taking pictures of
us instead of is so nice and try to say
hi to you and I'm sorry I didn't put you
in the blog but if I see you around put
you in it but yeah I don't know where
she is so I don't know what we're going
to be heading next to the town hall but
it's like walking me out food on a
Saturday I don't know 10 holes open but
yeah drink our drinks here and we'll try
and make the tunnel we just got to the
City Hall unfortunately it's closed I
mean it makes sense it's the weekend so
I think we'll try to come back on Monday
but it looks really cool inside I'll try
to show you I don't know if you can see
inside there but that is the inside so
we'll be coming back here on Monday
really I was just saved as I'm like even
the outdoor banisters are cool
damn you Danes you're so freakin cool
though who recommended all those food
places really recommend that you go yeah
she said it to muss yeah sound sir was
on my honey Ackerson got a lot of like
very cool ok now what's the plan walk
around in order to try and hit up some
shop yeah walk around see where the
world takes us look at the blue skies
are back out baby that is what I love to
see so we're just shopping and I was
told to come to this store applause yeah
the damage picture image and they're so
gorgeous I can't get over it so this
one's putting on makeup this one she is
what being taken attack
I've been dilly dallying meditating my
name is Riley yeah I mean I can't
complain because I was doing nothing so
the whole time that's true the record
I've been editing a blog post I edited
tomorrow's vlog hmm and yeah I'm a
productive pimp you give me like a make
up 101 course one day yeah this is
bronzer bronzer and this is I'm up my
obsession you just like to show off your
big massive marches yeah so we're going
up at dinner now and yeah just just
really put some dry shampoo into my hair
like seriously it is my friend it is my
friend I don't even care it's just
something looks good thanks
looks like a messy messy and effortless
you want me to do a tutorial for this
don't wash your hair for two days and
use a lot of dry shampoo and travel and
let the wind get in it the wind are
there ready actually like yeah we went
in the rain but I actually like it in a
way okay should we go yeah let's go
where are we going we're going to
restaurant which apparently specializes
in Danish cuisine but it has a little
bit of a Nordic flair and it's organic
right yes so that isn't Danish Organic
Nordic yeah all things we love and this
was another recommendation from Mia this
morning so very cool we excited to go
fresh on is called
lang HOF and Jul probably again
mispronouncing that but okay from now on
we're gonna spray us everything he just
skies is forgive us okay we're in
different country either common both to
go to Google every single time and
figure out the pronunciation like you
know yeah
we're heading to scar ghen soon and we
don't notice a it's like Scott's Kanye's
this is solid Giovanni
maybe it's like my it's like Skyy yeah
yeah and apparently what did you say our
house was pronounced Aarhus yeah um
office okay I just want to see this cute
Instagram picture eyes on a night echo
that we are yeah it only took us like
four tries to get this cuz we ran out of
film and then it was a blank photo yeah
yeah we gonna yes I'm art okay so the
waiter just came over we're at the
restaurant if I design em and explain
the entire menu primitive Danish
there's just no way we can verify every
ligament through every single till the
menu is so nice and I think you know
we're gonna get then excellent
restaurant is a little bit quiet at the
moment but I'm not worried about
so you know Aslan loves his Danish
design and he's picked up that main
thing here in all the restaurants is
that they have mix-matched chairs yep
and take it away
come on oh yeah like fit on the like you
hear you see like all the chairs are
going to mix match and the interior is
very nice but what are those in this
retrospectively all the chairs of agna
chairs only languages love a bit of Hans
Wegner oh yeah
so Justin called on a hazelnut soup milk
soup thing looks delicious and I'm
having a chicken on coleslaw with grapes
and some of other amazing stuff I said
loves that one the way to something more
like explain it describe it like you're
having a chicken on a plate of course
though with us great and I've got this
what essentially kind of like a smaller
broad burger it's like a burger but
without the top button but yeah it's
very nice about like pickled onions some
smoked almonds in there as well and some
like nice chili mayonnaise I stay is a
blogger mode yet again and you got a
grips yeah
barbecue ribs yeah we don't have a lot
of it
use your finger baby yeah they took my
fork so finger like they did Oh
so one thing we've noticed is that it's
now 10:00 tonight on a Sunday evening
this restaurant is complete
which we the same of the other area the
couple we did before we know is ending
to come and so wait Saturday night is
only this restaurant we will review the
people on interpret ice and it's
delicious it's really good food is great
like what if you did you could just not
go to restaurants today to tell us like
yeah that night would you could you
others go to a bar and get like like it
feel snacks yeah no I just have like a
full-blown meal
first we were just thinking oh maybe
we're here too early or something maybe
it's like too early for dinner but it's
like Oh nobody's you said this
restaurant seriously I would come back
in a park it's so good the atmosphere
like even others note here it's really
nice all of the like waiters are really
nice as well like I say very physically
attractive yeah I feel and I've just
been talking about how gorgeous to feel
yeah I don't think this this restaurant
just in general people demoed like
beautiful honestly I think I said it
when I saw those two girls in the store
but like you literally look at these
people and you're like how can someone
be so gorgeous
yeah but they're all just like I don't
think it seems like everybody is like
kind of like always fit and healthy
looking as well like you know just
amazing happy yeah I better is working
just being drinking with
yes oh my god
I can't dessert has arrived oh my god
this is it called a beer cake there's
actually no beer in it
but apparently it's a traditional Danish
yeah it looks like quite a thick sponge
in this one on a sponge it is like
gingerbread Gingerbread and then this is
a chocolate cake
are these lingonberries yeah maybe this
is like IKEA styling and Mary gooze
that's so cool yeah and then beautiful
caramel on top of them
delicious how I go in for the old
girlfriend good oh oh you a little cross
like that I don't know what happened
there try that okay so that is so good
oh my god is that the best chocolate
you've ever had in your life I think
it's up there yeah I'm holy something oh
yeah I couldn't touch it's kind of like
so moist
yeah oh my god okay let's try that
sea-salt America what are the kind of
interesting things at them what works
for some water and they gave it to us in
this kind of a look gardener juicing it
but then they do it so it's kind of
environmental II sustainable you know
this is recyclable
doesn't cause plastic to go wasteful
into landfill which is very nice so
we're done with the food yeah food was
amazing it was really really good oh
definitely I bet oh yeah really good
nice atmosphere yes that cool well nice
waiter what waiter anyway is they go to
lhamo oh goody um we'll be a really nice
and I am tired and I'm cold so we will
see you in the next vlog tomorrow oh
this I think this may be my favorite
it's a
I still see
because there are so many people just
like so much
