morning day two of nada clogs we woke up
very early this morning not too bad it
was like 8:00 which was which isn't that
I already had a bit of a line but it was
really 7:00 our time
yeah and este was so sleepy I haven't
been that tired of a very long time yeah
and it slept all day yesterday not
really I actually it seemed like I slept
love but I only took like 20 minutes
really yeah yeah five 20-minute knows
I'm just doing my makeup here I might go
more in depth um about my makeup that I
brought on my beauty Channel I'm still
not sure yet
but I have this really cool Laura
Mercier travel kit thing that I was
really excited to finally use and yeah
it's working out great so we're just
about to go down for breakfast but I
thought I would do the hotel room tour
so okay let's do this thing so you walk
in and this is the room and this
wallpaper is really cool I'll come back
to it but when you walk in there's like
a little cupboard thing here and then
this is the bathroom
the bathroom is really nice it's got
like this huge shower that was one of
the best showers of my life it was so
good pressure was so intense amazing
pressure and yeah then it has a little
mirror hi and yeah what else can I show
you here's the sink really cool sink
it's got this cool stuff here all
natural stuff I don't know what this
says maybe my German viewers can tell me
and then when you walk out you see this
cool paper again and then this is the
actual room and I I was obsessed with
this when we came in last night I
thought it was so cool and TV which we
didn't use and then it has this cool
little workstation this globe is
actually a lamp and it glows in the dark
it was well it lights up it's really
cool I guess you just look on to other
rooms who haven't been out here yet
scary and then here's the bed where the
magic happens
and what else can I say oh yeah the
wallpaper yeah we've been trying to
figure out like a couple of these people
um there's a few people that we
recognize there are some naked women on
here so don't don't say I didn't warn
you it's nice
always be curious Sailor Moon Sailor
Moon is up there so I'm breakfast down
estees full on blogging mode
pretty nice actually the breakfast isn't
too bad God already had my eggs my bacon
over here it's a very good selection
they've got some dried stuff but hot
stuff over there Wow out and about in
the day in the sunlight experiencing the
the industrial side of Hamburg
I think this used to be kind of like a
dock area but recently they've been
doing lots of renovations and got it put
up this building where the hotel is okay
so we are off to a miniature Museum yeah
apparently so it's called like miniature
of Wonderland or something and it's
meant to be the world's largest
miniature railway set up mainly because
what I was looking up Hamburg was like
okay we're only gonna be here where are
you gonna have like two or three hours
in the morning to do anything I was like
what do I wanted to really do one single
thing I was like this is it I want to go
to the miniature breaking the world's
largest miniature railway set up it
sounds like a dream come true to me so
there's something about walking around
in an area that's all kind of like
completely new very very nice like very
nice is really what the old kind of dog
and all the buildings are kind of funky
and new so I saw this massive key I was
like oh my god that's for the Hamburg
dungeons so I'm hoping the modern Bond
miniatur wunderland whatsoever yes
which can only mean that it's so good
that people have been to it like a
hundred times already so they know
they're bored of it that's my logic
have you forgotten anything your bag
umbrella your gloves your giraffe
there's quite a big queue actually but
they just organize it very well and they
give you a ticket and then you wait
based on that so got about a 40-minute
wait so I think you just walk around
looks like a kind of weird tall statue
looking thing over there let's go there
Philly yeah yeah new experiences
everyday we're going up this staffing to
go across the road
crazy gonna blow your mind guys loose
like a Down escalator except when you
come up to it and it all still go okay
all right now the guy the guy I saw the
guy he approached it he went down on it
yeah yeah maybe we need there needs to
stop or something then I saw this guy
just walked up to it it went down and we
just talked about coming up yeah so yeah
this original black spy thing that we're
coming to is all caught up in
scaffolding we must look out there we'll
carry on
I find outside elevators so cool how did
this work in the rain if it's raining
and stuff on it which I'm sure does how
does it work
must be that famous German engineering
here we are at the rat house it's the
very sunny thing we're gonna see much
but yeah there's another cue there so we
really were kind of talent time so I was
gonna walk around it and maybe go to the
main square and then we'll have to head
back up
well this is the first designer hoses
and if you look at the campaign she's
just casually on a leather couch in a
garden with a hose so that's kind of
it's kind of crazy
I don't know who would own a designer
hose is this like Beyonce's hose okay
just to prove mainly to myself and
others I am NOT insane this Escott is
now going up we're going down
only about 40 minutes ago now it's going
up finally we are in would you go estees
take some sweet shots and you can see
here we can help things this is a
warehouse or such in another warehouse
as well oh look here's their workshop
where they make all the things that's
pretty cool oh my God look at this I
think if you're a kid this is like
freaking happen all these different
sounds is gonna get yoy Wow oh look at
all these friggin fire engines
yeah
that won't be like your freaking dream
job right just see around smooth like
butter will freaking love this make
model that escapes though every sweet
here we go this is Switzerland Oh My
Jesus look at this
oh wow this is friggin incredible
even better like a slow-mo concert over
there concert going on with an actual
screen
so right
this nighttime mode now
frequently
we're now in the airport section cool
isn't it I was saying it's just like in
beetlejuice yeah
yes this is meant to be like the Rockies
of the Wild West
you know what's through those doors over
there what I Section will be very
relevant to us get an idea oh yeah
I think this is meant to be Denmark over
here look it's kind of like the beaches
around Jutland and Scotland where we
will be yeah I didn't actually bring a
baby oh maybe we'll pick what about
Island but I don't think it actually
it's probably be bathing weather it
seems like he's like berating him most
of the time so his Denmark and oh my God
look there's a giant
this sizing under this maybe my favorite
it's like a festival scene
because there are so many people just
like so much
I think this is like a mode of all the
famous people of being here and Rod
Stewart's been here mmm of course I
couldn't resist getting ice cream had to
happen yeah but it's like what lunchtime
it's a chocolate ice cream and now to
run back to the car and we're gonna
drive I think I know the way to Denmark
to our house that's where we're going
and I have to say the miniature world
was freakin amazing I loved it all right
if you ever in North East Park Germany
go to Hamburg and visit the miniature
world it was really cool that's like the
scale mind-blowing will just be my
vetoes Wow okay we are now entering
Denmark and we are in Denmark we are in
you we are in you
so we hit some major traffic and
naturally Aslan decided to take a
shortcut and we have no idea no I
look rather quaint and Danish village
yeah it's really nice actually but yeah
we're supposed to be at this air B&B it
but everything else is a freakin buggin
on this yeah we we love a good fungal oh
don't we animal what a nice little
Street and we're supposed to be at this
air B&B like 20 minutes ago and weird
it's not happening but yeah it's a nice
little Street look at the sky is so blue
we made it to our house and we are here
in our house um no we're at the air B&B
and it's such an amazing place when I
walked and I was like om to the G and
this is exactly why Airbnb is so amazing
because like last night's Hotel was more
expensive in this entire place I thought
I'd do a quick lick tour of this place
because it is just so nice and the
people were really nice as well do you
walk in you have the bathroom here and
you've got two separate areas so I'll do
this area first here's the kitchen look
at that gorgeous and then there's like a
laundry room in there and then here's
like the living area here and then the
bedroom is in here it's so gorgeous oh
my god I can't believe it
and then if you come into this room it's
like the dining table and then the
workstation where I'll be editing the
vlogs and from what we've seen in the
town it is just gorge so you could
picture yourself living here that is for
sure look at this so I've just been
chilling out a bit and I've just been
you know doing some emails and stuff but
now it's time to go out because we're
going to just wander around the city and
possibly grab a bite to eat I've changed
into my evening attire not really I just
put this tank top on with my same skirt
I love it
in the background right in it all right
I'm kidding
yes so I guess we will head out and keep
you posted
so apple-pie go let's go up all the
terraces okay goes on like is it
upstairs but yeah it's up this ladder is
he for realsies right now like am I
gonna climb up his ladder okay I'll do
it okay I'll try and not get an upskirt
oh you be good maybe it's fine
well we're just walking along the
streets now oh I love it here
there's something about Denmark I don't
know what it is what is it did he get
yes it is I was waiting for to say I set
you up to say that yeah it just kind of
means it's like a Danish word for when a
room or a house or place is cozy
in just the right way right I'm out of
everything yeah two months yeah
since Denmark is definitely doing
something right to all of the American
viewers this is what a 7-eleven looks
like in Denmark it's so cute
we're just walking through this
beautiful park on the way to the
restaurant we have a restaurant in mind
we just saw in the guidebook but if we
see something better I think we're gonna
go to that but it's a nice night I wish
I brought a sweater Oh like I'm not
freezing but it's gonna get cool
definitely and yet just enjoying the
experience beautiful scenery we just
came across a few bicycles just a couple
just a couple bikes that's amazing
very cool love it I wish I had my bike
here we found a little place for dinner
and you suck up some mirrors here whoa
who's that babe future I mean that babe
even this what a nice thing is
Scandinavian like what is this thing
look at these organic shapes so nice to
feel it in my hand it's really nice for
butter yeah I just want to spread stuff
with it three years ago this like a
moron
I don't know how yeah it must be I
watched on TV oh I don't know ooh la la
I just got some raspberry lemonade if
you would focus raspberry little roses
yeah it's not like a fancy wine it's
raspberry lemonade and you got some beer
is this a Cheers moment oh I'm gonna
Cheers
slowly okay we just got some bread but
more importantly just stare at this
butter with garlic and parsley and I
know I'm like why does that look so good
to me
I'm going to be using this and this on
this and that is ohm nom nom nom nom and
starters have arrived this is mine
it's potatoes and mushrooms and she
explained it beautifully
I have no idea and black truffle this is
like on like a crab roll yeah this is a
con
dill thing with some sort of snow and I
can catch one of us very very badly so
the main just got here and it looks
delectable and actually smells well with
moment so this is the main here let's
see so it's pork
awesome vegetable to press and pea
shoots the onions corn and some broth
doesn't it look good let's see looks
we're so hungry
dessert is here and it certainly looks
quite scrumptious doesn't it yeah I
already started
'banahna almond something some some lots
of good stuff in there anyway
so we've done a dinner yes we had dinner
it's getting a little bit late yeah
quite exhausted considering the amount
of driving we've done today on the road
you know this road lifestyle yeah but
then it was lovely well then he was
amazing yeah I think Scott and what was
it called
Nordic spice house yeah I think I
thought it was yet yeah it was like
really really nice nice
so today we are going to wrap it up and
tomorrow is like a very full day we're
gonna be doing the sites and stuff like
that so come join us tomorrow I'm sure
it'll be a great time and I will see you
in a next one bye
first rhizoma crossbow
