morning hey woody what day is it Sunday
Sunday morning yeah and some reasons I
get to go so he's excited to go out on
you you her he's very excited
yeah which is gonna start the day is
getting off the leash is interested
Reggie what's going on
somebody nice girls any squirrels none
the even sing this is Reggie's favorite
walking position right in between us
this is many likes to walk what does
that mean does that mean he's like you
like anything so he's happy to have
breakfast and a peanut butter 300 yeah
yarn it up baby no no we're just having
breakfast I thought made me some toast
and some blueberries which is really
nice mm-hmm nice casual I'm sorry I'm so
sleepy stuff I know yeah I still haven't
been sleeping very well recently yeah
she's been struggling she's being like
waking up in the middle of my the whole
time waking me up and whatever you like
actually yeah
if she's sleepy hates everything so I
need the team get me through the day and
the blueberries I think they give you
energy I think they do yeah but if you
followed Antonia you know that I'm not
sleeping because I'll be like tweeting
at like 4 a.m. everywhere like you got
an Internet addiction yeah give you guys
an update but what's going on I'm just
getting things ready because we're gonna
have some people over for dinner tonight
so I'm just figuring out a woman gonna
cook what ingredients I need to get
today that sort of thing yeah should be
exciting
meanwhile there's lovely ladies putting
on her makeup had it bad yeah yeah she's
been my another video series game ready
for that mm-hmm
see no rest for today even on a Sunday
I'm working working hard me
yeah especially goodies and things you
know
okay just finished filming that was good
and now what am i doing I am trying to
tidy up because we're having a little
barbecue tonight
I don't think we've said this in a vlog
but my friend Zach who you've seen
before in vlogs he's actually staying
with us he's been staying with us for
just a couple days and he's leaving
tomorrow he's going back to Canada which
sucks
oh yeah so it's his last night here so
he thought we'd have a little barbecue
and I need to get this place in tip-top
shape before people come over and see
this so that's what I'm doing really
exciting on a Sunday I'm just cleaning
up the kitchen then I have no idea
what's going on here Aslan's obviously
got some sort of a plan but I don't know
what do you think that is maybe dessert
who knows this is interesting the man
has a plan I ordered this blanket a few
days ago and it came in the mail I
haven't had time to open it I think I
got it from a place called T and Kate so
it's just like a classic blanket but I
really like it it's so nice this Anna
back London anyway I was thinking of
putting this on my couch where I film
just does you know switch up the
blankets a little bit you know I'm
saying so yeah if you like that I'll
link that down below very nice
somebody's excited again come on we got
this big mirror put in here so it's
perfect for OOTD even though I'm not
wearing anything exciting I'm just
wearing a t-shirt and a necklace and
jeans ripped jeans another pair and my
Birkenstocks so let's get this leash on
you come on get in
didn't get it get him get him it's
really hard to do this one headed in
good good boy okay let's roll Reggie
we've been having the nicest summer in
London this year I can't get over it
it has hardly been raining it's amazing
it's so nice but I do love autumn and
I'd actually don't mind the rain that
much either but I am enjoying the summer
time it is it's a nice little feeling
and Reggie he doesn't mind it when it's
this kind of temperature but when it's
too hot he hates it but today's the
perfect temperature in my opinion is
that your opinion - Reggie
yes so I'm just like cleaning the
kitchen because Reggie has food
everywhere if I put his bed by the
stickers I just decided that he needed
to lay on it like he can just go right
to the living room but no you wants to
be right by the table perfect
Oh Reggie it's okay just give me ten
minutes just so nope just so going back
thanks perfect sex in it I just don't
buy from the supermarket's and it was
pretty bad it was so busy in the Asda
well offends me a selfie from inside
Asda and the look of sheer yeah I know
the Tesco was really funny
you know however the front of sometimes
because I have a sign says hello that's
right
somebody had taken down the Oh in the
pillow and then it just said hell and
there was like this guy like with a pram
like sitting in front of other banks
like looking the Preston day I tweeted
outside the picture I hear it now it was
pretty funny today so I'm gonna have a
quick lunch down then I'll stop getting
ready for the dinner tonight yeah it
takes me four hours to get my hair done
okay oh look it's a pineapple and what
do you need to eat up I'll properly a
pineapple corer and since we featured a
pineapple corer and it stays other
favourites just a short while ago people
have been curious people have been
asking us and apparently other people
over the world I cannot find pineapple
corer is easily available so we thought
we had to justify it because you know a
pineapple corer makes one's life a lot
better not just it makes one guys work
well anyway so there you go
ten pineapple corer is for you ladies
and gentlemen ten lucky lucky cirno's
will be getting one of these
yeah so all you have to do to win one is
obviously be a subscriber of se button
vlogs and give this video a thumbs up
and then leave a comment
below telling us what your favorite
fruit is any why so the normal kind of
chaotic mess before the dinner party
that's alright I kind of got under
control
you know doing things cooking along I'm
not gonna do like a step by step because
it's just there's too many steps there's
just confuse people but if any of these
recipes specifically stick out in my
mind
we'll do a nozzle cook something with
something let's run I stays busy editing
videos so we're both being very
productive time so as you can see is in
full-on cooking mode and we've only got
an hour to go the dinner parties they
stress me out of barbecues whatever they
are I this is not my job
they're always you know very stressful
until the people get here late
just shot in the kitchen with my main
man Z dog and we are wow I'm just like
looking at this food that has once been
making what is this thing looks that's
like a work of art how do you pronounce
it like Spanish or spanakopita
spanakopita
I think spanakopita is very very North
American like you know have you actually
Greek spanakopita it's Greek though
right yeah yeah it's Greek
lazy man and then this is I don't know
what these will be roasted radishes oh
my gosh Reggie two on buddy get away
from there yeah so we're just waiting
for people to come so who's coming
tonight Alan's friend and his girlfriend
and Sanne the youtuber by the name of
books and quills so it should be nice
fun time the dinner party has started
and what do you call this salad hmm it's
an orange mozzarella quinoa there we go
Here I am eating this the spanakopita
spanakopita we don't know how to say it
and here I've got Sunna
and so sauce and look at this we've
bought a vegetarian burger here I tried
my hardest
and she let me get yeah it looks amazing
and apparently it's mushrooms black
beans rice and she's topped it off with
lots of delicious items so yeah
dinnertime is a good time okay does that
time for somebody it's good too yeah
usually you have to like unpeel the
thing off this is some tape on there
just excuse the presentation but
hopefully good it's like this honey
thing like honey and cream so it's gonna
be tasty yeah it has to taste good if
it's honey
okay we're coming up to the end of the
meal it's cheese course which is ITT
housewife yeah nice thank you
so the dinner party is actually over now
I'm so sorry we haven't been vlogging
that much today but some of the people
at tonight's dinner party
they don't make YouTube yes so it's a
little bit weird for some people you
know to become human I totally get that
I so love you said that it was a really
nice dinner and I'm so glad everyone
came to so nice to see something again
and now we have really fun task of
cleaning all this stuff up and I don't
think you know what I'm talking about
I'm going to show you the second but
aslan this is how the mad cooks when the
man wants to throw dinner party the man
throws a dinner party let's just go
through the absolute disaster we've got
going on here I'm gonna have to do oh my
god more over here
Wow don't worry everybody's helping so
that's fine it's gonna big deal but it's
just really great to watch Aslan cook
because things go everywhere and
anywhere and yeah lots of places but the
food was so amazing did I say that right
vlog the popsicles
did we probably not but as I made these
like honey popsicles that are like honey
and cream I know so good so yeah it was
worth it so it's getting pretty late
we're watching the mama show on the TV
again yeah oh yeah that's gonna be the
end we're so tired for some reason yet
today was kind of medic so like I said
sorry dudes much but everything is gonna
be good near the end of the week because
that's when we're heading on our trip
and we will be doing lots of vlogs in
Scandinavia might not be every single
day just depends on how the internet is
where we are but we will be blogging and
yeah don't forget to enter the
pineapples giveaway yeah
no snow what was the question to get all
your favorite food why yeah so if you're
gonna wrap it up short and sweet and we
will see you in the next one bye bye
an amazing
