happy Saturday everybody Ritchie is such
a little baby this morning he was cos he
doesn't go up the stairs and he's sat at
the bottom of the stairs crying for us
to come down and it was like before 8:00
in the morning
Oh Reggie you always get what you want
Reggie you're being let 3d just wait he
just looks well yeah that's what he does
he surveys the area for squirrels should
we do an OOTD oh I'll just do my calves
you know step this t-shirt got some
company come sure yeah he can't see
anything you just like yeah he thinks he
and your trainers freeze we literally
just woke up I stay doesn't look like I
just woke up that essay looks like a
homeless person who likes to dress
himself by hand
look at that darling look at that later
zone we've got the pink PJs we've got
the Birkenstocks and then we've got the
gray coats Reggie but then Reggie was
crying and I was like oh maybe I'll just
come I'm in my pajamas I was like well
can I just wear my Birkenstock something
like hey he's cool I was like wow maybe
I'll just put this coat on do it I don't
fix things and then I was like yeah he
did the double day he's like wait a
second what the hell's Mandee dog oh he
won't he's a squirrel in the park friend
to chase but there's nine uh-huh
he is a chasing dog Oh Reggie this is
sick my way
sickening we love them so much Azlan
brought these treats along for edgy and
he took it all the way over there and he
was eating it alone in peace look at
this guy
oh my look at this zoom that's amazing
I dropped the bag treats I just painted
my nails and had a shower and dried my
hair but my allergies are going crazy
crazy crazy I can barely breathe so I'm
trying to find some medicine to take I
don't normally take allergy medicine but
it's to the point where I cannot breathe
really so I have to take it the reason I
have no makeup on it's because I'm gonna
be filming a little tutorial thing today
so that's what we're doing
trying to locate the medicine drama in
the kitchen I say just breathe in a bug
a bug what kind of bug the big fly
Reggie but you couldn't care that oh oh
you're in rough shape eh yeah this
allergy medication is not kicking in no
no again I'm just having some peanut
butter toast here because as Len is over
there cooking something
however it's past 11:00 in the morning
now and the breakfast is still not
complete it's a little behind schedule
it's taking a little while so I was like
I'm I'm a faint if I don't eat something
soon I'm the same of course I'm watching
dr. Phil this is a story of my life
people I'm obsessed
just gonna try to tidy up these clothes
before I film my video this is like the
neverending saga let's get organized
people okay so I'm just getting prepared
to film a flick get ready with me kind
of I don't even know what the video is
if I'm being completely honest I'm
winging it
but it's gonna have a makeup element as
well I've got this camera over here and
I've got some other stuff going on here
I don't even know what's going on right
now I'm not even looking at my own face
I'm I'm having a creative blank that's
the word having a creative mind blank
because I'm just trying to do something
but I don't even know what I'm doing
it's like when you can't think of the
words to say something so we shall see
how this day pans out we shall this is
the kind of that goes down when you
make youtube videos just finished
filming the makeup part of the video
and I think it went really well we'll
have to see in editing but Aslan is
Aslan Aslan is making its lair my
grandma calls Aslan Aslan because she
can't save makes you mother Esmond I
Suns making these amazing what is this
it's like you make granola oh my god it
smells seriously it smells like an apple
pie making competition is going on here
I wish that was happening I love that
will pie who doesn't
but that smells damn good can I try some
it smells like apple crumble is it too
hot to eat not to say nothing though but
still emitting it up yeah why it was
where he got it with milk almond milk no
milk actually it kills a lot of flavors
like dozens I'm taking this boy out for
a quick walk it is after lunchtime so I
like to take him out but yeah the camera
is about to die so I can't take it with
me still filming no I'm done just wait
for it to cool down and then we'll do
the you know the money shot yeah mm-hmm
by that I mean cereal and of all women
yes I know your language but not
everybody loved us what are we eating
for lunch because it needs to happen
soon this is pretty much the only thing
we've got in the house so you don't mind
do you
yeah sure okay we're having a moment
here cuz I think I stays trying to pull
a fast one on me
so apparently Nicole Richie's father you
know Nicole Richie from the simple life
Paris Hilton BFF planning her father is
Lionel Richie this singer yeah but for
some reason must be true because they're
on this Oprah segment together yeah it's
true because daughter
it is Nicole Richie Lionel Richie's
biological daughter
oh it's adopted I'm super both kind of
right okay I didn't know that that's
interesting we're learning whoa you're
gonna write and run huh we're both gonna
write and run there you go we're
teaching you things we're having a bit
of leftovers from last night as one made
this really good pasta with beans and
tomatoes
and some tomato as well and it was so
good so we're having it again round to
update is now 3:20 in the afternoon I'm
actually about to enjoy this delicious
cup of tea yes tea tea and then we're
gonna film the second part of my get
ready with me video and then we're
actually gonna leave and do something so
that should be cool but yeah first I
need a little energy boost from this to
you even though it's pretty hot outside
I'm still taking a moment to enjoy this
oh it feels good I'm in my happy place
this is my happy place so so so so okay
I don't think I've actually spoken about
my bicycle in a vlog have I I don't
think so well I did Instagram it but I
I've been wanting to get a bicycle for
ages and my must have been a few weeks
ago now I got a bicycle and I've been
loving it I've been loving the bicycle I
just love everything about it so I'm
gonna do a little bicycle shout out and
might get ready with me video I'm gonna
show you guys the bike in a second it's
outside and I got a helmet for it and we
are gonna be just going to get to go to
the grocery store and I just thought why
don't I cycle to the grocery store but I
want to get a salon to film a couple of
parts to it anyway but um yeah here's my
helmet if anybody wants to see it it's
by the brand song so I say it s Ahn yeah
I'll put it on for you what a Coolio
helmets are fugly things in general say
I look really ugly but I thought this
was pretty cute but and I you know I'm
gonna wear a helmet obviously everybody
if you cycle you should be wearing a
helmet so this is my helmet stay safe
stay song but we got this online right I
will link to this down below now let's
go
okay just went to Tesco and I got some
flowers as well and they were reduced to
one pound fifty so that was pretty good
although they're almost dead but I'm
gonna revive them and aslan is feeling
very uncomfortable with
his little camera device a little
self-conscious I've never seen him like
you know what the hell's going on here
I've never seen you look like
self-conscious Oh with a camera before
oh yeah because it's just so big I think
I think the follow is what it
really pushes it not kill myself nope Oh
guys I'm one-handed right now having
straight for a pole it is so fun on a
bicycle bill tell you that aizen's like
watch where you're going
check this out guys I'm gonna go right
into the cycle lane and I'm gonna pull
right up into the cycle holding area
because I'm a cyclist now ah no not so
Zach and Marty are back who are these
strangers it's been ages it's been a
while what have you guys been doing are
you even alive anymore yes you are
have you been enjoying your time in
London still you've been doing an
internship thing haven't you is that
what they call it apprenticeship in
Jersey oh it's internship a workplace
thing so we've been chilling out and I
think we're gonna go to I can't think
we're gonna have dinner somewhere and
then we're going to this concert which
is in a car park it's a cello right
concerto I've never said that word
before we're going to a concerto in a
car park I should call the vlog concerto
in a car park so that should be good but
we've got some time to kill and we're
just chilling out drinking some water
and Aslan's very busy and being very
antisocial right now I'm just be weeding
because you remember we plotted planted
bees there's some weeds and some big
ones look at this bastard he's like over
him eat the tool so you know you gotta
take him down I was there taking up all
the sunshine I forgot to vlog this but
we were just taking Reggie on a little
walk I'm so bad with vlogging today for
some reason but yeah he just went for a
walk he's exhausted now Oh
we're at this pub of public house and
lodgings that's not what it's called is
it
yeah we're not getting anything as Len
and Zack are having a little snack
having drinks but this is a no yeah
we're going to we are gonna have a
dinner of the begging bowl across the
road but it's not until they are in
Peckham Brian
yeah we're in Peckham rye we've got a
classic going on here we're at the
restaurant we were literally right
across the street here waiting for it to
open up we come over like 10 minutes
after it opens and it is completely full
and we'd have to wait an hour to get in
so that it's not gonna fly or else we're
gonna be late for the concerto so we're
gonna try to find some other loose we're
back in the pub tried tested and true
and we're just trying to decide what to
get I always get hot dogs that's my
favorite thing in the world but the
buttermilk chicken burgers and sounding
pretty good too the food is here Aslan
got fish and chips
Zac that's like
sweet potato burger thing propoxyphene
which i wish i got and what is this
curry yes om Sheen and wild rice and of
course I got this massive hotdog
first thing I wasn't says whoa look at
that wiener I found a friend a cat
look at this it's just hanging around
looks little upset looks a little hungry
it wants a mouse so we just had dinner
and now we're gonna try to track down
this place where they're holding the
concert now as you can see we've got the
faith Chapel right over there this is a
really nice area I really like it here
like I said I've never been here before
but it's really nice oh look at this dog
about town wonder what this is they must
sell like dog stuff oh it's like
groomers I think look at this place look
at this they've actually put the the
book here through the actual glasses
pretty interesting we are in the parking
garage thing apparently this is where
the concerts up but yeah it's up there I
can see people this is some underground
shiz right here well it's over ground
but I'm saying you know saying here we
go in the queue
most people this way
all that way right Lizzie and the view
over those trees is very good but I
think we're gonna see a better view so
here we are once you go up to the it's
kind of a cool car boarded area that's
nice so we should be letting through the
ticket area over here and then it's kind
of like right over this sort of
industrial kind of area but very kind of
thick in this looking like modern age
Dickens are like
so here we have the main area Perry this
performance starts at 8:45 but that's
kind of like smaller groups playing
around here yeah oh my God look at this
view
this is gorgeous
this is amazing
oh my god bloody hell
leather this Canary Wharf over there
zoom in Canary Wharf over there then we
go to the left
see this city over there got some Mary's
ax gherkin shot right there Wow
it's a lovely beach look at these lovely
Gardens up in again the view the view up
here
bloody house
and amazingly it poisons me so they're
all down there chatting I just cannot
get over this view I was saying like
what is it about a good view that makes
you feel the way you feel when I look at
this I just it's you know on this camera
it's not anything as good as it is in
real life but it just kind of makes you
think about things differently I don't
know I just I absolutely love this view
it's just oh doing something to me right
now I think it's amazing I love this
city question of the day what is your
favorite building in London I love the
chard I love them all it's a really good
night having a good time so here's one
little thing going on they've got
different segments and this is the first
one we've come across so we'll see how
it goes the Sun is kind of setting and
it's great in this very beautiful lights
bus this and it's just so nice isn't it
we still get this just incredible view I
can't get over the view that he is so
nice
so I think I'm gonna get seats down
there's a tons of study about 20 minutes
it seems to be starting soon lots of
people in the chairs ready to go tons of
people in the audience surely this is
like 45 minutes long so it should be
really really good
I think is now over and lovely wasn't it
very enjoyable I think you like
- not everybody's leave it at leak
I think we're now headed home
I think there's a couple more than the
last words of the Fourth Ward
you want a multi-storey
thank you to sacrimoni we just got home
it is 11:00 at night and we're pretty
beat we've had quite a long busy day
today and the evening was amazing I'm so
happy we got to go to that it was a
really cool unique experience so I want
to go to the next one as well well link
to all of that information down below if
you live in London you can check it out
anything else you want to say just a big
thanks to Monty for arranging thank you
yes you might swim or some even there
was also that it was also that men she
sweet-talk the personnel plan
essentially
thanks is pretty cool so yeah and we'll
see you guys next time goodbye it's
still raining and thundering sometimes I
don't like it but do I'll see you guys
next time
yeah see you right okay don't wait now
why are you still on here please leave
me alone I'm trying to sleep please
great no I didn't I said three nights
try lady you're not getting one over on
me today I stood my ground and lonely
Holtz you came to town squares I'm quite
impressive myself
