good morning everybody long time no see
it is Sunday morning and it is 8:30
morning and we've been up since 7:00
a.m. I'm exhausted we went out for
dinner last night with Amelia and her
boyfriend and well it was a late night
for me we got home at 11:30 but we
didn't actually get to bed until a
little bit later anyway why are we awake
well let me tell you actually wait my
teeth done only made my deepers okay the
tea is steeping and G is snoot --n hey
buddy how's it going the past few days
in London have been so hot I mean 30
degrees or whatever it is I don't even
think it's been 30 it's probably like 26
or 27 degrees it doesn't set hot too a
lot of people I know it doesn't but it's
really hot for London and for some
reason it just feels a lot hotter I mean
in Canada it gets really hot in the
summertime like over 30 sometimes so I
thought I was used to the heat but my oh
my oh my and Reggie can barely stand
himself we've been like putting water on
him and stuff and like trying to cool
him down making sure he has water stuff
like that he's just chilling right
behind me leaning lean back lean back
anyway back to my point why are we awake
okay so basically we are going to be
doing a car boot sale which is basically
kind of like an organized garage sale
except it's not out of your garage it's
out of the back of your car if you
remember like last year there was a
period where azan and I would go to
markets and carpet sales pretty much
every weekend and we've accumulated a
lot of stuff and it's not just stuff
that we can just like throw away like we
want to like sell it some of it is like
nice stuff we just either don't want it
or have no place to put it and another
thing is all of the proceeds we've
decided as I've made a little side which
i think is so cute all the proceeds are
going to go to the retired Greyhound
trust so that is what's on the agenda
for today putting my hair up in a bun
was always going to happen wasn't it it
is so humid oh yeah you know when your
hair's humid and you just like nobody
got time for that you know
you don't know that feeling of having it
he's so frizzy and look anyway I thought
I would do a quick outfit of the day but
let's be honest we'll know where my
entire outfits from Topshop so here is
what I'm wearing I feel like I've worn
this outfit before I probably have a
Topshop kimono Topshop tank top shop
shorts I am obsessed with Topshop I
think everybody knows that I don't
actually have my sandals on but I'm
gonna wear these ones over here they're
from office makeup today keeping it
relatively simple with the Bourjois
healthy mix serum foundation which I'm
almost done and the door rosy glow lip
stuff maybelline color tattoo in bad to
the bronze and my blush is oh the
hourglass ambient lighting blush in
diffuse heat or whatever it's called
diffused heat I think oh my necklace
this was actually a gift from Aslan you
just got this for me recently for no
reason you just got it for me
a little close-up on my chest here like
frames my freckle perfectly yeah whoa oh
there yeah yeah it frames my freckle
perfectly which is really funny I
definitely I didn't even know how to
freckle there until someone said it um
anyway this necklace is from a place
called political it's an Etsy store who
Lincoln put oh yeah it's an etsy place
and I love it so much I think it's so
pretty it's kind of like a hammered gold
thing so Aslan has this car completely
packed like perfectly bagged I go to sit
down and I'm like oh well looks like I'm
not coming along for the ride now I'm
apparently this is gonna go in my lap I
don't know this is my view right now
we're just waiting to go in I don't know
there's some sort of a holdup not sure
what's going on but people are already
queueing to get inside to get their
hands on some of this sweet sweet stuff
here we go I'm loading yeah nice
I'm pretty sure I'm just gonna stand
here and watch ah so everything's us
just delegate okay as long as doing
something very bad right now he's
switching switching our name so that we
don't have this shitty table and that we
have this one and said it was slightly
less shitty so basically like we booked
this table online they're not tables
they're like ping pong tables Tuesday
but we booked a spot online how much did
we pay for this bus
including charter include sixteen pounds
of sixteen pounds okay and apparently
this is like the prime location and then
Aslan comes down here and comes back up
to me I'm not making sense but Aslan
says we have a hilariously shitty spot I
was I guess of that one in the corner
he's what yeah it is as I should have
known doodoo
Oh mister muscles coming through we have
now got all the items at our table want
to go rock climbing in rock climbing
wall yeah we charge antennae ago yeah if
you are like an OG old-school se button
vlogs viewer you will probably recognize
a lot of this stuff like tons of this
like do you remember I actually got
these cups here at this car boot sale I
remember just over there yeah and just
like tons of stuff that we once loved
and we're gonna move on from it you know
for the Greyhounds sake we're already
having an issue because this suitcase
here I was like are you for sure selling
this I'm like I don't remember saying
that I want to sell that is in the sell
filings oh this suitcase I got this like
five years ago and I brought it on like
our American road trip West Point well
it's very neat I remember I paid $20 for
it
at a thrift store I don't know if I can
part with that I have serious attachment
to that suitcase I think of it maybe if
you get like 40 quid first I won't and I
don't even I don't even want to sell it
for that okay that's off I don't want I
don't want to sell that of this game
okay fine keep it there but oh my god
price a high like oh wait a minute I
didn't know we were giving these away
yeah this is insane look at this is one
of my favorite bowls guys this is maybe
this might not work out oh my god oh my
god this mirror - you're gonna go down
oddly enough I got these cups here - at
this exact car boot sale I love them
didn't use them never use them full
cycle so what else we have here this is
a color for Reggie but he doesn't like
it she's a genuine vintage expert you're
selling that yeah why we checked that
across India and we brought it all the
way home what's wrong with you put that
back in the box
everything has a price no I don't want
to sell that this is actually kind of
pissing me off
look at this something else from India
that as I'm selling
why are you doing this I don't know this
is such a nice it's this is insane
where's my bag I'm such a hoarder but
that son time keeping that it's wrong
with him look at this
geez haven't seen one of those in years
well what's that oh geez put all the
electronics in one area there oh my gosh
I haven't seen this bag in ages
when I met Aslan this was his bag that
used to carry around all the time when
he was in uni and he always like had his
books in it and stuff and I remember
when he like would come on skype like he
would come on skype immediately when he
got back to his flat after school when I
still live in Canada and I always
remember thinking like how cool he was
with his bag the bag itself was from
India oh my God he's getting rid of this
hey I didn't know I was ordered I didn't
know I'm turning into my grandma but
look at this bag how nice that is
can I keep this seeing the real
I don't remember wearing this at school
oh my gosh it smells like you like it
this is not some career it actually
doesn't smell like him it smells like
leather but it reminds me of him oh my
gosh it is like kind of tattered and
stuff on the inside but oh god this is
breaking my heart
here's another duffel bag as well this
is from India - look at this lady Dylan
first sale of the day what is there's a
pan from here so they're two pounds it
was a just like a cheapo t-fal pan was
like five years old - that's right not
bad guys the people are here and things
are getting crane we've already made so
many sales I couldn't even have long
about it and we've smelled like tons of
things someone inquired about the
suitcase I said 20 pounds thank God she
walked away because I was making my bed
he perfect but I think I am
crayons I'll do it but as one's making a
little sale over there he's selling his
fans quite low prices I gotta say
sometimes I'm thinking you could just
like bump that up again but we are in a
car big sale I mean you can't just like
sell things how you would normally sell
them but yeah Charlie gonna get me yeah
we're trying to get people to do don't
worry if you ever like beans car boot
sales these days like you never find
anything good yeah I want to be the guy
like planet somebody's like oh my god
like you know and honestly at the end of
the day we don't want to be going home
with any of this stuff so yeah I mean
we're not giving it away
but yeah it's day we don't give it we
got somebody wants my camera today maybe
not things like no no photos so I'm
keeping this guy from India because
somebody else convinced them yeah like
why would you sell this I know I'm like
yeah why are we selling this for not or
take you know but somebody tried to buy
my bag and I was like not for sale but
we have made some good progress here we
sold all of these jars and we sold lots
of stuff missing a couple of the bags
and some pots and pans and stuff so I
think we're good so far just had my
first moment of having to stand my
ground so so I was selling this mirror
honestly I should get about 10 pounds
for it it's like a vintage 1940s mirror
but fine I'll sell it for three pounds
so Jesus how much is it I say three she
said will you take two I said no it's
three because it's early in the day I
know I can get three pounds for the
thing since you said fine I'll take it
then she wanted a round of it and she
came back and I she gave me ten and I
wanted to give her changed I said okay I
owe you 7 right she's like no you owe me
eight and then I was like wait no I
don't know any I owe you through I owe
you 7 because it was three pounds she's
like no you said - I was like no I
didn't I said three nice try lady can I
get one over on me today I stood my
ground and lo and behold she paid two
pounds for it so I'm quite impressive
myself that's all I have to say so there
she is badass se B so you listen cotton
punks
don't mess with me she knows she's gonna
stand again I stays going off to get
some breakfast / snackage but the actual
place is filling up pretty well it's
like there's lots of sellers and there's
a constant a concentrate of people so
I'm feeling comfortable we should be
able to so much this stuff here so just
sitting here trying to have a little
sandwich moment and then I run into
Debra who came here but you say your
name of your accent that would oh my
gosh beautiful she's from Italy which is
really cool but are you just here
visiting no I'm here for the month
we are selling oh you mean her oh yeah
we are just here for a couple of more
months yeah so we're doing some Oh
awesome yeah car boot sales are really
fun I would highly recommend checking
out of every sale okay so I just met
possibly my favorite person on Twitter
because she's always tweeting me this is
mi over to you but how I love it I
always read through it I always try to
favorite the replies no but you're
Australian yeah I'm assuming anyway yes
yeah I promised here visiting until
Wednesday yeah cuz you tweeted me saying
that you're looking for something to do
is oh yeah yeah is we going shopping
we're going
Oxford Street oh cool yeah we on are you
great London those yes yeah lava ducts
I'm also an Austrian back here I like
also it's still yeah it's so cool so
another stock update we're now
officially may be running low we one
could say yeah we're doing well we're
doing well the the kitty is healthy
there's lots more people coming in
through the doors
there's the main passage up they're
super busy so yeah it's going well it's
going well so I just thought I'd give
you a general overview of what this car
boot sale looks like this is called
capital car boot sale and it's in
Pimlico we've been here before you may
have recognized this before but anyway
here's a general overview you can see
there's lots of vendors so that I could
show you what it looked like and then we
are over in this section here Aslan's
being bombarded as we speak so I better
get over there and help them so we're
just sitting in the chair and we sold
one of our clocks to this lovely lady
here what's her name I didn't even ask
yet Jasmine and then these are her
friends and she was like oh I just
didn't want to mention it but I love
your videos on that girl you should
mention that
that's really good have you been
enjoying your car boot sale experience
never been here before yeah yeah we've
been here a couple of times like old old
vlogs but yeah it's pretty cool
I was just sitting in the chair and
there's a really nice guy came up and
said this is for your cause and it's for
the Greyhounds just gave us one pound
for the Greyhounds let me know nice that
I just like it it's just like a really
nice thing everybody loves it greyhounds
every time someone like looks at
nighttime as well as something to say
that like he'll be like oh that's a
western part from the 1960s so funny
I don't know if our vlog that's already
but so many questions about all the
chairs that we're sitting in there from
Ikea I don't know if we said that before
but they are really comfortable just to
get a visual yeah yeah yeah there it is
I feel simple my design here 20 people
ask yeah I know everybody wants to share
so you know they're really good quality
okay man is this thing so we just made
another sale of some cups and what's
your name anymore I'm Regan Regan and we
were just talking I said how did you
even know where we are but she stopped
us all the way over here which is fine
totally good have you bought anything
else today oh yeah we got a little fun
yeah okay I said I don't know if I can
pan in on that yeah that's really cool
yeah it's a nice day for cardboard so
Oreo she doesn't make videos but I said
get on it yeah and you're like just
thinking about this space yeah time is
quarter past 1:00 we have 45 minutes of
trading time left stock update we are
pretty low pretty low not too bad so a
few few big ticket items up there that
row you know that could be it'd be good
if we sell add Plus this table this
table is heavy as hell I don't want to
be bringing this back absolutely not
just pretty much two o'clock now a
little tired I think is coming to end
the crowds definite guy down is
everybody coming down so this is what we
got left over Este wants to keep the
suitcase but I'm gonna try and
it was a longer trying wheel deal
something here maybe maybe one of the
other like store photos once all the
stunts the cheap
see what maybe something happened as you
can see we've packed everything up as
one tired man right now just actually
give most this stuff away yeah which was
really good which was really good but
then one more viewer today before we
leave what I forgot your name already
engine anagen yeah and she's from Norway
which is really cool can I do an outfit
of the day with you you worry okay not
to put you on the spot here but I saw
you out it's amazing where is this from
this is gorgeous
yesterday is where's the problem job oh
I love it and then just some shorts look
gorge
yes Topshop also amazing such a nice
outfit and your sunglasses - yeah love
them sir just chatting about Norway and
stuff and she was saying that she was
trying to find the car boot sale for a
while now which is really cool so I'm
really glad you came yeah I'm really
happy so we just got home and it's time
to do the tally oh now we went into this
thing we were gonna make like oh I
thought like hundred pounds do you think
yeah oh maybe a bit more about fifty but
ladies and gents look at this
whoa make it rain oh actually I don't
like to do that I'm not rapper enough to
qualify raining ok so let's count to
pound 50 so 12 pound 50 here yeah bend
out of mine how about 50 bucks 20 40 60
80 100 Wow
20 40 60 80 200 Wow 20 40 60 80 three
hundo
10 20 and so Alex you're under the 32
pounds wow that's insane that's pretty
good Reggie that's 300 and what is it 32
pounds 50 pence for your friends that is
so good
and so many people just like gave us 50
P or a pound just for the Greyhounds I
am so happy about that and I
really have about that too so we're
going to I think we can donate online
source yeah yeah and we will also leave
a link in the description box and if you
guys want to donate with us then you're
more than welcome to they're an amazing
cause 8000 greyhounds retire from racing
every year and they use to make sure all
8,000 are rehome I think there are about
6500 so we love greyhounds and we're so
happy to help out greyhounds we are
starving
yeah like seriously hungry and hot so we
need to eat definitely I really need to
wash my face like I feel so greasy right
now my skin is slightly um hormonal at
the moment and I need to wash my face I
don't even care what it looks like it's
getting we're getting naked face up and
year again and washed yeah get it washed
and throw the entire race today I'm
having no makeup day so enjoy that
people blue yo yo yo yo check it one two
we in the kitchen I'm take the makeup
off in the kitchen no I'm not going to
the bathroom okay that's enough this
embarrassing fee
guys wait JC my pajamas so I got chain I
took off all my makeup and I'm now in my
loungewear because it's so hot our home
just like holds heat like nothing else
you can see my face is like so red I'm
just like I'm like Reggie anyway these
pajamas are from Topshop and I frickin
love them they're like a two-piece whoa
whoa they're like a two-piece sets of
their shorts and at all and they're just
nice loose comfortable kind of on the
chic side but not really at all and they
don't what I'm doing right now but those
are my pajamas wouldn't get you one
right so oh please just trip down my bag
no problem happens like you are grey I
am hungry so this is what I'm going to
be making people I'm going to be making
a Caesar salad so I can take a look into
our fridge
we have leaves that need to be eaten
it's going to be some bacon some chicken
and some avocado and cheese and let's do
this thing so we've got the salad in the
bowl I'm just making the dressing I
don't have Caesar salad dressing so
we're just using this garlic mayonnaise
some more garlic to add and I put a
little bit of
juice in there as well and then we're
gonna have some chicken in there and
then I'm cooking these bacon pieces it
looks like a lot which is actually kind
of small pan but it looks like one bacon
no look at this lunch prepared by my
special lady
you made some salad you got some chicken
and bacon nice yeah I'm adding the meat
separately don't ask why just wrap
that's how it's done ladies and
gentlemen that is how it's done and
we're watching Criminal Minds whoo
Reggie's way yeah Criminal Minds it's
okay you know I'm more of a CSI kind of
man but you know Kara is fine terrain
also Osman got me these beautiful
flowers the other day if you're under
when all this crap is don't ask no it's
tough I have to return and this coat
show tell the coat story there is this
coat from surprise Perez Topshop and
I've seen it on a couple of big fashion
blogs and I was like I need that coat
and I'm gonna I'm not gonna go on as a
human until I get that coat I couldn't
find it anywhere and I just happened to
be on the top shop website as you do and
they had the coat and it was only in one
size was in a size 10 and I bought it
and I was like sweet this is gonna be
perfect fit and it just completely
drowns me but they're completely sold
out now so I'm thinking I'm gonna keep
the coat and get it altered because I
adore it doing all this while I try it
on keep in mind I am wearing my pajamas
but just so you can see they don't have
this anymore I'm really through it but I
think it's called the bonded trench coat
I mean at the moment she looks kind of
Inspector Gadget because it's so boxy on
yes it's too big
definitely too big likey when you do it
off there's like way too much room oh
wow
do it up properly all the way up you
look like a flasher yeah cuz you know
like it's just too big I need to get the
shoulders and stuff take it in in a bit
I think I need a tailor could do it but
I was so happy to go ahead I was so sad
the colors very nice Oh gorgeous
me and Reggie going for a walk and all
of a sudden instead of just pacing it
down
it's raining so much yeah it's like I'm
running now but it's kind of nice you
know in the summer when it's really hot
and it rains you have that really nice
smell right now there's that smell that
kind of that summer rain smell
I love that probably one of my favorite
things about some whatever summery rainy
as well Reggie likes it too I think this
is good for him it's cooling him down
you know because he gets very hot during
the summer it is laundry time again Oh
things are getting wild on a Sunday
night I feel like in every vlog I'm
organizing my makeup room but I'm
organizing it all the time now I'm just
so much organizing but moving stuff
around a lot so tonight is again my
night to organize but basically I wanted
to a makeup collection video I think I
said that like months ago but I actually
do want to do one really soon so I'm
trying to organize my makeup a little
bit more and that's what I'm doing
tonight and now that we've done the car
boot sale I feel like I want to purge
some more just having a little sundae
organization session clean brushes
whoo-hoo I know you're supposed to let
them dry like this but ain't nobody got
time for that
moving on to jewelry people this is
getting insane I am watching dr. Phil I
am having the time of my life
ladies you might know what this is like
but I feel very I feel very calm I feel
so oddly happy right now that I'm
organizing my jewelry and watching dr.
Phil I can't explain it I just feel
great I have done a blog post on how I
store my jewelry this little case is
from Muji I will link to that down below
if you care anyway what are you doing
heating up some soup sad times Hey soup
is such a sad meal but it's so good I
have soup alone in the kitchen anyway I
think we're gonna wrap up today's vlog
it has been an eventful day for us not
really
kind of well lots of organizing it was
enjoyable and I mean if you ever do you
want to get rid of your stuff I'd reckon
recommend your
absolutely I rent for me a recommended
the cob we sell specifically the capital
Kabu that it was like in terms of
setting up everything was pretty
stressed for you wasn't that one that's
not yeah lots of people good crowd
thanks to everybody who came and I've
nothing else to say I'm going to finish
doing the laundry possibly make myself a
snack and I will see you in the next
vlog so will Evan bye so see you guys
I'm a little bit depressed right now
because it's so hot and I don't like it
one bit
yeah it's been lightning and thundering
Reggie just does not like it well he
thinks he smells a treat but it's
actually just his own fur bye guys
Thursday's gone her I'm just reading
describing this yeah life of a vlogger
