pointing everybody it is Sunday and I
literally just woke up like three
minutes ago so this is like myself in my
roast for fun I'm here with Reggie as
always he's like come on can we go for a
walk now please so I'm going to take him
for a little walk I think Aslan and I
will doom to the park later because we
didn't have time to take him yesterday
on Saturday so today is Park Day for
this boy Oh reg this is not the time to
be fashionable I know but I just want to
show you this coat I did Instagram a
picture of me wearing it and I
absolutely loved it and so many people
are like where's your coat from it's
from Topshop so I'll link it down below
it's a really thin coat that's just
perfect for like when it's not too hot
but it's not too cold and you just want
a little something and yeah I'm really
enjoying it this is the pattern up close
if you're interested there we go
and yeah that's my coat that's my blurry
blurry coat you ready come on come on
Reggie
there we go thank you let's roll Reggie
is free however he has just seen a
squirrel so now he's going to pee on the
tree just to be like yeah I saw you
squirrel I saw you yes nobody's in here
nice Sunday morning
we'll see what Reggie will get up to
with his freedom this is pretty much
what Reggie does he doesn't go anywhere
he likes being on the leash I don't know
if it's the way that he was trained or
what but he likes to be beside me like
if I walk he'll walk with me see but if
I just stop
he'll probably stop nope no never mind
does it fail Ritchie come here good boy
okay put your leash back on come on
we're gonna go to a different Park now
come on okay ready just had his
breakfast and now I think su B needs
some tea so better fill this baby up and
get this thing done before I just can't
function at all I think I might put it
in my teapot today I think Aslan's
waking up so we can share a pot of tea
I used to loose leaf stuff see if I can
do this one-handed hello guys I'm so
excited about this hi hi hi hi hi
good morning everybody how are you this
fine morning
oh thank you for asking I'm fine
actually I have some breakfast iced teas
coming eggs and toast over here haven't
you
no that's actually mine I could see step
off yeah I could feel over that's my
bike over here is my breakfast
input a toast some of these blackberries
and mighty some water
and I don't know what's going on with
this basil plant but it's dying so I
watered it is that
yeah and totally to someone innocent
yeah that's why I brought into the
sunshine talk today yeah Oh some sugar
that's what this is I realized that I
was just sharing this much and people
probably like what is that
but it's sugar and they just like y'all
take some peanut butter please I think
Reggie's favorite food by fires peanut
butter I think that's probably goes it
for all dogs but when I write you ever
gets like I just gave him a tiny bit of
peanut butter he goes crazy for probably
like at least another half an hour just
sniffing everything here in taking this
yeah
could this be the might be about a dream
is it he didn't really look like peanut
butter um he would never bite it that if
you had a few but normally you never let
lingers around the table that we
specifically made sure he does it but
with peanut butter I just mine so cute I
can't help it ladies and gentlemen it is
experimentation time I was recently
tempted by deal extremes
very good deal on their pineapple cores
I believe this was $1 53 it's free
shipping from Hong Kong and I was like
why not and so basically the way it
works is it my sister the pineapple this
kind of goes through the coach and
extracts it so just give this a good
first time so they just cut off the top
this is one I prepared earlier
and go down the middle Keys together
right that's quite cool looks like an
auger yeah
are you shocked that I know that word oh
good kitty nice it's a measure for the
awesome all good I know it because ice
fishing it's a thing in Canada ha ha ha
jitties and all guys believe me wow
that's pretty cool but wow it actually
works so well look at this that's kind
of a beautiful thing
Wow you could fill this up with some
fresh fruit and use it as a fruit sound
Pat you ever watching feverish couples
oh my gosh that's amazing you should
tweet that
alright how I been with this clarity
that's so cool
oh my god that's awesome this is ok mmm
pineapple juice put your drink in there
you want me to ask you yeah canister ha
good some peanut bottom toast and then
you just pop the fruit on top and the
Kristy of the peanut butter just kind of
means that it stays there Oh amazing
so normally he doesn't with blueberries
yeah and the blue rays is really good
when bloomer is the right kind of
combination of sweetness cuz I blue eyes
out too sweet you know that's you're
saying from of your blackberry
blackberry I'm not annoying I learn
rapper uh don't make this mistake
don't do this that's disgusting Tom
that's a boy with blue back to home
distance first doesn't do this I'm not
worried about ya weird combinations try
to the bucket I just want to say both me
and say build fires where this morning
you're cracking up right
oh my god there's one it's me we're
leaving yeah peanut butter treat station
I'd like to give just being about a
plane to Reggie because he like monster
down into second so if you cover a treat
with it
this is Aslan's idea by the way I've
never done this much doing both sides
get it a lot of ups and cranny that's
what makes it
Wow last one you know it's just like I
like a piece of duck breast okay
nice okay okay here we go ready and then
give it to the little girl make youtube
live a little that's nice I'm just about
to do my makeup at my desk and I've got
a little bit of a mess going on here
yeah uh that's what happens when you are
a blogger you have lots of makeup back
at all times but look forward to some
posts coming your way on se button calm
I just finished getting ready I'm way
with the hair up today because it's a
really muggy day you know like that
feeling where it's like humid but rainy
but hot but cold so I have to quickly
upload a video um I have a video going
up that was filmed in California from
VidCon I know it's a little bit late but
um it's one with Nikki Phillippi who I
adore so I have to upload that quickly
before I leave and make sure everything
is going well I think that's going up in
the evening though so yeah I don't know
why I'm telling you this but yeah and
then we're gonna take register Park hey
mister what are you doing he's so cute
god I'm a crazy dog person I just love
him
upload almost done 93% Schwing so there
we are they are hunting around cinema
park stays looking suave in a dressing
gown
yeah and so a really cute little french
bulldog and did you get it like a really
good selfie with Reggie then yeah
so I am blogging today
yes I'm vlogging but I'm also vlogging I
thought I would do like a little like
day in the life blog post I used to do
them all the time
hey man but I just don't do the cuz I
vlog now it's like vlog but written boom
yeah imagine so I brought my camera
along so I talked about with camera I
use everybody always wonders
it's the olympus om-d is that right that
is the older build one the original yeah
this is my favorite camera to vlog with
I mean blog with and what's the lens on
this hose a Panasonic 25 1.4 yeah love
this camera love the lens love
everything about it takes beautiful
pictures I have no idea what I'm doing
and they look good I think uh yeah and
should I do an outfit of the day
yeah if you'd like a really simple
it all looks black so okay just turn
around give him good good one okay guys
be really simple up in today hair in the
bun these are white DITA thank defeat
glasses from Claire but she gave me this
is like a black kimono thing from top
shelf with a black tank top my Topshop
Jamie ripped jeans that I wear like
every day I actually have two pair of
these because I love them so much and I
just wear them every day and my
Birkenstocks cool classic books yeah I
think this is quite a scandi look today
I like it is it Wyatt it's get it it
gets a scandi stamp of approval there
you go good jeans aren't skinny are they
no probably not I gotta put a little bit
of my badassery in there yeah
oh my god Reggie oh my god Reggie oh my
god god this is what happens like I try
to get ready to run it's like quick new
impossible like any other dog right if
you were to for example maybe pet him be
like Richie
come on Roger then if you just run like
easy he's not following me and he never
does
he kind of does but it's in a very lame
fashion but he doesn't chase after me I
don't know what to do come on Reggie
come on go on bunny gone go on gorgey
good while we're walking Reggie I
decided I let you in on some exciting
information so remember last week when
we went to look at the car well I
thought about it
thought long and hard about it and I
decided it was the car for me we are
actually going to pick it up today at 4
o'clock the guy is specifically coming
in to like handover the keys and stuff
it was actually really funny Aslan did
some master negotiating didn't you I you
know I went in hard and fast and I I
squeezed a lot and and we think of it a
great first I was like oh they're not
gonna budge on this price but Aslan
managed to get a sweet deal and I'm
really happy with the car so yeah I'm
going to pick it up today we're gonna
finish walking Reggie the park and then
I think we're heading to Regent Street
because there's some sort of a food
festival going on I hear and I'm very
excited about that I know they have
macaroni and cheese and that is
something I'm very interested in so
we're here on Oxford Street but we are
heading to Regent Street right we are
indeed yeah so I am really interested in
this food festival that's going on here
oh man so busy so busy on Sunday and
yeah this is my view right now all these
people around and we're gonna head and
get some food we don't have much time
we've got like 20 minutes or something
oh yeah something like that yeah so
that's we're doing sorry I'm just really
distracted by this sign because it's got
love hearts on it I never you can see
that I think they're called love hearts
sweet hearts love hearts but they're my
favourite sweets and I just got slightly
distracted there so I will let you know
when I have some food in my hands oh
here's a beautiful London bus I am just
obsessed with this city but look at
here's a black cab I mean look at this
play the London port right here I love
it I mean I've always liked London but
recently
I'm Jessica says hi you're a great guy
oh my god my lighters I'm actually did
go this morning good yeah and I was like
I'm hoping I just got to London today
alright and I was like I really hope I
make it a Jessie's ball yeah right with
my best friend hi Rena my mistake as our
next letter
oh this okay so here we have beautiful
Liberty I don't know if you can hear me
because this wind I'm trying to block
the wind that's not working but does not
work beautiful Liberty on the left hand
side here they've always got the most
gorgeous flowers and then here is Regent
Street and this looks like the food
festival I don't actually know what this
is but we're going yeah they're closing
off the streets just pedestrians just
good at des fous so yeah Kagura we've
got some dancing going on here see I
can't this is my view people this is
what I see when I walk around this
we're gonna head down Hank is gonna head
down inch possible solutions so we're in
the thick of things now in the thick of
it and one thing I have noticed is that
once you guys a couple of these like
food fairs I you notice a lot of the
same names coming up over and over again
so we're going to try and fool others
like what if you neighs place the
Werribee to a neat nap so as we try and
find something that's you the exciting
there's lots more just down this way
we'll try I think this is what they
probably call pop-up seating you get it
give a little enjoy thank you thank you
boys are happy I'm happy because I found
the macaroni cheese okay
there it is it's called the anime's mac
and cheese anime anime anime anime but
yes oh it look it's an actual like
proper like American like it's a Chevy
van wow that's pretty cool
who would've thought about that huh Oh
Chevy GMC I'll do the same thing isn't
Jim soon bye Chevy either you guys tell
me humor okay so we discovered something
that really pisses me off and is enough
every single person at this place this
is ridiculous so instead of using the
good old British sterling pound like
everywhere else in the UK not today on
Regent Street today you pay in beans and
this is a bean counter so you have to
buy five beans or six pounds and things
like you paid things and beans and this
one thing is six and a half beans it's
essentially like I have to like forgive
by Macy's make you spend more money they
actually need to and in fact because
that might actually work okay
on behalf so here it is
bean values I beans that mean so whoever
set this up you're doing it wrong you're
gonna get look at this they give you a
bean card and I will make these stupid
plastic I would say I just think it's so
wasteful
I don't know I love food I love London
but this is cray it's crazy
anyway I'm not getting to there you go
back in animes you've got the you got
the menu I stay straight for the kanye
west and hahaha
good punch good punch so ya got mac and
cheese so I stays got her reading it's
grabbing this young life of lager
she's been like 25 minutes taking
photographs you can actually eat your
food okay okay that's sound okay okay
ready yep macaroni and cheese the idea
is for time
the good so two square mac and cheese
fried onions and hot dog and a barbecue
sauce gee-ya lots of rice so just to
explain to you guys why I think this is
why they're doing this is that things
like beans and the average cost of meals
like six or six-and-a-half be like you
know maybe five beans and you can only
buy the dominant denominations being
that you can buy are as follows so it's
5 min 10 min 15 min 20 B you can't buy
like a single PDF file on earth so by
making things like most people like
making things six-and-a-half like it
makes like a half a bean end up having
to buy like an extra five pounds or
other things and also for something that
you need maybe like one bean for so they
just this make it funny now so I only
have three and a half beans left after
the mac and cheese and I thought oh I'm
not able to get anything but this cool
dude in this tower restaurant accepted
me I was a sweet it's chicken Bastila
thing which looks delicious so I'm just
eating my macaroni and cheese and I run
into Gabi and we're just complaining
about the bean system it's such a stupid
system totally complaining about us yeah
yeah but Gabi you were just saying that
there should be Nora like tons of queues
but there's not yeah oh God it'sa beans
the beans first going past the Nordic
bakery and I don't know well actually
once an unbuttoned one Apple thinking
sorted
no stupid beans in there that's for sure
so we're just walking along and Aslan
starts screaming it was the fresh batch
it was the fresh cut right this is like
so warm they had a Nordic hickory
cinnamon roll before but I hear they're
amazing I mean I've never had one but
today's the day I finally get to try one
oh yeah look at that take the bite
oh let me try
Oh crunching the outside stuff is really
cinnamon okay Wow here we are
aha I'm in the car okay so I'm gonna be
driving up ahead showing I say the route
but she's gonna sign up as well so
hopefully she's gonna be okay yeah this
should be good
el solo I won't because whilst I'm
driving obviously yeah yeah so here we
go hey buddy
so we just got home and I will doesn't
lie we didn't just get home we just got
home and he fed Reggie and as I walked
Reggie and a few other things have
happened and now for you're going to
have dinner it was actually a salon
sister's birthday a few days ago so we
have her gift right here exciting stuff
there and I think where to go now and I
think I'm gonna drive the car right
mm-hmm
first love second Drive well first with
Alan anyway I want to show off my skills
so yeah we're gonna drive it hopefully I
can find a place to park but it is
Sunday so it's free parking so that's
good so here we are
stays dry here yeah it's like that since
I can but yeah she's doing well I'm very
impressed
nice nicely done a seat button yeah so
yeah it's cuz I know people ask this is
a used audi a3 petrol so far so good
automatic is special and for the record
um I took my test in manual so okay so
you want to take a one lane to the right
hand okay
I can't okay the way not freak out here
it's fine you've got time
there you go Parfum in yeah you're in
nice nice okay that I know that well
look at this like an actual sunset do a
little sunset in London oh god it feels
so crazy to drive a car in London yeah
it feels amazing I feel like I really
accomplished something nice you have and
you drove all the way back from the
place your way home house like an hour
drive yes this is pretty impressive yeah
nice nice work Thanks found it yeah
arguably a favorite hiding place
raluchi classic yeah yeah I'm thinking
of going for the chef's special menu
burning I have a new chef specially
every week just kind of nice
so maybe the seafood risotto coming out
NEC fitted well so I was really excited
that I drove here because now he can get
crunk on his cocktail it was like a
lady's dream come on I thought you were
ordering like a big beer or something
and I was going
like what's great like an orange vodka
wow it looks like you drunk already with
this hair falling off there we go yet
your drop good run
- sits in so I'm very pleased like I can
actually drink any like river drive
anywhere
and I got the peach juice yeah okay here
is our little appetizers chart afforded
the vegetarian platter which looks
divine darling divine eyes of 30 dig in
we're missing out the food will finalize
yeah are you really sad
it's nil-nil halftime that's what Turner
tells me I made the first mistake of not
reporting it so I'm shall be a replay on
yeah definitely
what time does it end I'm guessing the
second or just stuff so we won't be home
won't be home Oh God oh yeah that's how
it's done are you excited
very much and here's my carbonara case
we just had dinner it was really good
and now we're heading to Athens mom's
house because gonna hang out with his
sister and stuff and have some tea but I
think I'm going to wrap it up here so we
will see you it's like 9 o'clock on a
Sunday is crazy we will see you in the
next vlog bye this is the look I'm going
with today very basic boring standard
este style I am wearing my sunglasses
that Clare gave me dovey
Dita magnifique sunglasses which are
awesome
