hey Reggie it's been a while since
you've been on the vlog how's it going
oh pretty good it's going pretty good
yep okay sorry my Reggie boyce is not up
to snuff right now but as you can see he
is off the leash because we're in this
park here and I've been kind of trying
to train him and so as Aslan to just
stay by our side and it's working really
well he seems to really enjoy it and he
never goes too far so it's good times
for Reggie on the other hand my outfit
what exactly is going on right now like
I don't even know it's like a winter
coat at pajama sweater pajama t-shirt
leggings and Birkenstocks hot hot you
don't even want to see my face right now
it's kind of windy outside it almost
feels like September but it is in fact
July and Reggie's like I don't even know
what he's doing he's yawning and walking
standard standard yeah it was really
weird weather like yesterday it was
pretty hot now it's kind of cool but
it's okay it's alright everything's
gonna be okay Reggie trust me
Tiz breakfast time I'm having some
raspberries these are the only ones I
have left we are all out of whole-grain
and bread and I'm so sad because I don't
actually like white bread anymore which
is weird because I used to and I'm
having this peanut butter nature's
energy smooth peanut butter and look
check this out look how much we've eaten
we got this like last week is insane
mainly me it's mainly been me and my tea
is the licorice and peppermint tea by
tea pigs and some water laundry time
exciting stuff woo I did some filming in
here yesterday and as you can see the
mess is still around so I might try to
clean this up right now and here's the
aftermath of filming I really need to
clean this up it drives me nuts when
this room is messy and it's so hard to
keep it clean but that is life but yeah
I need to organize this today oh by the
way this is the greyhound for July so
cute I cannot believe what day is it
even today wait today's Tuesday
Wednesday is it the 9th yeah I think so
crazy month is almost half over and this
little guys keep me company okay I'm
being weird just finished doing my
makeup hello we meet officially I am
just taking some quick photos for my
blog because I've got a whole video
going up
on my main channel it might actually be
up by the time this vlog is up and I'm
just photographing a little sneak
preview of the things that I hold this
weather is boggling my mind so this
morning I said that it was freezing and
now it's boiling I'm like sitting in the
living room just typing up some blog
posts and it is so hot Reggie's down
here like yeah I'll take a petting I
like to be pet uh yeah so it's really
hot as I look at the sunshine beaming in
it's like a greenhouse in here so I
might have to change I thought it was
like dressing for autumn here but
apparently not I know I just had
breakfast but I'm kind of interested in
a little snack so I'm going to see
what's on offer even though we have like
no food and we need to go to the grocery
store today I'm gonna see what I can
find
hell yes this is so happening right now
I forgot that we had this I got it at
Whole Foods I don't know if it's still
good it should be fine it should be fine
so I'm gonna cut this up and eat it yeah
boom love it sometimes there's nothing
better than watermelon I only cut up one
half of the half because you know I
can't eat all this I probably won't be
able to eat all that but I'm going to
try because watermelon is good and it's
tasty Azlan always tells me about the
watermelon from Kazakhstan he says that
they're like the best juiciest sweetest
watermelons so I don't know I've never
really had like an amazing watermelon
they're always like good they're always
amazing what about is amazing but I want
to have that sweet juicy watermelon one
day what's the best part of the world
for watermelons let me know because I'm
gonna be booking a plane ticket Reggie's
like yeah I could be potentially
interested in the watermelon nope
there's a squirrel hey yeah you do wow
you haven't blogged in a while and
you're turning cray
ah hi turning to Joey Tribbiani Oh long
withdrawal I mean I need the focus to be
on me I need the camera missing I bet
you have so what are you doing home
you've got the afternoon off yeah um big
class today ladies and gentlemen weights
my plans have you not introduced the
plans no ever okay well I have a
question telling you that since uh just
take the game of my armor it's okay
how the pleasure tell you since I stay
has pasta license first time with only
three minors as she always always
reminds me I'm just having a little
issue because I'm eating watermelon and
I got it all of which oh no need to
change just like you can look like
bleeding a load of that yeah but
it's alright what are you doing down
here
hi so yeah since I say is now gone her
license she was interested in having
like a cause and I have arranged for a
little test drive of a motor vehicle but
I stayed this afternoon so we'll be
going and doing that which kind of
things gonna be fun yeah and I have to
tell you since we haven't been vlogging
we have been doing things life has went
on and last weekend we went to look at
cars and go so well yeah it was very a
state that went to college on a state
does not like dodging to be honest is a
very very boring place if you have no
interest in cars yeah I mean I haven't
interesting cars because I want to get
one ya know a general interest like I
was just like oh look at that it's a
Honda Accord it's interesting I've never
been inside one of these and it seems
like you know you look inside but it's
gonna sound rude yeah today we're going
to look at one specific car I'm quite
excited about it because this is sad car
that Ritchie excuse another I want to
get a car that I'm gonna have for like a
long time I don't want to be getting a
car than getting another one next year
you are the kind of person who doesn't
like to change cars every couple years
absolutely you wanna you wanna have the
car you want to form a bond with it yeah
keep that bottom two man needs to come
yeah I'm hoping this one works out it
seems good drinking you'll get it two
million models I thought you're gonna
say to you
important alike I don't thank you um no
can you get a card you're a million
miles I think you can see yeah that's
what we're doing this afternoon
but before that happens we have to eat
yeah I'm sorry
what's the plan most of anything we have
to what you haven't prepared me
delicious dinner no half a quarter mile
before we go I just wanted to take
Reggie for a quick little walk around
the block just to make him feel good
about himself
this is the look I'm going with today
very basic boring standard este style I
am wearing my sunglasses that Claire
gave me they're the Dida magnifique
sunglasses which are awesome just put
these on for you to see ah love and then
my sweaters from monkey my jeans are
from Topshop they're like my standard
Jamie jeans and my Birkenstocks of
course because we just got to the place
and um I wasn't gonna bring this up but
we stopped at McDonald's we were so
hungry I don't know why well I just
lunchtime it's like 2:00 in the
afternoon
but yeah damage was done I don't know I
did get a chicken wrap so moderately
healthy not really at all but it was so
good I don't regret no regrets I'd I
don't regret Department limited edition
Twix McLaury which is excellent yeah
that looks good so we're gonna go in and
take a look at this beast whoo
okay so we just had a look at the car
did a little test drive and yeah I think
it's really nice so I think we're gonna
fall
Joker goes yeah so that's really all I
have to report nice smooth ride guys
I'm not thinking straight right yeah you
don't really call fussing like I'm like
what I say I screw the reps black that's
why I can tell you that rock yeah
automatic well well Tesco we meet again
hope I don't get killed here so yeah we
have no food like I've mentioned like a
thousand times so everything I do is
about food so we're going to get some
food in the grocery store let's do this
thing
talking to the sea dragon my home and
the first thing I stay grabs when she
comes in here is a big cucumber
okay keeping things relatively healthy
here we have lots of salad and these
tomatoes which I never really understood
it says intensely sweet and juicy with a
beautiful old-fashioned tomato aroma
have they changed the scent over the
years I don't know and some salad and
these are these beans I want to have
bean sprouts no that's not right alfalfa
sprouts
that could be good in a salad tonight
you know you can see what else is there
it's about it still still going just got
home and we're feeding Reggie his dinner
yum yum yum how did you find today
thrilling lovely anyway we've got to put
our groceries away and I think Adams
gonna do the honors of taking Reggie I
was taking Reggie on his walk
Reggie's just like getting around in the
kitchen okay so I'm gonna put these away
and yeah I'm interested in getting in my
pajamas but it's a little early it's
like 6:00 almost 6 o'clock but is it too
early no no BJ time is all the time yeah
it really is I also want to wash my face
and give myself a little face mask
experience because my skin is acting up
and that's all I have to update for now
oh yeah check out these that I got there
the jewels dis trooper jewels chocolate
delight and they just looked so cool
what look at this shape the fat I just I
just want that my mouth just really
badly I don't know I just want to feel
but that feels like sorry not sorry I
couldn't help myself I just wanted to
see what these look like and I'm going
to try it I'm going to try it on camera
really good Wow really good that's
what's on the inside in case anybody's
wondering it's like caramel and Mike
almost feels like popcorn or something
that is so good
guess who's back back back back again
yeah yeah Reggie's back back back from
his wawk wawk wawk guys I'm seriously
running out of content I know today's
been extremely boring um I don't know I
just wanted to vlog today because I've
had so many tweets and please excuse my
sunglasses marks that just it just
happens to me anyway I have so many
comments saying sv have you stopped
blogging are you ever gonna vlog again
it like I think it's been a week since
my last vlog um yeah I just wanted to
take a little break from vlogging and
not much was going on really yeah I just
wanted to make this video to say I am
alive and I'm still doing boring se
button stuff you know just day by day
day by day and then I think we're gonna
make dinner I don't know what we're
gonna have hopefully some sort of a
salad I'm not feeling the greatest after
that McDonald's wrap you really notice
how bad that food is when you haven't
had it for a while I haven't had
McDonald's for I don't know how long
would you say it's been since I've had
McDonald's five months four months two
weeks I had last week now
okay I'm back in my comfortable clothes
I'm in my pajamas this is actually a
scons old t-shirt that I've stolen do
you care oh no he was actually gonna get
rid of it and I was like hell to the no
it's mine it's like all nice and soft I
just wanted to say that I've officially
reached 600,000 subscribers on my main
se button YouTube channel which is
amazing so I just wanted to say a big
shout-out to everybody who subscribed
that channel they thank you that is so
cool and yeah I'm just just enjoying
that nice feeling right now it's pretty
crazy
Reggie's also celebrating he's like yeah
Purdy on I'm sorry busy tweeting dude
yeah oh here's Aslan does Google have
Twitter yeah you know why because for
some reason Google Maps was updated like
and they started to use a weird symbol
for the London Underground stations have
you notice that now like okay let's go
to Leicester Square can you see that
look at that look at that symbol it's
like a generic M wait M and for what and
the metro book oh you see that like the
M symbol
yeah no one landed on the ground side
which is super useful because it is like
really bright yeah and everybody
recognizes then you can tell on the map
straight away but the blue M because
sometimes like they have other things
blue like the bus stops are also blue
and like the cinema signs of Blues which
it doesn't know so do you think your
tweet is going to make positive change
well I hope so I'm just like you know
I'm trying to inform the world I mean if
you guys want to get behind it don't go
domain you know retweet it okay Google
in the case because this is a tragedy if
this is a permanent change I don't like
it thank you very much so it's dinner
time I'm taking over apparently because
it stays busy working away make
something of this new book called a
modern way to eat a bit of an annoying
title if you ask me modern way to eat
then people eat like just eat throughout
history but well what overlooked that
it's basically a lots of vegetarian
recipes and there is not a lot of press
and a lot of celebrity types quite like
it Jamie over with the front sings good
things on the back we've got Sophie D
Tony see Tom eh and Heidi s and all
saying good things so this is the first
recipe I'm making it's like a simple
salad Norah's hubbed green quinoa
get this party started bring some water
to the boil get a lemon and cut in half
get your lemons put them upside down a
medium sized pan then you want about 250
grams of a good car this is a bulgur
wheat and quinoa mix pop that in the pan
get a stock cube of your preference and
just crush that in I'm using chicken for
the vegetarian incline you can you know
always use a vegetable stock then you
want to add about double the volume of
water for 250 grams of quinoa that's
about 500 milliliters of water just pop
that in there this is boiling water from
the cattle by the way quick stir here
and then it's bring up to the ball and
let it cook for about 12 minutes whilst
that's happening grab a leek and chop it
up put a generous amount of olive oil
into a medium hot pan
they'll interlude I realize I made a big
amateur mistake I forgot to wash the
quinoa before I put it in the pan might
taste a little bit soapy oh well such as
like once the oil heats up add your
leeks could I let them fry gently for
about 10 minutes they're about 250 grams
of purple sprouting broccoli and just
chopped off just a little bit of your
interest that much next is a couple
handfuls of spinach you wanna just chop
them up roughly then we've got a small
bunch of basil and a small bunch of mint
pick out the leaves of both and chop
them up roughly when you're 12 masses up
the quinoa should be roughly cooked you
want to do is add the broccoli just on
the top here like that spread it around
evenly once you found the lid just pop
it on top and leave it for another like
four or five minutes just to steam
through the broccoli slowly at this
point that leeks should also kind of be
cut so don't forget to take these off
are you gonna bottom wash your broccoli
is cooking is time to defrost the peas
so just get a handful of peas put them
in a Pyrex Bowl and just add some
boiling water now we're using this kind
of funny herb stuff here
it's called samphire and it kind of
grows around the coastal areas what it
does is it absorbs kind of the seawater
and if you bite it it tastes salty you
know it's got a hobby like and salty
flavor to it so this is a great kind of
like salt substitute so I'm gonna chop
this up finely and then add it to the
salad once that's ready we've got
everything ready in theory so grab the
biggest bowl that you can find and then
pop that in there don't forget to take
out the lemons watch out they're kind of
hot whoo get a fresh garlic clove and
just squeeze it in there quite
one-handed we can do this oh yeah there
you go now just a matter of adding
everything and your peas add your
spinach add your chopped herbs and the
samphire if you want you can also add
some roasted seeds I've got this kind of
Omega mix some butter dad like a
generous handful I'd also recommend some
cheese because you
never goes badly anywhere so we've got
some smaller mozzarella balls but you
could add any white cheese I suppose
lots of pepper and there's a good idea -
then you will just slice another lemon
and juice that into there lose nearly
forgot the leeks I know this is perhaps
the most important thing then another
generous glug of olive oil and you're
ready to start tossing all this then
that's it you're done it smells really
good so you're ready to play up now
there you're all plated up already
these are giant portions by the way I
think at the amount I cook is meant to
be for four people but but what we don't
need with it looks amazing my things
will be very easy to refrigerate as well
is good enough today so nice see what it
tastes like thoughts on this do you like
it's over
well I like it too Hanabi and filling
but yet without being too stuffy it's
still kind of like fresh and summery ok
it's time to do the dishes Aslan cooks I
clean that's how it works around here
you may ask what this is just came in
the mail recently I haven't even open it
up but I'm very excited oh yeah baby
look at that
so yeah look at all these bits oh look
at the side we got going from away from
10 down to fricking ones over here this
is incredible
my life sorted out in terms of drill
bits I've had like a few drill bits here
and there but I had like some sizes
missing so I decided to go to invest
properly in the side but a whole set of
them to the B side come on come on here
okay there we go
oh oh oh mighty just salvation just some
reason can't peace mmm you like go of it
yes
you like my drill bit yes we've moved
this party into living room I'm just
laughing so hard the comments on this
video it's absolutely hilarious the
tweets you guys send me oh my god i'm
LOL in four days people four days are
inside can you bad for that she does
whenever she was
video like days later like like this is
hilarious issue really yeah yeah I'm
always reading out tweet and stuff it's
probably annoying isn't it you're like a
little bee collecting nectar yeah a
little collecting pollen weeks are my
nectar so yeah at the moment I'm just
like tweeting and talking to you guys on
Twitter and just being giddy for some
reason I was like yeah like a little bit
high what I mean like high on life when
I uploaded a new video I don't know I
just still get that nervous kind of
feeling anyway on a different note I
discovered these pajamas on top shops
website and I just love them I'm
concerned that my shoulder would get
cold but I just love the pattern so much
and I'm really interested in those I'm
still thinking about it still thinking
about it
whoa watching the football Holland
against Argentina and standing I'm just
cracking up with the air I forget these
tweets I got me up on Twitter so all
this is so funny okay good yeah so just
kicked off Oh I mean after last night's
you nation of Brazil
it'll be interesting to see what happens
here I'm just hoping for something as
exciting as that but it's probably not
gonna be as exciting let's face it as
once-in-a-lifetime the fact that this
hashtag exists the SE button effect well
se button effect I just find it so
hilarious like do you know what that is
there's one yeah what no what is it
it's basically like if I mentioned
something somebody will buy it or
something and then they say oh I had to
go and get this cuz we'll be a so better
fact oh you know I mean anyway I just
think it's accessing is so funny I
always I think it's so funny I'm having
far too much funnier people far too much
fun and says Reggie he's doing this
location again whoa mister are you even
wearing socks
what are these ha ha put best foot beds
deceiveth blazer for the foot yeah this
is a relatively new thing like couple
months I'd say that as I've been wearing
these sockets I like to call those okay
yeah so well I've been doing everything
the paws like three or four years
chi-square vibes so it's almost 10
o'clock now and literally nothing has
changed since the last update still
browsing on Topshop still watching
football
Reggie still sleeping I mean I'm being
busy but it's the point I'm doing big up
doing boring games no point doing boring
but important like where I'm getting
some car insurance quotes for steak yeah
just to see how can you go that out
maybe so with that are they gonna wrap
it up I hope you enjoyed coming along on
this wild wild ride that I like to call
Wednesday I have nothing else to report
I hope you did enjoy this vlog
nonetheless I am Alive I am doing well I
am still going to be vlogging and that's
all I want to say shabam shibam so we
will see you in the next vlog bye Oh bye
guys see you later it's been way too
long since I've done that voice and at
VidCon people were asking me to do the
Reggie boys wait what you mean what you
is yeah wait what do you mean ready boys
water he's moving too much
yeah it's Reggie's voice why would I be
able to do it what's your problem dude
all right direction okay so we're just
leaving the restaurant now it's a really
good meal Akshay was really glad we
decided to get that well okay so
we're going to do a quick goodbye I'm
going to spit around everybody wave
all the bloggers crazy
