good morning everybody we're starting
things a little bit differently as you
can see I'm up close and personal with
the mirror today I'm just trying to
perfect the winged liner right now you
know I'm just a regular girl trying not
to eff up the winged liner I've got my
makeup trunk down here and my laptop I
was listening to some music and yeah I'm
just trying to do the winged liner
really badly it's it's not going
according to plan
really yeah so I'm using the Kat Von D
one let's give this a whirl let's try to
finish this up okay I am officially
ready
I hope the cat eyes look ferocious I
think they look okay not my best work I
will admit but I just thought I would do
a quick outfit of the day and this is
what I'm wearing today I'm looking very
boho you know what I mean I just felt
like it was kimono time I haven't worn a
kimono here yet and they're just so
flowy cool and I love when you walk I'm
like full behind you like that
I don't think Nicole so I'm wearing
these Topshop shorts I wore these the
first day I was here and I'm it's a
repeat offender and this is like a
strapless cami this is from Topshop I
love these and this is probably too much
information but I letting you know now
that I found a strapless bra and I think
I mentioned this in a vlog before when
we went to bra vism Oh in London and I
said I've never had a strapless bra
before and it's it's working you know
that's all I have to say on that subject
and then this is my necklace from cos
and my boots are from ASOS they're these
like cutaway little nude booties and
that's the entire look just my regular
bracelet these little pinky rings are
from Miami gal I love them and then this
ring is actually also by Maya Miguel
really nice that is everything we're
heading down to the lobby to get some
breakfast because we're starving and
then I have another panel it's on how to
start a beauty channel and that's yeah
that's at 11 o'clock today whoopsies
that's at 11 o'clock today and yeah I'm
not as nervous for today's panel just
because I think like if I already did
one yesterday so you know what to expect
a little bit more and yeah it was fun so
I'm excited to do it again but I'm
really hungry
so let's do this thing I've been let
loose in the hotel alone I'm going to
find some food because I have to eat and
amelia is still curling our hair so try
to locate some food right now I've got
like 15 minutes to eat breakfast and
it's going down before I leave that's
just I'm just letting you know this is
the elevator if you've never seen it
interesting times interesting time okay
the party's started with some fruit
watermelon that's happening it's kind of
hard to do this one-handed oh my god
what is that what what actually is that
granola go for a croissant nice pastries
no no no doughnuts
tempting but no what is that very
tempting very tempting so we're just
walking to the panel at VidCon and I ran
into this beautiful lady our together
unfortunately Arden is really sick right
now so she's trying to hold it together
and be strong for this panel
so we just finished doing the panel it
was really great to see lots of the
other girls that I haven't seen like art
and stuff
yeah the panel was really good it was
really interesting to see so many people
talking about starting a beauty channel
and being so young being 13 years old
and starting a beauty channel which i
think is awesome so if you think of a
starting beauty title it's definitely
start when it's a really supportive
community and I love it so I'm going
back to the hotel now amelia is already
left yeah so we're heading back there
and we shall see what we can get up to
so I'm back in the gazebo the famous
filming gazebo we filmed like a couple
of videos here throughout the week
anyway I'm here with a very special
guest
it is Tati which I've just found out is
short for Tatiana no orthodontia no
Tatiana yeah exactly
and if you don't know she's got a
YouTube beauty channel called glam life
guru and yeah I see it's all better now
and you should have to go check out her
videos because she does well they're fit
Emilia and talk to your filming a tip
tip Tuesday she's yeah and if you like
soothing voices you're the queen
I might put you to sleep yeah I can
guarantee I can guarantee she will not
put you to sleep she's very interesting
no no it's not put you to sleep in a
boring way it's so soothing and she said
such late tips and when she talks about
the lorac palettes and oh and you know
what else I just watched your video on
the glam glow masks like you did all of
them yeah they're amazing anyway what
I'm trying to say he's go check out your
channel more videos
woo having lunch in the hotel again
actually I'm branching out I'm not
getting the same turkey sandwich but
amelia is I don't blame her it's pretty
good but but yeah we're just chilling it
outside today I just saw a gecko I
couldn't get it on film
I tried tried really hard but I didn't
get it
now yeah we're just relaxing relaxing
I'm so glad I have this glass of iced
water because I'm actually trembling a
million I was saying we haven't eaten
today really and we haven't had any
water so you know how you get a little
jittery so good you take a moment and
relax you know and I think we're gonna
go to Sephora after this that's the plan
I think so yeah shop till you drop the
food is here I'm so glad I went for the
quesadillas I think we're gonna go to
Sephora and we surprised you laugh at
this law without going to support yeah
that's what I'm thinking what's on your
list tart yeah tart as are all the ways
oh that's a good one yeah well oh yeah
they're gonna have some yeah woo he's
not really good it's Chloe alright yeah
nice so look where we are Downtown
Disney check this out it's very cool
there's a bride that's nice that's
really nice so I mentioned that we were
going to the Sephora but apparently the
closest Sephora is in Downtown Disney
and our cab driver just said that this
is basically like a big shopping area
where you can go shopping and it's free
so it's not like you're paying to go
into Disney but it's like Disney it's
like the free Disney apparently and it
seems to like a very bustling part of
town this is pretty cool we're at the
Disney Lego store and there's Belle and
the Beast
and here's Buzz and Woody which is
pretty cool I mean this is actually Lego
which is really insane if you don't
believe me here it is up close and
personal that's insane I wonder how long
that would take to make and then what's
the one over here let's see this is a
dragon I don't know what that one is but
there's a massive dragon up there I'm
sure I'm missing out on what movie this
is tell me in the comments we have
arrived at our destination Sephora it
looks pretty big anyway which is good
and there's a Starbucks and a Jamba
Juice which I'm kind of thirsty it's so
hot out here
but I think we're gonna go to support
first oh what a glorious place this is
as you can see I'm going a little bit
crazy with the bark Jacobs stuff because
I really haven't tried much besides the
eyeshadow palette here's the make up
forever stuff which is always something
I've wanted to try I don't know if
today's gonna be the day but let me know
if you think I would like the Make Up
For Ever foundation
it's this one I guess HD Emilia and I
are vlogging at the same time yeah look
at these gorgeous girls they said that
they saw our tweet saying that we were
going to come to Savera and then they
ran over here are you guys going to buy
any makeup today thing yeah yeah exactly
as you can see we're not just browsing
we're doing some major damage really
good yeah do I need this palette every
time I see it I want to get it I want to
get it so bad but I'm not but I want it
but I'm not but I want it find out I
won't I'm back in a way so I'm in
Sephora and here I find Ruben and we
just took a little Polaroid picture but
we're both hoping that we don't blame ya
it could definitely be a possibility but
he says if he watches our blogs which is
really nice
oh do you like Reggie yeah Reggie's
becoming more popular I think that as
long as I okay we're in the development
stages here I think it's okay it's hard
to tell I love it I wish I could keep it
but I'm just s5 Sephora with Olivia and
before that she came back to me again
took another photo does really nice but
she makes videos on video blog mostly on
my Instagram
so if you want to check out her stuff
this is all of her information go give
her some love baby we're just walking
down the street and Amelia trips me
she's like it's really freaky and hot
it's really hot
of course we find ourselves back in
Starbucks and I'm not so excited about
the drink but I'm excited that the mug
because I always get the Starbucks you
you are here collection box
and I don't have a California mug of
course I'm going out to get one
decisions decisions do I get Orange
County do I get Los Angeles or do I just
get California oh I don't know huh I
don't know iced green tea lemonade with
peach that's definitely not the right
way to say it but I'm saying is tasty
okay 85 so you speak all in Spanish all
the time oh that's amazing
yeah can you say like oh I love YouTube
so much and say something else so we've
just been kind of chilling out in the
hotel I've been editing a vlog and stuff
but having some technical difficulties
uploading anyway we are headed out for
dinner now we just got a text from
LeClair you guys probably remember
Claire oh no Claire and she's like what
are you guys doing for dinner and we
didn't really have any plans so we're
like sure we'll come along and so I
think there's gonna be a couple of other
people there Emilia has just run back to
get her coat but I'm just creeping on
this wedding just creeping like I
normally do creeping I just really want
to touch this palm tree first palm tree
I've ever touched I like it it's nice
and this is where we're going for dinner
tonight it's called Roy's I hear this is
like the the favorite hangout so it's
Roy's Hawaiian fusion cuisine look at
the vlogging going on at this table
right now it's like insane
so dinner just came and I forgot I
haven't actually introduced all of these
people to you are these people go see
you no Amelia you know yeah and we're
here with Blair and this is Tanja a
future vlogger and Emily and Jessie whoo
okay can you tell everybody about your
channel in case they haven't seen it
before what's the what's the yeah thank
you to be adjusted nice yeah step all
the time yeah she does amazing hair all
the time her Instagram is like the most
insane thing but yeah I'll link to them
down below of course salad salad
something looking cool something looking
really good over there and more salad oh
and this stuff this is ritual spring
rolls some shrimp that I'm not eating
because I'm allergic and ribs and lots
of other good stuff so we are going to
eat have a good time we've got dessert
going now apparently there's going to be
lava in here what's there's the money
shot there
look at this shot we're getting here we
are loving the vlogging tonight okay so
we're just leaving the restaurant now
it's a really good me lecture I was
really glad we decided to get that well
okay so we're gonna do a quick goodbye
I'm going to spin around everybody wave
all the bloggers but it's a really great
evening and we're heading back to the
hotel oh so we're back in the hotel now
and we're just gonna be chilling and
editing it's kind of like it's really
late it's 8 22 but I feel really tired
we've got to pack up our bags and stuff
so I think I'm going to wrap it up and
end the vlog here unfortunately this is
going to be the end of balloon as well
and just because when I go home it
actually technically kind of takes two
days I mean it's a 10-hour flight but
with the time difference and the thing
and then you know by the time I get home
I'm gonna be sleeping you know it's
really confusing except it's not really
anyway I'm gonna end the vlog here and
flew in here we have had a great time at
VidCon honestly like we have been
cracking up the entire time just having
a good time
good old wholesome fun and yeah fun
times and good times and good jumping
times so I am officially wrapping it up
and I will see you in a vlog soon bye
good morning everybody I am in the
gazebo my favorite gazebo in California
perfectly and you probably heard that
little voice who is it
oh my god it's Nicky Phillip I
