good morning everybody it is bright and
early on Sunday and our little family is
going for a walk of course Sunday's the
best walk because there's nobody around
and Reggie likes that he appreciates
that so it tasted a that we are doing
our crazy Christmas lunch basically it's
going to be a good time who's coming so
my friend Emily Charlie cayenne
Greg Ariel me Iceland enjoyed a gorge I
was like well there is one more and
George and unfortunately George's
girlfriend Bailey can't come so I'm
really sad about that but still gonna be
a good time without you Bailey but not
as good so basically we have to go home
and get everything ready but yeah it's
still early so I'm going to try to get a
few of my errands done because tomorrow
morning I'm actually leaving to go to
the airport at 3 o'clock in the morning
so maybe not the best day to have a huge
lunch but Reggie's like don't care but
yet so that that's that's the sketch
over today um I stay and has decided to
steal all my flex supreme gear for this
morning's work haven't you as I stays
gonna do always be flexing or
and then yes IQ thank you
so I'm heading to the gym and Aslan's
just coming home and he's like oh I've
been all over the place
nobody has fresh Rosemarie oh no gonna
Sunday Oh No
is it essential no but I got eventually
the fourth supermarket headed Wow good
job thank you so I have this friend at
the gym Pedro and someone gave him an
orchid a token and orchid like a flowers
and gift and he put it in his like
little room which is like basically a
closet no way there's no light house
like petrol your orchids gonna die like
you can't leave it in here it's gonna
die like really soon he's like what do
you mean I was like it needs light he's
like it has light I leave the light on
all the time I'm like petrol fluorescent
lightbulbs are not the same as like
sunlight he didn't know I mean just
leave the light on all the shows like
I'm just like veteran oh I need sunlight
like take it downstairs in front of the
window I mean I suppose oh no I don't
think that I mean oka Santino it's time
I think they need some sort of stuff
yeah like give me a bit of Sun it's too
I don't like there's no light in this
room you probably don't have like a
hydroponic hydroponic as I said I was
like did you like put a different kind
of lipo he's like yeah my see like in
the movies they have like lights over
top of like Padua it's like a different
kind of kind of bulb it's like how do
you know all this light like you don't
want to know how I know this I'm not
growing like hydroponic pot don't worry
um not that I even know what that is
anyway I come home and as Lenny's like
properly kitted out as a chef let me
just zoom in on this oh the motel that
is super chef vibes
Reggie even though he is in the other
look yeah let's see babies in Fanny
fitted in that oh my god that's funny
okay cool I like look at all this stuff
Aslan has all the food out no it's just
veg prep kind of peel them taters hello
you are you waking you're too cool this
is awesome
got out of the shower as that is chilly
I think like you love cooking I quite
enjoy cooking yes I also like the
challenge of like cooking lots of things
at once like a lot of people it's quite
a challenge it's like a big meal yeah
yeah if you take people I think this so
you're loving it and check this out
technically you didn't actually make
these no you did buy them but you you
are putting them together so I think
this is very lovely this is called a pig
in blanket I've never had one I know
that seems like a weird thing uh are
they British thing I have to maybe like
a European thing I think I've had them
in Germany before as well um I've heard
of them but I just like sausage wrapped
in bacon so yeah don't finish is nice
can't go wrong and then this is a scotch
egg
and what are these things these are
sausage rolls oh my gosh I'm starving I
haven't actually had breakfast yet but
I'm just trying to hold it in because it
looks so yummy so people are gonna start
arriving at about 11:30 till 13 in about
two hours so we've got a little bit more
time to get everything together and
we've also got the vegetables here I
don't know what they're doing in the
water they're just steeping I don't know
if that's what you call them but
Brussels sprouts parsnips carrots purple
carrots because as one knows I love a
good purple carrot potatoes that's it
Reggie's like what's happening there is
so much food and you're not giving me
any here is our super cute / really lame
setup so first of all look check this
out I've done my part guys I've done my
part I've got the little biscuits nice
short breads and a couple of Oreos can't
go wrong but we ordered this like little
kids table it's not a kid's table it's
like a table extender because we didn't
have enough space and we got some table
cloths yes host goals why like this is
like it what I stays done is make this
lovely
this little shitty bladder but it's all
good like I just don't enjoy cooking I
hate it you love it but I'll clean
everything up tonight but this is so
cute the worst cookie platter ever and I
might actually have one mmm Oh
oh my god sorry guys I must be dreaming
because it looks like Estee is helping
cookie yeah baby what you're doing here
Darla this is one massive carrot you
cutting up some carrots
yeah what the homeless I am going to
create a little vegetable platter
although we only have carrots and
cucumber little hummus and then we've
got some hummus nice very good work
thinking the vegetarians serene I say
yes I mean we all like vegetables you
know kind of okay so the turkeys coming
out to get soil removed it's pretty
heavy
so I really hope I'm not going to do
that one I did not expect it to be that
big yeah pre-ordered it on Amazon
someday verdes can we fit in the oven
okay okay good there's bacon on it
yeah we're taking the bacon off first
for you Slater the sprouts use your
special Tom's he finds it funny that I
have metal tongs
what is so funny they're just so special
look you're a ruler don't we make a
turkey yeah well this is my first hockey
episode there's an orange inside of it
sometimes Christmas /
George is here doing something let's see
it George oh where did it go
it's gone looks good yes and Greg and
Ariel are here with hey guys yeah Ariel
brought us a present can we open it can
you get involved honey so I can open
this he's a little busy but oh whoa yes
did you just bring you over yeah I
bought food day before I flew back he's
over my face did you know they're my
favorite these now okay okay oh looks
like him all right
he's like he's already take the tag off
and see if he'll take it oh he's always
a good thing
he's message
he loves it and he'll run to the living
room now yeah what's his name the
elephant Gerrard okay okay Oh what is it
important zone oh my god is this the new
wire doesn't succeed oh my gosh because
I have all the other ones oh my gosh I
haven't even seen it I'm so Canadian
it's really lame it's a Christmas
ornament from Tim Hortons the Canadian
institution I should show you my I
should have my collection out now yeah
they are there's more Oh books ooh what
is this my favorite book of the year ah
it's from an Irish author uh-huh it's
about a woman whose life completely
falls apart in a small Irish town okay
and kind of like having to deal with
everybody peeking in in her life and
it's so good on every other page I was
like oh no oh
amazing coming from Ariel the book Queen
yeah this is gonna be good wonderful
ooh so you've been publicly shamed to it
but never heard of it nonfiction okay
because actually on internet culture
okay and the idea of kind of mass
shaming on Twitter which we talked about
on occasion it talks about how like in
olden times public shaming were like
torture and then the government was like
that's too cruel so they slowed and how
the Internet's kind of retaken that back
oh that is cool I ready you're gonna
love that look you yes okay oh thank you
guys so so nice so Arielle and I are
going to be filming a club mm-hmm and
for those of you don't know this babe
what do you do
maybe not read books she reads a lot of
books like a lot of book she always has
a book in hand it's true yeah always in
the bag so this one we're gonna do a
video on my channel and a video on her
channel don't know when they're coming
out yeah we've not talked about that at
all at some point but they're both gonna
be really fun I think yes stay tuned so
we just did it yes I think it went well
yeah for two videos down yes and now
it's time to actually relax and enjoy
our Christmas meals yes let's go through
it on okay kids things are holding up in
the kitchen the turkey got that out it's
now here it's just resting very
beautifully okay should be fine when I'm
making the gravy so you've got all the
juices from the baby here it's going to
reduce them down a little bit add some
balsamic vinegar add some jam add some
flour add some stuff an hour later
what's going on in the oven well we've
got them potatoes containers be roasting
two different kinds one veggie friendly
one not so ready friendly and we've got
the carrots up here what's happening now
we got pouring the gravy juices out of
the tray it's separating all the bits
from the gravy it's a dangerous game
yeah I've just been socializing in the
living room and I come in here Aslan's
in like Footloose wet he's so stressed
stressed but really like you know sounds
like Christmas ain't easy so you have a
newfound respect for Grandma oh yeah
she's a big lad guys no two ways about
it this is the largest turkey I've ever
had the pleasure of experience
oh my god there was a lot of juice that
just came out of there not sure that's a
good thing or a bad thing
Wow Cayenne is going in first this is
the vegetarian situation and also this
is Martin and this obviously all the
other vegetables and there's some other
things for you guys like all the colors
Karen yeah carrots Wow
Cayenne is not stopping he's like I'm
getting in here first I'm gonna get in
there second hey guys so I stay and
everyone else is in the other room we
just finished Aslan's amazing turkey
dinner he sa doesn't know I'm filming
this I wanted to show you this Vaz thing
that she has this is how they pour water
in SK Luanne's house okay through this
amazingly futuristic vault of the
situation jug
I don't know anyway I made brownies for
everyone and I just thought I would do a
little stealing the blog take over okay
see ya okay I'm back again to show you
she has an amazing kettle oh my goodness
it also has this function that when you
pull this I don't how did you do it yeah
when you pull this up it like moves the
thing on the inside she's really really
has a good understanding of amazing not
cutlery dishware yeah okay
well guys the party is winding down and
unfortunately this is all my job to
clean up that is one thing about not
cooking and just doing the cleaning it's
fine with me I actually like cleaning
but yeah it's quite a mess and we have
loads of turkey left so we're gonna give
some away all right everyone has just
left
oh what a work a Christmas Christmas
dinner I mean I feel like I didn't even
do anything and I'm tired yeah no you
know you did all the cleaning up yeah
general the cleaning of all I've done
round one of cleaning like I'll show you
guys I'm impressed with clean this whole
thing off and I have the dishwasher
going and then all these have to go in
the dishwasher and I've also cleaned
most of the big pots and pans but I have
to do round two
once this dishwasher is done but it was
really fun just like hanging out and
seeing everybody was really casual
Sunday afternoons it was really nice I
am gonna go take a bath and get
everything packed up for tomorrow's big
trip I can't remember if I said this or
not but I'm going to Germany with Adidas
bright and early my cab comes to pick me
up at 4 a.m. which means I have to wake
up at 3 a.m. tomorrow now looking
forward to it so I'm going to take a
bath now and just try to relax and then
start packing everything up
okay my shower was lovely my shower I
mean Beth and I'm just starting to pack
everything up so I have some shoes my
curling iron some hoodies and whatnot
but I'm not even close to being done my
face is red because that means I'm
relaxed it was a beautiful bath so
basically I'm going to carry on packing
up and then I think I might end it here
who's all I'm gonna be doing is packing
really so I'm going to wrap it up for
now but I'm gonna see you first thing
tomorrow morning at 4a m I'm crying
already
you
