good morning everybody I am in the
gazebo my favorite gazebo in California
perfectly and you probably heard that
little voice who is it
oh my god it's Nicky Philip I know she's
looking hot so we're just gonna be
filming some videos here it's bright and
early in the morning it's like it feels
like 6:00 in the morning but it's 9:00
but we're just having a good time so we
just got done filming Amelia's down
there doing some work and the biggest
went really well we had a lot of fun
making them which was really cool yeah
you weren't even in the shot Nikki and I
have a thing about water and tea and
just drinking 24/7 so it's yeah
hydration in general I think everybody
needs to talk more about hydration in
their lives we are back in our favorite
restaurant they hotel coffee and we're
getting the exact same thing we did
yesterday cuz Amelia and I are very
boring people we apparently yeah we are
birds yeah no yeah she doesn't have it
exactly okay so we finished lunch and
we're just chilling in the hotel room
briefly but we're heading back to VidCon
today because I'm gonna be speaking on a
panel which I'm a little bit nervous
about yeah it's like the kind of thing
you don't know what to expect like I've
no idea how many people are gonna be
there and there's other people doing the
panel as well but yeah I mean you always
just kind of get nervous they say you
should do one thing every day that
scares you this is the thing for me
today we are back at the convention
center and it seems to be a lot more
busy today all those palm trees they're
so gorgeous um yeah I think a lot more
people come come to VidCon today just
because there's more panels and stuff
for people to see yeah should be good am
I going to be sitting at this table in a
bit yes I am guys I'm just
oh my god can you say your thing Oh
with all these people I let's try not to
fall a stay oh this is pretty crazy so
we're all done with the panel now and
everybody's up here now
so we just finished the panel and I just
wanted to put casting here because oMG
have you seen what a lot easier in your
life and she's just as happy and
infectious and real mathy always had all
the best answers like butter well I felt
like I felt like there was just like
this silence after I chuckling okay no
no no so I'm just done the panel here
and I met is it Gloria No yeah you're
just angry because I looked at the names
before Jessica and Gloria and they were
just saying that they couldn't make it
to the meetup meet-and-greet yesterday
which sucked and they tried to get me to
do the Reggie voice why don't you guys
do the Reggie boys okay let's hear it
let's hear they try to get me to do it I
tried to do it is not coming
okay so they have a couple of YouTube
channels you've got one too right do you
have one - okay so I'm gonna write this
here
so I have it Jessica explains it all
yeah where's just me like doing vlogs
for like maybe one movie video yeah I'm
gonna have one can just do stuff with my
friend Kenneth and you like super Keith
wolf you know to see that I'll have to
check it out logs and like challenges
together oh that's awesome
okay what's yours glorious glory of Glee
video like the ones they have in Japan
yeah yeah are they are they here though
today okay oh I used to not like you
okay I'll have to watch that every
single cat and it's silly
okay I'm watching that video girl so the
panel is finished and as you can tell it
was pretty looking without a bus here we
got a bus here
it was pretty amazing
it was like kind of one of those moments
where I be sitting up there and the
lights were shining in my face and like
Cassey from Blogilates was talking and I
was just like having a moment where
everything stood still and I was looking
at who the audience is just a crazy
moment for me so many emotional
questions in there I just want to tell
everybody that I love you and I'm
getting to God thank God it brings on
guys it's like what is wrong with me but
when people just say such amazing things
it's just ah that's what makes the world
go round so thanks to everybody for
coming to the panel today I'm so happy I
got to meet some of you afterwards and
just all-around great experience
starting up our life trying to get an
uber when nobody knows where we are it
is so funny okay so I just had dinner
just with Ingrid over there the thing
that people have been waiting for I know
like every video I probably say oh and
then Egret sub isla negra so that's
again who's really good here yeah there
was one video where I felt like
everything that I was talking about tone
it down a little bit really nice little
fountain apparatus here that I'm looking
at right now nice little pond oh there's
a million modeling on here so yeah we're
back we're back at freaking Alta
surprise surprise we are still on the
hunt for the lorac Pro palette I'm
actually looking for a palette for you
guys so I really hope that they have it
and Amelia wants one as well because she
doesn't have one yet so if I can find
one I'm gonna get one for you guys do a
little giveaway but we shall see good
success yay finally mission accomplished
baby whoo let's actually show you guys
what the oh sorry what how it looks like
if you've never seen it this is like the
palette no one can find it's the most
beautiful thing ever
this is pretty exciting it's a Mallee
beauty line and I always see her on QVC
because I watch TV see religiously but
yeah I don't know what I should try
really from the brand I know that she is
like really known for her lashes lashes
for her mascaras she seems like a very
happy person I've always been more of an
S you kinda gal but when I come to alter
they have tons of OPI nail polishes that
look really gorgeous so hmm which ones
this is like my very typical color
luckylucky lavender I have no idea what
this is but I'll tell you it looks like
a mustache tweezing device that's
absolutely terrifying surprise surprise
feelings spending with Amelia I really
love the way they put these lights on
the palm trees I am just so fascinated
by palm trees I think they're so cool I
guess because growing up in Canada you
definitely didn't see a palm tree but
yeah I think it's really nice the way
they light it up like this we're just
walking along and this is an Arby's
everybody it looks so Flintstone II do
you think with the cool neon sign and
everything obviously the neon signs not
Flintstone II but I don't know I just
think it has a Flintstone flair to it
we're headed to the gas station right
now just to get some candy for Amelia
she's running low on sugar people yeah
holy crap for anyone who has never seen
America and the sweeps here you go
people like this is like a large variety
I might actually go for the Reese's
Pieces that's always a keeper but it is
difficult Oh God
why do you take me to these places but
you can't take your eyes off it
another day another lime green car with
doors that go up to the sky
Emilia is basically not even bigger than
the bag that we just could but I was
just saying it's such an American thing
to have like paper brown bags like that
with no handles I always see them in the
movies we stuff what we looking for oh
nice airheads and again we have more
Disney fireworks I cannot believe they
do this every single night I find it
fascinating ah it's pretty crazy all the
fireworks it's really loud you can see
everybody from the hotel is coming out
to watch the fireworks crazy okay so
we're back in the hotel it's kind of
late now it's like 11 ish it's late for
us I mean think of the jet lag people
but we had a really great night after
all to be came back we were just
chatting with some people here at the
hotel and yeah it's just a really nice
lovely little evening and we're
absolutely shattered to say a British
word we are shattered I don't think I'm
gonna have the strength to edit the vlog
for today cuz I can't even like form a
sentence right now so I'm gonna edit it
tomorrow and put it probably still get
it up tomorrow anyway but it'll be a
little bit later um but yeah I think for
now I'm gonna wrap it up and I will see
you guys tomorrow yeah see you guys
tomorrow bye
