good morning everybody it is day two in
Anaheim California and we are heading to
VidCon I had quite a restless sleep last
night I woke up at like 5:30 in the
morning 6:30 in the morning and can't
even remember but all I know is I'm
really tired of my eyes can you see my
eyes how red they are
yeah but I'm fine I'm kind of like that
like lack of sleep energy burst so
Emilia and I are just getting ready to
head out to VidCon for the first day we
have our meetup today which we're really
excited about and probably a little bit
nervous but as well we shall see how it
goes um yeah I just get nervous but
should be fun
and that's all I have to say for
breakfast I had a banana and some pecans
and water and I'm looking at those
nectarines next so I just thought I
would do a quick outfit of the day even
though you've technically already seen
this outfit in the past a balloon but
this is what I'm wearing this little
oopsies what this little top is from
Topshop it's like a black and white palm
thing and then this skirt is also from
Topshop it's the one with these little
like holes here which is really nice
nice like lace pattern and I'm sparing
my regular shoes which they probably
don't go with this there's probably
something cuter but I don't know I don't
know if I got straight for that and I
just curled my hair a little bit and
that is what my face looks like so we
are heading downstairs now and we're
actually going now so I'm just standing
in line trying to get my tickets and I
run into and Benji oh my god you guys
know how much I adore Benji Judy's blog
so she's really
but we're just talking about VidCon in
the morning for right now exactly how
she needs a travel
because I know you fans love us and you
guys want to greet us with some time
inside we need get places are you doing
any presentation so so far VidCon is
finished it's been a cool experience I
don't really still don't know what to
expect it's like a huge building as
people everywhere and yeah it's very
spacious so we're gonna go to this
little talk here and see how that goes
we're just heading down the escalator
and there is some screaming going on I'm
not exactly sure what's going on down
there I don't you can hear it
something's happening did somebody say
it turkey club sandwich this is massive
like look at the size of this pickle
this is my hand oh my this is gonna be
good okay we're back at VidCon and we're
getting ready for our meet up
whoo so this is another part of VidCon
and I guess somebody is doing a meet-up
because there's a lot of people here I
don't know who it is I know all of the
YouTube guys are doing a meet-up right
now as well so it's pretty crazy in here
okay so we've got all these people
around don't know what to do right now
so right beside us is Philip DeFranco
which is pretty cool and then our meetup
booth number 14 is right here there's my
name SD but
people
it's going on at the same time like I
said Philip defranco's and
so
no big deal the Shaytards are just
beside us oh my god stop just here with
Claudine and she actually first thing
she said to me was what's
crack-a-lackin' I love when people say
stuff like that so funny
so just chilling out it's pretty crazy
here still oh my gosh this is like the
best craziest experience ever are you
having a good time what would you say
about VidCon to anyone who's never been
to VidCon
yeah stay hydrated snacks water
a little boat you guys not trying to
freak you out but there's a snake in
here I heard it I heard it I heard it
and I don't want to get a bunch of
closer but I saw oh my god
I think it's like a big one I need the
big one oh good oh good I saw it I
thought a few seconds ago I don't know
where it is I don't know where it is but
I saw it and I can hear it oh my god
okay that's it that's it that's it okay
so we're heading out to dinner now we
just had like an hour a little rest out
radio when the Canadian comes out to
play oh yeah so we're heading out to
dinner it's so early it's five o'clock
and we're going out to dinner it's a
little bit strange isn't it but I guess
that's like a I don't know everybody's
got such busy schedules that just kind
of like let's cram in at dinner at 5:00
so we're heading there now
sorry Amelia and I are a little giddy
right now I don't know it's a long story
anyway we are heading to dinner now oh
my god we are we're just Rex we're just
having a good time it's basically what's
happening so we are heading out to
dinner and we will see you at dinner yes
are you saying this amelia is de clip
queen and that's the kind of clips I use
they're my favorite kinds that I use yes
okay they are the best because they
don't exactly they're perfect I am
hashtag Nicolas yep wait you can't
really see the side but we're having
dinner at Morton's
with God it's dinner time steak this
looks massive but stay is high on life
I'm I'm too unfit to you and I have the
root key thing you're tired so we are
back in the hotel room I'm gonna try to
locate the light can you see me can you
see me can you see me there we go
so we just got back from dinner it was
really delicious and good and I'm really
sleepy so I just want to get into my bed
and go to sleep so I will see you guys
tomorrow bye and I'm gonna get Claire to
tell me what to buy because she's got
the best taste and everything so what do
you think what's number one I know I
know
just look at this place it's like a
freaking maze of beauty
