good morning everybody it is it has been
a long time since I've seen you not
really it's only been like a day but a
lot of things have gone down the last
time we spoke so first of all we got to
the airport we flew to LA everything was
cool and then unfortunately we were
standing by the luggage conveyor belt
and they lost
Amelia's bag so that really really
sucked you kind of stand there thinking
maybe it's gonna come but it didn't and
they actually lost like ten other
people's luggage so they said it was
going to come last night and it didn't
so we're a bit frantic because Amelia
doesn't have any clothes no she's not
walking around naked but you know she's
wearing the same thing so she needs to
get some outfit sorted and like he's
just a few things like it's it's not
normal not having your luggage so many
things you take for granted like
toothbrush toothpaste obviously we went
to the store and bought her a few things
but it's just crazy Sonia and we're just
waiting for that I just ironed this
shirt kind of evidence to show that I
actually did iron my shirt just in case
you didn't believe me
this was the sweet iron I used oh yeah
so one of the first things we did when
we got to LA was go to Whole Foods
because we like food and also we wanted
to have like fresh fruit and vegetables
and stuff in our room because you cannot
survive every day on in and out but I do
want to go to internet at one point on
this trip can we yeah it's like
apparently it's really good burgers
apparently this yet but we did quite the
Whole Foods whole and actually not all
of it even fit in our fridge so we had
to like store in the fridge down in the
reception area but I'll just show you
like a brief overview of what we got at
Whole Foods and I never think Americans
do Whole Foods on a freaking whole other
scale it was massive and I'm out of
breath just thinking about it clearly
okay so this is what we got some
guacamole we got some apricots cherries
watermelon a couple salads two of these
fruit things which is like a huge thing
of berries more salad carrots Greek
yogurt baby bell and then over here is
our basically like our pantry so we have
like granola nectarines which I'm going
to have right now
tomatoes amazing stuff nuts can't go a
day without a pecan that's my new life
motto so my friend Christine is coming
here I had no idea she got a new channel
art banner maybe this has been here for
ages and I just don't remember
but anyway Christine is the coolest most
badass person in the world I'm so
excited to finally meet her she does
these things called uniforms it's
basically like an outfit of the day type
of thing but with an edge because
Christine is like I said freaking cool I
feel like I've known Christine for years
probably because I have like internet
known her I remember knowing her in the
beginning when I first moved to England
and she just sent me a message and she's
like like are you doing a meet-up I was
like girl please come to my hotel I want
to meet you so bad and I just thought
let's just get this done immediately
because I don't want to risk not having
time later in the week or something so
she's gonna come over she was actually
kind of close by to where I am anyway
and I think we're gonna go chill in the
garden and eat some berries and be
hippies and I can just stare at her and
be like Christine you are so freaking
cool teach me your ways I just thought
I'd show you my outfit really quickly
even though it's nothing special and
just ignore these watermarks I just wash
my hands and I splattered it everywhere
so first of all I'm not drying my hair
it's too hot and I'm just letting it go
let it go let it go Wow
so yeah I'm just doing I'm doing that
today and my makeups really simple I
think it's gonna get kind of hot today
this shirt is monument 1 from H&M
necklace from cause I feel like I wear
this out but every single day these
shorts are from Topshop they're just
like really cute little loose little
things that are kind of like longer in
the back of it and then this shirt is
quite long as well and then my sandals
are these ones from ASOS just heading
down the hallway going to meet Christine
I brought some berries as you can see
just in case she's hungry I mean I'm
hungry but you know I see is it
recording right now is the red finger
yeah you're correct so we're just in
this beautiful gazebo area check this
out it's like seriously it's like a
castle and I found my girl Christine
right here this beautiful specimen what
a Coolio and she brought me this really
cool like little shoppers map and she
was just saying that I should really go
check out all these stores
she like notes I hope I have time today
and she brought me more berries which is
amazing we're definitely a look
raspberries and blueberries we
definitely don't have a berry shortage
okay so a long time ago on your channel
I remember you did like interviewing
people oh yeah yeah are you going to
continue that serious I totally forgot
about it yeah I would they were so good
yeah I totally forgot about that
yeah you've got to get on that yeah good
good I'll point I'll start playing have
a grape in my mouth but we were just
talking about how we've known each other
since like I was blonde since I was
platinum blonde which is like feels like
years and years ago but it was you want
okay so Amelia and I are heading out now
I don't think you've actually been in
life so yes we are hanging out today I
think we're heading to target which is
really exciting and yeah I think we're
gonna go too so we made our way into
target Amelia was like I've never been
to target before I was like we need to
rectify this right now and you can see
Amelia is quite inner element she's like
oh they have this they have that yeah I
have seen those online yeah yeah
I'm thinking of getting this little
makeup thing you like it's a makeup bag
reminds me the laura mercier one but
then i realized it's actually a snake on
the back but do I still like it it's
kind of cool and then you open it up
like that
pretty cool we are now in the beautiful
home section of Target I just love the
Target Home stuff this is its idea yeah
she's loving it she's got a target make
it happen
buy and make it happen we've hit the
water bottle mother lode and I found one
that I just have to get it's the same
color as se splash of grenadine which is
one of my favorite nail polishes comes
in other colors too Amelia's eye on this
one and I have this tunic oh yeah
really cute so we're sucked in guys to
the target world definitely you watch my
Canada vlogs you'll know how I feel
about the card section I have like a
million different thank-you cards and
notes I love writing people notes I am
trying not to buy anymore I haven't seen
what any that I like particularly
standing out but I'll let you know I
stand corrected
this is happening so we're all done at
Target now I think amelia loves Target
and we were going to go out for lunch
but then we remembered that we went to
Whole Foods yesterday and we had
like salads and stuff we've got so much
food in the hotel so there's no point
going to a restaurant I'm just letting
that food go to waste I think we're
gonna go home eat our salads our
cuacamole
yeah see Cooper's here now so I'm back
in my favorite location with Amelia and
we're having a little picnic here kind
of in a way it's arriving our salad
guacamole water you know just hang in
being the Coolio's that we are um no
we're actually waiting for a very
special guest to arrive and that guest
is my lover
no we're not lovers but like I thought I
was doing well you're vile you are my
lover I have lots of lovers yeah no but
I we are but we're waiting for a little
someone called hey Claire Claire is this
your full name hey last name first name
a last name Claire but Claire is like
one of the most badass people like I
just think she's awesome I've never met
her in real life come Falco how could I
think you know most about us
yeah in real life um but I know I'm
gonna love her so I'm really excited for
her to come so we can all hang out so
I've just got my two minions and hooking
up the tripod here so Claire so Claire
Claire and I are going to be filming a
little video that's gonna go up on my
channel I'm so excited if you've never
met Claire here's your introduction oh
you're kind of dark because of the light
come to the light anyway that is Claire
the coolest person in the world I'm so
excited to be here to be honest even
everybody looks yeah and amelia is gonna
be the one saying action
Jamba Juice time oh yeah of course I had
to get some peach in there so Claire was
kind enough to drive us all the way to
Ulta we saw lots of LA on the way that
rhymes but that was so cool for me to
let see what LA actually looks like Ulta
is amazing I'm staring at the Marriot
Badescu stuff which I'm trying to us I'm
trying to like you know contain myself
my excitement here and I'm gonna get
Claire to tell me what to buy because
she's got the best taste and everything
so what do you think what's number one
there's so many I know I know just look
at this place it's like a freaking maze
of beauty I'm sorry but I really cannot
look at these with a straight face I
mean come on now
come on now
now Claire our tour guide is taking us
to see the Hollywood sign and I'm so so
excited to see the Hollywood sign I've
always wanted to see it never in a
million years thought I would actually
be in LA that's like kind of one of the
places I never thought I would go but
I'm really excited to see it and I'm
definitely gonna be taking a little
Instagram of that whoo just take a
little look at this don't even have
anything to say right now Instagram we
came at a good time - yeah it's like the
perfect time to see the Hollywood sign
because it's like kind of dusk ish okay
we're just going around this windy road
and the sign is over there I'm getting
I'm percolating possibly that's what I'm
doing right now
Oh Dan you can't see anything oh there
it is kind of in the distance again
there the suspense the suspense look at
all these windy Street this is business
and hump humps for days so many palm
trees and cacti so cool imagine living
right by the sign though I bet this
wears off when people are driving up
this tree honey again they need to get
gas every time i vlog I need to get
killed that's gas yeah oh there it is
okay so do you see you there everybody
you're experiencing this with me I wish
this car would move yeah this is so cool
so here we are we've finally made it
just to give you a little glimpse at my
surroundings right now it really does
not get better than this ladies and
gentlemen it really doesn't and actually
down there I think there's like a little
dog park but more importantly of course
the Hollywood sign and it's just
beautiful it's just really amazing of
course in here these two lovely ladies
which is making this memory so special
yeah I bet you were there that would be
like the complete but yeah no this is so
cool really awesome so everybody said
that we had to go to in and out so I'm
gonna zoom right in on this here we go
in and out look at this place the line
is insane to get in here it's really
crazy this could take years and if
you're wondering why we're sitting in
the drive-thru go check out Claire's
vlog because we had a huge talk about
the drive through but everybody said
that we had to get an animal style and
so we're getting
animal style and Emilia this is your
first drive-thru experience
I am mega excited yeah it's off to weed
it out yeah look I'm a graphic she's
like it doesn't take a long time to get
it at the window and why she's not get
the process oh mylanta look at these
fries these are animal style apparently
and they are making me feel a bit like a
ravenous animal because they look
amazing and then here are the burgers so
this looks just amazing I can't believe
we're doing this and we're eating the
car and the guy also gave us lap
placemats because they just assume
you're gonna eat in the car it's pretty
cool we're just driving home now and
look at the Disney fireworks I don't
even see them there in the distance but
we heard them last night
Oh
okay so we are back in the hotel
unfortunately we just said goodbye to
Claire but it was such an amazing
amazing day we already told you Claire
but you really blew our minds girls yeah
you rocked I'm stuck
it's so amazing so cool it's Claire
you're exactly the way I thought you'd
be you're perfect so I think we're gonna
wrap it up we're gonna end up on here
and I'll wrap it up yeah you can wrap it
up wrap it up see you later bye bye
chicken karaage
I hope I'm saying that right but this is
seriously the best stuff ever you put
some lemon on there you've got this
seasoning it's not mayonnaise yes ma'am
and it is so good and edamame beans of
course
