good morning Lord Reginald did you just
go for a walk
did you just go for broke a hug and now
you're rubbing yours all over your
pillow this chillin its chilling with
your squirrel your Fox in your pillow
right so I just took Reggie for a walk
and now I'm tired very tired I woke up
this morning pretty early like 6:30 I
couldn't sleep and I went to bed kind of
light so there's that nice cup of tea
everyone asks where this is from it's
from David's tea but you can get them
anywhere and a big bottle of water and
at my headphones I got my laptop today
is going to be a day of getting things
done because if you don't know I'm
leaving for VidCon tomorrow going to LA
tomorrow never been to LA really excited
kind of nervous very nervous very
nervous so my flight is pretty early
tomorrow morning and I have a lot to do
before then um most importantly though
today I'm going to get a manicure and
pedicure with awesome sister I think I'm
gonna go for shellac because I know it's
gonna last and it always looks really
nice and I hardly ever get shellac so
special occasion you know what I'm
saying it's my mom's birthday next oh
it's at the end of this week so I'm
mailing her a little gift mom lay on you
something I'm just writing with garden
and it's kind of a tradition in our
family to draw on the envelope like draw
little doodles and stuff like that so
mom here's the sneak preview of what
she'll be receiving these are my doodles
okay this is Aslan well my Canadian
family calls him Alan it's like his
nickname in Canada it's my brother Erik
but his nickname is Mori my grandpa my
grandma my mom and me so there you go
maybe I should draw her dog and maybe I
should draw Reggie but I don't know if
I've got the strength of that I just
checked in for my flight I'm actually
flying on the same
now I'm actually flying on the same
flight as Amelia but we won't be sitting
beside each other because we're both
antisocial and we both accept it and we
just love it so much
plus there's actually not that many
seats and I have to sit on an aisle seat
because I get a little panicky if I'm
like sandwiched in between people I
don't even care if I know them I just
have to be on the aisle actually that's
not true when I fly with Aslan he likes
to be on the aisle and I don't mind as
much but when I'm alone its aisle all
the way baby so anyway I have to go to
my appointment
I'm getting my eyebrows done thank God I
am NOT going anywhere without getting my
eyebrows done so I better hurry up and
let's go I have absolutely no intention
on working out today but I'm wearing
workout clothes because that's how I get
things done I'm in like agility mode I'm
like let's get this day done register
please don't go come on
but yeah workout clothes and my regular
sandals now I really gotta go
juice time this is a veggie focus drink
pure vegetables in there baby
love it okay just get out of the way
come into our house our old and the
question I'm asking myself right now is
why did I forget my sunglasses but I'm
going to meet up with a and sister
and we gonna get a manicure and pedicure
nails are officially done and we are
rushing to a restaurant to meet as one
so we're at the restaurant and I think
I'm gonna get the same thing I got last
time which is the Dracula tonkatsu and
the edamame beans and maybe we're gonna
get this system chicken karaage I hope
I'm saying that right but there's no
seriously the best stuff ever you put
some lemon on there you've got this
seasoning it's not mayonnaise and it is
so good and edamame beans of course so
here's my Dracula ramen and what did you
get I got the tradition that normal like
do you have evil Ginsu
assault you want yours to be on whoa
what's that white thing this yeah now I
have a million things to do is I've got
to get packin we are back home now so
you can see I'm the sea monster I'm
rocking a bit of the glam glow mud mask
because I need to sort my skin out I'm a
big ball of stress right now can you
tell I'm trying to keep the smile but
I'm inside I'm stressed out that's why
you did a face mask
it's why I'm doing a face mask yes I
just it's not just the packing like
stuff it's other things going on that I
have to do before I leave the earth
we'll look at very chic very cool very
cause yeah like that like pajamas no
they're cool
I like the bond anyway I'm gonna go
upstairs and get started packing and I
think Aslan is going to be kind enough
to walk Sir Reginald
speaking of Sir Reginald there he is
cutie me and reg is just taking our
afternoon walk in this lovely weather
yeah I think this is gonna be quite a
regular thing for us since the center
stage good girl to LA soon I'd have to
be taken around all day every day not
that I hate that I actually quite enjoy
it it's quite nice I think I think we're
gonna miss her I mean it's only an hour
when you live with somebody all the time
and suddenly they go somewhere and
they're not there it's like it's really
weird I don't like it it's it's like
such a change of normal routine for me
and yeah I feel like I'm in a different
mood you know I'm in a different mood
it's weird but yeah my mood is different
it's just it's not the same packing is
happening packing is happening I'm just
gonna keep saying that because I'm so
sick of packing I know that I'm really
over packing right now but better safe
than sorry that's my fault right now
I've got my face mask off and I've got
another hydrating mask on now I'm trying
to soothe my stressed-out skin so I'm
gonna keep on packing so I'm just
blasting music packing and trying to
tidy and think am I forgetting anything
don't forget anything out just can you
remind me to bring my laptop charger by
the time you
it will be too late okay I'm just trying
to figure out which make up to bring and
I'm actually gonna put my makeup in this
Muji thing on my last trip I use this
just for skincare but I think I'm gonna
use it for makeup this time and I'm
gonna try to pack as much as possible
I'm not wearing any makeup on the plane
tomorrow so whatever I'm gonna wash some
of these bad boys into the sink that I'm
raining not to money and I wash my
brushes with the dr. Bronner's soap this
is a relatively new one it's a rose one
so gotta get my wash on success now
hopefully I don't forget these in the
morning I should be okay but yeah just I
hope I don't forget to in the morning I
have done that before
Aslan is really fascinated by the fact
that he's got a bubble in history when
you drink something and you get a bubble
no difference in my voice are you going
to swallow and remove it now is it gone
there you go oh gee it's okay there yeah
it does yeah it's not gone it's not
really no this is my normal voice you
don't know I know what sound I do but
it's the same way just like ah another
thing Reggie loves to poke people in the
ass with his nose actually yeah you
really want the snack all the time I
stays editing away I thought were had
first day today today it means it's just
like a manic day for her because she's
leaving tomorrow and she's had like ten
thousand things to do well I think she's
kind of on top of it so you know all
props to her she is a businesswoman when
it needs to be business feet you know
what I mean so she can just crack down
and do it
meanwhile I'm making a dinner which is
ready to me there's two pieces of last
night's let's go pizza I don't know if
we shared that with you guys we cracked
I feel like pizza is the one fast food I
can never live without like you know
it's sometimes you have a really bad
kind of moment
you're hungry and there's nothing in the
house and just want pizza just want the
pizza course and that's what so we got
pizza so that's what I stays having for
dinner nothing too exciting I think
after the amazing ramen a pizza can be
you know enough so I don't know if you
guys heat up your pizza like this but
this is how we do it you get a pan put
on low heat let it heat up on this side
for about five minutes and then that
gets the other side crunchy then you
want to do is I just go flip the pizza
heat up on this side for only about a
minute or so I want that female let me
demonstrate you see how this side is not
really crunchy you hear that that's
crunch baby and after about a minute
flip it back so let's there we go and
then we can there's your pizza perfectly
crunchy on the bottom warm the top the
cheese is melted and it's ready to be
served to your loved one I just power
drink I don't have any three of these
four of these three sweet like maybe
like half an hour
we're just saying an hour maybe but I am
I'm really starting to feel a little bit
weird I think I'm like overdosing on
water here but it's so hot it's so hot
in here isn't it you can actually die
yeah yeah wasn't there like a wee
competition yeah yeah you could win a
wee if you held in your pee and you
didn't go so that really has nothing to
do with drinking too much water but kind
of a lot of the same thing you know what
I mean lady died cuz she drank like yeah
look at five or six too many balls of
water I didn't take a piss for like six
which I don't even know how that's
physically possible to hold it in and
then she died from it like it was
poisoning it must be quite things like
yeah just like it's just too much
I think he's basically I don't know what
I'm gonna pretend I hope but I think
it's something to do with the nutrients
in your body not wine business too much
water yeah that's crazy people will do
anything for a week even Richie yeah I
wouldn't mind getting a wee you know I
like to play Wii sport out if you paid
Wii Fit or whatever it's called
yeah I know - and I just share what it's
called but yeah I really like
you know the regularly wondered what's
what I read you've never had memories
for the Gulf we try the Wiimote to the
end of it really appeal to me I was more
of a racing man but yeah I'll give it go
I've just got my strange and unusual
microphone here because I'm doing a
voiceover for a couple of videos right
now and this thing whenever I pull it
out I'm like this is the weirdest thing
ever I just I don't know this is
actually called a dead cat is that what
you were gonna say yeah yeah I don't
know but I'm sure that's gonna offend
some people but you know it is the
technical name of it dead cat laughter
that that no it's not real fur it
synthetic what you know and whenever I
go like this like Reggie is like really
into it I mean he's kind of hot right
now but he would go for it so it's about
nine o'clock at night now and I think it
is time to wrap it up I know this one's
been a bit of a short one but don't fear
the next couple of days will be really
fun hopefully at VidCon so stay tuned
for that oh my gosh it's raining outside
yes it kind of cooling it down a bit
yeah but I didn't even know it's raining
so we're gonna wrap it up and I will see
you in LA bye bye bye guys see you later
bye guys I'll see you later yeah we're
not my mama's going to LA I'm still
gonna be around
keep right yeah yeah Hampstead Heath so
if you're interested in coming too late
by a pond Hampstead Heath is a place for
you I would love to come back here
actually
