good morning again I'm back in the park
with Reggie it's not even 9 o'clock it's
like 8:45 maybe but he's enjoying
himself I was a little bit groggy this
morning not gonna lie I have an
osteopath appointment at 10:00 which
means I will not have time to shower
which is repulsive I know normally I
like to shower before I get up close and
personal with someone if you've never
been to an osteopath it's like you know
they basically they're basically like on
top of you at times so I'm really sorry
to the person who's going to be doing my
appointment today
sometimes you just don't have time I
don't know I'm looking around but I feel
like sometimes when I come to this
parking light my being watched there is
an umbrella over here maybe Mary Poppins
dropped by I'm just heading to my
appointment now my neck my back MA you
know you know I think I don't think they
wrote that song about back pain and
muscle pain but that's what I'm singing
about today anyway I'm going hopefully
they can sort out my back because oh my
gosh I can barely even stand up straight
I'm thinking there might be some
acupuncture involved
I hope okay so I'm gonna go because I
have never much time to get there and I
have got a roll roll out don't don't
don't don't roll out don't don't don't
don't
oh one other quick thing I was actually
walking Reggie as you know and I ran
into one of my neighbors and she said
that she's adopting a learner today
which was like Oh which was so exciting
I'm so happy for her to get him get a
nurture she's actually had I don't
exactly know but it seems like she's had
like almost 10 greyhounds throughout the
years and she loves Reggie of course
because she's a big greyhound lover and
she went to Battersea Dogs and cats home
and decided to get a lurch and she fell
in love with it yesterday and then she's
picking it up today so feeling nice and
limbered up I am on my way home
completely necessary a purchase venti
iced green tea my all-time favorite
drink
oh so I'm home now and just had a shower
and I feel a lot better if you're
wondering where Aslan is he is gone he's
actually hanging out with my friend Zach
and Marnie who I think you met in the
vlog late last week and they're going
around to different camera stores and
thank God they were like oh yeah you
don't have to come if you don't want I
was like okay because I'm like not
interested in looking at cameras today
so I think they're going to come back
here so I'm trying to tidy up just a
little bit I'm not I'm not like doing
anything Craig Craig because I have a
little bit lazy it's so hot outside and
so nice outside I think we're just gonna
have a kind of chilled out day we might
have a barbecue
versus there's a rat equipment I'm going
to be meeting Zack ammonium which you
guys remember from our last vlog the
wash they are friends from Canada and
over here for summer and actually both
photographers they mentioned that last
one well why not
cameras abundantly second one there so
here we are now exactly back there so I
think we're gonna grab a quick juice a
juicing what woody may tweak like a
juice club I'm going to paint a bit
Express and then first place we're gonna
go to the British Museum because there's
like three or four camera shops around
there so you know might as well just
tackle the big stuff first so here we
are in Bedford Square look at this this
is like a really funky little I think
this is a to do with the architectural
Association they normally put something
up here but it looks like a like icicles
of some sort you know kind of cool
what does that made out of oh those
stones okay I see it looks like you know
you know what it might be it might be
like like a like a natural cooling
device like when it rains these fill up
with water and then they come them I
don't know why you want to cool when
it's raining though like you know maybe
somebody comes along and fills it up
with water or something so we find out
that zach has never been in the British
Museum so we're gonna go in there just
to go in the courtyard because you know
he has to experience the courtyard it is
really nice
so here it is the big old courtyard
needs to be open and they built this
fancy himself
so money is a big fan of the Rosetta
Stone and she did she taught she
informed us that it's here I have no
idea this guy what is this guy though
he's not an amputee sure why is that
happening
he can't see there is something
so nevertheless though we wouldn't have
known about the money's all that cool
stuff and we're out again so onwards to
the camera stores so we're coming up to
the first of the camera shops this one
is called aperture and this is the
British Museum branch they specialize in
Hasselblad and they used to the Nick on
stuff but I think they moved the Nick on
stuff but it looks like it's closed
oh my god oh no
so apparently opens a half an hour which
is too keen we're just like to keen
beans the camera huh but fine it's
called a camera cafe no longer aperture
oh you can see it's all got the old logo
top so it's kind of half and half all
right well should we go to the other
ones and then we've gone
number two's camera city on little
Russell Street these guys actually if
you're looking for camera repairs in
London these guys are the best I've
found they're very reasonable prices so
the owner has been kind enough to let us
film inside so you can have a look lots
of there's got a smaller seventies
eighties rangefinders here got your
Canon stuff and this Rowley flexes to
your lies yeah very well stocked okay
shot number two is your camera on Barry
place well you can see these guys on the
outside they actually specialize a lot
of Nikon and Canon SLR gear so more
claimed I think at a professional market
so if you do find yourself looking for
some good quality kind of Nikon lenses
this is a good place and just off this
little courtyard off that Street use
your cameras there there is plastic
camera now classic camera a bit more
high-end they specialize in like a stuff
so they do they were like a dealer so if
you want a new like but they also do
quite a few second I don't like good
things I've got this nice kind of old
like assigned we've got some Leica ones
in a shop window Ciel
like a baby 7s a lot expand so here's
the inside they've got lots of brand-new
like stuff here they've got the
secondhand stuff but it's not just like
they've got high-end Sony gear and Fuji
stuff as well so if you like range
finders even faux digital range finders
this is the points there's a really
historical stuff like this er it's a
cool like a100 Marni's located this
shelf called pretty small shoes for the
smaller footed lady plus so so here we
came back to aperture and it is open up
a little bit later on like a 12 ish so
here we are inside aperture and these
guys are the Hasselblad kings so this is
like a whole row of medium-format Hersey
stuff and lenses the
they're really kind of short bodies I
have the mirror but yes if you're
looking for that hassle that stuff this
is this is a place just gonna do a
really quick paint job this is ESI's
fear or desire it's a nice bright orange
so I'm just gonna do a really quick coat
of that I can't actually reach the top
of the door to leave the door open you
know what I mean so I have to take one
of Aslan's shoes and just shove it under
here so that the wind doesn't blow it
closed oh yeah short people problems
fries surprise I'm editing again I was
editing so late last night and I'm not
complaining I actually like editing I
know a lot of people are like oh editing
is like so boring I actually really like
it because I'm trying to learn how to do
different things you know but I was
honestly shocked that I couldn't finish
editing this video so I'm almost done
now I'm watching it through right now
it's my get ready for summer video it's
going to be up on my channel today by
the time you see it it's already up I
worked really hard on this video so I
hope everybody likes it so I'm just
going to go through it right now
so here we are back at home now old
camera camera it out and then go regi oh
thank goodness they saw and over to the
camera now we've got some vlog ception
going on here so thankfully for me
they just got home and said that they
were hungry so let's get some grub in
the tongue once again we find ourselves
at Borough Market it's just food make
sure I'm not gonna get killed here oh
yeah oh actually almost did get killed
just getting some vegetable produce the
stuff is good I think it's all organic
and it looks very bright and delish as
for normal I got myself a delicious hot
dog oh my gosh I just love this
sauerkraut it is gonna hit the spot
and I meet and
yeah oh yeah I'm like the flak post
Thursday I know
well but more importantly its bottom and
her boyfriend's here we go
so 14th anniversary Congrats guys
we're just about to get going again but
I realized I haven't done an outfit of
the day this is a really simple outfit
but you can't even see my cool necklace
this is from cause and I think it is so
scandi candy you know what I mean so I'm
just bringing a black t-shirt from
Topshop and these are really like loose
casual shorts from a sauce I just like
that airy-fairy kind of feeling and they
have quite a cool pattern on them I
don't even know what the pattern is it's
like floral and I'm wearing my cos bag
Reggie and my typical sandals which are
also from a sauce we are now going to a
what's it called contemporary garden
shows and sack and that's exactly what
it is it's called grow I think and I
don't really know what you expect I'm
expecting plants and expecting flowers
and explains what I'm expecting outdoor
things but I'm excited to go I keep
seeing advertisements on the tube and
stuff so we have made it to grow London
it looks like a massive like greenhouse
or something I don't know it looks
pretty cool I have no idea what to
expect later that but look at these
beautiful blue skies that's so pretty so
here we are there's the entrance we
walked in and how many definitely like a
smaller space than the like what a lot
faster so that big so I'm sorry I think
it's a little bit more accessible than a
surfs good
and it looks like this point a few big
French stuff right now but yeah let's
walk around we'll have a look-see
I found some terrariums this length is a
cube and there's a kind of a I don't
know what that what's that shape cool
and was Pentagon on the side but I don't
know what the 3d versions for but yeah
this is the urban botanist so I know a
few of you have asked where we got ours
we get ours from
people in Russia but if you want to get
them in London you have an buffers I
just purchased some soap from this place
I don't know how you say it
corny so pre I believe it's Scottish I
could be making that up but I got a
peppermint one and metal one which is
good for exam a and a bog myrtle one
which is apparently a plant native to
Scotland have you heard about bog myrtle
pots are like expecting more cacti as
well but it's still nice pretty flowers
and stuff but now we're just walking
down here there's like this little is
this a bog it's a pond it's nice
something about the water it's just kind
of calming it's an I don't know what it
is but it's nice look at all these
beautiful people hanging out by the pond
in the sunshine it's beautiful day to do
it
yeah Hampstead Heath so here for
interested in coming too late by a pond
temps to keep is the place for you I
would love to come back here actually so
we're back home now and have a little
barbecue later but first we're going to
take Reggie for a walk all four of us
and I need to film an outfit for the
summer trilogy video so that should be
interesting closing in front of people
ever see me pose it's kind of awkward
but you know it's fine so I got this
thing basically what it is this is only
one part of it but it's a long lead with
a nice stringy stretchy thing yeah so
that you can put this little thing in
the ground this is huge quarry yes into
the ground and then you can attach this
and essentially let's Reggie roam around
whilst we're busy filming or whatever
it's got this nice corkscrew bit which
means that the Frenchy does run
something it doesn't like which you
won't anyway
so whilst this day is posing which she
said we're not allowed to show up I'll
do a quick oh there you go
we managed to get read you on this on
this leash so the leashes right here
it's going to be an anti tangle leash
fairly long goes and here is the
corkscrew and it's pretty solid like I
don't think you're building I mean sack
was really working the screwing and then
pumping it popping it on his se button
posing donor reveal the outfit you know
just blogging with a camera we've got
quite the feast this looks like chicken
and and something this is on some
barbecue sauce and oh my look at this
this is like a very meaty feast I was
just saying hamburgers bacon are the
bacon for the burgers yeah hot dogs and
steak and buns zach is over here
I'm putting the man to work making a
salad that looks really good whoa
okay here we go dinner is served let's
enjoy this feast together so I stays hot
at work I'm do this this is there I'm
just joking joking how did the barbecued
go guys did you like it yeah you sure
okay alright okay so we're all done with
dinner and we're just watching football
or soccer I know you just said Ghana and
Germany I can see all this are you
distort about the fact that England have
been kicked out even before they got out
of the group stages never thought about
it Oh
you I'm on the store it kills me
pains me deep in my heart I mean I don't
like it obviously I would want them not
to but I didn't know that until you told
me anyway we will see you in a couple of
days bye bye bye okay this is a definite
keeper we have hit the winner here I
absolutely love this it's like this cool
palm tree print and then your skirt has
like some major sex appeal with these
little holes there let's not get too
sexy opener you don't say but yeah I
think that's really nice so we are on a
rule
