good morning everybody it's another
balloon day sorry I was like what what
am I supposed to be saying right now I
just been getting ready because I'm
actually off to a gigas you can call an
event with by Terry you probably have
heard of that brand before and there's
like a little breakfast thing I've never
met Terry before so I'm pretty excited I
mean I think she's gonna be there I
don't really know but more importantly
Amelia will be there and I'm really
excited to see Amelia and in fact it was
your birthday
so I have her birthday present with me
that I have to give to her really quick
outfit of the day before I leave I just
thought I would show you because I think
this is like something kind of different
but kind of the same you know I'll try
to come a little closer here just got my
camera as my little thing here I'm not
making sense
okay my hair is still wet I'm hoping
it's going to dry I'm just thinking it's
going to dry on the tube because I'm
trying not to use heat on it on days
that I don't necessarily have to and
this top is from H&M my necklace is this
coppery one it's from cause which I
really like it's kind of like dainty but
you can still kind of see it did I say
this top is from H&M I am so obsessed
with this skirt oh it feels like it has
pockets but it doesn't it's from Topshop
it's kind of got this like panel along
the sides and then same on the back and
there's a zip at the back I just love
this skirt and then my regular boots
these little suede booties which are
from ASOS so that is the overall
completed look I don't know if this is
like too puffy at the back the shirts
kind of big but I'm rolling with it you
know whatever it's working for me
all Reggie always lays by the door when
he knows that I'm leaving Aslan's not
here either so he said don't worry I'll
be back soon okay we have liftoff people
I have confirmed with Amelia I am going
to be meeting her by the Lions in
Trafalgar Square so I better get
cracking because I should have been
there well I should be there in 10
minutes but that's definitely not going
to happen so I need to do something
about the shoe situation do you think we
have enough shoes to be fair they're
almost all mine actually it's kind of
even
I won't I won't go through this right
now but it's even
I'm in Trafalgar Square however I cannot
locate fam√≠lia repair she's quite tiny
but it wasn't expecting it to be a
needle in a haystack girl so I found
Amelia we met under the big blue car
that's what we did
so they're going to take a little selfie
and then go in but Amelia Ferg like kids
we thank you yeah I had it like I said
in the blog that I had it I put on the
city table I didn't wreck it
so happy to get you soon oh god I'm
giving you a hug you hang on yeah don't
touch it back having you up attached so
here's the exhibition it's not actually
in the National Gallery I mean it's part
of it but this is like a separate
building and it's called making colour
so I think we'll get to go see the
exhibition as well so here are some new
products these look like the tittie
chondros according to Amelia she's
vlogging kind of so this is the yellow
collection so we're all done now we saw
the new products we also went to making
colour exhibition which is a media tool
we did a very quick sweetie to wear a
sling would not approve guys for sure
but it was an exhibition anyway it was
like a little more old school than we
were it'd be a we could be much more
like an order yeah but it's good so now
I think we're going to part ways
say goodbye and good good vibes until
next week oh yeah we'll be at VidCon
yeah so I tweeted this last night that I
was going to VidCon but I'm going to
VidCon and I'm like I'm not taking you
Amelia is coming as well you probably
fit but does I know you when I say how
small your no but you'll take height as
me I'm not anyway so we're gonna wrap it
up for now I almost swallowed outro
later I'm at home now
and I'm just reading through Twitter and
um there's a blogger named Ari her blog
is really read and she just tweets oMG
loved the new by Terry makeup and
fragrance but entirely distracted by the
perfection that is se buttons eyeliner
girl you flatter me he flattered me so
much it's really funny we were standing
like in a circle chatting Andry was like
saying how much she loved my eyeliner so
that's really nice it always makes you
feel good
somebody compliments your eyeliner but
the secret to the eyeliner is the Kat
Von D tattoo whatever liner I've blogged
about it I've spoken about it it's the
shiz it's the best eyeliner ever I mean
I never I used to do winged eyeliner
almost every single day then I stopped
for like probably stopped for almost a
year and I'm completely back into it I
love doing winged liner now especially
that I have the Kat Von D one I do like
it more than the steel one just putting
it out there putting it out there
putting it out there so if you're
interested in getting like a nice winged
liner and you don't know which one to go
for I would highly recommend the Kat Von
D ink liner tattoo ink liner yeah I
reread it recently on my blog so you can
check it out my main man is sleeping oh
I woke him up he's so cute he really
likes sleep under the coffee table like
he's not really under it right now but
normally he is I think this is
tortellini can't be sure but I had some
of this leftover so I'm just going to
add some parmigiano parmesan however you
say it cheese parmesan parmesan parmesan
could be anything and I'm gonna have a
little snack starting to rain I think I
might go put my jeans on because it's
cold anyway I am off to Topshop because
I have a personal shopping appointment
it sounds very fancy but anybody can do
it
and I booked an appointment sometimes it
takes a while to get an appointment I
booked mine a couple of weeks ago but
because I'm going to VidCon I want to
have a couple of summertime outfits I
don't really have that many summer
pieces I have a couple but you know I
just want to have some variety and I
think I mentioned this before on the
vlog channel basically what you do is
you book your appointment you tell them
like your style icons and what sort of
vibe you want to go for and you can say
like oh I've got this event coming up
I'm looking for this type of dress like
bubbeleh and what I did I just said oh
I'm going to be in LA and it's gonna be
hot and I'm looking for like casual
smart ish kind of clothes and they just
pull clothes from Topshop and you try
them on in like a fancier room and they
go get all of your sizes and everything
so it just kind of takes the stress out
of shopping this sounds like a
commercial but seriously I am obsessed
with this personal shopping thing so
anyway the appointment
an hour-and-a-half and hopefully I can
get some good outfits while I'm there
I'm really excited I hope hope my girl
Monique can hook me up I'm just heading
out now but I'm just I can't leave this
guy is so cute oh my gosh the way he
sleeps on that pillow makes me die in a
good way there you know you can't really
see what's going on because it's so dark
and it started raining but I'm just
trying the same top but I changed into
my black jeans and these are my sandals
so I better get crackin
mama I don't know if I'll have to blog
in here but I'm just doing anyway I'm
just going to whisper of the girl who's
helping me today her name is Amber
actually she recognized me she follows
me on Instagram which is quite cool
because I've been here before anyway
this is the room
so you can see it's very chic I just
want to roll around on this carpet and
then here are a couple of selections
obviously I'm not going to get all of
the stuff but I'm gonna just try it on
okay here's one of the outfits really
liked it I'm not sure if you're supposed
to tuck this in or what's going on there
but I think it's really cute Safari chic
as she called it okay this is a definite
keeper we have hit a winner here I
absolutely love this it's like this cool
palm tree print and then the skirt has
like some major sex appeal with these
little holes there let's not get too
sexy open area or zone but yeah I think
that's really nice so we are on a rule
even these shorts are super super cute
they're like khaki I don't normally go
for the tummy action but yeah i think i
think the shorts are really cute
probably not with this top but you know
great success
whoo Reggie has seen a cat he's like I
am NOT leaving this spot Frankie it's
quite a bit later now it's almost seven
o'clock and I can't lie I was like on
the bed as I'm was typing and doing some
emails and I fell asleep did she do
goodnight took a little accidental nap
surprise surprise it's like mostly it
was only for like 15 minutes though yeah
I feel great now
yeah ultimately sleep that well Aslan
was mad because he fell asleep before me
that I turned on these like rain sounds
like a thunderstorm why did I realize it
was rain science but it was like static
sound sound like a static TV sound I was
like boy plays thanks yeah I wanted to
call myself dancers like rain sounds
like this but I liked it anyway I'm kind
of hungry now are you um no I just had
like a half a baby spill to me wow that
should be enjoyable later on this
evening not on time so I think I might
go find myself a snack and my snack I
mean dinner I hate eating dinner late
there's always like controversy in
people's videos where they're like oh
we're eating dinner so late and it's
like five o'clock because I'm one of
those people who eats dinner at like
five o'clock and any later I'm not
interested because it's too late and the
main reason for that is because I eat
lunch pretty early at like 11:00 or
12:00 and then I get hungry at 5:00 so
I'm not I can't wait till 7:00 dinner
and also I thought it was better for
your metabolism for you to eat dinner
earlier I think it is generally better
to have dinner like around 6:00 o'clock
no problem lazy yeah like some people
have dinner at 7:30 or 8:00 and that is
crazy to me they're like swishing and
someone's me a little dinner looking
home okay and this summer is different
because you're kind of like not really
on a schedule as much but what I'm
trying to say is I'm hungry right now
I just eat when I'm hungry which is 24/7
Reggie's getting a major petting right
now look at his feet he's loving it
loving it
I don't know why I'm painting on the
rest of his body it's kind of weird but
yeah he's cute yes I am massage my head
I am Sir Reginald and I demand a head
massage
up close and personal energy basic stop
it embed me okay oh wow what a beautiful
mess I meant that in a nice way
oh yes yeah that's a blog you know a
beautiful mess what are these doing just
shrimps in the sink I just missed him
that bridge is like shrews uh-oh what's
happening it's not very funny just made
myself a little salad and I feel like
having some vegetables and it's just
really carrots and a couple different
types of lettuce and balsamic vinegar
and olive oil
simples whoo la la even added a few
pomegranates into the mix that looks
delish
Azlan was really kind and peeled peels
would you say extracted extracted the
rest of the pomegranate seeds for me
because I suck at getting them I even
pretty good John I think you know it's
something that you're gonna get better
with practice
yeah but I don't want to practice I just
like when you do it because you're so
good and fast at it one day I'll be the
master be able to get that abstraction
in under ten seconds I guarantee Wow
so my salad was really good I devoured
the entire thing didn't I yeah it was
really good I would definitely have that
again normally I put chicken in it but I
think it's actually better without
chicken tastes better without me I think
it's because you can really taste the
flavors of the vegetables like you can
really taste it whereas like the chicken
you just usually just taste the chicken
you know anyway on a different note um
I'm just going to be answering some
emails doing stuff like that I have as
you know I'm going to VidCon so I've got
to get my videos like pre film before I
leave and time is of the essence here
people I'm not sure if I can get it done
but hopefully I'll be able to it is time
to make the tea time to make the tea
time to make the tea I should have a
good chance this is really difficult
oh wow your guys you say
better my teapot whoo these things
making excited now take it back this is
really interesting isn't it turn it on
everybody likes that sound
should I keep doing it I'll stop as you
can see I've got these um rotten bananas
and I was going to make banana bread or
banana muffins with these but I'm really
not feeling up to it right now honestly
I'm gonna probably just do it tomorrow
probably one of time tomorrow morning
but maybe if I get up early enough I can
do it tomorrow morning so yeah I had the
butter out which was softening but it's
not gonna happen
not today maybe tomorrow now what the
hell is going on here did I break this
I'm rocking out with the Yorkshire gold
now I well I've had one cup of this
before but I really love Yorkshire gold
it's so strong I really like my tea to
be strong and it's really tasty I don't
I don't know if it's my favorite but I
really like this and I like Queen John
at tea but this is really good I for me
the stronger the better okay the water
is hot and ready let's pour this in now
I like to let this steep for a few
minutes seriously like like I said the
stronger the better and I really do mean
that I am completely obsessed with the
soundtrack of The Fault in Our Stars it
just keeps bringing back those memories
honestly it's like it's just too much
for me oh my laptop is really dirty and
I'm touching it even more so sorry about
that I don't know what my favorite song
is from the soundtrack but I think it's
this one I've probably played this the
most and I just love it letting in I
also like oblivion but they're all nice
I mean they just remind me of the movie
I just like it so here's my tea
oops camera's orange I'm just going to
continue cracking on with these emails
so it's getting kind of late I think I
will wrap it up and I will see you in
the next balloon bye bye bye whoa whoa
whoa
is this man hung over before will
yourself whoa whoa whoa how are we
