good morning and welcome back to balloon
I'm wearing my disguise today my sexy
glasses I am feeling I'm feeling like I
need teeth
I need the tea and I need a nap right
now this very second as soon as I get
home I'm putting that kettle on anyway
just walking Reggie the reason I'm
wearing my glasses today is because
yesterday I was on the computer for
probably like 10 hours possibly 11 hours
possibly more just like editing videos
and stuff because I've got like all
these videos I'm doing and yeah so I was
on the computer a lot because I've been
trying to plan and like pre film things
because of something exciting that may
be happening later in the month um
hint hint take a guess what could it be
sorry I'm not more enthusiastic I'm just
like I just woke up
anyway so I've gotta wear my glasses
because my eyes are so red and feels so
strained okay Reggie's pooping BRB
anyway yeah my eyes are really strained
and red and stinging and burning so I
need to have my glasses on I should have
been wearing that yesterday but I should
write them every time I use the computer
but I just don't you know those
teenagers are making out back there
again and it's making me feel
uncomfortable I'm like a little clump
today just so yeah I'm gonna sneeze
because there's all of this cotton wood
is this enough complaining to me this is
me in the morning came gonna try to perk
up and be more positive I just need that
tea first good let's go good boy
oh yeah teatime I've never been so
excited to drink this cup of amazingness
put the lid on there you go my little
cup of tea steeping update on the
unpasteurized milk
I couldn't even try it it like totally
grossed me out because there was clumps
in it
and I just I just couldn't I was never
one of those kids who grew up drinking
milk like I would never have a glass of
milk or chocolate milk but you know
that's another story so yeah I think for
me to branch out into like thicker
clumpy or milk is probably never gonna
happen cuz I don't even like milk that
much but I still want to watch the
documentary I'm just about to upload my
video with sana and I'm making the
little still for it so if anybody cares
I've just made a new layer I don't know
if this is the right way to go about
doing it was how do it and then I get
this little tool here it's the Eclipse
tool okay and then I go like this until
I'm like oh that's about the right size
I let it go and that's what I'll put the
writing in and what I do then is change
the opacity to something that's gonna
you know you see how it's changing like
that so just want like a little color I
don't want it to be like too blue all
right is this interesting to anybody
yeah probably not
okay then I take the text tool and then
I don't know if the title is but that's
when I'll put the texting all right like
oh and book time or whatever I'm gonna
call this video and that's how I do my
stills
okay that is what we're going with easy
reads featuring books and quills okay I
think it is time to take this lid off
it's been steeping for a while I'm just
gonna take that out
sorry it's hot and then try to match it
up quickly and see that actually oh no
someone over but usually it just stays
in the cup so there is my tea
and add some milk I'm alive I'm alive so
I had that all planned out in my head
and it sounded a lot funnier I was a
fail anyway I'm just uploading this
video now and I'm going to reply to some
emails I should probably shower at some
point but I'm choosing not to I'm
choosing to be an aztlán study and
really work in it you know really stink
it up with my Bo okay I'm gonna need to
snap out of it
I might snap out in a couple hours it's
not even 9:00 a.m. I'm allowed to be
like this until 9:00 a.m. so I've got 10
more minutes to snap out of this okay
I'm feeling a little more alive I had a
shower and I'm not wearing much makeup
I'm just got a some foundation on and my
concealer and a little bit of brow gel
because I'm going out later tonight and
I'm gonna like do I don't know I just
didn't want to put my mascara on and
then like then you've got to fiddle
around trying to get the winged liner
over the mascara and it's a big mess so
I'm saving my eyes to do winged liner
later and if you're wondering where
we're going I'm actually very very very
excited okay let me get the actual name
of what this is called so tonight we are
going to The Fault in Our Stars gala
premiere okay I am so excited that we
got invited to go so yeah it's the
premiere of the movie in the UK I think
and I read the book of course and it's
just you know I'm really excited to go
so I've got to think of something to
wear I mean what do you wear to a gala I
don't think it's super super dressy but
it's in a nice hotel and you know I want
to look presentable you know not not
like a ball gown but you know what I'm
saying so that is why I'm saving my face
because I want to like rest the eyes you
know anyway I'm just replying to some
emails and I'm trying to get this done
as quick as possible because I've got to
start filming a video later today and
it's for my summer trilogy so I still
haven't actually had breakfast and it's
10:30 but I just had
taeo no II don't we have a lot of food
in the fridge so yeah also this sweater
see this I got this yesterday at cause
it was 50% off I actually went in to
cause a couple of weeks ago and they had
this sweater and I loved it and I wanted
it so much but they did them my size so
I didn't get it and then I went back in
yesterday and it was 50% off so I was
like shooing and you really shouldn't
see my hip thrust there and I'm gonna
try to like scavenge for some food and
then I mean we do have I could probably
make a smoothie but I'm just far too
lazy for that far too lazy I'm just
typing up a blog post and blog post and
I was on Twitter and I saw that zoe AKA
zoella AKA the queen of the internet
just signed a book deal with penguin and
zoe if you're watching i already tweeted
you but i just want to say a massive
congratulations that is freaking
incredible of Siyad i just get so
excited for other people i feel like
it's happening to me but it's not it's
not but I'm getting emotional what is
wrong with me I have no control of my
emotions but seriously Zoe I just want
to say big congratulations you go girl
take over the world do you thank Earl I
don't know I just became a rapper but
yes that is awesome a really nice
healthy meal of instant noodles for
lunch
I really was not kidding when I said we
had no food we really don't so instant
noodles it is and they are damn good so
I'm really an uneven character so pretty
good I am pretty much done it's 1
o'clock with what I was doing the for
typing up the ball goes doing the emails
and whatnot and if you're interested in
my new perfume and he saw me on Twitter
it's the dipti geranium stuff I am
obsessed check out my new blog post
because seriously if you like the sounds
of minty florally musky goodness you
will love it and I'm gonna have my lunch
now if you don't mind
time to take Reggie around the block
let's go where are my keys
here they are okay let's go when people
tell me that I'm an organized person
this is what I want you to look at
remember because I am NOT I am a very
very messy individual why are there two
chairs here I honestly am pretty
organized I would say I would call
myself the semi organized person but
this room is just always chaotic because
well I had sauna and marién over to
film and I just haven't had like a
chance to even tidy this up at all so it
is a disaster but uh yeah don't judge me
I feel like I've been slightly m.i.a in
today's vlog but that's just because
I've been filming this whole time
Reggie's eating his dinner
he's starving Marvin so I am I'm gonna
be running late for time so let's see
it's four o'clock now I've got a pretty
much be ready by 5:30
maybe earlier I've got a walk Reggie
I've gotta comb my hair and I've passed
and I have to do my makeup so I might go
curl my hair now or should I do my
makeup now okay makeup complete now I'm
gonna go walk Reggie and yeah I'm rockin
the clip people I'm rockin the clip
whoa whoa whoa who is this man hung
yourself we look like a power couple
and Reggie's all dolled up not really
yeah he's all looking good in the suit
yeah yeah he's got a tiger suit so as
you can tell we are ready to roll I
don't know to think this is Gala
appropriate when I got on I'm sure what
he could never be able to dress this
thing
no but I'm not underdressed no no I told
us one that I was gonna wear black and
white like check trousers and he's like
no that's horrible I was skeptical but
they look good but then as soon as he
came home and saw me in the news like I
was like and he was like I was like so
what do you think this perfume now
they're gone from there
good barium or the herbarium radium
ringing there hey do you like it yeah so
correct so good just to do a really
quick more specific look at my outfit
this is from Zara this necklace I've
worn it before the tank top is from
Topshop this white blazer is also from
Topshop the trousers are from Topshop
and the sandals are from ASOS so they're
really cute
now I'll link all that stuff down below
where's your outfit from sir are you
head to toe cause right now that's been
all I'm head to toe cuz yeah you look
great cause shadows even the shoes are
cause you in the shoes are cause ya
lookin good I'm hungry
you are yeah okay there's going to be
nipples nipples are saying to say like
you know can you ever have too many
nibbles no probably not probably not
yeah I'm always the person who's like I
don't like to eat nibbles at these
things cuz I never know what perhaps a
hole if they taste good although it's
happening if they don't taste good it's
not and then that people like walk
around with a little serviette yeah so
I'd like to eat beforehand to have a
drink course do this I know and if I if
I was more coordinated I think it'd be a
lot easier for me yeah ponder the drink
and their blood the same with their
blood is mine and I can I can just
picture Reggie at a party just feeling
miss with a glass of wine and a nibble
in the other end
yeah so we just got to the premiere and
there are like a crazy amount of people
if you can see here let's see all these
people and I ran into these to watch my
videos that's really cool I feel like
I'm just starting oh thanks so much
what are your names I didn't as oh hi
guys so it's really cool to meet them
and I feel like I'm like one of the
actors but I'm not I'm not friends and
then although it is a love story it's
they're best friends and Jamie and I are
also really really close friends maybe
even best friends so to deliver a movie
I'm an emotional wreck I am like in that
actual emotional wreck it was so amazing
I mean I've loved it as well yeah I was
really I was for certain I don't really
get into that kind of you know sappy
sort of movie stuff but it was very nice
I have to say I enjoyed yeah and he had
never read the book
and I I read the book first and I loved
the movie and I thought he was a
perfection it could it couldn't have
been better but good translation all
those hard-hitting moments were just
perfect oh my gosh so I just want to say
a big thank you to rosianna who invited
us I will link her channel down below
and yeah just amazing movie go see it
just go so good it's so good I'm gonna
go up and cry for like three weeks now
that mr. green well done making a man
who never cries yeah it was pretty cool
actually because we run John's guestlist
yeah yeah I was like oh so that was
quite cool cuz like we're friends across
CNN who works with John so John say I
think we're gonna head home now I have
to pee so bad
okay we're home now I'm still feeling
all the feelings and all the emotions Oh
are you another thing though before we
leave is we met so many viewers who were
at the premiere as well I guess I guess
people like won tickets or something I
don't know like how that happened you
could buy tickets to go in I'm not sure
but lots of you guys were there after
the theater watching the movie crying
along with us and you came up to say hi
to us which is really awesome and really
cool so thanks to everybody said hi I
wrap it up yep
we will see you all this time bye bye
guys have a good one I'm pretty tired so
yeah I'm gonna be calling a night now
okay
I'll be seeing you around yeah seen a
couple of days stay tuned for more
balloon hey yeah I said goodbye already
you still here okay see ya oh no you're
still here
you still here what do you want I said
bye good night
right now but everyone is just like
