good morning everybody it is blown taken
an extra balloon day what are we doing
right now I'm thinking breakfast time
it's almost 10 o'clock on a Sunday
morning I've already showered and tell
my makeup and everything which is
shocking Wow something very shocking
so is Reggie he's already showered that
is makeup Tiger team I want a cup of tea
please
I don't know what we're gonna have for
dinner
or for dinner for breakfast but I know
we've got a big ol bowl of strawberries
in here and I think these need to be
promptly eaten so we ran out of tea
yesterday as you know Oh God look what I
got
oh York chef yeah I've never had
Yorkshire tea that's loosely what shut
up oh my god how I feel about that right
now
oh okay we'll make a pot we're having so
anyway but you know this is the thing
for some reason when I buy something and
I think it's one thing and I get home
and it's the other thing I get so mad
like it happens all the time I'm like I
remember going started reading at new
life no these are definitely bagged and
nope it's loose okay I actually think we
just like tea tastes better but it's
just more of a hassle that's okay
everything is all good I'm okay okay so
here's our breakfast strawberries and
here's our pot of tea and some toast
over there nothing too special Aslan's
making his toast over there so yeah
let's get this party started
another market today it's a food market
because well isn't the only reason but
I've got a couple of friends coming over
friends oh god friends just like no you
don't so my friend sauna and my friend
Marian are coming over and I'm actually
gonna be filming a couple videos with
Sanne she's got a YouTube channel it's
called books and quills and yeah so
that's what's happening anyway I want to
have some snackage for them yeah like
they're coming over at 4 o'clock and I
have to feed these people you know so
yeah we're going there but at the moment
I'm more concerned about cleaning this
place up because it's an
flute tip and I've got laundry on the go
and so I'm gonna go do the laundry and
try to Hoover that's British for vacuum
I call these your heart pajamas because
they're like sexy pajamas I don't know
what they're not like comfortable like
flannels they are really comfortable
that's it they're like oh I'm like a
bachelor and I live in like a penthouse
or something so I don't know who you're
trying to impress this is a good thing
with greyhounds they lean their big
leaners so if they're like sometimes I'm
just forcing myself on them now but
sometimes if we're standing somewhere
he'll just lean on me like that and it's
it's actually so comforting we love you
Ridge
we're slightly obsessed with you
sometimes when I'm doing laundry I think
to myself when did I get so responsible
when did this happen
I doubt anybody cares what kind of
cleaning things I use but this is what I
really like it's the method
multi-surface non-toxic surface cleaner
Carolee see you can see that I've used
tons of this because I love it and it
smells like grapefruit they've got lots
of different sense but method is really
great as like sort of a natural cleaner
so what I do is I just spray it all over
the table like this and then I just wipe
it off and yeah I just like it I don't
like using really harsh chemicals
especially on something like a kitchen
table because then if something drops on
the table and you end up eating it or
something then you know you're faced
with a predicament there I don't know I
just rather go the more natural route
okay it's time to mop now if anybody's
curious we use this mop it's the VAX
bare floor Pro it's a steam mop that's
why we like it because obviously our
floors are white so they get very very
dirty so we probably mopped about I
don't know twice a week so you just wait
for it to heat up and you press this
trigger and then steam comes out whoo
here's another brand I'm absolutely
obsessed with cleaning product wise this
is Myers and I ordered tons of their
stuff online
I absolutely rich I absolutely love what
I've tried so far but if anybody knows
of a place in London that I can actually
buy these in real life instead of online
let me know but this is a room freshener
and I actually plan to spray some on to
this little mat because it's where
Reggie eats and it smells like dog food
and I might spray a little bit on his
bed as well this is all natural so yeah
oh yeah I'm cracking the whip we're just
gonna take Reggie around the block
before we leave put your collar on Kali
time come on
it seems to be a party happening and
Reggie's down to party
Reggie got a new toy a caterpillar loves
it that is so cute
oh so cute to see Reggie carrying this
caterpillar home so I mentioned a couple
of days ago in a vlog fat see our
neighbors we're having like a little
jumble sale with like all their old toys
and stuff so they were kind of expecting
Reggie to go because they really liked
Reggie and we obviously bought him this
caterpillar
and the best part is was only five feet
and Reggie love it is unfortunately
there were no dogs allowed so I passed
Reggie two caterpillars through the
fence and he's just like he's looking
right now give it back
as proof Megan is a 5 PT price tag it's
a good deal you know you wanted okay
should we get going
yeah we best go now we're about like two
hours behind schedule I would say it's
12 o'clock now and yeah we should go
also I'm looking super casual and kind
of weird just got my coat on this blouse
thing trainers so I'm ready to go so
we've made it to the market this is
Alexandra Palace Palace market yeah well
the farmers market Alexandra Palace okay
hey Ally Pally there's a big pile
carosone yeah he keeps calling it Ally
Pally
anyway I think this is just like a food
market they might give out their stuff I
don't I've never been here before but
yeah we're just walking with this nice
little forest it smells like green right
I'm not talking about marijuana oh look
look at that big mushroom what I see a
big I'm totally kidding I don't know
what's going on anyway let's go see what
kind of goodies we can find
right so this is the market not as big
as we suspected but we still should be
able to find some good stuff look at
that dog probably can't see him but he's
cute we're indulging in a chocolate chip
cookie splitting it is it good that's
very good yes they can't help us so she
got another bucket I've got a very full
bag over here and we have some nice
lovely music
so we're heading home now but most
interestingly I got this raw organic
dairy to your door
basically it's unpasteurized milk this
is actually semi skin yeah I've never
tried unpasteurized milk before Aslan
has so I'm interested in trying and a
guy who was selling this said that
there's actually a documentary on
Netflix called the moon man oh the moon
man why would it be called the moon man
with its Moomin so I might actually
watch that I am really interested in
dairy and the dairy industry yeah should
we do a quick whole of what we got what
a few things I got this handmade soap a
little brand there but I got it's a good
almond an oat one bonus is a bill tongue
biltong this is some barbecue sauce I
got from this garlic farm guy who yeah
he loves garlic and so do i and I also
picked up this garlic mayonnaise oh oh
yes potatoes carrots what is all this
stuff you got some special dogs got like
a nice like good bug labs big money like
this is smoked garlic oh yeah
black garlic that's interesting okay
this is a bag of shrooms special kind of
mushrooms and as I've got this wild bat
to uh back to a fat hen never had that
before some eggs and lettuce Oh some
cookies I might actually have this right
now
it's got squash I have to eat it the
brownies use that hemp brownies met at a
hemp flour hemp oil hemp everything ten
funny I tried them they taste okay but
you can definitely taste it okay so if
you're wondering who these two beautiful
ladies are it is Sanne and Marian I kind
of briefly said that you were coming
over but yeah these are my two girls and
we're gonna be filming some videos
Reggie looks massive right now it looks
so big yeah it is so we've got a little
snack selection going so we've got
strawberries which I was really
discussing and put that back in there
I'm sorry I just like forget other
people are here and I don't know how to
behave anyway we've got this cheese now
is this the blue cheese that's not blue
and this these are samosas and tea and
the unpasteurized milk that they said
they're willing to try it I don't know
probably should not have that investment
yeah he said he said you're not allowed
to have it if you're pregnant because
something you get sick or something like
that but anyway okay we're all good here
they're all good okay
in the filming chairs now Sade are given
to our baby this will actually be up
soon on Tuesday yes because I'm a very
quick turnaround tight editing yeah so
we shall get started now Aslan's helping
us with the setup you know he does he
always helps me
so yeah cool doing Marian's makeup I've
never done anyone's makeup before I
tried to do my mom's makeup lesson that
was bad that was so bad so we shall see
how this goes yeah and then I'll be up
on that your joint channel which is
called der FINA mode I'll link that down
below and that should be relatively soon
so I've had a request to put in the clip
and they actually asked to find multiple
clips so I'm just filming these two
crazy girls and but yeah they're leaving
is what I'm saying that's why the coats
on yeah so the videos will be up soon
and bye guys I cannot handle this
cuteness already you're killing me right
now
a caterpillar oh my gosh I wanted to
show you this okay I I did some I got
some gifts today so the first gift is
from Marion and this is actually a
Christmas gift to me but we haven't seen
each other for a quite a while and this
is Bridget Jones diary and as you can
see it like it's a really interesting
cover look at this it is so cool I'm
sure lots of people have seen the movie
and I have read the book a long time ago
but I really want to read it again
because now that I actually live in
England I think I'll get a lot more of
the jokes and that's what Marian said
because you know she's American and she
lives in England as well and Sanne gave
me this amazing Greyhound brooch when I
saw that I was like that is so I'm gonna
have to put that on something I wear a
lot like a coat or a quote a quote
Canadian quote no I'm gonna do put on
like a sweater
something I wear all the time because
that is so cute so thanks a lot you guys
I love both of them so much they're gone
what are you even doing just pausing
even Sunday night yeah yeah so I think
we're going to end the vlog here it's
kind of late my spill to edit the entire
vlog yeah and yeah we will see you oh
I'm not bothering tomorrow but I'll see
it'll be at the every other day schedule
again now right so we will see you later
fine what's wrong raining yeah what what
is this it was the BBC weatherman Reggie
wants the bucket as well yeah
