good morning Reggie no you poor little
regia had a bit of a run-in with a scary
Doug this morning just thought we saw in
the lead but very aggressive like you
know growling a hair and stuff it's but
weird
I love these trees these leaves were
need to kind of transform recently but
look how dark and amazing color there is
they go really deep kind of blood
would've read everyone just realized
that I haven't actually loved today and
it's already 10:00 a.m. but I've just
been doing computer stuff now I'm just
typing up a blog post and then going to
do my makeup do my hair and then yeah I
think we're heading to the market and
I'm going to film another outfit for
this summer trilogy video Reggie's here
my main man
so yeah that just what I'm doing I'm
glad everybody's excited that we're
having like a balloon weekend that's
really cool I'm just reading the
comments on yesterday's blog okay so get
back to work now
whoa somebody got a new shirt yeah you
tell do what you just did what that
little move you just did just like yeah
so what's the plans well I think we're
gonna take this little guy to the pod
because he deserves it cuz he's a
perfect little boy he's like yeah but
it's gonna rain hopefully it's a little
bit great I had a look at the weather
forecast and it said it wasn't gonna
rain this could be a little bit great so
hopefully that's the case if I take it
to the pop and then we'll head out into
town maybe do a few things
yeah that's true I should probably dry
my hair and do my makeup and such but I
just finished doing this blog post
bloggers made me do it so if you're
interested to see what bloggers made me
do there it is strawberry time whoo
strawberry feels mr. Crouse human
strawberries a bit messy servin C the
vitamin C and strawberries one thing get
that calcium C in there Kal's didn't see
you so this is one of the Charlotte
Tilbury things I got yesterday and I
just want to show you this amazing
packaging because I just love it and I
can't I just have to show somebody so
you slide this out
yes sir it's hard to do with one hand
slide the other one out and then open it
up you can read that and then you open
it and it's like oh you open this up
like this and then BAM that's what I'm
talking about look at this beauty is a
Tom here wow really nice like hard
packaging so you've got like a bronzer
like contour color and a highlight color
so I will definitely be using this today
I think that is gorgeous
very nice we're having a little rave in
the kitchen but more importantly my
shoelaces are screwed so I call me daddy
anyway I've tried fixing these and I
can't cuz I'm like can you fix this an
athlet is taking joy what's the phrase
taking the reigns
yes so yeah we'll see if we can fix this
Reggie you excited we're gonna go to the
oh oh we're just waiting for our mother
to finish paying her nails quickly I
know I'm gonna smudge them but it kind
of goes with the outfit so nails must
always match the outfit just so you know
guys I'm personally wearing the own
natural Estee loves it and she just does
her nails cuz it means she can get me to
do everything for her she's like my
nails are wet just like yeah grab my
backpack put this inside to put that
inside it yeah you love it don't you
yeah any excuse to boss people around
Roger do you think that's fair do you
think edge very to the park Reggie but
quick quick quick we made it to the park
and we're just walking across this
little field here
I think Reggie's happy to be here
hey back out up with the buckets again
but it's raining yeah what what is this
it's like the BBC weatherman Richie
wants a bucket as well yeah so we're
just in a park again now and we were
gonna film my outfit for the summer
trilogy but it's just raining and
miserable outside and I mean it doesn't
really make sense it's gonna be a
summers trilogy it's like freezing and
rain in the rain so I was thinking I
might actually film this outfit indoors
so when we get home I don't know to
define but over here and there's like a
big group of people here singing I don't
know if you'll be able to hear but I
ain't know Reggie's also getting a
little sick of this weather yeah like my
shirts covered in raindrops that's not
gonna fly is it come on Reggie let's go
come on
so much for curling my hair this morning
we're so weird you're kind of close to
me right now I can't be close to my
loved one yes you can but I'm just
saying you're really leaning over that
couch okay weird way anyway we are going
I don't know we're looking into this
IMAX theater yeah I'm just wondering if
the it's not gonna be on another thing
what is honor Oh what are you looking
this is on now today yeah because I'm
hoping the gravity's too long but it's
probably not I have never been to an
IMAX theater I have been to one but
apparently it's not the same I don't
really know
also we ended up filming my outfit right
over there indoors yeah and yeah I was
saying to us when like I'm always
surprised at how long it actually takes
I think it took like an hour to film
like an entire outfit even though in the
video it's probably only gonna
like a two minutes snippet just cuz
you've got to like get all the shots and
change the tripod angle and stuff like
that but anyway we were gonna go do this
other thing go to this gallery and stuff
but we're kind of late because it's
already 2:30 and I don't know I think
we're both kind of feeling slightly more
relaxed today so I'm interesting we're
going to see something on IMAX I want to
see Maleficent okay keep your
so we're not just being too lazy couch
potatoes yeah we managed to squeeze on
those guys
Oh nobody asked me so what are the Pens
I think all times means covered a little
bit because it's yeah because the
weather I love it
for the degree plan you should meet my
pet back yeah so like these what
I don't know I don't know it'll mean the
weather is is a button I'm just the
weather just gets so great gets you down
gets you lazy gets you feeling like you
know yeah give up that for dinner
something yeah essence like totally
again said you've ever staying in there
you know when you get good feeling lazy
and you just cannot snap out of it
that's the mood I'm in okay if I could
just put on a hoodie and track pants and
a big thing of ice cream and watch
Netflix all night see your life of you
compete but I mean that plan has been
scuppered stuff we're going out for
dinner I'll need one are we going up for
doing IMAX yeah we're all set up
romantic than than the Emmys in the iron
yeah I'm gonna like sneak in what about
it look at a Sainsbury's and buy like
those pre-made chickens and just stick
it in me it's big it in my backpack no
that's like medieval times
it's hilarious
look at him
one thing I have noticed that Estee does
is the mouth font
and she never noticed it I think until
was no until recently so what do you
mind explaining okay mouths ours
basically when I smile air trapped air
escapes and makes a fart sound where's
the air trapped in my upper lip help
with it yeah like this late let's see if
I can I can't really do it on command
and when I do it for real it's like a
lot more subtle but I can't do it but as
is the king of mouth fart impersonations
I'll do one for real I mean as it'll
just look at me like okay okay oh poor
little Reggie budwood leaving you behind
but it's all gates only gonna be a few
hours
you ready yeah okay so we're gonna go to
something called return to the root boy
it's like a photo fashion a sort of
thing that's happening in some of that
house and you're gonna pop into that
quickly just small thing so we're out
and about town and yeah I I'm actually
really glad that we left the house even
though
in such a fun cause like now I just want
to be glued to this couch but I think
whenever you get out you're always kind
of glad to yeah but seeing the world and
seeing happy people who we actually saw
a guy riding his bike with no pants on
and I'm talking no pants no jacket just
to make sure he's safe yeah the safety
bus that was all hanging out anyway
we're heading to the exhibition now so
we're just about to get the Somerset
House but I'm tapped on the shoulder by
Amy and we're just talking to her
because she had an open day that she's
trying to decide which big decision
my god languages this is what we're
seeing return of the rude boy Harris
Road south way but look at this bike
it's just crazy I didn't even know this
was back here what you do professionally
was it yeah I wasn't yeah I don't know
but like just look at all these no no I
was here for Fashion Week I was here for
Fashion Week but this is all tensed up
rope yeah I also I'm just like so
discombobulated like I never remember
what things look like and where I am and
where am i right now
what country might the best of us on the
set house during the summer a film for
does outdoors movie skinny's here so
they'll do like movies knowing about the
big screen like everybody like drink
like a blanket and stuff for that will
do that Siemens Hall
so this a social return of the rude boy
and essentially just celebration of a
rude boy culture
and you wish I dressed like this guy
right here he does look pretty cool I
found me their token agent
representative this
I think so there's a well I don't know
this chick just more looks like we're
just a generic hipster rather than a
rude boy but everything you do so I mean
you rude what no you don't have that
okay so got an actual outfit here and
just photos kind of cool I notice very
interesting
he has a condom lapel pin up there this
lean means something to the man
glaucoma collection of these places
better than Mason Pearson that's the guy
some do a quick review it's on the spot
review
pretty interesting bike here you just
step on these pedals up and down that
propels it forward and of course the
obligatory arrows work well at the front
I think that's it I think that's the end
of the room you
yeah like that
and like some people just put so much
into fashion
would you live it up
allows you to start walking into town
we'll see what we get
we stopped to get some beverages this is
a proxy lemonade or something
yours is like a raspberry and orange
pretty good cafe Nero so we're just
walking along and we're running to
absolute a very large crowd of people
and they said that they'd be in the
plugs did you wanna introduce yourselves
yeah all b'stilla
anybody else any takers hi what do you
guys have to tonight what did you get oh
nice I actually just walked up and today
as well yeah that was so nice to be all
those people on like a big Australian
welcoming it was really nice and yeah
that's just like means a lot you don't
come up to me like that and well come up
to us actually maybe like really
interested in output as well anyway they
moved to London around Christmas time so
they were just kind of like talking
about that
so yeah it's really nice to meet you
guys oh hello again
so I'm in space I'm clean
we were actually Viviana it does make up
for watching girl we were actually just
talking about your like movies or is it
just what you guys get your game anymore
I'm actually just meant to keep seeing
what the pic supplies oh because they
now have it on all the new packaging
they - yeah yeah yeah I watch actually
yeah it's actually good sense today
lights down just popped into zest which
is a really cool pharmacy type of area
in Soho the pharmacy area you know what
I mean Pharmacy and I can't show you
what I got because they're guests but
yeah if you're ever in London
check out zest Japanese ramen place
looks good there's a good range of
especially size make a good Ranger size
what is the chicken okay
he's ever had in his life pretty good
it's ramen baby don't katsu on bean
streets we're going Monday night you got
a boner for bone daddy's daddy we're
home and we're loving on Reggie as
always he's so good I can tell he's just
woken up from a long long slumber okay
so it's around 9:30 at night and I think
we're gonna end the vlog here Fred you
say yeah let's call it a day so that is
it for today I hope you enjoyed today's
balloon and we will see you again
tomorrow what's going on here see you
buddy
bye see you bye see you tomorrow morning
look at that you've this shortcut
now each other Nakano is like squidgy
that's my name no but that guy is
actually Keith because when you put it
in your mouth you like oh my god
