good morning everybody and happy bloon
we are still loving blue I love to
include I'm coming at you from what
looks like a jungle but I promise you
it's not it's just the forest I'm just
walking Reggie it's gonna be a hot
scorcher today I was looking at the
weather yesterday it's a 26 degrees so
so it's gonna be pretty pretty hot so
anyway let's get this boy home and give
him breakfast get hungry Mitch okay
let's go come on so I'm just trying to
plan out my summer fashion video and yes
I'm going to be doing another hashtag
summer trilogy I've actually never done
a summer trilogy before I've only done
spring ones but I'm gonna try to make
this a regular thing now I can't show
you but I have all the outfits laid out
here on my bed and I'm pretty happy with
them I'm almost done it's actually
harder to plan fashion videos that
anything else to me because I don't know
normally when I get dressed I just put
something together and I'm like yeah
that seems to be okay oh just to plan it
like right down to the jewelry it's kind
of harder yeah anyway I'm just doing
this and then the doorbell rang he knows
like okay
it was the postman delivering the mail
and answered the door and I just after I
like closed the door I was like I'm such
a creep because I answered the door I
was like oh hi you said you're gonna
design physics okay
thanks and I signed for I was like it's
gonna be really hot today and I just
stared at him for like a prolonged
amount of time he's like that's what I
hear and then I was like so here's what
I ordered there are the zoeva brushes
and you probably saw me tweeting about
this the other day I can't believe how
fast they came so just open it up and it
comes in this little pouch I think
that's and then it comes in this little
thing here okay come on you can do it
one hander they are
rose-gold brushes it's part of their
like special set I think I've always
heard of people talking about zoeva but
I never really had the urge to try them
until I saw these rose gold ones let me
take it out of this package
okay so those are the brushes they seem
to be pretty good quality from what I'm
feeling they're synthetic brushes they
kind of feel like Sigma brushes but I
guess this is a dupe for the 207 anyway
I just thought they looked really good a
whole reason I wanted it is because of
this little brush here and this one I
mean they all look pretty good though
but I will keep you posted on my beauty
channel but I know I'm gonna get lots of
questions about my eye shadow stuff here
and I saw lots of comments in the last
blog and I tried to reply to some but
you know it's better if I had just say
in the vlog so this is the Laura Mercier
metallic cream eye color in the shade
alloy and it comes in this really cute
little tube thing and you've got to
squeeze it out I just like put on the
back of my hand so yeah that is what's
on my eyes and I also just put like a
shimmery purpley silvery shadow just
like over top of it just like kind of on
the eyelid part yeah that's the
eyeshadow today I've got to dry my hair
and I think I might put a little curl in
it but it is so hot in here I'm just
having my breakfast and the new
blogosphere magazine arrived in the mail
so I think I might just have a peruse
through the magazine with my breakfast
you may remember that I was actually on
the cover of blogosphere magazine the
very first issue it's all right
is that right I can't my across the
first or second but yeah it was very
exciting for me and I love the magazine
it's basically does a magazine for
bloggers about bloggers and there's some
really cool articles in there including
food fashion lifestyle and stuff so
check out blogosphere magazine if you're
interested in on the cover today is
Louis Cole he's living the adventure as
one's helping me film some stuff today
and he's got this little thing here
don't I done I don't know what that is
nice snacks I think we're gonna film the
video in this little forest section here
I've got Reggie as my co-star I just
can't leave Reggie at home when I know
we're going to the forest cuz he loves
it so much
Reggie is our key assistant he's right
in between the tripod Oh Reggie he was
sleeping a minute ago but now he's up
he's helping Aslan out guys are you
gonna wrap this happening time soon or
what you doing losers
who brings a tripod to the park having
some slight technical difficulties now
white balance issues but we are almost
done so I'm actually headed to the post
office and then I've got to go to I
don't know if I should go to Oxford
Circus but I'll probably just go to
Oxford Circus because I've got to pick
up a couple of things yeah so I've been
doing that soap & Glory giveaway on my
main channel if you haven't entered
that's a little plug for it right there
but I've got to go pick up the prizes
today I also really want to check out
the Charlotte Tilbury makeup while I'm
there since I'll be right there anyway
so um yeah and I also need a couple more
items for my outfit video so I film one
outfit today but but I think I'm gonna
do five outfits in total and I'm missing
a couple of pieces so I've got to pick
those up too and then yeah my legs are
completely out this is officially
summertime weather like that suck
thousand my tank tops that I was looking
for
now I'm heading to Selfridges it's
pretty busy as per normal such a
gorgeous day though so I'm just walking
down the street and I run into whadya
and she was just saying hi because she's
been loving balloon so sometimes remote
and actually Claudia's going on holiday
a long time funshine yes yes and she
says you have it on a holiday for five
years
vacation alright I'm approaching
Selfridges here so let's go in soup and
get some Charlotte Tilbury action on
just got out of self which is and I got
a couple of things from Charlotte
I just I'm calling her by first name
Charlotte but I watched so many
interviews of her last night but I'm
just obsessed with her anyway I'm
heading home now I might stop to get so
I'm going to eat or I might just go to
the grocery store
so I went to Waitrose and got myself a
sandwich it seems alright I'm pretty
hungry but I made a very big mistake a
very big mistake I got the waitress
millionaire bites crunchy biscuit base
with a layer of smooth caramel topped
with milk chocolate oh my god
look at these look at these look at
these I've had these before I've had
none even before and you can only get
them in like you can get these at other
grocery stores but waitress is by far
the best like Oh cookie yes anyway I
just had one and I was like oh my god
this is gonna be a case of once a pop
you just can't stop downside
so anyway I'm gonna eat my sandwich
drink some water because I'm so thirsty
and I think Reggie wants a treat I'm
gonna give him a little treat and we
will enjoy a little snack together and
his foot is like right on my leg this is
this could be a potential upskirt right
now you know I can't lie I just fell
asleep for I think only 15 minutes but
it felt like years I woke up and I was
like where am I
anyway I'm just wanting to get a little
drink of water where's my cup and then
when I take Reggie for his walk it's 5
o'clock now yeah I was just editing this
vlog and I fell asleep was my computer
right in my lap so I don't know what
that saying about today's vlog Opitz
month that boring bitch he's like don't
make me wake up wanna go for a walk is
he time for a walk I know we both fell
asleep here for a few minutes time for a
walk okay let's go come in
let's go I changed into my pajama shirt
and my yoga pants these are from
Lululemon
they are so comfortable I just want to
show you this band because I really like
the way that looks let's try to get a
little close-up here I'm really
thrusting my hips into the mirror here
but they have this nice waist like oh
what the heck there's a pocket here but
this this is a pocket you see this just
make you look kind of like sporty you
know when you're really just feeling
like yeah I'm just gonna wear pajamas I
am I am a gangsta right now but of
course I'm carrying it with Birkenstocks
so that takes away from the ganks for a
little bit get in get it good
good boy you can get your earring okay
let's go I am obsessed with this pocket
it's a great way to store
Reggie's poop bags existed I love it our
neighbors really love Reggie and it's so
cute whenever I don't know they're but
for walking they'll say hi Reggie I just
think it's so cute and we were just
talking and they were saying that
they're running a toys and accessories
little booth this weekend and there will
also be an ice cream stall and this had
possibly a toy for Reggie so I think
we'll have to hit that up Reggie so calm
and sweet around kids I look in the
beginning I was kind of like Oh how's
Reggie gonna react around her children
but he's so good he's so calm and just
left little pet so good
I'm gonna go continue editing and
hopefully I don't fall asleep again that
is not good it's not very productive as
one's home freakin millionaire bites
these I like this is the best oh my god
best thing ever like like never had a
better sweet Mary now give me that how
do they make them wait there we go
look at that you've got this short crust
that caramel on the chocolate hmm and
the caramel is kind of like squidgy stop
that sorry Keith because when you put it
in your mouth you're like oh my god okay
we go all in one bite yeah well in one
way so good okay it's like not super
sweet but just perfect miss pretty good
look wait rose hmm
you think something like that something
right mmm
okay nothing that let's not talk about
it yeah so I know I've already been to
the grocery store once today but we've
actually got to go back because I didn't
really get anything to eat with like
dinner because we love food we do we do
love food so let's just take this
recycling out and then we'll go just
gonna put my phone in my handy little
pocket there I think slogans for the
Adler's becoming my favorite supermarket
but yeah a spring coming off Tesco
moving more to the love of Asda coming
to st. V's in ages you now have a class
situation I've lost this day I've no
idea where she is
so are we wandering around aimlessly in
the aisles I done the bread aisle
I've done the milk aisle I've done I
went away up to beer Jesus I haven't
seen oh oh push and what happens you
always end up I always end up mistake
here for somebody else or I see her but
I don't realise the snow they go I
thought you were that old lady sorry I
see enough patients did you realize that
this is actually a self check out check
out yeah I didn't realise that this is
well disguise like it looks like a
normal one but it's actually freaking
self checkout yeah they got me in the
rain game in now I don't know
now we've got and I hate self checkout
when you got this much stuff this walls
are gonna be difficult to sell chicken
so here we go
what's the likelihood of us not getting
a screw up on this such a go we can do
it
nothing's menu like a problem you are
pretty fast actually as unmade
cheeseburgers sorry you don't mind me
zooming in on you as you eat do this
looks delish so we're just finishing up
dinner and I think we're gonna end the
vlog here sorry I'm acting weird because
I bought the hiccups and I don't want to
pick up oh so we're gonna end the vlog
here I do have some good news though
ever will be vlogging tomorrow even
though it's technically not a balloon
day so I'll be vlogging on set Saturday
and Sunday so we will be seeing you very
soon I can't talk we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye bye just sitting in in the
car right now I just finished my test
and with my driving instructor and I
pass baby yes
