good morning everybody it is bright and
early on a Saturday morning I am in the
park with Reggie Barry is peeing on a
tree and life is good it's chilly but
not too chilly I feel great today
compared to the last two days where I
felt horrible so yeah it's it's it's a
good day it's a good day
once Sir Reginald and I have completed
our walk but I'm gonna go home and
quickly shower I have to wash my hair
curl my hair do my hair do my makeup but
I'm going to film that for an upcoming
video on my main channel and then I'm
off to beautycon today so should be good
but before all that breakfast in my
mouth dog walkers you'll fill me when
you wake up in the morning it's cold you
just put on whatever you can and this is
what I've put on today
you got my fleece you got the head
you got the Mims sort of mitten think
you got thick leggings and you feeling
hot right now
beaming you don't look that bad no no
you look like a you look very like like
countryside you know where the fleece is
almost like he could be able to farm his
wife Saturday morning bowl of bland
porridge but I actually like porridge
and I'm just finishing editing
yesterday's vlog for you lovely little
still for you and that's it just
finished doing my makeup and I filmed it
cuz we are gonna do a boyfriend narrates
my beauty tutorial and since I'm going
to beautycon today I thought put the
extra effort and a stay and just put
that eyeliner on I've just think I kind
of missed it now that I have it autumn
like oh yeah I really like it
what do you think yeah
do you prefer me with or without
eyeliner he's like I don't know the
answer to that class by the way answer
this correctly yeah I don't know I think
sometimes it's fun to do liner but now
we're just gonna film the close-ups of
the products and then it'll be pretty
much time for me to go I made it to
beauty Colin I think I'm in the right
place I was told to go to the first
floor so I'm just going to be creeping
on everybody here but this is the behind
the scenes of beautycon how crazy and
look there's snacks I'm not actually
hungry as I just had a bite to eat but
it's no snackage is available so I've
just found the coolest girl squad ever
so I'm here with frisbee I've literally
missed the girls biggest fan all the
time and your documentaries are nearly
nice I just run into the most stunning
creature at beautycon just like it's
been 18 months of two weeks in tightly
okay so work it out girl
I saw this was a self-portrait dress oh
you look gorgeous stunning creature so
I'm now at the refinery29 at section and
I think we're gonna be doing a little
Facebook live on this couch so yeah I
love win places do balloons but yeah and
then this is more of the background
vibes it's very very cool
so I'm just sitting here and I've met
these two lovely girls I was like you
guys have snacks cuz I'm really hungry
and they gave me this biscuit so I'm
really excited
just makes my little blue moons and I've
got a few people here already but we
have not started yet
so let's see
just found a million Suzy backstage
again lovely times
okay girl fashion icon Lexi obviously I
want to show everyone please do it girl
oh yeah she's like I don't know her
what actually did I tell you today for
at least 24 hours did you scare me
crazy time so you gonna come watch my
panel
mind over matter
yeah
okay as you can tell back home got my
hair up in a little top knot at 6:30 I
literally just walked in the door put my
pajamas on and took off my makeup that's
the first thing I do so I think as I'm
and I are gonna have some dinner I just
kind of need to do you deed drank deep
what word am I saying I'm trying to just
relax come down from that beautycon
adrenaline and chill out coming down
from the farm
scope no potatoes here basically as I
went to a food market this morning this
afternoon
and got these potatoes regice like what
are you doing in my bed please and
they're very dirty so yeah there's a
store bar a market called turnips and
they're quite famous for specialising in
lots of different varieties potato and
I've got because we're doing a bit of a
roast turkey situation tomorrow so I
thought I'm going and picking up the
perfect potato for roasting lovely yes
now you're gonna clean them they're
Washington tonight but it is much prep
tonight as possible which isn't much so
you'll see this in tomorrow's blog mess
but yeah we're having like eight people
over tomorrow how many yeah I think I
thought it would be a great idea to have
a little kind of like a Christmas dinner
with a bunch of our friends and
originally was gonna cook quite small
like three people four people I was like
all of it we have to invite this person
that brings in this person so it's quite
a few people and as you guys know I
don't cook so guess who's probably my
catering this time I invited the people
and as one has to cook so what do you
even know how to front of house yeah I'm
gonna handle the entertainment
yes handing on the drinks all that sort
of shit yes that's not gonna be doing
very what drinks do we even have we've
got two bottles of red wine a bottle of
pool I've got myself a bottle of whisky
and then that's I mean isn't that it
it's amazing big but what about juice
juice what are you talking about okay
anyway so that's gonna be tomorrow I
think I'm gonna end tonight blog here
I can get editing because I probably
won't have time tomorrow morning and I
will see you guys tomorrow for a very
festive vlogmas it's gonna be good
see you later
you
