good morning Reggie how we just been for
a walk yes we have you hungry now yes
you are
morning guys sorry I've got to take you
on Freddie's walk this morning just you
know skipped out of my mind
oh well huh it's work you guys have seen
it all before as you may or may not know
today is the big day and by that I mean
it's s days driving test so let's not
make a big deal about it guys just you
know play cool doesn't matter what's
going on today I don't know
driving test what driving sense right oh
and weird thing then are you woken up
with a really really bad heartburn or
what call this one I thought I was
having contact like but then it's just
like I thought I believe like a big and
it's kind of disgust me what I was like
kind of like a big burp but then that
kind of felt better so I don't notice
but wait I don't had that before my life
maybe it's the thing that I ate last
night yeah I had like shootin Tomatoes
so maybe kind of font about it so maybe
it was that but it felt very odd it's
all very odd I didn't like it greetings
everybody yes I realize I look like the
child of a lion mixed with Dracula that
is what I've determined when I just
looked in the mirror I'm looking
terrifying okay so I am freaking nervous
here people I've been freaking out since
yesterday morning because I've got my
driving test today oh my god basically
I've been watching all the videos tips
on how to pass I've been thinking about
my lessons I've been planning it out in
my mind over and over again but I think
you know you just can't tell it's gonna
go either way I am feeling positive but
at the same time I'm feeling so nervous
I'm just getting so worked up over
nothing it's crazy excuse that recycling
in the background but I'm wearing my
ripped jeans and I was like oh do you
think that's too big that's a bit much
for driving test are they gonna think
I'm like you know trouble you know what
I mean but as I'm assured me they don't
care what you're wearing but then I
decided to wear the shirt on top just to
make it that much more you know
professional
King so oh I'm hungry do you think I'm
gonna pass I think you all think of them
as much of a chance of you passing than
you're not passing it's that it's 50/50
it's what you're saying and the reason
for that is because it's it's the first
test and it's really like it's nothing
down to okay here I think if you're
truly terrible and you'll fail but
you're going to retail would you be
driving Vegas so it sounds a lot like
you know sometime you just you might
just make a stupid mistake like you know
just even if you like go slightly over
like a stop line or something yeah not
for you just something like that you
know so what do you think Reggie yeah I
think you're probably gonna fail no
Finch no reason to think that he
supports his mother
but it's not really helping me because
everybody I speeches like I failed three
times fail four times fail twice I mean
it's pretty rare that I talk to people
and they they pass the first time so
well as ylim did I'm being picked up in
a couple of hours and we're gonna drive
there and it takes about an hour to get
there and then I'm gonna have an hour
lesson and then I'm gonna have my test
and the test lasts for 40 minutes and
then I'm gonna drive home and if I fail
could be an awkward ride back in silence
and if I pass then we could be right
back my driving instructor is really
cool this name is Mario anyway
I'm panicked I'm just gonna keep talking
because that's what I do when I'm
nervous I talk I talk a lot when I'm
nervous so alright I'll cut it off now
would you please calm down one more
thing I woke up this morning and I was
like oh my neck kind of feels weird
and I must have slept on my pillow funny
funny or funnily funnily funny okay so
even Czechia why is it funny or funnily
funny I slept on my pillow funny stuff
my neck yeah I slept on my neck funny
not funnily oh dang I was wrong me I'm
losing it guys
yeah slept on my neck funny and now it
like really really hurts to turn my neck
how many something serious I've you know
it's not the worst it could be but like
right about there I'm like
a little bit of pain oh my god this is
the whole thing go I'll type you're
driving this is you oh that really does
hurt yeah pump yourself alive desire
coca no I'm gonna take a shot of vodka
before I take my test as well just
kidding I don't think that's allowed
I'm just good I somehow managed to
convince Aslan to make me some oatmeal
that's brown sugar by the way and why is
that because you make the best oatmeal
about do it yeah yeah he makes really
really good oatmeal and I've also got
some blackberries here got a few love
that engine you know what I mean anyway
I am I'm a little freaked out as far as
the eating schedule goes because it's
9:00 now my test is until 1:00 so when
am I going to be eating between now and
and 11:00 I'm not so I'm gonna have to
bring a sandwich or something I gotta
get on that I need to eat I need to know
the food is available okay I'm leaving
I'm leaving now that's it look I'm so
freaking nervous yeah so I probably
won't be able to vlog like obviously
while I'm in the car ah we'll see the
next time you see me you'll laugh ' any
last words um just keep calm I think
that's the most important thing yeah
once you start getting flustered on
these tests that's when I really start
to lose it he's like to stretch stretch
it out okay see you later
I'm just sitting in the in the car right
now I just finished my test and with my
driving instructor and I pass baby whoo
I'm really excited for you - yeah we're
three minors which really is very very
very good so really happy yes that's so
good Wow
oh wow look at this I freaking yeah the
champion first time they zone yeah makes
me so proud are you found it
yeah I actually got less minors then as
one did yeah well I don't care about
what I'm a better driver than you yeah
it turns out that she's a better driver
though she's a very good driver I was
always you a very safe driver you in
Canada I know that is such a load off my
mind
yeah it would read you so proud aren't
you Reggie yeah a little good Oh oh my
gosh yeah you know like things just
dress you up maybe when it's over you're
still kind of stressed out hmm what is
that like weight off your shoulders
though yeah big time no no you're like a
big-time first time pass pen yeah I feel
good by that nice in a way I didn't know
if I was gonna pass or not but I felt
confident but my driving test person hmm
she was really nice for named Eddie
uh-huh and as soon as I saw her I was
like okay everything is gonna be okay
okay she wasn't like threatening
how you imagine the driving tested me
she's really nice and helped Wow I had
to reverse around the corner
do you did yeah I what was the other one
there's only one only one Anu did you do
emergency brake no no and pulling away
from this side and the ten minute
independent driving the house they've
been driving how did I go spy I had to
like follow the signs to this
destination what was destination Bromley
Bromley oh nice okay so your other signs
whatever read the signs well decide oh
oh okay I need to take five I totally
different notes I always see comments
from people in tweets saying where did
you get your plates from so I thought
today would be a good day because we
actually ordered some more so these are
the plates that we're talking about
they're really nice so they have like
this it feels like hardened sand yeah
it's a good it's a clay and it's made by
some people dipping it streets drawer
all made out of like this really good
waterproof clay yeah I'll try to link to
that down below but they actually come
from a store called folklore that's
where we buy ours from that's in North
London right but only into folklore and
then the people who actually make it and
we also just got some little soup bowls
they finally came they were in stock but
they're not very deep yeah I mean how
much soup can you really put in there a
little bit like it's a I think you can
actually what if you fill it yeah just
not too I mean we probably won't use it
for soup well these are for other stuff
but so that is really
from I get lots of questions about that
so hopefully that will clear it up now
if you don't mind I'm gonna be just
taking a little Instagram and me saying
that I passed okay I promise this is the
last thing and then I could stop talking
about my driving test I know it just
seems like a driving test to a lot of
people but for me I always said I would
never learn how to drive I was like so
against it I was something I was
genuinely terrified to do like it gave
me anxiety to even think about driving
Hey yeah thank you driving super stop oh
you know the canadian stee who's a Stig
Oh like I'm talking this thing Oh
professionally mystery driver
I don't watch Top Gear wah-wah I'm a
Stig you understand that's take um but
yeah it was something I never thought I
would do and for me it's more so just
like about doing something you're afraid
of let's not get too deep up in here I
don't get emotional as I always freaking
you but I I feel really proud of myself
that I actually did it that's specially
the first time and always have three -
that's pretty impressive yeah but it's
not it's just like the fact that I
actually just did it did two lessons
even though I hated the lessons because
they stressed me out and I do the test
so it's really good and also I was kind
of nervous to say in the vlogs that I
was doing the test because then if I
failed I mean I wouldn't have cared I
would have said it anyway
but um yeah everybody was like why would
you say that why wouldn't you just keep
it to yourself kind of thing and then if
you pass say it but I wasn't really like
that if I fail I have no problem sharing
it because lots of people fail and
there's nothing wrong with failing the
first time but I tweeted saying that I
was so nervous to do the test and I got
so many tweets from people wishing me
good luck and just like saying I can do
it and stuff and I just want to say
thank you because that really did pump
me up like right before I went in to
take my lesson I looked at my phone and
there was all these like tweets from
everybody saying you can do it stuff and
it just it really helped me through it
so means a lot guys means a lot oh this
is me becoming British part one becoming
British yeah I'm on the roads baby I
don't have a car but you know but now
you can take Reggie oh you already can
take you
Road Trip yeah me Reggie can you aren't
don't you want to go to uh de nails down
or something do you want to go get your
nails done with me Reggie yeah if any
Jeremy buddy yeah you give him I can
draw it stay hungry Reggie looks like a
little hen about to hatch Smeg oh we
decided to ditch the duvet and get
Reggie another bed for the kitchen he's
just making sure it knows who's boss
yeah
Reggie's boss and it's also monogrammed
at the front I'm easy so yeah well at
least he's standing on it it just looks
a bit better than the duvet I don't
think you're supposed to bite your bed
Reggie give you energy come on Reggie
come on you know all these guys in there
you go walk walk walk walk right in
front of me that's fine just stand right
the hair Reggie let's go nice it is such
a nice day today it must be like 25
degrees outside and I am starving it's
like 1 in 5 o'clock so it's dinnertime I
didn't really have a good lunch actually
I actually had a banana and a Snickers
bar right before my test just because I
wanted to be fully sugared up you know
but that doesn't quite cut it so I'm
going to see if Aslan's interested in
firing up the barbeque because I love a
good barbecue on a hot summer's day
only.this weather would last like this
is the thing it could be this hot and
then it could be pouring rain all day
tomorrow so you really can't to us you
have to enjoy it well laughs come on
Reggie through the forest good
okay is 620 and I've been editing a
video that's going to go up tomorrow not
done it yet but I'm going to finish it
tonight and what do you think of the BB
q we'll get a steak on there baby
and over on the side when I we're gonna
make some flak go nice and back Molly
yeah don't be good what else
mmm vegetable of some sort vegetables we
have hey you mouth you just want a head
of broccoli
okay well broccoli Daniels no it's plain
broccoli
I actually really like broccoli I know
most who were like is a broccoli but you
like oh I'm not like oh I'm like okay
Reggie's like yeah I mean I just chill
out here for a while I think I'll have
your steak though if you wouldn't mind
just getting me a steak he won't agree
Reggie's been seing like nothing else
yeah he just had a massive play session
yeah he had like a big burst of energy
for about five minutes he was running
around like a mental patient like hurdle
over this thing he was like chasing his
ball chasing his Justin Bieber yeah yeah
now he's just like that's what happens
he's legit he act crazy for about four
or five minutes and then he's just up
and it really is four or five minutes no
longer yeah
oh okay anyway I'm just editing this
video up who's this song wait is it the
world famous first time driving past
superstar my name yes so she's doing
that meanwhile we focus on the cooking
she'll make some guavas make some guac
here the ingredients you need for guac
coriander garlic red onion avocados
chili one tomato lime and at eleven just
one small little chili peel these bad
boys got a guac in here we're going to
mash it in a second but first let's add
some pepper mash mash it all and I'm
kind of shooting hands I'm using this
chopper thing so you like tomatoes your
red onion your garlic
then you coriander in here let's give it
a zoo Oh God look at that but uh if you
had smell-o-vision that's incredible
you can't swap that in there juice your
lime in there oh yeah
then stir it all together come on Reggie
let's get going heat up the grill
hey help me buddy get it help me gasps
gun now what I started doing is uh make
one side of the grill really hot and
then the other side really low down so
you've got a hot side to the cold side
if you need it holy guacamole should I
sing the guacamole song again why don't
ya welcome
oh yeah welcome oh yeah oh why what's
going on there yeah I just realized my
freaking shirts been on a button the
past like two hours oh look at this oh
yeah this is being their meriting show
saying some pepper like multiply six by
six me yeah so I'm gonna go then we
already traumatic okay see ya but on the
boat as well which is good so oh yeah
one that smokiness
great my shoes excuse me what are you
doing what are you doing
cousin always does this to issues rinse
them it's not me it's him I think it's
crazy I would never do it these are my
like oh like shoes I paint vandal yeah
every time I see as many shoes I just
see him walking around like this Nick
this is your office
hello grandma yeah it's SC I'm good
grandma guess what I took my driving
test today I passed it grandma
yeah no but this was the one in the car
grandma yeah my god and grandma I passed
I was nervous but I passed with flying
colors only three minor mistakes out of
15 I know I'm so happy
exactly so we've got the broccoli here
we've got the guacamole and the chips
there this is some hummus could be good
and the piece de resistance
took it off the grill been resting for
about five minutes yeah oh yeah so look
here now we talked to you one mmm I was
putting it that side that side that okay
yep oh oh yeah perfection is this too
blue for you Julie no that's exactly how
I like it on YouTube yeah yeah another
perfect shake looks like yeah I'll take
it like that dude
yeah perfect for me okay he stands away
yes yes some Newton these big lows
time for some orange is the new black
this episode is called a whole other
hole oh nice um but I love orange is the
new black so much but I have to say I
absolutely hate the intro as a hasty
intro it's far too long it is annoying
here it is
but well I can probably show it cuz it's
Netflix right or no maybe I don't know
this worked here's a little taste of it
I mean I like the
is fine it's just more so the song right
and it's by Regina Spektor who I really
like so we're gonna eat and watch just
finished dinner it was so good excuse my
mullet once again I feel like how many
times can I say excuse my mullet like I
say it in every vlog every time just get
used to it I usually have my mullet
house the same it was amazing so good
yeah the guacamole was amazing too
yeah absolutely I quite believe it yeah
we could eat the whole pot of it anyway
we're gonna wrap things up for the
evening and anything else would say it's
been an excitement filled day I'm
mentally exhausted I've got to edit this
video edit finish editing the brand
focus video and upload that so yeah
that's what I'll be doing for the rest
of the evening and we will see you in a
couple of days
right
meiosis day is looking at the fine
selection of Boulder holders she calls
them me wrong I'm just like where is the
man see you know taken it's taken that
it aboard what am I gonna do now go
cross
