good morning with you he's stretching
getting ready to go for your morning
walk okay let's roll I'm really eight
dressing to a breast today right down to
the Birkenstocks mm-hmm as you probably
guessed it's a Monday morning today
we've got two teenagers over here having
me a little makeout session awkward
times I'm gonna go the other way on the
one hand my inner romantic it's like oh
it's cute you know high school love and
I gather and I'd like get to school I
think I'm like growing up it's weird
it's so freakin weird anyway yesterday
we had a really chill that day it was
Sunday obviously and yeah it was so hot
outside so first of all Reggie was so
hot so we decided to give him a bath in
the garden so we like brought this hose
up and like gave him the bath guess
what's happening we're gonna be watching
you today Reggie here's the hose the
trust buddy oh poor little guy okay
we're having some technical difficulties
but Reggie is a kind of terrified a
little bit I think yeah don't Reggie get
away from there there we go good boy boy
yeah this is so much better than like
carry him up upstairs
novena I like trying to get him into a
bath all right should I shall I start
shampooing him what's he doing this yeah
okay and his fur gets even more soft
after he gets on the back it's a good
shampooing super soft
please he's handling it okay good boy
good boy Reggie Aslan pressure-washing
the garden finally finally the weather
is so nice and we thought up today could
be the day there we go so fresh and
clean mm-hmm it looks good hey let's dry
them off quickly yeah this thing seems
quite powerful everything looks very
clean and then we also decided to have a
little barbecue and we made some good
stuff and made some good stuff I'm going
to insert a clip of that right now oh
he's got his woodchips going yeah I got
this new toy so you put some Hickory
some moist hickory chips in here you put
it at the middle and it creates lots of
smoke down with a smoky playbox
smoky flavor open it up the sales going
as kind of different it just slam it a
few times and then in here we've got
some steak marinating and and when I'm
most excited about what are the actions
old um yeah yeah fish kebabs
whoops cab ads kebabs and yeah just like
vegetable and chicken that you've been
marinating so that should be tasty whoo
I have to say I'm a big fan of the UH of
the love works yeah he loves these work
lava rocks that he put in there would be
make a difference on the way home there
was this mother with her son and her son
was so cute he was there like five or
something he's going to school and he
was riding a scooter and the mom was
like oh you know just scoot past him you
know don't worry you'll be okay I was
like eh don't worry he's really nice
like talk about Reggie obviously every
Reggie is really nice and the mom was
like good you know and the kid was so
scared he's like is he nice I was like
yeah he's nice and then I was like you
can pet him if you want as mom looked at
me like you are sick how dare you and
then she's just like no no come on keep
scooting
people are so scared of bread she makes
me so sad I mean I understand things
he's so big but he's such a nice guy
yeah I am a nice guy all I do is try to
make Valon good try to work hard try to
eat all my food in one swallow
speaking of food let's have your
breakfast well I'm not having it
you are I washed Reggie's duvet last
night so trying to put the cover back on
it and he will not get off will you get
off get off get off
Ritchie get off this to pay right now
Ritchie Oh Ritchie come on get off get
off get off get off this too late come
on come on this could go on for hours
now success yes so I'm just gonna write
myself a morning smoothie I've got lots
of spinach and kale a couple of carrots
an apple which I'm leaving the seeds in
and in lemon for zest and I'm also going
to pull a Benjamin food TV and put some
pineapple in there too so it's all in
the blender now and we're going to turn
this baby on there's some ice in there
as well in case you're wondering so I
guess I just go like this
no this
see if I can do two things at once
probably not no not working the lids on
let's try this again with the lid off
that could have been the problem a
little chunky I could have probably left
that in there for a little longer but
whatever so now it's time for the real
test how does this taste it tastes good
but it's like so chunky so definitely
should have left that in a blender for a
little bit Oh
bless you so what do you think um yeah I
think it's a little bit chunky yeah I
kind of eat that I don't like this it's
like a motor smoother than a juice but
just put it back in here I mean you
should have to chew on your juice just
put it back
okay now this is better it's a lot more
liquidy you know and just just better it
tastes pretty good though honestly like
the flavor of it yeah it's good so I
completely forgot that I meant to call
my osteopath first thing in the morning
well it's like 20 minutes after they
open now because my back has been like
so bad I guess I've talked about this
before but like I do in fact problems
and I go usually go to an osteopath
regularly but it's been fine so I
haven't been in about I don't know what
you say like three months you know why
yeah I know I used to go every two weeks
but it was fine for like a few months so
I know I'm going to call right now and
see if they have any appointments
available for today I mean it's not an
emergency but like put it this way if I
stretch I have like a shooting game all
that my spine so I'm gonna need to see
I'm gonna need to see somebody about
that hi I was just wondering if Andrea
had any available appointments today oh
right okay sad times my usual osteopath
who I've been seeing for a while now is
away for two weeks she must be on
holiday it's good for him
so I don't know what to do now I guess
I'll just make an appointment with
somebody else but they don't have any
appointments until later in the week so
I guess I'm gonna have to wait I'm just
gonna have to try to do some cat
stretches or something meet to have just
finished getting ready I've got to like
fix my hair a little bit more um but I'm
actually going to be filming a video
today and it's going to be a brand
focused video ah I think it's actually
gonna be my next video so it should be
up soon so I'm just watching my girl hey
Claire and she's like doing this
tutorial type of video about fake nails
and if you remember a long time ago I
used to wear fake nails all the time
like just the press-on ones and I used
to paint at like over them normally the
fake nails come in a French manicure
style which is not really my personal
style so I used to paint over them and
I'm just watching Claire's video my cuff
those look so good but actually Claire
decided to paint each hand a different
color so Susie I didn't know which one I
like this color and I am totally going
to pull a Claire and do that at some
point maybe not too
because I just painted my nails but yeah
I used to do that when I was a kid I
used to paint well I used to do to burn
things used to paint my nails like all
different colors or like one color
different color at the same color - I'm
not making sense but you know what I
mean every other nail would be a
different color and I used to do this
too when I was a kid I wonder if I have
any pictures of me doing that but now
that I'm grown as woman I feel like I
should do it again so I'm inspired by
you Claire what's going on I stays like
oh don't worry I'll just use this
tomorrow knife to cut the bread and then
this is the result this is her so very
good it stopped focusing I suck at
cutting bread what kind of black stuff
on it now I'm looking at it I think it's
just from the bread oh I see yeah I am
NOT the best at cutting bread that is
fo-sho and this other side is like
totally screwed as well okay shall I
write yeah let's fix this the mail just
keep the mail just came through and
Reggie's really excited about goodbye
okay just finished filming that actually
took a while to film because I had so
much to say in so many products to talk
about and then I had to film the
close-ups for each product so that took
a while I have to see if I can edit that
into something otherwise it's going to
be way too long I might have to cut some
stuff out anyway I actually have to get
going because I've got to run a couple
of errands so first I think I'm going to
just take Reggie for a quick walk and
then I will be on my way it's a pretty
nice day at today home reg pretty sunny
pretty hot after the heat on the tube we
had stuff to get to peach iced teas
which are good right yeah
so you know I love my Nike dri-fit
shorts and apparently they happen for
men do trying to go miss out when he's
like yeah we really wanted to get this
yeah she like idea of my crown jewels
being caressed and tight lycra yeah it
just makes it like so much easier to
exercise and feel dry he thought I'm
saying yeah hello beautiful
you're coming home with me today I love
orange so nice oh so many amazing shoes
to choose from I'm just obsessed with
trainers these are the fly net ones what
do you think of them well I don't I
don't like those ones don't like they're
now Amex but I like I like the idea of
them now Aslan is going to get involved
here with the shoes I don't think you're
going to find them in the in the young
section though that's for sure okay just
got out of night he's at Nike town
nighttime town and I thought actually
treated me to my shoes right at the end
he's like I got this baby
wadn't a baby but you know he he did
treat me to the shoes which is really
nice oh that's nice and now I'm actually
going to go trying some brassieres for
my talk to us because I need some that
is my lucky day later go yeah you could
just fit in the bra store I can see your
feet and your toes
oh wow wow wow yeah I need some better
fitting have Boulder holders you know
what I'm saying so I'm going to brother
although okay so here's where I'm going
to get my boobies fitted it's called
bravissimo they do sizes for the larger
busted lady so yeah and they like
measure you and make sure it fits well
and stuff well since they is looking at
the fine selection of Boulder holders as
she calls them meanwhile I'm just like
where is the man see you know taken it's
taken that it aboard what am I gonna do
now oh god oh my god we've hit with it
with it the the motherlode not just a
man seat the whole man sofa area nice
swing first thing and the way to
and Nicola is very well this is a Miss
quite a bit of seating one thing does
confuse me though is a lot of these two
ladies very seductively staring at a
while squatting beer
why they're like really tailoring to the
men gravel okay so I got my bras done
and dusted crazy how much you can change
size in matter mom
but I got a strapless bra my very first
dress oh wow yeah so I think we're going
to go get some an email we're a little
bit hungry so we decided to come to my
favorite place couple far lemonade's and
you've no idea what I'm saying lebanese
lebanese canteen and i'm going to get a
Rosa to drink
some potage in the Boush and a chicken
town and Aslan a tree says this is a new
menu but I don't know I didn't know they
had breakfast but apparently they do
desserts yeah they never had the English
Lebanese can see the fun yeah but
changing things up
this party is majorly getting started
with my fattoush lab and then what are
these called astha last name yet and
drinks excited oh the main course has
arrived chicken wrap my pickles you know
how I feel about these pickles and you
got the whole platter with the hummus
and everything you got this one oh
thanks thanks Roman it's not dead people
so we're just walking along with our
takeaways and as you can see there is my
chicken wrap right there I'm sooo mning
right chicken ramen we write it on it
yep there is don't worry we're not
taking that home to eat just walking
along and next thing you know it falls
right out of the bottom of my bag so
thank you that was great I was like oh I
just stepped on something I look back on
actually yeah well clothes have to go
both are gone gonna fall right through
what's up yeah normally they would like
put that you know in a plastic container
yeah cuz it's got like oil and stuff in
it so it just leaks really bag I'm not
this time Oh Sammy Sammy Sammy I just
watched you my favourites girl and she
featured you and I as her May favorite
Thank You Sammy I see you as my main
favorite TV show I love Sammy so much
we've done a couple of videos together
but I just love her she's let the most
genuine beautiful inside it out so I'm
just talking a little moment here I will
link to her may favorites down below if
you want to check it out because she's a
Coolio also oh you didn't notice I'm in
sausage mode I've got my bitch
it's off pretty quick pretty fast turn
over there as soon as I got like yep
sausage Shem and I wash my face and I
have a situation I don't know if you can
figure out which situation I'm talking
about the huge zit on my forehead um I'm
trying to calm it down so I wanted to
like take all my makeup off and stuff
that's uh yeah and now we're gonna do
some editing baby whoo I'm just going
through some of this footage and I don't
think I actually showed you my outfit
today which is such a shame because I
wore my long kimono which I loved I did
Instagram a photo of it which I'll put
in right now so that was my outfit and
I'm also going to be doing a blog post
on my outfit which I'll link down below
when it's up I'm a dazzling photograph
me in busy streets of London and it was
thoroughly embarrassing for me that's
one thing like I can vlog perfectly fine
in public but like outfit photos kill me
now I was not born to be a fashion
blogger I don't know how they do it
because all their pictures look amazing
and it's like in the middle of busy
streets I guess you just get used to it
like vlogging
hmm
no oh we fall he's sleeping on every
single toy pretty much okay
that's glad got the main one here now
we've got this more one who got the
maybe Reggie look at the pink underneath
that Oh child teeth shut their tooth
shut oh wait you gotta I'm editing this
vlog oh wow yeah inception okay so
there's not much more going on here I'm
just going to finish editing this video
start editing my beauty video and do
some blog posts and of course drink lots
of tea so it is time to wrap it up so
I'm trying to wrap it up and like Bionic
at the same time and I will see you in
the next balloon see you guys yeah so we
got Oh witches so we got we got a
grilled cheese and we're actually split
it like four ways to read you can have
some as you can see just like bit into
mine
