good morning it's a cloudy Saturday
morning and as normal my start to the
day is walk in our beautiful regimen and
we've got a kind of lager here leftover
bus my know from last night isn't that
lovely Reggie I've actually become a bit
more convert 8 Reggie he's after the
white Reggie even along such a
scaredy-cat
these scares him stuff like that all the
time literally like you'll be walking he
hurt his foot will drag and I like mover
Twix and he'll be like oh I've been
trusting him more and more off the leash
recently as you can see he is off leash
and I found that yeah if it's like
especially if it's quiet like Saturday
mornings very quiet here
he doesn't she's fine with it he follows
me around
he doesn't go too far if he does go too
far as soon as I whistle at him he comes
back to I feel like he needs more
independence you know he's a fully grown
dog now he needs to have his own laws
space see nice meal - you know poop off
leash sometimes so like for example I
feel right now he's getting too far so
I'll be like Reggie there you go I think
I was running straight back it's a
beautiful thing
good boy good boy he's such a good boy
all right come on it's going on oh boy
it's kind of a gray day which sucks was
I think you know stay had some plans to
be going out over wanted to go to the
market as normal and me are friends
there I met Leo today but unfortunately
I think we'll still go but it makes a
lot worse weather but hey ho let's
bargain for when you live in the British
summer time Oh
back at home now ready for breakfast
buddy I don't know if they showed you
guys but she's obsessed using this pedal
thing it's like a food freshener
container thing so you get a new dollar
container and then you just pop this
over the top and you press it down and
it creates kind of a vacuum we can pick
it up it's like it's pretty good but
she's been using this at any opportunity
that she can and it's Larry's and I best
drink this glass of water because
meanest egg and we do have a workout
this morning I saw the need to stay
hydrated you know we have to confess
we did skip the workout earlier on in
the week we should be doing three works
out three workouts a week but skip so I
think today we have to make a lot of
extra effort and make sure that we
really push ourselves the limit oh just
let you guys know I'm no longer doing in
insanity just doing t25 where I stay
which actually will get preferred
because it is only 25 minutes but you
still get like a really good sweat on
because it's not like you don't what god
yeah this is still get a really good
sweat you don't stop at any time in
twenty five minutes so it's very intense
for that time I think it's a key overall
is harder but t25 is shorter so it's a
lot more convenient but it still gives
you kind of like a good burn
so like isn't that right yeah I just say
as was alarm it is Saturday today and as
those alarm went up three times this
point wise doing two times this morning
before 8:30 in the morning know whatever
1 to 8 was rock with you what I'm gonna
get up gotta get out he doesn't tell me
he's setting his alarm so I'm expecting
and just wake up naturally I wake up
early naturally anyway and then really
you don't kazoos 8 o'clock yep I would
have woken up naturally and then all
yours yeah it was like he would kick
your ass
a guy came in said hey huh the sound of
alarms if I told myself I have to wake
up at 5 a.m. I think I could probably
wake up on my own we could test that
theory tomorrow we could we get it
really well in Paris as looks like oh
let's split a banana before I work out
and I go okay he said yeah I left on the
counter this is how much banana he left
me like that much I suppose it's not
really a big banana but I was expecting
half what it delicious breakfast you
know I find that so funny because I
never thought these water bottles would
be so popular with you guys but you seem
to love them so I got this three pack it
comes with an orange one and a blue one
this is the remnants of last night's
blueberry water
and comes the yellow one as well and we
got them at Costco I think it was like
10 pounds for the three of them and I'm
they're really good water bottles so
yeah
Costco it's a place to be okay just
finish the workout I am tired
it's kind of sad because it's raining
outside it's like pouring rain and we
were supposed to go to the park with
Reggie and meet our friends there but I
mean who wants to walk around a park in
the ring yeah I'm the market like I know
Marco you're gonna walk it's horrible in
there right texting before they go up
Dixon yeah just saying just say if you
still want to go yeah so I just finished
doing my makeup but I thought I would
show you the Jun greyhound here he is
little guy for Jun so cute I'm just
wondering when this washi tape is gonna
give away and how much longer that's
gonna last by the way that stuff on my
hand is eyeshadow so don't get freaked I
mean I should I see what July is should
I see what July this Oh nope nope nope
no did you really think I was gonna ruin
that big surprise mm-hmm
wait till next month honestly I'm the
most annoying person ever okay I'm gonna
go um grab the rest of stuff that I need
and I'm gonna get going
anybody let's go let's go to Burke go
come on Richie
let's go to the part man whoo so we made
it to the market and I'm Reggie's
actually being babysat by my friend Zach
right now just give the reigns away a
little bit and he's enjoying it I think
hungry I'm stalling yeah let's eat so we
just ordered our buckets obviously and
as woman's joking around with the guys
saying like oh I've brought you new
customers and then managed to get free
extra avocado no but we do highly
recommend the bucket laughs fellas good
I'm afraid Reggie's not getting a bucket
law but he might get a grilled-cheese
finally got the pockets oh yeah and mine
is so spicy and then we've also got some
apple juice down there and the way the
bottle is but it's like locally made
apple juice Reggie's like please oh he's
like that kids Toronto so we got oh my
so we got we got a grilled cheese and
we're actually split it like four ways
the reggie could have some as you see
just like bent mine but he's like but
it's really drooling all over Aslan
right now it's gross oh he wants a
little bit of cheese don't you buddy
okay let's see this is the first bite Oh
swallowed it's got the he doesn't he
doesn't eat this stuff lay off they just
swallows it so we're just in the market
still and I found Emma say your name
with your accent Emma Emma Emma
okay she's oh wait what how do you call
it yeah yeah um Emma um she's from New
Zealand originally and she moved here
three months ago yeah yeah she really
liking it so yeah and the other cool
thing is she actually won I did a
giveaway of like a Scandinavian there's
like a home book or something right she
actually won it so small world small
world and right you two yeah we came
across this shark dog that's what we're
calling them anyway really nice dog
really happy so we're all back home now
and I think we're just gonna chill out
we were all thinking of having a
barbecue later which could be good right
and I'm shutting the first British
supermarket experience yeah I don't know
they're getting into a circle
supermarket yeah I'm sure they have um
anyway exciting times do you see what we
got in the mail
Costco catalogue no epic Ascot casco the
Costco
catalog and there's some there's some
girl deals up in here lots of people ask
me which electric toothbrush I use and
it's this one it's the Philips Sonicare
DiamondClean toothbrush and look 15
pounds off limit of five my god who's
gonna buy five of these so we're just
kind of like in the living room like
looking at Aslan's book collection you
guys have probably seen
Aslan's books and i I guess I've never
really like showcased them but it's got
lots of like photo books is that the
technical term for them but I'm
just so pissed right now because it got
me thinking that I have like I have like
maybe three or four
Oprah books and they used to be held on
this shelf with Aslan's like cool books
and I just like realized that he
freaking moved it upstairs
so I don't even have a my cool you know
and downstairs anymore so it's kind of
annoying but I'm putting those open
books back and they're growing there
they won't fit
they will he says but they can't fit
length sways fine
but as you can see he's got these laying
down they should be gone right there
meanwhile back on the ranch Reggie is
farting up a storm like it is it is bad
beast like a beasts all that grilled
cheese Oh reg come on we need to like
put like a deodorizer on your you know
on your tail so we're just about to head
to the pub and I've had a little outfit
change but first I've convinced my
friends to be in a Nessie button vlog so
I can finally introduce you so this is
my good friend Zach and oh thanks and
then his friend Martin which is
technically our new friend Marty
oh yeah just one for a couple of months
want to come by your website I wish yeah
by what I have a website because I'm an
aspiring photographer so yeah it says a
curry Kobler dot CA yeah
do you ever website well don't thank you
guys all so if you are photographer or
slash want to get these two around right
to help with the interning and the
whatnot hit them up that could be good
yeah so I just thought I'd quickly show
you my outfit since I did change and
yeah I finally busted out the kimono
which I'm really excited about I got
this at Topshop and what I bought it I
was kind of like when am I ever gonna
wear a kimono and I was like looking at
my clothes it's like today's the day so
just like put that on with a just like a
v-neck tank top from Topshop and then
these are my jeans from Topshop as well
they're the ripped Jamie jeans and my
shoes are my nude sandals from dune so
that is the overall look and we're
heading to the pub now to the pub to get
drunk and Crown no I'm totally kidding
I'm gonna get an apple juice I went for
the cranberry juice a whole pint of
cranberry juice he's like gonna do a
half bite or a full fine they're all
making fun of me for vlogging but
vlogging is what I do I love to vlog
what can I say I enjoy it all the time
but yeah so I'm actually really
impressed as I put the lime in it with
the ice everything from me so we're just
walking around near London Bridge and
here's the shard if you've never seen it
before
and here's like kind of the back of
London Bridge station
walk around people right now yeah
there's the shard we've been up there
before and it's really really cool I was
just saying to like my friends that they
should go up with char because I think
when you come to London that's one like
if you want to do something touristy it
is touristy but you get to see a really
nice view of London so I think it's
worth money so here we are at the stoop
we've got the Mayor of London's office
right here this weird egg looking thing
cause your Tower Bridge to the left and
we've got the the super over that reason
why we came here today's can there's
meant to be like an international
settings for the more London festival as
well like international music
international food focusing on junk food
no I got it like Jamaican Jerk can I
have 2000 I mean I go through in there
Jamaica Jamaica - right so why they call
this is stupid
oh because it's like it's kind of like a
happy third this serie all are not free
vessel the scoop
you know a guy down set dance with me
you're fine so as one of my friends
Acker just in line to get I don't even
know what they're called I can't really
Rio wausau Kaka
it's a Venezuelan type of item and
basically it's just like dough and I can
say stuff it with whatever you ask for
so we're getting black bean and we shall
see how it is should be good so here is
the final how was it called wasa Kakaako
probably butchering that name but it's
just like these black bean cheese some
sauce and a cold meal and I thought yeah
apparently that is cornmeal so that
looks pretty good
that's gonna go so we just got home and
Zac and Marty have left
I've actually got a driving lesson in
half an hour so I'm pretty tired already
and the last thing I want to do is a
driving lesson on a Saturday night can I
get an amen my test is actually next
week I'm kind of nervous for it my
driving instructor says that he thinks
I'll pass but I've talked to so many
people who have been like Oh failed
three times I've failed two times and
I'm not like I'm not getting my hopes up
that I'm gonna pass the first time and
I'm not getting myself stressed out if I
fail and I will be vlogging that day so
you'll know straight away if I passed or
failed yeah so if I fail I'm not like I
don't think I'll be so upset because I
think it's quite common to fail
obviously I want to pass and I'm going
to try really hard to pass but we shall
see I will celebrate if I do pass though
the first time that'll be cool so I'm
just gonna chill out for the next 20
minutes drink my water cuz I'm so
thirsty and then I'm going to do my
driving lessons which will be for two
hours so sad times did you have a good
day okay yeah I didn't yeah it was good
it's really interesting for me because
like Zach was one of my like well he was
probably my best friend with the
entirety of high school so we knew each
other since we were 15 so it's kind of
interesting to like see him in London
and like see how much we both like grown
up yeah yeah does that make sense yeah
of course like it's people that you know
from school don't ever really change to
the same but it's but they do change in
the way that they interact with thinking
and people know how they bring
themselves forward yeah it's just like
pretty cool to see like of which how
both of us went because I think if we
went back in time and told our high
school selves like oh we'll be hanging
out in London in 2014 I don't know if I
believe it yes it's pretty cool all
right so it's about 8 o'clock now a
little later and I just got home from
doing my last driving test before the
test and oh yeah I I kind of screwed up
on many things cuz you know when you're
like tired and the last thing you want
to do is drive well this is like that on
steroids because they're teaching you
like manoeuvres and stuff and yeah you
don't mean I'm walking yeah he had to
take the wheel a few times because I
kept screwing up but it still remains
positive that I should pass on Wednesday
I don't know like I said I'm not getting
my hopes up it could go either way
honestly so we'll see on Wednesday I'll
keep you posted
so anyway I think I'm going to wrap up
the blog here because I've got to edit
this vlog and I also want to watch
another episode of orange is the new
black yeah yeah I'm so excited that the
new season is out because like obviously
I love that show who doesn't and then
when the second season came out I kind
of forgot that Netflix released full
seasons at a time so now I've got the
entire season to binge watch which you
know I'm thoroughly excited about
because I'm in sausage mode right so we
are wrapping it up and we will see you
in a couple of days bye oh my oh and by
the way we're getting this party started
with guacamole oh I feel like I want to
started wakka Willy song welcome Oh
whoo I really think that's gonna catch
on you sing the song
yeah so you gotta end it up and yeah
it's so many good like common people
saying like you never kids
you're never romantic kiss see she gets
in what couple right it's done it's not
him it is me I'm just so
