good morning everybody happy whoo
I am not with it right now so I woke up
this morning quite early again 7:00 a.m.
well it's early for me anyway and I'm
actually headed back into the center of
London what am I saying I'm going to
Oxford Circus I've got a couple of
meetings and yeah I've got to be there
at nine o'clock it's now like 8 8 8
o'clock 8 o'clock something like that
so I'm gonna leave soon but I just
thought I'd show you the makeup I'm
wearing today because I have to say and
this is not me bragging or being filled
myself but I think this is the best wing
liner I have ever done in my life just
saying so this is what I'm wearing that
on my face today all of this this is the
Tarte Amazonian clay 12-hour folk
Everidge foundation in the shade real
sand probably my favorite foundation the
Real Techniques expert face brush this
is their blush brush I got the
Maybelline age rewind concealer on as
well as the NARS creamy concealer in the
shade vanilla and I've got the bodyshop
honey bronzer this is the NARS and
light-reflecting setting powder so I'll
just show you what this looks like it's
just like a white powder similar to the
hourglass ambient lighting powders but
kind of different that doesn't help much
does it um this is the hourglass brow
arch brow sculpting pencil Mac two one
seven this is the NARS eye shadow doing
the shade Portobello and I love this
eyeshadow little duo so pretty just
really neutral grounds and I put this
underneath this is the Urban Decay
primer potion I remember using this back
in the day this is like the newer
packaging I mean it's not even that new
anymore I'm just a little bit late to
the bandwagon but yeah forgot how much I
like that stuff
and I did my eyeliner with the Kat Von D
tattoo liner I've got a blog post all
about how much I'm obsessed with this
and then I put the Urban Decay 24/7
glide on pencil in the waterline
Maybelline the rocket volume express
mascara clear brow gel this is the
Clinique bottom lash mascara
and the tarte amazonian clay in the
shade tipsy which I cannot open there we
go
so nice shade oh and I'm going to wear
some lip gloss which is this right here
this is the Tarte lip gloss at the shade
tipsy so I've got to figure out what I'm
going to wear I mean I've already got
half my outfit on but I got to figure
out the rest I mean you know people do
tend to wear shoes so I am now gonna
head off I'm gonna go try to figure out
what I'm gonna wear as always please
ignore the mess in the background but
this is the final outfit I've got to
tuck the shirt in like better but I'm
showing my gray suede jacket from
Topshop a white t-shirt these shorts are
from Topshop and the boots are from
Topshop as well they're just like flat
boots so I don't know that's what I'm
going with today this is the thing I
don't know if it's going to be hot it or
cold it it says 19 but is it 19 with the
Sun is it 19 with the wind is it going
to be cold is gonna be raining do new
but I'm gonna wear this anyway okay bye
Reggie see you later
okay made it to off to the circus I'm a
little bit early which is good and I'm
just heading to the place where the
meeting is located so I don't know if
I'll be able to vlog in there but so I
just got out of meeting I had the best
breakfast I had avvocato on toast with
bacon and a juice apple beet carrot so
I'm actually off to a second meeting now
at liberty so Liberty is right down
there and I have about half an hour to
kill time I just popped in to and other
stories which you guys know is one of my
favorite stores so I don't know what
that accent was but we'll see what we
can find inside for some reason the back
door was locked so I'm just gonna head
into Liberty and just browse around
there for a few minutes they always had
the nicest flowers and of course the
make up section is divine darling divine
just admiring these cute sheets salt and
pepper shakers they are adorable oh
that's a lip liner swatch by the way and
just try get some water checking the
phone reading the tweets so I'm just on
Carnaby Street look why running - Ricky
Richard this guy pitches TV tech Rich's
TV yes so I'll link to his channel down
below but it's really weird because
we've never actually met in real life no
I mean we spoke before the internet I
misspoke you through and all that stuff
we never met I don't find out somebody's
like I stay I'm like my name the one
thing we have to say I am talkative yeah
you know we're just are just as hot
business
yeah so that's what we go he loves
Canadians so it's obviously I'm Canadian
so I love it too say what's happened
yeah
so it's lunchtime now and I have a very
special hot date with me who was good
you know who the date was all that
practice they told me who is she got hit
on whilst I was on the way here she's
probably by whatsapp she's like oh my
god a guy just asked me out on a date I
was like what yeah this is this never
happens this guy came up to me and he
was like like hi sorry oh yeah ever
happened this is the one time you've
always told me no does it and then he's
like oh hi you know I don't want to
bother you but I just want to say you're
looking really nice today and I was like
oh dang where is it's like where is he I
was like I'm on my way right now yeah so
um when you speak that up just make me
hurry up no no it actually happened I
was really flattered I was like anyway
so we're headed off to lunch we're going
to meet one of my best friends from high
school his name is Zack and he's
bringing one of his friends I don't know
if they're gonna want to be on camera
above the sea and unfortunately they're
running late so yeah we got some more
time to kill yeah I've been like
wandering around for like an hour
yeah so I guess we'll just head there
now yeah Papa to cause problem to cause
okay so let's roll just killing some
time and as one's favorite store cause
I'm like on his back all the time I
guess get some new clothes different
supper club here's my current view oh
yeah so here we are at house of HO and I
think we're gonna go away and I kind of
have to go to the bathroom if anybody
cares and we're gonna just wait for them
inside I guess yeah get a couple sunny
Ameriprise so let's go semana stay we
got a nice table by the window here i
steamed thank you um but uh my friends
are late on me and I stayed too slow
it's rotting around oh but it's not just
really fair enough they've never been to
London course I can
she's hungry and LA which is no good
combo I know maybe maybe people don't
know that's like my biggest like people
being like yeah yeah plus she feels like
we're really good friends so it's not
like awkward or anything but yeah I'm
like always that merger is usually 40
minutes early and when I'm late I get
but there you go you guys can sample the
soho life people walk in nice the food
has arrived this is wait is it Fobo or
both whoa both whoa it's boffo and it's
basically just like noodles and beef and
it comes with these like little style
things what did you get Bo bun which is
kind of like makes between a salad and
and a faux so you got the soup in the
bottom but you got like a salad some bro
bun guys so we just finished having
lunch and I think now Aslan wants to go
to some sort of photography gallery our
friends are actually studying
photography right now so kind of like
goes well together so I think that's
where we're heading I don't know how
much further it is but I'll let you know
when we get there
so we just got home it's around
dinnertime and I for one am kind of
tired um kind of took us a while to get
home but anyway we just fed Reggie and
letting them digest a bit then I'm gonna
take him for a walk I'm already in my
pajamas I'm walking in my pajamas don't
care pajama times having the jam time is
happening ladies you know that feeling
that you get sometimes when you just
feel like a sausage that's the only word
I can describe it nothing feels right
sausage sausage button yeah
yep uh you just feel a bit like I just
wanted to put my pajamas on and be a
sausage on the couch you know what I'm
saying
you wouldn't get it ladies only I'm
afraid so
I've got I've got my sausage pajamas on
I gonna sausage around tonight and I've
got added lots of videos tonight and do
things like that so I don't I know there
wasn't that much footage obviously like
with her friends and stuff they just
didn't really want to be in the vlog
which is understandable I'm not going to
like put the camera in their faces but
they will be here for a couple of months
and who knows you might see them I think
we're gonna hang out with them again
this weekend but yeah so I put that
doesn't say I've got Reggie's we
shotting these like come on are we going
or what
come on okay ready let's go
let's go throw up throw up let's go come
on I'm just totally not giving a flying
fudge today this outfit
come on Reggie
I'm just making myself a cup of tea
downstairs because I haven't had a
single cup of tea today Oh shock horror
um so that's just steeping and OH fuzz
fuzzy I thought I'd just remove my
makeup looking in the mirror I was like
oh it's such a shame to remove this
winged liner I know this could be weird
but does anyone else if they feel like
they've done the perfect wing taking it
off seems like such a tragedy but I want
to take my makeup off I'm surprised at
how well my makeup has lasted if you
think I did my makeup at 7 this morning
I've been kind of out and about all day
it's like almost 6 o'clock now it's held
up really well that's this is with no
touch-ups whatsoever so I'm really
impressed with that anyway uh yes I'm
just gonna wash my face and find my
laptop don't know where it is but yeah
find my laptop answer some emails and
stuff and finally drink my tea oh oh
sweet sweet tea
oh right oh that's it stops OH
dance with me Reggie come on play Reggie
oh oh he's like oh yeah I can play if I
want I think we should brush him you
think something yeah do you mean I think
you should I think you should brush him
I brushed him all the time so yesterday
as Len called me Reggie yes look we were
going somewhere and what did you say you
were like calm down Reggie or something
like that
no I was like oh that's okay Reggie yeah
that's a carriage ooh
and then I just called as one Reggie
accidentally I was like oh no you took
the recycling out good job Reggie and I
was like I mean you're just like yeah
damn I'm taking the recycling out over
Devon Oh what's this don't play now me
somebody talk dare you eat pizza
somebody told me to do it yes it's for
me yeah I am I'm hungry that's just
simple stuff
I'm very hungry right now are you hungry
yeah yeah I say the Vietnamese place we
went to was go get moving oh my god Hey
Oh gonna say the Vietnamese place was
built this place yeah Oh should we
address the what the fact that we never
smooches laid out rose yeah I have seen
a couple comments made by Thomas to us
there's so many comments so fielding
like you come on he's down in town next
time he's so many good like comments and
evil
like you never kiss your never romantic
kiss see she gets even worked up like
it's done it's not him it is me I am
just so like fine yeah I had to do a
quick oh yeah I am this like Reggie's
woke up already
yeah he's like oh stop it I am like the
weirdest person when it comes to PDA I
just don't like doing it I don't I think
there's a time in place and as well and
I are obviously in a very committed
relationship let's just say that oh good
there's a lot of love going on here like
a lot of love you don't see lots let me
don't see I just think I'm I just I
think it's cringy watching couples kiss
and stuff it's just me it's just my
personal thing some people love it some
people like to watch it I call that
porno so whatever floats your boat
but you will not be seeing us making out
in vlogs anytime soon but rest assured
when the camera turns off so I hope that
explains it yeah not too not too much
PDA will be going on on camera in fact
the state has made me sign a pact once
before way at all times no it's just the
way I am I don't know I'm not yeah but
we can like we can hug a family let's
look at this they all were touching oh
my god is killing me we just stood oh my
god Richie please it oh oh oh oh
my feet is burning we're having way too
much fun here what the hell are you
doing what is that this is a helmet
mount thing for a GoPro so agro Pro bro
Pro ISO meters they decided to invest in
a GoPro because I think it'll be fun to
put on Reggie and stuff and it's gonna
wait we're putting it on Reggie yeah we
can probably like I'm gonna try and like
somehow try and clip it onto is like :
oh my god that'd be cute um so yeah we
fought and won another one of the
reasons because I thought you might be a
good idea to do cooking videos with just
attaching a GoPro yeah let me try that
thing on don't you look by sexy today
you know what can I work with the clip
and everything the kind of the heck is
this work I'm sure with the create it's
the clip competitors yeah
the clip you gonna put it over the clip
you could take you don't just put it
over good
that's stretching though oh well this
what is going on here it's not working
okay just part yet a go you got it just
know it's pulling off my forehead just
get it literally port okay alright oh so
it is
8:07 right now and I was just flicking
the TV flicking the TV some intense
flicking through the channels on the TV
also don't mind my clip mullet right now
okay what's the new look anyway the
Pharrell and Oprah interview is on I've
already seen this but I was I love bro I
love Oprah this interview in particular
is amazing if you want to get into Oprah
watch this interview when I see one he's
like oh this other thing I wanted to say
I've had a couple of tweets today and by
a couple I mean quite a few tweets today
people saying where is today's balloon
and I just want to say again velu niz
every other day so I'm just flogging
every other day in June and yeah that's
what we're going with
so there will be a vlog every other day
in June just to clarify every other day
so we're thinking all
saying goodbye to you guys for another
day yep find up tomorrow with the day
after yep welcome you guys had a good
day
tell us how you day one yeah tell us the
highlight any day yeah I'd like to know
the highlight of it what was the best
thing yeah so I will be wrapping it up
now and we will see you not tomorrow but
the next day technically right yeah okay
bye oh I'm fine
when I was buying the groceries there's
this kid in front of me honestly he
looked about 12 years old and he was
trying to buy cigarettes and the guy was
like how old are you and the guys like
oh I've got my ID and he showed him the
ID him guys like how old are you and
he's like 28 obviously at a fake ID
right but two kids look so young he's
I'm 28 years old and the guy was like I
don't think so yeah
