good morning Lord Reginald happy bloon
day to Lord Reginald a good morning and
welcome to loon day too I am just of
course sitting at the table on my
computer I just set my non-beauty
favourites video live and I forgot to
input some information in the
description box and so I'm just doing
that right now it is 8:30 I am kind of
hungry but I'm drinking this delicious
lemon water I was so happy to see all
the comments in the last vlog about how
much water everybody drinks I don't know
why that makes me so happy but it does
stay hydrated people besides just having
normal water in here I've got some lemon
juice squeezed in now I've always liked
lemon water but over the past couple of
days asked them and I have become
obsessed like this is not normal like we
were watching TV last night and he turns
3 and he's like 11 water I was like yep
so we just squeeze like half a lemon or
a quarter of a lemon into your water and
it is so good just typing up a little
blog post on the Kat Von D tattoo liner
in the shade trooper oh yeah look at
that picture of me whoa it's a lot of se
button ok workout complete oh it was the
cardio one again today let me tell you
it's not getting any easier I need to
drink water it just got out of the
shower feels good I'm just doing my
makeup and I know I just did a blog post
on the Kat Von D liner but today I want
to test out the Stila stay all day
waterproof eyeliner that I already love
but I bought it in the Navy color and I
got this when I was in the Sephora in
Canada it's in the shade midnight and I
just thought I'd try something different
I don't think I've ever worn navy liner
before I'm hoping this does not go
totally wrong but we shall see so let me
just put that on right now whoa I have
to say it looks kind of cool I don't
know if you can tell what it looks like
but it is definitely blue now I'm going
to look in my stash to try to find some
blue eyeliner for the tight line I guess
oh god right here jeez that's convenient
YSL why is out and I
I had an honest Asya one as well that's
purple okay why I sell it is this is the
YSL oh dear dayson do Ragab i pencil
waterproof in the shade 11 ok the YSL
one which is the top a little scribble
is actually purple so I did find the
honest I the CI one it's the honest Asya
covet waterproof eyeliner in the shade
as Euler so now I'm going to put this in
the tight line let's do this thing
ok so that is the final line or look I
have to say I like it a lot more than I
thought I would especially with the
mascara because it deepens it up but
you're like is it black is it blue it's
midnight baby wow I can't stop staring
at it
I mean it looks black but it has like
that blue eNOS coming through this is
cool guys this is cool I kind of screwed
up this side but whatever I mean I'm not
fixing it every time I tried to fix it
it gets worse so I'm just leaving it but
wow really like that what do you guys
think I'm actually about to film a video
soon but I am hungry I got to fill that
tank up and look in the fridge we don't
actually have much I've got to go to the
grocery store later today but last night
as on the 9 desperate times ordered
Lebanese for takeaway so I'm gonna have
some leftovers this little pita bread
thing pickles pickles of course I
freaking love pickles and some garlic
man what's left but anyway so not the
healthiest but I'm hungry walk walk walk
walk walk look what this is a bit of a
tight squeeze here Reggie just got back
and walking Reggie and I'm finally going
to film my video after setting up all
the lights and the microphone and
everything like that so I'm actually
filming a hair tutorial for the hair
channel that I'm a part of on YouTube
not for my main channel or anything so
that's why my hair is wet so let's get
this party started the 1960s updo wish
me luck just finished filming I already
took the hairstyle out so you'll have to
wait to see but I'm just loving this
blue eyeliner stuff as you can see it
because I'm standing in front of a light
but I know I'm gonna clean up this mess
and then I'll see what I can get up to
next I can't be sure but I think
somebody's hungry let's see is we hungry
good let's give you some fresh water too
nobody wants to drink something with
something floating in it
that is gross I've been seeing a couple
of comments on our vlog channel and on
my beauty channel and stuff so people
have been wondering what I do as a job
and I thought that it was finally time
for me to address this so I'm all done
with school now and I'm lucky enough to
be able to focus and concentrate on
YouTube full-time I started this whole
journey out as a blogger so of course
I've also got my blog going on and I
also do consultation and other social
media works with other brands and
companies and things like that so all of
those things combined keeps me busy
during the day so anyway I hope that
addresses that point and now what I'm
doing is I'm trying to gather up some
items I might not go to the post office
today but I have to go to the post
office tomorrow oh and this is another
commonly asked question what does Reggie
do for a job
and Reggie's full-time job is being cute
lounging in the kitchen lounging in
their living room yawning and being his
normal cool self if you remember a while
back I did a whole blog post about my
pajamas from a sauce the pink ones and I
loved them so much still anyway I was
browsing the a sauce website and I was
like holy muffle they come in gray so I
just couldn't resist and my order just
came through with these pajamas so I'm
so happy they are like this softest
let's open this baby up just look at
these things don't they look like the
softest things of your life the bottoms
are kind of snug but not too snug they
are just incredible so I'm so happy to
have them in gray now too the only
pajamas I'll ever need
somebody was thirsty I have to go to the
grocery store because like I said we
have no food and we will need to be
eating something for dinner tonight it's
already almost 4 o'clock so I'm just
gonna quickly nip out and get some stuff
for a fur fry a stir-fried not a fur fry
although there's enough fur in this
house we could probably do a fur Phi for
Phi I'm not making sense
so I'm off to the grocery store and I
will I'll be back lots and lots of
groceries let's try to carry this back
now let's do a quick little haul grocery
haul of what I got first of all I got
some flowers I think I've quite pretty
they were on sale I'm just gonna put
them in this Bozz in a second I got some
milk I got to a pineapple mmm I got the
weirdest shaped cucumber you will have
ever seen in your life
what the hell Reggie isn't that weird
his face he's like oh my god what is
that thing oh my god Reggie I didn't
know you like cucumbers Reggie what in
the hell okay give that back now we want
to eat that as ones back home now as
well and he's investigating the cucumber
thing oh my god what is going on Reggie
ok Google this can dogs eat cucumber I
don't know I might just cut him off a
little piece see if he likes it whoa
never if we tried giving him like a
carrot once and he was like new so
apparently the cucumber is not toxic so
let's cut him a little slice obviously I
think is worse than a plastic like I
don't believe this
did you come work Wow
this could be and you leave for the man
yeah incredible very price raise very
breasts moving on from that I also got
some salad this is simple mix leaf salad
I got some spinach I got some kale
because I'm gonna be making a smoothie
not tomorrow but the next day I've
really planned this out obviously I got
some stir-fry sauce I'm sure this isn't
the best for you but and I'm certainly
feel like making one myself and I got
the Tesco crunchy vegetable stir-fry
premix thing blackberries cherries
chicken toothpaste cuz we are all out
like totally I don't strawberries this
is kind of cool it's an Italian olive
selection I've never seen these in the
grocery store before and I love all up
so that could be tasty and that is
everything so I'm gonna put this away
and appling is very busy putting
together a barbecue did you finish your
cucumber or did you just bite it up what
did you just leave it there Oh Reggie
Reggie
okay guess I gotta clean this up now
whoa out back so what happened to our
last barbecue basically the last
barbecue was too large for this space it
was a four burner and whatever he use
the four burners and it was just taking
up much space so I decided to sell that
one and get to burn incense more
economical
make sense tonight again this the same
crisis this will be its didn't lose
anything
did you go for gas back aghast you're
gonna go for a gas BBQ darling you have
to make sure that it has a lava rocks
because a non lava rock gospel who
completely gets rid of the lava rocks
way to keep that barbeque chargrilled
mess there have you ever had something
barbecued on a lover off barbecue you
know okay on a different note you can
probably see these white things blowing
around here like crazy let me just try
to pick one of these stupid things up
look at this they are everywhere and
they're all over our house inside like I
don't know they're like miniature
tumbleweeds what's he up to
you're in quite the mood today mister
take me out gonna go outside even got
stuck to you like this they're all over
the place he didn't actually eat the
cucumber just chopped it up yeah the
mail came through the mail slot today
and Reggie just casually walks over and
picks up an envelope addressed to me and
brings it right to his bed was never
good to you when I was buying the
groceries there's this kid in front of
me honestly he looked about 12 years old
and he was trying to buy cigarettes
yeah and the guy was like how old are
you and the guys like oh I've got my ID
and he showed him the ID and the guy's
like how old are you and he's like 28
obviously had a fake ID right but the
kid looked so Yahoo's I'm 28 years old
and the guy was like I don't think so
yeah and the guy was like this is just
ridiculous then he walked out it was
like a kid who's like 14 years old good
nominate but I mean I've been in
situation I think I was like any other
day
quickly run you used to have a fake ID
started back but I never used it
definitely not to buy cigarettes no
that's my cigarettes it's a get the
annoying thing what where I grew up
you needed a fake ID just to even get
into
these pups like the local Weatherspoon's
have a freaking bouncer at the door and
you couldn't get in unless you're over
21 so all those racing
Wow it was just yeah just even to get
into the public's crazy my friend's
sister gave me her fake ID for a price
of course it was not for free and I
don't even know why I wanted it I don't
think I ever used it did you did you
even look alike kind of what a pest
Reggie yeah you just kind of like what's
play he normally gets an energy spurt
around this time for like I know would
you say 15 minutes less than that and
then he's like knocked out again but
it's right before he gets to eat so it's
like right before his dinnertime he just
gets a little bit frisky know what if
Stallion just walking Reggie and look
guys it's snowing this is crazy no it's
not snowing it's these freaking white
fluffy things
it's crazy look at it they're everywhere
they're all over this place whoa
Guinea in a winter wonderland oh my gosh
like just here's a close-up like it
almost looks like cotton I know it's not
but I don't really know what it is at
the same time though just enjoying the
weather it's a pretty nice day I thought
it was gonna rain luckily it hasn't
started to rain yet so as one has the
barbecue completed I am terrified that
this is gonna blow up he assures me it's
not yeah but look at the inside here oh
my gosh these are the lava rocks and
lava rocks you see so smells weird but
yeah I'm just let's all just like the
little ends of plastic and whatnot you
know
so these are better than like charcoal
or something well not as good as
charcoal but it combines the convenience
of gas with the flavor of charcoal a
little bit of the flavor of chocolate
anyway so whenever the flat stuff drips
no worries just some of the lava rocks
expanding okay that's the heat so you
gotta make sure that happens
so yeah it's just a wooden one the fat
and whatever drips down it gets like
vaporized by the really hot lava rock so
it kind of gives you that smoky flavor
Wow
lava rocks who knew so let's get this
stir-fried party started I got my
vegetables I got this stir fry sauce and
some chicken so I guess you just come by
it well I guess I cook the chicken first
I better ask out one because I don't
know how to cook are you gonna lift me
up look what happens Reggie's gonna go
crazy
okay I'll point the finger lots of you
were like oh does veggie ever bark very
rarely but he does want to protect his
mama oh it's okay so the old man heating
up we're ready to stir-fry whoa what's
going on there hey I'm actually filming
an evening routine video which will be
out this weekend so good yeah I seasoned
the chicken with this this legume on
classic Chinese chili oil and estates
favor Montreal chicken smoked so Aslan's
using a double-handed technique but he
basically just added in the vegetables
the noodles and the sauce and I was
stirring it up and it's on a very high
heat
very smoky in here I have to say I'm leg
about side of carpet at but it smells
really good and I cannot wait to see it
looks like dinner is served
I did get a little bit of sauce on my
shirt here but whatever it'll come out
yeah so here's the finished stir-fry it
looks amazing really good job you
excited mmm oh yeah oh look it's like
kind of filming you a little bit okay
cool so we're all done dinner it was so
delicious a little bit spicy for my
liking my tongue is so red is it not too
bad you can't tell the video yeah I stay
calm that's my stool really
yeah I can't yeah and I thought like for
me this is like very very mild spice
note I was like super spicy and I was
trying to amp up it's not to make it too
spicy yeah I took one bite and I was
like water water but knows it was good I
just have really low spice tolerance
anyway I think we're gonna end the vlog
here mainly because I'm filming an
evening routine tonight so there's no
point in me vlogging what I'm doing
tonight and then also putting up an
evening routine down I'm saying
so you know just got to keep that
element of surprise up there so do you
want to see what I'm gonna do tonight
woo then how you can check out my main
channel in a couple of days that should
be up if you've been enjoying balloon it
would be amazing if you could give this
video a thumbs up and of course
subscribe to our vlog channel if you
haven't already and we will see you in
the next one bye bye bye it's so spicy I
have to use these gulps it's too bad
he's not drinking out of this water but
yeah that's kind of thing I suddenly
understand the concept of the waters in
there yeah you throw some of those
it's so cute and yeah the view is
amazing assistive gorgeous day for this
