good morning today is the first day of
blue yeah that's gonna get annoying I
would do that every day I need to pick
something better with it are you a super
excited for balloon I am very excited
for blue are you super excited for
balloon
I think he's yes ma'am his tell us why
he was talking about earlier
so today is Sunday and it seems to be
really hot outside I don't know is it
awesome tip Reggie for a walk I was 20
degrees out there so lovely the site
yeah
are you hungry for breakfast I'm
starving for breakfast what should we
have I know we have tons of berries so
we've got cherries berries
I mean cherries raspberries and
blueberries is about to get eaten today
we've got eggs yeah let's feast shall we
yeah okay here's what we're working with
a piece of toast this is like seed bread
I'm just poking like that yeah it's like
it's by Vogel's and it's like seed bread
and bread what's in it it's like lots of
different types of engines yeah sorry
and linseed and I'm gonna top that off
with some whole earth peanut butter
unfortunately this is the crunchy kind
we all know I prefer smooth no I'm not
going to skip you today I'm going
healthy is this stuff even healthy
though well what's in this Oh roasted
peanuts palm oil and sea salt
yeah but I think you can get some that's
just the peanut it's not the palm oil or
the salt or anything yeah I'm pretty
sure here's a beautiful plate of berries
mmm freshly washed ready to eat I might
have one of these right now
I love cherries I love cherries my
favorite my favorite is that your
favorite fruit yeah in the world
mmm so good I've also got a little
two-person teapot full of green tea
brewing you should probably take this
out oh and my water you may remember
this water bottle we got this at Costco
and I love it if I don't drink at least
this much water where's my breakfast I
feel screwed for the rest of the day
yesterday we took Reggie to the park and
we were doing a few other things and it
was 11 o'clock and I realized I haven't
even had a single sip of water
I felt so dizzy and lightheaded and I
don't know if it's just me but I feel
like I get dehydrated a lot easier than
your average person so I probably drank
well yes dad right maybe like six of
these cups of water maybe more I was so
thirsty and yeah I just drink a lot of
water some people can get into get by
not drinking any more salsa yeah I know
people who just never drink water and
I'm like yeah my sister was just to
never ever drink water yeah she actually
thinks it's weird to just have water by
itself
yeah so if you are one of those people
who doesn't drink water
how how do you survive because I can't
go like 15 minutes ago a big cup of
water so if you saw the last vlog you'll
know that I was mentioning these
gorgeous boots that I'm obsessed with so
I decided to do an entire blog post
dedicated to them whoa Wow oh wow a
whole blog goes to some boots that is
incredible that they got a prime spot a
Sunday slot on a C button cause like the
Willows I frickin adore them and you
took the pictures thank you no thank you
we're just getting ready to go work out
this should be fun I actually don't mind
I don't mind doing it yeah I'm kind of
enjoying it that's a lie but I'm like
I'm enjoying the feeling it's giving me
especially often it's late afterwards
yeah during the workout
it is painful it is very painful but
you're getting better visit yeah you get
a minute so let's do this thing
yeah I don't have any shoes on yet but I
just want to say these shorts are like
the best things ever because they have
this inner part here I mentioned these
in my non-beauty favorites but they are
the bomb calm these this part here flaps
this part stays put okay workout
complete that was quite hard
was the abs who was okay it was a for me
would have excited isn't necessarily my
abs I like it when you feel the add burn
like you know it's a deep down and it's
nice it's my lower back like my lower
back gives out way before my hands to
the back ABS
yeah but I didn't you know the back had
abs yeah I love back to just think yeah
you're gonna do more I guess the more
you do those exercises the stronger your
back get yeah so we've got strengthen
that core up ladies and gents
so it's almost one o'clock in the
afternoon now and we've obviously shower
done I'm ready for the day I think we're
gonna take Reggie now I don't think I
know we're going to take Reggie to
Greenwich Park and there's also a little
market there yep and we're gonna see how
he fares with the people I mean we're
gonna see how Reggie gets along with the
people there because we don't usually
take him around lots of people I don't
know we'll see and also its kind of
looking like it's going a little bit
gray out there I don't know it's really
hot this morning but hopefully it
doesn't start to rain so we're gonna
head it's all starting to show you what
I'm wearing so this is today's outfit my
Topshop suede jacket which I might have
to take off and this dress is from
Topshop as well it's one of their
boutique dresses just it's like
something loose airy comfortable my
necklace is from cause and I'm trying to
new lipsticks today this is my bite
that's kind of nice and then I'm just
wearing my regular sandals from office
Reggie's wearing Prada and Valentino
Ritchie Ritchie Ritchie come on Ritchie
good boy we've successfully made it to
Greenwich Park reggie is like what are
these new places as we were driving here
we were listening to BBC Radio 6 and it
was like a long kind of like not really
an interview with Jack White from the
White Stripes but more of like he was
kind of explaining his story and telling
a little bit about how he became to be
whatever but as and I were just talking
about the good old days when we were
teens Chapman to the White Stripes
Azen still rocks out to the white
stripes otherwise all the time and yeah
good times good ties with white stripes
so this is what we're looking at right
now it is filled with people people
everywhere as we were driving past we
saw the market where the food and stuff
is sold and there are just way too many
people for him to handle so we're
definitely not going to the market today
but that's okay we had a little snack
before we left anyway I don't know I
just don't want him to put him through
that I mean go into a new park is an
adventure enough for Reggie that's for
sure but I think it is important for him
to kind of go to new pick places and new
parks and smell new smells and he seems
to like it
check this out there's like a man-made
little cool thing where people are doing
these paddle boats I've never done this
before I've always wanted to do
something like that
I don't think Reggie will be interested
that's kind of cool it's fun day out for
the family so this is the general
overview of Greenwich Park it's pretty
huge isn't it and I was just saying what
the hell are these buildings apparently
it's Greenwich University is that right
this is the National Maritime zone
the towers are there oh that's cool yeah
this is quite a nice day for this
walking uphill now gonna try and climb
at the top and have a look at that view
it's not bad you have to see like the
city wasn't all that hard work view over
here look it's really funny this like
two-year-old girl goes I was like mom
look it's a horse - Reggie yeah it's
nice
there you go made it to the top kind of
financial Inari war
if you move cut it to the left you see
the city and there's a shot there yeah
it's nice you ducking yeah I'll be there
somewhere all the difference again yeah
Wow let me zoom in on the Gherkin
there is the gherkin right there took my
fingers cheese graters also just to the
left of it yep yep sir
nice you they will just chill out here
for a while yeah that's good ready some
water buddy
so we brought along this bowl thing it's
like a dog bowl for a water bowl on the
go you know so this first time we've
ever used it so we brought some water
along and the bowl Reggie is very
exhausted
hey cool well terrific okay that would
see if he actually drinks from it
Raji there you go
Reggie you look pretty here you go
maybe hold it up to him it's too bad
he's not drinking out of his water
please nobody understands the concept of
the waters in that yeah get used to
those oh it's so cute and the view is
amazing of system gorgeous day for this
knowing what we're just gonna walk
around a little bit more and then get
going I guess we just ran into these two
girls and they were like saying how soft
Reggie's fur is and it really is soft I
think it's cuz we pet him so much that's
Maslin things as we pet him all the time
so he's got very soft shiny fur we are
back and we've just kind of been
chilling for like 20 minutes to half an
hour I called my mom you know the huge
but I think we're both a little bit
hungry so we're gonna go out for lunch
well it's gonna be like a late lunch
early dinner I was thinking of going to
the south bank because they have
restaurants there and it's nice to walk
around it's like nice and pheenoh Q no
and I don't know so is that what we're
doing yeah so we're back on the road so
we're just wandering around a bit taking
the scenic route and of course we're
back out to Tate the Tate or just Tate
Salem
Tate Modern and there's this Matisse
exhibition but apparently our neighbor
told us it sold out until like well for
a very long time Sunday so yeah so we're
not going to see that anyway we're gonna
go wow that's pretty cool
he's buying so no we're gonna go try to
find a place to eat now as suspected on
a beautiful day there's lots of people
but it is beautiful
feels like we're doing lots of
sightseeing today but here are some of
the London sights from a different
vantage point again there st. Paul's
right
and then there's the cheese grater and
the gherkin back there so that's kind of
cool I love hearing the water splashing
around
it's very nice day today you enjoying
yourself it's a nice Sunday today so
we've got Oaxaca up there that's an
option Aslan always loves Oaxaca it's so
romantic
that there's a ping-pong restaurant
around here and once I get the idea of
dim sum in my mouth on my taste buds
it's got to go down so we're gonna look
for that now we're just having up these
stairs well what an active day we're
having yeah we found it ping pong and
absolute salsa keen on going around here
and see if we can get some type of
finger food
well maybe afterwards maybe after yeah
good idea so we're here and I'm just
hoping the menu and I can't find a drink
I'd normally get I can't remember what
it's called but it's like a lime and
mint the iced tea thing but I don't see
if anywhere on this list so what I might
do is get this lemonade with peach puree
that sounds pretty good so my lemonade
came and they don't have any stuff so
they show me the strawberry kind and
apparently I just pour it in
already
it's apparently like real strawberry
puree the food is here and we're
actually storing some up here on this
hedge here are some spring rolls lots of
good stuff
woo dim sum Tower these are the beef
dumplings which are my all-time
favorites and then I've got some spicy
vegetable ones which look the same and
then if I can lift this oh as it has
these pork buns can't wait just
wandering through the market now it
seems like everything is pretty much
closing up for the day
understandable it is late on a Sunday
night not too late but you know we're
just walking through the market thinking
why the hell did we go to ping pong when
we could have had delicious market food
oh well I think we're gonna get some
churros for dessert but a cup of it yeah
just because
that's what I'm talking about
so we're just walking home and we ran
into Cynthia who is a viewer of our
videos just like our us mmm as well as
well and as would actually notice we've
got a baby on board
it's a congratulations to Cynthia thank
you she's like you're a real person I'm
like I do exist yes she's real
yeah next time you when you see how I
should say hi as when test tasting a
peanut butter brownie but let's see it
in there in the package that's it butter
brownie is a good bad standard nothing
special it's just no brand new something
about oh yeah I could have made that
nothing special
so we're still on our way home and we
actually ran into Helen quite literally
she was running she doesn't want to be
in care for too much because she was
just in the middle of a intense workout
we were on like an intense food workout
yeah yeah do different workouts so it's
quite a bit later now it's about seven
o'clock at night we are home with Reggie
Aslan already took him for a little walk
if I didn't already tell you guys that
and I'm back in my loungewear whoo we
did a lot of walking today huh yeah bit
of exercise which is good yeah I tried
to burn off then dim sum but so I think
I'm just gonna edit this vlog that
you're watching right now and just chill
out for the rest of the night so I think
I'm gonna cut it off here I hope you
guys are enjoying Luhn already and I
will see you in the next installment of
loon now remember this is every other
day in June so there won't be video
tomorrow but there will be one the next
day
no I'm saying okay so I will see you
later bye but it wasn't like both my
bridesmaids are just like funny
and the person beside us no like was
like farts
