good morning world it is a little bit
early well it's not early anymore it's 8
o'clock but I woke up at 6:45 um because
I'm trying to get ready quickly I've
just done my hair and my face but I
thought I'd finish the job you know time
soon so I just decided why not vlogging
in today I've logged on Wednesday you
guys seem to like the weekday vlogs and
today is Friday Friday so I thought I
would vlog I don't know we'll see where
the world takes us today I'm headed to
another meeting this morning but it'd be
there at 9 oh my god I'm gonna be there
at 9 I gotta go very quick outfit of the
day because I am running late and I
don't even have my shoes on yet but this
top is from monkey I know it looks like
pajama top but I like it I think it's
cool I don't know I think it's kind of
chic in a way I just talked it into
these jeans these are the Jaime jeans
from Topshop same ones I worn the other
vlog I believe and I'm going to put some
boots on and I've just got a little
tight top underneath so let's roll hello
Richie
oh hi Mitch luckily Aslan took Reggie
for a walk this morning so I don't have
to do that right now I'm rocking the
nude today love these things
we just got off the tube and I'm
actually not late I'm five minutes early
so that's good but I still have to walk
there it was like a million bloody
changes not really but I always try to
do the least amount of change as
possible even if that means I'm going to
be on the tube for like thirty minutes
longer
there was like five changes to get here
so I'm exhausted if you can tell just
went into the restaurant there was no
meeting we had I didn't get the email
that came last night that said that the
meeting was going to be rescheduled
story of my life ladies and gentlemen
the story of my life so I guess we're
going to have it another time but woke
up at 6:30 perhaps with no reason so
anyway I think I might going to hold
food tab because that's where I am just
grab a couple of things then I'm headed
home food glorious food since our
meeting was scheduled to have breakfast
during the meeting I'm not making sense
I didn't eat breakfast so I am
absolutely starving NASA I'm just
wondering what I can get for reckless
compulsive something's good so just got
home
yes I am officially home I was just
thinking I can't even be mad at gmail
for not getting that email Gmail burn up
in a minute you know because it's on my
computer it's just that my phone I just
find that my phone sometimes doesn't
pick up emails right away or like I'll
get emails a couple of days later but
it's dated the original day that they
sent it so I think it's just like a
problem with my phone so anyway that's a
lesson to myself to just check my
computer I thought I'd show you what I
got from Whole Foods okay I got these
mixed berries to have for my breakfast I
thought I was going to eat them on the
way home but I'll have them now I got a
watermelon because Allen and I love
watermelon mm-hmm I also got this gum at
the till it's like it says fresh mints
Sicilian lemon and fine English
peppermints so it sounded interesting I
got some mozzarella this is like this is
I always feel like this feels like a
testable to do it's like umbrella you
know I'm saying no too much and I also
got a little thing of guacamole because
Whole Foods does amazing guacamole I
needed some more tea it's the licorice
and peppermint tea by T pegs
oops turbo okay I got the traditional
olive oil biscuits to dip into some
hummus later I also got a foot rasp it's
cold but it's really like a cheese
grater for your feet
and Oh some little treats for Reggie
this is some jerky and these are some
dental strips for his teeth
seems like Reggie's going for it you're
gonna have fresh sparkling teeth and I
am eating my berries and I'm just
checking out the latest blog post on su
button Comte I'm just gonna want to make
sure that it was scheduled properly and
I also just put up my may favorites so
we're interested in watching that it is
now up yem yem yem i love berries I'm
just getting ready to film now I'm
filming a non Beauty favorites which
will be up on my main channel and later
on this week well next week technically
I guess so I'm just setting everything
I'm getting everything ready trying to
think what have I been loving non beauty
related someone film this I also made
myself a very nice cup of tea to go
along with this filming endeavor just
finished filming the non beauty
favorites and I'm just trying to
organize this a little bit because it is
very messy I get a lot of questions that
my lights and stuff and how I store them
this is how I store them just in the
corner just taking up space never mind
no big deal so now I'm just going to try
to organize this because I have some I
have some mess going on here I had asked
this on my Facebook page but I think I'm
going to be vlogging every other day in
June I just thought it would be kind of
fun and I love doing vlogs and you guys
seem to like the blogs least I hope you
do so I thought I would vlog every other
day in June that way it's not too much
not like se button overload and I think
I'm gonna call it loon I know that's a
very strange and stupid name but I can't
think of anything better I don't think
I've ever done a giveaway on the vlog
channel old giveaway giveaway I actually
bought some makeup while I was in Canada
I'm going to be giving away one of my
all-time favorites the honey bronzer to
someone that is amazing that's my
favorite bronzer and I also picked up a
Tarte lip gloss this is the lip surgeon
lip gloss in the shade tipsy I don't
want to open it but it's like a orange
coral color much like the Tarte blush in
tipsy and this is the Stila in the
moment I shadow palette again I'm not
going to open this but it has some
neutral shades along with some purple
colors I bought myself
the Stila eyeshadow palettes as well and
I've really been liking it so anyway if
you want to win those items it's open
internationally all you have to do is
give this video a thumbs up and you also
have to be subscribed to se button vlogs
and leave a comment down below telling
me one of your Holy Grail all-time
favorite makeup products and that will
get you entered it is way past my
lunchtime so I think it's time to make a
little salad not entirely sure what I'm
gonna put in there but some stuff down
here so tomatoes this is some buffalo
mozzarella cucumber lettuce spinach I'm
going to peel a beet and this has
nothing to do with salad but I bought
this the other day
it's a lily pad silicone lid and it
basically like seals in like if you have
like leftovers it seals it and I don't
know if it works but I'm gonna try it
maybe later today I've been waiting to
try this since I bought it I am sad
individual here is the buffalo
mozzarella when I moved to England as on
and made like maybe a salad or something
years ago put some mozzarella and there
I was like what the hell is that I had
never seen it before
I always thought mozzarella was like the
typical North American mozzarella like
in the package I did not know that that
was what Braun Sorella was I was
terrified but I born to love it it's
almost like tasteless but in a good way
I have to say this salad is looking
pretty dang delicious if I do say so
myself
it's got lettuce spinach beet root
mozzarella tomatoes balsamic vinegar
olive oil and I completely forgot to cut
up the cucumber but screw it I'm hungry
Reggie's chilling in this bed in the
kitchen because some crazy stuff is
going on in the living room something's
broken we move this in here and he's
sleeping on his rad he has his pig his
ball his rawhide he's a comfortable
comfortable man oh we moved he was
resting his head of a pig go to bed good
bed oh I can never catch these cute
moments on camera Oh Richie so it is
finally time to use my lily pad I was
eating me hummus with some of these
nachos
I'm just going to cover this little bowl
of nachos and it took me quite a while
realize how this actually works and this
is literally the perfect size so check
this out not a go like this oops
no not like that and then look you can
actually lift it off the ground people
people look at that so it creates a seal
that is amazing
my grandma would died for one of these
things I'm wearing that dior rosy glow
nail polish again that turns kind of
purple in the sunlight I think it's so
cool I'm it kind of makes my nails look
like they're about to fall off but you
know in the chic way so Aslan and I are
going on a hot date tonight we're going
for dinner and a movie it's not that hot
because I'm going to get my eyebrows
threaded beforehand but you know
whatever it doesn't doesn't matter the
thought that counts it's just for
convenience purposes so I forget where
we're going up dinner but Aslan did make
reservation somewhere nowhere to fancy I
don't think and then we're gonna go see
that movie bad neighbors something it's
called I'm kind of up for a laugh so
that should be fun
just taking Reggie for a walk man so we
are headed off now to well first time
meeting my eyebrows done and then dinner
in that a movie all right he's back so I
just thought I would show you what I'm
wearing I'm wearing the exact same thing
that I wore in the daytime but I've
added my pink leather jacket doing a
whole dot and it's fun to give you
general general I just wanted to give a
general overview of the overall look
okay nice Japan fandom padding down yeah
and you just take your clothes above
their shoes oh wow the shoes look great
do you like them yeah I think I really
like the cutout yeah it's like revealing
adds a touch of sexiness to it otherwise
heel is not a normal dude yeah yeah so
that is it and I guess we're gonna do
you want to do it over today no I do not
drinking he's wearing bright purple
socks I love them
it is hot in here it's not right I just
post rush hour that's still like a lot
of people are sweating and it's like
Friday so most people like stay out for
like an hour so just got off at Oxford
Circus and in there so there are so many
people here unfortunately there was a
huge delay on the underground so I
missed my eyebrow point meant kind of
annoying kind of annoying but that's
okay I felt really bad I had to call and
say that I was sorry that I could call
tell them I was going to be late but
c'est la vie that is life so I think
we're heading for doing them so here's
the restaurant we're going to choco
latte or something like that it's all
black very chic so we're just deciding
what to get I don't know where am i oh
yeah I'm gonna get this one the Lomo a
La Parrilla
and I think Alan's going to get this one
and we're going to get a few stars well
this place is actually a bit of a weird
combination
it's a Japanese Peruvian fusion but so
we've got like hardcore graffiti you
know - keep it straight keep it edgy on
the wall and then we've got low lips
swirl design chef you know that's which
is nice I was looking at the menu and I
was like
like no idea what kind of so it's really
interesting I've never had prove you
well we don't we'll having weird a few
free things I supp no I guess I just
didn't realize that
cool romantic like it yeah I like nobody
really other side we are quite it's
quite early well 67 o'clock this is wait
for me yeah the food is arriving we
bought some vegetable tempura you got
some deep-fried frog edamame this is my
little peach cocktail non-alcoholic and
severe for Aslan going all out
I might be still a came and it looks
amazing that is a work of art right
there and I love the police OMG smoked
purple potatoes that's so cool are you
enjoying some bars in school yeah that
is Lauren now this is about a giant corn
I ordered some beep hot
kebab things I think is gonna be really
good we have that beefy flavor so we
just finished dinner and it was amazing
it's lovely yeah a surprisingly good
yeah it was so good so now we're making
our way to the cinema to cinema cinema
the theater spire tickets yeah I am are
you oh okay oh okay we're let's go to
the back so we can oh those are the ones
that are available that's the front
oh it's encrusted I think these actually
I don't know okay here okay oh okay oh
my god
fuel it up with the tangos whoo so we're
in theater and we have our popcorn and
snacks and everything unfortunately this
is not fit in a cup holder demo please
very inconvenient so Houston Imam mr.
square watching us
thank you so much Gruffudd here is a
British cinema in case you've never seen
it a tiny little thing and if they I was
always taking the pitch I mean this
cinema has like eight screens or
something yeah so it's like compared to
North America lens is so tiny but I
don't mind I actually look for a lot but
you're Canadian
the Canadians do they have like a lot of
screens as well as a section so we just
saw the movie and I could tell us what
was not feeling it and to be honest I
didn't think it was amazing but I loved
the only parts I liked for with the
quote-unquote old ya who were like 30
and that made me feel like oh god I'm an
old person cuz I under like the old
people parts I was fine we had a good
few laughs but I wasn't alike over like
bridesmaids or just like funny for well
and the person beside us no lie was like
all the parts like it was so weird oh my
lady it's funny but it's not that many
but there were some funny parts but the
other thing is like all the money parts
were already in the trailer
oh yeah I look I'd already seen I can
bring an airbag cushion like that wasn't
funny because I knew is gonna have Mary
so sore the trainers
we are by the way in Leicester Square
aren't we and Leicester Square it's
quite nice at nighttime it's all kind of
lit up oh and one other thing do not go
see that movie with your parents just a
warning it would be awkward and we're
back
yeah he stood over it jeez oh alright so
we just got back home and feeling pretty
tired so I think I'm gonna call it a
night
where you enjoyed coming along with us
today and that's it anything else no
okay laughs see you later bye alright
but I know this is really sad but I've
arranged our groceries in a specific way
this is the least healthy m and this is
the most healthy and they're always in
my brother's account yeah look at that
beautiful beautiful
