good morning everybody I'm back baby I'm
back I decided to vlog today I don't
know just kind of felt like it just kind
of thought why not bring you along on my
day today it's a weekday today which is
very weird I rarely vlog on weekdays I
normally just flog on the weekends a
typical weekday for me is literally just
staring at my computer screen from
morning until night but I am going out
later on today I've got a hair
appointment and I have another meeting
and stuff but that's not till later on
so it's 10 o'clock in the morning now do
you guys know what I do before 10:00 I
am
I walk Reggie I take a shower I put my
makeup on and I'm just kind of letting
my hair air-dry
speaking of Reggie man hey buddy he
actually went on a nice long walk this
morning which he loved and now he is
exhausted as per usual so right now I
have to tidy up because there's a
there's a man coming pets hums sounds
weird but there's a guy coming to fix
something so I don't really want him
looking at my bra that's laying on the
couch you know I'm saying ladies and you
only need one time I got a I got a put
the Broadway time to unload the
dishwasher oh joy still sitting at the
kitchen table I guess I guess time
doesn't really show what's happening
what am I saying I guess on the vlog you
can't tell how long I've been in one
position but I've been here for
definitely a couple of hours and I've
just been replying to emails and typing
a blog posts and just like the standard
stuff that I do but I'm watching Judy's
blog in the background and I'm so sad
that the valet guy crashed her van
that's insane oh I would feel so upset
if that happened because they just
caught that man so Judy I feel for you
girl that was upsetting for me even I
was like getting all worked up on a
totally different note I've been
watching Prison Break every night um I'm
addicted to it I've always heard of the
show Prison Break but the past few
nights I've been staying up till 2:00
3:00 in the morning watching Prison
Break I'm almost done the first season
and I started it like a week ago it's
insane I don't know what that has to do
with Judy's van I have no idea what that
is doing anything but there are there
are two little stories for you I got
this notebook in the airport when I was
flying back to England and
I absolutely love it it's a moleskin sky
everybody says these freaking words
differently I never got to say anything
I'm so paranoid I originally saw this
notebook in Target when I was shopping
with my mom and I was like oh I love
that do I really need another notebook
no I don't and then through the rest of
my trip in Canada I was thinking about
this notebook and then when I went to
the airport I had some extra Canadian
money I probably should have just saved
it for the next time I went home to
Canada but you know you know what
happens in the airport things get you
feel you know I don't know you know what
I mean so the notebook was actually five
dollars cheaper in Airport I just
thought it was such a fluke that they
would have this particular color in the
airport like what a random color to have
it's not one of their standard colors I
don't think anyway I bought it I
absolutely loved it I love the color I
love orange I love yellow I love colors
as you can see I'm wearing color today I
feel like it just brings out positivity
I always feel a little bit better when
I'm wearing color and it's crazy because
before I never used to wear color I went
through a phase of only wearing black
clothing like literally would only wear
black clothing on purpose it was really
weird I'm just editing this video this
is my may favorites which I filmed
yesterday I filmed a couple of videos
yesterday so I'm hoping I can edit them
now before I have to leave which is not
likely and I also have to call the bank
because if you care I got a new debit
card and I'm trying to log on to the
online system and it's not working it
says I gotta call this number and I I
hate calling the bank so much I don't
know if I ever told the story but the
first time the first time I moved to
England I only moved to England one time
but when I moved to England I obviously
had to set up a bank account here and I
had to call the bank and this was like
fresh from Canada I was like couldn't
understand a single word of British
accents and when I called the bank I
couldn't understand what the lady was
saying she had a really thick Scottish
accent and which I'm sure I could just
like we're now but it was like something
I've really never heard before I
couldn't understand what you're saying
and I kept saying sorry can you repeat
that can you repeat that and I felt so
bad and she was getting kind of mad and
upset herself because like she was
speaking normally I was just being you
know whatever and I
like hung up the phone and I just
started crying and crying I was like I
don't think I can do this and I was like
what call the bank and I was like oh I
can't understand people how am I gonna
live here anyway I am I'm in a chatty
mood chatty chatty mood but anyway that
whenever I have to call the bank I
always think of that story but I've come
a long way now people I can understand
Scottish accents quick out for the day
before I leave I decided to just put my
hair up in a ponytail because I don't
know it's raining outside and I just
kind of felt like well it's not a
ponytail to bun
Reggie's hair isn't a beautiful slicked
back look so this is my outfit today
very casual as I like to say cool calm
and collected that's just another word
for casual I'm wearing this ribbed top
from Topshop I think it's like a neon
yeah it's like a neon yellow shade and
I've kind of brought it down a notch
with this gray corded like shoestring
almost necklace this is from cause I
believe my jeans are the Topshop Jamie
jeans in the gray color and I love these
I haven't worn them for a while and then
my New Balance shoes and a dirty front
mat I really like my jewelry today I'm
wearing this bracelet from and Other
Stories this is my standard ring and
then these two rings from Miami gal
which I got at that craft show and then
I also have another one of these above
knuckle rings on this hand and my nail
polish is the formula X incandescent
colour so I'm already running late is 12
o'clock and I have got to roll oh my bag
as well forgot to show you that this bag
is from cause it's a beautiful like
leather sort of tote bag and it's just
so handy for what I need to carry a lot
of crap
okay just got off the tube and I'm in
the lovely Sloane Square very posh
indeed I'm a little bit early for the
meeting that I have about half an hour
early I'd rather be early than late
though but I might just wander around
for a bit I jump up into the drugstore
and get a couple of things oh dear I
stopped in to cause that I got a t-shirt
a sweater and a necklace oh my oh my I
can't resist I don't know what's going
on here
I've got like these little things up
it's so pretty I love this little square
here this is what the street looks like
if anybody cares and now I'm headed to
my meeting here's Buckingham Palace in
case you've ever wanted to see it tons
of tourists as always I've always a
tourist though I don't mind it's so
pretty
you didn't guess I had to get into a cab
and head on to my appointment otherwise
I would have completely missed
everything
I'm just trying to run there quickly
because I have two minutes to get there
and I hate being late so I'm just
heading through common garden now trying
to get to a Veda the hair salon that
somebody recommended that I go to evade
on Twitter I thought why not I used to
go there and I thought why not I wanted
to change it up a bit here is the Covent
Garden
Piazza kind of thing there's always
something going on there and here is
Lauder a beautiful lottery where they
serve macarons and different type of
desserts and stuff ok I've seriously
screwed I've got the Google math so I
thought it was in the Vedas store
there's a Nevada store in Covent Garden
but apparently there's a separate salon
feel so stupid so I'm trying to get
there quickly it says five minutes I'm
running I hope I can get there in time
I really screwed this one up here we go
it's this big one here good thing I had
the trainers on now I'm going in and I
really have to pee
too much information so I just got my
hair cut and I absolutely love it I
cannot remember the name of the girl who
cut my hair
Sara Stephanie could be making that up
anyway I'm so happy with it I'm so
hungry I stopped at the like little cafe
that's inside it which is called limp a
wilted in I'm so bad at pronouncing
things I got a huge sandwich here and a
carrot pear and apple juice so I'm gonna
head home now eat my sandwich on the way
and then see what's up so I just got
home and I was like Oh where's Reggie
and I realized Aslan got home and walked
Reggie and they just got in okay so he's
on the vlog now Reggie just headed oh my
gosh it's so funny when his tongue does
that yeah that was like well all Reggie
did you see a CAT today he didn't see
the suspect package they don't see a
suspect package at world no it was just
like oh I thought it was a cat I just
thought the whole way bridgie it was
just trash you just just give up do you
say sniffing and then he's like pretty
pissed at me peanut
so you're probably starving now if you
are you can have the rest of my sandwich
with some frickin good sandwich because
I'm having cheese from the pen okay when
I was in there I'm talking to him what
I'm talking to you with when I was in
there they had the lepen cookbook and it
looked really good yeah like full of
really healthy recipes like salads and
stuff like that so I might where did
that on Amazon tonight
yeah really good bread sandwiches but
they had like this carrot salad recipe
it was so simple it was shredded carrots
lemon olive oil salt and pepper
but it won't but it may imagine how good
no taste what I think so can you do a
full pan on my hair okay I really just
got a it was right before but my hair
always goes like that but it should be
out in the back looks so fresh it
yeah it looks low like straight across
yeah good so yeah you know
isn't fresh these dishes didn't I just
do these this morning I feel like my
life revolved around dishes this face oh
no I'm not that but I'm just saying you
do the dishes you're like oh sweet clean
and then somehow like an hour later it's
like the same thing dishes the thing
that's never gonna stop I think it's the
mark of a good household when there's
constantly dishes you can't always tell
like in certain kitchens you walk
through those houses and you can look at
the can't stuff in the sink that sink
now I guess you just like you know yeah
and you're like we definitely use this
kitchen we use it as like an office a
kitchen at Reggie's bedroom this is this
is the room the room is amazing the
kitchen is the heart of the home yeah
and then this definitely is what lets
the eye light at the home the island
yeah the cat flap wish we had one I
don't think we fit through a cat flap
it's not that we need to get ready yeah
wouldn't be good for the burglaring
situation father just like God guys
already open up when their colors nearby
oh that's cool that's high tech Lobby oh
that all the bad one needs to do is just
invited over to think yeah yeah that's
true
it was it trees than anything yet so I'm
back in the comfort of my loungewear and
I think Allen and I might go to the
grocery store tonight because we don't
have that much food in the house but he
had to just pop out for a little meeting
of his own so I don't know when he's
gonna get back but hopefully soon so
while I wait for him I think I'll try to
finish editing my video i might start
editing this blog that you're watching
now and yeah we'll see when he gets home
hey mom so it's almost 8 o'clock now
Azlan just got back and do we really
want to go to the grocery store being a
grown-up and like doing grown-up things
like going to the grocery store isn't it
fun yeah super fun groceries when I was
a kid that used to like just like
couldn't wait for the day that I like
had bills and like had emails to do and
had to go to the grocery store isn't
that weird I think that's like gonna
call it yes that's one and I are in the
grocery store get going like school
children you know it's someone's that
way you can get cherries and flat
peaches as well you know cherries and
flashes so I'm gonna go donuts
she's an onion that's crazy crazy weird
I know this is really sad but I've
arranged our groceries in a specific way
this is the least healthy end and this
is the most healthy end they're always
the mouthwash doesn't count yeah yeah
but look at that beautiful beautiful
like it so we're back from getting the
groceries here they are I think we're
gonna end the vlog here though because
nothing else exciting is gonna be going
down we're just gonna be putting the
groceries away and you go to prison
right and I'm gonna be watching prison
breaks alone that's about it I hope you
enjoyed coming along with me today I
know it wasn't the most exciting day but
you know that's alright so I will see
you in the next vlog you know any
exciting teasers for what's to come
this weekend is the weekend of fun stay
tuned for the weekend of fun we have no
plans we'll work on something for the
weekend of fun bye bye we decided on two
big wieners whoo hey guys the hot dog is
good very very good
are you happy I don't want to get one
that's like
