hello guys today I will be doing another
DIY thank you for the kind comments you
gave me about the desk it meant a lot I
did spend a little bit of time thinking
about it and I'm glad that everybody
liked it and especially as they liked it
so today's DIY isn't a complete DIY from
scratch it's more like a IKEA hack so
we've got an IKEA piece that we're going
to modifying and hopefully making better
so we'll be using the IKEA PS 2012 table
now when it initially did come out in
2012 amoenus they loved it in fact we
had to them that we use as our bedside
tables I think though now that two years
have passed it's kind of looking a
little bit dated it's not looking quite
on trend anymore so what we'll be doing
is kind of updating it and making it
more modern I'm making it more like
something you might see in a home decor
magazine today so the main thing we'll
be doing is actually removing that
middle shelf whilst the middle shop does
have some sort of practicality I did
think it took a lot away from the design
so let's get rid of that and then we'll
be spray-painting the bottom into a
copper color
now copper is super popular in home
decor and it has been system kind of
became a thing about two years ago in
interior design
everybody thought it's going to be a fad
that was going to last about a season or
so but you know what
it stuck strong it's kind of like the
skinny jeans of the interior design
world you know so we spray-painting the
bottom a nice copper color and then the
top will be covering with a marbled
contact paper now marble again is very
super popular at the moment in interior
design you see everywhere we're not
going to be using actual marble because
I would have pushed the price of this
IKEA high way through the roof instead
we'll be using a marbled contact paper
which is a great way of getting the same
look but for a much cheaper price you'll
be able to use this side table pretty
much any way you can use as a bedside in
the living room it's a super versatile
piece I think it looks bright modern and
desirable so let's get on with it let's
see how we're going to go about updating
this IKEA PS 2012 side table okay so
first things first let's have a look at
all the components that you'll need
so obviously you'll need the actual IKEA
table itself as I said it's called the
IKEA P
twenty twelve table will also need a
white undercoat to paint the table with
before we put on the copper color you'll
need a paintbrush to apply the undercoat
with and you'll need a copper spray
paint if your local DIY store doesn't
have it check out Amazon that's where I
got mine from you'll also need a
spray-on clear coat the reason for that
is because the copper paint apparently
does scratch off quite easily circular
coat will protect and stop that from
happening and to cover the top of the
table you'll need some marbled contact
paper I've got this gray Carrara type of
marble but you can get lots of different
types on eBay step 1 is to construct the
actual ikea table itself so you want to
just grab your instructions and start
putting it together
honestly this table is really easy to
put together so don't worry I know lots
of people don't like to put together
IKEA furniture but I promise this one is
nice and easy you're not going to have a
problem there's a lot of screwing
together bolts so just grab that allen
key and start screwing away oh and also
don't forget that we're not putting in
that tray shelf thing in the middle so
just don't bother with that get rid of
it pop on the top and then there you go
it's kind of a nice shape like a perfect
cube yeah light airy exactly what we
need and after you finish admiring your
handiwork in all ways just take off the
top again grab your undercoat grab your
brush and crack open that kind of paint
and just start painting away try to do
your best to make the paintbrush marks
as fine as possible and if you do have
any drips or globs try to sand them down
once the whole thing is dried because
the copper spray paint will cling on and
expose any kind of imperfections so you
just try and apply a finer coat as
possible and one coat should do you
don't need to do more than one because
all we're trying to do is to create a
surface onto which the copper paint can
grab onto
once you've finished painting it I would
suggest you leave it to dry overnight
just to make sure it's properly dried as
you can see from this close-up you can
kind of see these paint marks and I
actually gave this a very gentle sanding
down with some fine sandpaper so step
number two let's crack out the copper
spray paint
I'm using this rust-oleum metallic
brilliant finished bright copper if that
wasn't enough copper code words there
for you don't forget to use some
protective gear I've got this scary Bane
looking breathing apparatus because this
copper stuff does smell kind of funky
make sure that you apply at least two
coats try to make the codes as fine as
possible because I've noticed that this
copper spray paint does have a tendency
to drip once you've done your two coats
I'll leave it to dry thoroughly it only
took about half an hour to dry it in
between the coats and then after the
second coat I left to dry for about an
hour and once your copper paints dry you
want to just grab your clear coat give
it a good old shake make sure you shake
it up for a good minute or so and then
just apply a couple of thin coats of
clear coat onto the copper paint the
clear coat doesn't take too long to dry
I left about half an hour between the
two coats
now let's put on the mobile contact
paper onto the top of the table as I
said I really like this mobile contact
paper honestly it looks genuinely real
to me
so grab your tape measure and measure
out the sides of the tabletop they came
out to be 48 centimeters and as long as
I care is doing their job well it should
be 48 centimeters for you to roll out
your mobile contact paper and on the
back you'll see a very helpful grid so
you want to just create yourself a 48 by
48 centimeter little square on the back
once you've got your square will now
need to do some adjustments to create
ourselves a few little flaps those will
come in handy later so what you want to
do is come out one centimetre along the
straight edges of the square which will
leave a little cube cut out in the
corner there don't worry I'll show you
how to cut this a little bit later on so
grab a pair of scissors and start
cutting away can I just say that this
stuff felt oddly satisfying to cut like
you know sometimes you cut things and
they just feel like sandpaper doesn't
feel right this stuff this stuff felt
like the paper couldn't the butter it
just cuts so nicely so yeah let's talk
about these all-important flaps as I
said you want to take out a centimeter
from the straightedge and then create
that kind of centimeter strip running
along the edge which will give you that
kind of square cutout in the middle so
you want to just cut out that square
using your scissors
then just keep on cutting along the
straight edge as you were doing before
so once you've done all the cutting you
should have these little flappy things
and we'll use those later to stick down
the mobile contact paper properly once
you've done all your cutting you want to
make sure the top of the table is nice
and dust free to prevent any air bubbles
or whatnot
now let's get down to business and stick
this thing down I found a ruler was
actually helpful here because it helped
to get rid of any air bubbles so once
you stuck it down on the top side you'll
have the flaps hanging over so you want
to flip the whole thing and then stick
down the flaps on the underside these
flaps will make sure that the mobile
contact paper won't kind of unstick or
stop moving around over the long term so
make sure you stick them down nice and
tight and there you go you've got
yourself your foe slate of marble and it
looks pretty good take a couple of steps
back and you probably build till the
difference going to be compared it to a
real piece of marble and all this for a
twentieth of the price I like it and for
an added aspect of practicality you can
get some hard floor wood protector
things and then stick them onto the
bottom of the table frame that'll help
if you want to you know move it around a
bit more so now let's let's just put on
the top and then that's still done
dusted so there you go easy as that this
one as I said this piece is super
versatile you can use it anywhere in the
living room in the kitchen here it is in
the bedroom it works really well as a
bedside table the top surface area is
actually quite large so you could fit an
alarm clock a lamp all your other bits
and pieces on there quite easily it
didn't take me too long at all to do
obviously I had to leave it overnight to
drive from the primer but apart from
that it took me maybe half a day in the
morning the finished product itself I
think looks great it looks like a modern
and crucially it looks a lot more
expensive than it actually is
I talked about price let's have a look
at the price of all the components right
here as you can see the total comes to
54 pounds now I think if you had
something like the undercoat lying
around at home anyway the cost would be
even lower and if you're lucky enough to
live in North America the land of where
everything is cheap this would actually
cost even less because I think the side
tables cost thirty pounds it costs $30
in America
so thanks for watching is DIY guys I
hope you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up
if you want to see more DIYs in the
future leave comments about what other
potential future DIYs you would like me
to do I'm hoping to do another one soon
how soon I'm not sure yet but hopefully
won't be too long it'll be super cool
somebody actually attempt to do this DIY
if you do please send me a picture and
Twitter I'll leave all my social media
details down below no much else to say
I'll see you next time bye
