good morning everybody I am back in
England with my favorite guy Reggie of
course and Aslan and we're just making
some tea steep in that D getting it as
strong as humanly possible I just very
interested in the smell this
multivitamin yes I'm taking multivitamin
and Reggie's I can know so we starting
the blog a little bit later today it is
10:20 in the morning we went to bed
really late last night like I wouldn't
stop talking I just wouldn't stop
walking it was like 2:30 in the morning
and I was like my body is like it's like
my dream come true
I guess they staying up late like it
guards good this jetlag that we have
probably took so much terrible so anyway
we were pretty tired but my alarm went
off this morning at 9 o'clock and I woke
up and walked Reggie but vlogging was
not on the top of my list this morning I
was so tired not too much on the agenda
for today
I'm going to take this guy to the park I
was thinking over we can go to a market
like a food market or something yeah
vegetables and things yeah tell me nice
I don't know and then you wanted to get
some multivitamin didn't you actually oh
yeah this morning
it's stay ones a multivitamin regime I
want to get on a multivitamin because my
immune system is very bad because like
kickstart yeah and everybody on Twitter
says multivitamins are pointless if you
have a balanced diet but I don't eat
fish I'm damn getting like a separate
omega-3 or cod liver oil capsule but I
hate the taste of fish so if I'm burping
up fish all day I know that's disgusting
but like I take these is a like cod
liver oil and abyss no I've already done
that oh oh it's so bad it's so bad it's
omelet time oh yeah see if I can flip as
well stir okay oh yeah I'm just having
some granola
oh yeah it's focusing well and this tea
is so good it is delicious and then some
blueberries for both of us to split I
know there's a lot of blueberries in
there but these are like Atlantic sweet
berries they're called super-sweet
Atlantic berries that's what I got well
they're the best ones just doing the
dishes I'm
cracking the whip watch.watch no I'm
kidding
Aslan's just offering in services here
helping me watch watch watch hi dude
watch which hey hey you how BIG's your
sharpie I'm gonna shine up the biggest
shop in town this is the Sharpie Magnum
look at this compared to normal sharpie
this is freakin huge and thank you very
much listen target one day and was like
oh I'm sure as I'm the white bat looking
for some reason a man who loves it that
is a big big nib that is a big name
let's compare names huh I bet everybody
out there feels inadequate right now Oh
Reggie look at your new toy Justin
Beaver a lovely Reggie fan gave this to
Reggie at the Canadian meet-and-greet
and he was playing with it earlier makes
like noise it is called Justin Bieber
I'm not making that up and it's kind of
cool because it doesn't make noise when
you squeeze it but only when you leave
it oh my god makes another noise as well
oh my god Reggie well he was playing
with a lot earlier but he's tired now so
we both just showered and got ready and
I'm wearing my hoodie and workout
clothes because you know I'm just gonna
have like a really intense workout after
this we actually are planning on working
out later but I just wanted to be
comfortable in my comfortable clothes
now we have to go to the post office
because I've missed a couple of packages
when I was gone so we're gonna just
quickly go to the post office and pick
those up and then I think I'm gonna take
Reggie to the park all right speaking of
my hoodie I just did a little selfie
action here and this took me hours to do
this good you don't even know how many
photos that took me like 40 ounces like
a lot of photos should I just show how
long it takes to take selfies for me
okay that was that was an outtake
this is just just how many oh you
definitely shine yeah just this many of
my horrifying photos how awkward you
guys I'm not trying to kid anybody and
try to tell you that it took me just one
snap to do that no
it didn't and I wasn't even happy with
the end result my eyes were taking up
half my face but c'est la vie we were
about to leave to take Reggie to the
park and Aslan shuts the door he's like
oh do you have the keys and I was like
no why would I have the keys cuz I was
already out and I was already out and
he's like oh I just locked the keys
inside I was like great one of our
friends has a spare set of keys in case
of emergencies like this so we're just
waiting for them to come and unlock the
door for us but we'll just take Reggie
for a walk around this park that's fine
I'm gonna be nothing like thirty minutes
or so so he is mine what what what
 what what was work work work
well as Anne and I were in the post
office I was like how big do you think
Reggie was when he was born cuz he's so
big like you just wonder we might be
like yeah this size but that's like a
horse like poppy pop so my name is this
small it's crazy
I I would just love to see Reggie as
little puppy we're in now woo is only
like half an hour so it's not a big deal
at all but I think as a little bit like
I'm not upset with himself but you know
how when you do something like that
you're just like no yeah not that
traumatic but yeah I'm saying Reggie's
like oh so Thursday it's been 15 minutes
so do you want to go to burn market now
I think we have logged at bro market
before but if you've never been to
borough market it is a must if you're
coming to London I think don't you think
yeah if you like if you like food yeah
it's a huge food market and they have so
many different types of food and I've
been there so many times but I've just
never tried everything and that's where
I got like those massive chocolate chip
cookies that one time yeah the food is
just amazing nice atmosphere it's kind
of cool it's kind of around the area
where Shakespeare was you know stomping
around right yeah as I'm told me that
one time and I never forgot it I was
like Shakespeare walked these streets
and I've also heard that bara itself
that area where the market is used to be
where there was like a huge plague
infestation like one of the worst areas
during the plague is that true yeah that
whole enjoy that as well now however is
very kind of bad by the time
it was like back in the day but anyway I
think we're gonna head there now
unfortunately Reggie cannot come because
he's scared of everything but let you
know once we finally get there okay just
approaching Borough Market right there
it's like in this building but it kind
of spans across like down there as well
but it's it's always quite busy
I don't mind it is a Saturday we're
being like ultimate tourists today yeah
kind of it's like a Saturday going to
bar market like it's like a recipe for
disaster usually isn't it well it's
night vision yeah that's okay I just won
that oh look it's a hydrogen bus here's
a hydrogen bus apparently as I was
telling you MIT's
water just water that's crazy this is
the future people there are lots of
people just as suspected we're walking
to get to the part where there's like
the food to eat but it is very
now we're on to my favorite section the
section which is food
English muffinz my favorite now what to
eat that is the question okay so we've
seen this stand here it's the cool chili
company here's a business card here if
you're interested Foucault's and they
thought like all these cool like little
kits if you want to make something I was
just talking about black beans this
morning and here it's like a black bean
kit so it comes with the beans and some
spices and stuff so I think we're going
to get that and then what are you after
dried chilies yeah as ones like been
looking at these chilies sit for like 15
minutes trying to make his mind up and
it's all going off we've got smoke look
up the sound of the cathedral right
there oh and we're looking for the
raclette are we just watch the pork
that's why it's like so this is what we
came over here for you see these uh
especially like grilled things like
grilling these cheese underneath and
it's like it's pretty amazing
it gets like nice and grilled and they
scrape it up on some bread
so she plan is abandoned because there's
a really long queue stretches all the
way down there like potatoes but it's
really good
we'll have to come back maybe online on
a weekday here we decided on two big
wieners whoo that's a German bratwurst
I thought Azam's does any I would say
bratwurst but an even Thea what is that
oh yeah maybe look at that and mine is
the frankfurter the very very pointy
pointy ended frankfurter with sauerkraut
ketchup and this weird kind of mustard
but let's try it
these bells have been ringing off the
hook for like 15 minutes
why are they ringing
yes I'm sort of a service that's that's
really funny though hey guys the hot dog
is good very very good decision I think
are you happy
possibly I don't want to get one and I
was like
what of this place called bread ahead
it's kind of a cookery school people are
learning how to make donuts and
different types of bread
this thing's ready does you really want
to know you want to go to you make it
done it might learn I don't think it's
no fun like this record so yeah looks
like the having fun look at that guy you
know it looks like he knows what he's
doing showing them around
uh-huh it's now raining cats and dogs
out there so I think we'll just wait it
out I'm really enjoying this hour
I don't yeah it's good isn't it it's not
too salty
sorry
when I pop into the space of alternates
got a vegetable food veg market and this
stays picking up some of this what kind
of lettuce is that okay okay clevis
that's kind of crisis yeah
pick out some fruit vegetable look at
this fruit look at all those berries
berry then we got like 200 if that's
potatoes different carrots weak twig
carrots what is that I've no idea that
can't be carrots or is it maybe weird
okay Ronnie and I have an oatmeal
chocolate chip cookie which is so good
oh I love this place
an Indian thali look at that Wow so I
know already and hold think about what I
could resist yeah I know good at it um
it takes you pretty good I got these
flowers at the market and they actually
look so pretty I can't wait till these
beasts bloom they're so pretty how could
I call my so beautiful a beast
this is his ritual after he eats wipes
his face on his bed standard Oh Reggie
Oh Richie since we got back from the
market I've been very productive I fell
asleep on the couch I'm obviously still
suffering from jet lag because I had
about probably had about two hours of
sleep last night I can't believe how
chippy I've been all day chippy trippy
what's the word chipper I'm gonna walk
Reggie in a bit and then I actually have
a driving lesson which I'm really not
looking forward to
I hate learning how to drive I'd already
know how to drive but yeah I've just
been taking these lessons for so long
because I'm kind of spreading them out
and it's been a couple of months since
I've been taking lessons and I just
didn't want to do it all like too much
in a couple of weeks I've just been
spreading it over a couple of months
because it stresses me out so I usually
just do one less than a week and
obviously I missed this week because I
was in Canada so we're gonna have a
lesson on a Saturday night because
things are getting wild but I really
like my driving instructor he's cool so
that's fine it's just the actual driving
thing that I don't like and that's two
hours so from 6 o'clock tonight until 8
p.m. that sucks but you know I'm gonna
do what you got to do my test is soon
it's next month so hopefully I don't
know hopefully I passed just pet and
Reggie Haslam's down on the on the float
I'm just taking enough with my dream
yeah we're having a bit of a lazy
afternoon Oh Reggie you so beautiful
he's like half up a bit so funny I still
want to see pictures of great great on
puppies join a google bet oh my god
we're looking at pictures of greyhounds
puppies there's oh my that's like him oh
my god okay let's see more more more oh
my god no your screen is dirty Oh Richie
that's what you look like that is so
cute
Richie
you grew up he's slowly migrating up
tonight he's like not on the bed at all
what's going on with his arm hey get
back on there right on red here's your
pillow
he's Doug hello you Reggie come on come
on let's go let's go come on
whoa dancing okay I'm running late from
my driving lesson got a girl see you in
two hours bye
so it is a couple hours later I'm done
with my lesson now let the relaxation
commence oh yeah don't forget it extra
wet huh what no goods world yeah please
Oh guys I don't think I could have done
a workout now
I don't know driving is really stressful
but today actually went really well you
gonna be roundabout yeah we went on the
big roundabout like the huge roundabout
and then also I did to reverse around
the corners perfectly he said he
couldn't have done it better himself
oh and then when he dropped me off in
front of our home he told me to parallel
park in front of the car right outside
the street I did it perfectly
would you say that okay that's a lie the
first time I screwed up and hit the curb
but then I did it again I was like how
did he say he didn't cut us a fan no he
said it's fine okay now did you say
you're confident ah yes I'm confident if
I've got plenty of room I can park no
problem so in the unlikely situation you
have lots of room in London's apparel
yeah pretty much
but I do feel like I'm making lots of
driving progress and I'm definitely not
as nervous like the first time I got in
the car I was terrified but now I'm
doing I'm doing pretty well so we are
relaxing now it's learn I'm kind of
hungry are you it is 8 o'clock at night
when I haven't eaten since Rome arcade
yeah we did oh so much pleasure you've
been eating heichou yeah Oh God do you
believe this look a veggie just have
some dignity man don't you
Roachy 24/7 oh okay so I'm going to just
make something quickly for dinner both
of us you're gonna fall out about that
so hungry but I'm just going to cut the
vlog off here because I'm probably not
gonna make anything interesting and I
have nothing really else to report
and with that we will say good evening
for the night and we'll see you in the
next vlog bye bye okay so we've all been
kicked out because there's a lot of
people here so we're going to go so
we're gonna go across the street to the
Eaton Center apparently so let's roll
guys
