good morning everyone vogue miss day 3
I'm enjoying the loveliest little cup of
tea the loveliest loveliest cup of tea
which I cannot grab maybe look at this
mug this was given to me at last night's
book signing by a lovely girl called
taya and I remember that because her
name is spelled te a like teeth and I
put tea in this that's how I remembered
I love it so much so if you remember
last night I had the worst migraine ever
and I woke up this morning feeling so
much better I am basically still feel
like my brain is bruised if that makes
sense and my eyeballs hurt just feel
really bruised but I feel fine so that's
really good other than that I have not
much else to report
our heating is completely broken it is
freaking freezing in here and we have no
hot water so I am just gonna drink my
tea answer some emails and then take a
lovely cold shower
nothing like a freezing cold shower on a
freezing cold day am i right
good morning guys are you guys doing
good I'm doing ok I'm gonna head to the
gym now I have a quick hour before
actually films the videos yes
gotta utilize that get him get out a
quick ninja situation go get swole try
to gains swole pumped up pump
I want to chase that pump house when
Schwarzenegger that was seriously one of
the most enjoyable showers of my life it
was literally like an ice cube it was
freezing oh my gosh I hope we can get
this fixed we have an emergency plumber
coming out today so I hope they fix it
because it's freaking freezing like
seriously our house is so cold the water
is hope
Oh what is life what is life no
seriously what is life I've been putting
this off and putting this off and
putting this off but it is time to put
away the laundry oh lordy Lordy lordy
I've let this get bad this was a really
long time ago but last year a girl sent
me this really cool calendar and I put
it in one of my favorites videos anyway
she emailed me and was like oh can I
send you my new calendar that I made and
I was like yes because I loved it so
this is called in retrograde 2017
calendar and it's by a girl named Becca
and I'm gonna have it late down below if
you want to buy it because it's super
cool but I'm just gonna show you so this
is January February April but they're
aren't they cool like I love the
illustrations so much and then it has
like little things like self-care tip
try interacting with people start with a
neighbor or a social media friend so it
has like little things like that so I
just love this calendar so much so again
I'll have it linked down below if you
want to go support her very cool I have
spent the past maybe 45 minutes wrapping
up some Christmas presents because every
time aslan came into this room I was
like paranoid he was gonna find all his
Christmas presents so I'll show you what
I wrapped I am really not that great at
wrapping but managed to wrap one two
three four five six seven eight nine
things I'm pretty pleased with that my
friend Lucy moon is almost here
we were actually filming some videos
today she's probably about ten minutes
away and I have not done my makeup at
all so I really need to do that right
now so I just had a delicious bowl of
minestrone soup it was amazing and then
Lucy came over and then she had a bowl
of minestrone soup
so we're actually just getting ready to
film now I just got all the questions
together because we're doing a thumb
talk video so we're gonna film out first
and then on Lucy's channel we're doing
something a little more immersive we're
building a gingerbread house so that's
what we're going to do yay and here's as
led the King helping us set up our video
so we're just sitting down to film and
this Bay just casually sets down her lip
gloss and lip liner they are literally
the only things I wear at the moment is
this and it's kind of gay oh my gosh
I've never actually seen a Kylie lip kit
I know they are like no I like him yeah
I'm not sure that worth the money and I
wouldn't do you see what happens to the
pencil no is it ready okay hang on wait
you'll see it in a sec it just pulls out
don't make it men
oh wow it does follow Oh as you can't
use extent as ooh it like puts itself
bucket oh yeah just get this one oh my
gosh that's my butt like I just don't
have the patience to go on there and buy
the like wait and hope to get the thing
but it looks amazing on you thank you oh
I want it they go good colors this is
the thing Oh extra goodies damn you look
I leave there nine so we're now moving
on to making the pepper caca whose
gingerbread house from Ikea yay and
Lucy's also brought all these little
decorations and including some chocolate
icing which I can smell it's smells good
I can imagine here oh it smells like um
just very trying to smell it it smells
like if you'd imagine Betty Crocker shop
yeah that's what it is
yeah yeah yeah strong so Lucy just left
we had a nice time filming I felt bad
though because I feel like really
sluggish today because of the migraine I
had yesterday so I wasn't as a beet as I
normally a.m. but um I was really happy
to see her and I think you guys will
really like the videos and now I'm just
checking out the email I'm just filming
down here that makes no sense
I'm just checking out the emails that
I've got to reply to importing the
footage from the videos we just filmed
and I just ordered some lunch because we
have no food I know I had that
minestrone but that just like did not
cut it and that was also at like 11:30
in the morning it was like a weird
brunch it was just a weird time to have
soup basically um and now it's almost
three o'clock and I'm starving we aren't
going out for dinner tonight but I have
to eat before then obviously so I've
ordered some Leon but um yeah I'm just
gonna work on that
apparently our heating and boiler thing
is getting fixed so yay for that I hope
I can take a bath tonight because last
night situation was just very depressing
but yeah so I will report back when I
have some food because I'm hungry and
just in case you wanted to see what our
gingerbread house ended up looking like
this is it very very impressive mr.
Reggie is not feeling the vibes today
either
he's very cold so I had to put his coat
on and he's not loving it but he's so
cute okay we're getting ready we're
getting ready to go do we have
everything
cute I don't keys don't worry I got keys
all the keys wallet wallet phone
Christmas present behind us right there
and that's it okay let's go let's go hey
what's going on down there
alrighty we have made it to the general
area where we're having dinner scratch
you back there what are you what are you
doing scratching your back my back Oh
doesn't that suck when you have to
scratch your back and like you have like
eight layers on yeah I know because it
bulky
anyway we are going to place called
village East it's in Berman Z I've never
been there before but we are meeting our
friends Jack and Eliska they also have a
vlog channel it's called we film things
and they're so nice an excellent series
this winter called vlogs from cold
places they went to like Iceland the
Czech Republic and all the other places
cover remember but there honestly
they're so so nice and they've been in I
think our vlogs before but yeah it's a
cold night but it's a really nice night
I'm really glad we came out actually
because I was feeling kind of a
lethargic there for a while but to be
out in the briskness is nice and there's
a lady selling the most beautiful
flowers and I might pick some up on the
way home because I like flowers they'll
pick you up with flower - whoo big we're
here Village East suburban Z let's go a
drag switch hey I'm just sorry I've been
expecting you
oh whoa you want to give that a go nice
maybe
so what are you talking about right now
it's quite funny all right guys we just
got home from dinner it was so nice
chatting with him we say oh yeah we got
kicked off our table that's how long we
were there for and we didn't know there
was like a time limit and the guy was
like you cannot have dessert you need to
leave now
so that kind of sucked but it was really
good now I think I'm gonna go relax but
the Iceland and that's it
I'm going to beautycon tomorrow morning
so I will see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog for that it's gonna be super fun to
come along so I'll see you then bye
you
