good morning everybody I am awake it is
Sunday it is 8:30 in the morning I've
been up for a while but I'm gonna have
some strawberries now and here they are
I just let it cut the little things off
then I'm gonna have the mess mat
breakfast and then today we're heading
down to down up reading to Toronto which
of course I'm really excited about
because it's the day of the meet up so
I'm gonna have breakfast shower and
we're gonna get going so we're just
getting ready to go now and I thought
I'd do a quick outfit of the day even
though it's something that I wear on the
regular all the time
I actually didn't bring hardly any top
so I had to quickly wash this last night
because I was wearing it so much but
that's okay so this is my suede jacket
from Topshop the t-shirt is from Zara
I'm wearing my black skinny jeans from
Topshop that the Topshop Jamie jeans
they're so super comfortable and my
sandals are from office now I don't know
whether or not I should try to paint my
nails in the car if this thing would
focus yeah it's one of the new formula X
well it's new to me anyway formula X
nail polishes in the shade here comes
the Sun I might quickly try to paint my
nails cuz they're in a complete state
mum's painting her nails in the car in
the Tim Hortons drive through this is
multitasking at its finest right here
and by the way I did end up painting my
nails really quickly with that formula X
nail polish I think it's so pretty I
absolutely love it
everyone probably expected I cannot read
a freaking GPS to save my life I've
taken about 25 wrong turns but it's not
my fault I'm just read what it says but
apparently not now we're having to take
an exit but we are almost there
we're here a couple of hours early and
the meetup is actually happening in
Dundas Square which is right across the
street from the Eaton Center I didn't
actually want to do the meetup there
because I know it's kind of in a busy
area of town I wanted to do it in a park
where was a little more laid-back but
everybody was saying that Park is hard
to get to that the public transport and
all of this so I hope this location is
OK anyway and this way everybody can
just find it and I can find it because
I'm not from Toronto and I don't know
where the hell I am right now but anyway
in a minute we'll be crossing this
bridge and you should be able to see the
CN Tower so let me see if I can get a
good footage angle vantage point of that
okay so there it is off in the distance
those clouds look ominous but um I don't
know if you can see this you know
zooming in on it guys you know I love to
zoom there it is the CN Tower
believe it or not I've never been up the
CN Tower and I know you can do this
thing I think it's called the sky walk
where you can let go and dangle out of
the CN Tower that is not happening in a
million years but dropped to those of
you who have done that that looks
absolutely terrifying there's like a
glass floor in the CN tower so when you
stand on it it's like a terrifying
moment we have never been up in so we're
just parking the car and I cannot
believe it only costs $10 10 Canadian
dollars to park for the entire day until
midnight we can park here for $10 kid G
and we're right downtown I think that's
absolutely crazy that's like the best
Canadian deal I've ever seen in my life
I guess I'm used to London parking
prices which is just crazy so I think
we've got a couple hours to kill I don't
know what we're gonna do maybe just grab
a little drink and not non-alcoholic
some tea or something and I'll catch up
with you soon so here are the streets of
Toronto
this is Dundas Square kind of from the
back and I guess this is kind of like
Canadians version of Times Square and I
don't really know but there's like ads
and stuff like that and this is the
Eaton Center we're coming up to a very
Canadian establishment route
Roots is like I don't really know when
it started but it's basically a store
that has like full-on proper Canadian
gear like wool socks and leather bags
and stuff like that I've got a traffic
jam situation but yeah fruits is a very
Canadian thing I think Exhibit A
anything with a beaver on it is Canadian
I'm actually oh my gosh look this is
like a blanket like those wool socks
that's cool I think Aslan wants one of
these route sweaters but they're really
known for their track pants which are
super comfortable but I don't know maybe
you'd like this one okay I just bought
the sweater for azan and check out this
sweet bag that is so cool I think we'll
just browse around the Canadian mall a
little bit but here's a Zara in Canada
let's see how this compares to the
British one mom just got these
sunglasses from loft on sale 30% off and
she's so pleased with this little pouch
that they gave her at the till which is
so cool I always love these little nice
touches so I'm just walking to the meet
up location out and it started to rain
I might have hung keep saying I wish
this rain would stop it's really pissing
me off I really do hope it stops raining
though because I don't think there's
like a roof or anything and yeah it's
not gonna be pleasant for anybody so I'm
in the square but I don't really see
anybody that's here for me necessarily I
do see some people waving mom is here
what do you think of all this so I guess
I'm just gonna start me by mom she's
like seeing okay oh my god I'm truly
sure oh my god so I was worried that
nobody was going to come
so I'm just standing here
okay so we've all been kicked out
because there's a lot of people here so
we're gonna go so we're gonna go across
the street to the Eaton Center
apparently so let's roll guys check out
this case it's a chanel case it's like
clear with them that is so cool where
did you get something like that online
online online mine raised to be and that
okay so we've been kicked out again and
I've got a new security guard fendi
fendi markets and he's I'm helping me
we're going to Nathan Phillips Square
now just because it's a crazy amount of
people but I did not expect so hopefully
we can have a little more space in
Nathan Phillips Square
okay so we've now moved to Nathan's
where lots of people here it's crazy so
hopefully we don't get kicked out of
this place because then we're out of
options
check out these nails SP button themed
nails that is absolutely amazing oh I
love this so it's pouring rain nice a
very much dedication very much I'm not
speaking English and and they came all
the way here from Montreal which is
insane let's see if you guys don't know
how far that is just like what eight
hours nine hours it's insane guys so
thank you so much for coming okay I'm
here with Caitlin just got the meet up
and she's got the cutest dog besides
Reggie of course and I have to say that
it's bark barley oh yeah
barley hello you cutie oh look at those
wrinkles
these are you famous barley you can
marry Reggie oh so we're just at the
tail and here the meetup and I'm left
with the three trooper girls I'm Marla
and I treated me oh yeah Evelyn I hear
you've been tweeting everybody saying oh
don't worry there Nathan Phillips Square
so I don't know how you know that but
that is so funny and I'm Olivia hi
Olivia
I'm Vee and I follow Regios and Segal
Reggie button we're all just hanging out
I think the meetup is pretty much over
now very overwhelming in the best way
and it's well it's it's so weird it's
like sunny but the rain is is raining
the rain is raining I'm not making sense
that the talking way too much okay so
the meetup is over and I'm just trying
to calm down try not to cry because it
I'm gonna cry just so ready just so
overwhelming I was so excited my mom's
like so I just want to thank everybody
who came out and stayed in the pouring
rain it is freezing I can barely even
move my hands and so many people just
waited and stayed and we had to move
like to three different places I know
it's just so overwhelming that so many
people would want to come see you boring
old me and I just thank everybody who
came so we just got home I just want to
say thank you again to everybody who got
me this incredible stuff you didn't have
to do that come on now but I appreciate
everything and I'm gonna read through
all the letters and everything right now
I just heard my grandma saying to my
grandpa cliff do you want to split a
donut so the donuts are definitely being
loved and there's some like cute mini
cupcakes and everything God you guys you
know you guys know I do not need any
more frickin cupcakes and donuts but you
know I can't resist okay so it's a
little bit later now and I've had some
time to kind of digest that although I
don't think I'll ever be able to digest
that because that is just well okay I've
already gone into this but yeah
absolutely crazy thank you again to
everybody who came out and made me feel
like this it's just insane
I feel so bad that we had to relocate a
couple of times and I had no internet
service so I had no way of tweeting it I
think aslan was tweeting like oh she had
to move and stuff so that was really
cool but I had no service and I feel
really bad about that
if any of you came to the original
location and I wasn't there and really
sorry I just like feel horrible about
that definitely was not expecting that
amount of people in a million years I
was like truly truly shocked very
overwhelming in a good way but
definitely was not expecting that many
people it's just it's just absolutely
insane anyway I'm just gonna keep
talking in circles because like there's
just no words to describe it and yeah I
think I'm gonna wrap up the vlog now I'm
gonna wrap it up because I am mentally
exhausted and my face heard so much from
smiling because you guys were just
making me laugh and smile and there were
so many amazing pictures and I just
wanted to try to express that it means
the world to me that so many of you
waited for so long in the pouring rain
oh it's just crazy it's just crazy I'm
not gonna get emotional again I'm like
so tired that I can't even get emotional
anymore like cry anymore but yeah so I
just want to say thank you again I'm
gonna end the vlog here and I will see
you next time hopefully I won't be
crying in the next love but you never
know what you're gonna get with Essie
button so yeah I'm gonna wrap it up here
and I will see you later
best viewers ever
store now let me just give you a quick
general overview of this place because
it's absolutely gorgeous all of the
shelves are so pretty and I'm actually
here with the owner Jen say hi we met
last time and you just kind of hit it
off and started talking about skincare
