hi red chief Red chief hello everybody
it is Friday and my mom is taking the
day off work and we're gonna go on a
shopping extravaganza kind of thing you
know just mother-daughter appreciation
time you could call it so I am pretty
hungry are you hungry yes yeah we're
hungry so I think we'll probably stop
and get something to eat and then I
guess we'll be on the road ready to shop
and we're going all over the place so
fasten your seat belts ladies and gents
is gonna be a wild ride oh and another
thing
I got another new camera because judging
from the comments on my last two blogs
the quality is absolute shiz and I have
to agree it is it was really bad quality
and I our old camera that broke they
actually returned it so then they gave
us the money back for that so then I
just bought another one of the same one
in Canada this is actually cheaper in
Canada anyway so we're back on the canon
s120 thank god
hopefully Aslan will not drop us in a
bowl of ramen again because that will be
it for me so hopefully the quality on
this video is better try to catch me
ridin dirty so we're in a at Mall a
small like Shopping Center in Stratford
yes the home of Jade Bieber Justin
Bieber I'm just talking my mom what do
you think of Justin Bieber I always want
to gossip you know okay ladies and gents
you knew it couldn't be long until I was
back at tarjay yes I just love going to
stores like Target because we don't get
anything like this in England like one
store that has everything
I always check the scene and I like
going to different branches seeing what
each store has what selection I live
life on the wild side I'm just
constantly impressed with the jewelry
here I love this one and I really like
this even though it's like a little bit
blingy I love that neon e color I think
I might have to get this one it's like
clear pieces with gold ones I love that
I am a lady who loves straws now look at
these cups they are like all twisted
around the cup and everything like that
that's so cool my mom's looking for some
new kitchen tables and we found these
ones at Target they're $40 each which I
think you really cannot beat ever a
chair and they're nice light gray felt
material pretty comfortable too so we're
looking for a rug for under my mom's
kitchen table and it's so hard to find
rugs and then we were just like in the
backyard section and we found this huge
stand of light outdoor rugs and they're
only $40 and most of like the regular
rugs are like 150 200 anyway this is the
one I think we're gonna go for it is so
pretty it's like a nice orange sort of
thing love it
follow your passion it will lead you to
your business
the only courage you ever need is the
courage to live the life you want live
from the heart of yourself seek to be
whole not perfect can I take these or is
that Fred upon so we're just downtown
now there's a store my mom has been
wanting to go to for months it's
basically a store that has like art from
local artists so I guess they just like
bring their art there and showcase it so
I'd love to check out the situation lots
of interesting things here here's some
very ultra Canadian polar bears there's
so nice though look at this when he's
dancing here's some more artwork up on
the top level it's really cool it's like
all done locally I guess which is quite
cool nice so the name of that place was
the art easin Asians Cartesian zone like
artesian parmesan parmesan what is it
people next shop on the agenda is a
store it's uptown Waterloo Ontario if
you live locally and it's a store called
I think it's the truth and beauty
company and I actually came here around
Christmastime when I was here with aslan
and I met with the owner and she was so
nice we were just talking about skincare
some just need to go see what they have
I think it's either all organic or it's
as natural as possible so it's really
good quality stuff so here it is the
truth and beauty company we're going in
so I am in the store now let me just
give you a quick general overview of
this place because it's absolutely
gorgeous all of the shelves are so
pretty and I'm actually here with the
owner Jen we met last time you just kind
of hit it off and started talking about
skincare but what can you tell people
about the truth and beauty truth beauty
company is that it is like the truth
unique company well is the place to get
all your sort of natural small niche and
of course safety beauty lines yeah
it's freely amazing stuff and she was
just telling me about this line here
which has activated charcoal in it focus
and I was just saying what's the deal
with activated charcoal and she's like
oh you know Brita filters same thing
yeah so it's really purify and detoxify
your skin keeps it really clean yeah so
if you're in the area come check this
place out because they've got amazing
skincare body care you do hair care and
makeup as well right we've got that too
yeah yeah I've never had a vegetable you
can fix it right now right here well the
room has to be set up but we're gonna be
doing you know custom lines and it's for
the exciting so that's really cool sweet
well mums just putting some gas in her
car and we've got like a lot of stuff in
the back piece it's so funny but yeah I
had a good time in the skincare plays I
thought I think I said before it was
truth and beauty company but it's just
the truth beauty company such amazing
branding and it's just such an me I just
love that stores so much now we're gonna
go home and try to put these new pieces
into my mom's house and see how they
look and stuff because it's always so
hard when you buy things like a rug you
don't really know how it's gonna look
until you actually put it in situations
says he's only saying that in sit you so
that's what we're gonna do and hopefully
everything looks good alright so I've
changed into my brothers sweater I found
it in the closet but I'm just so cold
and we're actually trying to hunt down
the dog because we're taking him to get
his nails cut so we're about fine is
when we're leaving you anybody let's
roll the Robin is in the met Jesus okay
you just heard me freaking out because a
Robin flew away I am a chicken
you may remember that I spoke about
these little T Pigs things you can you
like buy a little set and get little
tiny sample sizes and I actually got my
mom one of these for some sort of
occasion and I'm happy to see that she's
actually drank so many of them cuz I
kind of got the Z no she won't like
these but she seems to like a lot of
them hello mister are you glad you got
your nails done or you don't really care
this toy here if he stops sitting on it
this little chicken this was actually
one of my baby toys according to my mom
and then we gave it to our dog boom and
he loved it and now it's on to Louis and
Louis loves it too well he's not going
for right now but as you can see my
grandma had to like stitch the neck up
it's a filthy we wash it all the time
it's just like worse for wear actually
now that I feel in here it seems like
she's stuffed it with something grandma
so this is just so cute isn't it ooh
grandma's making dinner and Gramps is
cutting it with the electric right
really been working hard today and she's
making everybody dinner she made like a
roast beef and potatoes and like
vegetables and stuff so it's a my whole
lot my whole family but a lot of my
family's over and we're just gonna have
a nice little dinner together my aunt my
cousin and my would it be no it wouldn't
be my niece my cousin had a baby does
that mean aunt no it doesn't I don't
know what I have second cousin maybe and
this is what's on offer for dessert
grandma made it special with the
sprinkles love it so I hope you enjoyed
coming along with me as I did some
shopping with my mom I think I may end
the vlog here because I'm so full of
food it is always so nice to get you
know a nice grandma made meal her roast
beef was just on point today I have to
say so I will end it here and I will see
you in the next vlog bye bit annoying I
really hope I don't miss my flight
because she said this my own passports
now cancelled it
even exist anymore in the system so if
they don't issue my passport in time I
will literally not be able to go back to
England not to book another flight so
that would really suck
