I stays away but guess what life moves
on around here me rates still getting
hungry everyday so I thought I'd do an
Athlon cooks why not write the first
meal we'll be making today is from the
family meal cookbook by Ferran Adria I
hope I'm pronouncing that right this guy
actually runs El Bulli or ran El Bulli
should I say which is claimed to be the
world's best restaurant but this book is
more kind of very simple down-to-earth
meals that he cooks a home into the
staff and from here we'll be making the
chickpeas with spinach and egg this is a
really simple kind of earthy healthy
sort of meal and then the second recipe
will be from the book eats by Nigel
Slater and we'll be making the
strawberry who come as salad from this
book now it's kind of getting some rain
in England so I worried a kind of a
taste of some and the strawberry
cucumber salad will be perfect for that
okay let's start putting the chickpeas
with spinach and egg these are the
ingredients that you'll need about 500
grams of spinach 3 medium ripe tomatoes
500 grams of chickpeas some olive oil
300 millilitres of chicken stock about 2
teaspoons of flour or corn flour a
couple of pinches of ground cumin 3
garlic cloves and 3 eggs
let's start by wilting this spinach you
want a gay large size sauce wouldn't put
it on the heat and then rinse your
spinach and then drain it just roughly
you want to have a little bit of water
in there place that in the saucepan
there put the lid on and then put it on
a medium heat and keep on coming back to
it every soft and keep on turning and
tossing it just to make sure it's all
wilts evenly whilst you're at the hope
you might as well do some forward
planning get a smaller sauce spoon with
some water in it for your future egg
boiling and then get a large frying pan
and put some olive oil in there let's
actually check and see how the spinach
is doing AC it doesn't take too
long for this - well it's very quick I
think just me probably just like a
minute or more bigger that's all pretty
much wilted so what you want to do is
transfer it into a little straighter
then just push with a spoon or spatula
just to get out the extra moisture bring
it over to a chopping board and then
chop it up the next step is to get your
tomatoes and just chop them up roughly
once you've got them all chopped put
them in a bowl and then liquidizer
tomatoes using a hand blender then
strain in order to make sure there's
going to be no bits now this might take
a while I like to just leave it like
that and let gravity do the work then
let's peel and chop finely our three
cloves of garlic hopefully by now most
of the tomatoes would have drained
themselves if not you can just give them
helping hand or using a spoon but don't
push against it I just like to you know
spoon it over and we're left with the
tomato pulp juice in there now let's do
some actual cooking so get your large
frying pan and put it on a medium heat
and set the oil warm up a little bit
once the oil is hot let's add the garlic
and I'm going to let this sizzle away
for about 30 seconds or so now let's add
the tomato pulp stir this around for a
minute or so thank you i add your
chickpeas and your cumin and give it a
good stir and cook for about another
minute or so after that minute add your
stock once you've added the stock you
want to let it come to the boil and
reduce for about 10 minutes or so whilst
the chickpeas cooking away let's cook
some eggs all the quantities i've used
so far have been for 3 portions starter
I want a main meal so it's kind of like
to start a portion so I'm only going to
cook 2 eggs here
let's get these eggs and put them in the
boiling water and I've also just got
some cold water right here what I like
to do is take the eggs out of the
boiling water straight into the cold
water once they're done to stop them
cooking in
take these eggs out and place them in
the cold water here these are just about
cool to the touch so let's peel these
bad boys so let's come back to the
chickpeas these have now been reducing
further well bit longer than 10 minutes
probably 15 or so but that's okay that's
not going to hurt them what we want to
do is add spinach to get that
incorporated throughout so we've got
that mixed up nicely now we're going to
do is just taste because we want to add
some salt and pepper
definitely pepper not too much salt
actually if we reduce it so much there's
lots of salt in the stock now this would
be the point where we add the flour to
thicken it up because I've reduced it so
much it almost needs no flour so I'm
just going to add a tiny tiny bit let's
take this off the heat now it's ready to
be served
plating up is very simple hey presto
there you go this is going to be a very
kind of filling earthy kind of meal I
love this sort of thing in fact I'm so
hungry I'm going to tuck into this
before we make our fruit salad ething
let's move on to the strawberry and
cucumber salad so what you're going to
need is some elderflower cordial some
honey some cucumber some mints and some
strawberries for the dressing you want
to get a blender or a food processor put
in three tablespoons of honey ten mint
leaves five tablespoons of elderflower
cordial and then give it a whizz
oh wow this was amazing
nice prepare that cucumber I picked up
this habit from I stayed whenever she
prepares cucumbers she makes them kind
of striped like doing this and like I
said I think I like it because it when
you chop them up they have a look at our
nice appearance
cut off the end they want to slice it
lengthwise so roughly this one's a
little bit bent and using a teaspoon you
should want to go down the middle and
take out the seeds here so we've got our
deseeded cucumbers I want to just chop
them up into rough cubes let's place
these in a bowl now you want to get your
strawberries there's about 500 grams of
strawberries here and just slice off the
tops to get rid of the little green en
so we've got my strawberries and
cucumbers in there now we want to get
our dressing just pour it on the top
here go and just toss very gently you
don't bruise the strawberries too much
so I'm going to be plating up here here
we are and this will be the perfect
antidote to that very earthy and sort of
heavy mane this little freshen things up
a bit so there you go that's it two
meals done um I think they go quite well
together because they are just such a
contrast no one else to say from me I'll
see you guys next time bye
