good morning everybody I am still in
Canada and it is 9:20 a.m. I've been up
since 5:30 jetlag will do that do but I
was like thinking oh my god I should
start the vlog it's like 1:00 in the
afternoon but no it's 9 a.m. I have just
been running around like crying to renew
my passport and I got my passport photo
taken yesterday and I look like I look
like a serial killer from the 1970s
let's put it that way where's that
picture I really don't want to show you
this but you know we're friends now so I
feel like you've seen me at my best do
you see me at my worst and I have seen
me as a 1970s serial killer there she
blows Wow I stay you really you really
have outdone yourself in my defense it
was so hot and humid the day I got this
photo taken it was like 30 degrees and
it's so humid in Canada right now like
my hair is just a big ball of frizz and
there's nothing I can do about it so
I've just accepted it but now trying to
fill out the proper form to actually get
my passport renewed and it's really
complicated because I actually live in
England so that's what I'm trying to do
now just get the right form and get down
I'm gonna have to actually call the
office and ask
I finally got my damn is printer to work
oh my god this looks like a frickin
nightmare okay so I figured out the form
I needed I filled it out and I am ready
to roll however I need to take my
grandma to the pharmacy she needs to get
a prescription for my grandpa I am I did
tweet this last night but I don't know
if I should really be getting into this
but my grandpa is you know not doing so
well he was at the hospital last night
so he now has a fancy new oxygen tank
and yeah he's got some medicine that the
doctor prescribed to him so we're just
gonna go get that and then after that
I'm gonna go do my passport thing but
first to the drugstore it's like pure
chaos over at my grandma's right now the
phone is ringing she's doing million
things we've been trying to leave for
like an hour it's okay I don't mind but
it's just she's all stressed out but um
yeah we are going you think I am like
slightly neurotic I'm not saying my
grandma is but she's very like me like
like oh what's gonna happen we got to do
this what about this what about that
like very like no so that is definitely
where I get it so I don't blame her at
all because I am the exact same way I
need to do this blog are you gonna help
me hold the camera yeah so just hold it
now don't worry it's already recording
and you got a point to that me though
because I'm gonna talk well I just put
it this way no you gotta point it to me
it runs to me which is the FRA oh this
is the rat oh I didn't know where that
was even on that okay you ready yeah
it's looking at me well just I don't
have all your face on it okay boy
don't worry is it off I yeah we they'll
get the gist yeah alright so I'm just in
the car now taking grandma to the
pharmacy and yeah you've probably never
seen me behind the wheel I'm driving my
grandma's car I absolutely love this
little car it's so cute
but we will let you know when I drop
grandma off and then I'm gonna head
straight to the passport office okay
that's it now just press that red button
this red button here
just in the Tim Hortons drive-through I
normally don't go to drive-throughs but
hey When in Rome you know When in Rome
and I'm going to be getting a bagel ooh
hi can I please have a medium steep tea
with two milk and one sugar these are my
old stomping grounds here this used to
be a Burger King I remember like being
sick and my mom like saying like oh
let's go to Burger King and stuff like
that but they've now turned it into a
Korean barbecue and it's just crazy like
how things change but yeah I remember
like being in high school and coming to
this Burger King at lunch good times
with Burger King
I'm just waiting in line to get my bagel
and I am praying I can find this
passport office I've never but have been
there but not for a very long time
anyway and I am absolutely starving
because it's 11:20 by the way here's a
Canadian five dollar bill if you have
never seen one it is blue it's got
wilfred laurier on there I believe and
it's like that plasticky kind of money
so there it is and there's an astronaut
as well let us enjoy this bagel together
oh hell yes urban granite cream cheese
baby whoo Wow
Oh mm-hmm
I think I made it now to the passport
place and just heading in now since I'm
just gonna be here for a while I thought
I might as well insert a clip of me from
yesterday talking all about food let's
talk about food shall we I'm not gonna
lie I'm a little bit high off an ice cap
right now if you don't know what an ice
cap is it's basically like an iced
cappuccino but it's actually just liquid
sugar so I'm a bit like boo boo boo
anyway I my office at work and she's
like I don't you mind going to get the
groceries and I was like okay here we go
okay I'm I really need to calm down
because that sugar I've haven't had that
that much of a concentrated dose in a
long time before I get into the healthy
food I thought I'd show you the donuts
Tim Hortons I went there on my own
accord 50 years two horns has been in
business apparently at least I think
that's what that means
I would I would assume so
so I got - vanilla dip because my
they're my brothers favorite so I wanted
to give him one and then I'll have one
myself
old-fashioned glazed doughnut maple
dipped donut what more is there to say
double chocolate doughnut and a honey
cruller hell yes
anyway I thought I would do a little
food haul healthy food haul because I
know I always like to see what other
countries have to offer baby spinach
spring onions I got these one sweet
tomato which was in these you know kind
of like weird packaging and apparently
there are super sweet Tomatoes love it
this is my favorite ice cream I know
this isn't really a healthy but it's the
haagen-dazs vanilla Swiss almond I
cannot find this anywhere in the UK so
whenever I come home I get a tub of it
and it's actually melting so I better
put in the freezer blueberries I got two
packs of strawberries because they were
on sale so about two packs and I got and
what is this this is a nectarine I got
some olives because I cannot go a day of
my life without having it olive I also
got some of these string beans a lemon
and avocado I got some of these fancy
carrots with the green thing still on
them so that should be a that should be
good I always think carrots like this
that still have the green whatever these
are called on them always taste better I
don't know maybe I just made that up
field packed for freshness lettuce I
think it's like a couple of different
types of lettuce if you can see at the
bottom there so then we're gonna have a
chicken salad tonight so that should be
good I saw this palm juice but this is
with mango so I don't actually love
pulasa like i like the palm juice but i
find it to be really sour so i thought
maybe with the mango would be a little
bit sweeter and I'm just kind of curious
I just wanted to try it
Montreal chicken spice I love this spice
I always use it on my chicken
seriously Allan's like do ever season
with anything else the answer to that no
I got these like two tiny little piece
of steak probably nobody probably wants
to look at that Parmesan cheese Parmesan
parmesan parmigiano Brahmas in parmesan
I just hate that word with the passion
of Parmesan cheese I got some linguine
which is like fresh so I thought that
would be really tasty I want to make
some pasta carbonara pasta alla
Carbonara whatever you guys know what I
mean the stuff with tha that I all
because that's an easy thing that I can
even cook and just to get really
Canadian up in here
it's true what they say Canadians drink
milk from bags here's a bag of milk okay
I've never seen this before this is how
a lot of Canadians drink their milk it
just comes in a bag Oh BRR it's freezing
my hand off they just use less packaging
and basically I don't know if we have
one on the go right now yeah so then
what you do is you put it in a jug like
this okay and then you snip the corner
off and that's how you drink your milk I
know very strange very unusual behavior
but in Canada that's how we do it and I
think that's everything so I'm going to
be sitting down now and enjoying every
single one of those doughnuts no not
really but seriously why not maybe I'm
on holiday so I just finished applying
it was actually so fast I didn't even
need to wait however they don't know if
I'm going to get it before my flight
back to England I mean I paid the extra
money to get it fast-tracked and online
it said it should take three days but
she said it can take up to 10 days so I
don't really see what the point of fast
tracking is because regular time takes
two weeks so annoying I really hope I
don't miss my flight because she said
this my old passport is now cancelled it
doesn't even exist anymore in the system
so if they don't issue my passport in
time I will literally not be able to go
back to England off to book another
flight so that would really suck now I'm
gonna head to Best Buy I have a couple
of items I need to try to pick up see if
they have it in stock I looked online
and they said that they did have it in
stock but you know how these things go
sometimes sometimes the internet lies
okay made it to Best Buy finally I got
lost a little bit but you know the best
of us did not have it as I suspected any
time I try to buy something at Best Buy
they don't have it every frickin time so
now I'm actually going to head to the
mall because apparently there's a place
that sells the things I'm looking for in
the mall and there's also a Sephora in
there so
damage could be done I really do not
need to be back in the Sephora but here
we are we're at the love vanilla stand
and I may or may not have a couple
things in the basket
oops I did it again I played we feel
okay let's give target a try
hey Chelsea I totally forgot that
Starbucks was in targets here so I got
the freaking ice over joy I cannot wait
to try this baby right now
holy chai this is incredible I'm looking
for a kettle for my mother because
believe it or not she doesn't actually
own a kettle crazy time she microwaves
her tea it is insane
I love wandering around Target they have
the best stuff here and it's so spacious
like there's so much room on either side
it's amazing nobody knocking you over or
anything like that so I just browse
around kill some time
I found these straws they I hate metal
straws and make my teeth feel weird but
these are like first of all they're cute
second of all I think I made a boy into
the world Roger so those are happening
I forgot my curling iron in England of
course but the plugs are different
anyway so I kind of want to have a
curling wand that just stays here
because whenever I come home I want to
be like dragging things back and forth
but now which one to get well what is
this thing that looks that looks like
something that rhymes with tilde but you
know I just came across these little
stools and Target and I think they're
amazing or $60 a little bit steep but
they have like a really nice fields that
I think they're amazing as in what hate
these with a passion but they are cute
seriously freaking a door Target like
look at these things these are cold
virgins they're so nice I just say like
the home decor stuff here is amazing and
its really good prices as well my mom
needs like a couple of home decor things
like I got her these pillows in there
hope she likes those we shall see uh
yeah I feel like a soccer mom gone crazy
because I'm like loving life right now
even these fake flowers look really
pretty this camera is not
justice at all Wow seriously impressed
and look at these cool bosses oh they're
so nice though I'm in target with Elana
and she's like are you missed a room as
if I don't let you think I know how to
say it yes and we're just kind of
browsing around I I just love all the
target things and I was telling her how
much I love and she was telling me
there's like a birthday line oh joy oh
joy
well there's some sort of birthday it's
not my birthday until August but I could
be August by up17 I'm 25 I thought
you're gonna say what does that make you
a Leo it does sir but Leo's here so I
seriously cannot get over this whether
it is like English whether it's well
it's actually worse it's pouring pouring
rain this is not just like a drizzle so
anyway I got really got sidetracked and
Target they didn't even have the thing
that I went for which is a juicer so now
I'm trying to go to Future Shop maybe
they have juicers I don't frickin know
and if that fails I'm going to Walmart
and then if that fails there will be no
juicing going down in my mom's house so
let's let's get rolling it's two o'clock
in the afternoon whoo I'm back at home
now and I've just kind of been editing
today's vlog and I'm uploading the last
vlog which you've probably already seen
and I'm going to edit a beauty video
which is going to go up on Saturday so
just a lot of editing going around I
told my mom that I got the juicer so
we're like all pumped up to juice
tonight I don't think she's ever even
had big she has been she has had I don't
know but I don't think she's had um like
beet juice or anything like so it should
be interesting for sure my brother said
anything but beet
I love beetroot juice though I'm skyping
with Aslan now yep what are we talking
about anything interesting our same old
boring stuff the family is home now and
I'm going to be making dinner for them
the only thing I know how to make
carbonara I pulled out the eggs and I
was so shocked to see that they were
white it's been ages since I've seen
white eggs that's so crazy they're brown
in England yeah yeah and most have
is on them my mom's like that's probably
better though yeah like they don't all
have feathers on them but yeah they're
not white for the most of most of them
anyway Bon Appetit no we're just having
dinner and I look at the window and
there's a rabbit in my mom's garden
eating her flowers but he's so cute
oh my god and Reggie saw this rabbit
things would be going down right now
that is so cute
oh so mom and I are just sitting here
trying to think of a couple things to do
when we go to Toronto because we're not
really from Toronto we don't really know
the area that well so of course we're
going for the meetup on Sunday but if
you guys have any recommendations of
places to go in Toronto like shops or
restaurants or anything leave them in
the comments below because me much
appreciated so it's a little bit later
now and I think I'm going to end the
vlog here and just do some chilling out
you know hanging with the family and
whatnot I'm not sure when the next vlog
will be but stay tuned because there
will be more Canada vlogs and I will see
you in the next one bye I'm in Walmart
now and this is the Canadian stand I
just have to show you if you're
interested in Canadian magnets keychains
this is definitely the place for you
