good morning everybody whoo it is 746
I'm trying to bump myself up
I've been up since 6 o'clock in the
morning because I'm headed to Canada
today and it's always like bittersweet
because I love going home but I also
will this Aslan and Reggie course but
that's okay I'm going for it 10 days
just to hang out and see my family so
I'm just trying to quickly get some
breakfast together I might have some
strawberries and toast and tea I'm
vlogging on the new camera today so we
shall see how the quality is I don't
know okay buddy it's time for me to go
I'll see you later Reggie see you soon
oh he's so cute
just walking to this little terminal
desk thing on one of these cool travel
aiders is that the goal yeah
drop later so clearly we have made it to
the airport
Azlan actually came with me I always say
that looks like my music whoo I always
do that you just stop that via aslan
always takes me to the airport even our
charger
yeah even our neighbor was like you're
taking her but you're not going and
she's like I'm gonna have to tell my
husband that you know that's so nice I
love when he does that so I think we're
just gonna go check in and yeah I'm
wearing no makeup today I feel feel
sickening you look beautiful Thanks no
makeup look is always best like and my
skin's a little bit whatever whatever
you know what I say
whatever how did w's now know that said
that's just whatever I'm flying with Air
Transat and apparently it's not with the
rest of the check-in that's really funny
and I have their own like old floor yeah
so you've got to go on this live to get
to and that's crazy
okay just checked in the luggage
everything is all good in the hood
Aslan was just like Oh where's the queer
doughnuts good I'm thinking the same
thing because there is like a Krispy
Kreme and we got look South Toms yeah so
good
so we might just get some breakfast I
did have some strawberries at home but
you know you got to fuel that tank we
made it to giraffe which is actually one
of my favorite places to go for
breakfast yeah it's really good at like
lots of style I think we had a breakfast
in home yeah when we went to Rome I
think did we yes good script up nice
little menu not too buzzing there are
some people around button yeah
don't know what I'm gonna get maybe a
BLT and some juice of some kind
okay smoothies just came and I just
thought I'd show you if I'd never show
this before when you get a smoothie at
giraffes II put a giraffe in this movie
not sure hygienic that is they're kind
of cool mister and the food is here it's
like a tortilla or scrambled egg soup in
breakfast yeah if you're Mexican tell me
do you have this sort of breakfast it
looks good though it'll it'll be pretty
happen and I got a a BLT with some
potato wedges just made it through the
bags have been secured the person has
been secured as long as left sadly there
was there were a few tears I'm such an
emotional wreck at all times Mike you
know it's only ten days but I just get
emotional so anyway I'm going to go find
my gauge behind my seat and
see where we can go from there
made it back to Canada in one piece yay
I'm on an escalator walking up and I'm
not just walking superfast right now so
now I'm just gonna go get the rest of my
luggage goes your custo
and go see my mama
that was very quick journey through
customs and I'm actually already at the
luggage thing before the luggage is even
here so I'm just gonna stand around I've
got that little adrenaline boost I don't
know if anybody else who lives in the
other country gets that when they go
home I'm glad to be home always so happy
to come home and I'm excited to see my
mom as well I'm feeling pretty tired
pretty disgusting like I need to wash my
face I'm kind of hungry because the
plain food was nasty like on another
level
so yeah just going away from my life I
made it and I have been reunited with my
mother do you think we look like so I am
starving right now and the tradition is
that I always get a sub whenever I come
home sorry we're going to get sub oh
yeah
we're going to get a sub oh yeah mr. sub
here we come so we're looking for the
car at first I thought my mom lost it
but no we're actually on the top floor
of the parking garage however all the
exits to the top two parking garages are
closed now we're wandering around trying
to figure out how we get the roof but my
mom's pretty badass type of long-term
sure we'll figure something out so the
car is on the level up there however all
of these doors are locked and closed so
I I don't know how we're gonna get up
there I hope we're never gonna leave
we're never gonna leave um I'm actually
like kind of confused here this is not a
joke this is not just me trying to make
up material here don't know if you can
hear me over the blowing but I have to
say it is freaking hot out here I
definitely do not need the scar from the
suede jacket that is for sure but we did
find the car so now we are going to get
us up oh yeah baby mr. sub I'm gonna now
sing the song
there's always something good going down
of mr. sub mr. so I'm vlogging grandma
oh yeah oh that's okay that's a screamer
I'm just hanging out at my grandma's
house and they're going through some
skincare because benefit was actually
kind enough to give me a few products to
give to my mom and have my mom and my
grandma are going through it is so funny
and they're just loving everything
another way to go for it
so that's because my grandma's saying
keep the boxes there so nice
so anyway I'm just chilling out with the
family just doing my thang gorgeous if
you don't remember from last time this
is my mom's dog Louis Louis Duncan we
call him
LD dunkey Louis Duncan he's so tiny come
here he wants me to throw his ball
that's wet a lot smaller than Reggie I
don't know if you can see me because
this new camera apparently has a smaller
sensor according to Aslan so whatever
that means but I'm just sitting in the
living room watching Oprah with my mom
we're actually about to go to Walmart
because I need to pick up some deodorant
and toothpaste and a toothbrush how
exciting but it's pouring pouring rain
let me see if I can show you out the
window oh my gosh it is pouring
I don't know if you can see that out
there but it is really really coming
down this is not doing it justice at all
yeah the weather's been really weird
because when I got here it was almost 30
degrees like boiling hot I actually got
a sunburn on my arms and on my face in
the car on the way home
so yeah it's just crazy weather now it
is really pouring and lots of people
have been tweeting me saying that
there's like a big rainstorm where they
are in Canada so anyway I think we're
gonna just chill out my mom's drinking
some tea and then we're gonna go to
Walmart Dana and her Charitable
Foundation
who's in work one-on-one with artisans
and manufacturers throughout Haiti my
mom just showed me this there's a little
birds nest up there she's like oh have
you noticed our new addition but the
Robins not in there but apparently the
Robin sits in there all the time and
there's going to be babies that would be
so cute they must feel safe there I'm in
Walmart now and this is the Canadian
stand I just have to show you if you're
interested in Canadian magnets keychains
this is definitely the place for you
just trying to choose a deodorant here I
really like these dove ones but as you
can see there is quite a wide variety of
deodorants here which one to choose so
many options now for Body Wash this old
lace top looks quite nice I love coming
to North America because they've always
got different kinds of body wash and
stuff like that this piece of the things
that make me happy apparently okay I
just found this on clearance $24 Aslan
would be all over this it is a
calculator that you can print the
receipts and stuff on heat would die and
look up those buttons oh man don't you
just want to push those buttons mm-hmm
we've got a rollback on our hand 75
cents these are my addiction that
chocolate milk I don't even think you
know how much I love it and they have
got a new size 750
leaders it used to be 500 and 250 I know
so much about chocolate milk guys you
don't even know I I just love it so much
and my mom's already stocked up
otherwise I would have been hitting that
up back home now and I managed to find
some really good things in Walmart I
love going to Walmart I'm sure I'll be
back several more times but I thought I
would just do like a quick Walmart haul
why not right Sensodyne toothpaste this
is my favorite kind of toothpaste this
is the whitening kind apparently it's a
new kind so I'll have to see how that
goes
I got a tooth brush this is a Colgate
one that was on sale it's got soft
bristles I normally use an electric
toothbrush but I can't find the charger
for it so I didn't want to bring the
toothbrush along because I knew it would
die so I just bought myself a little
toothbrush I also bought some floss this
is the reach clean paste I have not used
this before but I do like trying new
floss flosses floss floss I flosses out
and this one is like a really weird
texture of course deodorant got to keep
those pits smelling nice am i right
ladies and gentleman or am i right this
is a wild rose scent and I love rose so
I know for a fact I'm going to love this
and this is one of my favorites formulas
of deodorant so that should be good I
also got shaving cream to shave those
hairy legs of mine this is the
pomegranate raspberry kind from z/os
which means evolution of smooth I used
to use this such a long time ago and
yeah I thought I'd give another whirl
it's got like these little imprints in
here for your hand I think like when you
hold it it's supposed to yet like groove
to your hand that's cool some shampoo
and conditioner this is the Dove revival
it's the pomegranate and lemon scent and
I love pomegranate I love lemon I didn't
actually smell this yet I got the Olay
jojoba extract luscious orchid body wash
which is this cool ribbony pattern and
because I'm a stationery addict I got
these Sharpie pens which do not bleed
through the paper apparently and they
come in a variety of colors very cool so
it's eight o'clock at night now which
means it's pretty much like what one am
UK time so I am exhausted I'm normally
in bed
by like 11:30 or 12:00 so I'm really
sleepy so I'm going to end the vlog here
I'm going to take a shower and just put
my pajamas on and chill out I'm gonna
try to stay awake until 9:00 because
that's like a decent time to go to bed
and hopefully I can wake up at a normal
time just to like really try to you know
keep that jetlag under under order so
that make sense so I'm going to wrap it
up and I will see you in the next vlog
bye as I'm just sitting here it's so
happy so pleased he's like no food makes
me more satisfied than ramen does and
he's like staring off into it just just
thinking about what makes me as happy
inside of mom it is so good
