good morning Lord Reginald what a
beautiful King you are like I don't know
what that was but this is Richie's
Harris tweed coat that he's modeling
it's actually custom-made for him when
we first thought oh I went a little bit
crazy on the coats and Aslan never lets
me put it on him
because he always says it's too hot but
it's actually kind of cold today and
drizzling so I just wanted him to feel
special you know special Sunday I think
he looks amazing in it I tell you I this
weather I just don't know if it's gonna
hot cold raining it today it is pretty
cold and raining so it's not too
Pleasant and also the zipper on this
jacket broke so I'm like holding it like
this guys don't be alarmed if there is
an Fe urban Fox back there oh right away
I don't think you saw but there was a
fox sitting right in the corner there I
see foxes constantly and Reggie hates
them so it's a good thing
walks right away otherwise right Reggie
or else
King Reggie is starving you know how I
was saying yesterday that Reggie never
wants to walk anymore well I guess the
past like a couple of days he's been
regaining some energy because today he
went on a very long walk he went to two
parks and he was sniffing everything and
anything no um you ready yeah yeah what
are you doing there yeah it smells like
anyway we're on our way to another
modern show another a new season another
modern show so we're not looking for
anything and they were just going on
because we should be into all
interesting it's a fun way to give up
your hours you know I mean we're just
gonna go have a look browse around see
if anything catches our fancy so
smuggling very quick outfit of the day
for me my hair is half dried half wet I
did put some slight effort into the
winged liner today which I've been you
know really liking my lipstick I love it
so much I'll actually link all my makeup
down below because it's really easy and
quick but yeah but this lipstick is from
the body shop and I'm just loving that
color and
anyway my regular blue coat from cause
that I wear every single day and then
this is a sweater from monkey with like
a little tank top underneath my jeans
are my ripped Jamie James from Topshop
and then I'm wearing my boots with these
little heels on them but nothing to
Healey can we all made it to East London
this one is a the highest in school
because it's kind of designed by Erno
Goldfinger who's a famous architect at
60 so you know it fits that mid-century
feel hmm oh I stays going on something
love a lamp okay let me zoom in on it
blown away there we go
there it is he really wanted oh yeah and
I made my mom buy me a lot of laughs and
I just want to fix it it's like a proper
one
like an actual genuine but I think
that's genuine item yeah
yeah maybe we'll see so I did get the
lava lamp it's actually just cooling
down because it's so hot it's really
cool I'll show you it's um it's copper
plated and I feel so so happy after just
leaving the water in sch√∂nau with this
cool retro bag very appropriate bag for
a lava lamp yeah it really is groovy
baby and then inside is the lamp lamp
itself it's cooling off actually we kind
of had to go before it could cool down
properly but I'm really happy with it we
back at home now and you're both editing
how strange
Alton's editing video as well so I'm
actually editing yesterday's vlog
because I haven't had a chance to do it
yet and I really want to put this up
tonight and then as Lana is editing his
desk video still and Reggie is editing
nothing
he is just loving every second of his
life I am so annoyed right now because
I'm editing this video and in the
background there's like this noise which
is actually the mechanics inside the
camera and it's like wow wow like so
distracting in the back end of the
videos now our old camera did this as
well and I thought it
because I dropped it one so I bought
another one and so this is a brand new
camera I think I've only used it like
two or three times and it's making the
same noise which I'm sure is annoying
all of you probably as I speak I don't
know if it's happening now but it's very
frustrating I mean how many cameras is a
lady supposed to buy this is crazy this
is crazy so we're actually heading out
again to go get some lunch and we're
gonna go get some ramen right I'm going
to Cuba
so yeah we're heading out now so I'm
talking with my mouth full it's a cold
British spring day so there's nothing
better than a bit of Robin said very
very true I have we're looking for the
noodle place now you're in that little
alleyway that's shorter you round
oh there's two branches which one you
wanna go for that one or this one wait
which one looks better to you I think
there's only exit as adventures this way
so yeah oh let's give it a go - waitin
to be cold - be seated
it says it is friendly sign a little
Ezra knows all this shocking
oh yes okay do you like something you
never know I'm really kind of sluggish
it speaking of sake does anyone room
Austin Powers Sakia to me baby show me
that you know I don't maybe you love us
one so much you make up your own awesome
power line like all so much in Austin
Powers like 25 times in the blog you
have like outside you log I said to
other people today like 20 times
interesting seating setup we're sitting
next to each other yeah whatever
after some serious thoughts I've decided
to get the Dracula
tonkatsu which is deep broasted tones
from criminalised black garlic balsamic
vinegar and garlic so it's very garlicky
and it's in a pork broth and I'm also
going to get some edamame beans which I
love and chicken curry are gay I'm not
saying this right at all and I also get
these pickles to condemn pickles
oh my BAE came and look at this he's got
like a creamy barry tubb frozen beer -5
degrees celsius that's gonna like this
whipped up it's pretty cool you got
trouble oh no EMT get some jasmine tea
oh that looks so pretty I'm so glad I
went near the flower option get you
change your mind halfway dude in you and
I'm Amish
was that delicious looking a little
button here with barbecued pork bun so
that said
oh yes this is my Dracula Robin I can
smell it it's like so garlicky and then
that's yours piri piri piri piri that's
gonna be spicy though
oh my god this is really really good and
I think it might be a little too spicy
per se though she tried a little bit
like coughing out for like 30 seconds
yeah but I think the difference between
this place and like buh daddy's step
loadout is definitely way more like
flavor yeah there's like very like salty
chickeny this a bit more like
everything's little I feel really good I
mean if you want to just probably a lot
more kind of a genuine Japanese ramen
experience I was just sitting here so
happy so pleased he's like no food makes
me more satisfied than ramen does and
he's like staring off into the distance
of thinking about what makes me ask
happy inside of the moment it is so good
I was just saying that I want to do a
blog post on the best places to get
ramen in London I don't think this was
my
yeah she want to go there's two more
bikes we want to hit up and then we'll
make a final so we are actually going to
be making our way to get a new camera
because I stay cannot handle the
brokenness of this one already I'm
putting up videos that are like fizzing
better yeah I know but especially
because you're going to Canada you need
a new one please
pretty much stat yeah so the only place
that I can think of that has a good
camera selection plus can a thread
eyebrows just - they need to do that
before she goes is Harrods so there are
vehicles right beside it bet I can get
my eyebrows done at yeah and her
actually has a oddly enough it has a
really good camera selection like the
because I think there's a Jessup's like
a little branch in there whatever okay I
know that I just really want to get my
eyebrows done I also want to get a
manicure and pedicure that's not gonna
happen today I'll have to just do it
myself but whenever I go away I just
like to be cleansed you know I'd like to
be your feet to be in non disgusting
images you know what they do in the
Canadian border
first thing they do is they take it up
she's got bras by she's native whatever
I walk around Soho this will
occasionally happen a shop that I just
baffled how can it stay open and so who
because the renters are so outrageous
this is a shop that just sells brassware
by the looks of things something like
that like all these like random like
locks and things like handles on the
other side got like lots of different
pliers now how can a shop like this the
openings over that
they own how hey Harris when it's busy
it's like nothing else there's giving
kids just endless amounts of tourists
people in the way but there's nothing
else like it as well like you know
there's like a like a different
atmosphere it's 10% off most things
parents
take an escalator up to the camera store
yeah yeah this way but in this literal
smooth smooth jazz yeah
75,000 Wow for a knife okay wow that is
quite something
all right presently so one for this we
have our choice exes
in the purple color oh please focus come
on come on
there's one then we get there X is 2 6 5
HS in the purple dollar fingers crossed
and it's tempers off hey jackass so I
got the camera heading along to Harvey
Nichols now
the lady needs to look red-faced Oh face
it's alright anyway uh yeah it's fun
having it I'm actually really does I'm
looking forward to that food war having
to have a great poodle on Oprah
those have like really odd drinks
nearing so don't wait to sample those
all still getting your eyebrow torture
so I stays being highbrow reddish
meanwhile I'm on the top floor and I'll
be the host and they have like a food
section here like a food whole concert
some bubble tea whilst I wait
yeah let's let's explore what sort of
ridiculous foods that they have this is
pre interesting they've got rapeseed oil
off on the left here which is kind of
expected but then I got avocado oil
which is very unusual and pumpkin seed
oil a funky the pumpkin see it all
weighs 25 pounds but pricey but what
would even you pumpkin seed on for maybe
just is it just for like salads or does
how about cooking purpose so I stays
missing out and have an American section
look at this Hershey's Reese's creamer
not she's more Hershey's Reese's on
Jemima Syria this sound kind of
repulsive chewing gum tobacco ketchup oh
holy crap for you to basket lovers out
there this is something else I think
this is a gallon of Tabasco sauce this
is a this is huge is it this is like a
normal basketball comparisons as a size
it is 80 pounds not the cheapest but you
do get a hell of a lot of Tabasco
I have a Japanese section and look what
I found frickin hi-chew if anybody knows
what height you is they know that I hurt
you is the best
chewing like gum sweet sort of thing
ever
I remember at school
all the boys from Hong Kong and China
would all bring his over and I would
just I would be willing to pay money to
buy their was that good god I just got
my eyebrows done are they really red Oh
a little they've been way more red
before in the past so the girl who's
doing she seem like very good to me yeah
she's very yeah very like took her time
very precise it's really happy with it
what stopped you because we we saw a
viewer his name was ad man nice guy so
he's watching me I hope that he's your
name because she said his name was very
similar to a sight but I couldn't quite
catch it without them one thing I think
so yeah and his girlfriend I've actually
met his girlfriend before in origin so
whole world I think we're gonna head
home now reg it's probably like I'm
hungry time for Reggie's evening walk
he's gone quite far today so hopefully
we could have a full walk tonight
without Reggie getting too tired just
got back from walking Reggie and Coco I
thought he was going like this in my
face but he was just shaking anybody oh
I just plugged in my lava lamp a while
ago and it's finally heating up so here
you can see it in action
oh I love it I just love it would you
look at this oh would you look at that
look at this look at that oh I could
just sit here and watching this all day
and that's probably what I'm gonna be
doing I love the copper tops and bottoms
but don't touch it
very hot anyway I think we're gonna wrap
up the vlog here for the evening I just
wanted to take a minute and announce
that I'm going to be in Canada probably
by the time you watch this vlog I'll be
doing lots of vlogs while I'm there but
I just wanted to say that there will be
a meet-up in Toronto I will leave all
the information about that down below
but it's going to be on Sunday May 18th
in Dundas Square at 2:30
rain or shine I hope it doesn't rain or
snow so yeah that would be really cool
and I hope some of you guys make it my
Toronto peeps in my homeland I'm really
excited to meet some of my Canadian
viewers because you know it's Canada
going home it's really exciting for me
so it's almost 7 o'clock now I'm pretty
exhausted that was deaf
not a lazy Sunday no it's a fun Sunday
but it wasn't like lazy so now I'm gonna
get my pajamas on I'm going to do some
laundry organize a little bit because
you know I just got to prepare my life a
little bit because I'm gonna be leaving
gonna be leaving these two Oh God
it's okay me and Reggie like you oh man
do you alright so I'm going to wrap it
up and I will see you in Canada
bye put the second coat of beeswax on on
that sit there it is ladies gentlemen
finished I love it I absolutely love it
yeah I mean is so cool woody I've
actually used these yes I'm going to be
hanging my necklaces on those tonight
yeah
